VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. So."
PROOF THAT TREACHERY
DESTROYED THE MAINE
THE OFFICIAL
INVESTIGATION
IS PROGRESSING
EXPLOSION
NOT DUE TO
AN ACCIDENT
What Is Shown by the
Work of the Divers
at Havana,
Officials at Washington Continue
to Make Peace Protestations
While Preparations for
War Go Forward.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordoa Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 22. -La Lucha, in
editorial this afternoon, recommends
that all correspondents of newspa
pers the United States who
send out charges against the au
thorities of Spain be immediately
expelled from Cuba. La Lucha also
states that Captain Sigsbee has no
right to take an active part in the Maine
investigation, adding that in any other
country the first official proceeding
would be to court-martial him.
HAVANA, Feb. 22. — The further inquiry into the
causes that led to the Maine disaster proceeds, the more
remote appear the chances that any evidence will be
discovered to show that the disaster was due to acci
dent. I am able to give you the result of the investiga
tion made this morning by the divers. Those that
penetrated into the forward part of the wreck found that
the whole forward end of the ship from a point just abaft
the forward turret had been twisted fifteen or twenty
degrees to starboard.
That part of the vessel was a wilderness of debris
and curled and twisted plates. The sharp, jagged edges
of some of the plates added danger to the difficulties of
the divers by getting their life lines into a tangle and
fraying the cords, and in one instance almost cutting
through the rubber tube which supplied the diver
with air.
One important discovery made was as
to the position of the corpses found in
the wreck, ioo of which were floating
about the torn compartments. A full
score of these were examined by mv in
formant. All of these were in their
hammocks and all had their arms
curved upward as if they had been
startled by some sudden shock of dan
ger and were in the act of reaching uo
for their hammock hooks to swing
themselves on deck when death came.
This seems to confirm what has already
been said about there having been two
explosions, the first startling the men
into the act of arising from their ham
mocks, the other dashing the fife out of
them while they were in that position.
Before the explosion the ten-inch
magazine was located on the starboard
side, forward, and beneath the forward
turret. What is left of that magazine
seems to have been driven toward the
port bow in a diagonal and upward di
rection.
The six-inch magazine, which had. its
location in the port side of the ship for
ward, was hurled in a direction directly
opposif to that of the ten-inch maga
zine. One of the copper cylindrical
The San Francisco Call
found by the divers in the wreck of that
structure. It contained no powder
charge.
The ten-inch magazine has not been
closely examined at this writing but
such inspection of it as was made leads
my informant to believe the biff pile of
twisted wreckage that lies about the too
of it is composed of unexploded ten
inch charges.
My informant believes that the six
inch magazine was exploded by the first
shock that was felt, and that there was
another explosion in the ten-inch mag
azine.
Though I questioned him very closely
I could gain no idea as to whether the
curvature of the plates indicated that
there had been an outside explosion. He
could not tell me, as he had made no
examination in that direction.
The theory of two explosions is
borne out by the testimony of Senor An
tonio Caballero, a well known tobacco
dealer in Havana. Senor Caballero was
crossing the bay in the ferry-boat at the.
time of the disaster. He was familiar
with the Maine, having paid several
visits to that craft, and was pointing out
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
to a group of friends on the ferry-boat
her peculiarities when there came, he
says, a dull report from the forward part
of the warship and the upheaval of a
geyser of water about the boat, followed
almost immediately by a terrific roar
and a blinding flash of light. He is
positive about the first explosion and
says it was noticed by his companions.
This statement of his came to the ears
of one of the court of inquiry, and last
night an officer was sent to Senor
Caballeros to ask him if he would ap
pear as a witness before the court. He
announced his willingness to do so and
was to have appeared to-day.
Many strange tales of the disaster are
brought out as the days wear on. One
of these was made known yesterday
when the captain of an English bark an
chored in the harbor and nearly a
mile distant from the Maine told of
how a bewhiskered jaw had fallen on
the deck of his vessel. The captain has
been asked to appear as a witness before
the court of inquiry.
The proceedings of that body absorb
all interest now. Every one here be-
I lieves a crisis will follow close upon the
heels of its conclusions.
The Spanish authorities realize that
Spain is perilously near a rupture with
the United States and suppressed ex
citement is felt in the air. The Captain-
General js in constant communication
Mfith Madrid, bat nothing that" is' hao- '
p«ning there or at Washington is al
lowed to appear in the papers. The
foreign consular officials are likewise
busy with their home offices.
Diving operations at the wreck were
carried on to-day more briskly and
with better results than heretofore, at
least so far as the work of recovering
bodies is concerned. The men are now
becoming accustomed to the lay of the
wreck and proceed with more freedom
and confidence than they had when they
first ventured into the murky depths.
Operations were confined entirely to
day to the forward part of the ship.
Twelve bodies had been recovered uo
to 3 o'clock. The divers also brought
up deck chairs and other articles that
formed part of the ship's furniture.
As the bodies were brought to the
surface they were towed to the Spanish
patrol boat, where they were prepared
for burial. I spent a short time this
afternoon on board this barge in com
pany with Chaplain Chadwick. The
bodies presented a sickening sight. Out
of twelve recovered to-day it has been
impossible so far to identify one. Most
of them are scarred and burned beyond
recognition. Those bodies that had not
been burned had been in the water so
long the features were unrecognizable.
Eight of the bodies were in such a con
dition that they were all placed in one
coffin.
As the bodies were towed alongside
the barge Chaplain Chidwick peered
anxiously over the side hoping that he
might recognize some familiar features.
Captain Sigsbee, at the time I was on
the barge with Chaplain Chidwick. was
on the lighthouse tender Mangrove a
few yards away. He was seated alone
on the deck looking stern and sorrowful
as fresh evidence of the direful results
of the explosion that destroyed his ves
sel came before his eyes. The bodies
recovered from the wreck, with those
of men who died in the hospital, now
number 158. Of these only fifty have
been identified. It is possible that
marks on what is left of the clothing
may lead to the identification of fifteen
more.
The operations of the divers to-day
did not extend to that part of the wreck
where the officers' quarters were, and
the bodies of Lieutenant Fred W. Ten
kins and Passed Assistant Engineer
Darwin R. Merritt have not yet been
recovers d.
While the divers were at work the
shores, as usual, were lined with throngs
striving to follow all that was being
done at the wreck and on the boats near
by. Craft of all sorts swarmed in the
vicinity of the operations, approaching
as closely as the patrol boats would per
mit them.
Before the Naval Court of Inquiry ap
pointed to investigate the cause of the
explosion which wrecked the warship
Captain Sigsbee to-day continued his
story of the disaster. All the morning
was taken up in this examination, dur
ing which time, I am able to say. facts
of great importance bearing upon the
blowing up of the Maine were brought
out. Great care is taken to keep se
cret all of Captain Sigsbee's testimony,
and the same care will be exercised
when other important witnesses appear
View of the City and Harbor of Bridgetown, Island of Barbadoes, West Indies, where the South Atlantic Fleet, con
sisting of the Cincinnati, Wilmington and Castine, has been ordered to rendezvous.
SPAIN WILL NOT SELL CUBA.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, Feb. 22.— As the question of the purchase of Cuba is being
pushed in Washington, it may be of use to state, and I have it on the
highest authority, that Spain would never, no matter what the Gov
ernment was in power, consider any such suggestion or any compro
mise in Cuba beyond the broad measure of autonomy drafted by the
Liberal Government. This is an absolute, irrevocable decision. People
who suggest anything elße are only wasting time and arousing un
founded hopes in the minds of the rebels.
before the court of inquiry to tell their
stories. No story of the wrecking of
the Maine will, however, he Riven such
consideration by the Board of Inquiry
as that of Captain Sitrsbee, who. as
commander of the United States war
vessel, has told just what steps were
taken to protect the battle-ship.
Captain Sigsbee yesterday gave valu
able information as to this, but to-day
it is' understood his testimony was of
even greater importance and through it
great light has been thrown upon the
mystery of the Maine disaster.
When all of Captain Sigsbee's testi
mony is in the court of inquiry will
proceed immediately to the statements
cf the other officers of the Maine, and
then the work of taking the testimony
of the wounded and other survivors oi
the battle-ship will begin. This will
j/robnbly consume considerable time, as
the stories of many of the crew of the
Maine will be long.
These who were nearest the scene of
the explosion will be minutely examined
by the court. Not one ot these has as
yet told his story in detail, and when
these stories are told it is expected they
v. ill tr very sensational. Great impor
tance is attached by the court to the
testimony of these men.
While the investigation in behalf of
the L'niU-u States is point? on the ijpan
ish iuthonties are not idle. The depo
sions of officers of Spanish vessels in the
I. arbor ?rd of harbor officials as to the
Maine disaster were to-day given before
Judge Feral of the Spanish Admiralt>
Court, this way the Spanisn are
working to gather facts as to the Maine
disaster hitherto unknown.
Pefore the court of inquiry met on the
Mangrove to-day members of the court
paid an official visit to Admiral Man
terola. The court did not visit the
members of the autonomist gov
ernment.
In honor of the victims of the Maine
the military commander of Guanabacoa
has ordered the suspension for three
days of public festivities in that city.
This work of respect is greatly appre
ciated by the American colony in this
city.
The rebels in the field have not been
inactive during the excitement follow
ing the destruction of the Maine. Gen
eral Pando of the Santiago district has
asked for re-enforcements to continue
his campaign against Calixto Garcia
and 1600 regulars have been sent to him.
General engagements have taken place
there recently, but no details have
reached the capital.
NAVAL OFFICERS
SUSPECT TREACHERY.
So the Vast Quantity of Coal at Key
West Is Now Being
Searched.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A Key West
special to the Herald says: Notwith
standing the order issued by the Navy
Department commanding all its officers
not to hold interviews with any person
whatever in reference to the destruc
tion of the Maine, or other matters con
nected with naval affairs, it is evident
from unguarded expressions heard in
hotel corridors and in the streets that
the opinion of foul play in connection
with the blowing up of the war vessel
is daily gaining ground in naval circles.
That treachery is suspected even at
this point is evidenced by the precau
tions being taken by the naval au
thorities here. Precisely who is under
suspicion or what is mistrusted I have
been unable to ascertain, but the fact
that unusual precautions are being
taken is apparent.
Below the surface suspicion seems to
be directed chiefly toward the supply
of coal kept in the sheds here for the
use of naval vessels. During the last
few days a gang of laborers has been
overhauling the coal piles, searching
for dynamite or 'other combustibles.
The work is necessarily slow and te
dious, on account of the immense
quantity stored here, and the examina
tion will require possibly a week
longer. From the fact that after the
work is discontinued at sundown
armed watchmen are placed on guard
at the yard it would appear that not
only is suspicion directed with what
might have been placed in the coal in
the past, but the authorities are ap
prehensive anew.
It is reported here to-night that a
dispatch was received at the naval
station after sundown from Washing-
ton stating that the Washington of
ficials were working on information
which may show that a bomb was
placed in one of the bunkers of the
ship and its explosion resulted in the
sinking of the Maine. This theory is
repudiated by numerous officers whom
I questioned. They ridicule the idea
that any ordinary bomb could have
penetrated the heavy steel walls pro
tecting the magazines. I called on
Commander Forsythe to-night and
questioned him respecting the report.
He looked down at me from his tower
ing height with a quizzical expression
of countenance and said: "Young man,
have you seen the orders from the Sec
retary of the Navy prohibiting all of
ficers from granting interviews to
members of the press?"
I evaded his query and asked him Jf
he had received such an order. He
begged to be excused from answering
the question. There is no foundation
in the report that Consul-General Lee
has left Havana for the United States.
I saw the consul in Havana last night
on his way to the palace of Captain-
General Blanco with whom he had a
long conference.
DELUGED WITH THE
OFFERS OFJ/OLUNTEERS.
Governor Holcomb of Nebraska
Could Turn Out a Big Army
in Case of War.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— A Lincoln
(Neb.) special to the Herald says:
Governor Holcomb and Adjutant-Gen
eral Barry have been deluged with
proffers from National Guard members,
ex-army men and citizens of their ser
vices, and yesterday sixty-five citizens
of Valentine tendered their services
to President McKinley through the
Governor.
Major Fechel. United States army,
military attache to Governor Holcomb,
has received a number of cipher tele
grams from Washington, but the con
tents are not disclosed.. At Fort Nio
brara there is more activity than any
time since the Wounded Knee Indian
uprising.
Governor Holcomb refuses to say he
has received any instructions from the
War Department. He says the mili
tary strength of the State for immedi
ate service, fully equipped, is 1200 men,
but that 200,000 more will respond if the
Government calls them.
THE PRESIDENT
MAY BE FORCED
TO DECLARE WAR
Fear of Popular Indignation Com
pels Mr. McKinley to Enforce
Silence Among the Men
of the Navy-
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— A Key West,
Fla., special to the Herald says :
The Call-Herald special dispatch boat
arrived here from Havana at4o'clock
this afternoon. Notwithstanding
the strong northerly wind and a
heavy sea in the gulf the trim little
steamer made the run across in a
few hours. Her arrival in the har
bor, which caused considerable ex
citement, was simultaneous with
that of the steamer Olivette from
Tampa, and as the latter slowed
down in approaching her dock the
fleet little dispatch boat steamed
past with her Herald pennant flying
to the breeze, exchanging salutes
with their musical whistle.
As indicated in my dispatches last
night, the wrecking tug Right Arm
sailed this evening for Havana, hav
ing been sent by the naval author
ities to assist in the examination of
the Maine. Captain Magee told me
he had no doubt his men would be
able within a few hours to deter
mine the cause of the disaster to
morrow.
"Assuming," I said, "that the
action of a mine or torpedo from
the exterior caused the explosion of
the magazines, would a magazine
explosion have obliterated evidences
of the prior exp/osicn of the mine?"
"No," said Captain Magee, "as soon as
our experienced divers get to work and the
surrounding mud is dredged out from under
the ship's bottom we will be able to explain
the whole affair thoroughly, but our informa
tion will be given to nobody but properly
accredited Government officers."
Captain Magee seen ed deeply impressed
with the magnitude of the issue hanging
upon the work of the men laboring under his
control. He is a discreet man and may be
depended upon to do faithful work and dis
close no secrets except to the proper
authorities.
The order issued by ihe Secretary of the
Navy to all officers forbidding them under
penalty of coort-martial from granting in
terviews to any person, and particularly
newspaper correspondents, in reference to
the destruction of the Maine or any matter
connected with the disaster, is being rigidly
enforced by the naval authorities. The order
has naturally, from the open manner and abso
lute freedom with which all information has
been heretofore given by attaches of naval
stations and officers of vessels in the harbor,
caused considerable comment in this city
and created the impression that the Govern
ment is in possession of facts which perhaps
have been developed by divers working in
the Maine, which, if known by the public,
might precipitate premature action by the
President; in other words might force the
executive to dec/are war before the Govern
ment is fully prepared to act. At all events
the order is considered full of significance.
NOT A HOLIDAY^
AT THE CAPITAL
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— A1l the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Government departments were closed
in Washington to-day .save the Navy
Department, where a few of the officials
assembled to receive any dispatches
that might arrive and to close the con
tract with the wreckers for the recov
ery of the effects on the Maine and the
vessel herself if that be practicable.
The signing of the wrecking contract
was the most important event of the
day, and this concluded the officials
closed up shop and went home to enjoy
a respite from the rush of the past
week.
Captain Sigsbee was heard from in
a dispatch which indicates that close
attention will be given to the coal
bunkers by the Navy Court of Inquiry.
Washington officials unquestionably
have been for some time preparing for
any emergency that may arise, but ap
pearances at the department to-day
; would indicate that any necessary or
ders have already been given and that
the situation is not one calling for im
; mediate activity at Washington. The
i Castlne and Cincinnati, in accordance
with orders made known some time
; ago, are to move much further north, to
i West Indian waters, and at Norfolk
■ the monitor Terror has been ordered to
i be in readiness and will be sent to New
I York to-morrow.
The Senate passed a bill to add two
artillery regiments to the strength of
the r.avy. This measure has been
urged for many months by officials of
the War Department, who foresaw that
while Congress of late years had taken
measures for the protection of our
coasts by additional appropriations for
extensive works, it had not provided
the men necessary to operate these en
gines of war. Should the House pass
the bill It will enable the department
to carry out plans it has long had in
view. Criticism lately passed upon the
state of the army and our fortifications
has caused Increased activity in mili
tary matters and to some extent this Is
responsible for reports arriving from
various quarters of movements at army
posts.
FORTY RAPID-FIRE
HOTCHKISS GUNS ORDERED.
Contracts With the American Ord-
nance Company That Causes
Comment.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— A Bridgeport.
Conn., special to The Herald says: The
American Ordnance Company has re
ceived an order for guns which is ac
companied by considerable mystery.
The order is for forty six-pounder
rapid fire Hotchkiss guns to be deliv
ered at once. The order came from
Vice-President Very of the Ordnance
Company in Washington. The guns
called for in the contract are such as
are used largely by the Government
for torpedo boats and light armed
cruisers, and the belief is that they are
for the United States Government.
Secretary N. W. Bishop of the com
pany says the officials of the company
here knew nothing about the destina
tion of the guns. The order was by
telegraph and was signed by the vice
president. Immediately preparations
were begun by the ordnance company
for turning out the guns. Some of tha
castings will be made by the Bethle
hem Iron Works, Bethlehem, Pa.,
and it will take fully a week
to get the first gun under way, but af
ter that the company expects to turn
out two or three a week. An additional2
ACTIVE PREPARATIONS FOR WAR
MONITOR TERROR
WILL SET SAIL FOR
NEW YORK TO-DAY
Without a Moment's Loss of Time
tf)e Modern Eogine of War
to Speed to the
Metropolis.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22— A Richmond, Va., special to the Herald
says: News from Norfolk Navy-yard to-night is that the Terror is
under orders to sail direct to New York to-morrow instead of drop
pin? anchor in Hampton Roads. The yard is working with closed
gates, and visitors, and newspaper men particularly, are barred.
Work will be kept up until a late hour to-night. Captain Dunn, com
mander of the Terror, has been on board his ship all day supervising
the work of taking on stores. Some finishing touches are being placed
on her boilers, and this will complete her repairs. She is already
coaled, and stores are not large enough to indicate an extensive cruise.
She will take on other stores at New York, it Is said. It is Impossible
to say at what hour she will leave, her own officers expressing ignor
ance of the exact time, as it is merely a question of completing work
on her. This is expected will be late to-night. She will likely sail in
the morning, and, not requiring a pilot on account cf her comparatively
moderate size, will make a quick run to the Capes, and should reach
New York on Thursday morning. Three hundred men have enlisted on
the Puritan and Terror in the last few days, and many more have of
fered. They are sent aboard the recruiting ship Franklin, and as
soon as they pass the doctor's examination are transferred to one or
other of the monitors.
The Government has increased the appropriation for construction
for the Norfolk Navy-yard from $40,000 to $85,000 for the month of
March, and the force will be doubled. If the requisite number of men
cannot be obtained here they will be transferred from smaller navy
yards. This with other appropriations will make about $300,000 to be
spent in the yard during that month. Other vessels needing repairs
will be sent here shortly, and it is stated on good authority that the
Machias, now on her way from Europe, will be sent to this yard for
extensive repairs.
fierce of men has already been put on.
The officials say they do not attach
the significance to the order that they
would have had they received a hur
ried order f'>r ammunition. It is un
derstood here, despite the disclaimer,
thai the guns are for the Government
and that the contract is likely to be
followed by ano-ther even larger than
the present one. The increased activ
ity at the factory is already comment
ed upon by employes, who see, in the
event of war ahead, lively times for
them.
DECIDED SPLIT IN
THE CUBAN MINISTRY.
Autonomists Bealieved to Be Se
cretly Treating for the Island's
Independence.
MADRID, Feb. 22.— A gloomy tone
pervades in political circles on the re
ports of a split in the Cuban ministry, i
The autonomists, Senor Giberga and j
Senor Amblard, are, it is believed, j
secretly treating with the Separatists
in the direction of independence for
Cuba. Senor Govin, the Cuban Secre
tary of the Interior, is accused of
treason by the Imparcial, which pub
lishes a fac simile of a letter from
Senor Govin to a friend, in which the
former says:
"How could you think that Saga-sta,
a man inferior »to Canovas, and liberal
only in name, has inspired my attitude
and not my ideas and sentiments as a
Cuban? McKinley as well as Cut>a will i
determine whether I am a Spaniard.
Long live our country and liberty."
The Imparoial adds that it predicted ;
a weak Ministry in Cuba and warned '
Senor Moret, the Spanish Colonial <
Minister, of what was likely to be the
outcome of his autonomy scheme.
El Pais says: "Spain should treat
with the rebels direct rather than tol- j
crate the traitor Govin."
El Correo Espanol asks: "How •will
Senor Moret, the patron of Govin, and \
Senor Sagasta, the patron of both
Moret and Govin. stand, now that Go
vin is a traitor to his country? Who- ,
ever supports a traitor is likewise a
traitor."
CHILEAN NAVY
READY FOR SERVICE.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO. Feb. 22.— 1t is said
that about March 1 the whole Chilean
navy will assemble here to be reviewed
by the President. The navy will then
execute a series of maneuvers at some
place near this point. What draws
special attention to this story is that
the squadron will present Itself fully
equipped and provisioned and ready to
go into service. The people of Chile
are curious to know what this means.
UNCLE SAM— "Say! You've got one job on
your hands now!"
RESOURCES OF
THE MILITIA
I Over 70,000 Men Avail
able in the Third
Brigade.
Non-Commissioned Officers to
Be Brought Up to Greater
Efficiency.
i All Companies Rapidly Being Filled
to Oo on a War Foot
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 22.— Colonel T. J. Hay
!of Brigadier-General Muller's staff
stated yesterday that should occasion
require it in the case of active service
there were 70,800 and some odd men in
the territory embraced in the Third
; Brigade who could be enlisted for serv
; Ice, exclusive of the National Guards
men. He has the names and addresses
i of the men in his office, and should it
be necessary to draft men he would
know Just those who would be avail
able, all of them being between the
ages of 18 and 45 years and physically
- able to do active service.
Should such a crisis arise, he states,
the present National Guardsmen would
i not furnish enough men to officer the
recruits. As yet the colonel has not re
ceived the information asked for in the
' orders sent out by him as colonel of
i General Muller's staff, asking the com
manders of the companies to forward
advices as to the number of men who
could be called upon for active service,
but he states that quite a number of the
National Guardsmen are disqualified.
The present indications of war with
Spain have caused considerable activ
! ity in the Third Brigade, especially at
the headquarters here, and it is under
: stood that Colonel Ha.y will insist upon
greater proficiency from the non-com-
I missioned officers of the brigade, whom
! he criticized yesterday in talking to
some of the officers after the field day
exercises here.
He states that under the new tactics
the non-commissioned officers have a
j great deal more responsibility than they
J did formerly, and that in case of war
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
SENATOR MATT QUAY
SAYS A TORPEDO
DESTROYED THE MAINE
This pact Is Well I^nows to the GovernmeQt,
fllthough It Is Not Believed tJ)e Spanish
Officers at Havana Had flny HaQd
ir) the Atrocious Crin)e.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 22.— Senator Quay and his son, Captain A. G. C. Quay of the regular army,
arrived at the Senator's home at Beaver to-day from Washington. According to a special dispatch re
ceived from Beaver, the Senator fears trouble with Spain. He Is quoted as saying the Government has
positive information that the Maine was destroyed by a torpedo, but does not think the Spanish Govern
ment itself had anything to do with the disaster, but that the awful work was done by Spanish guerrillas
who thought by blowing up the boat they were aiding the Spanish Government.
"The torpedo that destroyed the battle-ship was made in the United States," said the Senator. "It's
character is fully understood.- It was possible to send it through the water for a mile and to discharge it
either by percussion or by a time fuse, arranged by clock work. The torpedo probably was sent on Its ter
rible mission by members of the volunteer army in Havana. The work had not the countenance of the
Spanish authorities."
Senator Quay thinks the work of the divers will simply prove what the Government already knows.
He further said the authorities at Washington are very keen to have the Spanish cruiser Vizcaya, now in
New York harbor, leave at once. While every precaution has been and will be taken for her protection,
the Government has secret Information that attempts will be made to blow her up. The police are especi
ally active about the Cuban junta in New York, according to Mr. Quay, but it would not surprise him
if trouble would hatch there. He repeated that the Government is eager to have the Spanish war vessel
leave New York harbor at once.
they would be all made commissioned
officers.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 22.— 1n compli
ance with orders from brigade head
quarters a recruiting office was opened
here to-day, the idea being to bring
the membership of the local military
company up to the maximum of 103,
and further to ascertain just how
many volunteers could be secured in
this section from ex-guardsmen and
citizens should a crisis come. It is
thought that should war be declared
between Spain and America, the officer
in charge will find considrable more
work than he anticipates.
OFFICERS ABROAD
ARE ORDERED HOME.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. Feb. 22.— An order has
been received at the United States em
bassy ordering all officers of the United
States navy at present on leave of
rejoin their ships at once.
Lieutenant Bradford Jones and Lieu
tenant Commander Williams, who ar
rived in England with their wives and
families a few days ago to spend sev
eral months in Europe, will sail by the
Cunarder on Friday.
MURDERED BY LOWER
CALIFORNIA INDIANS.
Marvin Gaskill of San Diego County
Reported to Have Been
Slain.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 22.— E. Edwin, a
passenger arriving on the steamer Car
los Pacheco from Ensenada to-day,
brings the news that a report was re
ceived by the authorities of Ensenada
on Saturday morning of the murder of
Marvin Gaskill, son of L. H. Gaskill of
Campo, this county, by Indians on the
desert near Algodones a few days ago.
Mr. Edwin stated that he was told by
reliable persons in Ensenada that a
squad of rnrales left for the desert at
noon on Saturday, in response to the
request of the Mexican Judge at Algo
dones, to arrest the murderer. L. H.
Gaskill, who is in the city visiting, was
informed of the report to-day for the
first time. He at once stated he be
lieved his son had been the victim of
treachery on the part of certain Mexi
cans and half-breeds, as the result of
the arrest of cattle thieves at Algo
dones about two months ago.
RUSHING WORK
ON GUN CARRIAGES.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A Cleveland
special to the Herald says: Superin
tendent W. E. Pendleton of the nav.nl
gun factory at Washington Navy-yard
to-day Instructed the Otis Steei Com
pany of this city to rush work on and
hasten the delivery of the gun car
riages now being built for the navy.
Assistant General Manager Henry
Jeavons of the steel company said:
"We are building five monster gun
carriages for the Navy Department.
We have been at work on them for
some months. In ordinary events it
would take three months to complete
them. Although the work may be
rushed, it will be Impossible to com
plete them in less than two months.
DIFFICULTY OF
DIVERS' WORK
It May Take Six Weeks
to Complete a
Report.
So Filthy Is the Water That
the Work Cannot Be Done
by Sight.
Refuse Has Been Accumulating for a
Hundred Years Where the Maine
, Was Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Washington, Feb. 22.
Some of the best informed experts in
the department estimate that the div
ers now engaged in examining the
wreck will be unable to make a com
plete report in \e.:ta than six weeks. The
difficulties of examination are exceed
ingly great. The water of the harbor
is unspeakably filthy, containing as it
does the accumulation of the sewage of
Havana for a hundred years. The in
vestigation can hardly be conducted by
sight, as it is impossible to see more
than an inch or two beyond the eye,
and the wreck is sunk so deep in the
mud and slime that the labor will be
doubly hard.
It is hoped, however, that long be
fore the work of investigation shall be
completed there will be some revela
tion to point with reasonable certainty
to the probable origin of the explosion.
This is merely a hope, for it is recog
nized at the department that there Is a
strong possibility of the cause of the
disaster forever remaining a mystery.
Washington is settling down to await
results with a fair degree of patience.
It is felt that without regard to the
Maine disaster or the De Lome inci
dent, Cuban affairs are approaching a
crisis, and that something will happen
soon to bring things to a head.
Had there been nothing startling to
render delicate the relations between
the two Governments in the past two
weeks, there could still be enough in
the regular development of the situa
tion to make it evident that a settle
ment of some kind was approaching.
Spanish sovereignty has been waning,
and this fact is realized both at Wash
ington and Madrid. The United States
Government finds itself for the first
time in a position to. make propositions
to Spain with a fair prospect of cour
teous consideration, and it is possible
that .the feeling between the two gov
ernments may be softened by recent
events, instead of embittered as at first
seemed certain. The mutual expres
sions of condolence and of confidence
to which the tragedy in Havana har
bor has given rise will, it is believed,
have the effect of rendering diplomatic
negotiations easier and more fruitful,
unless, indeed, the divers at work in
Havana harbor uncover facts which
can have only a sinister interpretation.
TURNING OUT HIGH
EXPLOSIVE SHELLS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— The Taylor
Iron Works, Whitebridge, N. J., have
been working a full force and have
been employing as many men as possi
ble for the last twelve weeks. They
are making twelve, fourteen and six
teen inch shells for the Government.
The shells are to be used for the long
range mortars on the staboard defense.
They are made of steei and are about
six feet in length and weigh 250 pounds.
The average number turned out is
about 100 a day. As soon as they are
completed they are sent to the Govern
ment arsenal at Dover, where they are
loaded with 200 pounds of a new and
high exnlosive resembling gun cotton.
Colonel W. J. Taylor, one of the officers
of the company, refused to talk upon
the matter, and -workmen are forbidden
to say anything.
WHEN KATHARINE DUER
BECOMES MRS. MACKAY.
Date of the Marriage Set for June
15 and the Bridesmaids
Chosen.
NEW YORK, reb. 22.-The wedding of
Miss Katherine Duer, daughter of Mr
a T nd . Mr S- William A. Duer, and Clarence
H. Mackay, only eon of Mr. and Mrs.
jonn \\. Mackay, whose engagement was
announced last week, has been set for
June 15. Miss Virginia Fair, Miss Mary
Goelet, Miss Evelyn Burden and Miss
Gerry will be four of the bridesmaids
A large number of invitations are to be
issued!
To Cure a Cold It) One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cur*.
45c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
IN READINESS
FOR THE FIELD
Department of Dakota Is
Prepared for Any
Emergency.
Has Received Orders to Be in
Shape to Start at a Mo
ment's Notice.
In the Event of Hostilities Spain
Would Find the Regulars
Well Prepared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— A St. Paul
special to the Herald says: It
is certain that the Department
of Dakota has had orders to
be in readiness for the field, though
officers at the army building decline to
admit it. These orders do not imply
that the Government expects war, but
are precautionary.
General Wade left for St. Louis a
few days ago, but it is understood that
he went there on private business.
Colonel McArthur, adjutant-general of
the department, said:
"This department needs no orders. As
to orders to place ourselves in readi
ness it would be like asking us to
stand straight. We are supposed to
be ready and we always are ready.
Why, if orders were received to-night
all the troops in this department could
be under way before to-morrow noon.
Every soldier is on a railroad line. The
telegraph would provide special trains
immediately. Within thirty-six hours
after orders arrived the majority of
our men could be out of the depart
ment.
"A few of them, as far west as Mis
soula, for instance, might be a couple
of days in getting here, but there would
be no delay. We have not any artillery
here, but every company of infantry
and every troop of cavalry is at all
times fully armed and equipped for
duty. There are some 2500 men in the
Department of Dakota, about 1700 in- ,
fantry and 800 cavalry. We have three
full regiments of infantry, the Second,
Third and Twenty-fifth, one regiment
of cavalry, the Tenth, and several
troops of the Fourth Cavalry."
The State of Minnesota has three full
regiments of infantry, batteries of ar
tillery and one cavalry troop which
could be fully ready for Government
service in thirty-six hours.
Colonel Frank E. R. Woodward of
Minneapolis, who spent a year in the
Cuhan army, has tendered the Gov
ernor a company of volunteers. A St.
Paul company of volunteers also an
nounces readiness to take the field at
the Governor's call.
A Columbia. S, C, special to the
Herald says: The only activity in mil
itary circles in South Carolina is in
Charleston harbor defenses. Work
there is going on by day and night.
This is explained by the statement that
the contractor Is behind in his work,
TROOPS FROM
THE NORTH TO
GO TO KEY WEST
Said to Be GoiQg to Guard Guns,
but Officers ar}d Men Be
lieve the Move Is
Serious.
<?> ATLANTA, Ga., Feb. 22.— 1t developed hore to-night that orders <S>
♦ have been received at Fort McPherson to hold two companies of United <&
<$> States infantry for immediate movement to Key West.
<S> Two companies have been detailed, and private soldiers are un- $>
<?> der orders not to leave the reservation even when off duty. The $>
<$> story became known through some men bidding their friends good- <S>
<§> by and saying that orders to move are hourly expected. Inquiry de- ♦
<S> velops the fact that this order had been expected ever sintfe the riot
<S> in Havana, but it was not received until several days after the <
<S> Maine was blown up. It is understood to have reached here yester- ♦
<S> day. The soldiers who have been detailed for this duty understand '
«> that Key West is not their objective point, but that they are only a ■
<8> small part of a force to be moblized at Key West and held ready for <S>
3> a quick trip to Havana.
<?> It is understood that the officers at Fort McPherson, like the pri- <
<S> vate soldiers, look upon this as a serious move, indicating a purpose <•
& on the part of the War Department to be prepared for any emer- <
<$> gency at Havana. It is learned on good authority that the immense <
<S> fortifications being built at Key West are near completion, and that '<
<8> the Government has been advised that guns may be mounted imme- <
<$• diately. In these works embrasures have been prepared for four ten- <
<S> inch and two eight-inch guns. These are immense guns, fifteen feet ♦
<3> long, and weigh about twenty-six tons each. At Tybee Island forti
<S> fication the Government is mounting the first four eight-inch guns <
<S> which will comprise the battery.
<S> NEW LONDON, Conn., Feb. 22. — At Fort Trumbull Commander <3>
<S> Grugan said he had no information to give for publication. Soldiers <S>
<S> who came to town to-night said an order was received directing Com- 3>
♦ mahder Grugan to have a detachment of twenty men in readiness to <&
<§> move to Key West this week. The men are to be accompanied by «•
<» Lieutenant Cushing and Sergeants Gallagher and Glynn. It is said <S>
<$• the men are to be placed in care of the ordnance and mortars, which <
<S> have been recently been set up at Key West. ■
and is working day and night to flnisn
his work so as not to pay a penalty.
The fact remains that work on the de
fenses is groins on by day and night.
A Cheyenne, Wyo., special to the
Herald says: Wyoming has one regi
ment of infantry and a battery of ar
tillery drilled a,nd equipped, and has
equipments for a second regiment.
Governor Richards has received offers
from all parts of the State of volun
teers in case they are needed to form
a complete regiment, in addition to the
present militia force. He also has
been offered a force of 250 cowboys for
the cavalry service.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22.— Major-
General Snowden, commander of the
National Guard of Pennsylvania, has
issued general orders to every officer in
the State to recruit his command up
to the full quota required by law. The
CTders were issued five days ago with
instructions that they be kept a pro
found secret. The officers were in
structed to have their men ready to
MACHINA WHARF, HAVANA HARBOR.
march fully armed and equipped at
twenty-four hours' notice.
WOUNDED TO BE
SENT TO KEY WEST.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 22.— 1 made a round
of the hospitals this evening with
Chaplain Chidwick. All the wounded
but nine have been sent to the United
States, and these with one of two ex
ceptions will be sent to Key West to
morrow by the Olivette unless Sanitary
Inspector Bruner raises further ob
jection, which is unlikely.
Of the nine now left all are doing well
with the exception of Mack, who is
pre.tty badly injured, but will probably
recover. His burns and wounds are ter
rible, yet he stands the pain bravely
and appears cheerful. All praise high
ly their treatment, but the officers of
the Maine think they would make bet
ter progress in their own country.
The flag found this morning was not
the ship's but only a boat's flag. The
ship's flag was hauled down at sunset
and will nroba'biy be burned.
Divers this afternoon secured the
ship's silver service, consisting of four
presentation pieces. While operations
to-day progressed more rapidly than
before, they are still comparatively
slow, only one light being used. The
diver using this one had one or two
falls to-day and necessarily proceeded
with caution. Reports were made
solely and directly to the board of in
quiry, which positively refused to dis
close anything as yet.
The wrecking tub Right Arm, I am
officially informed, has been ordered to.
leave Key West for Havana immedi
ately with two more divers and addi
tional apparatus. If there is any blame
for the slowness of the proceedings it
is not due to officials here, who are
making most of the facilities at hand.
Leading citizens here agree that if
there has been foul play, which fact
cannot yet be justly Judged, it has not
been on the part of General Blanco or
the authorities in Cuba.
CAN IDENTIFY
THE TORPEDOES.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— An Albany,
N. V., special to the Herald says:
William Ewing, a veteran of the re
bellion, later a first lieutenant in the
United States army, said to be at pres
ent a brigadier-general in the Cuban
army, is in Albany. Of the blowing up
of the Maine in Havana harbor he
sa id :
"The Government can make the best
use of me by sending me direct to Ha
vana to assist in the naval inquiry into
the cause of this disaster.
"If 1 should go I would have to be -
under the protection of the United
States Government, for there are plenty
of Spaniards in Cuba and especially in
Havana who would recognize me. I
would serve the United States by iden
tifying the torpedoes, and the only one?
that could have blown up the Maine, it
it was blown up, and I believe It was.
"Those torpedoes arrived in Havana
with the battleship Alfonso XII, while I
was in Cuba with General Garcia.
The dimensions and all particulars
concerning these torpedoes were
brought to us by one of our men. He
is a man on whom we can rely, and I
can also produce him at the court of in
quiry, providing the United States will
protect him. I could give the numbers
of these torpedoes and other facts, but
it is not proper to do so at this time.
"If these torpedoes are not produced
it is certain that the Maine was blown
up by one of them. I have written to
the Secretary of War and am at his
disposal. He has not answered my let
ter or sent word of its being received.
If he sends to Albany for me I will go
at once to Washington and lay the
facts in my possession before him and
then if needed I will go to Havana."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
America's Greatest
:; Medicine is Hood's
Sarsaparilla because
' • . : No other medicine
Has such a record
Of wonderful cures.
The worst cases of
Scrofula, Salt Rheum,
. Catarrh, Dyspepsia,
Yield to Hood's.
•-. • • • ' — — - — :—: — P — — — — —ji
r>r>TTCIJI?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
KK HIMI Till erB - bootblacks, bath-
yiiuwiiuw houses, v billiard-tables.
' brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, 1 ; canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, : painters, 1 shoe ':. factories, '
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. -.=-»••
: BUCHANAN * BROS., - , .. • •
— V M....t™t,u»,«^flfl Sucp«m>nta 8 t
■■■■.'". '•""nn~nnnir'V"ir'~rriiiiMiii iSTILL THE ORDER OF THE DAY
WAR WITH
SPAIN NOT
PROBABLE
That Is the Officially Ex=
pressed View at
Washington.
An Officer of the Administration
Insists Nothing Has Been
Developed Yet to Show
the Guilt of Spain.
NTEW YORK, Feb. 22.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: Whatever
may be the final conclusions of
the naval court of inquiry as to
the cause of the Maine disaster,
the administration, I am in a
position to state, does not antici
pate any contingency which
would justify the belief that war
with Spain would be the out
come. The authorities all de
clare that the military and naval
preparations now in progress are
n<>t in anticipation of such a con-
■♦■ tlngency. They are solely or a t
■♦■ precautionary character. ♦
While the Maine disaster doubtless
had the effect of stimulating the ad
ministration and Congress to active i
preparations, all that is being done at j
the present time, the officials insist,
is for the purpose of meeting unfore
seen contingencies and with the ex
pectation that increased military and
naval strength will operate to stave off
rather than increase the probabilities
of war.
Up to the present time the adminis
tration officials have been reluctant to
discuss the possibilities growing out of
the Maine disaster. They have taken |
the ground that this country should i
consider the explosion an accident until j
there has been ample evidence to the j
contrary. Now that the public mind j
has sobered down an official in the ad- |
ministration, who is well acquainted
with the President's views of the sub- !
Ject, told me to-day that the time had
come when the Maine disaster and the i
> ivftJrfr Jed to it could and ought
to be dispassionately discussed.
While not having been authorized to
make an official statement, the official
with whom I talked does, I know, re
flect the views of the administration.
i> T e said to me: "All the information at
*i.and, officially and through the medi
um of the press dispatches, does not
justify any conclusion whatever as to
whether the origin of the explosion was
from the inside or the outside. We have
ample evidence, however, that it was
not caused by any act of the Spanish j
Government. There have already been j
public expressions of disavowal and the j
deepest regret and sympathy expressed
by the Spanish authorities in Havana
and Madrid.
"Admitting that the explosion was
due to some exterior agency, it must j
then be determined whether it was ;
caused by accident or design before the
United States can determine the degree I
of responsibility of the Spanish Gov
ernment. The worst possible light that
could be put on the matter would be
that the vessel was blown up by a tor
podo or mine directly under the con
trol of the Spanish Government.
"Under these circumstances there j
would, of course, be strong suspicion {
that those in authority in Havana had j
connived at or actually ordered the I
work of destruction. But in the face !
of the absolute disavowal the United
States would have to have very relia
ble evidence before we jumped to the
conclusion that the deed was a hostile
one.
"There is certainly nothing in all the I
facts and circumstances now generally <
known that would justify the condu- !
sion that any Spanish official was re- !
sponsible for the deed. But for the !
6ake of argument we will admit that j
Work on the powerful battle-ship Wisconsin is progressing rapiily at the Union Iron Works of this city. The Wisconsin is of JJ,500 tons displacement, being of the
Same size and type as thz lowa, Kearsarge, Kentucky and Alabama. She is d signed f:r a first-class modern battle-ship. Within a few months the great vessel will be launched
should the emergency of war ariss the contractors might be able to complete the work of construction in advance of the time appointed. Irving M. Scott remarked yesterday that
no orders had been received from the Navy Department to hasten the work on the ship. The large force of men engaged in building the Wisconsin cculd be increased
should occasion arise for rapid construction.
some Spanish officer, through hatred
for the United States, purposely ex
ploded the bomb which blew up the
Maine. The question now arises, what
form of reparation can Spain make to
satisfy the United States that the act
was not a hostile one? The action of
an individual is not that of a nation
when it is repudiated by that nation,
and an act which would be considered
hostile when done by authority cannot
be so considered when done without au
thority and promptly disavowed.
"The offending nation, however,
would not only have to make ample
reparation in the form of indemnity,
but would have to punish the offender
by death before the injured nation
could accept the disavowal as sincere.
"If an exterior agency caused the dis
aster, we must first show that Snain
did not exercise due diligence in pro
tecting the Maine while in her harbor.
This established, Spain, of course, is
responsible, and the degree of respon
sibility and the measures taken for
reparation would be governed solely
by what evidence can be adduced as to
how Ihfc explosion occurred. I • :in see
no possibility, however, of discovering
anything that will show the act was a
hostile one, sanctioned by the Spanish
Government."
Both the War and Navy departments
were closed to-day. Only one dispatch
was received from Captain C. D. Sigs
bee, commanding the ill-fated ship. It
reads: "Send to Forsythe for Sigsbee
a transverse sectional drawing of the
Maine through the forward 10-inch
magazine and shell room, showing the
pocket coal bunkers."
This telegram is considered signifi
cant by those who believe the vessel's
destruction was due to spontaneous,
combustion in her coal bunkers. Con
servative officials of the Navy Depart
ment believe that Captain Sigsbee's
request is merely for the purpose of
informing divers as to the location of
the magazine and the bunkers.
INGALLS PREDICTS A
TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION.
Believes a Conflict Is Approaching
That Will Change the Map of
the World.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— An Atlanta
(Ga.) special to the Herald says: Ex-
Senator John J. Ingalls of Kansas be
lieves that a general upheaval is near,
when the map of the entire earth and
the frontiers of nations will undergo a
change.
"I believe we are on the brink of the
most tremendous explosion that has
ever been known in the world's his
tory," he said to me to-night as he left
his hotel to lecture in the Grand Opera
House.
"There is a universal crisis at hand,"
he continued. "There are many causes
which contribute to this crisis — the
gigantic armament of the European
powers, the territorial encroachment of
the rival powers in the Orient and in
Africa, the war of the laboring masses
against their own condition and the
accumulation of wealth by the other
class. All are prepared for conflict.
Armies are equipped with the most
modern engines of destruction, and be
hind all this is a great class who look
eagerly for war as an opportunity for
employment and profit. 1 can't but be
lieve that a struggle for readjustment
of frontiers is not far off. We will come
out of it all right, I feel certain, and I
believe that civilization will be ad
vanced, but it will work a change in
the map of the world."
Mr. Ingalls made this prediction in
discussing the situation arising from
the Maine disaster, which he considers
grave in the extreme.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898. ~
The Coast Defense Vessel Terror Off|
Newport News Li£ht.
AN INCREASE
OF ARTILLERY
Senator Hawley Explains
Why It Is Absolute
Necessity.
Coast Fortification Guns
Must Be Properly
Manned.
There Will Be l^o Opposition in the
House to the Bill Passed by
the Senate.
to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 22.
Senator Hawley, in reporting the bill
for the increase of the artillery arm of
the army by two regiments, said: "Thi?
speedy passage of this bill or its equi
valent appears to be an absolute neces
sity. The Government, after long and
careful consideration by those whose
offices and studies qualify them to give
the most valuable advice, has entered
upon the execution of a systematic and
elaborate plan of coast defense. The
progress therein is indicated in extracts
from the annual report of General John
M. Wilson, chief of engineers. Existing
contracts call for the emplacement and
mounting on or before June 30, 189S,
now rapidly approaching, 139 modern
high-power steel guns, ranging in cal
iber from eight to twelve inches; twelve
six pounders and 233 twelve-inch mor
tars, a total of 387."
These are to be scattered, according
to the beat judgment of the engineers
and ordnance officers, from Maine to
Puget Sound, having careful regard to
the relative importance of the positions
to be defended. The great expenditure
will be wasted treasure unless a suffi
cient number of artillerymen, carefully
selected and thoroughly drilled, be as
signed to the care and use of these
costly instruments of defense.
As the works are from week to week
completed the utmost the general com
manding can do is to detail a few care
takers to each station. With the aid
of the actives of the National Guard
and those who have been discharged
therefrom after years of instruction, ef
fective cavalry and infantry could be
collected in a comparatively short time,
but in case, of war short notice would
be given to the men in charge of the
guns on the coast, whose costly ma
chinery requires much mechanical skill
and practice. Men fit to be trusted to
run great engines on our railroads, or
even the ordinary steamers of river
and lakes, cannot be called Into service
at a day's or a month's notice. To
handle, but especially to fire with pre
cision, the new guns require the highest
class of skilled labor. A careful esti
mate of the annual additional expendi
ture required to maintain the two regi
ments is $530,054. But some months will
expire before the regiments can be fully
enlisted and organized, and while the
scale of 'the first year, with its equip
ment, will be very considerably greater
than that of average subsequent years,
it is believed that $450,000, possibly less,
will suflice for the fiscal year 1899. It is
RUSHING THE WISCONSIN.
AMERICANS
ADVISED
TO LEAVE
Copyright, I 80& by James Gordon Bennett
HAVANA. Feb. 22.— Americans
in Havana have been quietly
notified by Consul-General Lee
that It might be well for them
to send their families to a place
of safety. These precautions
were taken in view of the fact
that there is a strong suspicion
that the volunteers — anti-Ameri
can and anti-autonomy — have
been inspired to create trouble
in case the Maine inquiry proves
that the catastrophe was due to
design.
In justice to the authorities in
Havana, I can say that they are'
taking every precaution in their
power to protect all foreigners
alike.
That
scarcely worth while to enlarge upon
the wisdom of establishing the defenses I
of our very extended coast. Successive j
Congresses have vigorously and liber- i
ally asserted it.
To this is added a number of re
ports, including a letter from Acting
Secretary Meudejohn and General
Miles, the latest being a letter from
General Miles, written yesterday, in ■
which he says: "My Dear Sir: Refer- j
ring to our conversation this morning, i
I have the hon'>r to state that batteries j
have been placed in position in new |
fortifications at Portland Head, Maine; i
Grovers Cliff, Boston harbor; Fort
Hancock, approach to Philadelphia; ap- J
proaches to Washington; the coast of j
North Carolina: Charleston harbor; Mo- !
bile. Ala.: Galve"ston, Tex': Fort Bake^\
Cal. ; Fort Point, Cal., and Fort Stev- i
ens, Or. Batteries will also be placed
within a few months on new fortifica
tions at Great Diamond Lake, Port
land, Me.; Fort Constitution, Ports- j
mouth, N. H. ; Long Island Head, Bos- |
ton harbor; Dutch Island, Narragan- |
sett Bay, R. I.; eastern entrance to
Long Island Sound, N. V. ; Delaware !
City, Del.; approaches to Baltimore; j
approaches to Washington; approaches ;
to Savannah, Ga. ; New Orleans; San
Diego, Cal.: entrance to Puget Sound.
Wasn., making in all twenty-six new
seacost fortifications for the defense of
the great cities of the Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific coasts, where fortifications
have been and are being erected and
where artillery is required to protect
and man these batteries. We are send
ing small detachments of men to keep
them in fair condition and protect the
ammunition, but these are not suffi
cient to man said batteries, hence the
necessity for two additional regiments
of artillery is imperative and requires
immediate attention."
There are also reports from General
Wilson and General Flngler, showing
the necessity for the additional force.
It seems probable that the bill which
passed the Senate to-day to create ad- I
ditional regiments of artillery will pass I
the House without much opposition if \
it is reported while* the Hcuse is in its
present temper. The military affairs
committee has jurisdiction over this
bill, and Chairman Hull is now absent
at his home In lowa. No opposition is
likely to be encountered from the ap
propriations committee. Chairman !
Cannon is heartily in favor of it, but
he wants it distinctly understood that
his support is in nowise based upon
sentiment produced by the Maine dis
aster or any idea that the situation is
at all critical.
"I favor the bill," said he to-day,
"because I believe the guns in the for
tifications we are building should be.
manned."
OFFICIALS ARE
MUCH RELIEVED
Recovery of the Cipher
Code and Signal
Books.
Captain Sigsbee Had Been
Instructed to Carefully
Guard Them.
An Official Announcement From the
Maine's Commander That Re
moves Uneasiness.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
is a feeling of relief in official circles
over the recovery of the cipher code
and signal books from the wreck of
the second-class battleship Maine. Of
ficial announcement of their recovery
was contained in a dispatch received
last night from Captain Sigsbee, the
vessel's commander who has placed
them on board the supply ship Fern.
These books will remain in the custody
of the Fern's commander until the re
turn of his vessel to Key West, when
they will be placed under the charge of
an officer and sent to-the Navy Depart
ment.
Appreciating the importance of pre
venting the books from falling into
strange hands, I understand that the
first dispatch sent by Secretary Long
to Captain Sigsbee after the issuance
of orders for the recovery of the dead
bodies of the lost sailors, directed that
the wreck be closely guarded and no
persons be allowed to approach it who
had no business there. The Depart
ment was on tender hooks until the re
ceipt of the information announcing
the safety of the books.
"Had the books fallen into the pos
session of the Spaniards," said a prom
inent official to- me to-day, "the result
would have been extremely embarrass
ing to this Government. Of necessity,
the first step taken would have been
to adopt a new cipher and signal code
and to have distributed them to all the
United States men-of-war in the
world. This would have taken time.
"If war had been in progress during
that period, the fact that our cipher
and signal codes were in the po-ssesslon
of our enemy would have been most
embarrassing to the naval forces of
this country, and the falling of any im
portant ciphers .into Spanish hands
would have naturally resulted in giv
ing them an opportunity to meet any
surprise movement we might have at
tempted." ________________
Cromwell Line Steamers Stop.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A New Or
leans special to the Herald says: New
Orleans shippers are advised that no
more Cromwell line steamers will sail
for this port from New York until fur
ther orders from Washington. The
United States cruiser Marblehead now
here for the Mardi Gras suddenly step
ped receiving visitors about noon and
there was hustle and bustle aboard. It
is reported that she has orders to be
ready to move at a moment's notice.
CRUISER
VIZCAYA
COALED
Due Precautions Taken
to Guard Against
Cranks.
There Will Be No Dynamite Found
in the Bunkers of the Big
Spanish Warship.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— The
Spanish cruiser Vizcaya may
leave New York on Thursday.
She can hardly finish coaling: be
fore that time. Captain Eulate
said to-day he did not know ex
actly when he would sail, and
the Spanish Consul told me last
evening that orders regarding
the ship's departure had not
been received.
Captain Eulate decorated the
ship to-day in honor of Wash
ington's birthday, and received
on board Rear Admiral Bunce
and General Merritt. Three sa
lutes were fired by the cruiser
one of twenty-one guns at noon,
to mark the visitor's observance
of the holiday, and the others
when Admiral Bunce and Gen
eral Merritt went up her side.
Captain Eulate's decision to take coal
on board her in spite of an early an-
nouncement from Spanish sources that
he would not do so was in line with
his assertion when he arrived that ho
was in a friendly port and had no
apprehension regarding the safety of
his ship. Two coal barges towed by a
tug approached the Vizcaya soon after
her crew had breakfasted below, and
by 8 o'clock one was lying to the port
and one to starboard of her, and she
commenced the work of passing up
fuel. Although Tier coal carrying ca
pacity is great, the long run from Spain
to this port had pretty nearly ex
hausted her supply, and as she has a
Tun of several days to Havana before
her it was absolutely necessary to re
fill the bunkers.
Due precautions were taken to ascer
tain that the coal contained no explo
sive and that no crank or fanatic had
approached it. Captain Eulate ordered
the coal through the Spanish Consul.
Senor Baldasano notified the navy-
yard of the arrangements he was mak
ing to supply the cruiser and a guard
boat was kept alongside the coal
barges at Communipaw on Monday
and until yesterday morning, when
they were towed to the cruiser.
This coal was passed up in bags and
baskets and was really subjected to
two inspections before it reached the
ship's bunkers. A lieutenant was sta
tioned on each barge and the men
worked under his direction. Another
officer was stationed on deck, and it is
believed the coal was poured out of the
bags under his eyes.
No one on board the cruiser ap
peared to entertain any fear regarding
an attempt to tamper with the coal.
Indeed, they laughed over the work of
coaling as they have laughed over the
vigilance of the patrol boats which
have surrounded them since the Viz
caya anchored. The work was con
tinued all day, except for half an hour
during the visits of Rear Admiral
Bunce and General Merritt.
The Undine left the navy yard at
halfpast ten o'clock in the morning
with the Rear Admiral, Commander
Gilmore, his senior aid and flag lieu
tenant, Aaron Ward. They arrived
alongside the Vizcaya at ten minutes
after eleven o'clock. A bugle summon
ed for a guard of marines and when
they were lined up. Admiral Bunce as
cended and was received by the Viz
caya's commander, with whom he ex
changed salutes. Mingling witfi the
cruiser's officers. Commander Gilmoro
and Lieutenant Ward followed Ad
miral Bunce and Captain Eulate to the
latter's quarters. The visit was brief,
and after an exchange of courtesies
the admiral went over the side to the
music of "The Star Spangled Banner"
played by the ship's band. The gun
ners manned the secondary batteries,
the admiral's launch moved a few
lengths from the cruiser, a gun sound
ed and Admiral Bunce stood up hold
ing his- cocked hat in his hand until
thirteen reports were counted and the
smoke curled above the flag trimmed
Vizcaya.
Then he donned his hat and the
launch shot away.
General Merritt, commanding the de
partment of the East, arrived a little
later with Lieutenants Hale, Mott and
Strother. He was saluted by fifteen j
guns as he departed, getting two more i
than Rear Admiral Bunce. although
their ranks are really regarded as j
equal.
The crowded ferry boats carried
thousands of visitors to Staten Island
to-day to see the Vizcaya. It was a
holiday crowd, good natured and rich
in comment. Comparing the Vizcaya
with vessels of the white squadron was
the chief amusement. The sightseers
carried field glasses, cameras and
sketch books, and took away matty
pictures of the cruiser. Some of them
were rowed out toward her until the
police warned them off. A party of
ten careless young fellows approached
as near as possible and sang patriotic
American airs for the benefit of the
Vizcaya's company. •
Senor Baldasano, Spanish Con
sul-General, went on board before
noon. As he walked to the
landing: in Tompkinsville crowds of
boys, seeing gold braid on his ha^
followed him, Jeering. He paid no at
tention to the childish demonstration,
estimating it properly as the foolish
ness of children.
The Vlzcaya's flags, of which she
displayed several hundred, were taken
down at sunset, and to-morrow she
will show her ensign at half-mast once
more as a sign of mourning for the
Maine's crew.
When night settled on the bay tha
big cruiser floated at anchor off Tomp
kinsville as if she had been in a mill
pond. The sky was obscured by clouds,
but hardly a breath of wind stirred,
and every sound on board the vessel
could be heard with almost startling
distinctness ashore.
Bugle notes, sounding clear and loud
along shore, called the men to their
quarters at 8 o'clock, and after that
the only signs of life on the -water
were the patrolling launches that
guarded her.
Counsel-General Baldasano was seen
this afternoon and asked if he was
satisfied with the reception given to
Captain Eulate by the representatives
of the nation and city.
"I must be pleased and delighted
with the reception. We received royal
welcome wherever we went," was the
reply.
"It has been said," it was ventured,
"that Mayor Van Wyck did not extend
a welcome to Captain Eulate >when you
and the captain called at the City
Hall."
"That should not be said. We en
tered the Mayor's office unannounced.
He was. busy and his office was crowd
ed with men. He received us cordially,
but we saw that he was busy and we
soon withdrew."
"What do you think of the naval
and police protection given to the
Vizcaya?"
"That is an evidence of the friendly
relations existing between the two
countries that we appreciate. Of
course, we could not and would not
have asked for it, but that it was of
fered is a matter of gratification to aU
representatives of the Spanish Gov
ernment here."
"Do you care to express your opin
ion regarding the explosion that wreck
ed the Maine?"
"Of that I can say nothing more
than that Spaniards here, at Havana
and in Spain are satisfied with the
methods adopted by the United States
Government for carrying on the invest-
igation."
HOURS FOR DRILL
ARE INCREASED.
Begulars and Militia of Missouri
Are Well Prepared for Active
Service.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A St. Louis
special to the Herald says: The hours
for drill at Jefferson barracks, ten miles
south of St. Louis, were increased, but
Colonel Wessels, commanding the post,
states that it has no relation to the
present strained relation between the
United States and Spain. Colonel Wes
sels says that he has received no in
structions fiom Washington. The
hours for athletic driil have also been
lengthened and there is unusual activ
ity at the post.
Colonel Baldorf, commanding the
First Regiment, National Guards of
Missouri, which is located here, says
that the regiment is now full and upon
a war footing and prepared to move
within twenty-four hours. It is fully
equipped for a campaign and is one
of the best drilled regiments in the
country. Several meetings have been
held in the last few days and hun
dreds of men have signed enlistment
papers which were passed around at
meetings, but no denunciatory speeches
have been delivered. General Brad
ley, who led the Illinois coal miners
against the operators, has written to
a local paper stating that he is pre
pared to organize a company and re
port at any point for duty.
EMPLACEMENTS ARE
NOW COMPLETED.
NEW YOJIK, Feb. 22.— A Raleigh.
N. C, special to the Herald says: The
emplacements for three 10-inch disap
pearing guns at Fort Caswell at the
mouth of Cape Fear River are com
pleted. The guns are mounted. The
building of barracks begins at once.
Officers and men are looked for in two
days to man the guns. No one is al
lowed to approach the battery. A bat
tery of regulars will occupy tents until
the barracks are built. A battalion ->f
naval reserves 285 strong is ordered to
meet at Newburg for new inspection
and instruction by Lieutenant P. O.
Butler, U. S. N.
Words of Sympathy.
At a meeting of the members of
Pickwick Lodge of the Sons of St.
George, held last Monday night, the
subject of the disaster on the Maine
was brought up and discussed, after
which the following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved, That the members of Pick
wick Lodge note with deep sorrow the
terrible disaster that befell our beloved
country a few days since in the loss oc
the warship Maine, and whereby so many
of our brave sailors were suddenly hurled
into eternity.
Resolved, That this expression of our
sympathy be sent to the San Francisco
Call.
34
CONGRESS TO STRENGTHEN THE NAVY
WILL BUILD
THE LARGEST
OF WARSHIPS
Uncle Sam to Construct the
George Washington in
One Year.
In Addition to This the Senate
Passes the Bill Providing for
Two More Regiments to
Man Coast Defenses.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 22.
As soon as the reading of the his
toric farewell address of Washington
was concluded by Lodge of Massachu
setts in the Senate t<>-day, Hawley of
Connecticut, chairman of the Military
Affairs Committee, called up the bill
providing for the enlistment of two
additional regiments of artillery for
service in manning the heavy coast
defense batteries which Congress has
provided during the past two years.
Bate of Tennessee objected to the
bill, because it tended to an increase
of the army, to which he said he was
unalterably opposed. He thought that
there were enough troops already un
der enlistment to man .ill the guns
now being provided for by the Govern
ment. He argued that it would be bet
ter to assign infantry regiments to the
manning of these guns than to put
them in charge of raw recruits.
In reply Hawley pointed out that the
strength of the army was really de
creasing in proportion to the inhabi
tants of the country. In addition, he
said. Congress had made large appro
priations in recent years for great guns
for forts and coast defense stations.
Of these guns 139 were guns of large
caliber and delicate mechanism. To
these must be added 232 rifled steel
mortars already paced. or soon to be
placed, in the coast defense stations.
In order that these guns may be prop
erly handled a body of trained men is
necessary. Each of these great war
engines requires to handle it as much
skill as it requires to run a locomotive
or an ordinary river steamer. The War
Department estimates that the 1600
men which this bill calls for will be
np^Fsao' to properly man these guns.
Cockrell of Missouri said he was op
posed to an increase in the infantry
or cavalry arms of the service, but in
this case the country was confronted
by a serious condition. He regarded
it as necessary that the guns provided
by the Government should be properly
cared fnr and manned. For that rea
son he had consented as a member of
the committee to have the bill favora
bly reported.
The bill was then passed, 62 to 4.
The negative votes were cast by Bate
of Tennessee. Clay of Georgia, Chilton
of Texas and Vest of Missouri.
Morgan of Alabama secured the
adoption of the following resolution:
"That the Committee on Naval Af
fairs is instructed to inquire and re
port whether a man-of-war equal, at
least, to any warship in the world, to
be named the George Washington, can
be built, armed and commissioned
within a period of twelve months by
the use of the facilities of the ship
yards, machine shops, mines and for
ests of the United States, wherever the
same are found, and that the commit
tee have leave to report at any time
by bill or otherwise."
The resolution was adopted without
debate.
At 1:30 the Senate went into execu
tive session, and at 4 p. m. adjourned.
SENTIMENTS OF SOME
OF THE STATESMEN.
Senator Morgan and Others Speak
of the Neccessities of
the Navy.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— Tn an in
terview Senator Morgan said to-night.
"In view of the foreign complications
that now threaten us, I assumed that
Congress was willing to be more liberal
with appropriations for the navy and
it occurred to me that this might be a
good time to provide for a new naval
ship to take the place of the Maine. The
new vessel might properly be named
the George Washington and this na
tional memorial day was a very proper
time to introduce such a resolution. It
is singular that none of our war vessels
have been named in honor of the father
of our country. The Navy Department
has very properly named most of our
vessels after the several States, but it
seems to me that there should be a de
parture in naval nomenclature and we
should honor the memory, not only of
our military and naval heroes, but our
illustrious statesmen as well. The in
troduction of my resolution on this na
tional holiday was therefore deemed
an appropriate sentiment by my col
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
leagues. They passed the resolution,
and I have strong hopes that the
Goerge Washington will within a year
be'added to our navy."
Senator Morgan was asked whether.
In his opinion, the destruction of the
Maine would have a tendency to make
Congress more liberal or more eco
nomical in its appropriations for war
vessels. He replied: "It all depends
on the report of the naval court at Ha
vana. If the court finds that the Maine
•was blown up by the Spanish, the
tendency, of course, will be toward a
great increase in our navy, for in that
event war can scarcely be avoided. But
if it appears that the ship was de
stroyed by reason of the carelessness
of our naval officers, many members of
Congress (remembering the disasters
that have overtaken other American
naval vessels) will naturally say What
is the use? We might as well throw
our money into the sea.' "
A leading member of the House Ap
propriations Committee expressed this
view of the matter to-night when he
said to The Call correspondent: "Ip
to date the modern steel-clad battle
ship has only been a peril to herself
I and a holy terror to those on board of
l and inside of her. Except for the one
i naval battle between a Japanese and a
! Chinese cruiser and the little scrim
mage in front of Alexandria, Egypt,
| when the English fleet silenced the
'■ Egyptian shore batteries, the present
I type of steel-clad battle-ship has never
! done anything but blow up or run on
| mud banks or sink at sea or cut up
j some caper dangerous to her crew and
costly to her owner. Moreover, Just as
soon as millions are Invested in these
metal monsters, the type is changed
and more millions are sunk.
"The whole mad struggle for power is
a costly folly. It is folly which we,
thanks to our isolation and the com-
I pactness of our country, can escape if
i we will mind our own business, in our
nwn proper sphere. Yet, despite these
heavy tuition fees in the school of bit
ter experience, a conspiracy is afoot to
annex the Sandwich Islands and start
a grand colonial scheme, throwing
away the greatest advantage we have
possessed as a nation over all others in
our isolation which has exempted us
from maintaining either an army or a
navy of any size."
Congressman Hilborn of California, a
member of the Naval Affairs Commit
tee, believes that the monitor is the
best type of naval ship for harbor de
fense, although, of course, a monitor
cannot carry coal enough for a long
cruise. He says: "The modern battle
ship is purely the emanation of the
human brain. Theoretically this great
steel battleship, weighing 11,000 tons,
protected by heavy armor, a floating
fortress, is a powerful engine of naval
warfare. But what she would do in
action no one knows. She has cost
millions of dollars and carries withiii
her sides hundreds of human beings,
but a little torpedo of insignificant cost
touching her sides would send her to
the bottom with all her precious freight
of human life."
It must not be inferred from this,
however, that Mr. Hilborn does not ad
vocate liberal appropriations to put our
nrmy and navy on a respectable and
safe war footing, but he believes in an
other style of battleship, constructed
on the monitor plan and besides he is
in favor of a Government factory for
the production of our ammunition.
A Congressman who is a strong i^vo
cate of the seamen's bill said: "We
can have no assurance of safety for
our naval vessels as long as they are
manned by crews composed largely of
foreigners. Any one who can read the
list of the dead and of the saved crew
of the Maine cquld not but be im
pressed with the preponderance of for
eigners who composed the crew of the
unfortunate vessel. American vessels
should be manned by loyal Americans.
They cannot be educated in the ap
prentice schools, but must have years
of hard and practical experience, but
under our existing laws the sea offers
no temptation to our youth. The hard
exactions that shipmasters are now al
lowed to impose upon sailors must be
removed by Congress before we will
be able to enlist American seamen for
our naval vessels.
"A seaman is a slave and can be im
prisoned for failing to carry out a civil
contract. He may be flogged and abus
ed. All of this must be remedied by
Coneress. If not foreign sailors will
continue to compose the crews of mer
chant vessels and therefore our naval
ships will also have to enlist foreign
ers, for our naval apprentice schools
do not and will not accomplish the pur
pose intended and must continue to
employ for our naval vessels practical
famen who are under existing condi
tions chiefly of foreign birth. In order
to guard against explosions from inter
nal cause we must have good, loyal
Americans for a crew. I think that the
seamen's bill advocated by Andrew
Furuseth of San Francisco and the Sea
man's Union, and introduced by Sena
tor Frye. will be passed by Congress.
At fcny rate its chance of success is
greatly improved on account of the
Maine disaster."
WILL ENTERTAIN
THE NEW MINISTER.
Woodford to Give a Dinner to Bar-
nabe, Who Soon After
Leaves Spain.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID. Feb. 22.— Minister Wood
ford gives a dinner Thursday in honor
of the new Minister to Washington,
Barnabe, and Saturday his guest sails
for New York, carrying with him the
latest 'instructions of his Government,
the first of which is the necessity of
pushing affairs to an Immediate, satis
factory conclusion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
COMMODORE PHILIP HICHBORN, U. S. N., Chief of the Bureau of
Construction and Repair, Who Will Have Charge of the build
ing of the Proposed Battleship George Washington,
REGULARS ARE
READY FOR WAR
Brave Boys in Blue Want
- a Brush With the
'Spaniards.
Work of Strengthening the
Harbor 'Defenses Goes
Steadily On.
There Is a Prospect That Angel Island
May Be Abandoned as a Mili
tary Station.
Officers and enlisted men stationed at
the Presidio received with delight yes
terday the news that the Senate had
voted unanimously to authorize an in
crease of the army by the addition of
two more regiments of artillery. More
soldiers of this branch of the service
are needed. The force of artillerymen
at the Presidio is not sufficient to
properly man the high power guns al
ready in position. When additional
guns arrive to fill the emplacements
now ready the need of more troops will
be urgent.
The impression that there is a regi
ment of artillery at the Presidio is
wide of the true mark. There are only
four batteries of artillery at this gar
rison and two of these are light bat
teries. The only troops available to
handle the modern guns are Batteries
A and H of the Third Artillery. Bat
tery D of this regiment is at San
Diego; X Battery is at Alcatraz; E is
at Fort Mason; L is at Lime Point
(Fc-rt Baker); M is at Fort Canby; B
is at Fort Monroe and Batteries G and
I are at Angel Island.
Yesterday Battery H was on duty at
the works near Fort Point, where the
modern high-power guns are placed.
Since the recent ordei% from Gen. Miles
directing that extra caution be observ
ed at the forts, the men of the Third
Artillery have not been able to perform
all the duties enjoined. Details for
guard duty have been made from the
First Infantry. The Fourth Cavalry
has supplied mounted patrolmen.
It may be necessary to bring from
Angel Island the two batteries of the
regiment stationed at that post and to
transfer the battery at Fort Mason to
a point near the main works of de
fense. No provision has been made
for barracks at the places where the
Section of the Maine, Showing the Forward
Magazines and Pocket Coal-Bunkers.
troops are most needed. The comfort
able barracks at the Presidio are dis
tant one mile and a half from the ten
and twelve inch batteries of Fort
Point. Tents could be pitched at the
front, and this may become necessary.
It is surmised that the increase of
tke artillery force will bring more
troops of this branch of the service to
San Francisco. It is probable that An
gel Island as a military station may be
wholly abandoned. The fight to pro
tect the harbor and the city must be
made at the heads, and as a final re
sort in the narrow channel between
Lime Point and Fort Point. A hostile
fleet powerful enough to defeat Uncle
Sam's ironclads and battle-ships in an
engagement outside and then run the
gauntlet of the forts on either side of
the Golden Gate channel would soon
siler.ce the Angel Island batteries.
An admiral with the courage and
skill of a Farragut or Nelson might
attempt with a powerful fleet of arm
ored ships to pass the batteries defend
ing the entrance to the -larbor of San
Francisco, but few fleet commanders
would venture upon a movement so
full of peril and with such remote
chance of success. As the works of
defense now stand the fire of six 12
inch guns, five 10-inch guns, sixteen
heavy mortars and three dynamite
puns could be concentrated on a hos
tile fleet. The 12-inch rifles have a
range of ten miles. The mortars and
pneumatic dynamite guns have a
range of four miles.
Apart from these modern guns there
are many effective 15-inch smooth
bores and 8-inch rifles of the old pat
tern. The 10-inch smooth bores, which
were converted into 8-inch rifles, shoot
with remarkable accuracy. Artillery
men cf the United States service have
a great admiration for the converted
8-inch rifles. A soldier of the Third
Artillery at the Presidio yesterday re
marked: "We used to keep a tug
busy setting up targets for these guns.
The projectile goes to the mark with
the directness of a bullet from a small
rifle. The six or eight rifles of this
pattern now lying on the ground near
Fort Point ought to be sent over to
Lime Point and placed near the water
line."
The enlisted men of the Third Ar
tillery believe that a war with Spain
would do the country good. They fig
ure that the regular army could easily
absorb 25,000 men, and this force to
gether with volunteer regiments would
make an army sufficient to whip the
Spaniards in Cuba. It is admitted that
the regiments of the regular army
have not, as organizations, ever en
gaged in battle, although many of
them have been tried under fire during
Indian campaigns.
"If the Spanish troops ever encoun
ter American soldiers they will quickly
understand what fighting means. They
have been bushwhacking in Cuba for
several years, but if American troops
go there they will have to fight in the
open or leave the island. We have the
men and the money to win if we go to
war, and it is now time that foreign
nations understood that Americans
would fight. If we do not have war
over this Maine affair the Spaniards
will think we are a nation of cowards
and offer some other provocation.
Whether war is declared or not the
present war talk will do good. It will
show the country the need of preparing
to fight. We will get more men. more
guns and more ships. This regiment,
the Third Artillery, is ready at any
time for a fight with Spain."
The dynamite guns at the Presidio
are carefully guarded, and no one is al
lowed to enter the compressed air plant
without a permit from headquarters.
The immense guns are covered as a
weather protection. Each gun is capa
ble of throwing 500 pounds of dynamite
a distance of four miles. Three shots
from each can be fired in quick succes
sion.
Recent orders issued by General
Shafter prescribe that on the 20th of
each month post commanders submit
a schedule for the approval of the de
partment commander for such drills
and exercises, including practical in
struction contemplated by orders from
the adjutant-general's office at Wash
ington, as they may deem most neces
sary for their commands for the month
following. These drills must embrace
athletic instruction, preferably such as
may be joined in by the entire organi
zation, as the department commander
deems this more important than ath
letic instruction to a few who show
special aptitude. In this connection at
tention is directed to the "Manual of
Physical Drill," prepared by Lieuten
ant E. L. Butts, U. S. A., and author
ized for the use of the troops by the
Secretary of War. It is contemplated
to have practice marches for all arms
of the service in this command early
in the year. The concentration of the
heavy artillery troops at the Presidio
for practical artillery instruction and
target practice will take place in the
months of May and June. The practice
season for smallarma for the cavalry
in the department of California is an
nounced as follows for the current
year: Revolver practice, March; car
bine practice, April and May.
The cordon of precaution is being
drawn tighter and tighter about the
defenses of San Francisco and the bay,
as the prospect of war grows nearer,
and each day brings some new regu
lation to prevent the possibility of
Spanish agents ascertaining the real
strength of the forces stationed here.
The latest order went into effect yes
terday when mounted soldiers were
sent to guard all the means of entering
the Presidio except the one where the
Union street railway terminates.
All o-f those who tried to enter with
out permits were quietly but firmly
told that such passports were neces
sary and that they must be procured
to enter the reservation. Those who
entered the Presidio by the Union
street line were under constant sur
veillance and were not permitted ti
get beyond the range of vision of the
vigilant guards.
ORDERED FROM
GALVESTON TO KEY WEST.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A Galveston
(Texas) special to the Herald says. To
morrow -will end the visit of the bat
tle-ship Texas and gunboat NtaahTiUe
to this port. The Nashville will pro
ceed to sea directly after breakfast.
She will be followed between 11 nnd 4
o'clock by the Texas. The destina
tion of both vessels is Key West, where
they will rejoin the flag of Admiral Si
card. Beyond that they have received
no orders, or if they have their com
manders have been careful not to dis
close them. Commander Maynard of
the Nashville, when asked how he
fancied the idea of being ordered to
Havana to replace the unfortunate
Maine, evaded the question, answering
it in saying his orders took him from
Galveston to Key West.
San Diego's Fortifications.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 22.— The third 10
inch rifle for the Ballast Point fortifica
tions arrived to-day and will be trans
ferred to the lighter and towed across
the bay to be mounted. A large portion
of the members of Battery D, Third Ar
tillery, are now at the works preparing
to mount the guns and get the battery
into working condition at the earliest
possible date.
O Brlen s patent spring; best and easiest
n?RrfL l ma de; rubber or steel tire..
P Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. ■;■ ,. v - ■--.>-■,-. i ■•.-'■ <r~- ■- - '■ •
HOW SPAIN
BUTCHERED
AMERICANS
Story of the Revolting
Massacre in Cuba
Retold.
Alex Matheson Describes the
" Virginius Affair " and the Pop
ular Clamor at That Time
for War Against Spain.
The present state of national excite
ment over the destruction of the Maine
and the death of more than half of her
brave crew recalls to my mind most
vividly certain events which took place
on the Atlantic shore a quarter of a
centUFj' ago.
To most of the young men of the
present a reference to "the Virginius
affair" means very little. It was, as
events proved, merely an incident in
ous history, and has been given very
little space in the printed records of our
past. To the American men, young and
old, however, who were alive in 1873,
that "incident" meant much, and for a
time it seemed as if the country, just
recovering as it was from the effects
of an internecine war, was to be forced
by her excited and righteously angered
people into a sudden and retributive
conflict with the same kingdom against
which our hearts are now up in arms.
The story can be briefly told: The
Cuban insurrection, begun October 10.
1868, by 128 men under the leadership
of Charles M. de Cespedes, had endured
for just five years of varying fortunes
for the opposing forces, when the
steamer Virginius, a regularly docu
mented American vessel under com
mand of Captain Frey of New Orleans,
was captured by the Spaniards just
outside Jamaica in neutral waters and
the 183 men who comprised her officers,
crew and passengers were made pris
oners of war. Of these unfortunates
fifty-three were executed, or rather,
butchered, almost immediately in the
city of Santiago de Cuba; they were
shot down by a detachment of soldiers,
and their still palpitating bodies
trampled on by cavalry and run over
by military wagons, after which their
heads were hacked off and carried
through the town on spikes.
Such revoltingly cruel acts were In
themselves sufficient to arouse the in
dignation of a civilized country, but
when it was known that 35 of the vic
tims — some of them beardless boys
whose love of adventure alone had lur
ed them from horne — were bona fide
citizens of the United States, a tidal
wave of outraged feeling swept over
the entire land. Though every section
of the country was roused by the news
of the dreadful tragedy the real storm
center was the city of New York. The
headquarters of the Cuban junta were
there, which insured direct and con
stant communication with the unhap
py island, and the fact that a number
of the butchered men were former resi
dents of New York and Brooklyn made
the horror of the affair felt there with
special keenness.
When the news first came it seemed
as if every man in the vicinity of New
York harbor went wild. Business of
all kinds was neglected and the streets
were full of excited men in groups and
crowds, talking together, reading the
bulletins, or listening to the impromp
tu speakers reviewing the situation
and urging the remedy. And the only
remedy that was suggested during
those days of furious and unreasoning
indignation was war. That we could
"whip Spain with one hand tied be
hind us" was the universal opinion
publicly and loudly expressed. Print
ing House Square was packed with
people feverishly waiting for addi
tional details from Cuba and news
from Washington, and the vicinity of
the Herald office, then situated at the
corner of Broadway and Ann street,
was so densely crowded that it was al
most impossible for the omnibuses to
make their way up and down.
Anonymous posters and handbills
speedily made their appearance sum
moning all citizens to a mass meeting
at Cooper Institute, and on the night
appointed that immense hall was
jammed and at least a score of "over
flow meetings" were held elsewhere,
half a dozen being organized in the im
mediate vicinity of the hall. To facili
tate matters all foreigners in attend
ance were segregated and asked to go
to different localities, where they were
addressed by orators speaking their
special language, and messengers were
constantly sent from the main body in
the Institute to these meetings to keep
them informed of all that took place
there.
The outcome of this Immense gather
ing was a message to the President
from the citizens of New York and vi
cinity offering to furnish both men and
money to begin and carry on an ag
gressive campaign against Spain on sea
and shore, and asking only the Govern
ment's sanction.
As soon as this message was sent
preparations for war began~ln earnest
among us. Recruiting offices were
opened In various parts of the city and
provisional enlistment was general. All
classes were represented In the enroll
ment lists, war veterans, professional
and business men, and mechanics and
laborers. All were eager to help wipe
out the insult offered to their country
and avenge the undeserved deaths
suffered by their countrymen.
I was a young fellow then, with a
wide acquaintance In the sister cities.
It took me Just two days to raise a
company of 100 men, not one of whom
was over 25 or was unable to pass a
strict military medical examination.
Captain Thompson, who had com
manded a New York company in tha
civil war, was to be colonel of our regi
ment, and he wished me to- take th*
captaincy of my company, but I felt
that I was neither old enough nor wlae
enough in military matters to fill such
a position and we compromised by my
taking the office of first lieutenant.
Just previous to the Virginius af
fair one of Spain's finest cruisers, the
Arapales, lay up in the Brooklyn
navy-yard for cleaning and overhaul
ing. As soon as there was a rumor
of war the captain was naturally anx
ious to get away, and hurried the
workmen up. fearing that he might be
made a prisoner. The workmen were
strangely slow, but at last even they
were unwillingly obliged to pronounce
the ship ready for sea. Then three
days were spent in looking for a pilot,
but every .one of those useful persons
was found unaccountably busy. At
last one was secured, one of the best
on the bay, and the captain's troubles
seemed at an end. Unfortunately, how
ever, this most excellent pilot who had
never before met with an accident,
awkwardly ran his charge on a hid
den rock, and back she had to go to
the navy-yard for additional repairs,
which it required a whole week to
finish.
During this time the captain, who
seemed to have been of a singularly
suspicious turn of mind, and was
moreover noted as being th*> most vol
uble and accomplished swearor to whom
New York had ever listened, famil
iarized himself with the channel suf
ficiently to take his ship out
and proceeded to do so as soon as she
was afloat again. The New Yorkers
saw him slipping through their fingers
without expressing the least regret and
much friendly sympathy was BhownjL
when misfortune again overtook him.
Just as he was entering East River
after loudly declaring that he never
wanted to see America nor anything
American again, fate or iankee inge
nuity interfered once more. A tug
boat with several barges loaded with
coal for the Williamsburg sugar re
fineries steamed across his path and
three of the barges, afterward ascer
tained to have been bored full of auger
holes, sunk directly before him. It
took days to raise them, for all man
ner of small accidents happened to the
hoisting machinery, much to the loudly
expressed wonder and regret of the
American workmen employed, and all
that time the Spanish captain simply
raved and roared, to the silent delight
of his unofficial but very determined
jailers.
Not until the uncertainty -was over
and war was no longer threatening
was that cleverly caged cruiser, which
would have been, as we all know, a
rich prize in case of conflict between
her nation and our own, allowed right
of way out to the broad Atlantic.
ALEX. MATHESON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An utter collapse.^ "ff*^v
I The man who has al-
! ways been a model of ~^^f^^ h2\*^~^^
j business method and ""*^^/"~*Sj^*
1 dignity — who would as 9
»oon think of putting ~—-Z^ :=::z - '
' his feet on the piano at """^
1 home as on the desk at his office — finally
{ goes to pieces all at once. Bankruptcy—
' with it has come an utter loss of ambition,
I dignity, and health. 111-health is at the
' bottom of it all. Bankruptcy stares in the
i face every business man who neglects his
! health. A man cannot work on forever if
\ he is suffering from brain fag, nervous ex-
haustion, and debility. All these can como
i to the man who neglects to keep his di.
! gestion perfect, his bowels regular and
his blood pure.
Business men everywhere have come to
: recognize Dr. Tierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery as an invaluable remedy. It makes
I the digestion perfect, invigorates the liver,
; restores the appetite, regulates the bowels,
i purifies and builds up the blood, makes the
i flesh and muscles; firm, and tones up the
nerves. It is a business man's medicine.
Thos. J. Torbert, Sr., of Old Springhill. Mar-
! engo Co., Ala., writes- "I want to tell you the
■ good the 'Ojlden Medical Discovery '■ has done
; me. I had erysipelas and eczema. Had suf-
! fered for ei^ht years. ■ I tried all remedies and
: several doctors, "but could get no relief. . I bought
1 a bottle of your ' Goldeu Medical Discovery ' and
tried it. I "used four bottles and a half. It com-
pletely cured me. I have had no symptoms of its
: return. It has been three years since my cure."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
, viser has had a larger sale than any other
j book of this class ever offered the public.
j This book of 1,008 pages with 300 illustra-_ ,
I tions, is full, from cover to cover, of pract{-^%
, cal advice on health matters. This great
i book," in heavy manilla covers, is now of-
! fered free to whoever will send 21 one-cent
j stamps to pay for mailing only.) If an ele-
i grant French cloth binding is desired, send
! 10 cents extra: it cents in all. World's Dis-
; pensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.FRIGHTFUL TERRORS OF SPANISH RULE
DEPLORABLE
CONDITIONS
IN CUBA
Evidence of the Cruelties
Inflicted by Spaniards
Presented.
Senator Morgan Shows That Six
Hundred Thousand People
Have Perished During
the Present War.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 22.
Cuba usurped the place of Hawaii in
the executive proceedings of the Sen
ate to-day and was under consideration
for an hour or more. The proceeding
was based upon a document presented
by Senator Morgan of Alabama as the
result of an interview between himself
and Mr. Koop of Boston, Mass. In
presenting the document Senator Mor
gan said that Mr. Koop was a capital
let who had recently returned from
Cuba after a most exhaustive explora
tion of the island.
Senator Morgan laid considerable
stress upon the importance of the doc
ument, which resulted from a stenog
raphic report of the interview between
Senator Morgan and Mr. Koop. The
document consisted of questions by-
Senator Morgan and replies by Mr.
Koop. The latter said he had been In
forty-three provinces and had spent
more or less time in each of them in
the prosecution of his inquiries.
In no place outside of Havana, he
eald. was any effort made to take care
of the reconcentrados, and he declared
that the people were dying in great
numbers in all places in which they had
been collected together by the Spanish,
both as a result of the cruelty of the
Spanish troops and for the lack of food.
He declared that there was no evidence
in the provinces of a more liberal treat
ment of these unfortunate people under
the administration of General Blanco
than there had been under the Weyler
retrime. and said that the peopie in gen
eral were in just as deplorable a condi
tion now as they had beer, before the
change.
In no case were the concentrados al
lowed to go outside the military posts
to collect food, and while there was
pome effort in certain instances to grow
crops in the immediate vicinity of the
garrisons, these crop areas did not ex
tentl mor»» thrn 500 yards from the
forts. He added that if the people
were allowed to get out they could get
er.'Hijrh to eat to keep soul and body
together, but that when even small
Scrisneß" SCRIBNEfTS ScribnEß'S SCRIBNE* 5 ScmeNE*"* $ p^> nF -Tfjs 11
B^STORYOFTifIHISTCRrorI^HiSroRTOfl 111 H.STORrOfT^ Hi H ti(fio " rft S Wi
l^ilEO STAT2 UNITED sjai£ S "XlTeq STAI^ United srAns^TTEDSTATfS ft fjjj i-n STA | ■
g| VOUJHE I VOLUHEII VOLUME "I VOLUME IV VBI.UHE V * jjjfig
» -^!£^£^ a^cgßMglg
*-|-*HE CALL GIVES ITS READERS ONE MORE
OPPORTUNITY ITS READERS ONE MORE
OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE SCRIBNER'S
1 HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES.
A number of our readers were disappointed by our refusing to ac-
cept their orders after FEBRUARY 18, CLOSING DflY OF H'STORY
CLUB. Wishing to accomroodate our readers we succeeded in roaKing
'arrangements with) the publishers to open another club to-day at a
slightiy advanced price, for fifteen days only.
The class of people wbo subscribed during our last offer are so de-
sirable that we have decided to maKe the payment only ONE DOLLAR
down, balance in nine roonthly payments of $2.oo. each. One-half
roorocco. $1.00 per month roore.
It cost more to maKe this history tban ever was spent on another
history of the United States. Tbe best of authors— the foundation
and plan laid by Willian) Cullen Bryant, text by Sydney Howard Gay
and Noah Brooks, assisted by Edward Everett Hale, E. L. Burlingaroe
(Editor of Scribner's Magazine). M- E. Scudder (editor of the Atlantic),
Rossiter Johnson and many other specialists ; the best of artists, froro
Abbey to Zogbaum: the best of maproakers worKed upon it. It is
thoroughly accurate and scholarly, while at the saroe tiroe it is enter-
taining. It is magnificently printed and bound. No otber worK in
American history begins to compare with It irj respect to illustrations.
It is as perfect in every particular as the great house of Charles Scrib-
ner's Sons could maKe it. That is saying a great deal, but it is true.
$1.00 down, balance in nine months. five massive volumes. 1600
illustrations, 3600 pages. • Tbis is tbe very best edition as guaranteed
by Charles Scribner's Sons.
Call and examine this grand work, or telephone Davis 861, and we
will send a set for examination. I
OUT-OF-TOWN READERS— FuII set will be sent on approval (state
binding preferred) free of expense ; return if not wanted. Do not rbiss
the splendid opportunity ' You will never have another orje.- Address
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
children attempted to go outside of the
guard lines they were shot down as
ruthlessly as if they were enemies in
arms. He said that he had seen women
and children abused by the Spanish
soldiers, and that a favorite pastime
seemed to be to kick the women about
as if they were dogs.
Mr. Koop also devoted considerable
space, at Senator Morgan's suggestion,
to the scheme of autonomy under the
liberal ministry and pronounced it a
failure from one end of the island to
another. He said that business was at
a standstill throughout the country;
that few crops were growing, and that
desolation and ruin stared the traveler
in the face wherever he went. As a
consequence property was much depre
ciated in % alue and the people were
gr?atly discouraged. He said that the
general estimate was that the war had
already resulted in the loss of 600,000
lives, and Mr. Koop himself did not
consider these figures exaggerated.
There was some comment upon the
document by Senators Morgan, Gallin
ger and Mason, but no official action
was taken. Senator Mason said the
statement was no more than he had ex
pected to hear, and Senator Gallinger
declared that the picture drawn was
a deplorable one. He said that two
years ago he had advised that the
United States should intervene to put
a stop to the war, and that every de
velopment since had confirmed the wis
dom of the suggestion then made.
Probably Lieutenant Commander i
Wainwright, the executive officer of the ■
Maine, now assigned in Havana, will
be assigned to the duty of inspecting
the work as it proceeds.
The officers of the two wrecking com
panies to-day said that after the expe
dition was assembled in Havana har
bor a complete inspection of the wreck I
would be made and the exact line of
work determined upon. The facilities
will be ample, and all of the divers will
be able to work at one time in different !
parts of the wreck. Most of the lifting j
will be done by the smaller derrick, j
which is of sufficient capacity for the j
lighter upperworks of the Maine, and
it will take the monster derrick of the
Monarch to lift the huge turrets of the
Maine and the guns mounted within
THE SAX FKATJ CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
TWO OF THE MAINE'S DEAD.
Assistant Engineer Darwin Merritt— Lieutenant Jenkins. *
them. Captain Humphreys stated that
the purpose was not to separate the
big guns from the turrets, but lift
them as a whole.
This will be a tremendous undertak
ing, as the combined weight of each
turret and gun is 166 tons. The Mon
arch can lift 260 tons, so there is an
ample margin of lifting power.
The wreckers were loth to express an
opinion as to their ability to raise the
hull of the Maine. Mr. Chapman and
Captain Humphreys stated that noth
ing but a close personal inspection
would permit a decision on that point.
They are hopeful, however, that the
ship can be brought to the .surface.
The iron barge Lone Star will be used
to receive the turrets, guns and wreck
age, and as fast as loads are made up
she will be towed to the Norfolk navy
yard.
ALMOST WRECKED IN
NORTHERN WATERS.
Narrow Escape of the Steamship
George W. Elder From Seri
ous Disaster.
VICTORIA, Feb. 22.— The Portland
steamer George W. Elder, which put
into Departure Bay for coal to-day, re
ports a very narrow escape from de
struction on her tfip down from,
Alaska. The trouble commenced in the
great storm of Frida- 1 ' night, which was
encountered in Charlotte Pound.
The Elder became unmanageable in
the heavy seas. She was blown broad
side throu-*. Ooletas Channel, between
Vancouver Island and Galiano- Island,
and it was by great luck, added to the
herculean efforts of Captain Hinckle
and Pilots Edwards and Thompson,
that she escaped destruction on the
rocks close at hand, the channel being
less than half a mile wide.
The vessel was so tossed about that
all the passengers and many of the
crew were more or less Injured. A pas
senger named Davis from California
had his wrist broken. E. A. Cassel of
Juneau broke his knee cap. Pilot
Thompson was thrown from his b»Tth
and suffered a broken rib. Officers of
the Elder say that so furious was the
storm that they would not be sur
prised to hear nf serious disaster to
some of the many small craft in the
north.
THE SEA STILL
HOLDS ITS DEAD
Bodies of None of the Clara
Nevada Wreck Victims
Recovered.
Definite Knowledge of the Identity
of the Passengers Yet
Lackiny.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jrXEAU, Feb. 15 (via Seattle, Feb.
22).— There is little to be added to the ac
count of the awful loss of the Clara Ne
vada. Crews of several steamships which
have passecj the: scene of the wreck have
noticed the floating masts, still attached
to the sunken hull, and other wreckage,
but have seen no bodies. Even from
Skaguay there comes no definite news of
the identity of the passengers. It Is cer
tain, however, that A. Benicke of J. D.
Meyers & Co., Portland; Al Noyes of
Juneau and G. B. Saportas of New York
are among those lost.
\V. F. Su;iortas came down from
Skaguay last night. He was the last man
on board of the ship before she left
Skaguay, being there to bid his brother
farewell. George Bach, who saw the
burning steamer frum Seward City, says
the vessel was burning when he lirst- saw
her, and that this must have been after
the explosion. He hung a light out on the
dock and with a companion watched the
burning ship for four hours.
It is now said that the vessel carried
gunpowder, which is based on the fact
that a small box of fuse washed ashore.
The best opinion, however, is that her
boilers burst and that the explosion took
place before the fire. This Is borne out
by the fact that among the wreckage is
a great piece of her deck, a lot of new
chairs and tables and other things that
are not even scorched.
No steps have yet been taken to search
for the bodies, and, in short, outside of
those which may be confined in tne
vessel, the deep snow and wide territory
to be covered make any such enterprise
seem entirely hopeless.
THE WHITELAW PUTS *
IN AT PORT ANGELES.
Passengers Compel the Captain to
Take Aboard a Supply of
Fresh Meat.
PORT ANGELES, Feb. 22.— The steam
schooner Whitelaw put in here last night
107 hours from San Francisco, bound for
L>yea, with IfiO passengers. There was
much dissatisfaction on the part of the
passengers on acccount of the meat
served. It was the original intention of
the Whitelaw to take the outside passage,
but the passengers' compelled the captain
to come here for fresh meat and take the
insiue passage. . The rumors of mutiny of
the Whitelaw's crew were unfounded.
REVOLTING
CRIME OF
WHITE MEN
Dwelling of a Negro
Postmaster Fired
by a Mob.
He and His Family Are
Shot Down as They
. Rush Forth.
Father and Babe Killed and
Cremated in the Burn
ing 3uilding.
THE WOMEN NOT SPARED.
Bullets From the Assassins Maim the
Mother and Her Three
Daughters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA (Ga.), Feb. 22.— A special
from Columbia, S. C, to the Constitu
tion says: The most revo-lting crime
ever perpetrated by white men In
South Carolina was committed at Lake
City, Williamsburg County, at 1
o'clock this morning, when the Post
master, a negro, and his family, were
burned out of their home, the postmas
ter and a babe in arms killed, and his
wife and three daughters shot and
maimed for life.
Baker was appointed postmaster
three months ago. Lake City is a
town of 400 inhabitants, and the negro
population in the vicinity is large.
There was a protest against Baker's
appointment, but it was not a very
vigorous one. Three months ago, as
the postmaster was leaving the office
at night in company with several col
ored men, he was fired on from am
bush, but it was not known that the
would-be assassin was prompted by
other than personal malice.
Since then Baker moved his family
into a house on the outskirts of the
town, where he has also established
the postoffice. Last Tuesday night a
body of men, who kept concealed be
hind buildings and fences in the neigh
borhood, riddled the building with shot
and rifle bullets. They shot high, but
no one was hurt, and it was supposed
that they meant t<> convey a warning.
It was a short time before Senators
Tillman and McLaurin and Congress
man Horton had asked the Postmaster-
General to remove Baker because of
his color, and the request had been re
fused.
Baker did not move his family and
gave no evidence of being frightened.
He felt confident of protection from
Washington.
At 1 o'clock this morning a torch
was applied to thy postoffice and Ba
ker's house. Back of it, just within the
line of light, were over 100 white men
armed with pistols and shotguns. By
the time the fire amused the sleeping
family, consisting of the Postmaster,
his wife, four daughters, a son and an
infant at the breast, the crowd began
firing into the building.
A hundred bullet holes were made
through the thin boarding, and many
found lodgment in the people within.
Baker was the first to reach the door,
and he fell dead just wtthin the thres
hold, being shot in several places.
The mother had the baby in her
arms, and had reached the door over
her husband's body when a bullet
crashed through its skull and it fell to
the floor. She was shot in several
places. Two of the girls had their
arms broken close to the shoulders and
will probably lose them. Another of
the girls is believed to be fatally
wounded. The boy is shot. Two of the
seven occupants of the house escaped
with slight injuries.
The bodies of Baker and the infant
were cremated in the' building. All
mail matter was destroyed.
A Coroner's jury was impaneled this
evening, and it visited the charred re
mains and adjourned until Saturday.
There is general and bitter indignation
expressed everywhere.
Feudner Wins a Match.
SACRAMENTO, Fe.b. 22.-Feudner of
the San Francisco Olympic Club, who
hoius the coast championship, defeated
Stolling of Davisville in a challenge
match at 100 live pigeons this afternoon
for $100 a side. The score was 83 to 75.
The shooting was poor on both sides, as
a high wind was blowing.
TO ABOLISH CANADIAN
PACIFIC DIFFERENTIALS.
Gteat Northern and Northern Pacific
Railways Are Acting in
Concert.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— 1t is now reported
that the Great Northern and the North
ern Pacific roads have joined hands to
bring about an abolition of all Canadian
Pacific differentials and will insist that
to be an indispensable element in the set
tlement of the present transcontinental
rate war. These differentials are at the
bottom of the trouble. They have been a
source of annoyance and friction since
they have been in existence and now it is
claimed the present war offers an excel
lent opportunity of getting rid of them
once and forever. It is urged that there
is really mi reason for their existence.
Any disadvantages to which the Cana
dian Pacific may be subjected In compet
ing for transcontinental business on the
one hand are more than offset by ad% ran
tagres it enjoys on the other.
It may be that all the matters now in
dispute between the roads may be sub
mitted to arbitration for settlement. In
that case the Question of differentials
would have to abide the result, the same
:is all the other matters in dispute. Should
the war be fought out to a finish, how
ever, it is said the two roads named will
insist on the abolition of all differentials.
MEN OF BUSINESS
ATTEND A BANQUET.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 22. -Eminent men
of business disported themselves and had
a gray time at the Chamber of Commerce
banquet this evening. It was the annual
affair of the kind and was given at Jerry
Illich's. There were a number of invited
guests at the festal board, including all
of the local notables.
Dr. Norman Bridges presided as toagt
master. The programme of toasts was
as follows: "President of the United
States," Judge M. T. Allen; "The Mem
ory of George Washington," Rev. Burt
Kstes Howard; "Highways of Com
merce." Senator Stephen M. White;
"Nicaragua Canal," Hon. Thomas Fitch;
"What We Grow in Southern California,"
John P. Francis; "Southern. California,
as It Was, as It Is. as It Will Be. " J. S.
Slauson; "Results of Climatic Influence,"
A. 11. Naftzger; '"The Chamber of Com
merce," W. C. Patterson.
MURDER
AND SUICIDE
A. White Girl Killed by
Her Colored
Lover.
Ethel Gray Shot by Henry Williams,
Who Died by His Own
Hand.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— At 1:30 this
morning Henry Williams, a well
known young colored man, shot and
killed a white girl named Ethel Gray
and immediately afterward commit
ted suicide.
The tragedy occurred at the home of
Miss Gray, at East Sixteenth street and
Fourteenth avenue.
Williams was in love with the girl
;ind has been trying to persuade her to
marry him.
He called last night and spent sev
;ral hours in company with her, and
?arly this morning the people in the
House heard the shots, and, going into
the kitchen, found both bodies dead on
the floor.
.■♦ ■ ■ :
GAME WARDEN NAMED. |
MONTEREY, Feb. 21.— The first game
warden ever appointed for Monterey
County has just been named by the Coun
ty Board of Supervisors and will assume
the duties of his office at once. With the
appointment goes a curious provision,
and one which makes the affair
unique in county annals. The new war-
Jen takes office with the understanding
that should the board at any time con
sider him a superfluous official and re
3uest his resignation he will hand it in.
The game laws have always been kept
In this county and no trouble had over
them until recently, but during the past
year so many complaints have reached
the County Supervisors from persons who
allege that young fish have been taken
from the streams and game killed out of
season, that the Board deemed it advis
able to appoint a warden for at least a
short period. E. H. Godat is the new
warden, and he will hereafter devote his
time to keeping intact in Monterey Coun
ty the California game laws.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tableta. All
Srugrglstg refund the money If 1* falls to cure.
Kc. The genuine baa L. B. Q. on eacb tablet
MAY CAUSE
CHANGES IN
EXPLOSIVES
Obsolete Methods on War=
ships Must Be Mod
ernized.
Circumstances Have Shown, How
ever, That the Disaster to the
v Maine Was Not Due to
an Accident.
"Whether the result of accident or
treachery, the blowing up of the Maine
and the destruction of more than half
her crew will lead to radical changes
in the methods of stowing and guard
ing explosives on shipboard. That a
departure from old-time custom In
this respect is necessary is shown by
the completeness of the Maine's de
struction, and the seemingly unfath
omable cause of it. The advent of high
power guns, enormously increased
charges, greater variety and destruc
tiveness of explosives all combine to
make the modern warship's magazines
something to be carefully constructed
and most scrupulously guarded.
The writer spent a number of years
in the nay and is familiar with both
the old and the new methods of storing
explosives on shinboard, and he does
not hesitate to say t«at considering the
widely different character of ammuni
tion now in use the Ordnance Depart
ment" has not kept pace with modern
requirements in the matter of stow
age and measures for safety. The mag
azines of the Maine were located just
as they were in the old wooden frigates
of fifty years ago, long before torpedoes
were invented— down on the very floor
or "skin" of the ship where they
would receive the first impact from the
force of a torpedo. Add to that the
fact that modern powder for high power
guns is exploded by detonation ur con
cussion and not by contact with lire,
and the danger of locating magazines
in that way is doubly apparent.
If it be true that the Maine was
struck -b>' a treacherous torpedo, and
that that torpedo exploded under the
floor of her forward magazines, there
is no need to look further for the cause
of her destruction. That 58,000 pounds
of powder, going off at one blast, would
leave little of either ship or crew to
tell the tale. -
The rules governing- the care and cus
tody of a ship's ammunition have
changed but little since the old days
of black powder chat a spark might
ignite. The magazines are now a?
then, the holy of holies, into which no
careless or profane foot dare step. In
the old days stores of powder and shell
were not nearly so large as in the mod
ern ships and magazines were smaller.
A magazine which would hold thirty
tons of powder was never heard of on
board the old line of battle-ship.
But In the case of their smaller stores
the old Benbows were ever vigilant,
and some of their precautions against
danger would seem absurd in these
days. For instance, nobody was ever
permitted to enter the ship's magazines
except the captain, his executive offi
cer, the officer of the deck for the time
being and the gunner and his mates.
A marine sentry was posted on each
magazine night and day. "Whenever
it was necessary to open the magazines
either for inspection or to perform
work in them, such as shifting powder,
filling cartridges or shells and making
"primers," it was an occasion of cere
mony.
First, a red pennant was run up at
the mizzen-yard-arm as a warning to
all boats to keep away. Every spark
of fire in the ship was put out, every
"glim" was "doused,'' every pipe ex
tinguished; even the cook's galley and
officers' ranges had to have their fires
extinguished. When certain that these
preliminaries were attended to the ex
ecutive officer called upon the captain
for the keys. The marine officer posted
a corporal's guard at the cockpit hatch
way to keep everybody away. Then,
with the gunner and his mates at his
heels, the executive officer would open
the magazine to be entered. Before
anybody could go in, however, he had
to remove his shoes and put on felt
slippers; he had also to take from his
pockets every metal article he might
have in them. The magazines were
lighted by heavy bullseye lanterns on
the outside of the magazine bulkheads,
the bullseyes shining through round
holes in the bulkheads. To this day
magazines are lighted in the same way,
the only change being the substitution
of electricity for whale oil.
Most of these old-time precautions
are still in force, though modern pow
der being no longer susceptible to
sparks the rule of extinguishing all
fires and lights when a magazine is to
be opened is somewhat relaxed.
The destruction of the Maine will
lead to another elimination of danger
in our big battle-ships. It will put a
stop to the carrying of gun cotton on
shipboard. When the news of the
Maine disaster first reached the naval
officers who are familiar with the
treacherous nature of this explosion, it
was feared at once that gun cotton
was the guilty agent. When it became
known that there were two explosions,
a lesser and a greater, conviction was
certain that an explosion of inflam
mable gun cotton, spontaneously set
off, had, by the force of concussion,
set off the whole 58,000 pounds of
brown powder in the forward maga
zine. This was by no means an im
probable thing, and the conviction was
strengthened when a longitudinal
section of the ship being published
showed that the smaller gun-cotton
magazine abutted upon the top of the
quarter magazine, with only a five
eighths steel bulkhead between them.
Rear-Admiral Belknap was so im
pressed with the gun-cotton theory
that he inveighed in the strongest
terms against that element in a ship's
equipment, and declared he would
never take a ship to sea with an
ounce of gun cotton on Board of her.
Gun cotton is said to be safe when
constantly kept wet, but when dry it
is apt to explode if you look at it
crosswise. As its only use on board
ship is to fill torpedoes, and as most
I of the big ships are being stripped of
their torpedo equipments, the days of
gun cotton on shipboard are probably
numbered. As for the Maine, the gun
cotton theory of the first explosion is
now declared untenable, because th»
gun cotton is said to have been stored i
in the after part of the ship, and there
fore uninjured.
Reports from Havana are so con
flicting and confusing that it becomes
each day all the more important that
certain easily ascertainable facts
should be made known. The officers of
the ship certainly know where the gun
cotton was stored and how much of it
was on board. The heated coal bunk
er theory could also be promptly dis
posed of if Captain Sigsbee would in
five words say whether his coal supply
was anthracite or bituminous. As a
matter of fact it was anthracite, and
who ever heard of spontaneous com
bustion in an anthracite coal bunker?
The Spanish theory of a hand grenade
never amounted to much, but it could
be quickly disposed of if Captain Sigs
bee would tell whether he had such ex
plosives on board the Maine. As a
matter of fact it is very doubtful, for
hand grenades long since ceased to
figure in a modern ship's equipment.
The captain himself admits that while
lying in Havana harbor he took the
precaution to have some fixed ammu
nition brought on deck, ready for use
by the light guns of the secondary bat
tery in case of quick emergency. Two
of these light rapid-fire guns were in
the fore military top, and it is possible
that a charge of ammunition might
have faller out of the top down to the
deck through an open hatchway, ex
ploding somewhore near the magazine,
but then it is hardly conceivable that
fo light an explosion would have set
off the greater mass. The latest re
ports from Havana are to the effect
that the magazines of the Maine were
not blow up at all, though h<uv that
fact can be known just now is not re
vealed.
HALF-CENTURY
OF WEDDED LIFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 22.— At their beau
tiful home on the corner of Beaver and
Cherry streets here this afternoon was
celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of the
marriage of the Rev. and Mrs. J. L.
Eurchard of this city. The house had
been elaborately decorated by loving
hands, the predominating colors being
the golden yellow of jonquils and lilies,
interspersed with the buttercups of the
field. Here, surrounded by all their
family and by their children's children,
they met the hosts of friends who came
with well wishes.
Those of the family here to attend the
celebration are: Dr. and Mrs. J. S.
Burchard and their daughters, the Misses
Abbie and Ruu., of Oakland; ex-District
Attorney and Mrs. D. S. Burchard of San
Jose and their daughters, the Misses
Marcie, Mary and Ethel, and their son.
Master Ernest Burchard; Mrs. D. S.
Burchard's mother. Mrs. R. McComas;
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Twombley and Miss
Cora Twombley of Oakland. Mrs.
Twombley is a daughter of the Rev. and
Mrs. Burchard.
Fifty years ago to-day in Benton
County, Missouri. Miss A. L. Heath and
John Li. Burchard were married. In 1860,
with their family, they came to Cali
fornia, and have resided in Sonoma and
Mendocino counties ever since. For many
years Mr. Burchard has had charge of
the Indian agency at Ukiah, but his homo
is in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Use
To Worry
Soor your DESK
Buy a new one — a good one. When
you decide to, just come to the big es-
tablishment at 750 Mission street,
with its south-of- Market-street little
prices on the finest line of desks in
town, and see how easy it is to be
suited.
And before you leave we can
show you some great, sur-
prising bargains in Carpets,
Linoleums and Floor Cover-
ings.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St. )
56
WEDNESDAY ...FEBRUARY 23, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts, & F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson straet
Telephone Main 1871.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY^ t»
icrvcd by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week By mail $6 per year. p«r montn
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ■■■■" *» Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WA6HINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlftfc* Hou«>
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street. «orner C\af
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock. 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 62! MoAlllster street open until 9:33
c'clock- 615 LarKlo street: open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
S o'clock.- £518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
iO6 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. '505 Polk street
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
ot)d K«ntucky streets: open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bostonlaus.
California— Blac* Pattl Troubadonrs.
Columbia— "Shall We Forgive Hor."'
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt."
Morosco'B-"T!ie Last Stroke."
ITlvoli— "The Vice-Admiral"
Tlvol!— Concert Thursday afternoon.
Orpheuci— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chiquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club— Races at Ingleslde to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton & Eldridtfe-This day, February 23, Turkish Rugs,
at 826 Sutler street at »:S0 and 8 P. M.
Oriental Rugs— This day, February 23, at 231 Sutler street,
at 2 ami 8 p. si.
By Frank W. Butterfleld -This day, February .23, Groceries,
at;3vH Fourth street, at 11 o'clock.
By Emil Cohn— This day, February 23, Groceries, at .13
L&rktn street' at 11 o'clock.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
f<Sf> Market street, at 13 o'clock.
By Madison 4 Burke— Thursday March 3, Real Estate.at 626
Market street, at 12 o'clock. ,^_^_.— ■««-«■«■.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR CALIFORNIA.
£3 S reported to the House on Monday the sundry
/ \ civil appropriation bill, while not wholly sat
• isfactory, has many features that will be grati
fying to the people of California. It does not appro
priate for the State all that we asked, or all that we
have a right to expect, but it provides for many im
portant public improvements, and some of these are
among the works the people of the State have most
desired.
The most notable feature of the bill so far as it
affects California is the appropriation of $400,000 lor
work at San Pedro harbor during the next fiscal
year. This is especially gratifying because the fight
against that improvement has been so strongly and
so successfully waged in the past that doubts existed
in many quarters whether some new plan had not
been devised by the opponents of San Pedro to still
further delay it.
The large appropriation recommended for the work
seems to put an end to the long contest over the is
sue. It is one of the most signal triumphs the people
have won over the opposition of the Southern Pacific
Company and will have in the southern part of the
State something of the effect produced in the San
Joaquin by the construction of the Valley Road. It
is a step toward emancipation from the monopoly,
and is significant of the increasing power of the peo
ple and the diminishing prestige of a corporation
which a few years ago was considered all powerful
throughout the commonwealth.
Among the other items of the bill are appropria
tions for Oakland harbor. $133,000; for buildings in
San Francisco, $500,000; for the establishment of tele
phone connections between lightship and lighthouse
at Point Arena, $860; for fish culture stations at
Baird and Fort Gaston, Cal., $4620; for enforcement
of the Chinese exclusion act, $100,000; for surveys and
resurveys of the Pacific Coast, $54,400; for surveying
and temporarily marking a portion of the eastern
boundary of the State of California, $10,000; for con
tinuing work on the wall at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, $5000; for defraying expenses of the California
Debris Commission, $15,000; expenses of Soldiers'
Home at Santa Monica, $25,000.
There is missing from this list the much desired ap
propriation for the improvement of the Sacramento
end San Joaquin rivers. That work is in many re
spects the most important we can expect of the Fed
eral Government in this State, and as the completion
of it will require years of time it is to be hoped the
beginning will not be long delayed. It may be pos
sible to .get an amendment making the appropriation
while the bill is under consideration in the House,
but, failing that, the contest for the measure should
be organized with greater force than ever. We have
won the fight for San Pedro by sticking to it, and we
can win that for the rivers by the same tactics.
Having collected from the people of San Francisco
$7000 ostensibly for the families of the firemen 'who
perished at the post of duty during a recent fire in
this city, the Examiner holds on to the funds and
stands a lawsuit rather than give them up. This is
working charity according to the law of the profits of
a slot machine.
The action of the Supervisors in this city on the
question of water rates for the ensuing fiscal year
was not in itself particularly gratifying, but when con
sidered in connection with the situation of the water
problem in Oakland and Los Angeles it is almost
worthy of commemoration by a brass tablet in the
City Hall.
At the time it made a donation of cheap sheepskins
to the sailors of the Bear the yellow journal explained
that a portion of the cost was defrayed with money
taken from the so-called charity baseball fund, and
now it looks as if the remainder had been sneaked -out
of the firemen's fund.
Jefferson County, Washington, complains of a lack
of school manns, but there is reason to suspect that
what the fellows up there are aiming at is not to get
young women to teach children already in the county,
but pretty girls to marry and set to raising more chil
dren.
Zola may not succeed in proving that Dreyfus was
not justly convicted", but he has already shown very
clearly that the French Government cannot assure
anybody a fair trial when the Parisian mob is aroused
and demands a victim.
If any proof were needed of the truth of the state
ment of Councilman Rowe of Oakland that the water
resolution adopted on Monday night was "an insult
to the council," it would be found in the alacrity with
which the majority took it.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
SENATOR WHITE'S RETIREMENT.
1--HE announcement that Senator Stephen M.
White has determined to retire from public life
and devote himself to the practice of his pro
fession will be received by the people of the State
generally, irrespective of party politics, with regret.
Mr. White is one of the ablest Derryocrats California
ha 9 ever produced. When not acting as a partisan
his services to the commonwealth in the Federal Sen
ate have been exceedingly valuable. The people can
not fail to feel the loss of a man in Congress whose
ability and experience were destined to cause him to
play an important part inthe history of the nation.
Now that Senator White is about to retire from
active politics it is appropriate that a Republican
newspaper like The Call should pay him a compli
ment, especially when it can truthfully say that he
reached the high office of United States Senator with
out corruption or compromise. He has sat in the
upper house o[ Congress for six years as an inde
pendent man — a most extraordinary position for a
lawyer without fortune to occupy among the mil
lionaires and corporation attorneys who ornament
that chamber.
From a political viewpoint Republicans may rejoice
that Senator White has retired; the disappearance
of such a man from the Senatorial field ought to
make the election of a Republican Senator easy.
But we doubt whether in all except partisan matters
it will be possible to improve on him. He was, in
fact, though to our mind wrong in politics, an ideal
Senator for the State.
Mr. White's retirement is attributed to the inade
quate compensation paid a Federal Senator. He
says he cannot continue in office without abandoning
his law practice, and he cannot live comfortably and
ieave anything behind for his family upon $5000 a
year and mileage. The moral of this should not be
lost upon the public. Here is an independent, able,
conscientious and self-respecting man who is prac
tically driven out of the public service because it does
not afford him a living. Were Senator White to en
gage in business schemes and represent corporations
in Congress doubtless he could speedily get rich; but
he will not do that. Hence he is driven to withdraw
from the Senate in order that he may procure a fair
return for his services.
It ought to be perfectly plain to the most superfi
cial observer that the compensation of which Sen
ator White complains can ultimately produce but
two results, viz., filling the Senate with millionaires
and ignoramuses. Doubtless there will always be
plenty of men glad to accept senatorships ht $5000
a year, but such men will ordinarily make worthless
Senators. Millionaires usually possess some ability.
But suppose the crop of millionaires runs out? What
will become of the Federal Senate?
THE FREE-SILVER MANIFESTOES.
WE have reviewed the statements made by the
leaders of the three free silver parties. We
have fairly sought out and individualized the
classes, and the interests attacked and devoted to
destruction by these perfervid documents. Their
authors and supporters must now show how the
people and the country are to be benefited by de
stroying the interests they attack.
If the 159,000 depositors in the savings banks of
this State are killed as "traitors" or exiled as
"Tories," and their property is taken from them, who
will be helped by it? Will it bring another day's work
to any laboring man, or add a penny to his wages?
If the insurance companies are destroyed and
made incapable of drawing interest or paying losses,
will it bring prosperity to anybody, will it add to the
food, comfort, shelter or wages of the laborers, or to
the happiness of anybody? In one of his campaign
speeches Mr. Bryan said he could prove that the fire
and life insurance companies take in more money
in premiums and interest than they pay out for losses.
But who would insure in them if they did not?
Suppose his theory put in practice and their power to
pay losses destroyed, what could cause more suffer
ing and distress? Countless thousands of affection
ate and prudent men have insured their lives for the
benefit of the women and children of their families.
Every hour of the day some man dies who leaves life
insurance for the protection of his family. The mind
cannot conceive the loss and suffering if the insur
ance companies were destroyed in the anarchist as
sault proposed by the three parties which are making
this hysterical appeal.
Suppose, again, that the whole fabric of commer
cial credit is crumbled in a common wreck by the
success of this attack on the commercial banks, who
would be helped by it? Can any laboring man
demonstrate that he would be better off?
In the place of all these interests, institutions and
practices of business, which are to be destroyed as
enemies of the popular welfare, these politicians pro
pose to put the free coinage of silver at 16 to i. In
what way can it substitute them? How can it restore'
their own to the 159,000 savings bank depositors in
California? How can it replace their small invest
ments to the stockholders in building and loan as
sociations? In what way will it restore the credits
required by ship builders and the promoters of the
large wage paying enterprises of the country? Can
they point to any free silver country in the world
where enterprises nre more active and profitable,
work more plenty and wages better, or as good, as
here? Is it not plain that if there were such a coun
try emigration would be flowing from here there?
As a matter of fact we go to great expense to shut
out and turn back from our shores immigrants from
the greatest of the free silver nations to protect our
own wage earners from the lower standard of life
which enables these immigrants to exist upon less
and therefore for lower wages.
These politicians are seeking power by threaten
ing to use in a way that will bring distress upon
the very classes over whose condition they pretend
to agonize. Their proposition is so full of danger
that the thoughtful patriotism of the country will
combine against and defeat it.
The attention of Bateman Brothers is respectfully
called to the fact that the energetic citizens of Bernal
Heights, feeling the need of a public hall, built it
in one day. Bateman Brothers are said to have a
contract for erecting the Hall of Justice. It would
be cheering if they were to absorb the Bernal Heights
spirit. At the rate they are progressing the estimate
of the non-professional observer would be that to
carry out the terms of such a contract the Batemans
w^ould have to keep on at their present gait: for at
least a thousand years.
The contrast between the orderly transaction of
business by Congress during this administration and
the disorderly racket that prevailed in Cleveland's
time is worth noting as an evidence that when we
have a statesman at the White House we have state
craft at the Capitol, and when we have a freak at the
head of affairs we must expect a menagerie of
cuckoos and wild colts.
THE WATER SCANDAL IN OAKLAND.
THE manner in which the water rateo for the
coming year have been fixed in Oakland and the
circumstances under which the job was done
constitute one of the most serious municipal scan
dals of the day. The very swiftness with which the
work was accomplished is an evidence that it was the
outcome of a scheme that could not bear the light of
examination and discussion.
A resolution fixing water rates was submitted to the
City Council some time ago and passed to print.
That measure had been duly considered and in the
main was fairly satisfactory as it provided about the
same rates as now prevail. Suddenly on Monday
night the new ordinance was introduced which ma
terially raises rates on all classes of consumers of
water, and without debate, without a pretense of
time for consideration, the new measure was adopted
by a vote of six to five.
A peculiar feature of the proceeding is the part
played in it by the newly appointed member of the
Council, Mr. Woodward. This gentleman was sup
posed to be on the side of the people, but his prompt
action in voting for a raise in the rates has naturally
raised a suspicion that he was fixed by the companies
beforehand, and that the retirement of Councilman
Fibush to make way for him was part of a pre
arranged plan.
Such, at any rate, is the impression produced on the
minds of some of the Councilmen themselves, for as
soon as the vote was announced Councilman Girard
is reported to have said: "Now our eyes are opened.
When he was appointed last week the new member
stated in the public print that he was for the people
and had no strings on him. We now see what people
he meant. We can now see why Mr. Woodward was
appointed."
The new ordinance was carried through so rapidly
the members had no time to consider the full extent
of the proposed raise. As soon as it was introduced
it was referred to a committee and was then reported
back within five minutes. As the resolution com
prised about twenty pages of type-written matter the
committee could hardly have had time to read it
much less digest it before reporting it. The newly
appointed Woodward, together with W. W. Watkin
son, constituted a majority of the swift working com
mittee and reported in favor of the resolution, while
the remaining member, Mr. Upton, was allowed no
time to make an adverse report further than what was
required to write "I emphatically dissent."
It is estimated that the new rates will allow the
water companies a revenue equal to 12 per cent on
their investments. The increased tax falls on the
water supply everywhere, from hydrants used by the
c:ty to the tubs of private houses. It is an act of
spoliation as sweeping as it was sudden. It is not to
be wondered that the consummation of such a job
should have roused the indignation of good citizens
and that Councilman Rowe should have protested
against it as an "insult to the Council."
It is gratifying to learn that the City Attorney con
siders the vote taken under such circumstances to be
illegal. The people of Oakland should certainly
make a determined and persistent resistance to such
an outrage as this. It is about as insolent a job as
has ever been worked out in the face of the public in
the history of California. Oakland ought to find some
means of defeating it. and also some means of punish
ing the jobbers that designed it.
TRAVELING LIBRARIES.
AN article in the current number of the Ameri
can Monthly Review of Reviews gives an in
teresting account of the work and present ex
tent of the traveling library system in the Eastern
States where it has been adopted. The facts cited
show that the system has supplied an urgent need
of American life, and its operation is expanding with
remarkable rapidity.
At the present time the system is in oper
ation on an extensive scale in New York.
lowa, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. It has
also been adopted by some of the. larger rail
ways of the East for the benefit of their employes,
and it is said the circulating library of employes of
the Baltimore and Ohio is perhaps the most impor
tant institution of the kind in the world.
The eager demand on the part of the rural popu
lation of the country for such advantages as are af
forded by the system is proven by statistics showing
the rate of expansion. The first appropriation for
traveling libraries was made in New York in 1892,
and in that year forty-six such libraries were sent out!
In the second year 139 libraries were necessary to
meet.the demand, and last year no less than 447 were
circulated. To supply these libraries the State has
36,000 volumes, which are circulated in sets of from
50 to 100 volumes each.
In other States the system is not so extensive as
in New York, but in all of them it is growing. Mich
igan is now circulating 100 libraries of fifty volumes
each. lowa circulates fifty libraries and there are ap
plications on file for 200. In Wisconsin the move
ment was started by the munificence of a private citi
zen, and to this day the State has made no appropria
tion for it, but nevertheless upwards of 100 libraries
with a varying number of books are being circulated,
and there is a demand for more.
It is significant of the importance of the work that
a demand for libraries has been found in localities
where the people were supposed to be wholly indiffer
ent to literature or incompetent to profit by it. An
instance is cited of a hamlet in Wisconsin made up
of a railway station, a store, a blacksmith shop, a
saloon and a dozen houses. The people were of the
kind called "tough" and the young men generally
found their amusement in getting drunk. The store
keeper agreed to keep a library and circulate it, and
the result soon showed that the people of the com
munity appreciated the advantages offered. The
number of books called for at the place soon ex
ceeded that required for several other communities of
equal size that were considered much more cultured.
The topic is one of timely interest to California.
Our State is so sparsely settled that thousands of cul
tured people live remote from cities and have few or
no advantages in the way of books. At the same time
the State has at Sacramento one of the largest and
best State libraries in the Union. This library is
maintained at the expense of all the people of the
commonwealth, and yet it is of benefit under present
conditions only to the residents of Sacramento or to
those who visit that city.
Why not put a large number of the books belong
ing to the people into circulation so that all may have
some benefit of them? Why not be one of the first
States of the Union to adopt the traveling liblary
system instead of waiting to be one of the last?
Officers of the War Department who explain that
the recent orders which have caused activity at every
army post "have no significance" not only waste
breath and time, but produce in the minds of hearers
an inclination to cry "rats!" which, being vulgar, is
something the department has no right to encourage.
THE MUSTANG AND THE SHIP
THERE are some things of the sea
apparently not mastered at the United
States Naval Academy and one is
how to dock a ship without plunging
somewhat into the appropriation for re
pairs. Charitable people have explained
that a naval vessel being designed and
built for destroying purposes is true to
her calling and election by trying to rip
up everything she falls in with, and no
commander, unless he runs her into a
strawstrack, can prevent confusion and
disaster.
This theory will hardly bear the wear
and tear of time and practice. The United
States steamer Marion during her last
cruise acted unusually contrary. She tried
to kick the gates out of every drydock she
entered and rubbed the planking off every
coal wharf she was moored at. Yet after
she was turned over to the Naval Re
serve she came meekly down from Mare
Island and let Captain Louis H. Turner
dock her at a Folsom-street pier without
losing a fleck of paint from her flanks or
chafing a splinter from the dock. She
then snuggled up to the structure as
though it were home to her.
There is one naval vessel that was re
cently docked without disaster— the Phila
delphia, and the navy officers at Mare
Island wondered. Her commander was Ne
hemiah M. Dyer, now commanding the
COLLECTED IN
Fred Russell, an extensive lumberman
of Portland, Or., is stopping at the Grand.
Raleigh Barcar, the well-known news
paper man of Vacaville, is staying at the
Lick.
Hon. J. P. Diggs, the prominent capital
ist of Woodland, is registered at the
Baldwin.
W. H. t'leary Sr. of Stockton, one of the
owners of the great Sheep Ranch mine,
is at the Lick.
Colonel J. H. Droste, a successful trav
eling man from St. Louis, is one of the
arrivals at the Baldwin.
Lieutenants V. Diaconoff and B. Cha-y
kosky of the Russian imperial navy are
at the Occidental from St. Petersburg.
Captain J. F. Smith of the City of
Peking can be found at the California
during the time that his vessel is in this
port.
F. A. Nash of Omaha, who was re
cently appointed* vice-president of the
'Union Pacific, is registered* with his
daughter at the Palace.
Michael Cudahy, the millionaire of Chi
cago, is stopping at the Palace with his
son, E. T. Cudahy. The gentlemen will
combine business with pleasure while
they are on this coast.
Major and Mrs. M. A. Darling, who
have been away for three months touring
the Orient, are guests at the Occidental.
They are accompanied by Miss Hastings,
and on their way back the party stopped
at the islands and were hospitably enter
tained.
Joseph Dow and George I. Wheeler of
Deadwood, Cal., and George E. Pitts of
Sisson, three mining men, are at the
Grand, and are making preparations to
go to Alaska for the purpose of getting
some of the gold that is reputed to be in
that country.
Colonel James M. Moore, assistant
quartermaster-general, U. S. A., and
chief quartermaster. Department of Cali
fornia, will leave for San Diego barracks
this week to make a thorough examina
tion of the buildings at that post. Colonel
Moore has been identified with the army
for the past thirty-seven years and is
recognized as one of the most efficient
officers of the quartermaster's depart
ment. The colonel has charge of all con
struction at the Presidio.
D O The court of the
O Palace Hotel pre-
O sented an ani
o mated scene of
military brilliancy
for an hour yes-
O terday afternoon.
AN HOUR
WITH THE
COLONELS.
OOOOOOOOOC owing to the pres
ence of the Governor's staff, which had
assembled there pursuant to an order of
Adjutant-General Barrett, as they, to
gether with Governor Budd and Mayor
Phelan, had accepted an invitation to
visit the Mining Fair. The order read 1
o'clock, but the six carriages did not
move until 2, and the lieutenants, colonels
and majors whiled away the dreary hour
of waiting by indulging in good-natured
railery and innocent badinage at the ex
pense of each other.
Lieutenant Choynski, in commenting on
the variety displayed in the military uni
forms of his associates, said: "Some are
wearing campaign hats because they look
better in them, while others wear fatigue
caps for the same reason, and I am one
of the others. Each man is uniformed
according to his own sweet whim, caprice,
age or physical condition. Look at Colonel
Sanborn, who has no cord on his hat and
is wearing tan shoes and gloves, while
Major Klrkpatrick thinks he is going to
a social function in the Maple room,
judging from his cotillon overcoat with
silk lapels and his white kid gloves."
Colonel Pippy was accused of wearing
Colonel Kowalsky's military overcoat,
which had wofully shrunk from fre
quent campaignings, but Pippy denied the
soft impeachment.
Colonel Andrews was resplendent In his
gorgeous military costume, but he be
wailed the fact that it hid from view a
diamond stud of huge dimensions which
he wore on his immaculate shirt front,
and he finally concealed his handsome
proportions in an Inverness coat of the
latest cut.
Just as the party were about to start
an Italian image vendor came up and
offered for sale two plaster-of-paris
busts, one of Christopher Columbus and
the other of George Washington. In a
spirit of fun Colonel Chadbourne, who
had become impatient at the long delay,
picked up the bust of Columbus and
dashed it to pieces on the ground. The
Italian gazed ruefully at the broken frag
ments, and then with a quick movement,
as if impelled by a sudden idea, threw
the other bust down to join its shattered
companion, saying: "Georga Washa, he
go broka, too." It was whispered that
the colonel also went broke settling the
damage, but the truth of the rumor
could not be confirmed.
CALIFORNIANS IN .NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— R. B. Mott of
an Francisco is at the Hoffman House.
Baltimore, who first saw the light of day
through a Cape Cod fog about the density
of goose down, and when an iron-hard
gale of wind was trying to drive the
whole Atlantic into Massachusetts Bay.
Nehemiah picked up sea lore around New
Bedford, Martha's Vineyard and on the
Banks where the fat cod doth make its
habitat, and drifted into a Federal gun
boat when rebellious guns were booming
along the south seaboard. He was a fight
er from *way-back — in Massachusetts —
and was commissioned acting master in
'62, coming up the ladder of grades to
commander, his present rank. Captain
Dyer is not beloved by many of the
younger officers of the service on account
of his severity in matters of discipline. A
biting Cape Cod breeze begins to blow and
the sea to throw up whitecaps when Skip-
per Dyer comes on deck. There is a glanc
ing around by the young men on duty
for stray ropeyarns hanging from a rat
line or a piece of running gear not hang
ing properly on its pins. This, added to
the fact that the old martinet is a "mus
tang" and calls not the halls of nautical
learning at Annapolis Alma Mater, severs
the bond of sympathy between them and
him. But to the docking of the Philadel
phia.
AN hen the war vessel left her moorings
and began to swing toward the wharf
through a swift tide gurgling around her
stem nearly all the yard came down to
see. A smaller vessel had been put in
there a few days before under steam (her
port davits, whisker-boom and fore-t'gal
lant mast were at the repair shop in con-
THE MAINE DISASTER.
WHEN THE TRUTH COMES OUT.
American blood has been freely spilled
In the harbor of Havana under circum
stances not yet clearly developed. But
the truth will come out, and 70,000.000
other Americans will see that the repara
tion, if required, be just and ample.— St
Louis Globe-Democrat
FEW COMPARABLE WITH IT.
There have been few such disasters In i
modern times. The catastrophes to the j
Royal George, to the Victoria, and, in !
Apia harbor, to the Nipsic, the Vandalia,
and the Trenton are among the few com
parable to it. There are none which ex
ceed it in the gloom of the calamitous '
ruin of individual hopes.— Chicago Jour
nal.
CALAMITY UNBEARABLE.
Had the Spanish cruisers and torpedo
boats attacked the Maine and sent her to
the bottom with the loss of 250 lives the
calamity would have been hard to bear,
but to have the Maine destroyed as she
was destroyed on Tuesday night is calam
ity unbearable. Jt Is useless to cry pa
tience when there is no patience*. It is
useless to ask for suspension of judgment !
when judgment has been given. That
judgment is against Spain, and if it is re- |
versed it will be on the testimony of wit- I
nesses who have standing in the court of j
public opinion.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
ENOUGH AND TO SPARE.
The world, has already supped full of
horrors from the Cuban conflict. It is
time for it to end. Its first American vic
tim was the brave Ensign Breckinridge.
The next are the 253 victims of the Maine
explosion. Shall there be others? Must
the infernal carnage go on until Cuba is
depopulated and until other blameless
Americans are sacrificed through acci
dent, treachery or incompetency? Is it
not time for the United States Govern
ment to say that the war must stop — that
this nineteenth century materialzation of
Dante's Inferno must come to an end—
and to enforce the mandate? If our men
must perish, is it not better that they
shall perish in fair and open fight, than
go down as helpless victims of mystery,
treachery or inaction?— Minneapolis Tri
bune.
THE MAINE DISASTER.
Editor Call: The Key West corre
spondent of the Journal-Examiner says
that even if the destruction of the Maine
were an accident, we know that Spain
was planning such a crime and therefore
the act must be treated as a Cause of
war.
There is a great deal of such foolish
and misleading talk. There are certain
rules in force between nations, " the
growth of treaties and conventions and
other forms of agreement, and ..educed
from the principles of natural justice, and
no country has ever gained honorable
or permanent advantage by their viola
tion. The Cuban rebellion has put upon
this country a peculiar strain. Our na
tional honor requires that we enforce our
obligations as a neutral. If a subject of
Spain, on his own responsibility, blew up
the Maine, we must be cautious in the
enforcement of national responsibility
upon Spain. It is notorious that ever
since the rebellion began citizens of this
country have constantly violated our
neutral obligations. It has proved use
less to bring them before American
juries, for their acquittal has followed.
Violation of the neutrality laws has not
impressed our people as a wrong in
morals or policy. Public meetings have
been held, participated in by local offi
cials, as mayors of cities and even mem
bers of Congress, and public subscriptions
have been started to buy arms and muni
tions of war for the Cuban insurgents.
In all these acts encouraging violations
of neutrality our people are unable to see
any wrong. Granting that a Spaniard has
proved as incapable of the conception of
wrong In destroying the Maine, the two
governments have a common interest in
avoiding responsibility for the acts of in
dividuals.
If it were capable of proof that the
Spanish Government knew in advance of
such Intention of her subject, and, hav
ing the power, failed to prevent it, the
aspect of the case would be wholly
changed.
The British Government was notified of
the building within her jurisdiction and
by her subjects of the Alabama as a
cruiser for the Confederate Government,
.having the power, sue failed to prevent
that violation of the neutrality laws, and
when we asked the nations to sit in judg
ment between us in the i Geneva Court,
that great jury found her guilty ol re
sponsibility, and she paid to us the
heaviest fine ever paid by one country to
another, except as an indemnity for war
between the parties.
Having established this principle, we
should not lose sight cf it in the excite
ment of the moment. If a subject of
Spain destroyed the Maine, without the
prior knowledge of that Government, and
we force indemnity for that act of an in
dividual, the columns of American news
papers and the proceedings of public
meetings in this country would go far to
prove to an international court of arbi
tration our responsibility for the cost to
Spain of her attempts to suppress the in
surrection which has been made neces
sary by the aid extended by our citizens.
Of course Spain Is weak and miserable
and mad, but she has the rights of a na
tion, and in view of our Alabama prece
dent, we could not honorably decline her
Cape Pogue to Gay Head fifteen jnnes
away j: ordered ; the engines to go a^fd.
■When the • tide gets into full cry con ""|
out of Napa Creek the little dry-goods box
of a Mare Island ferryboat sails in great
circles between the yard and Vallejo, the
workmen bound for their daily toil get
'•docked" for loss of time, and the teredos
seek quietude on the down-stream side
of the piles. As the Philadelphia shoved
her great bulk in toward the island do
main of Uncle Sam the naval constructor
began to figure up on his spotless cuff the
cost of injury to wharf and ship, and the
repair force to calculate on overtime
when the "estimates' came back from
Washington; the other spectators in uni
form and civilian togs only got ready to
see "a circus."
When the current got a fair heave at
the vessel she plunged toward the Vallejo
shore, but Nehemiah met her with a star
board helm and Georgia-street wharf was
safe. Then she swung away with her
steel ram pointing at the granite drydock
that cannot accommodate a battleship,
with war menacing the Golden Gate and
Hawaii unprotected, but the wheel, rolled
a-port, saved it for the use of the Adams
and the other little ships. The tide car
ried her down toward South Vallejo, but
four bells in the engine room brought her
back. She tried to hide behind the an
cient hulks moored in the upper bay, but
the Cape Cod skipper was officially at the
"helum" and she wore herself out trying
to get away from and with him. Then
the big craft steadied down and walked
into her place at the wharf like a broken
filly, permitting herself to be tied up to
the dock without even an angry snort.
Then Nehemiah left the deck and went
down to tea, and the Philadelphia hung
tenderly to her mooring line*.
There* are some things a "mustang' can
do apparently not mastered at the United
States Naval Academy, and one of them
is to dock a ship without plunging into
the appropriation for repairs.
challenge to test them In an international
arbitration.
The American people are ready to fol
low their Government in. any sacrifice
necessary to the national dignity and
honor Surely they are also ready to up
hold its honor by avoiding the temptation
to break its treaty obligations and violate
principles of international law which it
has established and ought to maintain
Oakland, Feb. 22. 1898.
CENTRAL AMERICA FRIENDLY.
Editor of San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
As a regular reader of your esteemed
newspaper allow me to correct a state
ment made in to-day's issue concerning
the alienating of the Latin republics in
Central and South America. Allow me to
assure you that Spain would find very
poor territory to work in this direction in
Central America. These States have
shown their great sympathy for the Unit
ed States on mure than one occasion. I
only recall to you the late award of Unit
ed States General Alexander in the San
Juan River question, between Nicaragua
and Costa Rica. Your article would read
well. however, if referring to South Amer
ica exclusively. Yours respectfully,
F. W. DIECKMAXN,
From Costa Riap»
San Francisco. Feb. 21. ISPS.
WISE MOMMSCX AND WOMANKIND.
That was a truly diplomatic answer
of Professor Mommsen. the Roman his
torian, to the question recently addressed
to the artists and authors of Europe
by Budapesti Napoli: "What manner of
woman will the twentieth century
woman be?" Said Professor Mommsen:
"The women of the nineteenth century
. have given me so much food for thought
that I have no room for her of the twen
tieth." — New York Evening Sun.
Cal. glace fruit f>oe per 1b at Townsend's.*
■ ' :• ' — ' ■♦ » — . . .. .
Genuine eyeglasses, specs;, 15c up. 33 4th
-- ■ .- .■.___ — ■♦ ■ •' ' ... -
■■--Special information supplied daily to
business houses j and public men *by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
; • ' ■ m ■
, Mark Twain is very popular with tho
Viennese. He gave a public reading in
Vienna two weeks ago, and the hall was
not large enough to hold the people will
ing to pay $5 to listen to him, and the
reading was in English, too.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by mllllnna of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. ' Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO. — Atmosphere !s perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
Don't forget Waller Bros. Gift Day, Feb. 26,
1898. 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
TWO TEARS FOR REFORM.
There are only two years left of this
nineteenth century, considered the most
brilliant period in the history of civiliza
tion, discovery and invention, and yet
grade crossings, overhead wires and cob
blestones are holding their own against
criticism and protests. The century ought
not to end with this trio of antique nui
sances still in control.— Baltimore Amer
ican.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Coughs and colds need not
be endured; they can be
cured, and that quickly.
Many mixtures are tem-
porary in effect, but Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil
with Hypophosphites is a
permanent remedy.
The oil feeds the blood
and warms the body ; the
hypophosphites tone up the
nerves; the glycerine soothes
the inflamed throat and lungs.
The combination cures.
This may prevent serious
lung troubles.
joe. and $1.00 ; all druggists.
SCOTT & BOW NE, Chemist*, Isew YorfcEASTERN DOGS
IN THE SLIPS
California Hounds More
Than a Match for
Them.
Third. Annual Meeting of the
Interstate Coursing
Club.
Three Stnkec That Went Through
the Run Down- Finals
To- Day.
There were three events on the card
for the third annual meeting of the In
terstate Coursing Club at Ingleslde
yesterday and a big crowd turned out
to witness the runs.
The interest centered in the all-age
stake in which thirty-two dogs, ten of
which wen the pick of the Eastern
kennels, were entered.
Six of the visitors were from the
kennels of Simmons & Donahue of
Cripple Creek, Colorado, and much was
expected of them. Their backers were
somewhat disappointed, however, be
cause but three of the Colorado dogs
managed to secure their first courses.
Dr. yon Hummel's dogs, two in num
ber, broke even. Van Tralle being
n by Old Glory, and Chit Chat
winning his course with Sylvia. Of
R. L. Lee's entries Crow Dog scored
and Coral ie went down before Tessie
Pair.
The talent decided early in the day
that the Eastern dogs were not a
match for the California representa
tives, and the former were put on the
short ends before the rundown was
half over. The short-enders had some
what the b.st of the day and the tal
ent was particularly hard hit in the
last race, when St. Lawrence, the
speedy son of Lord Xeversettle, beat
Moondyne II while soiling on the short
end at i to 2. The rundown resulted
a? follows:
W. E. Thompson's Patrla beat M. J.
■pnnnnvnr.'s Mrihawk; Simmons & Dona-
Rusty Gold beat Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle; Deekelman & Panario's Old
beal I'r. Q. yon Hummel's Van
Trail.-; W. Halpln'a White Lily beat
Simmons & Donahue's Amorita; Thomas
Hall's Widow Brophy beat Kay &
Trains Eclipse; R. L. Lee's Crow Dog
'g Snowball; Lynch & Ma
her's Tuii Sloan beat P. Tierney's Seno
rira; W. O. Elinor's T«ssle Fair beat R.
J.. I ■ • . Simmuns & Donahue's
Mountain Beauty beat M. Traynor's
Flashlight; T. 1 Hitler's Susie beat Sim
mons <*;.• Donahue's Monotony; Simmons
& Donahue's Moor'.s Prescription beat
Dillon & Rellly's Right Bower: W. Ry
an's Swinnerton beat J. Goldman's Sar
; J. Dean's Connemara beat J.
Burns' Occidental; J. Dean's Mialmo
beat Simmons & Donahue's Laughed
Last; Dr. yon Hummel's Chit Chat beat
Kay & Tram's Sylvia; W. O. Elmer's
Two of the Crack Hounds That Ran at Yesterday's Meeting of the Interstate Coursing Club at
Ingleside. Mialmo, Who Is Looked Upon as a Likely Candidate in the All-Aged Stake,
beat the Eastern Flyer Laughed Last, and Susie did the Same With Monotony, Another
Eastern Representative.
St. Lawrence beat J. Dean's Moondyne
11.
The other two stakes were the Puppy
Derby, fur which there were ten nomi
nations, and the Brandon Bell Cup
stake, for which sixteen saplings were
entered. The pick of the local puppies
were entered in the derby and the run
down resulted as follows:
R. Wyman's Rush o' the Hill beat B.
Dougherty's Palmer Hill; W. Ryan's
Sprig o' the Hill beat J. Murphy's Demp-
Bej I.ii.ss: Henry Spring's Master Jack
beat J. Koenan's Royal Oak; J. Dean's
Gladiator beat D. Healy's Pastime; Con
nell Bros.' Log Boy beat \V. Ryan's
Snpra::".
In the sapling stake the betting was
rather light, the talent preferring to get
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticura Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. .-
Ko»r If sold throoirhoat the \rorU. Pottmi Dbc« **»
Ch«m. Cow.. Sole Prop*.. B<»u>o, I". 8. A.
03* " How to Prevent Face Ham^Tß," mailed free.
TVC9Y illllinO Krom l'lsip!^ 10 S-jt<W« cure*
fc I 6.(11 nUnlUil ,br Ct.rici.-3A I!cMKi>::i.
A NEW RECORD IS ESTABLISHED.
The Steamer City of Peking Has Now One Hundred Runs to and
From China to Her Credit.
DECORATED FOR THE DAY AND RECORD,
The steamer City of Peking arrived from China, via Japan and Hawaii, on schedule time yesterday. The stout craft is
now twenty-four years old, but she is still as sound and her engines work even better than on her trial trip. When she tied
up at the Mail dock she had completed her one hundredth round voyage, and both officers and men are proud of the performance.
a line on the form of the dogs before
speculating largely. •
The St. Lawrence-Sly Girl sapphngs
; proved their quality by winning in
' each of the three courses in which they
I were entered. The rundown was as
'■ follows:
I arkey & Ryan's Minerva beat W.
Qualne's Mariette, Thomas Hall's Daisy
Dean beat T. J. McHugh's Matchless,
Dillon & Reilly's Sunbeam beat W. O.
Elmer's St. Gertrude. J. O. Shea's Rat
bone beat B. Dougherty's Heather Dell,
F. Foley's Mystic beat Connell Bros. Mol
lie 0., "Dillon & Reilly's Sunburst beat
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M., J. Eg:tn's
Mayflower beat Larkey & Rock's Linerty
Bell. J. Egan's Billy Gladstone beat Deck
elman & Panario's Prince George.
The prizes were unusually large in
yesterday's stakes, $400 being added to
the $10 entry in the all-age event, $150
in the Derby and $100 in the Sapling
stake.
None of the ties was decided, but
was left over until to-day, when it is
expected that the entire card will be
finished.
NEW PLACES OF
AMUSEMENT.
Four Additional Theaters Will Be
Opened Here Within a Few
Months.
San Francisco will soon be in a position
to boast of having as many vaudeville
theaters as any of the larger cities of the
East. Preparations are now being made
to open four new houses, and it is ex
pected that they will all be In running or
der within the next few months.
The old church building on the west
side of Mason street, below Ellis, has
been rented by R. J. Techau, who will
open it up with a vaudeville performance.
Another place of similar amusement will
be opened in the Grotto, under the Bald
win Hotel, and the Louvre restaurant and
saloon, under St. Ann's building, will
shortly give way to another place of
amusement. The Oberon is now under
going alterations. A gallery Is being put
in. and a large stage will also be erected.
When those new places of amusement are
opene4i in addition to those now running,
San Francisco will be well supplied in. the
amusement line.
Forty Hours' Devotion.
The annual celebration of the forty
hours' devotion will be held at the French
Church next week, commencing Sunday
morning with a solemn high mass at 10
o'clock. Devotions will be held in the
church all day Sunday and Monday, con
cluding Tuesday morning with a high
mass. A special indulgence will be
granted to all those fulfilling the obliga
tions of the ceremony.
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never fails;
try it; 26c. For sale by all druggists. •
Afraid of the Commissioners.
Policemen Gregory V. Shelly and
I Thomas Gorevan, who had been charged
i with breaches of discipline, sent in their
' resignations from the Police Department
! rather than face the Commissioners on
the carpet. Gorevan had been before the
Commissioners several times fur similar
offenses. A charge of misconduct against
Policeman S. Royson was dismissed.
A District Council Fire.
Next Friday night there will be a dis
trict, council fire under the auspices of
Awashte Tribe and White Eagle Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men in Twin
Peaks Hall at Seventeenth and Noe
streets. The Red Men on that evening
will receive their friends and entertain
them with a programme of music and
song.
To C'jre Headache In 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis Anti-Headacne. ah druggists.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
A CENTURY OF
ROUND TRIPS
Steamer City of Peking
Has Established a
Record.
During a Life of Twenty-four
Years She Has Only Met
With One Accident.
Two Steamers With Five Hundred
Passengers Aboard Sailed
for the Klondike.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's steamer City of Peking was
gayly decorated with bunting yester
day in honor of Washington's birthday
and also to let the world know that she
had just completed her one hundredth
round trip. All her flags were set, and
from the jiggermast a burgee with the
figures "100" on it was flown.
The Peking was launched at Chester,
Pa., in 1874, and came to San Francisco
via the Straits of Magellan early in
1875. When she arrived here she was
leaking and had to be docked for re
pairs. She was then the largest steam
er afloat, with the exception of the
Great Eastern, and her docking was a
holiday event in San Francisco. It was
found necessary to strengthen her by
the addition of two steel decks, and the
wise men in nautical circles shook their
heads and predicted a Bhort life for the
big liner. She is to-day, however, in
spite of her age, one of the strongest
ships afloat, and her hull and machin
ery are in as perfect order as the day
she was launched.
During her twenty-four years of life
the Peking's engines have made 309,
759,505 revolutions, she has traveled
1,321,099 miles and the coal consumed
in making that record has been 280,652
tons. She has carried during that time
111,150 steerage passengers and 7100
cabin passengers, and is still in such
shape as to be able to start in and
cary them all over again. Other orig
inal crew only two are now aboard—
Caesar Christian, the steerage steward,
who came out on her from New York
as quartermaster, and Ah Jee, the Chi
nese porter, who joined her here.
During her career the Peking has
been commanded by Captains Griffin
Morse, Tanner, Maury, Berry, Cavarly'
Seabury, Friele, Dearborn, Searle'
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th»f*ft- /9
siailo Six s/UPs, ' - less
Ward, and for the last twelve voyages
her present popular commander, J. Tre
maine Smith.
The chief engineers have been Messrs.
Douglas. Barrett, Hauxhurst (the pres
ent superintending engineer of the
Mail Company). Frazer, Gough, For
syth, Lynch. Stevenson and McClure.
The latter gentleman has been in the
vessel for seventy-nine consecutive
voyages. During her long career the
Peking has had but one serious acci
dent. In 1893 when over 1300 miles
from San Francisco she broke her tail
shaft and had to make port under sail.
She has been through no less than
twenty-three typhoons and came out of
them scatheless.
Two steamers sailed for Alaskan
ports last night. The Excelsior took
away all the passengers she could
cary for Copper River, Dyea and Ska
guay. and the Humboldt had a few less
than the law allows. She is licensed to
carry 325 first and second-class pas
sengers and her purser said she had
312 aboard. However. Max Kallsh, the
general agent of the vessel was taking
no chances and he had all strangers
put ashore and every passenger on the
vessel counted.
The sailing of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Mariposa has been post
poned from to-day until Friday next at
2 P. ML The English mails by the
S. S. Campania were late in arriving at
New York and will not reach here until
Friday, at 10 A. M. Among the Mari
posa's passengers will be President S.
B. Dole of Hawaii and W. G. Irwln, the
well known banker of Honolulu.
The steamer China, which left here
for the Orient on the 6th inst., had a
very rough time. Twice she had to be
hove to and a lifebfrat was stove in, the
bridge ladder carried away and also
the quarter boat. The captain Is re
ported to have stated that It was the
roughest and most disagreeable pass
age he had ever made.
Mr. Wilson of llf> O'Farrell street
will not forget Washington's birthday
In a hurry. He got into a row In a
saloon and is now laid up in the Har
bor Receiving Hospital with a broken
jawbone. Some one, he knows not
who, knocked him senseless and
broke his Jaw in two places. • He will
be disfigured for life unless he gets a
dental surgeon to make a plate for his
mo-uth to hold the bones in place until
they knit. His friends who brought
him to the hospital disappeared as
soon as they turned him over to Dr.
Hartley.
A shivering and
if This MaT\ a shakm man is
If Trembled by ' « almost ' alwa s an
I the Hour. How I ob ect °* pity. Yet
Wi Long Can You II you do not know
Tremble ? exactly why. It Is
probably because
your nerves are not
quite as steady as they should be, and
you can sympathize with one whose are
worse. Yet here is a man who has not
been able to hold anything steadily in his
hands for years. It is due to nervous ex-
haustion, he explains, and he is in such a
very shaky condition that he fears to get
on an electric car. He has attributed his
trouble to weakness, • but according to
eminent authority, ; the weakness is only a
symptom of the disease. After a careful
examination of the patient, the most
skilled physician in this class of diseases
in the State said "Debility due to some
sort of excess." The man, however, is
destined to get well and , have as good
nerves as he ever had, the specialist ex-
plains. He is at this moment suffering
from lack of appetite, pain in the loins
and the small of the back, but they are
all disappearing. He took a whole heap
of patent medicines for his nerves instead
of getting at. the root of the trouble. He
is rapidly improving under the "Hudyan 1
remedio-treatment, and will be a perfect
man again very
soon it is prom-
J^Trembling^^ ised The waste on
If ought to be , nis system has al-
ii very carefully 'Jj ready stopped. He
IV watohed. It's a II is in a very much
V warning, /f better plight than
he was a few days
ago. ■; • \
The "Hudyan" treatment is only ad-
ministered at the Hudson Medical Insti-
tute at the junction of Stockton, Market
and Ellis streets, and cannot be bought
elsewhere. It is a specific In all debilita-
tion, and does wonderful work very
rapidly. Circulars and testimonials show-
ing what it has done are absolutely free
to all seekers after health. Blood taint
In every form is completely cleaned out
of the system by the "30-day blood cure."
Circulars about that are free, too, and so
is the advice of the most famous physi-
cians on this continent. Write and get
It for the asking.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
DQQ MARKET ST.. . OPP. £ ALACK
DUO Hotel. Telephone 670. ReaMtooa Ml
Valencia atratt. i t-MwbMMfc; "diimh" tt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ZXXX&GOOQOQGCOCQQOOCX^
•o »»b » « »«»o»»a« « «»»»»«;« «s » » » "»•« 'a »»«»»a a » a a aa -aa aa a
THE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SALE AT HALES.
Crisp, fresh, new garments. Cleanly, well made and perfect fitting. Not a skimp to make them cheaper.
Not a Tightness missing. Manufactured in well lighted, well ventilated, modern American factories.
Made by Americans. Bought from the maker by Hale's for cash. No jobbers' profit. High grade, de- ,_
pendable merchandise, constructed of the best material produced in America. You're safe when, you
buy at Hale's, and you save besides. ;^"f
MUSLIN M «sHn Underwear can be made -to JUi A K"l]V fi A
/E^^M lINFIFR sellat almost any price. A few inches /"*^**V. 1 l^i VJ t\
mgff W/CAD off the bottom, narrow shoulders, RECORD IN
Wy .WCAKi short, tight sleeves, long stitches, '. ■> v
■ carelessly" taken,, poor but .flashy,- WASH \ GOODS.
J!, MUSLIN Muslin Underwear can be made to MAJ^IXTfi A
f IINfIFR sell at almost any price. A few inches a'*^»i^iiivj r*
> JJIIHn off the bottom, narrow shoulders, RECORD IN
5 WtAKi short, tight sleeves, long stitches, v V
carelessly taken, poor but flashy, W^ASH GOODS.
j i^CilpjNv showy trimmings and materials, an *
-^M^^ms^^ktk ill-fit and an ancient style, and you Plaids are to be the thing this
/4/)OTinK4 have the average sale " garment. r— Plaids an Ginghams. It.
L 9"L 9 " i&tJrPl ' ■ivkiae*. A On the other hand, seams closely, i , , -. ,  **.■:.-, ' •
t^N^^Ki \ xA w£&9- carefully, evenly stitched, lapped and is to be decidedly a wash goods ,
sts t /y*fi\ \i$OTJ welded, tasty trimmings in perfect year if the forecasts of .fashion
i 'V£Jf style, abundantly large, yet perfectly count for anything. It's early "
r,,^&}!£E'''> '-iif H' y .i^B^ molded to your form, and you have , J ,h .- • , a -J
mJwSMI ' l>v\wL> a modest yet satisfactory garment, now—the seasons just begun.
wMf,il'/&xJl '">! '; 'JBm& full of worth and wear and actual But why not make your choos-
sjHLsJ' *I!: OF economy. An interesting price list ing before the stocks lose that
■Bmtpfc** H : w follows. c , • i A
crisp, fresh newness ;so evident
. NEW MUSLIN GOWNS. and noticeable now? Why not
LADIES 1 SUPERIOR . NIGHT-GOWNS— Made of pood white muslin, embroid- OQ/» mnl-a _.-»„_ J. nl , n 1 s *.v W a
cry ruflled neck and cuffs; tucked yoke. At Hale's Each OUW make YOUr ClreSS before the. hot,
LADIES' WHITE CAMBRIC NIGHTGOWNS- and Insertion trimmed PZflr* ciilfrv nnnnmfni.tnV.ln Bnm«MA« n
yoke; embroidery ruffled neck, front and cuffs. At Hales .......Each €>UC SUltry, UllCOmiOrtaDlO SUUimery
LADIES' FINK MUSLIN GOWNS— High* neck, square' yoke, trimmed with a _. __«. in? pv^ + 1 _ Tm,,,;«« ■,
cambric ruffle, embroidery and lace; cambric and lace ruffled neck* and *7E%r U <V " »*- 1 ill. UO 1116 DUying and
. cuffs, fi new styles. At Bale' ..Each * tlv , .
LADIES' FINS EMPIRE CAMBRIC GOWNS— Tucked and embroidered, trim- -. : "16 Sewing nOW, ana When the
mcd yoke, tun: do- . collar, with beading and deep lawn ruffle; also deep QC/> •• -, ■--
lawn rufHed cuffs, styles. At Haie's Each OOw always-unexpected, unprepared-
. NEW MUSLIN DRAWERS. for hot days commence, you
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS— Fine heavy muslin. 4 tucks and a deep hem on- |Q will be ready With COmfortablp
bottom, well made •of good material. . At Hale's ■ ...Pair It/v ' J - """'I
LADIES' FINE CAMBRIC UMBRELLA DRAWERS— Deep cambric ruffle and €)eZ^ breeZY Wash dresses Amoncr
five fine tucks on bottom, thoroughly well made. At Hale's Pair^OC ■ J txaL . U1 ca3C ?. <1 Amuu 5
LADIES' FINE MUSLIN DRAWERS— Good quality, cambric ruffle, imitation OPT,-. 100 000 Yards of new arrivals
hemstitched and embroidery trimmed, open or closed. At Hale's .....Pair ZOC v,ww J aluo "^ fi? y «*Hivu,i& f .
Remember these are superior garments. • .. raJSfino 1 from 5c UD We notlOfl
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS-2Vi-inch embroidery ruffle on bottom, 3 fine QOr» ltt r& lu 6 UUI . U OKj U P> We nOUCB
tucks, extra quality. At Hale's ......Pair AXf\* the followinP"
V Prices up to *1 pair. , - , lllt> i( -' 11 «WIIlg. . ; ' .
NEW MUSLIN SKIRTS. ■ Twilled Galatea Cloth for Children.
, rlaid Tone dv Kord Gmffliams
LADIES'. WHITE MUSLIN SKIRTS— Good durable muslin and thoroughly . tj a- .°!■„ V. X ■j- m3<
well made, heavy quality, tucked and cambric ruffled bottom. At Hales.. OQ/> JBatlßte (19 10116 Organdie.
ladies- 'white' muslin "uMBRELL^ bkirts^^ E-pi^ ' Large Figured La Reine Percales.
fine cambric flounce and tucked ruffle. At Hale's ■..:.... Each Ul/V Berkshire and Sterling Percales.
LADIES' FINE WHITE MUSLIN SKIRTS-Superior quality muslin. 4 fineViCtr' ' Nomandv Plaid Ginghams
tucks and 4-inch embroidery ruffle, a very superior skirt. At Hales.. DOC uurnianuy riaia UingnamS.
ladies' white muslin umbrella SKIRTS-Gocd heavy : muslin/ with tk^. • Organdie Czarine— Plaids and Floral Effects.
deep cambric flounce, cambric and lace ruffled bottom. At Hales....E ach fOC Plaid Sea Island Percales
NEW MUSLIN CORSET-COVERS. NEW MUSLIN CHEMISE. Brandenberg Cloth-Dark' Grounds.
ladies' muslin corset coy- ladies 1 muslin chemise— ■ Organdie St. Germain — Figures.
ERS— fresh, clean lot, good Good quality muslin, neck front 'ninffnTial Plaid flrtramUn Rmmlo
quality." high neck, embroidery | Ql/> and armlets prettily , trimmed : diagonal riaiQ UrganQie iJOUCiC.
trimmed. At Hale's ..Eachl-*i!iy with Torchon lace. At Hole's.. OCZs* Loohinvar Dimities.
; Bach iOC
LADIES' FINE MUSLIN "(Tiniiw mi
LADIES' FINE CAMBRIC CORSET COY- have embroidery and Insertion triced THF Ffif^FT . QAT 17
ERS— Embroidery trimmed, priced ac- yoke and embroidery ruffled ed-V on 1 AIIL f UUJuJj J 1 Ul/IV OALIi.
■ r a d my of mas™ ° £ trimming and ™%t% t an(l armlets, t priced acc^din°g to Our force is still busy assorting and check-
quality of material. , , quality and elaborateness of trimmings. in the stock recently purchased from J Fo-
Hlgh and V-shaped, neck...... lac each Fine quality mu51in.......... 3..C each gel. 1030 Market. We paid 61c on the dollar
li, -inch embroidery trimmed. ...i9c each. Soft finished muslin 50c each and consequently our customers and the Dublin
Tucked and braided 2oc each Round yoke and two rows in general will share with us a veritable bar-
2-tnch embroidery trimmed ....3oc each of embroidery ....... .V 59c each gain flesta. Watch daily papers for announce-
Round yoke ruffled armlets. ...50c each Ribbon drawn top, soft cam- . ment of sale. We hope to begin it in a very
(Prices up to $1 M.) I brie $100 each few days. ■■■-.-■*>- d cr '
HALE BROS., Inc., 937-945 MARKET STREET.
■ AMUSEMENTS. ■-,-._■ _ \
fSUDIANDtf GOITIOB & CP itssus * «««<•
LAST 4 NIGHTS! MATINEE SATURDAY!
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTON I A.NS.
■. . . Presenting the Operatic Success.
«-»£>>" THE SERENADE."«S<^
Sunday BvenIng— LIEUTENANT R. .E.
PEARY In a final lecture.
NEXT MONDAY— ROBIN HOOD.
Seats Ready Thursday.
ffMEOLANDEB COTTIOB a CC e UMUtan*iuMa
Third and Last Week, the Immense Success,
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
Coon Songs, Coon Comedy. Jubilee Shouts.
Thurs., Frl. and Sat. Evgs.— CAKE WALK
contest for = gold medal and championship of
the world— open to all comers. ■ . -
cMatrc
AFRIEDLANOEIJ GOTUOB aC'iliSH* ftXMMM
— — A DRAMATIC TREAT!
The Accomplished Actress .
MARIE WAINWRIGHT- —
In Jacob Lltt's Production of the New Drama
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
A stirring play .of human Interest adequately
staged and acted. . " . -. ,"
March 7— Primrose & West 8 Minstrels. -
Matinee To-day, Wednesday, Feb. 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
• . . 10c, any part.
NEW ARTISTS. ALL CARDS— 9—
LINA PANTZER, danseuse - Fllle de Fer;
D\MMAN TROUPE. Europe's marvels; MAT-
THEWS & HARRIS, the laughmakers; QEO.
W DAY. monologue comedian :• M. C. LAW-
RENCE, trick bicyclist: FILSON & ERROL.
a laughing hit; ADELMAN & LOWE, xylo-
phone artists : MAUD MEAL PRICE. • vocal-
ist and mimic; THE BIOGRAPH, last week;
all ■ new scenes.
AT CAZAR SEATS BY
ALCAZAR,
AUNTIE LEAVES YOU THIS WEEK.
' LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY, .
l * Then Good-by to . - ' . . .
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
THE , BEST THING IN TOWN.
Prices r. ..'.'. .....•.■••••••"••••• ...15c, 25c, | 3Sc, 50c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Waiter M0r06C0........501e Lessee and Manager
Third Week of the Popular Actor,
HARRY MAINHALL,;
In the Great ; Cuban ■ War Drama
"THE LAST STROK.E."
Grand . Tableaux, THE SINKING OF THE
MAINE. Great Battle Scene! . Exciting Fire
Evening prices, 10c, 25c and 50c. Matinees
Saturday an.l Sunday. ;
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
' INGLESIDE TRACK. *
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 91, to
SATURDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine,
FIRST RACE AT 2 P.M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and 1:15 P. M. Daily.
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning ■ Immediately ; after
the races. ELECTRIC CAR LINES. .; v ■.;'..■
■■■ Klearny street and Mission ; street : cars every
three minutes, direct to track without. change.
'Ft 11 more street cars transfer each way. . /•-
-:■;:■■ ■-■■■ ' US:- N. ANDROUS, President. 'C
:F. H. GREEN, Secretary. > \ -::'•'.
Til VMPII— Cor of Mtton and ■:■
ULimm- •. . . : Eddy • streetJ/
• -America' a Most ; Beautiful i Music Hall. -'■ :
Great new ; bill of : artists. « STARKEY and
KATHBUN,- SENORITA INEZ. MLLE. AN-
TONETTE, - FRED , BROWN. COUCH. MIL-
LER, : PUNTA ■ and others. ■: ./ ;
House heated.' .Admission free. '' ,»• ' - (
• • AMUSEMENTS. 1
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Ernestine Kkeli.vo. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT.
A MUSICAL TRIUMPH.
The Vice=Admiral!
Splendid Cast! Superb Costumes! Beautiful
■ Scenery! • Enlarged Chorus!
NEXT WEEK— Requested revival of
"THE GEISHA!"
The brilliant Japanese musical comedy.
Popular prices ..........25 and 50c
SAN FRANCIBCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCIIEEL., Musical Director.
—SEVENTH CONCERT—
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE, TO-MORROW AF-
TERNOON, FEB. 24. AT 3:15 O'CLOCK.
' Programme — Overture, "Coriolanus." Bee-
thoven; symphonic poem, "Joan of Arc," Mosz-
kowsky; "Rouet d'Omphale," Saint Saens;
Wotan"s Farewell and Magic Fire, from the
"Walkure," Wagner. Prices, including re-
served seats, Jl 60, Jl and. 75c. Seats on sale
at theTlvoli Opera-house. ..^.- •-.-;
THE MOST WONDERFUL
OF ALL EVENTS!
SENSATIONAL. THRILLING. INSTRUCT-
■ IVE, EXCITING AND MUSICAL.
WHAT : WHERE
Miners' Rock-drilling Contests— Miners'
Wrestling Contests.
Mining Fair
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-DAY TO-DAY !
Contests , Afternoon and Night.
■ Souvenir Cups and Saucers to ■ Ladles, 10 a,
m. to sp. tn. • .
• TO-DAYI
Rogers & . Bennett's Band— solos, etc. The
Miners' Day is continued into to-day. . Big
Excursions. Lots of Fun. Come and see Bar-
tholomew's Horses. The Tunnel and Under-
ground Mine. Tesla Exhibit, etc. ■•■-■■-
THURSDAY— Day. Acme Club Pro-
gramme. Chinese Celebration. •■■" Maine Benefit
postponed until Monday next. See papers. .
Admission, ■ 25c. ■-; Children, 15c. " .
CHIQUITA
— —IS THE SENSATION— -'- ';.;
. — OF THE CENTURY. '
SHE IS SMALLER THAN ANY
■ WALKING BABY "AND
—INTELLIGENT AS A GROWN WOMAN.—
— THE CHUTES —
Every Afternoon and Evening, ■
. Rain or Shine. .. ; '
10c to all, including' Vaudeville; children, 50.
POklche.ter'. K «iUh IH£n»«nJ Brand. '. '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K»~V - Original and Only Genuine. ' £.
>"v/«v\'** rt> » lw *y i rclUble. v ladies ut a\ .
r,ji\ V%Me l>rugcist lot Chichctler'i Bn<ilU\ DiaJS\\
4^JS^»vm....,i Brand In Hoi »nd Gold metallioVVg'
' JtX -OSWboiCT, teolsd with blue ribbon. Take \Nr i
TH <9^ wfuno other. Refute dangerma rubttitv. V
, I* / ~ ft? Horn and imitation: AiDnnnm.ormdlt,
I W ,y In stampn for particulars. tontlmoniiln »nd
*■ \*» By " Relief for I. adieu," in tour, by return
' *m\.- if Mail. 1 10.000 Te«timOTi«ls. Name Super.
■ , >B^/ Cblehwit«rCkcißlcalC«^MiidliMißr.taar%
Aid brmU Local DrneiHaU. , .-; - Pill LAV A., I'A
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS V.-K.'.r. KNOWN AM) RKLIARI.E Or.t.
.1 *P«flallst ewes l'rlvate,Ner\-ous,Ulooauiid Skin I
r>lsean«-s of Men only. Mnnl v- Power restored. Over
, 20year8' experience. ; Rend for Book, free, I j'utients
cured at Home. Verms reasonable. Honrs. 9 to 3
• dally ;G:SO to is.:» cv'es. - Hand*}-*, 10 to 12. Consulta- ,
tion free and sucredlyconrldentla'. -. Cail or address
I». ROSCOE McXITI.'irY, M.'D., -
86.M Kcarnr Strrti San Francisco. C»l.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S o«-*t
Iggta Museum of Anatomy
I PirfL ice: :ZAS - Z1 x ST - tot 6th * 7th, 2. r. c&l
m ■- ■ The L«rgeitoritsklndtatlnWorl*.
lj^Sll DR. JORDAN — Private Diseases.
"1 H WI7 i - '•- ' Oonsulutioa free. Write Tor Hook ' i
s\ I IP Philqsophy^ofi Marriage;
i '{.*/< ■ ;'-» - , MAILED FREE. <
AT AUCTION
BY-^-
F3 9ina? * m «| 981
SPECIAL SALE,
BY ORDER PROBATE COURT,
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1898,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesrooms, 626 Market St.
Property of Estate of W. B. Dolan.
> A GRAND INVESTMENT.
N. W. cor. Polk and Grove sts.— Stores and
flats; rental value,' $525 per month; within 2
blocks of Market st. and 1 block of City Hall;
size of lot, 137% feet on Polk st. by 170 feet on
Grove st. ./:■"- '. •
This property has a grand future.
■ \ _____ ' ■
Property of Estate of E. L. Moxley.
Van Ness-Aye. corner, : fronting on three
streets —
VAN NESS AYE.,
McAllister st., and
LOCUST AYE.
. Improvements : consist of two solidly built
•houses, renting at a low rental of . $127 50 • per
month. - ■' :
. The adjoining building is .on ground rent at
$20 per month; size of lot, 120x109.
ALSO . ,
Block No. 69 of University Mound Survey, ,
bounded by Silver aye., Silliman, College and
University sts. ■. - -■■ ■ ■ ■
For terms and conditions of sale apply to
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St., Opposite Palace Hotel
GRAND OPENING OF THE
TURKISH PHP CO.'S
New Art Rooms
AT 234 SUTTER ST.,
Between Kearny and Grant aye. V
, To be inaugurated by ,j v
AUCTION
ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY,
February 23 and 24,
At 2 and '8. p. m. - . \ V
New, Fine Special Importation of
Oriental Rugs
For this occasion, merely for advertisement,
will be • offered at auction, positively •■ without *
reserve. ; = :. '-..,:; ■'->■-••.■■ ■ ■■ :~ . '•
j (CjrWe being a -permanent firm, our: guaran- -
tee is safety to. the buyers for the genuineness
and superiority , ; of , our goods. We also offer
the ■". special :~ privilege ;, to exchange ■ the . goods -
bought from us within the period of one year.
: . . ■ - -:.- TURKISH .RUO COMPANY. 1
•■<, ,WM. BUTTERFIELD, . Auctions* ..
78
TRIBUTES TO OUR
FIRST PRESIDENT
McKINLEY`S
TRIBUTE TO
A PATRIOT
George Washington.
Eulogized by the
Executive.
He Points to the Lessons
Taught by the Great
Statesman.
Far - Sighted Wisdom of His
Farewell Address to the
Nation.
ADVICE TO BE HEEDED.
Reference Made by the Speaker to
the First President's Foreign
Policy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22.—Presi
dent McKinley was driven to the Acad
emy of Music this morning, where the
"Washington birthday commemorative
exercises of the University of Pennsyl
vania were held. Over 2000 students
assembled on the university campus at
9:30 and marched, four abreast, to the
Academy of Music. There the students
took the seats reserved for them.
President McKinley addressed an in
telligent and appreciative audience at
the academy. By his side on the stage
•were assembled the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania and many pro
fessors and executive officials of other
educational institutions. The appear
ance of the President on the stage was
the signal for thunderous applause, and
as it died away the students broke out
with their thrice repeated college cry
of "Pennsylvania," and the Municipal
band followed with "Hail to the Chief"
and the "Star-Spangled Banner."
Charles C. Harrison, provost of the
University of Pennsylvania, introduced
President McKinley, who, as he
stepped forward, was greeted with
spontaneous handclapping from all
over the house, and the students again
gave their college cry. It was some
minutes before quiet was restored. In
his eulogy of the character and genius
of Washington the President said in
part:
It was committed to Washington to
launch our ship of state. He had neither
precedent nor predecessor to help him;
he welded the scattered and at times an
tagonistic colonies into an indestructible
"Union and inculcated the lessons of mu
tual forbearance and fraternity which
have cemented the States into still closer
bonds of interest and -sympathy.
From the hour when Washington de
clared in his Virginia home that ho
would raise a thousand men and equip
them at his own expense to march to
the defense of Boston, he became the
masterful spirit of the Continental army
and the mightiest single factor in the
continent's struggle for liberty and in
dependence. Apparently without personal
ambition, spurning royal honors when
they were suggested to him, he fulfilled
a still more glorious destiny as the guid
ing force of a civilization freer and
mightier than the history of man had
known.
Though Washington's exalted character
and the most striking acts of his brilliant
record are too familiar to be recounted
here, where so many times they have re
ceived eloquent and deserved eulogy, yet,
often as the story is retold, it engages
our love and admiration and Interest. We
love to recall his noble unselfishness, hia
heroic purposes, the power of his mag
nificent personality, his glorious achieve
ments for mankind and his stalwart and
unflinching devotion to independence,
liberty and union. Those cannot be too
often told or be too familiarly known.
Much practical benefit is to be derived
from the present application of portions
"f Washington's farewell address, a doc
ument in which he laid down principles
■which appeared to him "all important to
the permanence of your felicity as a peo
ple." In that address Washington con
tended in part— First, for the promotion
of institutions of learning; second, for
cherishing the public credit; third, for the
observance of good faith and justice to
ward all nations.
At no point in his administration does
Washington appear in grander propor
tions than when he enunciated his ideas
in regard to the foreign policy of the
uuverjiweui;
"Observe good faith and justice toward
all nations; cultivate peace and harmony
with all. Religion and morality enjoin
this conduct. Can it be that good policy
does not equally enjoin it? It will be
■worthy of a free, enlightened, and at no
distant period, a great nation, to give to
mankind the magnanimous and too novel
example of a people always guided by an
exalted justice and benevolence."
To-day, nearly a century from "Wash
ington's death, we turn reverentially to
study the leading principles of that com
prehensive chart for the guidance of the
people. It was his unflinching. immov
able devotion to these perceptions of du
ty -which more than anything else made
him what he was and contributed so di
rectly to make us what we are. Follow
ing the precepts of Washington we cannot
err. The wise lessons in government
■which he left us will be profitable to heed.
At the library a reception was held
In the President's honor and a lunch
eon was served. The President left
for "Washington over the Pennsylvania
railroad ,on the 3:18 o'clock train.
OBSERVED BY CALIFORNIANS.
Bear Flag Hoisted at a Washington
Day Banquet in Boston.
BOSTON, Feb. 22.— Seventy-five old
Californians celebrated Washington's
birthday at the United States Hotel
In the old-fashioned way to-day. The
original bear flag of the California re
public was hoisted over the desk of
President Dole. There was a short
business meeting and afterward lunch
eon and a good time, with remarks by
Stephen J. Foster, Judge Wells, Rich
ard Harrington, Senator Conness and
others. Good stories were told and
it was unanimously agreed to go to
California two years hence for the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
the old bear State to the Union.
HARRISON'S TRIBUTE.
Inimitable Qualities of Washing
ton's Life and Character.
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— Ex-President
Benjamin Harrison spoke to-day at
the Auditorium at the annual celebra
tion of the Union League Club In
honor of "Washington. In his tribute
to the great patriot he said:
We assemble on this anniversary of the
birth of Washington, not so much, if at
all, to bring tribute to him, as to learn
at his feet the lessons of a conscientious
citizenship. The inimitable qualities, of
Washington's character and life; those
that did not exhaust themselves on a lo
cality or a period; that are instructive
not only to military commanders and
chief magistrates, but to the unofficial
citizen: the lessons that he taught, not
for the march and battle, but for quiet
days when no drum beat calls to duty—
these are the qualities and lessons that
should engage our thought to-day.
Ad Washington
VICTOBY FOR THE ALUMNI.
Stanford Varsity Team Beaten in a
Football Game.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 22.— The baseball
game on the campus to-day between the
Varsity and the Alumni teams resulted in
a victory for the latter nine by the un
even score of 11 to 3. The Stanford team
played an extremely loose game, as ten
costly errors will show. Besides fielding
poorly the collegians were weak with the
stick and were pretty much at the mercy
of Krug, the pitcher of the California
Market nine, who played with the Alumni
although protested by Manager Keesling
for professionalism.
Follensbee of the Insurance League
team caught a star game for the Alumni
nine. His throwing to bases was par
ticularly good. Abe Lewis made the most
sensational play for the visiting team.
The Varsity team was weak in several
place?. Swindells, who took Strohn's
place behind the bat while the latter went
to third bag. did not put up a good game.
Hill, who pitched for the Stanford men,
was sufOrfng from a rheumatic arm and
was supplemented near the end of the
game by Lanagan, who allowed but one
hit to be made off him. The Alumni
demonstrator! to-day by good fielding and
fair hitting that they are still a long way
from being back numbers.
Tennis at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 22.— The second
annual tennis tournament for the Monte
rey County championship of B class play
ers was played here to-day. Sinclair
Harper of Pacific Grove was victorious,
winning from James Mori, also of Pacific
Grove, in the finals, with a score of 7—5,
3—6, 6—4. 4—6. t>— 3. The play was excellent
throughout. To-day's winner Is a brother
of the Monterey County A class cham
pion, James Harper.
ATHLETIC SPORT
AT RIVERSIDE
State Field Day of the Young
Men's Christian Asso
ciation.
Representatives of All Southern Cali
fornia Branches of the Order
Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 22.— The annual
Ptate field day of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association drew a large crowd and
was interesting throughout. The con
testants were representatives of all the
associations in this section. The summary
follows:
100-yard dash — H. L. Avery, Pomona
College, won; A. C. Brady, Chaff ey Col
lege, second. Time, 10 2-5 sec.
12-pound hammer— E. B. Helphenstine,
San Diego, won, 109 feet; W. J. Cutter,
San Jaclnto, second, 108 feet.
Running high jump — John Crowe,
Riverside, won, 5 feet 4 l £ inches, E. B.
Helphenstine and W. J. Cutter tying at
5 feet 2*4 inches.
Mile bicycle, open— A. L. Tabor of
Corona won, R. Rothrock second. Time,
2:31.
220-yard dash— Cutter won in 23 1-5 sec,
H. L. Avery second.
Mile footrace— G. Hinckley of Redlands
won in 3 mln. 10 2-5 sec, 11. M. Voorhees
of Pomona second.
120-yard hurdle, ten hurdles — R. Noble,
Chaffey College, won In 20 sec; C. B.
Bettls. Pasadena, second.
16-pound shot— W. J. Cutter won, 34
feet 6 inches; B. Larue second, 32 feet 6
inches.
Pole vault— Cutter won. 9 feet 10 inches.
OEPHETJM LASS THE WINNER.
Results of the Finals in the Los
Angeles Coursing Park.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 22.— Another big
crowd was present at Agricultural Park
to-day, when the ties and finals of Sun
day's coursing matches were run off. The
weather was perfect and the sport was
the best ever seen on a local coursing
field.
Besides the coursing, there were two
horse races: the first a trotting heat, one
mile, with the following entries: Helen,
Majrgie Mac and Akita, for a purse of $100.
Helen won in 2:28, with Maggie Mac sec
ond and Aklta third. The second was a
running race, heats, six furlongs, with
the following entries: Prince Hooker,
Sister Vickey and Vishun, each carrying
110 pounds. Prince Hooker won in l:l ri 4,
with Sister Vickey second and Vishun
third.
The coursing matches resulted as fol
lows:
First ties — Lip Steadman beat B B and
S; Red Dick beat Sky Ball; Peachie beat
Jack; Sailor Girl beat Monte; Kittle Scott
beat Fannie S; E V H beat Monday Noon;
"White Chief beat Monday Morning;
Grand Pap beat Lady Wallace; Innocent
Daisy beat Grace II; Beauty beat Queen;
Snooze beat Sailor Boy; Ormonde beat
Dawning; Cyclone beat Barney; Here We
Are Beat Prince; Orpheum Lass beat
Juliet; Romeo beat Polcer Davis.
Second ties— Lip Steadman beat Red
Dick; 8a;?or Girl beat Peachie; Kitty
Scott beat E V H: White Chief . beat
Grand Pap; Innocent Daisy beat Beauty;
Ormonde beat Snooze; Cyclone beat Here
We Are; Orpheum Lass beat Romeo.
Third ties— Lip Steadman beat Sailor
Girl; White Chief beat Kitty Scott; Inno
cent Daisy beat Ormonde; Orpheum Lass
beat Cyclone.
Fourth ties— Lip Steadman beat White
Chief; Orpheura Lass beat Innocent
Daisy.
Final— Orpheum Lass beat Lip Stead
man, taking - first money; Lip Steadman
second. Innocent Daisy third, with the
rest divided.
. ♦ — ' :•-" '
Waterloo for the Favorites.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 21.— Weather
fine; track fair. Meddler was the only
winning favorite of the day.
Six furlongs, selling— Meddler won, Sis
ter Clara second, Ferryman 111 third.
Time, 1:15.
One mile, selling— Mr. Easton won, Flop
second, Caddie C third. Time, l:44Vi.
One mile, selling— Neoedah won, Jim
Hogg second, Fed Barr third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, handicap— Ella Penzance
won, Eton Jacket second, Robinson third.
Time, 1:15%.
Seven furlongs— Rover won. Stanza sec
ond. Little Bramble third. Time, 1:30.
Oi c mile, selling— l. T. Cator won, Gioja
second, L W third. Time. 1:43%.
Englishmen Ploir 'TPnnfTinll "
REDDING, Feb. 22.— 1n a. hotly contest
ed game of football here to-day the Pen
ryn Club of Placer County won from the
Keswick team by a score of 1 to 0. The
game was played under the English asso
ciation rules and the players were all En
glishmen. A banquet was given in honor
of the victorious team.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 189 S.
VETERANS
PARADE AT
LOS ANGELES
Three Thousand Old
Soldiers in Line
of March.
A Reunion of Blue and
Gray of Southern
California.
Men Who Fought in the Sixties
Honor the Name of
"Washington.
SPEECHES AND BANQUET.
Martial Tunes and the Old Army Veils
Resound in the City's
Streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— The vete
rans of the blue and the gray,
residents in Los Angeles County,
united to-day in commemorating
the birthday of the Father of
his Country. It was no extempor
aneous affair, but a well planned and
programmed celebration, lasting
through the entire day. In the morning
there was a parade, in which 3000
Union veterans participated. The Con
federate veterans were not invited to
participate in the parade for the rea
son that the national commander of
the Grand Army of the Republic has by
ukase forbidden such a thing. Despite
this fact there was quite a sentiment
among the Union veterans in favor of
extending to them an invitation, but in
order to prevent any trouble and a pos
sible reprimand from the national com
mander it was not done.
The parade formed at 10 o'clock and
the procession moved at once, cover
ing nearly all the principal streets of
the city. It was quite an inspiring
spectacle — 3000 veterans of a war that
closed thirty-three years ago. Many of
them were maimed and crippled, while
one totally disabled comrade was
wheeled in his chair by a half-dozen of
his fellow-cotnrades.
After the usual mounted police at the
head of the column came the rifle squad
of the local police force, comprising
twenty-six men under the command of
Captain M. A. Roberta. The men made
an excellent showing, as they were
well drilled and well uniformed. Then
came the Soldiers' Home band, an or
ganization made up of Union veterans
who are living at the National Home.
Chief Marshal C. F. Derby and his
aides, William Young, chief of staff,
and Henry Enispar, chief bugler, fol
lowed. The Union Veterans' Legion,
made up of 300 old soldiers from the
National Home, came under the com
mand of Moses Wiley. These men were
excellently drilled.
Individual veterans from the home
followed, representing the Uncle Sam,
the John A. Martin and the Rosecrans
posts of the Grand Army and the
Naval Veterans' Association. Long
Beach Post of Long Beach, Godfrey
Post of Pasadena, Dan Bidwell Post of
Norwalk, Glendale Post of Glendale,
Fort Fisher Post of Santa Monica, Po
mona Post of Pomona, Shiloh Post of
Compton and Burnside Post of Azusa
followed in the order given. The
veteran drum corps under the com
mand of Captain Sam Kutz was fol
lowed by the three local posts of the
Grand Army— Stanton, Kenesaw and
Frank Bartlett.
The parade was witnessed by a dense
throng of people, who stood along the
sidewalk on the line of march. When
the drum corps struck up some of the
old-time martial tunes the old soldiers
could restrain themselves no longer.
They broke forth in the old army-song
chorus, and although their voices were
weak and husky they made the streets
ring with their enthusiasm.
After marching for about an hour the
column headed for Hazards' Pavilion.
There a bounteous luncheon had been
prepared for the Relief Corps. The food
had been generously contributed by the
citizens of Los Angeles, and every old
soldier and his family were invited to
eat to their hearts' content. The supply
was amply sufficient.
As soon as tables cauld be cleared
away the afternoon exercises began,
but for about an hour prior to this the
veterans held informal reunions in the
corridors and in front of the Pavilion.
Comrades who had not before in a
long time came together and talked of
old times and of the boys of the same
regiment they were in who had gone
before.
Superior Judge B. U. Smith called
those in the Pavilion to order for the
afternoon exerciseß. In doing so he
made a few very pleasant remarks ap
propriate to the occasion. The Veteran
Drum Corps rendered a stirring army
march, after which Rev. W. A. Knigh
ton invoked the divine blessing. The
comrades then made a number of short
speeches, which were full of patriotism
and manifestation of love of country
and flag. A number of amusing inci
dents of army and prison life were re
lated.
Among those who spoke were Captain
A. M. Simpson, Comrade A. C. Shafer,
Colonel R. B. Treat, Comrade H. C.
Goodlng and General H. A. Pierce.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.—Representa
tive Barham of California said to the
Call correspondent to-night that he was
heartily in favor of the bill of Repre
sentative Shaffroth of Colorado provid
ing for the cession of arid lands by the
Federal Government to the several States;
that he would give the measure his ear
nest support and believed It would be
passed by Congress.
Hugh Craig of San Francisco is In
Washington and was to-day a guest of
Speaker Reed at the Capitol, occupying
his private seat in the gallery of the
House. Mr. Craig will appear with Rep
resentative Loud before the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors on Friday
next in the interest of having Arch and
Shag rocks removed from San Francisco
Bay.
The Senate to-day confirmed the nomi
nation of O. W. Maultby as postmaster
at Santa Barbara. Cal.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 25c*
JOHNSON
STRIKES AT
ANNEXATION
First Gun for the
Opposition in the
House.
Appeal for Adherence to
Traditions of the
Nation.
Protests of the Indianan
Against a Surrender to
Cupidity.
WANTS NO MORE COOLIES.
Outbursts of Tremendous Applause
Attest the Sentiment of His
Auditors.
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 22.
The speech of Representative Henry
U. Johnson of Indiana in the House to
day, opposing the annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands, is the talk of Wash
ington to-night. It was a brilliant ef
fort and created a sensation. He was
not only applauded by members of his
own party, but when he had concluded
the Democratic side (almost a unit in
their opposition to annexation) as well
as a goodly number of .Representatives
on Mr. Johnson's side of the House,
arose and cheered wildly. He aroused
the members to a high pitch of en
thusiasm. His speech is Justly re
garded as one of the most brilliant
that have ever been delivered in Con
gress. His delivery was as rapid as
usual, and he maintained his reputa
tion as the fastest speaker in Congress.
Thoughtful Republicans see that they
are forced to abandon the annexation
scheme. It is stated by conservative
members this evening that the treaty
will be abandoned by the Senate within
the next ten days, and they admit that
annexation by joint resolution, in view
of the pending Spanish troubles, is very
doubtful, if not hopeless. The speech
of Johnson in the House is taken as a
warning. The scheme need not look
for support by fair and patriotic men
in that body if attempted by joint legis
lation.
Johnson's clear and emphatic de
nunciation of annexation fell like a
bombshell upon the annexationists in
the House. He has been the recognized
supporter of the administration in all
its policies in the past. Always a clear
and convincing speaker, to-day John
son astonished all who heard him by
the force and emphasis of his argu
ment. The crowded galleries broke into
frequent applaus • and members of
both sides arowtied about him to hear
his remarks and tncourage him to con
tinue.
The reason for leading Republicans
abandoning the administration on this
issue is well understood. They feel
there will be enough coast to defend
along the Atlan.ic, Pacific and Gulf
States in- the near future without un
dertaking a patrol of islands 2000 miles
out in the Pacific. To guard Hawaii in
case of hostilities would be to divert
from important duty battle-ships that
will be none too numerous and effect
ive for protecting our present posses
sions.
The Republicans acknowledge the
force of this argument, and in the face
of impending trouble with Spain shrink
from undertaking more work than will
be forced upon them under existing
conditions.
Republican Senators admit that the
treaty cannot command two-thirds of
the vote of that body, and are urging
Chairman Davis to bring the debate t >
an end by recommitting or abandoning
it. They know that a joint resolution
for annexation would bring endless de
bate in the open Senate.
In the House it would meet with the
opposition of Reed as well as many Re
publicans who realize the burden it
would be to take care of Hawaii under
the difficulties now menacing this coun-
try.
Morrill of Vermont, the oldest member
of the Senate, created great surprise
when he spoke against annexation, but
the speech of Johnson to-day has de
moralized the supporters of the scheme
in the House. Some regard it as evi
dence that the administration is willing
to see the scheme defeated, and all ad
mit there will be a large falling off in
the vote which they have counted on in
the House for securing annexation by
joint resolution.
"When Johnson finished he was con
gratulated with great earnestness by
Bailey and many members of the Dem
ocratic side, and the heartiness with
which he was applauded by members of
his own party showed very clearly that
his speech had carried conviction there
also.
Johnson, in opening, referred to the
contest now on in the Senate over Ha
waiian annexation, and said the friends
and supporters of the treaty, both in
side and outside of the Senate, were
turning heaven and earth to secure its
adoption, and that President McKinley
was laboring to change the convictions
of Senatorial opponents of the measure.
He discussed the recent visit of Presi
dent Dole and suggested that the Ha
waiian nation, unlike the United States,
had everything to gain and nothing to
lose. He urged concentration of popu
lar attention on the issue and the dis
abuse of the minds of the people of er
roneous impressions, and asserted that,
once put to the test, either in the Sen
ate or in the House, the American peo
ple would be quick to discover the dan
ger involved and so condemn it.
"It will be buried," he said, "beyond
the possibility even of an ultimate res
urrection." [Applause.]
"I am opposed to the annexation of
Hawaii," he continued, "because I be
lieve the people of Hawaii are opposed
to it. I am not to be confused by this
special plea that the real sentiment of
the people of the Sandwich Islands is
only to be obtained from the views of
those who assume to govern them.
That, sir, is the merest technicality.
There is no room here for the applica
tion of the narrow doctrine of estop
pal."
Whether the present Government of
Hawaii was a de facto or a de jure
Government, he declared, it misrepre
sented the people of Hawaii.
"When it was charged, in 1893, at the
time when the republic succeeded the
monarchy, that the revolution was aid
ed by the interposition of American cit
izens, I did not believe it was true,"
said Jphnson, "and I denied it very
vigorously at the time, but the per
sistency with which this treaty of an
nexation is being pressed gives color
to the accusation then made, and which
I then so earnestly denounced."
Johnson, continuing, gave some of
the reasons which impelled him to op
position to annexation. One was the
ignorance of the population of Hawaii.
How long had it been, he asked, since
we had passed a bill to keep out the
ignorance of the Old World that we now
proposed to annex territory in which
ignorance was the rule, not the excep
tion. We had passed the Chinese ex
clusion act; now it was proposed to
annex territory which contained a
large Chinese population. He did not
favor the holding of territory under the
shadow of the American flag. A.colon
ial policy might be adapted to the na
tions of antiquity, but it would not do
for a free country which derived its
powers from the consent of the gov
erned. It would be unwise and short
sighted, he said, if we should cut loose
from all the traditions of the past and
rashly embark on the unknown sea of
territorial aggrandizement. We had
confined our expansion to contiguous
territory in the acquisition of Florida,
Louisiana and Texas. In 1853, under
inllmore's Presidency, we had been
wise enough and sensible enough to re
ject these yen- islands. We had also
rejected the proffer of the mob of St.
ihomas and under the administration
or General Grant Congress had voted
down a proposition to purchase San
Domingo.
Only once had we departed from our
rule— in the purchase of Alaska from
Kussia— and only the ruture could de
termine whether that had been a wise
move.
Possession of extraneous territory
meant a constant source of irritation.
The history of the world proved this.
It was urged that the Sandwich Islands
were the key to the Pacific. Their strat
egic importance was emphasized as if
guns mounted there could command the
Nicaragua canal and the Pacific Coast,
thousands of miles away.
The annexation of Hawaii would es
tablish a bad precedent. The appetite
grew by what it fed upon. To-day the
cry was "Give us Hawaii," to-morrow
it would be "Give us Cuba," and the
next day "Give us Samoa." These ap
peals would all be justified by the plea
sant sophistries which appealed to our
vanity and cupidity, until at last we
would find ourselves irretrievably com
mitted to a policy unnecessary to the
material happiness of our people,
hurrying along a path which was
strewn with the wrecks of empires and
of nations. (Applause.)
He did not deny,- he said, that the ac
quisition of foreign territory had added
to the prosperity of nations. But his
tory showed it to have been ultimately
a source of weakness. Cupidity bred
opposition, it piled up taxes, it shed
human blood, it was the first step
toward dismemberment. Let the na
tions of the Old World pursue this pol
icy of aggrandizement to their hearts'
content; let them saddle their people
with debt, equip armies and navies and
shed oceans of blood. Let England
boast, if she pleased, that the sun never
sets upon her territory. But lot us re
member that it never goes down upon
the misery her policy has created. Her
people starve in India. Let wars and
rumors of wars bring anxiety to the
faces of her colonists, but let the flower
of her colonies, which broke away from
her domination 100 years ago, and
which, by pursuing the opposite policy,
has outstripped her. continue to stand
as an example to the civilized world.
While others seek war and its horrors
let us soothe our people with enduring
peace. "Peace hath her victories no
less renowned than war.
"We are in the Infancy of our re
sources, the morning of our material
development. We will be wise, he
said, to develop our matchless country.
The internal reforms which our coun
try demands present a field broad
enough to list our best efforts, the pur
ification of the ballot, the crushing of
the rings and trusts which plunder our
people without stint, the restriction of
immigration, the establishment of a
fixed and stable standard of value and
the reform of our banking laws afford
work for us to do. Let us not be
known and execrated as the boisterous
bullies of the Western hemisphere. Our
country Is all powerful, the world con
cedes cur strength.
"While I am proud of our navy."
continued Johnson, impressively, "I
sometimes think that the powerful
battle ships we have built have bred
feelings of intolerance and insolence. It
is not more true that a plethoric treas
ury breeds public plunder than that a
well equipped army and navy rashly
leads tcr friction and war. Let our
equipment insure peace rather than
provoke war. (Applause.) While it
may seem that these remarks are pre
mature, and that I have taken too firm
a grip on the forelock of time, it is my
purpose to sound the alarm, that the
House and the country may under
stand the character of the proposition
pending in the Senate. My information
is that the treaty will fail in the Sen
ate, but it will be supplanted by a joint
resolution providing for the annexa
tion of the islands. Ido not doubt its
passage by the Senate and that it will
come here. If the Senate fails to do its
duty, let us, fresh from the people, ex
ercise our high prerogative and send it
to its doom. (Applause.)
"I trust God it will not be made a
party measure. With exalted patriot
ism and deliberate counsels we will
reach a . conclusion worthy of this
House and the country and erect a
safeguard for the future. If we turn
from this temptation now and adhere
to the right, twenty-five years of peace
and prosperity will vindicate our pa
triotism and posterity will bless our
memories. Let us have the moral cour
age to say 'No' to a policy which will
lead, God alone knows where."
The demonstration which greeted the
conclusion of Mr. Johnson's speech was
one of the greatest and most spontane
ous witnessed in this Congress. Many
of the Republicans joined in, and the
galleries, which were crowded, gave
evidence of approval. Members throng
ed about the Indiana member when he
took his seat and warmly congratulated
him.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 22.— Six furlongs,
selling— Hugh Penny won, Takanassee
second, W C T third. Time, 1:14%.
Seven furlongs— Tabouret won, Arezzo
Becond, Elkln third. Time, 1:29%.
Six furlongs, selling— Mazeppa won,
Stockholm second, Little Music third.
Time, 1:15.
George Washington handicap, value
$]000. one mile — Mazarine won, Brighton
second, David third. Time, 1:41^4.
Six furlongs— Elsie Bramble won, Percy
F second, Randazzo third. Time. 1:16^,.
One mile, selling— Ma Petite won, Hot
Stuff second, Jack Hayes third. Time.
1:43%.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LiEßia'Company's T£t wfif
LIEBIQ LUlliPaliy > ;; O f Beef o|i
The essence of all that's best in beef. Made from the best , /@W§k -\ &l
parts of the best cattle, raised on the company's grazing fields fflmLwk "*
in Uruguay. That's why it is the best, and for over thirty ■■ wSBBm/'---
years unapproached for purity and fine flavor. . vl #**
Genuine has /7 _^ * Wwjffl
this signature V~{~Z&L£**4~il*c I II /
in blue : Q gJ It g:oes a lon£ way. M i
PLEADING
THE CAUSE
OF ZOLA
Laborie Reviews the
Alfred Dreyfus
Case.
Cites Proof That the Exile
Was Wrongly Con
victed.
Evidence Substantiating Asser
tions of the Novelist Now
on Trial.
CHEERED BY THE CROWD.
The Counsel's Calm Arraignment of
Army Chiefs Excites
Applause.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS* Feb. 22.— The precincts and |
lobbies of the Palace of Justice were j
deserted to-day, the fourteenth of the
trial of M. M. Zola and Pellieux for the
allegations which the former brought
in the Aurore, published by the latter,
against the conduct of the Esterhazy
court-martial. The Assizes Court it
self was thronged. M. Laborie, counsel i
for M. Zola, resumed his argument for
the defense. He chronologically re
viewed the case from the arrest of Al
fred Dreyfus, pointing out that, as Ma
jor Paty dv Clam interdicted Dreyfus
from speaking, the announcement of
his arrest, published by the Libre Par
ole and Eclaire, must have been com
municated by the Ministry for Wor.
Continuing, M. Laborle charged the
Libre Parole and Eclair with lying in
regard to the guilt of Dreyfus, and re
ferred to Major Paty dv Clam's at
tempt to intimidate Dreyfus and to
Major Forzinetti's belief in the lat
ter's innocence. He also dealt with the
court-martial's decision to conduct the
trial in secret in spite of the protests
of tho press. He said this was the rea
son of the unceasing protests in behalf
of Dreyfus, "which troubled all high
minded persons," adding:
"The strength of those of our adver
saries who are acting in good faith
lies in their belief that the whole af
fair was conducted with justice and
legality; but the facts do not bear out
this belief." (Murmurs.)
Counsel for the defense then de
clared that eight months prior to the
arrest of Dreyfus the Minister of "War
possessed photographs of the paper
containing the expression, "That
scoundrel of a D ," and showing
that a French officer had relations
with two former military attaches.
This document, M. Laborie pointed
out, did not refer to Dreyfus; but, all
the same, the culpability of Dreyfus
was founded upon it, and it was the
document which the veiled lady hand
ed to Major Esterhazy, the latter sur
rendering it to the Minister of War
only on securing a receipt. Referring
to General Mercler, M. Laborie said:
"Maybe he is a brave soldier, but
he is not familiar with great affairs.
In the absence of proofs he substituted
his own arbitrary impression, and thus
had an innocent man condemned."
Counsel also asked why the docu
ment referring to "That scoundrel
D " had not been previously spoken
of, as the defense could have brought
into court foreigners who disputed its
genuineness. The statement caused a
commotion in court and the presiding
Judge interrupted counsel to say:
"We would not have heard them."
"If we did not summon them," con
tinued M. Laborie, "it was because we
wished to discuss between Frenchmen
alone an affair solely concerning
Frenchmen. However, opinions may
differ in this affair— in the hour of
danger we all show a solid front to
the foreigner." (Applause.)
Then, denouncing the action of the
prosecution in having Dreyfus write
from dictation, counsel said:
"Such a trick proved the emptiness
of the prosecution, for had they pos
sessed proof of his guilt they would
not have had resource to such theatri
cal effects at the opening of the court
martial, and. the judges, having only
the bordereau, would have acquitted
Dreyfus, had not, contrary to all laws,
their judgment been led astray by the
secret communication of the docu
ment."
After reading an account of the
court-martial he added:
"I have all the papers concerning the
affair in my hands, and I solemnly af
firm that there is nothing in them
against Dreyfus. I pledge you my
honor, gentlemen, that there is no
proof against Dreyfus."
The statement made a commotion
and there were remarks of approba
tion among the public.
A short adjournment of the court fol
lowed, during which a number of per
sons shook hands with M. Laborie,
whose moderate but firm utterances
made a considerable Impression upon
the audience. When the hearing was
resumed, M. Laborie referred to the
alleged confession of Dreyfus to Cap
tain Lebrun-Renault, and remarked:
"If a written report of it exists it
was drawn up as an afterthought and
I could have proved it by a witness
had Captain Lebrun-Renault testi
fied." , ..
M. Laborie then gave a description
of the degradation of Dreyfus. H'j
recalled that amid shouts of "Death
from the pitiless crowd, Dreyfus had
not ceased to cry "Vive la France,
and swear, upon the heads of his
wife and children, that he was com
pletely innocent.
"Dreyfus," M. Laborie asserted,
"only appealed for one act of mercy
—that the Ministry should continue the
inquiry." (Commotion.)
After the court adjourned M. Laborie
received a veritable ovation, cries of
"Vive Laborie," mingled with counter
cries of "Vive l'Armee" and "A bas les
Juifs." The public emerged from the
court in a state of excitement, but
there was no disorder. M. Laborie
will continue his address to-morrow.
SONOMA DAY AT THE
CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR.
Thousands of Guests From Sur-
rounding Towns Entertained
at the Big Pavilion.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 22.—Clover
dale's sixth annual citrus fair— the
most successful ever held in Northern
California — came to an end this even
ing. Every train from north and south
brought its quota of visitors to-day,
but it remained for the excursionists
from Petaluma. Santa Kosa, Geyser
ville and Healdsburg to cause the side
walks to overflow and the streets to be
congested with foot traffic. Two sec
tions of a train, numbering twenty-two
cars, brought 3500 people eager for the
success of Sonoma County day.
The pavilion had been furnished and
burnished for the occasion. Flowers
and foliage that had become withered
were replaced and the occasional va
cancies caused by sly thefts of oranges
were filled with newly gathered fruit.
The programme of the day began at
1 o'clock with a concert by the Clover
dale Cornet Band. When the opening
air, "The Star-spangled Banner," was
struck up deafening applause sounded
from the four corners of the pavilion.
Then the stars and stripes were un
furled, while louder rolled the ap
plause. In addition to the selections by
the band glee clubs from the various
towns represented by the excursionists
lent their harmonies.
Union Hall was made the scene of the
last, act in the reign of King Citrus VI.
Here dancing was indulged in toward
the hours of morn.
DISCOVERS A WRECK
WITH BODIES ON BOARD.
BOSTON*, Feb. 22.— There is scarcely a
doubt that the British ship Asia, bound
from Manila for this port, was wrecked
near Nantucket during the gales of the
past few days, and that her entire crew
of twenty men has perished. This con
clusion is not only '^me out by wreck
age, consisting of the stern of a boat
with "Asia" painted on it, yards and
other materials, which were cast ashore
at Monomoy, but Captain Haley of this
city telephoned from Woodhull to-night
that while the tugboat E. V. McCauloy
was steaming out to the barge Kxcelsior,
which lies sunk on Handkerchief Shoal,
be saw positive" evidence of the wreck of
a large scjuare-rigged v*^;! And recov
ered two bodies from ar Portion of a dis
mantled hull.
Captain Haley said thafr while off the
Handkerchief lightship " 'tii« tug passed
through a large amoun?-m wreckage, in
cluding bales of hemp, broken spars and
broken ship timbers. Drifting in the
mi'lst of this mass was a portion of the
wreck, on which the bodies wen.- lashr.l.
It was discovered that the bQdiei were
those of a man and a little girl, appar
ently 10 or 12 years old. They were fast
in the mlzzen chains. The tug quickly
headed in the direction of the wreck and
the crew released the bodies, the tug re
turning immediately to Woodhull, whero
the news was sent to this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE _SUFFERING~
From Dyspepsia and Stomach y
M Trouble.
INSTANTLY RELIEVED AND PERMANENTLY
CURED.
A New Discovery, But Not a Potent
Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remark-
able cure of acute stomach trouble and
chronic dyspepsia by the use of the new
discovery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: The patient was a man who
had suffered to my knowledge for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate
seemed to sour and create acid and
gases in the stomach; he had pains like
rheumatism in the back, shoulder
blades and limbs, fullness and distress
after eating, poor appetite and lobs c«f
flesh; the heart became affected, caus-
ing palpitation and sleeplessness at
night.
I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As
an experiment I finally bought a fifty
cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at a drug store and gave them
to him. Almost immediate relief was
given, and after he had used four boxea
he was to all appearances fully cured.
There was no more acidity or sour
watery risings, no bloating after meals,
the appetite was vigorous and he has
gained between 10 and 12 pounds in
weight of solid, healthy flesh.
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and sold in drug stores,
yet I consider them a most valuable ad-
dition to any physician's line of reme-
dies, as they are perfectely harmless j
and can be given to children or invalids
or in any condition of the stomach with
perfect safety, being harmless and con-
taining nothing but vegetable and fruit
essences, pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
Without any question they are tha
safest, most effective cure for indiges-
tion, biliousness, constipation and all
derangements of the stomach however
slight or severe.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by druggists everywhere at fifty cents
for full sized package.
oooooooooooooooboo
%*■"■? PALACE v?%
° GRAND HOTEf
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
*f (Jnnnected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. &
O All Onto One Ma.vaokmext. O
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : O
O European Plan.»l.OO perday and "P^rd Q
° American Plan.*3. OO per day and up* ard v
O" •-' Correspondence, Solicited.- O
O-V:f JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, M»n»g«r. q
o b 0000 o o 000 oo'oo.ooo
HcMUNN'S ADI I l IH
elixir of vr^a^^iwi
The »ur» er*t ntlM ertmct from the naMre drojr. Con«
tains all the Tnhml.le m.-<liclnal properties of Or nm
wittiout 't8 noxious elfmentii. No nU-kneas cf «omx.-h|
BO "omit J» ;no costlvf neia , no headache. All Dru^ .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
..riRW AND WASHINGTON- STS—
K Modeled «nd renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO European- plan. Rooms Me to $1 50day,
« i to IS week. $!< to *30 month. Free baths: *
|^go^,rr« r or t% ru rr n y , Wt " "^
Weak Men and Women
SHOtn,n l'»K DAMtANA niTTKRS. "HH
•trcn«tU to the •*su»l cr«»u».FIRST IN WAR - FIRST IN PEACE -
FIRST IN THE HEARTS OF HIS COUNTRYMEN
WASHINGTON'S birthday]
was made a great patriotic
holiday. Never since the
Revolution has it fallen on
more patriotic times. The
excitement following the loss
of the Maine has aroused the loyalty
and enthusiasm of the American peo
ple all over the country, and yesterday
Jt was brought to the front. There was
no general military parade as in former
years. The enthusiasm of the soldiers
was turned to a more practical vein.
They were engaged all day In prepar
ing the defenses of the harbor to repel
should one appear in consequence
of the recent disaster in the harbor of
Havana. The civilians, however, ob-
Berved the day as a festival. There
■were meetings and receptions during
the day, and in the evening there were
:?ts and entertainments at which
the memory of the Father of the Coun
try was duly honored. The athletic
g men celebrated the day by in
dulging in their favorite sr-orts. The
- al flag was displayed to a wider
t than ever before on this anni
\ ersary.
A.l all the meetings the addresses,
while filled to overflowing- with patriot
ism, contained warm expressions of
sympathy for the heroes of the Maine
iter and for the families and rela
- <>f those who went to their deaths
within the walls of the battle-ship.
HONOR THE NAME
OF WASHINGTON.
Members of the Y. M. I. Commem-
orate the Birth of the Father
of His Country.
The annual reunion of the San Fran
cisco Councils of the Young Men's In-
Btitute filled Metropolitan Hall yester
day afternoon with a patriotic and en
thusiastic audience. The exercises
■were in commemoration of the birth
-orge Washington, and the large
hall was tastefully and suitably dec
orated. On the platform when the
proceedings opened were the following
vice-presidents of the different coun
cils: W. H. McClellan, M. E. King,
A. B. Maguire, E. J. O'Rourke, Martin
W. Fleming. It. A. Miller, J. J. Shea
han, George W. Patterson, S. Pack
man, M. J. Waldheimer, Richard Dow
dall, Robert Tobin, F. J. Kierce, P. H.
Hammond, Samuel Haskins. John T.
Geary, E. B. Thomas, J. J. McDade,
George A. Stanley, Frank Murasky,
Martin E. King, Charles L. Healey, E.
J. Coffey, W. J. Hoey, Charles J. Har
rington, T. P. O'Brien, R. E. Fazacker
ley, j. T. Kavanaugh, Philip Prince
valle, J. F. Callaghan, D. E. Hayden,
H. A. Burke, John Looney, P. C. Keitz,
Ed D. Sullivan, John J. Duddy, P. J.
Hagan, Harry Kugelberg, A. Pilcovieh,
John A. Dunbravy, J. E. Gallagher and
F. E. Mahoney.
K. B. Thomas, the chairman of the
committee of arrangements, opened the
] roeeedings. In his address he spoke
of the appropriateness of the day for
such a reunion. "'The meeting of the
members of the councils of the Young
Men's Institute on this occasion," he
said, "Is to do honor to the memory
of the man who stands as our exem
plar of human freedom, George
Washington,"
John T. Greany, the president of the
day, in his address said: "It has been
the custom for years at these reunions
t'» honor the memory of the father of
our country. It has also been cus
tomary to congratulate ourselves on
the peace of our country. I had ono
of those peaceful speeches prepared,
but the telegraph and the cable com
menced to work and I had to change
it. I do not believe war is Imminent.
It has not yet been discovered that the
Maine was destroyed by an enemy, but
if it is, and the President issues a
proclamation defying the treacherous
foe, I have no doubt there will be a
rally from the ranks of the Tountf
Men's Institute, and they will stand
ready to do battle for their country
wherever duty calls them."
Mrs. Edith Stanley Griffin gave a
contralto solo, "Mount Vernon's Bells,"
and she was obliged to respond to an
encore. S. J. Daly gave a bass solo.
J. P. Grodjens also sang and Thomas
W. Hickey was called on for, several
recitations.
The orator of the day was Rabbi M.
S. Levy. He expressed appreciation of
th« honor of being appointed orator of
the occasion. "We want to be patrio
tic." he said, "not for years is patriot
ism more needed than it is at present.
We want to teach our young men pa
triotism and loyalty to country. At
this time the nation is .on the tip toe
<if excitement. Innocent men serving
their country loyally have been sent to
meet their creator by an act that
seems impossible of explanation. Mil
lions of eyes are turned to the national
peat of government waiting to hear the
cause of disaster. I believe It was due
to an accident, but should it prove to
be from an act of treachery Columbia's
pons wijl be found equal to cope with
the emergency and to- be equal to that
< t" 1 any nation on the earth. When I
was asked to address this Fathering I
did not hesitate in giving my consent.
I felt bound to speak to this gathering,
opposite though we afe in religious
sentiment, but as one as Americans
and friends. We cherish the immortal
name of George Washingtc-n. We can
not perform acts that will link our
names with his, but give us the oppor
tunity and we will by our deeds of
Talor give our names a place of honor.
America convinced of her debt to her
Immortal sire has conferred the holiest
and noblest title upon him — father of
our country, noble siro and father of
religious toleration. Millions are doing
honor to that name to-day, but none do
it greater honor than the members of
the Young Men's Institute of Califor
nia."
THEY SMASHED
CLAY PIGEONS.
An Enthusiastic Tournament Under
the Auspices of the Lincoln
Gun Club.
The first blue rock, shoot of the sea
son was held yesterday at Alameda
Point under the auspices of the Lincoln
Gun Club. The s:ason doeß not prop
erly begin until March, but yesterday's
shoot was a prelude merely, and as
6uch was successful in every particu
lar. Members of the Reliance, Olympic,
Alameda and Lincoln Gun Clubs were
there to take advantage of the first op
portunity for match shooting since the
close of last season. A f°irer day for
gunners could not have been had.
Hardly a breath of air disturbed the
si~ht of the blue rock smashers. Bar
rels of clay pigeons were on hand, and
the iconoclasts did not cease in their
strife for scores until all were demol
ished.
h The first event was for fifteen birds.
Webb 15, took first money; Ross, 14.
second money; Nauman, Bekeart
Fisher and Forster divided third
money, all breaking thirteen birds. The
score in full is as follows:
F. Vernon 11. Kerrison 10, Shaw 12. Trom
bone 11, Nauman 13, Webb 15. Slnkwitz 9 Kle
vesahl 11, Murdock 12, Taylor 12. blade 10.
Bekeart 13. Old Rusty 8, Fisher 13, Ross 14,
Hoyt 10, Forster IS.
The second event was for 20 birds.
Webb again captured first money,
breaking 19 birds; Bekeart. 18, took
second money; Ross and Slade, 17.
17, third money, and H. Vernon. 16,
fourth money. The other scores were:
F Vernon 12, H. Vernon 16. Shaw 12. Trom
bone 18. Nauman IS. Webb 1S», Ward 10. Hoyt
11 Bekeart IS, Fisher 12, Klevesahl IS. Wal
ker ». Rosa 17, Slade 17, Taylor 12, Rusty 20,
Third event. 20 birds— Rinkwltz 12, P. Ver
nnn 16. Klevesahl IG. Nauman IS, Webb 17.
Kerison 16, Bekeart 17. Shaw 14. Gibson 6,
Tajrtor 9 Grant 16. Golcher is. Foster 12.
Nauman and W. J. Golrher divided first
money Webb and Bekeart second money.
Klevesahl and Grant third money.
Fourth event. 15 birds— H. Vernon 8. Old
Rusty 12. FUde 14, Trombone 13, Nauman 12,
Webb 16, QolCher 12. Klevesahl 13, Shaw S.
MnrdOCk 9, Ross 13, Grant 13. Taylor 11. Ward
7, F. Vernon 8. Olsen 15. Bekeart 12, Gibson
S, Pebenham 10. Wetmore 11, Forster 10, Ker
rlson 12, Forster 10, Price 11.
Webb Ddk first money with 16 birds, Slade
second money with 14 birds. Klevesahl. Ross
and Grant divided third money.
Fifth event. 15 birds— Ward 7. Shaw 8, F.
Vernon 6. Trombone 10. Nauman 11, Webb 14,
Walker 8, Kerrison 12, price 9. Golcher 12.
Grant 12. Kleveeabl 10, Olsen 12. Old Rusty
12. Slade 9, Taylor 12, Ross 14, Debenham U.
Webb anil Ross divided first money, Taylor,
Grant. Old Rusty and Golcher second money.
DINED IN THE
CAPTAIN'S CABIN.
Pleasant Evening Spent on Board
the Naval Militia's Ship
Marion.
The old warship Marion was alive
with light and merriment last evening,
for the officers of the naval militia and
their ladies were dining in the captain's
cabin. It was the first affair of the
kind ever held by the reserves, and the
success of the event has drawn forth
demands for an early repetition.
It was at first intended to hold a re
ception to the officers of the National
Guard during the afternoon, but in
view of the disaster to the Maine it
was deemed more suitable to hold no
public ceremony.
At 7 o'clock the three long cables in
the cabin were filled, Captain Turner
presiding- in the center and Lieutenant-
Commander Nerney and Lieutenant-
Commander Klngsland at the side
tables. Every officer was in- uniform,
and the whole affair was distinctly
naval in character. The menu was an
excellent one, and when it had been
thoroughly discussed toasts were
called for.
Lieutenant-Commander Nerney pro
posed the health of Lieutenant Hughes,
the navy officer detailed as inspector of
the reserve, and the toast was drunk
to him as the representative of the
service of which the reserve is a sup
plement. Then the service itself was
toasted, Lieutenant Hughes responding;
then General James, who had be-,
friended the reserve on every occasion;
then the Governor, the captain, and
Adjutant-General Barrett responding.
The President of the United States was
toasted, and then the ladies called for
the oratorical powers of Lieutenant-
Commander Nerney, Lieutenant-Com
mander Kingsland, Lieutenant Dennis,
Lieutenant Emanuel and Lieutenant
Elliott, and then Captain Turner sug
gested that another toast be taken up.
Then a toast to the out of town re
serves was responded to by Lieutenant
Llndsey, commander of the Santa Cruz
division, and then every one drank to
the boys in blue who serve in the re
serve and constitute its greatest
strength. The toasts ended with a li
lent tribute to the men of the Maine.
The dinner over every one went out
on deck and a systematic inspection of
the ship was held by the ladies. That
being over the decks were sanded and
the guests and the officers danced until
long after the time when the regula
tions presume a warship to be asleep.
Among those present were:
Captain L. H. Turner and Mrs. Turner,
Lieutenant Hughes. U. S. N., Lieutenant
Young U. S. N., Lieutenant Commander
T A Nerney and Mrs. Nerney, Chief En
gineer G. R". Kingsland and Mrs. Kings
land, Mrs. S. W. Dennis. Lieutenant C. C.
Dennis, Surgeon J. O. Morrisey, Miss
Mead, Surgeon F. \V. Harris. Mrs. Harris,
Lieutenant Carl E. Lindsay, Mrs. Lind
say. Lieutenant A. H. Elliott. Mrs. El
liott. Miss H. I. Mugarietta. Ensign G. E.
Kammerer. Ensign W. G. Morrison. Miss
Morrison, Miss Tanforan, Ensign Thomas
Hasloe. Lieutenant W. G. Elliott, Miss
(;race Welsh. Lieutenant H. B. Undorhtll,
Mrs. Underhlll, Lieutenant W. F. Burke,
Miss Burke, Mrs. K. J. C. Seymour, Miss
Hazelhurst. Ensign Smith, Miss M. Stein
man and Lieutenant J. L. Emanuel.
BOYS' BRIGADE
ANNIVERSARY.
Companies F and G Commemorate
the Birth of Washing
ton.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church last night was the scene of a
large gathering of the friends of Com
panies F and G of the First Regiment
of the Boys' Brigade of San Francisco.
The occasion was the sixth anniversary
entertainment given by the companies,
commemorating: the birth of Washing
ton. The many recalls of those par
ticipating in the following programme
evinced the approval of the audience.
The exercises were opened by a prayer
by Rev. M. V. Donaldson. The follow
ing is the programme:
Soprano solo by Miss Kstelle Baker;
recitation, selected, Clarence C. Peter
son; barytone solo, "Drifting" (O'Flyng),
Key. J. George Gibson, D.D. ; electric
sword contest. Lieutenant George Wood
bury and Private George Hanks; vocal
solo, "Thine" (Bohn), Miss Ethel Til3on;
address, Rev. J. George Gibson, D.D.,
pastor Emmanuel Baptist Church;
musical coins, Messrs. Johnson and
Hunt. Temperance dialogue, Forget-
Me-Nots: Character*— Henry Seymour,
a young man of dissipated habits, Clar
ence C. Peterson; Morgan, his servant,
William Sass. Piano duet, selected, the
Missess E. and M. Irving; soprano solo,
selected, Miss Lillian Pratican; fancy
club swinging by six young ladies, pupils
of Miss Emily Webb Giesy; cornet solo,
selected, H. Hunt; gymnastics by mem
bers of the T. M. C. A.; electric wand
calisthenics by the Primrose Drill Corps-
Miss Katie Weill, Miss Cora Bailey, Miss
Josephine Wilson, Miss Daisy Morton,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
Miss Edith McCrosson, Miss Llllie Onvon,
Miss Tillie Chandler, Miss Lizzie Frofnm,
Miss Elsie Kenealy, Miss Ida Onyon, Miss
Daisy Swaybel, Miss Laura Cooper; Miss
licrmione M. Lask, accompanist.
Close attention was given to the ad
dress delivered by the Rev. J. George
Gibson of the Emmanuel Church, in
which he illustrated how easily men are
tempted.
LEAGUE OF
IROQUOIS CLUBS.
William Jennings Bryan Indorsed
as Standard Bearer for
1900.
The annual meeting of the State
League of Iroquols Clubs was held
yesterday at the Pythian Castle. "When
the convention was called to order by
Grand Sachem Max Popper there were
about 100 delegates present.
The grand sachem in his annual ad
dress, after giving a history of the
work of the past twelve months, said
amid great applause:
"We held meetings under our aus
pices in every campaign; we attended
in a body all State conventions and in
augurations to contribute by our pres
ence to the enthusiasm that accom
panies the gathering of Democrats
when charged with a duty so satisfac
torily performed to insure the support
and approbation of all adherents of
the political faith we so steadfastly up
hold to victory or defeat. We also as
sisted at all times in extending the
hospitality of the Democracy of Cali
fornia to visiting Democrats from afar.
Particularly we contributed to perfect
the necessary arrangements and gave
proper attention to the memorable and
never-to-be-forgotten visit of our great
chieftain, the Hon. William Jennings
Bryan, the next Democratic nominee
for President of these United States,
and if all signs do not fail he will be
elected to that high and honorable of
fice in 1900."
The election of officers was next in
order, and as soon as it was announced
Grand Sachem Popper was nominated.
Popper declined the honor, saying he
was about to give up business in this
city and visit in the East for an in
definite time, and therefore he would
be unable to properly discharge the
duties. The declaration provoked loud
protests. Popper suggested Vice Grand
Sachem John C. Ruddock as his suc
cessor. That gentleman's name was
formally put to the convention, and he
was elected by acclamation. George
Cabaniss was elected vice grand sa
chem by acclamation, and Louifl
Metzger was unanimously chosen
grand treasurer. Larry J. Welch was
re-elected as grand secretary.
A resolution was adopted deploring
the Maine disaster, and other resolu
tions were placed on the minutes ad
vocating Democratic principles.
In the evening a banquet was held
at the Spreckels Cafe.
INCIDENTS OF THE BIG ROAD RACE.
The guests to the number of) two
hundred sat down at two long tables
which had been tastefully decorated
with evergreens, and the cafe through
out was likewise ornamented with
floral pieces and a huge American flag.
Gathered at the tables were men
prominent In the business, professional
and political walks of life. The doctor
rubbed elbows with the Assemblymen,
School Director, Supervisor, lawyer and
the. Senator. Each one of the guests
had a little American flag in his button
hole, and the menu cards were prettily
designed in the shape of a tomahawk,
as the emblem of the Iroquols braves,
the first page containing a picture iof
George Washington. Beside the or
chestral music the guests were enter
tained with vocal selections by J. C.
Flood, J. B. .Donahue and Charles Ban
tel.
The toastmaster of the evening was
Governor James H. Budd, and the
toasts, which were fittingly responded
to, and those who responded were as
follows:
Washington — Hon. Frank T. Shea.
Democracy — Hon. Robert Ferral.
Iroquois — Professor J. H. Simmons.
San Francisco — Mayor James D.
Phelan.
California— Hon. Walter P. Stradley.
United States— Hon. J. H. Seawell.
Several other impromptu speeches
were also delivered and the remarks
rapturously appkiuded.
The guests were: Governor James
Budd, Mayor James Phe'.an, J. V.
Merle, Judge Lemon, Hubert E. Ferral,
T. V. Moore. Dr. L. Thiele, J. E. Dona
hue, Thomas McElroy, Louis Metzger,
Thomas Whearty. Charles Holcomb, A.
D. Messagies, A. Burke, P. 11. Me^d, T.
J. Walsh, P. J. Thomas, William J.
Bryan, William McMann, J. J. Fiynn,
James Denman, Harry ZemaneKy,
Harry Mulcreavy, J. A. Murphy, Max
Popper, Carl Spelling, Peter Kelly, J.
Burns, John McCann, J. Allen, Dan J.
Gordon, Julius Toplitz, Gus Till-
Mann, A. J. Ahem, A. Fibush, Thomas
Burns, T. A. Patton, Gus Pratt,
L. F. Puter, Ed Lewis, R. H. Latimer,
Julius Relman, W. P. Stradley, Fred
Raabe, James Denman Jr., Patrick
Wellin, James L. Gallagher, J. C. Gor
man, Ed M. Gettigan, J. C. Flood, Jo
seph Leggett, H. L. Rea, J. J. Flinn,
John Kavanagh, A. C. Freese, Thomas
Ashworth, L. F. Byington, L. Leopold,
F. T. Shea, Dr. G. E. Sussdorf, C. A.
Cinch. A. C. Gibson, Ed Bynes, T. Nel
son, J. McMahon, Senator J. H. Sea
well, John C. Ruddock, A. C. Grant,
Dr. C. A. Clinton, Dr. J. T. Morse,
Judge T. B. Gibson, EL H. Venue, T. T.
Bayley, E. J. Randall, T. Anderson, J.
B. Sanford, Raleigh Barcar, T. Henry,
F. Dean, G. C. Stoddard, John Huda
ehech, F. A. Cutler, Frank Gould, Wil
liam Hinton Sr., Charles Gildea, M.
Brook, L. Woodman, John Markley,
H. M. La Rue, E. P. E. Troy, Ed Hol
land, J. J. CVBrien. William J. Broder
ick, Charles Bantel, Lawrence J. Welch,
William Hinton Jr., H. L. Bienfeld.
George Cabaniss, A. J. McGee, A. Cha
pins, M. Barman, Timothy Treacy,
James H. Barry, Senator Bart Burke.
The banquet committee, to whom is
due the successful carrying out of the
banquet in every detail, were Louis
Metzger Chairman, W. J. Bryan, M. H.
Mead. Thomas A. Burns, L. V. Merle,
Charles H. Holcomb, Fred Raabe and
John Kavanagh.
SMITH WON THE
BIG ROAD RACE
The San Jose Wheelman Makes a
New Record In the Twenty-
Five Mile Handicap.
C. M. Smith of the Clarden City
Wheelmen, San Jose, took both time
| nnd place honors in the big twenty
five-mile road race at San Leandro
! yesterday morning, adding another to
j his long list of victories on tho track
and road. With a handicao of two
minutes, he passed sixty-eight men,
finishing in first place and also making
the fastest time for the distance —
1:08:26 — which establishes a new coast
! record for the course, the best previous
! time being 1:09:34 1-5.
The California Associated Cycling
! clubs, organized some six years since
j for the promotion of road rac«3 and the
general good of the prominent clubs
l'eicabouts to be had by banding to
pe 1 her, while having recently assumed
I the more general functions whi?h the
j League of American Wheelmen fomior
ly performed on this coast, still con
tinues to promote four big annual road
events for its members. The first is a
twenty-fhv.'-mile handicap around the
Pan Leandrn triangle on Washington's
btrthday, of which yesterday's race was
the sixth, and the others are the 7.00
irilo relay In May, a twanty-mile team
race In July and a ten -mile handicap
In October.
The San Leandro triangle, so-called,
is an ideal course for a twenty-five
mile road race. ' The start is made in
the town of San Leandro on the road
leading toward Haywards. The riders
here have the base of the triangle,
which they follow in the direction of
Haywards, turning at a right angle be
fore reaching that town, which gives
the perpendicular and takes them
through San Lorenzo, when they turn
west on the county road from San Jose
giving the hypothenuse, which brings
them back to the place of starting. The
total distance thus covered is eight and
one-third miles, and by making the cir
cuit three times the required twenty
five miles are completed, and the spec
tators have seen the start of the race,
watched the riders pass them twice,
and been at the finish.
This course and the 100-mile relay
course to San Jose and back are two
of the most naturally adapted circuits
for cycle road races in the world, and
in this respect California wheelmen
are particularly favored, and the more
so because the roads are usually in
good condition, and "good roads" is the
slogan of the C. A. C. C.
The race yesterday called for 10 a. m..
and this necessitated such an early
start from this side that not many
gathered to see the men sent off, as
compared with the immense throng
that congregated at about the time
the finish was expected. The «-oad
was lined with people for a quarter
of a mile on either side of the tape,
pushing and struggling good naturedly
with each other for a coign of vantage,
and every tree and near-by house had
its quota of human freight intent on
seeing the spirited scene usual at the
finish of a road race. Ropes stretched
on either side of the road kept the
crowd in check so that the riders had
a fair field in which to finish.
Recent rain made the road rough
and muddy in places, while in others
it had improved the course by laying
the dust and hardening the roadbed.
Accidents were numerous, however,
and out of seventy-six original starters
only thirty-seven crossed the tape. No
one was severely hurt, fortunately, a
bad fall and the loss of some cuticle
being the worst reported. Among those
to suffer in this way were Louis Kra
ker, G. T. Morgan, C. S. Vogel, Clif
ford Cummings, W. Hammer, M. S.
Meyer, W. D. Wells, D. E. Francis, A.
B. Johnson, J. J. Borree, P. H. Rosen
heim. C. N. Bolte, George Kroetz, Fred
Jurgewitz, John Davidson and G. A.
Wyman.
Wyman was in the scratch bunch,
and much was expected of him, but a
punctured tire put a stop to his racing
for the day. Johnson and Francis
were both considerably bruised by falls,
Johnson nearly having an ear torn off,
and Rosenheim's wheel broke in two
and let him down on the hard earth
with a thud.
The Eastern idea of throwing water
in the faces of some of the riders to
freshen them was tried in this race.
Whether Smith, who was liberally
doused each time he came around, was
aided to his victory in this way is a
question.
Smith's ride c.t the first sixteen miles
of the journey was remarkable. In this
distance he gained over three 'minutes
on George Felix, who led as they passed
the judges the second time around, and
was in fourth position. He held this
place for the rest of the journey, sprint
ing ahead to the lead when near the
tape.
The scratch men did not help each
other as much as was expected, and
while making good time finished to
ward the last and four seconds behind
last year's record.
Smith's victory will net him in prizes
a suit of clothes and a gold watch — not
a bad day's work for an amateur.
Smith is the young man who aspired to
ride a mile paced by a locomotive in
less than one minute, and still has that
bee in his bonnet, but the necessary
arrangements could never be made
with the railroad company.
The Olympic trophy now held by the
Bay City Wheelmen, and which was
contested for in this race, was won by
the Garden City Wheelmen, the points
made being as follows: Garden City 12,
San Francisco Road Club 5, Imperials
3, Olympics 4.
The following table will show the po
sitions at the finish, handicap and net
riding time of each man:
Contestant.
§•
si a
: a.
'■ 3
: «
.1
|U. m. (iirrnn
;M. gulmby
IE. H. Ward
A. J. Clark
;A. T. Smith
IH. Schnltspan
P. M. Lefevre
'George Felix
Harry Fowler
JE. B. Languetin
Robert Black
Walter Smith
W. C. Stevens
[Arthur MacJonald ..
P. F. Nace
! August Sey fried
G. C. Ward
Roy K. Walter I
ißussell Hamilton ...
jG. R. Hardenbrook..
18. O. Kragness
I George Thorn
|L. D. Hill
George C. Farley....
Leo Burke
S.F.R.C.
C.C.C.
G.C.W.
K.r.
G.C.W.
Acme
B.C.W.
B.C.W.
B.C.W.
G.G.C.C.
I.C.C.
I.C.C.
G.C.W.
C.C.C.
C.C.C.
C.C.C.
Q.C.W.
I.C.C.
G.C.W.
O.C.W.
G.C.W.
G.C.W.
G.C.W.
Acme
t'natta'd
G.C.W.
O.C.W.
Acme
G.G.C.C.
Acme
O.C.W.
O.C.W.
I.C.C.
G.C.W.
I.C.C.
j B.C.W.
1:11:56 1-5
1:11:26 2-5
1:11:26 3-5
1:11:26 4-5
1:10:27
I 1:10:27 1-5
1:11:27 2-5
I 1:10:27 3-5
1:09:57 4-5
1:09:28
' 1:13:29
1:13
1:14:01
1:12:31 2-5
1:12:34 4-5
1:12:35
1:12:06
I 1:13:37
1:09:43
! 1:08:48 1-5
! 1:10:48 3-5
1:11:20
1:10:52
I 1:10:84
1. 13:56
| 1:11:48
I 1:11:27
I 1:14:30
I 1:12:53
1:13:24
1:13:30
1:09:41 1-5
1:09:41 2-5
1:09:41 3-5
1:09:42
1:11:52
•i
H. N. Mosher
Allan Clark
Leo B
H. N.
Allan
[Percy E. Dell
■ George Ferris
|W. J. Black j
| Alfred Riedy
J. H. Nash
J. E. Winy
I. R. Lind
'Tony Pelmas
,B. A. Bozlo
I John Davidson
r!
S.
P.
S.
Yesterday's race was splendidly con
ducted. It was managed by Chester A.
Myrick, Theodore C. Dodge and J. S.
Shedd, the road racing committee of
the association, the direct handling of
the event being in charge of the fol
lowing officials:
Referee, President Charles Albert
Adams; judges, George Peyton, J. J.
B. Argenti, Frank H. Kerrigan, James
W. Mullen, E. B. Jerome, O. R. Sterl
ing, A. P. Swain, T. J. Wlnslow, J. F.
McDonald, T. B. McGinnis, Joseph
Jury, G. G. Taylor, Vincent A. Dodd
and T. W. Flanagan; timers, George
P. Wetmore. H. D. Hadenfeldt, J. S.
Lewis. F. W. Sharpe, S. Bailey, J. W.
Leavitt and W. Pettis; starter, De
Witt Van Court; assistants, Thomas
C. Meherin, O. B. Marston; clerk of
course, J. F. Hancock; assistants, A.
Bedbury and T. G. Spillane; scorers,
H. W. Spalding, E. D. Mendell, H. D.
Clark, E. Butterworth, S. G. Scovern,
A. Cellier, T. D. "Whitman, A. L. Beh
nemann, W. Reid, Hubert Reis, J. M.
Salazar; chief marshal, J. P. Thorn;
assistants. C. Hannan, H. A. Tubbs,
W. O. Johnson, Bert Edwards, C. H.
Trolliet. J. D. Cardinell, J. A. Desi
mone, S. J. Severance; chief umpire,
John Burke; assistants, James M.
Hamilton, H. V. Scott, John S. Egan,
R. T. McKissick, M. E. Games, John
J. O'Malley, George Broulllet, H. C.
Hahn, E. Lehnhardt, J. G. Stubbs,
James E. Little, L. A. Hagy; handi
capper, R. Assheton Smyth.
The fastest times made in the five
previous similar events of the asso
ciation over this course were:
February 22, 1893— George A. Faulk
ner, Acme Club Wheelmen, 1 hour 19
minutes 4 seconds.
February 22, 1894— Emil Ulbrecht,
Bay City Wheelmen, 1 hour 20 minutes
7 2-5 seconds.
March 3, 1895— Walter F. Foster,
Olympic Club Wheelmen, 1 hour 12
minutes 55 4-5 seconds.
February 22, 1896— Charles S. Wells,
Bay City Wheelmen, 1 hour 10 minutes
30 2-5 seconds.
February 28, 1897— Tony Delmas, Gar
den City Cyclers, 1 hour 9 minutes
34 1-5 seconds.
The American road record for
twenty-five miles stands at 51 minutes
55 seconds, made by A. B. McDonnell
at Buffalo, K. V., October 19, 1895, over
the celebrated Corfu course, which is
always smooth and even.
After the race some loungers around
the hotel in San L,eandro insulted a
lady who was passing on her wheel.
The wheelmen standing about resent
ed the remark, and were making short
work of the rowdies when the con
stable of the town appeared on tha
scene and suspended further hostili
ties.
In the afternoon the wheelmen at
tended the opening of the six-lap
track at Elmhurst to witness the match
race between J. E. Edwards and G. H.
Crafts at twenty miles, paced. Ed
wards won in 49 minutes 7 seconds
after a hotly contested ride.
PAST SACHEMS
IN COUNCIL.
Improved Order of Red Men Cele-
brate Washington's Birthday
by a Banquet.
Nearly two hundred members of th«
Past Sachems' Association of the im
proved Order of Red Men met last
night in the Red Men's Wigwam on
Post street in celebration of the anni
versary of the birth of Washington.
An excellent banquet had been pre
pared under the direction of J. A. El
lert, Jacob Fo -zer and M. Leisen, the
committee of arrangements, and after
it had been disposed of the company
was favored with instrumental selec
tions by Past i'achem Swan and F. D.
Brandon. The master of ceremonies
introduced J. A. Filcher of the State
Board of Trade, who delivered an elo
quent address in response to the toast
"California." He told of its resources,
its grandeur, and declared that it was
one State of the Union of which, not
only its citizens but all Americans
can feel justly proud, and that every
Red Man on the reservation of Califor
nia is loyal to it. Jacob Fowzer said
that there is one thing that the order of
Red Men must never forget 1 , and that
is to honor the father of his country,
and upon his suggestion every one
present gave three rousing cheers and a
tiger for the man who was first in war.
first in peace and first in the hearts of
his countrymen.
The outburst was followed by short
addresses by C. F. Burgman, great
chief of records, A. K. Stevens, Grove
L. Johnson, B. F. Josselyn, Judge
Campbell and Judge Conlan. There
were songs by Messrs. Nelson and Col
lins and a recitation by Mr. Jennings.
A REUNION ~AT
CENTURY HALL.
Daughters of the American Revolu-
tion Honor Washington's
Memory.
Chapters Puerto del Oro, Sequoia and
California, of the Order of Daughters
of the American Revolution, held a
joint reception yesterday afternoon In
honor of the day. The hall was pret
tily decorated and the attendance was
large.' A brief address was made by
Mrs. A. S. Hubbard, expressing senti
ments appropriate to the occasion. A
programme of music was presented
and added much to the entertainment.
GOOD NEWS FOB. PRINTEBS.
A report widely circulated that the
State printing was about to be done by
the convicts incarcerated in San Quentin
prison created much uneasiness in the
ranks of printers throughout the State.
Work is very scarce at present, and to
take this work out of the hands of le
gitimate tradesmen would cause a great
deal of suffering.
A meeting of the Allied Printing Trades
Council was called and resolutions con
demnatory of such a course were adopt
ed and widely circulated. A copy of these,
together with a letter requesting him to
use his influence to prevent any such
action being taken, was forwarded to
John H. Dickinson, chairman of the
Senate Committee on State Institutions.
In reply General Dickinson forwarded the
following letter, which explains itself:
"President Allied Printing Trades
Council— Dear Sir: Yours of the 18th inst.
regarding resolutions relating to State
printing by convict labor was duly re
ceived. Regarding the same I am in
structed by the committee to inform you
that there'has never been any suggestion
made to or by the committee that convict
labor should be employed, and the com
mittee has no such proposition under con
sideration and would not entertain it
under any circumstances. I can assure
you that these are the sentiments not
only of the committee as a whole, but of
each individual member.
"Trusting that this information will be
satisfactory, I am yours truly,
"JOHN H. DICKINSON, Chairman."
DEL NORTE JUDGESHIP.
Governor Budd has appointed Fletcher
A. Cutler Superior Judge of Del Norte
County to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Judge Murphy.
The Governor was in the city yesterday,
and when asked concerning tho appoint
ment of a Railroad Commissioner to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of Dr.
Stanton, he replied that he was not ready
to give any information on the subject.
He said: "I may announce the appoint
ment somo time this week, but not to-day
nor to-morrow."
Mayor Phelan and the Nurses.
The .commencement exercises of the
class of '97 of the San Francisco Training
School for Nurses will be held this even
ing in the parlors of the Occidental HoteL
The proceedings will begin at S:3O and will
be presided over by Dr. John M. William
son, and Mayor Phelan will deliver an ad
dress to the graduates, who will enter on
their career of tending the sick.
The following graduates will receive
their medals and diplomas: Carrie L.
Howard, Selina Elsie Hayden, Julia. Mario
Kane Ottille J. Karstens, Bertha C.
Lampkin, Jessie R. Nelson Jane P. Nick
son Mary Blanche O'Reilly, Mary Fran
ces Strand. Eugenia Thompson.
The programme of exercises, arranged
by Miss Patton, superintendent of nurses
of the City and County Hospital, is as fol
1O Overture, Foster's Orchestra; march,
"Handicap" (Rosey); prayer, Rev. H. B.
Cooke rector of Trinity Church; aduress,
Hon James D. Phelan; serenade; ad
dress George Franklin Shields, M. D.,
(Edinburgh), F. R. C. B.: vocal solo se
lected, Frank Coffin; presentation of di
plomas, G. E. Suss.lorff. M p., superin
tendent physician City and County Hos
pital; awarding of medals, Mrs J G.
Lernmon; waltz, "The Serenade (Her
bert); selection, "Gaaperone (Millocker);
benediction.
910
WILLIAMS'
CASE IS IN A
LOWER COURT
An Individual Opinion
Judge Coffey Has
Formed.
The Whereabouts of the
Missing Heir of the
James Estate.
George Williams Supposed to
Have Been Killed in the
Civil War.
IS HE DEAD OR ALIVE?
Briefs Are to B© Presented To- Day
by Attorneys for Both Sides of
the Controversy.
An exciting chapter In local history,
In which a lost heir constitutes the cen
tral figure, will be read at 2 o'clock this
afternoon In the Probate Court of De
partment 9 by Judge Coffey, and refers
to the argument on petition for the
final distribution of the estate of the
late Dr. James Williams.
Dr. Williams died testate in this city
March 1, 1597, and since his death no
end of trouble has been caused by
George Williams, a brother and one of
the principal legatees of the estate left
by the decedent at his death, whose
•whereabouts Is unknown and whose
death every one concerned in the pres
ent suit (except a .doubtful few, who
think they have a trace of him) believe
occurred some twenty years ago.
The residuary clause in his will reads: :
"In addition to the last-named bequests
(that is, bequests made to persons out-
Side his own family), I give, devise and !
bequeath unto my brothers, George
Williams and William Frederick Wil
liams, share and share alike, the resi
due of my estate, after all debts and;
all bequests are fully satisfied, unto
them and their heirs forever."
This residue mentioned in the will
amounts to $25,000 and is ready for dis
tribution according to the dictates of
the will. b«t since both men to whom
the property was originally bequeathed
are unable to- claim it owing fo the fact
that one is dead and the other is miss-
Ing and can't be found, and is conse
quently supposed to be also deceased,
the point at issue is, can the estate be
settled before thp whereabouts of Geo. j
Williams la ascertained, if living, and
if dead, before positive proof of the
fact is set before the court?
The only thing that prevents the pres
ent petitioners (the widow of William
mll/fe^ n ; &an,Franc»s.co c^JU^ W^ 189 v mtfftl>. ;
c^w^w^^v .^^. ,^^. ,^^, y^H s ? /||j| i«r />> //?' * j(b) { v v r
"^Sj/^i /^^ SAN FR S^ ISCO ,
Sii%jf§| ... . I J fjfr rf //t^ /ug^L^iO^ %fnnn°A
JRfIU TH/ S /S A APPEAL TO WEAK MEN. *f)
,^ \^^^^fe^iS"W^^!^K To men who have squandered their earnings for years upon quacks, and irresponsible medical concerns. It is to prove what I claim— that my Dr. Sanden
'?( r ff-^Si^^^afflH Electric Belt cures ; that it has cured thousands of weak, nerve-exhausted men. Here is my offer : I have on file in my office 5000 bona fide testimonials from men who have /' " N
//// //\ rt _ i A^' B^^ ffi^l^^^^B . regained the vigor of manhood through the use of my belt during the past year. They are the grateful acknowledgments of men who have at last found what they have been >
v y Tf' ; u^^'^'^'^ri^^M^S^ seeking for years— renewed manly vigor. They are like the following : '" \ N - l /
\ (j '// Wt^"-\ * '^'"'MSP \sWKBng& "I" was suffering from ner^-ous debility, also complaint.'^ writes W.D. ALLEN, Valleclto, three or four times a month. It had drained , months, my nerves are as strong as ever again, New Hope Cal Feb7 \^ X /'^^VX
\,7 If /{ K^'- •■s■■.•:, '> rM £ J *?&*r3 fifflgft Bexual weakness and general 111 health. I Ca.. Feb. 12, 1898. . my strength very much ated I was beginning my bowels regular and my heart has quit "I "a« generally brnLn fln« *„ . V/ X'/
00^ } JJ -M '), ■T r^i ? . " r «•■■- — r -»i' J --«£®t's' | sl^K used to be afraid to go to bed at night. lam". "J -had.^oswes^twlce a week for three and ato feel awful weak and nervous. I got your troubling me. When I wake up in the morning mv back and wak kidZ. ?-' ha(l palns ln -^/ I-
"A 7~ ■■ : --- : -. ■^" "^^^^^^B "My^vSocele wa S of thirty years' stand- S^h'eckeS. "V Z^Vt^ S^nE ]^' NN ' S StHUiUt ""^ Kn " UiM "" Fe "' "' r^SSM W^ f 8 "J^th"^-^ » it^Td and* MhTTfi^
///W ■£-•-- -V^^S^Sfllli^H lnK - All of this time I was compelled to wear back^ and lam now as strong as/ ew was "f suffered from nen-ous prostration and vh In i •i w „ »np«i T''t lilltil ' strong in two months. I tell you Thad rather // \
I ITT \ HB '■"■■-■ ■-■^* ; '-'?i^?^fflyi^Hß ?> s " s » 1Pn! "; r / if ,N, N " W ' can positively assert and have gained ten pounds;' writes N.l weakness with constipation so bad that the HredfeeHng and rheumaUHm lent ZrT» have a Sanden Belt near me than a dozen /7/ 7
7/ V BBffinn " ' ""^ ■ • ¥*^«SKiSK l hat y 'T Be " h ,\ s com P'ptely cured it, for I CARR, Occidental Hotel. San Francisco Cal tocton f could not help me I would feel so aw- and felt ; Its T beneficial TffectT'imnfedi V -I'": "rs. It has added fifteen years to my life.' //
4 x W^^^^^l^^^SSHB months and do not perceive any return of the F"I had losses for three years, occurring to get up Now. since using your Belt for three grand remedy, surely?" wriTw E G T^PHaV San Franclsc °. Feb. 2, ISSB. BoB o ' F " re " ••■• r
.^]Jlil[ VB - Bfcs^9i •.* 4 1° the man who Wi " disprove one of these 5000 testimonials I will pay $1000 in Gold. I make this offer in full good faith, simply to prove that the hundreds of testi- .#*%
<(V |^W1 m°nialm ° niaI that have been published in connection with this beltare true, honest and convincing, and to prove to men who have spent their earnings in useless druggng that here is T \*
"J )< *^fc; . Wfflmßm&*^ one safe ' sure means of regaining that precious boon— the vigor of manhood. /, u.uB 6 ii lß A )£•
Illrnm !■■ "Three Classes of Men" FREE. %[n#
/j i'l ; ii-^i^ ,i , This , b + ook u tells of my triumphs ' of the many cures that my famous belt has accomplished.' It gives in detail the reason why electricity applied so that the patient <
tisd^&Lu- ' : L Sllff Can r f regulate the current while it iS on the body, must restore the natural strength and vigor Of manhood. It gives information that is worth $1 000 to any weak man It is
Ol|^ a! free ' Get !t and learn the plain truth regardjng yourself ' " PoSSible Ca " and examine the belt and teSt itS powerful current ' free " Consultation a^dvice^etrLitea^ ( i( 4^i
W^^^n- ™lll^L S-A-IsTIDHUST ELECTRIC CO « «»o market street, J%Z&%^
£l \^tm ; Mli^^ OmC6 hh ° UrS> 8*" t0 8P ' m>: SUndayS ' 10 tO L BranCheS at L ° s An^e.es. '••■"- Broadway: Portend. O^^hington st'- Denver^Col'' *"" !. ranC^ 0 - : 0 ! ' K^Y^^ )
7 V^V ' < < ■ " ' ' NOT E-Make no mistake in the number- 630 MARKET STREET. ' Denver - Col °- 931 Sixteenth st.; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main st. " /^3r2^ >^^^
BLOWS WHICH RYAN WILL AIM AT GREEN.
A Kidneu Punch and a Jolt on the Chin That Man Cause Trouble.
Tommy Ryan, the champion welter
weight pugilist of the East, is of the
opinion that he is pursued by a hoodoo
or false spirit.
Ryan has been training for a 20
round contest with George Green for
the past four weeks at the Reliance
Athletic Club in Oakland, and to-day
he is physically in splendid condition
although somewhat disfigured.
"I cannot understand why my face
got mashed up so badly," Ryan re
marked yesterday with a sigh as he
pointed to a gash over his right eye, a
mouth which was minus two front
teeth, which doubtless had done good
service in their time, and a nose which
bore a slight resemblance to Mt. Tam
alpais because of a red mark which
ran down its center.
"You see, in the first place," he con
tinued, "this big fellow Baker, whom
I box with, smashed me in the mouth
Frederick Williams and her two sons)
from receiving the estate is a doubt as
to whether this brother is dead or
alive, although a thorough search has
been made for him from one end of
the country to the other without avail,
n<>t the slightest trace of him having
been found.
As no trace of the missing heir can
be found and as he left no wife or
children, having never been married,
the natural inference is that the en
tire bulk of the property should pass
Into the possession of Frederick's wife
and her children.
The law presumes that when a man
is absent or away from a certain com
munity for a certain space of time,
and his whereabouts has not been
heard of for the period of seven years,
he is dead. If this be true and George
Williams cannot be found his brother's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
•with his head last Saturday and
loosened two teeth, which were ex
tracted on Sunday. I next caught the
heel of a glove on my nose, which skin
ned the smeller, and to cap the climax
I was boxing yesterday with big Jim
Jeffries and by some means which I
am unable to properly explain I
bumped my head into his eye and in
stantaneously he did the same thing to
me. The result is that we both wear
'shanties' now and in all my fights,
which number almost one hundred, I
have never left a ring as badly disfig
ured about the face as I am at pres
ent. Don't you think a Jonah is here
somewhere?
"Well I may not be a pretty looking
fellow when I enter the ring with
Green on Friday night, but you can
rest satisfied that I will be well up in
the game at the finish nevertheless, or
else I will be the most surprised man
in America.
widow and her children should be de
clared the legal heirs to the entire es
tate.
To combat this argument, that Wil
liams is dead, the attorneys represent
ing the litigation are equally hopeful of
proving beyond a reasonable doubt
that he is alive and can be found if
sufficient money is awarded to institute
further search.
The leading spirit in favor of estab
lishing this fact, and convincing the
court of the truth of his argument that
Williams is alive, is Attorney A. Boyer,
a central figure in the opposition, who
at one time, so Oliver Evans, who rep
resents Mrs. Frederick Williams,
claims, was anxious to prosecute the
suit for her against the people for
whom he is now fighting.
Many conflicting stories are told by
both sides as to the probable fate of
the missing man, and a sketch is given
J'l wish you would state that I have
always fought in the welter-weight
class against all comers, and I am
ready at any time to fight 'Kid* Mc-
Coy for the middle-weight champion
ship of the world at 154 pounds, which
is the middle-weight limit." ■
Ryan was informed that Fitzs!m
mons now holds the middle and heavy
weight championships, but he said
that "it made no difference about
"Fitz, 1 as he has retired from the ring
and that McCoy claims the title."
"Yes, I want another go at McCoy
and I will compel him to fight me at
154 pounds. He defeated me the first
time we fought, but the second time
we met I was having all the best of
the mill when the police stopped the
game.
"My match with Green is at catch
weights. I expect to enter the ring
on this occasion weighing 154 pounds,
which is nine pounds over the weight
I have fought in the East. I guess
of his life from the time he left his
home to enlist in the Union army at
the beginning of the Civil War, 'until
he was last heard of.
"At the age of 16 years." said At
torney Evans in his complaint, "George
Williams, anxious to join the Union
army, left his home and applied for
enlistment, representing that he was
IS years of age. He was admitted and
stayed with his division until just be
fore the attack on Vicksburg, when he
deserted."
The attorney here describes the dan
gers and perils to which a soldier bear
ing the Union uniform was exposed
from the rilles of the Southern soldiers
and particularly that branch of them
called guerrillas. It was at this time
and while trying to get away that ho
was supposed to have been shot and
killed.
This is the argument upon which
Green will enter the ring at 156 pounds
from what I can learn. All I want
here is a square deal, and then the
people can judge for themselves which
is the better man."
Ryan's right name is Tommy
Youngs. His father is a French-Cana
dian and his mother is a German. He
has fought fifty odd battles as a welter
weight, and his only defeat was at the
hands or fists of "Kid" McCoy two
years ago in Maspeth, N. Y. McCoy
knocked him out in fifteen rounds.
Ryan has whipped Danny Needham,
outclassed Jim Hall, the Australian
middle-weight; whipped Henry Baker,
heavy-weight; "Mysterious" Billy
Smith five times; "Shadow" Maber,
Billy McCarthy of Australia, Tom
Tracey, Jim Ryan of Australia and
many others of less fame.
Ryan's reach is 28% inches; he meas
ures liy 2 inches from tip to tip of fin
gers; neck 16 inches; chest over thin
shirt 38 inches normal, inflated 41V&
rests the whole litigation, and if it can
be proven the estate and property of
James Williams will be awarded to his
brother's wife and children.
But since the war, and in fact im
mediately after it, the missing man
was reported to have been seen at
Memphis, and ten years later in New
York.
This little romance to account for the
disappearance and the possible death
of the Union soldier who is the present
cause of so much judicial wrangling
in the courts, i 3 cited by Evans as a
truth beyond denial.
The litigation contends that George
Williams has been found, but Judge
Coffey, quoting from an authority
other than legal, says that if such is
the case he must have been found
south of hades.
A point upon which the litigation
bases its argument is the fact that
inches; right wrist 7 inches; left wrist
7% inches.
Ryan's pet blows are a duck and
counter with right; a right hand punch
at chin in the breakaway. It was with
this blow that Walcott v.'-r.i iTie battle
from George Green: a kidney blow,
which he will use on Friday night. This
he described by placing his left hand
glove over his opponent's right on
breast and then by ducking inside a
left swing at neck he sends his right
hard on the kidneys. The kidney blow
which George Dawson used to such ex
cellent advantage was somewhat dif
ferent from that which Ryan uses. The
latter ducks inside the left swing and
then delivers the blow. Dawson side
stepped to the outside and then shot
in his right.
The fighters last night selected Jim
McDonald, the well-known baseball
expert and umpire, as referee. The
choice lay between McDonald and
Hiram Cook.
William Frederick Williams sometimes
signed his name as W. F. Dickinson
Williams, which they will try to prove
was not the same man mentioned in
the testator's will. This name is sup
posed by some to have been adopted by
W. F. Williams out of respect to either
his uncle or a friend.
Reviewing the suit in all its phases
from a standpoint of conservatism and
judging from the remarks of positive
truth expressed by both sides of the
case, indications point strongly to the
fact that there is going to be a "hot
time" when the opposing sides come
together this afternoon for the final
battle.
When the ostrich is to be divested of
its plumage a long hood is placed over
its head, and it is then confined in a
railed Inclosure about three feet square.
The birds rarely show fight.
"NOT SO DEAD,
YOUR HONOR"
A Live Miner Objects to
the Probating of His
Estate.
Strange Case of Jeremiah Pen
dergast, Long Reckoned
as Deceased.
Not Asleep in Death, but a Real
Owner of African
Mines.
One of the most peculiar cases ever
administered on in the probate courts
of this city is that of Jeremiah Pender
gast, long supposed to be dead.
It came to pass that just at the mo
ment when the Public Administrator
felt the most secure in conducting the
affairs of the supposed dead capital
ist the latter gave a war-whoop in due
legal form, away over In Africa, which
has been heard here in such a way as
to stop proceedings.
Pendergast, supposed to have died
long years ago and to have left some
thing like $15,000 in the Hibernia Bank,
is now known to be alive and well in
the Congo Free State, where he haa
hired a lawyer to communicate with*
Attorney Oscar T. Shuck of this city
and make protest against the distri
bution of his estate while he is on
earth.
The story is somewhat romantic.
Nearly thirty years ago the man sup
posed to be dead opened his account
at the Hibernia Bank and soon there
after disappeared. He was known to
have been a pioneer miner and was
supposed to have perished in a fire up
in the mountains, though the banlc
could not dispose of his money with
out positive proof that he was dead.
Year after year the bank advertised
his name among the dead, and asked
for his heirs to come and claim the es
tate. Oscar T. Shuck undertook to
find the heirs, but found him instead.
"The old fellow is rich in Africa
now," said Mr. Shuck yesterday, "and
he writes to me that he hopes nobody
will assume that he is a dead one. He
is making money in mines and has
made a great fortune since he left
California. Martin Pendergast, who
shot Mrs. Rose Rice many years ago,
is a brother of the rich African miner.
The shooting was quite a sensation in
1878. The old man whose estate is ad
vertised is now well known as an un-
usually prosperous miner in the great
African districts. It is probable that
he will allow his money to remain
where it is for an indefinite period.
"In all our correspondence the old
fellow has never said why he re
mained silent so long, except to inti
mate in a way that he believed the
money was safe and he did not cars
to disturb it."
A case involving the whole matter is
now pending in Judge Slack's court,
where proof will be introduced to show
that the owner of the bank account is
still alive and that the Public Admin
istrator has no right to interfere in
the administration of the estate.BOSSES FIDDLE;
NOLTING DANCES
HE IS BIT A
CREATIRE OF
THE GANG
Animus of the San
Jose Official's Vi
tuperation.
Paved the Way for Press
Onslaughts on Honest
Men.
Part of a Programme Which
His Masters Have Mapped
Out.
FOUR CAUSTIC REPLIES.
Citizens Whom the Councilman
Assailed Hold Him Up to Public
Scorn.
Sppoln! TMspatch to The Call.
PAX JOSE, Feb. 22. — On every side
to-day are heard words of pity and
contempt for Councilman Nolting.
Every citizen sees in his effort of last
night only the fulfillment of a task
forced upon him by his political mas
ters, the leaders of the "gang." No one
i> inclined to hold him personally re
s;»>npible for his vile utterances before
the Council.
It is clearly perceived that his foul
ebullition was not in any sense a spon
taneous expression, but that it was
part of a preconcerted plan of cam
paign. It is common talk that his little
piece was delivered not only to be
smirch, if possible, some of the men
opposed to gang rule, but to afford the
organs of the corruptionists a pretext
for coming into the fight against the
New Charter Club and good govern
ment. The matter which Nolting in
jected into tho Scully affair last night
was entirely foreign to the subject un
der discussion.
That it was the object of the gang
k leaders to make an opening for their
newspaper backers was shown by the
attitude of the Mercury this morning.
In the course of a double-leaded edi
torial two-thirds of a column long the
unseemly course of Nolting- is strongly
Indorsed, and the New Charter Club is
condemned by indirection. The main
organ of the gang has evidently not the
courage to attack it openly. Further
along this editorial has the following
insidious suggestion:
The City Central committees of the Re
•^ ibllcan and Democratic parties have re
fused to join in the convention for the
nomination of a single ticket for me mu
nicipal offices. The citizens of ian Jose
low demand that those committees agree
to call a convention for the nom. nation
of a single, non-partisan ticket selected
from the two parties, the delegates to
comprise only citizens of recognized in
tegrity, whose motives cannot be called
in question.
Xo citizen of intelligence is decived
by this, for the single reason that the
committees of both parties are known
to be carried in the pockets of the
bosses. Anything manipulated by
them would, therefore, be by the gang,
of the gang and for the gang.
This suggestion is in line with the
known policy of the corruptionists.
Everything possible will be done to
split the vote and sap the strength of
the supporters of the reform move
ment. If the proposed Democratic-
Ri publican fusion ticket becomes an
accomplished fact, the next move of
the gang will be to put ostensibly in
dependent candidates in the field. In
this will lie the greatest danger to th<;
cause of good government. There is
only one way to overcc-me it. Every
sincere seeker for municipal reform
must refuse to run independently and
must cast his vote for the New Char
ter Club ticket, from top to bottom.
The men most directly assailed be
fore th»? Council make answer to the
attacks on them through the columns
of The Call. W. B. Hardy's reply is as
follows:
The political cesspool of spite and vile
abuse of small-bore ward politicians last
night overflowed in the Council chamber
through the mouth of Councilman Nolt-
King, and as might have been expected
those citizens who in their endeavor to
suppress the nuisance had comf in closest
contact with its cause were the first to
have. their garments soiled with the foul
stream. The disreputable cabal of San
Jose political tricksters, of which Coun
cilman Nolting is a conspicuous member,
h-a-s been so long exempt from punish
ment as to believe retributive justice to
exist only in the imagination. The pub
lic treasury, in the estimation of this
clique, is the spoils to be apportioned
among those whose only means of sup
port is derived from that source.
Supplies of all kinds were purchased,
labor performed and contracts entered
into by members of the city government
in direct violation of the city charter.
At last, to prevent the total bankruptcy
of the city treasury, a vigilance com
mittee was formed to interpose the
strong arm of the law in defense of the
people, to stay the wholesale plunder of
these miscreants. This committee, com
posed of some of the largest property
holders and best-known citizens in San
Jose, employed myself and other attor
neys to institute le«»al proceedings to set
asirte certain alleged contracts that were
about to be made by the Common Coun
cil, and this employment is the imme
diate cause of the hostility of Council
man Nolting to me. I commend to him
the fable of the viper gnawing the file,
and advise him that the vigilance com
mittee has resolved to remain in session
until his term of office expires and he has
been relegated to that obscurity which
awaits all petty ward politicians of his
class and caliber.
A. K. Whitton's reply is as follows:
I don't consider anything Councilman
Nolting may say In this matter as being
worthy of notice. I have never been an
Jk' fflce-seeker aud am not now. I don't
:Jnk it is necessary to make a defense
of anything I have ever done. The Oak
Hill Improvement Company has a con
tract with the city and our records and
books are open to the Inspection of any
person and to the public at large at any
time. The names of the gentlemen who
u-e directors of the Oak Hill Improve
STATEMENT OF H- E. SCHILLING.
"I have made it a rule throughout my life to never reply to any
scurrilous attack on the part of irresponsible individuals, on the
ground that the more you handle filth the more it clings to you.
"As regards statements and attacks made on the New Charter
Club, I consider it a duty incumbent on me, as president of that organ
ization, to brand as false and without even the semblance of truth any
statement which would in any way imply that the objects and aims
of the New Charter Club and its officers are actuated by any
motives other than the best interests of the city. I will also state that
the Charter Club as a body will not assist or encourage any person
for any position or place who is actuated by selfish or questionable
motives.
"With reference to statements made as to the conduct of affairs
during my term of office as Mayor of this city, the records are the
property of the citizens of San Jose, and I feel safe in abiding by
their judgment, based on these records.
"As to specific acts quoted. I will state that the contract for street
sweeping, which was awarded to Mr. Maguire, who was the lowest
bidder, was not awarded during my term of office, but was awarded
in July, 1891, during the administration of the Hon. S. N. Rucker as
Mayor. As a member of the Common Council at that time, I will state
that the bid was perfectly regular, as well as being the lowest.
"As to the engine-house on Third street, I will state that my final
message of April 13, 1894, deals with this matter in detail.
"For the information of the public I will state that the cost of
remodeling the old house was $1524 41, and it was done under the direc
tion of R. Burdett, chairman of the Fire and Water Committee at the
time.
"In conclusion, I will state that I make the foregoing explanations
through a sense of duty that I feel I owe to others, who may be af
fected by the lying and slanderous statements which are being made,
and not through any desire on my part to answer any such miserable
attacks on myself.
ment Company are a sufficient guarantee
that its affairs are properly conducted.
JAKMAN SCORES NOLTING.
Styles Him the Most Treacherous
Member of a Thieving Gang.
SALINAS, Feb. 22.— The remarks of
Councilman Nolting in the San Jose
Council chamber Monday evening show
conclusively that the gang of unprin
cipled scoundrels — of which he is the
deepest dyed, the most cunning and
treacherous, void of moral rectitude or
manly honor and using his official au
thority only to punish his enemies, to
put his relatives in positions and to
coax or coerce every <> ne connected
with the various city departments to
patronize his grocery or barroom — are
at their wit's end to know what to do
to continue their reign of public plun
der and system of boycotting of all
those who dare to oppose or expose
their villainous methods of collusion
for looting the city or for the vilifica
tion of honorable citizens who will not
sacrifice their independence and free
dom of thought and action.
Mr. Nolting in his bitter spleen and
anxiety to get even with somebody who j
he imagines is interfering with what j
he considers a legitimate livelihood, but
which all honest men would look upon
with abhorrence, accuses me while
Councilman and during my candidacy
for Supervisor of spending $2000 in im
provement about the City Hall, and,
inferentially, of using the expenditure
to assist my election. The facts are as
follows and can be verified by the rec
ords in the Cltv Hall:
The structure committee, consisting,
if my memory serves me right, of A. S.
Mangran, W. T. Nolting and J. P. Fay,
had a resolution passed by the Council
empowering them to have certain clos
ets taken out of the City Hall to be re
placed with an improved kind, and to
paint the roof and woodwork outside of
the City Hall. The committee re
quested me to take charge of and su
perintend the work, for the reason that
I had a practical knowledge of the
business.
I learned afterward that It was a trap
set by the bosses to insure my defeat
as Supervisor, they taking it for
granted that I would do as they would
under similar circumstances, that is,
furnish all the materials from my own
store and have my own painter do the
work. I did not furnish an ounce of
material nor did I put one of my men
on the work, nor did I handle one dol
lar of the money. The foreman, F. G.
Currier, . managed the job and worked
eight hours a day. The rest of the men
were paid $2 50 a day and drew their
own warrants.
They worked hard and earned every
dollar they received. The material was
purchased from G. B. MacKee & Co.,
D. Rinaldo and M. Lenzen & Son. I
devoted a good deal of time to super
intending the work and without any
compensation. The entire painting,
including labor and material, amounted
to about $1000. It is a matter of re
cord and can easily be verified. It was
one piece of work where the city got
value received.
I was in my store one evening when
a man who was in touch with the gang,
but who had yet a little spark of man
hood left, told me that he- had Just left
a few of the scoundrels who had decid
ed to send cappers out all over the city
to inform the church people especially,
that "Jarman was drunk on Friday
evening and had to be taken home by
two men."
No person on the face of the earth
ever saw me under the influence of
liquor. I did not believe that men could
be so callous and lost to all sense of
honor, yet they did report it and with
such er>od effect that the minister of
the church in San Jose preached it trmm
his pulpit. On learning how he had
been imposed upon he made all the
reparation in his power.
Another scheme they resorted to was
to visit all Catholics they could and in
form them that "Jarman was an A.
P. A.," which I was not. Then they
turned around and visited the A. P.
A.'s and told them I was a Catholic,
which was not true.
The New Charter Club and the good
people of San Jose must put no cre
dence in any reports derogatory to
their candidates, as this ring of thieves
will stop at nothing short of murder
to accomplish their ends.
J. P. JARMAN.
DENIED BY MR. LOUD.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.—Representa
tive Loud said to The Call correspondent
to-night concerning the appointment of
Sprague as special treasury agent to suc
ceed Nick Harris:
"I notice in a paper that arrived to-day
an article stating that I did not support
Sprague for the place, and was opposed
even to his temporary appointment, be
cause my son-in-law, Mr. Callundan. had
been a candidate. Callundan was not a
candidate for the position and I had no
candidate to recommend."
To Cure a Cold Iq One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln> Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money, if it fails to core
25c The genuine baa I* B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRITABY 23, 1898.
SWEPT BY A
FURIOUS GALE
Bark Arago Drifts Help
lessly During a Hur
ricane.
Finally Rescued by a Passing
Steamer and Towed Back
to Port.
The Storm Rages at Honolulu and
Several Vessels In Port Have
a Close Call.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Feb. 15.— The American
bark Arago, which sailed for San Fran
cisco on the 11th inst., was towed back
to port yesterday afternoon in a very
much disabled condition by the Wil
ders" steamship Lehua. During a
heavy blow on last Friday night her
foretopgallant, main and mizzen masts
were carried away, and she drifted
helplessly so close to the breakers off
Koko head that Captain Greenleaf gave
up all hope of saving her. Signal lights
were hoi6ted, and one steamer in pass
ing answered them. Another steamer
that passed must have seen the lights,
but neither steamer attempted to ap
proach the distressed vessel.
The Lehua picked the Arago up
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning: in
almost midchannel. The master of
the Lehua saw the barkentine's colors
reversed, and bearing down on the
vessel took her in tow. It was slow
work, as the Arago was deep in the
water and the steamer had a big load
in her hold. Both vessels reached port
safely and the barkentine is now tied
up at a wharf, where she will remain
until Captain Greenleaf can hear from
her owners in San Francisco.
Captain Greenleaf states that the
Arago cast off from the tug about 4
o'clock last Friday while in the chan
nel. About Bp.m. an unexpected
heavy sea was encountered. The Arago
was under storm canvas, but the ter
rible strain as she pitched forward was
sufficient to break the lashings of the
fore topgallant yard, which In falling
carried away the topsail yards. The
«° m^ nn t ce h d w , ei&ht n of yards carried
auay the topgallant mast, and the
whole wreckage fell so as to crino *
the mainsail yard and leave the ship in
The wind was then blowing a gale
and a very high sea was running. An
hour later the main mast was broken
oft at the deck, and in falling it carried
the mizzen mast away, excepting about
fifteen feet above the deck. Only one
mast was left standing, and that was
crippled by the falling wreckage
In the meantime the ship was help
less and was drifting rapidly toward
the rocks off Koko head, then scarcely
four miles distant. The night was black
and the thunder storm was at its
height. The captain had given up all
hope of saving his vessel when a
steamer was discovered scarcely four
miles distant. Blue lights were burned,
but the signals were not answered
Later another steamer passed, but
while she answered the signals she did
not go near the wreck.
By the greatest good fortune the Ara
go Just cleared the point, and stood off
in clear water. She was so crippled
that she could not tack. She drifted
about for three nights and was finally
secured by the Lehua and towed to
port.
The Arago is bejieved to be all right
below decks, as she Is not taking any
water. Captain Greenleaf says he will
not do anything with her until he hears
from her owners, the Simpson Lumber
Company of San Francisco.
It is understood that the Wllders
Steamship Company will put in a claim
for $30,000 salvage for rescuing the ves
sel and her cargo of sugar. The latter
is valued at $67,000.
Some fears are entertained for the
bark S. C. Allen and the barkentlne S.
O. Wilder. Both vessels put to sea on
the same day the Arago left port.
Charles W. Day, a well-known resi
dent, died early this morning, aged 64
years. Bright's disease was the Im
mediate cause of death. The deceased
was born In Buffalo, N. T. He was In
business In Chicago for more than
thirty years. He left Chicago In 1891
and came to Honolulu. Besides a
widow, he leaves a son, Dr. Francis R.
Day of this city, who is at present with
President Dole In the United States;
besides two- brothers — F. H. Day of
San Francisco and R. R. Day of Chi
cago.
EVIDENCE
OF BRIBERY
IN YOLO
George Turner Tells
of Money Paid by
Gamblers.
Induced by Supervisor
Snyder to Drop a
Prosecution.
Had Caused the Arrest of
Peter Boyle, a Faro
Operator.
THE CASE WAS DISMISSED.
His Statement Borne Out by the
Records of Justice Gill's
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 22.— While the
lips of Thomas Snyder, the accused
Supervisor of Yolo County, remain
sealed, the tongues of others are bab
bling and new rumors are floating
thick and fast. The most recent con
tribution from the town of many scan
dals comes with the statement of
George N. Turner, which is in line
with the assertion made by Ed Curry,
who said in the presence of Thomas
Lovedale, Assessor Chamberlain and
Casselman, that Snyder had offered
him $100 to "let up on the gamblers."
George Turner's statement is as fol
lows:
"In the first place I am a very warm
friend of Ed Curry's. He helped me
out once when I was in trouble, and
when he took up the fight against the
gamblers I stayed with his end of It
and swore to a warrant myself. The
warrant I swore to was against Pete
Boyle, and was filed on the 18th day of
May, 1897. Just before the case was
to come up I met Tom Snyder In the
ladies' entrance of the West End
saloon, where he gave me $5 and told
me to go and dismiss the case against
Boyle."
"Did you receive the money from
him?" he was asked.
"He paid it to me with his own
hands."
"Was there any one present?"
"Yes."
"Who?"
"He is a very prominent man in the
town of Washington, and I do not want
to divulge his name now, but if the
matter ever comes up where I am com
pelled to answer I shall."
"Are you sure he saw you?"
"He could not help it because he was
standing within one foot of Snyder and
me, and overheard Tom tell me to go
and have the case dismissed."
"What did you then do?"
"I went and had It dismissed."
"Do you remember the amount of the
costs?"
"Yes; four dollars and a half."
In the Justices Docket of Washing
ton Township, Yolo County, on page 16,
is the record or the case and the dis
missal. The record is here given:
Justices' Court of Washington Town
ship, county of Yolo, State uf California.—
The people of the State of California vs.
Peter Boyle.
Personally appeared before me George
N. Turner of Washington and accuses
Peter Boyle of the crime of (faming, play-
Ing faro, a misdemeanor.
May 18— Warrant of arrest Issued and
placed in hands of Constable P. E. Mc-
Gregor.
May 21— Warrant returned. Defendant in
court. Waives arraignment. Gives bond
in the sum of one hundred dollars.
May 21— George Turner, appearing in
court, states for himself, having no attor
ney, that he desires th* case of Peter
Boyle dismissed, he paying the costs. It
is therefore ordered that the costs be
paid and the bondsmen dismissed.
Done in open court, May 21, 1597.
$4 50. J. L. GILL. J. P.
George Turner's true name is Newell.
He is called Turner for the reason that
he has for many years lived with an
uncle by that name. In answer to a
question he said:
"I am a boiler-maker by trade, and
am at present employed as a fireman
at the water works of the town of
Washington."
Mr. Snyder was shown the statement
of Mr. Turner, and, in company with a
Call correspondent, visited the office of
the Justice of the Peace and examined
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .- .
Women,
JK^ #rf^ And Consider the All-Important Fact,
(■^L jBsT \W* That in addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are con*
BBL Qi »* j fiding your private ills to a woman— a woman
l^Mh-^_^^v^" X whose experience in treating woman's
/^W \ J^"V diseases is greater than that of any liv-
/ V^jPtltl ing physician— male or female.
ii i\7lr^\ ¥K^ "\E^vl You can talk freely to a woman
A n!k~jP* Jml /7 SS * > nn k x A~^ )/V when it is revolting to relate \ your ,
\ U^^ /^/ / /j\r^\\(f \ private troubles to a man— besides,
V i^f^, J^^^B^_lA N _) I X'/ } a man dors not understand— simply
<1 jBboStT fjr because he is a man.
w MmK^^^ Many women suffer in silence and
drift along from bad to worse, know-
/f^J^^^HMtAV. -\ ing full well that they ought to have
<£~!^^^^BNm'il/z?f immediate assistance, but a natural
vviX / '^n^r'^jßk modesty impels them to shrink from
y^A^^jio \^/t^ exposing themselves to the questions
/ I .^^ Bnd probably examinations of even
/ .lit i/H their family physician. Itisunneces-
m■ Mi (II ' W^Ll sary. Without money or price you
g 1/ I J llX^^ l^^^ can consult a woman, whose
M 'It \\f^^~~ ' '■» knowledge from actual experi-
V I* Ipyf s^^/"" ence is greater than any local
m Iy^ "■> physician in the world. The f ol-
w I - lowing invitation is freely offered;
if accept it in the same spirit:
MRS. PINKHAM'S STANDING INVITATION.
Women suffering from any form of female weakness are invited to promptly
communicate with Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass. All letters are received,
opened, read and answered by women only. A woman can freely talk of her
private illness to a woman; thus has been .established the eternal^confidence be-,
tween Mrs. Pinkham and the women of America which has never been broken. ;
Out of the vast volume of experience which she has to draw from, it is more
than Dossible that she has gained the very knowledge that will help your :
case. She asks nothing in return except your good-will, and her advice
relieved thousands. ; Surely any woman, rich or poor, is very foolish if she does
not take advantage of this generous off of assistance.— Lydia L. Pipkham
Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
the record. In connection with the
circumstance Mr. Snyder said:
"I never gave Turner one single dol
lar for the purpose of having him dis
miss any case. The only money that
has ever passed between him and me
has been on occasions when I have
paid him for some work that he has
done for the county. I deny every
word of his statement as a falsehood.
I never gave him money; I never told
him to dismiss that case. That is all
I have to say."
Thomas Lovedale, who is mentioned
in the memorandum made by Cassel
man on the 22d day of November, 1897,
upon being asked the question whether
or not he heard Ed Curry say that Su
pervisor Snyder had offered him $100
to "quit on the gamblers," replied:
"I have been dragged into this affair
without my consent, and shall make
no statement one way or the other
concerning that conversation. When
this matter comes up in court it will
be time for me to make a statement,
and before that I most respectfully re
fuse to be interviewed."
Mr. Lovedal is a very prominent man
in the county of Yolo, and much re
gret is expressed by many that he
should refuse to tell what he knows.
His word would be accepted without
a moment's hesitancy and would have
great weight in whatever direction the
influence of his statement would tend.
George K. Rider, who is also men
tioned several times in the Casselman
statement, was seen at his home on
Fifth street this morning. Mr. Rider is
associated with Frank Daroux in the
proprietorship of the Washington pool
rooms. Said he:
"In the first place I am too old a
duck to be caught doing such a foolish
thing as to offer or give a man a bribe
in the broad sunlight in the presence
of a dozen people. Had I been doing
the business Mr. Casselman gives me
credit of doing, you may depend upon
it he nor no other man would have wit
nessed the transaction. I remember
the occasion very well when I gave
Tom Snyder some greenbacks at the
depot in this city. It was one morning
just before he was going to Woodland.
I intended giving it to him up town,
but in some way missed him, so went
to the depot knowing that I could over
take him before he left. I stood wiiere
I could have been seen by at least a
dozen people, and knew at the time
that that was the situation, i did hand
Supervisor Snyder some money. It was
currency. It was not $100, however,
nor was there much of a wad. It
amounted just exactly to one-tenth of
$100— in other words, I handed Snyder
on that occasion the sum of $10, the
denomination being two $5 bills."
"For what was this money given?
was asked.
"I was paying a license fee for some
saloon keeper over in Washington," re
plied Mr. Rider.
"Did you ever have a talk with Cas
selman about it?"
"I believe I did on one occasion, and
if I remember right, I told him what I
gave to Snyder, together with a state
ment of the purpose."
"What business relations do you
have, if any, with Abe Morris at Wood
land?"
"We pay him a commission for the
money he handles for us. I believe he
makes about $100 a month. We pay it
to him, not for the purpose of securing
ourselves in any way, but simply as
a business proposition. Why, we do
the same thing in Fresno and other
places in the State. Money is handled
for us by some local man, and for that
we pay him a commission. lam look
ing for a good man now to represent
us in the city of Stockton. We are
known throughout the State as being
reliable. Men know that when they
play their money with us they will be
treated right, and for that reason we
have many connections similar to
the one with Abe Morris at Wood
land."
"Did you ever contribute arty part of
$250 for the purpose of repealing the
present ordinance?"
•'Do you mean the two-fifty Abe
Morris has been reported as getting?"
"Yes."
"Well, that Is the biggest fool propo
sition of any. Do you think I would ex
pend any part of $250 to the end of re
pealing an ordinance that suited me to
death? Why. say. I would be more apt
to loosen up a few dollars to have that
ordinance remain just as it is. Under
that ordinance, I can run my games
with impunity. W T hy should I want it
changed for one under which they
might bring me to time? No, sir; you
are all wrong on that proposition.
When my men were all arrested I em
ployed an attorney of Woodland to se
cure a dismissal of the case. I told him
I wanted my case dismissed and not
to bring the ordinance to a test. I was
satisfied where I stood, provided I could
avoid a trial. I do not know what was
done or how it was done. I paid my at
torney — Baker was his name — I paid
him, I say, to have these cases dis
missed. He got them dismissed with
out attacking the validity of the ordi
nance and that is what I wanted. He
did the work for me and I paid him and
asked no questions."
"Do you contribute anything for pro
tection now?"
"We do not."
"Has Tom Snyder an interest in the
games?"
"He has not; no more than you have.
"Are you satisfied with the present
state of affairs in Washington?"
"More than satisfied," replied Rider,
with a smile, as he excused himself and
said no more, ■
Asiatic cholera was first supposed to
have originated from the consumption
of unsound rice, and was called "the
rice disease."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney and Bladder Troubles Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail.
Men and women doctor their troubles [
so often without benefit that they get
discouraged and skeptical. In most
such cases serious mistakes are made
in doctoring and in not knowing what
our trouble is or what makes us sick.
The unmistakable evidences of kidney
trouble are pain or dull ache in the
back, too frequent desire to pass water,
scanty supply, smarting irritation. As
kidney disease advances the face looks
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles
under the eyes, the feet swell and
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should
further evidence be needed to find out
the cause of sickness, then set urine
aside for twenty-four hours; if there
is a sediment or settling it is also con-
vincing proof that our kidneys and
bladder need doctoring. A fact often
overlooked is that women suffer as
much from kidney and bladder trouble
as men do.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the dis-
covery of the eminent physician and
scientist and is not recommended for
everything, but will be found just what
is needed in cases of kidney and blad-
j^\t *wlgx\oti
——AT——
GOLDEN GATE HALL
- .-.'■- ■ • ■.-•-. -.- -<?-■■.
625 SUTTER STREET,
TO-DAY
(WEDNESDAY)
AND FOLLOWING 3 DAYS,
, At 2:30 and 8 p. m. daily,
BALANCE OF
MIAN'S
COLLECTION
OP
Rare Oriental* Artistic Rugs, Etc,
Which sale was discontinued owing
to the renting of the hall for
a few days.
Antique and Modern
Rugs, Carpets,
Hangings; Etc.
Some amonu which are priceless. One Silk
Rue, exhibited In Vienna in 1890,
won first prize.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Fine Tailoring
... At Cut Rate Prices
ALL WOOL SUITS HADE TO ORDER FOR
$12, $15.50, $17.50 and $20 S
THETBEATTHE WORLD FOR QUALITY AMD STYLE '
«Joe Poheim, The Tailor
844-846 Market St. " 3 " Fr&IICiSCD /•
1201-203MontgomerySt.1 201-203MontgomerySt. CAL. I j : V
Iwlm3l,jlillMb,
a
■ ;.; - A prominent vocal instructor, living in one of the prosperous cities of
Connecticut, relates •; a' curious '-, experience: "In learning," she says, l" to
properly place and sustain the tone, pupils : sometimes r feel a faint ness and diz-
ziness arising from the peculiar action of the diaphragm and the effort of con-
trolling of the breath. I have; known a girl to. actually have to sit down for
fear of fainting. •I i became convinced .that '• the difficulty , came from a weak
stomach and \ talked with my physician about it. : He was inclined to think
that I had the right solution of the trouble. Some time after that I, from
time to time, gave a > Kipans Tabole to a pupil, ' suggesting that it be taken
before coming to the next lesson. The effect was precisely what I had hoped.
: The pupils were relieved of I the difficulty and able to take the full half hour of
vocal exercise without any of the old trouble. ' It seems a queer use to mak»
*» MfidiriTifii bat it vwt iffeatim*
der disorders or uric acid troubles due
to weak kidneys, such as catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It corrects in-
ability to hold urine and smarting in
passing it, and promptly overcomes
that unpleasant necessity of being
compelled to get up many times during
the night.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of this great remedy is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures. Sold by druggists, price fifty
cents and one dollar. So universally
successful is Swamp-Root in quickly
curing even the most distressing cases,
that to Prove its wonderful merit you
may have a sample bottle and a book
of valuable information, both sent ab-
solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
postage on the bottle. Mention the San
Francisco Daily Call and send yourad-
dress to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. Y. This generous offer appearing in
this paper is a guarantee of genuine-
ness.
AUCTION
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THURSDAY, FEB. 24 at 12 M, Sharp
MARKET-BT. BARGAIN'
55x120— Corner Market st. and Rose aye.,
55 feet on Page; near junction Hayes, Frank-
lin, Gough, McAllister, Valencia and Potter,
property with a great future.
! PACIFIC— STORES AND DWELLINGS ; RENTS $48;
WILL BELL IN 1 OR 3 PIECES.
46x60—2 fronts ; 1208 and 1210 Pacific. 2 stores.
23x60—107 Barnard, In rear of above; cottage
and stable.
POST, WEST OF FRANKLIN.
; 26x120—1304 Poat, 54 feet west from Franklin;
| 2-story dwelling; 9 rooms and bath.
TURK, WEST OF PIERCE.
46x137:6 — 1610 Turk, sunny side; street accept-
ed; 2-story basement house; 8 rooms and bath.
■ASON, BETWEEN GREEN AND UNION.
34:4^x137:6—1709 Mason, west line, 65:9 feet
north of Green; referee sale without limit.
HOWARD ST.— STORES AND FLATS.
27x86—2705-2707 Howard, south of Twenty-
third; store and 4 rooms and bath; 2 flats, 8
and 7 rooms and bath.
* LOTS, DAME * WHITNE7, SOUTH OF 30th.
2 lots, each 25x125— West line of Dame, 125
feet south of Thirtieth; 2 lots, each 25x125—
East line of Whitney, 225 feet soutn of Thir-
tieth St.
GREEN, NEAR DUPONT ; RENTS $77.
16:6x137:6—423 Green and 14 Pollard place; 3
new bay-window flats, with basement suitable
for business.
20th BT.-7 BAY-WINDOWS— SIOOO CASH.
25x82:6—4172 Twentieth St., east of Castro; 11
rooms and bath; 7 bay windows; all modern
'conveniences; $1000 cash; remainder to suit
buyer.
HERMANN ST.— LOT EAST OF FILLMORE.
26x120 — North line of Hermann, through to
| Germanla, 103:6 feet east of Fillmore; a splen-
did bargain.
8 LOTS— STEVENSON, NORTH OF 14th.
95x75— West line of Stevenson, 70 feet north
of Fourteenth; In lots to suit; also 4 lots, each
25x6r>, east line of Stevenson, 120 north of Four-
teenth — a great bargain.
4 OHURCH-BT. LOTS.
4 lots, each 25x100— East line of Church, 51:6
north of Twenty-sixth; Church street will be
an important business street.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured, so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home)
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
Btrength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able tiiem to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
1112
MINERS' DAY
AT THE FAIR
Crowds Come From All
Sections of the
State.
Governor Budd and Staff
Watch a Drilling
Contest.
Cornish Wrestlers Give Entertain
ment to Large Assem
blages.
MINERS' days at the fair opened
yesterday under the most aus
picious circumstances. In ad
dition to the large excursions
that came from Tuolumne, Ne
vada and Calaveras Counties, there
was one from Butte, and this crowd
was augmented by an extremely large
attendance from the city. W. C. Ral
ston superintended the drilling and
■wrestling contests and much of the
success is due to his ability. The Gov
ernor and staff. Mayor Phelan and
many prominent guests were present
and made addresses. To-day and to
morrow will be miners' days, and the
Cornish Wrestling and Scientific Rock-Drilling Inter
ests the Spectators.
management have provided the best at
traction of the fair for their benefit.
Judge John R. Davia of Amador
County, the speaker for the evening,
delivered one of the ablest and most
exhaustive addresses upon the mining
history of California that have ever
AFTER SHARKEY'S SCALP.
Will Be Given a Bout in Court Before He
Meets Big Jim Jeffries,
TOM SHARKEY will have a bout with the courts before he puts on the gloves
with Jim Jeffries, the Los Angeles Giant. The Union Delivery and Storage
Company will engage him In legal combat to-day and endeavor to prove be
fore the law that the "Pride of the Navy" is "a very cheap guy." The con
troversy ■will be over two hand satchels and a trunk. Sharkey holds the disputed
articles. The delivery company will go Into court armed with an unpaid bill for
transportation charges.
Sharkey, who has taken up training headquarters at Hoggerty's.on the Ocean
Beach, had his clothing and training apparatus shipped him from "C"allejo. The
articles were securely packed in two valisea and a trunk and shipped on the
steamer Sunol, which arrived here Monday morning. Sharkey's brother and one
of his trainers were at the wharf to receive the baggage. After receiving the
checks they turned them over to an agent of the Union Delivery and Storage
Company, with Instructions to have the satchels and trunk delivered at Heg
gerty's without unnecessary delay. No bargain was made as to the amount to
be charged for the delivery of the baggage.
That oversight on the part of the delivery company's agent and Sharkey's
representative is the cause of the present trouble.
The two satchels and trunk were entrusted to Joseph Griffin, oneof the driv
ers in the employ of the company, with instructions to make all possible haste
to Heggerty's and to be equally speedy In collecting the charges. When Griffln
reached the training quarters he jumped off the wagon and picking up the two
satchels entered the place. He asked for Sharkey, and after delivering the
satchels presented to him the way bill calling for $5 transportation charges.
Sharkey, who had been punching the bag when the delivery wagon arrived,
was somewhat exhausted, and when the bill was presented to him he almost col
lapsed.
"Five dollars!" lie feebly ejaculated.
"Correct, sir," said • irifTin, affably. "It is a long run out here, and the team
will have to be put In the stable when I get back to the city."
Shnrkny had by that time recovered somewhat from the knockout blow given
him by the bill.
"I want you to understand, young fellow," said he, "that while I'm not a
cheap guy, I'm not a sucker. I won't pay any such amount."
"Then you can't have the trunk," replied Griffin.
Sharkey was in a towering rage in an instant, and danced around the room.
He wae In ring costume and Griffln was overawed. Fearing that Sharkey might
take him for a punching bag he suggested a little long range fighting. He as
sured Sharkey that he was not responsible for the size of the bill and that the
only redress to be had would be from the office.
"I'm not a cheap guy," repeated Sharkey, who had cooled down in a measure.
"Two dollars is all I will pay you."
"I will have to return the trunk to the city," said Griffln, "for if I do not
collect I will be held responsible for the charges."
Sharkey then engaged in some deep Thinking and evolved a strategic play.
"You had better telephone your office." said ho to Griffln, "and learn if a
mistake has not been made."
Griffln, who feared that his nose might at any moment be spread over his face,
quickly caught at the idea of using the telephone. While he was engaged at the
'phone Sharkey slipped out of the room.
"They say that rather than have any trouble they will accept $4 from you,
Mr. Sharkey." said Griffln. turning from the telephone.
The room was deserted. Griffin hurried out on the beach and found Sharkey
directing the removal of the trunk from the wagon by two of his trainers.
Griflln protested. He said that the removal of the trunk under existing cir
cumstances was a.n offense punishable by law. Sharkey was obdurate and the
trunk was carted into the training quarters. As an act of condescension Sharkey
signed a receipt for the satchels and trunk and after his name wrote "protest."
When Griffln returned ;to the office and told the story of his adventures hia
employers became wroth and declared they would invoke the aid of the Jaw.
"We are not going to stand any such imposition," said S. A. Hussey, president
of the delivery company. la;;t night, "and before we get through with Sharkey he
will realize that he has been in a mix-up. We intend having a warrant issued
for his arrest to-morrow and if the criminal courts cannot deal with the case
we will try the civil courts. It will cost Sharkey more than $5 before- he is
through with us. It is not the first time that he has tried such tactics. He says
that he is not a cheap guy. 1 feel that befora we are finished he will find that he
is mistaken on that point."
been heard in this city. He spoke in j
part as follows:
"The fiftieth anniversary of any !
event is its golden jubilee. On the 24th '
of last month we .celebrated, by a j
grand pageant in the streets of this i
city,' the- golden jubilee of the discov- j
cry of gold on the Pacific slope. This j
magnificent mining fair is but a con- i
tinued celebration of that event, and j
to-day, set apart by your committee
as miners" day, is reserved for an ex- j
elusive mining celebration of the won- j
derful discovery of gold that ultimately i
gave to the world a new common- I
wealth, and to the flag of the Union its
thirty-first star.
"To-day, which under ordinary cir
cumstances we would devote exclu
sively to a celebration of the birthday
of the 'Father of His Country": to
day, while our eyes are still moist with
sorrow for the fate of the brave men
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
of the pride of % our navy, and while we
tire yet patiently waiting to know
what it means; to-day, we celebrate
an event that finally gave to our coun
try its most valued and largest terri
torial acquisition. We feel that Amer
ica must still yield to the manifest des
tiny that makes her great. No hostile
threat of any foreign power, and no
grasping insolence of any domestic
trust shall dispel our hope, that the
stars and stripes will yet float tri
umphant from Newport News to Pearl
Harbor, from Washington to Havana,
and from Honolulu to the Golden Gate.
"My friends, gold is the theme of the
day we celebrate. But he ill interprets
the thought and the ideals of our peo
ple who imagines that in this State, or
on this day, or in our heart of hearts
we do not know that the claim of Cali
fornia to the gratitude of the nation
can never rest alone on the fact of the
material discovery of fifty years ago, or
the material production of the years
that have followed. This is Indeed the
Golden State, but, beyond all our
golden one billion, three hundred mil
lion dollars of the royal metal, beyond
our golden grain, our golden oranges,
our golden poppies, our golden sunshine
and our golden wine, the history of our
pioneer fathers and mothers, their
struggles and triumphs in frontier life
and mining camp contain a promise,
that here, in the veins of this mighty
commonwealth, In the life and soul of
this great people, are other treasures,
the outcroppings of which we see to
day, the gold of an uprigTit, downright
lightning defying intellectual honesty;
the gold of a sincere and reverent
spirituality; the gold of a frank, brave,
strong and tender manhood; the gold
of an intelligent, loving, loyal, pure
and plucyy womanhood. These are the
treasures which California will lay at
the feet of the nation; these are the
virtues which are the lineal descend
ants of the courage and the heroism
and high endeavor of the gulches and
the mines, of those immortal scenes
and incidents of the days of '49 that are
to be the burden and the theme of the
[unsung Iliad' of the Sierras and the
pines."
The Cornish wrestling contest for
heavy and light weights were next
upon the programme and proved most
interesting. The judges were J. Pol
kinhorn and E. S. Van Court, while the
referee was George Miehli^er of the
Olympic Club. The first contest was
between J. W. Jaffaud, 197 pounds, and
Fred Webster, 185 pounds. Jaffaud
was an easy winner in the first bout,
Webster being in no condition.
The second contest, between James
Rodda, 156 pounds, and Charles Has
kins. 160 pounds, was a lively one, and
lasted for six bouts. Haskins won.
Thomas Whalen, 171 pounds, and Ollie
Phillips, 148 pounds, put up a lively
four bouts. The contest was won by
Whalen. The terms of the wrestling
were for two hips and a shoulder or
two shoulders and a hip to constitute
a fall. The other wrestling and rock
drilling contests come off to day and
to-morrow.
It was 2:30 o'clock Jn the afternoon
when Governor Budd and staff, accom
panied by Hon. Jacob H. Neff, presi
dent of the California State Miners'
Association, Mayor Phelan, Colonel E.
A. Benicke and S. J. Hendy, entered
the Pavilion and took seats upon the
band stand. Their entrance was the
signal for the formal opening of the
miners' day exercises and the crowd
rapidly gathered around the stand.
President Neff bespoke success for
the miners' day and paid the fair a
high compliment for its varied exhibit
and excellent management. He then
introduced Governor Budd, who spoke
as follows:
"Fifty years ago when gold was first
discovered it started an immigration
to California from the other States of
all kinds and classes of people, who
sought here not only gold, but a new
home. Presto, in a few years Califor
nia became a State, and now it is the
first of all the States In the Union. J
(Great applause.)
"California, the State which discov
ered gold, and which to-day gives this !
exhibition, will, in connection with :
other States, give an exhibition that ;
shall be second only to that of the j
great national exposition held at Chi- ,
cago. Let us start and fight for fhe j
coming exposition, and two years from
this day we shall realize it. My friends
we have the miners with us to-day,
and we also have the best Mayor that
San Francisco has ever had and he
will speak to you now."
Mayor Phelan with this introduction,
after acknowledging the compliment
paid him, said:
"San Francisco is the chief city of
the State and coast, and many and
vast are the benefits derived from its
great commercial prosperity. This pros
perity makes possible in the art of
mining what otherwise would not be
possible. Her citizens are eager to do
their best, and this exhaustive display
testifies the fact.
"By a strange coincidence it Is Just
fifty years since gold was discovered
here, and now comes a similar discov
ery in the great north. This will
only serve to add to the glory and gain
of the city. Let me add that, while
the money of this city has made many
things possible to the miners, they
have repaid their debt, for with their
orders for mining outfits and machin
ery, they In their turn have made it
possible for those firms to establish
plants here that enable them to help
build the American navy; so that San
Francisco has become known as a ship
building city. On this Washington's
birthday, while we welcome you to our
city, let us not forget that California
is part and parcel of this great Union,
ever ready to do her part in upholding
the national honor, and we cannot tell
from the present crisis how soon she
may be called upon."
At the conclusion of the addresses
the invited guests witnessed the three
handed drilling contests between the
representatives of Nevada and Tuo
lumne counties.
Nevada County was represented by
Pat and John Feeney and Joe Larkin,
and Tuolumne by Lewis Page, John
Kitto and John Dingle. The first prize
was $225, and the second $120. This was
offered by the State Miners' Associa
tion. The terms of the contest were for
fifteen minutes' drilling in solid granite
and while the world's record of 43
inches was not broken excellent ones
were made. The judges were Professor
Waldmer Lindgren of Stanford Uni
versity and Professor S. B. Christy of
the University of California, while "Ed
ward H. Benjamin was the time
keeper.
Tuolumne County won the toss and
took the second hole and the second
round. This made Nevada County open
the contest and at the crack of the
pistol they began. Larkin held the drill
and the Feeney brothers did the strik
ing. They worked without a single
change. As the minutes were counted
off by the time-keeper the crowd
gathered around and cheered and the
band struck up a lively air.
Tuolumne followed with Its team
Page, Kltto and Dingle alternated with
the drill. After an examination of the
holes the judges announced that Ne
vada County had drilled 36% inches and
Tuolumne County 41^ inches. Tuolum
ne won by 4% inches.
ON THE MARION.
A Grand Reception by the Local Di
visions of the Naval Militia.
On Monday the United States ctf>am- |
ship Marlon, now the training ship of the I
naval militia, located at this port, was
transformed into as magnificent a bower
M potted plants, shrubs, flags and ban
ners could make It. the occasion being a
reception to friends given by the petty
officers and members of the local div'l
i sions of the militia. Overhead there were
canvas awnings and the scene was
made brilliant by numerous incan
descent lights that gave the hun
dreds of ladles and their escorts who
were invited an opportunity to see what a
warship looks like when decorated on an
occasion of ceremony. In addition to the
many citizens there were present Captain
Turner, Lieutenant Commander T. A.
Nerney, executive officer, and many of
the other officers.
Between 8 and 9 o'clock there was a
promenade concert, during which time the
guests had an opportunity to examine the
ship and her armament and after that
there was dancing on the main and on
the poop deck. The event was one that
was enjoyed to the fullest by all present,
and to the following named committees is
due the credit of the success of the affair-
Arrangements— Ensign George E. Kam
merer. Lieutenant Harry P. Gray, Petty
Officer Henry Harris, Petty Officer J. C
Kelly. Petty Officer Russell F. Reed Pet
ty Officer J. Frank Murphy, Petty Officer
George E. Donnellan, Petty Officer John
Beattie and William T. Bonney.
Deck manager, Petty Officer C. R. Al
berger; assistants. Petty Officer J. C. Kel
ly. Petty Officer R. F. Reed, Petty Officer
J. F. Murphy.
The ship's crew acted as a reception
committee. .
Book oocial for Charity.
The Woman's Educational and Indus
trial Union is to give a social at its
headquarters, 8 Van Ness avenue, on the
evening of the 24th instant, at 8 o'clock.
As the object is two-fold— to entertain
their friends and benefit the library of the
union— a delightful programme has been
prepared and admission to the evening's
festivities can be secured by presenting a
book, not necessarily a new one, at the
door.  • :
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wlr.d. The top fig
ures at rtatlon Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal |
temperature. The word "high" means high I
barometric pressure and Is usunlly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon !s lm
frobable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Merldlnn— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with thone of the same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Seat-on. Season.
Eureka 0 24.11 35.87
Red Bluff 0 9. 80 20.94
Sacramento 0 7.04 14.47
San Francisco 0 6. 50 17.76
Fresno 0 3.35 8.58
San Luis Obispo 0 3.96 17.56
Ixo Angeles 0 4.11 14.43
San Diego 0 3.3$ 10.11
Yuma 0 1.26 4.87
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 43; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Pacific Coast during the past twelve hours.
It has risen over the Rocky Mountain region
and eastward to the Missouri Valley.
The temperature has risen slowly over the
Pacific Slope. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperatures are about normal.
Rain Is falling at Portland and Fort Canby.
A maximum wind velocity of 64 miles per hour
from the southeast is reported at Fort Canby.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Feb. 23, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, ex
cept rain In extreme northern portion Wednes
day afternoon; light northerly changing to
southeasterly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; colder early
Wednesday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
westerly changing to southeasterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, 'aiten
at 6 p. m. — Clear; wind north. 12 miles; temp
erature, 48; maximum temperature, 53.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
BOSTON WOOL. MARKET.
i BOSTON, Feb. 22.— The wool market is quiet
this week, with prices, a trifle easier. Aus
tralian wools show no weakness In any lines
and buyers do not hesitate, to pay the prices
asked. Territory .(.Is 'are moving slow, but
full -market prices are being' sustained. Fleece
wools are, quiet, with prices a little easier.
Territory, wools — Montana , fine medium and
fine, lCg'lSc: : scoured, 47<fi'50c; staple, 52@53c;
Utah. Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine,
15@17c; scoured, 4T'(i4Sc: staple. 600620.
Australian, scoured, basis combing, super
fine. 70i?i"2c;- combing, '6s@6Sc; combing, ' aver
age, 62@65c: ■ ■ »■■ :■ ■ - ■ ■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. CHICAGO, Feb. CATTLE— greater
part of ' the Cattle offered went at $4 2">@4 00,
. with the poorest lots at $3 85<i7>4; stockers and
feeders, $3 63i&4 30; light weight stock Cattle,
$1 30; canning Cattle, $2 5001 So; prime calves,
$3 73. ■-- .•■■: ' ■■■ ■ ■■■ ' ■ ■ - :.,-.■ *'- ■ -;
HOGS— lower. Hogs sold at an extreme
range of $3 90W4 15, the I greater part going for
$1 02M.@4 In. and pigs sold largely at $3 60@4. ,
SHEEP— There was a good demand for sheep
and lambs, sales being on the basis of $3 IT."! 1
4 05 for inferior to choice natives. Fed West
ern sheep $4 10i&-4 60, heavy shorn going for
$3 60; yearlings sold at $4 60<§"5; lambs were
slightly higher, with sales at « f-O^o 65 for
common to prime, shorn lots fetching »4 60 and
feeding lambs $5 25; * Western and Colorado
lambs predominated.- - '*- \ '„.-■' ~
Receipts— 5000; Hogs, 24,000; Sheep.
10,000. fi .
. KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 6600. | Westerns active, fed Colorado
selling up to $4 90; choice fat beeves, $4 75®
6 20; medium killers, $4(if 4 75: native cows and
heifers, strong, *2 25(5'4 30 r stockers and feed
ers $3 23@5 05; bulls, $2 MM 60;. Southern cat
tle, native steers, $3 40@4 05. _ .
Receipts, ! official. 17.300. Bulk of
sales, $3 S0«?3 95: heavies,' $3 7804 10: packers,
$3 mixed. $3 65-54: light. $3 66@3 95; york
ers, $3 »o@3 95; pigs, $3 Bo@3 70.- ■
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Muttons, fairly ac
tive, $3 75©4 25 for medium to fair; only in
ferior to medium lambs offered; sales, $3 65
@5 10. ;■■• ■•.■ ; •.- ■ » ■: \ . ■ ..: 1
OMAHA. |
OMAHA. Feb. 22. -CATTLE— 3800.
Market steady; ' native beef steers. $3 75©4 ■ ;
Western , steers, $3 50@4 CO: Texas steers. $3@
3 65 : cows and • heifers. 13^3 90 ; - stockers and
feeders. $3 60@4 70; calves, *4@6; " bulls and
Btgs, J2 40<?i3 70. .: V ' „ ' '
Receipts. 9300. - Market ' B@loc lower:
heavy, $3 So@3 90; mixed. $3 80@3 S3; -light. .$3 60
m M; bulk of sales, *3 85. ' \ „ . :
SHEEP— Receipts," MM. Market steady; fair
to • choice natives. «$3 70@4 70: - fair to choice
Westerns, *3 (!OS"i4 50; common and stock sheep,
$3@4; lambs. $4@5 50. ' • r-. v:
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydro&raphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, ia
Directory or
MINING ROCKERS.
Mining
Rockers.
PRICE REDUCED.
Indispensable in prospecting. A fortune ma> i
be lost without It. Weighs only 33 pounds, j
Folds up to carry easily. Does the work per-
fectly. Practical, economical. Everybody buys
one since we cut down price to $7 50.
S-MIVIIC
CASH' STORE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERB— EVERYTHING HERE.
25-27 Market St, Near the Water Front.
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MbNTAGUF&^cdr,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
i MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
DON'T GO TO Th¥kLONDIIKE~
OR anywhere else without a supply of
PRATT 1 S ABOLITION OIL, the never-failing
remedy for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lame
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists.
504 Washington st.
. UME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for the
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
ecurvy, etc. M'KR O. SRESOVICH & CO.. j
Agents. 521 to 525 Sansome St., San Francisco. I
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of intertst to m.an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
lie United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N., In charge.
THE CALL Ci-ENDAR.
February, IS3B. I
:su.
Mo
We Th.
.2 3
9 10
16 17-
23 24
Fr.
4
11
5
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
FebS.
i
6
13
7
14
21
28
.8
It
IT
.jo-Last Quarter
jV& Feb. U.
' i*\ New Moon,
I K£} Feb. 20.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast' and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY-ISUS.
. Wednesday, February 23.
Sun rises '.. .....~ ...-- B:W
Sun sets..... : ....5:o.
Moon sets. ....-...:... 9:21 P. M.
i'Peei
J
has
2:11
2:-K>
:. .i
5.1
5.U
7:5(1
8:45
•J:47
1..
1.1
8:21
•ii
NOTE. In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
tbe depth given by the charts.
ML.V.IIJCS TO AIUUVJ&,
Steam kk.
umpire
Homer.......:..
Washtenaw.....
North ForK
Columoia ......
Willamette,...
President.
Wellington. ....
Walla Walla....
Santa Rosa
Mackinaw......
Coos Bay .
State or Cai....
Orizaba.........
Doric .....:.. ..
Acamilco :.:..'.
uoos nay
Newport.... .......'
Tacoma....... .... ....
mimooidt .........
Portland....
Seattle...
Yaqulna Bay
Departure Bay
Victoria and Puget Shd.. .
San Dlsero: :.......
Tacoma .:. „.
Newport
Poruana: .,.: -..;
Mexico
China and Japan .......
Panama
Feb 23 |
Feb 2i :
I Feb 23 ,
Teb2» i
Fob 2-1 !
I Feb 34
Feb 24
Fob2.>
Feb 2*
Fob
Feb2ii
Feb 28
Feb 28
Mar 1 I
Mar 1
Mar 1 j
STEABIEItS TO SAIL.
Stkamkk. ! Destinatiox|
Sails.
,te of Cal ] Portland
ellc China ifcJnp.in
sscenl C iGniys Harbor
catii I Coos bay
niona.... : San Dle?o
uriDOsa. . Syil ney
y Pueblu | Vic & Pgi Una
■iner illumboldt....
lunibia. Portiaii'i
nhPork Ilumboldt —
wport. ..Panama
n ta Rosa San Dicg-o
rigo Alaska
lencia... Alaska
ilia Wlia Vic & P Sourui
! Fob 22. 10 am Pier 2»
Fob 23. 1 pm PM SS
Fob 23. 12 H Pier 2
Feb 24, 10 AM- Pier l.i
Fob 24. 11 a* Pier 11
Feb 25. 2fm Pier 7
Feb 25. 10 am Pier 9
Feb 25. 10 am | Pier a
Feb 26. 10 am Pier 21
Feb ST. 9 am Pier 2
Feb 28. 12 M PM S3
Feb 28. 11 AM Pier 11
Mar 1.
Mar 1. ....... ........
Mar 2. 10 am Pier 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
22, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
'
TRANSPORTATION.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAY, can arrange to
have their provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND'
TRADING CO. <
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front st., San Francisco. r
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
62S Market St.
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June L Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 ' cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamer*
to Dyea and Skaguay.
 Al CLIPPER BARK, »
11 NORTHERN LiIQHT, "
Captain • Joseph Whlteslde, Commanding.
■ Will Sail for
K.OT-ZEOUE SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
MAY 1O ---- 1898.
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. bnggage.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1. 189 S.
Address CAPT. B. COGAN,
44 East St.. San Francisco.
$390 (INSTALLMENTS) will land you at Daw.
! son. including food and clothes for one year;
"cheaper than staying at home": chance to
locate claims at Koynkuk, Tanana, Mlnook,
Birch Creek. Circle City or Klondike: limited.
Alaska Transportation Co., 224 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. '
GAS^JiNGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPINO BAOS. ■_
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS.
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mad«
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3^4 Spear st., San Francisco.
SLEDS. J3OATS. ETC,
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, .Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats. can bo
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third I
st. 'Phone Red 2361.  .■ ■. l v
P. & B. PRODUCTS. r
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B. V
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings: are particularly adapted to Alaskan
I trade. - PAKAFFINE PAINT CO.. , 116 Battery
I st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February 22.
Stmr Pomona, Jepsen, 63 hours from Sifc*
Diego and way ports.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikullcich, 4 days 18 houfs
', from Nanaimo.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. 27 days fmm
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days, via Hono
, lulu 6 days 10 hours and 58 mm.
] Ship Elwell, R'-der, 12 days from Nanaimo,
I via t'hallam Hay * days.
Ship Benjamin F Packard. Allen, 165 days
i from New York.
: Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 10 days frm
' Departure Bay.
Schr C T Hill, Rudback, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 22.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr State of California, iireen. Astoria,
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. Saa Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Humboldt, IJonlfield, Seattle.
Stmr Excelsior. Downing, Seattle. I ]
Stmr Jewel. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Whitethorn, Johnson.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
' Schr Jennie Thelln. .
! Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, Coquille River.
| Schr Orient, Sanders. Portland.
| Schr Jennie Thelln. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Corinthian, Korth.
: Schr Mary Buhne. Ramsellus. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 22—10 p. m. —Weather,
I hazy; wind, NE; velocity. 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per C T Hill— Feb IS— Lat 40 N. long 125 10
W. Br sealing sch Geneva with 350 sealskins.
! Feb 16— The schr Llbby, had 260 skins.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONOLULU. Feb 14— The bktn Arago re
! turned to port to-day with foretopmast, main
', and tnizzen masts gone. Jigger mast cracked.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
| TACOMA— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Corona, fm
i San Pedro.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 22— Schr Fortuna, for
i San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 22 — Schr
'•■ Fred E Sander, from San Pedro.
i CASPAR— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Maxim, henca
Feb 14.
USAL— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Newsboy, hno
Feb 21.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 21— Stmr Whltelaw.
hence Feb 17, for Dyea; stmr Chilkat, from
Seattle, for Portland.
< CLALLAM BAY— In bay Feb 22— Bark Har- A
j vester, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
i TACOMA— SaII.-d Feb 22— Schr Wm F Wltze
■ mann, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 21— Schr
James A Garfield. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr South
Coast, hence Feb IS.
' Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Alice Blanchard. for .
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAOG— Sailed Feb 22-Schr Barbara
! Hernster. for San Franctoco.
Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Laguna. hence Feb 2".
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Fred E Sanders, from San Pedro.
ASTjOßl A— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT?.
CARMEN ISLAND— Arrived Jan 27-Schr
Norma, from Guayma*.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Jan 3A— Prh Com
l peer, hence Dec 30, to load for Guaymas. Feb
! 16— Schr Fannie Adele, from Grays Harbor to
I load for Guaymas: Ger ship Ben Volrncn to
' sail March 21 for Portland. Or.
In port Feb 12— Rr ship Holyrood. lor Ta-
I coma: Ger ship Ortud, for Tac<>ma: G. r ship
! Alice, for Tacoma: Br ship Kalla-'hulich.
Sailed Feb 10— Ger ship Pallas, for Royal
Topsail Feb 19— Schr Martha W Tuft, for
I Grays Harbor.
KAHt'Lfl-^Outslde Feb 12— Bktn John
I Smith, from Newcastle, NSW: Russ bark Ber
ing, hence Jan 21.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 22— Bark Big Bo
nanza. fr<-ni Port BtakP'PT.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 9— Br stmr Amur,
for Royal Roads.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb U»— Schr Inca. frm
Newcastle. NSW. Fob 11— Stmr Alarneda, hnc
! Feb 4. Feb 14— Bktn Arago, from sea in dis
i tress. Feb 16 — Stmr City of Peking, from
Yokohama.
Sailed Fob s— Brk Alden Besse. for San Fran
cisco. Feb 6— Br bark Owynedd. for Portland,
Or Feb S — Fr war ship Puguay Trouin. fr>r
cruise. Feb !>— rtktn S G Wilder, for San Fran
cisco: bark S C Allen, for San Francisco. Feb
| 10 — Schr Defender, for Port Townsend: bark
Ceylon, for Port Townsend. Feb 11— Stmr A'.a
meda, for Sydney. Fob 13— Ship Tillle c star
buck, for New York. Feb 14— Bark Edward
May, for San Francisco.
To sail Ffb 15 — Haw ship Fort Goorge, for
Royal Roads.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. 4
MALTA— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr A Her. from
New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Scotia, frm
New York.
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Marsellla, for New
York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 22— Ptmr Laurie,
for Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremen.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
CALL IT A CRIME.
Citizens Are Asking Why
Woodward and Bros
nahan Flopped Over.
City Attorney Dow Says the Ex
tortionate Water Rates Are
Illegal-Worth $100,000 to
the Allied Companies.
WHAT CAUSED THE CHANGE?
COLONEL E. W. WOODWARD.
I am in favor of a public park for
this city, and believe that the City
Council should do everything pos
sible to encourage progress. I
go into office witiiout a single string I
on me, and cm be counted on the I
side of the people. I intend that j
my record as a Councilman shall
be as clean as my record as a sol
dier. I have not yet studied water
rates, but am for the peop c. — E.
VV. Woodward last Frijay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 22.
Oakland is in arms to-day and the
excitement is as great as though war
•were declared a gainst Spain. The out
rage perpetrated last night by the solid
six members of the City Council in
passing Henneberry's infamous water
schedule has aroused public opinion as |
it has not been aroused since the water ;
front riots of five years ago.
The sentiment of the great national j
holiday is overburdened by the con
demnation of the treachery practiced
last night. Nothing better was ex
pected of four of the six, but from
Major Woodward, G. A. R., and
Councilman Brosnahan something dif-
CITY ATTORNEY W. A. DOW, Who Declares the Water Rates
as Fixed Last Night to Bs Illegal, and Who Declares He Will
Not Attempt to Defend Them in the Courts.
ff-rr-nt was looked for. Everybody is
asking the question "What caused it?"
For six years Brosnahan has been the
violent opponent of those who had "let
the dogs of -war" in the Fourth
War] and now he calmly lays down i-n
tbelr camp. Less than a month ago he
very anxious that nothing should
be 'lone that would jeopardize reason
able rates, and he took special precau
tions to guard against any jugglery
such as occurred last night, and now
he is with those who were formerly so
odious to him. Why this change?
Major Woodward was appointed last
Friday to fill the place of a man who
nad declined to support the outrage,
ana when asked what course he intend-
"I have studffd water rates for
twenty six years. I have nothing to
say in defense of my vote other than
that i believe 1 have done my duty,
and knowing such to be the case,
there is no p ,\ver on earth that can
vhange me," said Mr. Woodward
to-day.
Ed to pursue he said: "I go into office
without a single string on me and can
be counted on the side of the people.
I intend that my record as a Council
man shall be as clean as my record as
a sofdier." " -:/. - .* r '.'v
. Now people are "wondering what the
"record as a soldier" could have been,
and are asking: "Why this change?"
Last Saturday Woodward said he had
not given the water question any study,
but could be counted "on the side of
the people." To-day he said: "The
fact that I was only in my first meet
ing of the Council cuts no figure, for
1 have been studying the question for
twenty-six years."
City Attorney Dow said to-day:
"The city charter prescribes that the
water rates must be fixed by ordinance-
It is true that the State constitution
says that municipalities shall fix wa
.cr rates cither by ordinance or resolu
tion, bnt the provision of the charter
docs not conflict with this, it simply
specifics the method of fixing the rates
more definitely.
" In a San Francisco case the Supreme
Court held that it Mas not necessary
for the water rate ordinance to be signed
by the Mayor, but that decision was
based on the provisions of the consol
idation act, which applies only to San
Francisco- Tl at act enumerates certain
measures which must be approved by
the A. ay or and the fixing of water rates
i not mentioned among these. There
fore, the court held that it was not
necessary for the water rate ordinance
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
to go to the Mayor in that city
"In case that an attempt is made to
collect water rates in accordance with
the resolution passed last night any
rate payer can contest the matter in the
courts. Holding the opinion, as 1 do,
that the action of the Council in the
premises is illegal I could not appear in
defense of the measure as passed."
The section of the city charter re
ferred to by City Attorney Dow, cover
ing the matter of fixing water rates,
reads as follows: . "The Council shall
have power to pass ordinances to fix
and determine annually iho latcs of
compensation to be collected by any
person, company or corporation in the
city for the use of water supplied to the
city or the inhabitants thereof and to
prescribe penalties for the violation of
all ordinances pa-scd in reference to
matters contained in this subdivison."
®®®®®®®®®®®®®o®®®®
® ®
® Here are a few of the opinions ®
® of officials and citizens of Oak- ®
® land: ®
EX-MAYOR MACK WEB
BER—It looks bad. The action
had the appearance of being cut
and dried. The water companies
could afford to have paid $25,
000 for that resolution.
EX-COUNCILMAN WALTER
G. MANUEL— Language fails
one in such cases to express
one's disgust and discourage
ment. It must be clear to every
one that the Council has sold
out. It Is very discouraging to
one who has sought to do his
duty in such a matter as this to
see all of the -work of years
knocked out at one blow. As far
as I can judge in a hasty exami
nation the resolution raises the
present rates from 50 to 60 per
cent, and possibly more. It con
tains all of the Jokers of the '91
ordinance, such as raises on hy
drants, extras for bathtubs and
other incidentals.
EX-COUNCILMAN W. O.
BUCKLAND— I don't think the
Couneilmen are traitors to the
people; I know they are. The
action last night is clearly il
legal, as they took no trouble to
investigate the cost of the water
companies' plants. They have
no right to make a rate based on
two plants more than on twenty.
If they construct twenty water
plants here, according to their
view, the rates would be so high
as to be prohibitive. I don't
want to say what I think of such
actions by our Council. It is
very evident why one member
resigned and some one else was
appointed to the Council, after
last night's work.
* * *
POLK GRAY— lt's a rank rob
bery. Look what that man
Thomas has done, Fibush re
signs and instead of going to the
people of the Fifth Ward and
consulting with them, and ask
ing them if they had some man
in whom they had confidence
and could recommend, he ap
points this man Woodward be
fore any one could get to the
City Hall with a petition or pro
test.
O. I. DENISON— It is just
what I expected. Now look for
a general clean-up on the sale
of the City Hall Park and the
purchase of a park site.
• « •
EXrCOUNCILMAN C. W.
WILKINS— I called the turn last
night, and it came out just as I
predicted. Fibush was a little
uncertain; the water comapnies
wanted some one they could de
pend upon.
• • *
W. H. WEILBYE— WeII, I can't
find language to express myself
on such an occasion as this.
What is the matter with Thomas
and Woodward? It looks very
much like a put-up job. I can't
find words to express my con
tempt for such actions, and I
don't think tar and feathers are
any too good for such men. It
is outrageous. I wondered what
idea Thomas had in putting
such a man as Woodward into the
office, when there were so many
substantial men in the city who
have some interest in the city's
welfare, who could have been se
cured to take the place. I was
more surprised at the action ta
ken, but can see now that it was
clearly a part of the general
scheme being worked out
* * •
MTLES DOODY-Thafs a
great trick Fibush played on us
He did not want to disgrace the
Jews and let Woodward do It
• • •
JULIUS ZABEL—It looks as
though Woodward thought he
was the people.
• ♦ •
JACOB HARRIS-The Coun
cil ought to be hung in effigy
It's a disgrace to a civilized com
munity.
• • •
DR R. E. BAUSKE-The re
sult of such an action will be to
injure property and to drive
away capital. Already the taxes
are too high and the water rates
heretofore have been excessive
The result in, that people will not
invest in Oakiand and many of
those who are here will want to
get away This is the natural
result of the system. The people
should own their own water
works and other public utilities
and then there would be an in
come to the city from guch
sources, and it would remove
one of the chief causes of cor
ruption. It is too bad that we
cannot get men who will stand
with the people.
• ♦ •
COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH—
It would appear that the peo
ple who supposed that Mr Din
gee's Water Company was an
eleemosynary enterprise and
that he and Moffltt were in water
and politics for their health were
mistaken.
The question, "What caused the
change?" is not yet answered.
Ben Hill Brought Home.
OAKLAND. Feb. 22.-Benjamin L Hill
convicted of shooting his wife on thp
streets of this city one night about a year
ago, was brought to the County Jail this
afternoon from San Quentin where he
has been confined for the past five months
or more. The first three was while await
ing execution. His case was appealed to
the Supreme Court and a stay granted
The lower court was sustained and now
Judge Ellsworth will set a new date for
his execution to-morrow morning HMi
will be returned to San Quentin to-mor
row. The Governor has promised to give
the condemned man a hearing, which It
is expected will result in a commutation
to life imprisonment.
Adams Point Park.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The ordinance de
claring the Adams Point Track necessary
for park purposes for the city was passed
to print last night. It defines the bound
aries in detail and was introduced by
President Pringle and was passed by the
votes of Councilman Brosnahan, Earl
Heltman, Henneberry, Watkinson. Wood
ward and President Pringle. Those op
posing it were Councilmen Cuvellier, Gi
rard, Rowe and Upton.
TOOK POISON
FROM A QUACK
Narrow Escape of a Man
Who Patronized a
Peddler.
Was Near Death From Acute
Spasms When Relief
Came,
Charles Elliott Was Induced to Take
Generously of Wormwood
Mixture.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 22.
Charles E. Elliott was seriously pois
oned last evening through taking some
medicine that had been given him by
a traveling quack doctor.
For sometime Elliott has been suf
fering from dyspepsia, and about a
week ago he was advised to place him
self in the hands of an itinerant ven
dor of nostrums. Elliott did so and
was told that he was suffering from
worms and that a decoction of worm
wood would soon effect a cure. The
medicine was prepared and Elliott fol
lowed the instructions very faithfully.
Each day he became worse and was
told that the medicine was of that
peculiar nature that makes people
sick before it cures them.
Last night Elliott became violently
sick and was seized with convulsions
and spasms. When Dr. D. L. Jones
arrived the patient was in a very ser
ious condition and death was very
near. It was at once seen that Elliott
was poisoned and that his whole sys
tem was permeated with the irritant.
As soon a.« his wife had told Dr. Jones
the story he decided it was the result
of the "wormwood mixture," and acted
accordingly. It was only after seve
ral hours' work that Elliott was out of
danger, and to-day he declares that
no traveling doctor will ever sell him
pills apain.
"People should take warning by El
liott's case," said Dr. Jones to-night,
"and be very caroful about taking med
icines from fakers. Had Elliott taken
any more his chances would have been
very slim when I got to his house."
"THE DUTY OF A CITIZEN."
The National Holiday Marked by
Patriotic Exercises and Ath
letic Events.
OAKLAND. Feb. 22.— The various
Catholic organizations fittingly celebrated
Washington's birthday this evening by a
benefit concert at the Exposition building
for the Sacred Heart Church, which was
burned Thanksgiving eve. The attend
ance was very large and the programme
entertaining. Colonel James F. Smith was
the orator and spoke upon "The Duties
of a Citizen."
The programme consisted of the follow
ing numbers: Overture, orchestra; open- ;
ing remarks. Chairman R. H. Hammorid; |
piano duet, Misses Annie and Tessie
Heverin; recitation, "Winning Cup," Lucy
Donovan; special tli s, Alex Rosborough;
club swinging. Charles Slamberg; over
ture, orchestra, oration. "The Duties of !
a Citizen," Colonel Jarr.es F. Smith: solo,
"Columbia, the (lem of the Ocean," Mlad
Belle O'Brien; recitation, George P. !
Clark; recitation and air, "Heart Bowed i
Down." R. E. J. Kern; "El Capitan," or- I
chestra.
The Exempt Firemen enjoyed them
selves at their annual ball at Armory
Hall. They distribute! fire-hat souvenirs
to their guests. There was a large at
tendance.
The Haywards Athletic Club gave an in
teresting and very successful exhibition
of field sports upon their new grounds.
Valuable trophies were awarded the win
ners, the events being open to all resi
dents of the county.
SABBATH OBSERVANCE.
General Secretary Reid Sets Aside
a Sunday for Special Services.
OAKLAND, Fob. 22.— General Secre
tray Francis W. Reid of the California
Christian Endeavor I'nion has issued the
following notice to all of the societies in
this State:
Dear Endeavorer: I am very anxious
that Sunday, March G, should be very
generally observed throughout the State
by the Endeavorers in their efforts for
better observance of the Sabbath. That
day has been set apart for the study of
this question, both in the Sunday-school
and Uie Endeavor societies, and interest
la likely to be awakend upon the subject
to a very wide extent. Will you please do
me the favor, either personally or as a
society, to request your pastor to preach
updh this theme or some of its phases,
and also to make special arrangements
to present an attractive programme at
your Endeavor meeting in consideration
of this subject?
In order that I may know what is be
ing done throughout the State to ac
complish a better observance of our
Lord's day, will you please inform me by
postal card of all meetings you have held
since last June to consider Sabbath re
form, and also of the number and char
acter of the meetings held in your church
on March 6, including sermons, Sunday
school sessions and Endeavor meetings?
Prompt attention to this will greatly
oblige.
New Officers Nominated.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The following
named persons have been regularly nom
inated for officers of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union. The election
will take place at the annual convention,
to be held in the Union-Street Presby
terian Church Friday evening, March 11:
John C, Suhr, First Methodist, president;
Dr. W. R. Hughes, Alameda, vice-presi
dent; Miss Frances Gribble, Sunshine So
ciety, recording secretary; Miss M. Lulu
liuwfin, First Baptist, corresponding sec
retary; Dr. Ray Gilson, First Presbyte
rian, treasurer; Mrs. Lillian Baxley, jun
ior superintendent; Miss Alice Wythe, as
sistant.
Mystery Surrounds the Golden Gate.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The little schooner
Golden Gate did not sail to-day for the
Klondike as she expected, but is still
moored at the Webster-street wharf in
this city. M. Jorgensen is her captain,
and declares that he knows none of the
passengers nor the point to which they
are bound. He admits that it will sail
under the direction of the Old Domirfion
Mining and Exploration Company, com
posed of eighteen men. Herbert Kendal
is said to be the only Oaklander In the
expedition. The schooner is of but 97
tons burden and is sunk low into the
water from the weight of her freight.
She will sail Ihursday or Friday if all
goes well.
Unitarians' Annual Meeting.
OAKLAND. Feb. 22.— The regular, an
nual meeting of the Lnitarian church was
held last evening, and the following were
elected trustees: Colonel John P. Irish,
Francis P. Cutting, Judge Samuel P.
Hall, Warren Olney, John A. Bliss, Alfred
W. Burrell. Edward A. Kluegel, A. K. P.
Harmon, Hugh Hamilton, .urs. C. A.
Redington and Mrs. W. G. Tripp. The
usual social gathering followed, during
which a telegram of congratulations and
good wtll was sent to Rev. W. w endte
at Los Angeles, the former pastor.
Legislature Must Act.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.-The committee of
the Board of Education, appointed to in
vestigate the possibility of avoiding the
necessity of teachers and other employes
of the department discounting their sal
ary warrants reported last evening. The
report shows that only by an act of the
Legislature can this be avoided. The
teachers begin work In July, while the in
come from county and State taxes Is not
available until December and January re
spectively. Hence they have to hold or
discount their warrants.
AGAINST CIVIL SEBVICE.
Patriotic Heunion Where the Meas
ure Is Denounced.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The joint meeting
of the Army and Navy Republican
League and the Anti-Civil Service Repub
lican League was largely attended to
night and a great deal of enthusiasm
manifested. Judge Fred Adams presided.
W. H. Schooler was the first speaker and
declared in forcible language that the
Republican party did not stand for civil
service. In referring to local politics he
said: "The trouble with the Republicans
of Alameda County they fight among
themselves. Stand together as the Demo
crats do and compel every man you elect
to put a Republican in office under him."
Alfred Wilkie was heartily applauded
for his rendering of "The Sword of Bun
ker Hill." He was followed by the Temple
Quartet, Samuel Shortridge afterward
making a stirring address. Miss Mary A.
Morse sang "Star Spangled Banner,"
after which resolutions condemning the
civil service rules and calling upon the
Senator and the Representative in Con
gress from this district to vote accord
ingly;- expressing sorrow for the loss of
the Maine and asking Congress to provide
for the relatives of the lost, and indorsing
George H. Hoguet for the position of
Pension Commissioner were passed.
No Property Offered.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The time for re
ceiving proposals for a site for a city
hall expired last evening and not a propo
sition was received. It was generally ex
pected the owners and real estate men
would flood the city clerk with proposi
tions, but for some unknown reasons none
was made. a
Berkeley Landmark Destroyed.
BERKELEY, Feb. 22.— Fire this morn
ing destroyed a building on University
avenue, opposite the Town Wall, belong
ing to J. Casey. "Casey's," as the place
was known, was a resort popular and
patronized in the days before the mile
limit law was vigorously enforced. The
genial host kept a number of goats in his
back yard, and "goat's milk" was dis
pensed over the bar to thirsty Berke
leyans. The place has been unoccupied
for some time and nobody seems to know
how the fire started this morning. When
the firemen arrived no water cou*d be ob
tained and the old landmark was totally
destroyed.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 22.— The Berkeley
High School defeated the Dental College
of the university this afternoon in a
practice baseball game on the university
campus by a score of 18 to 17. Dickson,
Spencer, McNulty, Riggs, Nutting, Mi
ghell, Baird, Cavin and McKeown com
posed the Berkeley team. The dental
nine consisted of Austin, Cummings, J.
Hoag, Scott, Blackburn, Baxter, Hender
son, Morgan and Custer.
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the his
tory department of the university will
deliver a lecture to-morrow afternoon in
North Hall on "David as a Poet." The
lecture is one of a series to be given by
members of the faculty on Old Testament
history, under the auspices of the college
Y. W. C. A.
The change in the recitation hours at
the university will go into effect to-mor
row morning. By the new schedule reci
tations begin at 8:30 a. m. and end at 6:30
p. m. The interval between recitation
periods is increased from five to ten
minutes.
Tools Poison by Mistake.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— Mrs. Martin Pet
ronek of 231G Santa Clara avenue had a
narrow escape from death last evening
about 6:30 o'clock. She had been ill and
was feeling somewhat weak. Thinking
that a little stimulant would do her good
she went to a cupboard where a bottle of
whisky is kept. It was dark and she
could not see the bottle. Nevertheless
she took quite a drink from it. She had
no sooner swallowed the liquid than she
found she had made a mistake and had
taken a big mouthfull of carbolic acid.
Dr. Sander was summoned immediately
and by administering antidotes managed
to save her life, though her throat was
painfully burned by the acid, and she
will be ill for some time.
Football Game.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— The game of foot
ball between the Vampires of this city
and the Oakland Recreation team in this
city this afternoon did not turn out to
be so interesting as was expected. Three
of the Alameda team's best men were
absent and as a consequence the Oakland
team had things pretty much their own
way. The result was a victory for the
last-named team by a score of 3 to 0.
Wood for Sale.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— At the meeting of
the Board of City Trustees last evening
it was reported that the wood from the
trees in front of the Cohen property on
Buena Vista and Versailles avenues had
been taken to the corporation yard. There
are about 150 cords of it and the clerk
was directed to advertise it lor sale, it
was some of this wood that caused the
arrest of Do^aM fit" 1 ". b" having tried
to carry it off while the street employes
were cutting it down. No further steps
have been taken by the Cohens to recover
possession of the wood as yet.
Water Rates.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— At the meeting of
the Board of Trustees last evening an
ordinance was introduced establishing the
water rates at the same figure for this
year as for last. It was decided to hold
a special meeting on Monday evening
next when the ordinance will come up for
passage. ______________
WAS A BATTING EXHIBITION.
Will & Fincks Win From the Bueh
nell Alerts by Superior Stick
Work.
Yesterday's game between the Will &
Fincks and the Bushnell Alerts was a
batting exhibition from start to finish, in
which the former team had a shade the
better. Both pitchers were hammered all
over the lot, but the Alerts suffered
through poor fielding. Shea was taken
off first and put in the box and Mob
kimon was moved over to short. That
the maneuver was faulty was seen early
in the game, as Mosklmon Could not play
the important position nor could . Shea
P Knell's work in the bos is showing con
stant improvement and it looks as if the
veteran will continue for a great many
moons Foulter, the new find in ball
circles proved a valuable man to the Will
& Fincks. He bats well and plays a good
all-round game.
Following is the score-
Will & rinckß— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mertes 2b.. ........ 5 2 1 0 2 1 1
Smith? 5f5... ........ 4 2 110
Hlldebrandt. c. t.... 2 3 Q 1 3 0 0
Poulter, 1 b......... 4 4 3 1 8 11
mi en rf 4 : 13 13 0 0
Mutfer 1. f..'.. •••••• 4 0 0 0 10 0
Johnson, 3 4 , 0 1112 0
0 ,, < ft* ...••••••••3-1 0 0 7 1 0
5.^:::::::.......j» _o _° 2 1 1 1
Total 34 13 9 5 27 14 4
Bushneli Alerts- AB. R. BH. SB. Pp. A. E.
Hearty, c. t.. ........ 5 110 2 0 0
Hammond. 1b....... 5 1115 0 1
Hurdle, rf......... 5 1 .2 0 100
Webber, 2 b 5 1.3 0 3 4 2
, r , v 1 f...... 5 12 13 0 0
MoskWan. i. s 4 .0 0 0 10 3
Paean c... 6 0 0. 0 4 4 0
Br a 0 ckh0ff.3b........4 2 2 2 3 1.0
Shea, p.. ....•• "_ _ _ _ _ — J.
Totals.... i>.:«<" 8 .12 424 12 7
RUNS BY INNINGS. .
l^^ s :::::::::i "o I ! I °o°o lz l l
, SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Bushnell Alerts, 3. Two-base
Hearty, Hardie, Croll, Poulter. Webber.
First base on errors— Will & Fincks, 5: Bush
nell Alerts, 4. First base on called balls— Will
& Fincks, 6; Bushnell Alerts, 1. Left on bases-
Will & Fincks. 5. Bushnell Alerts, ; 8. Struck
out-By Knell, 5; by Shea. 2. Hit by Pitcher-
Smith " Double . Webber , to - Hammond,
Passed balls— Eagan, 2: Scott, 1. Wild pitches—
Phea 2. Time of game— l:3s. : Umpire—McDon
ald. 'Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
DRUGGED AND xtOBBED.
Peculiar Story Told by William
Maloney, a Paralytic.
"William Maloney was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance from
his brother's house, 410% Seventh street,
yesterday afternoon. He was In a very
(' The Rosy Freshness
And a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
riably obtained by tboM who ue Pouoxi'»
Complexion Powder.
feeble condition and told a peculiar story
of being drugged and robbed.
Maloney has been for years suffering
from the effects of a paralytic stroke.
Saturday, February 12, he says while
down town he met a ±riend, Billy Cur
ran, and they went to a saloon on Pine
and Dupont streets, where they met Dan
Crowley and a woman whom he knew
only as Annie. They had two or three
drinks and then ey all went to a lodg
ing-house at 512 Bush street. Maloney
remembers being put to bed, but every
thing is a blank to him "between then
and Tuesday night, when he awakened
and found his vest open and $37 50 miss-
Ing from his inside vest pocket.
He got home somehow, and since then
he has been suffering from the effects of
the drug which he declares was put in
his liquor while in the saloon on Pine
and Dupont streets. He was sent to «he
City and County Hospital and Detective
Jerry Dinan will make an investigation
into the story of being drugged and rob
bed. His brother called at police head
quarters and was advised to swear out
warrants for the arrest of the people sus
pected of robbing his brother, and he
said he would do so this morning.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR- — —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
. * ; & HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, care, gentle." BrUUhiledicalJourna'
CAUTION: Bee that the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm.
■ Andreas Saxlehner.
X"" 1^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flQClJl''""' KKARXY ST. Established
Hllih' 11 1854 for the treatment of Private
JBimrS'Mlf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■k disease v.-enrlngon lifl. iy at) 1 1 mind and
VOftHnlttf Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
hS3flßßMfln others fall. Try him. Charges low
<'iii-e»RUßranl«*«>il. Callorwrlte.
l>r. J. V. »IBBO.V Bex 1957. 5 an Frauclsco.
OCEAN ! TRAVEL. '
»Hpif||||ff| The S.S. MARIPOSA
[3EfllllE' : " l!s via HONOLULU
[•C" 3 "*ar.,l AUCKLAND for
y~^^—^ SYDNEY, Friday, Feb-
r^MllSn rS^ ZEALANDIA.
GflWlllJllll/ for HONOLULU only,
(Offlß(][iH"" Saturda >' March 12, at
\whij/Ul«j 2 p. m. Special party
' Line to COOLGARDIEy Australia, and CAPE
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
• J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agrents,
..;«: • 114 . Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
- Steamers .■ leave Broadway wharf, jms.
San Francisco, as follows: . sjsQbX
For ports In Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle; Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Njw Whatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. S. 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter. ; connecting at : Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m., Feb. 13, 19. 25. March 3, 9, 15.
21. 27, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavi-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Feb. 2, 6. 10. 14. 18, 22. 28.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. . •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo,' Mazatlan. Alt*ta. La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia and Giuiymns (Alex.) 10 a. m., ■ March I.
April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter. ■•■ ■■
The company reserves the right to Chan??
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and r>num of nature. * •; ■ : -
' TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
i Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen. Ajrts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From ' Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DP ' c i 2 'First Class Including Berth
TAJIC j 8 econ d Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ■
C01umbia;.. .......... Feb. 26, Mar. 6, 14, 22, 30
State of California....! Mar. 2. 10. 18. 26
•;■*' First Class. Second Class.
St." Paul ;..;. ....$3700 $26 00 ■
Chicago *43 50 $32 50 .
. F. F. CONNOR, General Agent, -
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
French Line to Havre.' ..
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton °t. Travelers <Ljr Kt >N
by this line avoid both transit by ■^"■■■J""
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
■second class 1116. -' :
LA BRETAGNE March 5, 10 a.m.
LA GASCOGNE :... March 12, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE....... ..March 19. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....March 26. 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE.....:. ...... ..April 2, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTTGAZI A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 6
■•-■ p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT REiCBIVKL> Of TO B:IO P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and »l».
ing through freight rates to all points on tas
Valley Railroad. BTEAMERas ,
STEAMERS:
T. C WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MART GARRATT. ■ CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 80S Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
txcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 6p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Aivlso. 50o;
to San Jose. 780. Clay street. Pier L 41 North
rinrt street. San Jo—, ,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ** Monticello"
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February 1, and resume her
route on March 1. • _ HATCH BROS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1897. •
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill .Valley : and San Hafael— »7:2s, •9:30,
11:30 a. m. «1:45. 3:45, «5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra ■ trips for - San ■■ Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. • ■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, *10.00,
•11:30 a. m. ; »1:15, 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run 'to San Quentln. ■'
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
t ions; 1:45 p.* m. Saturdays (mixed train) for.
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. | <
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY C MPANY.
. From September 10. 1897, trains will run a*
follows: . •'..'■ '■■■■;■ '■■-■'■■■ ' ■ V • :.-:»:; .
> Southbound. I I Northbound.
Passen- Mixed, • t - M 'o_«! Mixed Passer*
, ger . Bnnday SWOOM ' Sunday ger
| Dally. • Exc'p'td —— :—: — Exo'p'td >.c Dally
730 a.m. :■ 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 pTmT
8:10 a-m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.tn
10:40 a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J-.93 a.m. 2:20 p. m
11:40 a.m. 1 6:20 p.m. Hanford :4o a.m. 1:15 p.tn* ,
12:16 p.m. : 6:45 p.m. Vlsalla 6:40 a.m. 12-.4U p.tn ■
; Stopping at Intermediate po lnta wnen required
t Connections— At : Stockton -. with steamboats of "
C. N. & I. Co., .- leaving • San Francisco ; and
Stockton at * < p. m.- dally; > at - Merced with
stages to and from Snelllnga, Coultervtlle. etc.;
also i with s stage for . Hornltos. s Marlposa. i etc.: J
at Lankersalm with stave to and from Uadera.
AUCTION SALES.
EMIL COH N, GENERAL AUCTIONEER. \
Office warerooms, 785 Mission st. ; tel. Clay W.
GROCERIES! GROCERIES!
\\l WILL SELL THIS DAY,
.Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, Feb. 23, 24,
25, 1898, Commencing Each Day at 11 a. m.,
f\T 713 LARKIIN STREET.
$5000 worth of Groceries, Cigars. Tobacco, etc., .
i shipped from Santa Rosa, also Shelving, Coun-
ters, Showcases, Coffee and Tea Caddies,
Scales, etc. For ■ particulars see Chronicle.
Terms cash. EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
GROCERY AUCTION!
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 11 a. m., 334
FOURTH STREET, corner Clara.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MM'TIIKKX 1-ACyPIC IOMPASti
* (PACIFIO MYNTKM.)
i Train* Irnir »■•«! »r«< <•'■<• ><> »rrlT3 at
". • NAN '.riUNCIM^O. ■
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Jaxuuiy 1, 18f8. — ARRIVB
•C:OO \ Niks, San Joao and Way Stations... •»:-I3a>
7:O<>\ i!cnld». Suisun »nd Sacramtnto ... 10:43 a.
?:<)Ua Marysvil:e, OroTiiloand Redding via
Wcodlacd 5:43p
7:00 a VacaTtllo nn.l Rmrsey 8:4
7:30 a Martinez, San linmon.Vallejo. Naps, ' •
- Callstoga and Santa K05a......... 6:1.1^
8i«Oa Atlantic Kxi.resa, Ogilen anil ICast.. S:ISP
H.«:tOA Niles, Sau .losu, Ktockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mftryßville, Chico,
Tehama and Red IJIuIT -.....• 4il»i»
- *8:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale. "7:15r
9iUoa New Orleans ICxiiresn, Merced. Ray-
mond, I'reßiiii, DakerslicM. Santa ■
llaihur.i. l,os Angeles, Dcmiiig,
El l'aso, New Orleans and Kast. 6t4»p
»:OOa Vallcjo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12:15f
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Stoikiners "OjOOp
l:OOr Nilca, San Jose and Way Stations.. t«iia.v
Martinez and Way Stations ..' 7:43p
SiOOp Livermore, Mecdota, Ilanford and
Viaalia ' 4: 1 5- .»
LiTenncre, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI0«13\
4>aor Martinez:, Man lUmon, Vnllojo,
Napa, (^alifitoga, l*.l VtT.uni and
Santa Kosa ■•!**
4 i«€>r Benlcia, Vacaville, Woodland,
2 ,• Knights Landing, Marysvllle, Oro-
Tille and Sncrniiiento | 10:45*
4ißop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilSp
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Kerenda,
Fresno. Mcjavo (for nar,<l3biirg),
Santa Barbara and l,oa Angeles.. 7i4.1a
4i:i»F Santa l'"<> Kcuto, Allautic ICxiiress
for Mojnvo and Knst. 0«43p
Hs:3«p " Snnsef. Limited." Los Angeles, El
l'aso, Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
■' Louis, Chicago and East {10:13 a
TOt3op " Sucset Limited Annex," £1 Paso.
- New Orleans and Eatt JIO: I 3a
OiOOi- Kuroponii Mail, Og<ltMi and Kast.... 8:43
llnyw.-inlH, Niks and Kan Jose 7:1", v
t«:O»i> Vallejo •.. 17«43p
»:<»Oi- Oregon Kxprwui.f-iucriimento, Marys-
vllle, KfiMint', Portland, l'uget
■ Sound and Dost .". 8i1«A
. SAN LKAMUiK AM) lIAYWAItOS LOYAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*O:OOa 1 . 7 7Ti"ba
8iO«a Melrose, SemJimrr Park, <*0:43 a
9:00 a FHcl.birg.Elml.urst, IO:J3A
lO.OOv Kitiliburg, Klmliurut, IIrKU
ill:OOA * San I.funilro. soul li San l£:«»r
» l2 ? 00M te , ndro , Estudlllo, |i;t!|*
isVoop . Lorenzo, Cherry .< «i 54 2
4:00p . . 15i45r
■ OtOUp U • ' »no • i OtlSp
O»aop , llayward.. i J'«'
- 7:«0p J ! ■ 8:43p
' •'" •iOOp < Rnn» through to Nile*. ' iSIfSS ■
ni 9:00P p^F rom NUes. [
COAST mVIsION (Narrow «Jau«c).
'"•'■•" (Foot of Market Street.)
' »«lOa Newark, l.'entei-vilUi.Hiiii. lose, Felton,
■ i * Moulder Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations Oi»«»
•■ilSp Newark, CenterTille, Sau .lose, Now
Ahnnden, Felton, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
; Stations M •«»•«:
'-' 4:1.1 1- Newark, Hah Jose and Los Gatos . . . 0:80 »
tllt4SpUunten' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations 17:90?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIN rRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 13:03
•4:00 . J6:00 *6:00 p.m.
From 01IUKD— Fool of Broadway.— 'C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
.. tl2:00 "1:00 . t2:00 *3:00 tl:QO •3:Qgf.M>
CUAS't' DIVISION (Urondliaage).
' (Third and Townaend St 3.)
•tSSA. Sail Joso «n«l Way Stations (New
■' S Alraaden Wednesdays only) oi33Ai
I BiOOa Shi! .Tom-. Ties Piuos, Sunta CriiJ!,
PacllioCJrove. l'aso 1 tobies. San
1.u1.t Obisito, Ciuadalupe, Surf and
Princliial Way Stations..... 4:15*
j IO:4Oa Ban .lose nn.l Way .Stations...: *8:OOa
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations. 8:33*
*2i3«pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, . Santa Cruz, Salinas,
•' Monterey and Pncilio (irove # lOs4OA
•Xil3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »9:«Oa
•4i1.1l- San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:3Or
3:30r San Jose and Principal W ay Stations 3:30p
■ O::iOi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:20r
1ll:43p Sail Jose and Way Stations 7:aop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I • Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, i Saturdays oulf ,
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only-
? Mondays and Thursdays. ,
_ | Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. '
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:85.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
and 11:30 p. m. /
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:JB.
6.00, 6:20 p. m. /
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, :20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. /
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:115 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. , {
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above. ■
Leave . . lr , „<»„-» Arrive
San Francisco. , <>tT W. San Fran clBCo.
Week 1 Sun- noß^Sltion Sun ' 1 Wee*
Days. I daya. Semination day* I days.
7:80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 1 Novato, 111 10 :40a.m.) B :4oa. nx.
! 8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, | 6:10 p.m. ■ 10:25 a.m.
5:10 p.m. '5 :00p.m. 1 Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m.! 6:82 p.m.
Fulton.
7 :30 a.m. • Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lytton. »
- - Geyserville,
3:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. (1:23 p.m.
'■ p"~ ] Hopland and I ~*
7 :30a.m. 1 8 00a.m. 1 Uklah. : 1 7:35 p.m. 6 :22 p.m.
7 :3Ua-m. • . 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:85 p.m.
8 :Sop.m. i I • 6:22 p.m.
.7 :80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7:80a.m.)8:00a.m.) baß tc.DoL |10:40a.m.|10:25a.nu
B:3op.m.|sKX)p.m.| beoaatcpoi [ 7:BSp . m-| 7;22p.m.
• Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the. Geysers; at Hopland foe
Highland Springs. Kelseyville,. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah foe
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
I Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottee
> Valley, John Day's, Riverside,' Llerley*s, Buck*
i nells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonvtlle,
Orr's Hot ■ Springs, Mendocino ■ City, Fort
! Bragg, Westport, Usal. ". .
•- Saturday' to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates.
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to . all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees— Market street, Chronlcli
building. . ' ■
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
i^.muw^L^gai 1 CALIFORNIA
MM LIMITED.
HRjSSIfiS I FRANCISCO
HMHIEeEIiwIi to
!~"--"™!!l CHICAGO,
. . Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.". :■-■■'.."'•
..■ MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
• Carries first-class passengers only, but w!th«
out extra . charge. . • : . . :
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace ■ Drawing-Room Sleepers,
SV4 days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
■ ' Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping (Jars on
' fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. .
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
' Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
ttreet. Chronicle *- building, Telephone Malo
, 1520. - Oakland office. 1118 - Broad way. Sarra«
tnento office. * 201 J street. San Jose, 7 Weal
, : . Santa Clara street. • ." - ' ; '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILW4I
' . .' ■ . '•: (Via Sausalito Ferry).-
'■■ - Leave' San Francisco, commencing ' Novera*
• ber 13, 1597:. ; -•■-■: \ , •;-- - rj 1 .-'-'-"--'*V'^T- ;
|; Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. no. . ■ «_ .
' Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
\ - Round trip from Mill Valley, H. •« -; -
i .* THOS. » COOK & ; SON, Agents. ■< 621 Marie**
street, San Francisco. - .! :.
1314
DANCING TO THE
BOOKIES' MUSIC
Five Heavily Played Fa
vorites Slaughtered at
Ingleside.
Briar Sweet Turned Up an
Unexpected Winner of
the Oaks.
Dry, Dull Sport Over a Damp Truck.
The Magical Turn Performed
by Senator B!snd.
A big holiday throng attended the
races at Ingleside yesterday and' was
greeted with a card warped out of all .
semblance erf shape and form. The
*port was musty from beginning to
«nd, and little is the wonderment that '
mutterings of legislative interference '
are fluttering through the air. Two
races that had a tinge of class about
them were declared off and in their
Btead were substituted, two ragged af
fairs for "skates." Some of the horses
heavily backed appeared to "blow up"
from spontaneous combustion, while
others relapsed into a feeling of ennui
that was truly refreshing to the "lob
ster merchants." One favorite won
and it was freely circulated about that
It was to be "shooed" in. The most :
disgraceful rendition by any of the
acrobats during the afternoon festivi
ties was that of the Montana horse
Senator Bland, and it goes without ,
saying that if the chestnut son of In
verness ran in the colors of an owner
In debt to some hay and feed merchant
Instead of a wealthy man, he would
have been nibbling grass on the public
highway last night and his owner, an
exile from the game, could have sought
the Supervisors for relief.
After three numbers had been ren- I
dered, the California Oaks for three- j
year-old fillies over one mile and a fur
long, with a guaranteed value of $2000,
was called. It proved more than a
mild surprise. Torsida. the fast filly
owned by "Daggie" Smith, held an ex
sited place in the betting, but cut a
dismal figure in the running, ultimate- ;
ly bringing up a dusty third. Briar
Sweet, the Jennings entry ridden by
Lonnie Clayton, considered by the
Bmart ones nothing more than a sprin
ter, whistled along out in front and ;
never pressed won in a jog from Nap- j
amax ridden out to the last ounce by \
Thorpe. Recreation, the stable com- j
panion of Xapamax, had speed for a !
few panels when she faded away to
nothing. Tom Griffin's filly Martha II
was a starter with Tod Sloan nn her
back; but Ti>d was never given a
chance to imagine himself a contender.
The big coin though was held in re- !
serve to be wagered on the fifth catas
trophe, the seven furlong run. for
which Senator Bland with Conley up \
•was such a cordial even money chance. \
When the betting began the bookies
drew a long, straight line opposite the
Senator's name and with a big ax drove
a carpet tack into either end. They got |
the coin- in chunks and bundles, and j
they kept every dollar of it. He was
afflicted with about as much speed as !
a tattooed tramp rushing the growler, j
The track was heavy, which perhaps j
had something to do with his load. At
any rate, Ostler Joe made the running
until nearing the wire, where Willie
Martin got up with Geyser and beat
him out a neck. Howard Mann, the
"sick one" of the party, found no
trouble in taking the show from Johnny
Campbell's charge. The winner re
ceded in the betting from 8 to 5 to 13 J
Jj 5.
Jack Martin, a member of the Texas
light artillery, strolled away with the
opening seven furlnng run at odds of
10 to 1. Hidden by young Stevens, he
headed Chstles A and Schnitz in the
run home and downed the former horse
a head. Spenor. on Schnitz, waited in
the stretch to set his chronograph, or
he might have :.. i«hed closer up than
third. Nothing much seemed to be ex
pected of the favorite. Benamela, and
no one was disappointed when the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUE-Ingleside Track-98th day of the
Winter Meeting. Tuesday, Feb. 22, 1898. Weather fine. Track heavy.
fiOO FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
IV) Jack Martin. 5 105 3
578 Charles A. a 105 6
615 Schnitz, 6 108 4
819 Benamela, 5 KM; 2
f.14 Gallant. 6 105! 1
614 Silver State, a 1031 5
619 Coupon 111. 4 102] 7
358 All Smoke. 6 106] 8
6 5
5 ft
1 <&
3 r.s
7 114
2%
4 ns
5 -
4 n
2 Vi
1 h
3 h
7 4
r, 2
« Vi
8
3 3
1 2
2 h
6 1
7 4
C 1
4 n
8
2 I>4
1 H
3 I>4
4%
C 2
7 3
5 n
8
1 h
2 7
3 2
4 h
5 6
6 4
7 6
8 .
: Donald '".'.'.
■encer
lorpe
6 8
15 15
3 13-5
6-5 7-5
3 8
15 15
10 12
SO 25
■nicy
•ay
Jones
Dimes
Time, 1:32%. Winner, W. McLemore's b. g. by George Klnney-Princess. Good start
Won first three driving.
/»OO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
:' St.
Mm.
inuex. nursea. >\ t'lEUi. tea.
571 Hermoso '.12 4
(632) Georjre Lee 10S 2
(621) Dr. Bernays 101 1
€13 Aille Belle 107 3
£70 The Dipper 112 9
C 24 The Ace 109' 6
f.45 Plan 109 S
E!*2 El Moro 112 7
620 Al Koran 112| 5
,4111.
1 2
7 1
I «
3 113
6 4
8 4
5 h
1 5
6 1
4 T
2 »
7 h
3%
9 ■
8 2>4
5 h
sir.
18
6 3
3 n
2 l>/4
1 2
4 3
9
8 2
6 Vj
r in.
1 5
2 ns
3 S
4 h
& 3
6 8
7 2
8 1%
9
Molntyre
|W. Martin ..
H. Martin ...
Jones
6 8
8-5 11-5
4 7-2
8 10
20 30
6 8
4 9-2
40 50
8 10
|Gray
Clayton
Conley
H. Brown ...
Spencer
Time. l:l7><i. Winner, J. A. Gray's b. c. by imp. Sir Modred-Fidellty. Good start.
Won easily.
/>O_^ THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index". "Horses. Weight. St. Vim. H-m. %m. Stn Fin. I Jockeys. iojT CX
60S Pat Murphy. 6 109! 1 14^ IE 18 110 120 ISpencer ~~3 3
617 Foremost. 6 10ft 4 3 4 3V4 43^ 4 4 2ns IConley 4 7.0
617 Stentor, 4 KMj t 2 1 2 3 2 6 2 3/4 3 H. Martin ... 3-5 1
&1S Cliarlomapne, 4 10S 2 5 41 Zhi 3n 48 Weaver 15 8
tarllng. .i W7 5 ___4_h _5 5 5 5 |Powell j3O 50
Time. 1:47 Winner. Atkin & Ixrttrldge's m. g. by imp. Kyrle Daly-Magyle R. Good
start. Won easily.
tin ...
3
4
3-5
15
30
3
7-2
1
8
50
OQK FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth mtles; three-year-old fillies; the California
DOt>« Oaks; value. ?2<Wi.
Tnd?x Uoraea Weight St. Std. Vim. Km. \m. Btr~. FlnT ] Jockeys". i6pT~Cf.
<543) Briar Sweet 117| 5 1% In In 12H 1 lVfc 1 SV4 Clayton « g
3Sfi Napamnx 117 fi 4h 4n »3 ns 2h 22 23 Thorpe 2 11-5
(G9B) Torstda 112 I SI f. h 5*4 41% 4 2 82 H. Martin ... 7-6 6-f.
■SI Bonlto l'fi 3 32 3% 41 3 2V4 3 % 47 IConley 15 10
403 Martha II 117 2 2^6 6 53 56 640 IT. Sloan 4 fi
... Recreation 112 1 6_ l_% 21% _t 6 6 |W. Martin .. • •
• .upled with Napamax.
Time. 1:38%. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. f. by Imp. Sir Modred-Sweet Brier.
Good Ft art. Won easily.
iayion
tiorpe
. Martin ...
the California
« 8
2 11-5
7-6 6-r.
15 10
4 fi
• •
snley
Sloan
'. Martin ..
|£Q(£ FIFTH RACK— furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. »4m. V4m. %m. .. Str.- Fin. I Jockeys. _ Op.
(541) Geyser, 4..... 112) I 3^32 2n 2 2 In I W." Martin 8-E
605 Ostler Joe. 5.:.. ....115 1 In 11% 1 2 11 2 5 |Thorpe .....j. ... 4
COS Howard Mann, 5.. .115 2 4 4 4v- -4 . - 36 Ppencer ...... 1C
(612) Senator Bland, 5... 115 3 2 1 2 1 31% 3h J_ 4 IConley ....... 1
■ Time, 1:30. ' Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Ben All-Hot Spring* Good start
first three driving. -- .. ■ -.'. , ... -,{
£i t \'7 • SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, )
2 2 In
11 2 5
4 3 6
3 h ♦' 4
|W. Martin ..
Thorpe
Ppencer
8-5 13-5
4 4
10 S
1 1
>. a.
5 13-5
4 4
0 8
1 1
Won
$350.
Conley
; selling:
; purse, $350.
" Index. Hnrses. . Weipht.lSl. . - m - %m. %m. Str. : Fin. Jockey*. Op.-. Cl"
" 519 ■ Refugee. 5. ....IU[A ' 14 ' 16 17 14 . is H. Brown ... 2 8-3
(585) Red Olcnn, a lin 8 ft 1H 5n 4 3V4 44 27 Gray .......... 10 -ft
r.nt Lena. {...'. •..«03, i 2 2»i 2 1 In 2li . 31% F-. Jones ..... 8 S
M.i 1 ton Fulanp, a......m: <■• 3h 3 2 3 3 th 410 ISpencer ...... 7 7
635 amain. 5...., 110 1 '-4 ns.. 62H 6 3 6 3Vi 6H Conley .... ~. 5-2 13-5
(6Jf,) Amelia Fonso. 5.. ..106! I :63 4na En 6h -; 64 ,H. Martin ... 8 «
... HunTbug. 1;^-;^^;^ 1021 7 7 7 7 7 - 7 -' Stevens ....:. 30 30
Time, tr.n%. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'» b. g: by Exile-Bracken. Good start. Won pull-
Iflg up.
\\
'rim.
Brown . . .
•y
Jones
neer
2
10
8
7
5-2
S
30
8-5
15
8
7
13-5
«
30
iley
Martin ...
yens
brown horse brought up In fourth
: place.
The substituted second race was a
six furlong run, whi^h was taken by |
Hermosa, a 10 to 1 shot, ridden by Mr-
Imyre. The outsider won from the j
jump, and won pulling up from George :
Lee. the favorite.
The mile selling event that followed
! was another farcical affair. Stentor,
with "Skeets 1 * Martin in the saddle, ,
was made a warm even money chance
and had no speed whatever. Pat Mur
phy made all the running and passed
the wire eased up. twenty lengths I
ahead of Foremost, with the first
choice third.
Last on the programme came the .
Refugee race. The ring was flooded
nith money to bet on his chances, and ;
everything went according to schedule.
The V.id sprinter, with his baseball bat
' underpinning, was allowed to make his
own pace, and finished pulled up. five |
lengths in front of Red Glenn. His was ;
the one lonely win of a favorite, and :
he had the sympathy of those behind j
I him.
Track Notes.
Judge Murphy made the following rulings
last night: Midlan's suspension was made
thirty days from the date of the last race.
Claw-son was ordered back, to Atkins & Lott- ;
ridge.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Seven-sixteenths of a mile; two
year-olds.
... Lobos -....118 ... Primavera 115
MOSirUrlan 107 622 Royal Fan .....110
626 Reina de Cuba.ll6 ! 610 La Farasseuse. .ll3
... Vlllmar IIS ... Obsidian 118
... Native Son ....115 ■•■ Engia 115
6G6 Complimentary U5 616 Bly ■■•■•■••• .1U
478 Racine Murphy.lls 1 591 Master Buck ..110
... San Laredo IIS!
Second Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
(557) George Miller ..111 I ••• Scarf pin — — 101
(632) Jack Martin ....106 630 King. William ..JW
<549)Caliente ..■> 109 357 Miss Lynah ....104 I
615 Durward 103 1
Third — One mile; handicap.
537 Torslda 1051 627 Mainstay 98
621 Lincoln II 102 624 Ed Gartland 11. 93
(624)Fonsovannah ..107 1 611 Imp. Devil's D.. 92
462 Souffle 100 1 (631) Blarney Stone.. 90
Fourth Race— Steeplechase; short course; sell
ing. . ... .;. -...^
551 Gov. Budd 139 49? Reno 150
<.">34)Mestor 150 551 Monlta 135 i
534 Silverado 153 62S Presidio 130
352 Three Forks . . .135 i 534 Esperance 135 !
(49S)Ld Chesterfield. 129 : .- ..•;,-.
Fifth Race— mile; selling; two-year-olds. '
626 Foiey 103 i ... La Juanlta .....106
(6:6)Fnnnero 112 548 Ach ..; 112
620 Odd Eyes 103 626 Don't Tell 106
Sixth Race— One mile;- selling. ;
565 Kaiser Ludwlg.lo9 Gil Rey del Tierra.lo9 :
(630) Fashion Plate.. lo4 637 Lena ...101
630 Veragua 117 594 Pleasanton 106
46S Veloz 106 (512)Sonlro ....'. ..106
540 Joe Ullman ....110! 619 Parthemax .....111
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— No selections.
Second Race— George Miller, Miss Lynah,
Caliente.
Third Race— lmp. Devil's Dream, Souffle,
Fcnsovannah.
Fourth Race— Lord Chesterfield, Silverado,
Mestor. . [,;: V-\~T..Y
Fifth Race— Formera, Odd Eyes, La Juanlta.
Sixth Race— Rey del Tierra. Parthemax.
Fashion Plate. '.
CLOSED THE
TRACK OFFICE.
The Western Union Company Has
Withdrawn the Ingleside
Service.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
has closed its office at the Ingleside
track. The managers of the track wanted
the company to discriminate in the serv
ice given, and the telegraph officials
promptly refused to do so. The fact that
the track officials wanted to prevent any
news being sent out from there has
caused many expressions of dissatisfac
tion. There was no good reason ad
vanced why, if everything was conducted
fairly, the news should not be sent out
after each race. The track people wanted
to shut off all service except to the East. '■
and the telegraph company refused to en
ter into any such agreement. The West- :
err. I'nion took the stand that it could not
discriminate between race service and
private messages. The company was per- .
fectly willing to man an office at Ingle
aide "track so long as it could transmit
all the business offered. When it was
suggested that the company only handle
Eastern service and not the local the j
company decided to retire, in justice to
all concerned.
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordln's Sanitarium. 514 PI n<\ nr.Ke:irny,S.F.,Cal.
Professor Jordan to Lecture.
A lecture will be delivered at the Tem
ple, 117 Turk street, this evening by Pro
fessor David Starr Jordan on "Evolution.
What It Is and What It Is Not." The
lecture is under the auspices of Liberty
Branch, Socialist Labor party.
A Sovereign Remedy .
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure, 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails: 25c; all druggists. •
The Old Friends.
This evening the Old Friends will pub
licly install their officers for the current
term in their hall at 14 Third street. The
caremony will be followed by a jinks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
HOT BATTLE
OF BALLOTS
Mercantile Library Elec
tion Is Set for
To-Morrow.
Lively Times Expected Through
the Agency of an Oppo
sition Ticket.
A Vigorous and Spicy Campaign
Document Issued by the
Opposing Hosts. «
It is evident that the peculiar variety
of time widely advertised for "the old
town to-night" is in store for those
who are to participate in the special
election to be held to-morrow for
the selection of officers for the Mercan
tile Library.
Owing to several palpably irregular
features in the annual election recent
ly held the board of trustees has de
clared that election null and void and
has ordered a special election on the
day mentioned.
The polls will be open from 9 a. m.
until 6 p. m. and from 7 until 8 p. m.
Besides the "regular" ticket, com
posed principally of officers seeking re
election, there is a very lively "oppo
sition" ticket in the field, and this is
the element which promises to supply
the vinegar and spice for the cam
paign. The "opposition" ticket is com
posed as follows: President, Edward E.
Perley; vice - president, Charles G.
Hooker; treasurer, T. R. Bannerman;
recording secretary, Captain E. Dan
iel; corresponding secretary. Miss
Frances Hodgkinson; trustees— James
Wightman, Alfred Bouvier, Julius
Kahn A. E. Kellogg, George H. Ca
baniss. William Himmelsbach. F. P.
Deering, Miss Agnes M. Manning and
Miss Rose C. Galiagher.
The •opposition" forces have issued,
for the consideration of the library
members, an appeal for the support of
their ticket, which is rather spicy. Af
ter animadverting upon the negligence ;
and ignorance of the old board of trus
tees, as indicated by the mismanage
ment of the election, which was no
election, the document states:
The committee of members, in renomin
ating a ticket for the coming election '
hereby reiterates its arguments against
the reinstatement to office of certain
members of the present board now candi
dates for vindication and re-election. The
continued absence of the recording secre
tary and others, the unfortunate absence
of the president at Klondike for four ,
months, the recent misappropriation of j
nearly $2000 by the ex-librarian and its
total loss by reason of the board's neg
lect to renew his bond; the selling of li
brary property foV $7500, bought a few
days" afterward by the Standard Oil Com
pany for $15,000 in spite of the alleged de- ;
fectlve title; the unpaid bills for books,
papers, coal, gas and consequent impair
ment of the library's credit; the fact that i
the very minutes of the board's meetings
have been kept on scrap paper, read and
approved in bunches of three meetings at ;
a time and at long intervals inscribed in \
the minute book, tell the tale of negli
gence and mismanagement.
Continuing, the appeal pays a flat
tering tribute to the personnel of the
"opposition" ticket and makes very
specific promises of a business-like ad
ministration of the library's affairs in
the event of that ticket's election, sum
ming up thus:
The opposition ticket is a protest against
the past mismanagement of our splendid
library. Its members are not prompted
by motives of personal animosity nor self
interest. It places no blame upon those
members of the board who have striven
to do their duty under adverse circum
stances. It is an honest attempt to infuse
new life into our organization— to elect of
ficers pledged to the performance of their
duty to the library and to the mainten
ance and upholding* of its credit and finari
cial honor.
MESSENGERS CALL
ON MRS. STANFORD
Boys Feast and Make Merry
at the Big House on the
Hill.
Each Was Presented With a Bible
and a Box of Candy for
Souvenirs.
Mrs Stanford was "at home" to the
messenger boys at her California-street
house yesterday afternoon, between the
hours of 2 and 5. It was not a formal
function. There was no elaborate decor
ation or any of those accessories that
characterize the functions at which the
groat preside.
It was a simple affair, but there was
that delightful bond of fellowship and
hospitality that only the closest sympathy
between hostess and guests can inspire.
The messengers of the four companies—
the Pacific Union, Western Telegraph,
Postal Telegraph and San Francisco
came in squads of seventy-five and spent
as much time as their labors permitted
with the lady who sought to interest and
amuse them.
The boys had their best behavior on,
and were so anxious to put only the
best foot forward that their enjoyment
was of a subdued kind. They only spoke
in whispers and manifested their delight
in the broadest of broad grins. As soon ;
as the boys arrived at the big house on ■
the hill they were ushered into the ball
room, where a feast had been prepared ;
for them. After partaking of all the good ;
things, they made their way to the draw
ing room, "where they were received by
Mrs. Stanford, who thereupon took them
in charge and showed them all the works
of art and many valuable curios with
which the place abounds.
On leaving each boy was presented with
a neatly bound Bible and a box of candy
as souvenirs of the happy occasion. The
boys had arranged it so that all the en
tertaining should not be on one side, and
they entertained their hostess by rousing
choruses and happy solos.
Little Willie Adams, with unusual fore
thought, brought with him a stiff little
bouquet of violets and pansies, which he
presented Mr?. Stanford in a neat speech.
At departure the boys gave three hearty
cheers for the kind hostess.
PUGILISTS IN TRAINING.
Goddard and Jeffries Will Fight in
Los Angeles on Monday Next.
Joe Goddard, the "Harrier" champion,
and Jim Jeffries will box fifteen rounds
before the Los Angeles Athletic Club on
Monday evening, tbe 28th inst.
The Olympic Club has not entered an
objection to Jeffries' fighting before he
fulfills his engagement with Peter Jack
son, as the Olympics are on very friendly
terms with the Los Angeles Athletic Club.
A contest which should attract consid
erable attention will be held this even
ing at the Reliance Athletic Club in Oak
land between Marty McCue and Jimmy
I^awlor.
The clever Australian fighter Tweedie
got his first surprise a few weeks ago at
the Olympic Club when Lawlor put him
to sleep in the second round of their en
gagement. But the local lad will find in
McCue both cleverness and hard punching
Qualities. The boys are booked to fight I
ten rounds and the members of the He- j
| liance Club can safely count upon seeing
one of the best little scraps that has ever ;
: taken place in their gymnasium. The fis
tic appetizer will consist of an eight- ]
round bout between Yank Savage and ',
i Jimmy Riley.
As the contest between Kid Parker and
Fred Muller, which took place in Oakland
recently, did not have a satisfactory end- i
ing owing, it is said, to the rank decision i
! given by Referee Elmer, it is probable ',
! that the Olympic Club of this city will I
offer the fighters inducements to box I
eight rounds as a preliminary to the Jack
son and Jeffries fight, which will take
place next month.
Tommy Ryan is a clever boxer and can
not understand how any man who pre
tends to know anything about the game j
can forget himself so far as to use his
head as a means of self-defense. Last I
; Saturday, when Ryan was boxing with
Baker, the last named pugilist bumped his
gloveless skull into Ryan's mouth, shat
tering two of Ryan's teeth, which were I
extracted on Sunday. The welter-weight
now talks with a lisp, but he says that
the loss of the molars, although disfigur
i ing his mouth somewhat when he yawns,
! does not prevent him from the enjoyment i
; that accrues from a porterhouse steak !
i when properly masticated.
George Dixon, the colored fighter, is cir
! culatlng a report in the East that he was
not accorded a fair show when he fought :
Solly Smith in this city. Smith whipped j
Dixon in good style and desires The Call
to state that if Dixon is anxious for an
; other whipping he can get it any time and
place he names.
FATHER ANDRE VISITS HERE.
He Is a Guest of the Marist Fathers
on Bush Street.
The Rev. Father J. Andree, a secular
priest of the Canadian Church in Minne
apolis, is in this city a guest of the Marist
Fathers at the French Church on Bush
street. He came up from Los Angeles
last week, where he had been to see his
brother, and came up here to spend a few
days.
The Marist Fathers have a branch in
Minneapolis, and it was at their solicita
tion that the reverend gentleman went to
the French presbytery. He is much
pleased with his cordial reception, for ev
erything is being done to make his short
stay a pleasant one.
"Usages of Lent."
Rev. W. H. Moreland will preach at St.
Luke's to-day at 10:30 o'clock on the
"Usages of Lent."
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. *
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'ciock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
330 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until '.' :3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
r* / MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. and 'a. •
Called Meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. J\J\
Third Degree. '.^ *
C. D.BUNKER. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. 44, F. •
and A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. jLJK
Third Degree. 'V>
THEO. FROLICH. Sec.
CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. and A
A. M.— Degree Second THIS EVEN- _^V_
ING. February 23. at 7:30 o'clock. ByJ&jZ
order of the Master. ./^
• H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. and ft
-A. M. — Special Meeting THIBr A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING February O
23, at 7:30 o'clock. Second Degree A^
■- /■ ;;■• THKO..E/ SMITH. Secretary. -'
> LECTURE on Evolution-Professor David
Wh t , dan will lecture on -Evolution-
« hat It Is and What It Is Not." at the So-
ni'v? 2™6?k,A" Jl rk ' THIS 'WEDNES-
Sf S slon E/ree'E /ree ' - Feb. 23. at 8. p. m. Ad-
mission free.
ANNUAL MEjyTIXG-The regular annual j
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office or
the company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
w£k' O TU P DAY ' the lst day of March -
18!*, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
™ « r f-rT4 m ln £' Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. February 26. at 12 clock m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CONFIRMATION of le of Cresta~Ranch^
The Cresta Rancho of 120 acres in San Mateo
County, which has been sold by Public Ad- ,
ministrator Freese to G. C. Caglleri, subject i
to the order of the Probate Court, will come :
up before Judge Slack on Wednesday next
at 10 o clock for confirmation.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
™ y or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 41j Montgomery st., room 6; tei. 5080.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye. ; elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividend No. 78' (fifty
el???. l A e^,. S , l J are) of the OCEANIC STBAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Tuesday, March 1. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. February 23, 1898.
: at 3 o clock p. m. ?■
J E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED- lEMALE.
AMERICAN, also French, also Swedish hotel
cooks, meat and pastry. Ices, creams, dcs- '
sert of all kinds; 2 waitresses, 14 months last i
place, want work, country ; 10 waitresses i
want work in city; also 10 > chambermaids I
want places in the country; 7 laundresses !
want work In country hotels. For particulars
address C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. j
Telephone Grant 185. . .
FIRST-CLASS French maid and seamstress de- !
sires situation; 2 years last, place; or as !
; nurse; best references. MISS CULLEN, 325 ;
! Sutter st. "
NEAT young girl desires situation at house- !
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS |
j CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.. V
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion, or as nurse; best references; city or
across the bay. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
j LADIES'— an Al cook, second girl, nurse,
laundress or housework girl see J. F. CROS-
i ETT -&XO.. 316 Sutter st. ■-
1 NORWEGIAN housegirl , with best city refer-
j ences, good cook, $20 to $25; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St. -
j GERMAN girl, good cook, wants a situation
-in . a private family. Call at 26 Turk st.,
Park Hotel. .:'>".--
•RELIABLE, cook and laundress wishes poet-
,tlon;, tlon; wages $26. Box 1276, Call office. < ' j
RESPECTABLE American , lady with little j
daughter wishes a situation as housekeeper; !
short distance In country no objection. Box !
1276. Call office. -,
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a place to do
light : housework :or working v housekeeper;
;,. references; Oakland or ; Alameda . preferred, '
j . Call 912 Howard st. . '
GERMAN, experienced cook.' wants a position;
• city or country." 9 Howard court, bet.? Fourth -
and Fifth, on Howard st. - :'i:-
YOUNG ; girl of - good family, ; with : some ex- |
perience, as store girl, wishes 'a situation In ;
a bakery or. do light housework " good treat- !
ment preferred to high wages. ~. Address box i
1280, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to do plain ' cooking and !
housework by neat. elderly ' Protestant '■
woman. Address MRS. RODERTS, -212; Sev-
enth st. ",'.,.,' .■■;,.;-.;-.. •'•:■ /..■■:..'*■-' '■?■■..' ■'-■: ' i
WIDOW; . middle age; understands .: care -< of :
children; good cook and housekeeper; city or
countn-. 1104 Mission ; st.. : room • 32. , :
! GIRL wishes , : position' to do ' general house-
work. : Call 1128 Canal st. / '
ENERGETIC woman wishes \ position where ■
: ' there -is ' a chance to . advance ; must * have
work Immediately. 1817 Everett ; st., Alameda.
WOMAN wishes to do housework by the day;
: good ; laundress, cook and "• housecleaner. ■ 442 !
' . Jessie, st., ' near Sixth. r ' ■ ; '/ - : .
SITUATION wanted by -.' Swedish • girl ■to* do
. housework and ■ cooking; - wages . $lO :to - $15. '■
1137 Folsom st. , ■ -j. ° : . , :>^V
GERMAN ' girl .wants a . position to do general
1 housework in a German family. 436 Jessie si. ;
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
COMPETENT, reliable young woman wishes
work hy the day to do any kind of work. Ad-
dress box 1256, Call office.
i WOMAN wishes situation in family to do up-
i stairs work or take care of invalid lady. Box
1254. Call office.
GOOD cook and second girl for same house,
or would do waiting or chamber work; city
or country; hotel preferred. Box 1232, Call.
SITUATION wanted by good cook for family;
city or country. Call at 677V6 Mission st.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist in
housework. 4 Bond st., oft" Mission, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; good, plain cook: $10 to
$12 month; city or country. 504 Howard st.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do up-
stairs work in a private family. Call at 615
Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by strong girl for general
housework. Call at 1409V4 BuchSman st.
NEAT, respectable, obliging young girl for
light housework; sleep home. Call 2 days,
A. 8., Call Branch Office, 106 Eleventh st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner, with
best references, wants work by the day: $1.
Box 1291. Call Office.
WOMAN with experience, first-class cook,
wishes to run a boarding house. Apply 748
Howard st.
COMPETENT young lady stenographer desires
a position; references. Box 1258, Call office.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation in pri-
vate family to do cooking and a little light
washing. Call 1018% Larkin st.
GERMAN girl wishes to do upstnlrs work and
sewing. 350 Twelfth st,, corner Harrison.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er; is not afraid of work; no objection to
country: first-class references. 150 Cook st.,
near Geary.
WANTED— A place to wash and Iron for Mon-
day and Wednesdays; over 3 years In last
place; best of references. Address MRS. M.
E. JENSEN. 15 Minna st.
YOUNG srirl wishes a situation to do house-
work. 260S Mission St., near Twenty-second.
GERMAN girl wants a position as chamber
maid or entire housework, but prefers cham-
ber work. Call at 1022 Mason st.
FIRST-CLAKS cook (colored) wishes position
in private boarding house or family, or will
ao chamber work. Address 1024 Jackson st.
COLORED woman, exprlenced nurse, fair cook,
wishes situation; do not object to country;
good references. Box 1267, Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes work by
the day; $1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth
St., room 33.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day,
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Please
call or address C. H., 951 Mission St.
REFINED respectable woman wishes a situa-
tion as housekeeper. 632 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG woman desires position to do cham-
berwork or plain sewing. Call or address
569 Mission st., room 7. first floor.
YOUNG woman would like position to do
light housework in good, private family;
no children; wages no object: good home pre-
ferred; city or country. Address 808 Center
St., Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires a position to do cham-
berwork or »<?wtng, or both. Call or address
Sas Tehama St., room 14.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St.. room 1,
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION.* WANTED— MALE.
MINERS, farmers, woodsmen, laborers, team-
sters, milkers, at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S,
108 Geary st. Telephone Grant 185.
CHINESE and Japanese (estaY 20 ye&re) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY * CO., 640 Clay «t.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI. 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 41t', O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 6os.
■ SITUATION wanted around private place;
middle-aged man; understands cars of horses;
good careful driver; can milk and do garden
work; references. A. 8., box 1281, Call.
MAN (young, single) wants situation as gar-
dener (flowers and vegetables), milker, etc.;
can drive and care horses; Al references;
medium wages. Box 1148. Call.
POSITION as foreman, flier or sa # wyer by a
man having experience in California, Ore-
gon and Washington, for circular saw mill;
best of references. Box 1274, Call.
STRONG man of 28 years, who is not afraid of
hard work and has a fair education, wishes
i a place in a commission or wholesale house
I or some similar employment. Box 1269. Call.
YOUNQ man, married, references, would like
work of any kind that would provide a liv-
ing. Box 1283, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in the city by a fireman;
can take charge of an engine; handy with
tools. Address box 1279, Call office.
YOI'NG man who has experience In photog-
raphy and printing business wishes position.
Address »27 Vallejo st.
! YOI'NG man wants job as porter, choreman
or any kind work. Address S"., box 26, Call.
BARTENDER wants situation. I. M., 1300
Turk st., San Francisco.
, SITUATION wanted as bartender; worked 14
years In best houses In Chicago; can lurnish
best of references. Address box 1292, Call.
FIRST-CLASS baker (German), sober and In-
dustrious, wants a situation; city or coun-
try. I. M., 132 Ninth st.
! BUTCHER, young man, would like a position
in the country; a good all round butcher.
• Address H. D. A.. 147 Seventh st.
WANTED — Position as foreman of ranch, or-
chard or vineyard; 10 years' California ex-
perience; strictly flrst-class and thoroughly
versed in all improvements; wife Al cook
and able to run boarding house; references;
Box 1265. Call office.
SITUATION. runner, porter, day or night
clerk in lodging house or hotel, city or coun-
try; city references and cash security. Box
1272. Call.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations
as cooks or work on ranch; reference. Call
[ or address D., 1037 Mission st.
PRINTING— Steady man wants country situa-
tion: news, book or plain jobbing. R. LOCKE,
Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
GARDENER; French; experienced in landscape
and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or address 2221 Post st.
I FIRST-CLASS German gardener wants situa-
tion In city or country: good propagator;
handy with tools; can milk: no intelligence
I office need apply. Address R. T. BAKER.
I 857 Bryant st., city. 8. F.
I BOOKKEEPER— Thorough. experienced ac-
| countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references. Cox 1041, Call office.
; MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
i low interest. I'NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
i WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, different hotels at Fresno. $30,
$25 and J2O; waitress. Santa Cruz. $20; Santa
Cruz Co.. $20; chambermaid. Bakersfield, $20
and free fare; 7 more waitresses for same
hotei, Los Angeles Co., steady work all
summer: S flrst-class hotel chambermaids,
only those who have worked In flrst-class ho-
tels, $20 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN &.
CO.. 108 Geary st.
IRONER for ladles' wear; country hotel; $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
• SECOND girl for Berkeley; must wear a cap;
j $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary St.
I 4 GERMAN cooks. $26: 5 girls for housework,
t'iO; woman to assist In kitchen of restau-
rant. $H>; 10 girls for housework. $15. C. R.
HANSEN St CO., 108 Geary st.
i SCANDINAVIAN houseglrl; no office fee; $20.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 108 Geary St.
PROTESTANT second girl. $20. Berkeley. MISS
i CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
I TWO colored cooks. $25 and $20. MISS CUL-
[ LEN. 325 Butter St.
j COOK, country hotel, $36. MISS CULLEN, 325
| Sutter st.
I NURSE, sleep home, $10 per month. MISS
; CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TWO second girls; $25 and $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
' SECOND girl and seamstress, $25; French sec-
ond girl. $25; French nurse, $20; 12 housework
girls, city and country. $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Bt.
FRENCH chambermaid, $20. MISS CULLEnT
i 32-t Sutter st.
' 1 SECOND girl, Berkeley. $20; second girl, Oak-
land, $20, and a number of sei 'nd girls, city,
at $20 and $25: Scandinavian housekeeper, to
, cook for two men, $15, country; 2 house girls.
Oakland, $25 each; German house girl, city,
$20, two in family; Irish house girl, $25 to 30;
cook, $30; Swedish cook, $25; second girl,
$20; seamstress and waitress, $25; German
nurse, $25; young nurse girl. $15, and a num-
ber of girls and women for city and country,
; MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
I SECOND girlT $25, see lady here" at 11 to-day:
girl for cooking and housework, 3 In family,
$20, see lady here at 11 to-day; 2 German and
French nurses, $20; 4 cooks, German style,
$25; laundress and chambermnld, $25: wait-
ress to take charge, $25; 6 waitresses and i
chambermaids, hotels and restaurant. $20 :
and $5 a week, and a great many girls for i
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT & !
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel. $20, fare paid;
Protestant second girl. $20, references re-
quirfd. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. .___
NEAT woman for a light place in the coun-
try; do a little cooking and keep house for
an old oouple on a ranch, Santa Clara Co.;
$15; see party here. MURRAY & READY.
634 and C3B Clay st.
2 NEAT, experienced waitresses for first-class
restaurant, $15; apply to-day. JOHNSTON
& CO., 872 Broadway. Oakland.
COOK. German, wants situation in restau-
rant- lunch or coffee house: competent and
steady and best of references. 51 Third St.,
room 3. (
OPERATORS on ladies' muslin underwear and
shirt waists. BAUER BROS. & CO., 547 I
Market St.
WOMAN to assist and care for children:
wages $10. 540 California st, between 4 and ;
5 p. m.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework. Ap-
ply 1722 Page st.. bet. Clayton and Cole, bet. j
10 and 12 o'clock.
YOUNG business lady of refinement, unlncum- "
bered, for money-making business. 402 Vi '
Geary st.
GOOD FINISHER on pants at 373 Natoma
street.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on vests; only good
sewer need apply. Room 91, 6 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $6: good home. 1542 Bush st. j
GOOD singer to play piano In mining town;
$35 weekly. Box 1277, Call. j
GIRL — 15 to 16; light housework; no cooking;
German preferred. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general house-
work. Inquire at 720 Fourteenth St., bet.
Church and Sanchez.
GIRL or woman to assist In small family:
good home. IEI6A Vallejo St., nr. Van Ness.
YOUNG girl; good cooking and housework;
small family; $20. 2300 Leavenworth st. ]
WETNURSE wanted at once. Room 88. Alex- .
andria, 781 Sutter st. I
GIRL for light housework. hl~% Grove st.
WANTED— Competent nurse; city references.
Call Wednesday morning at 703 Leavenworth. -\
WANTED— A white girl to do housework. 2218
Webster st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework; '
German preferred. 610 A Octavla st.
LADIES— Agent wanted, canvassing easy-sell-
ing article. D. T., box 1248, Call office.
GIRL for housework. Apply after ■» a. m. at
80S Haight st. -\
APPRENTICE dressmaker; must be neat
sewer. 1408% Polk St.
GIRL to mind baby; wages $7. Apply at 1317 £
Golden Gate aye.
(
AN apprentice to dressmaker. 543 Turk st.
GIRL to assist with children; sleep home; $6. ',
317^ O'Farrell st. *
GIRL for chamberwork, JTS; nursegirl, $15; «
cook and laundress, $25. 721 Ellis st.
GERMAN girl for plain housework: wages $8
to $10; good home; small famfly. 2426 Market. ]
WANTED— Young girl folK light housework. 1532
Jones Bt.
OPERATORS on children's lace caps and hats
BAUER BROS. & CO.. 547 Market st. ,
WANTED— First-class waitress and chamber-
maid; must have city references; wages $25. i
Please apply at 1817 Jackson St., between
Franklin and Gough.
COOK for small restaurant; good home; wages '
small: German preferred. Box 1253, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and '
waists. NEWBAUER BROS.. 18 First St.
GOOD girl for cooking and general housework; I
wages $20. 536 Union st.
GIRL to care for baby and do light house-
work (about 15 or 16). 2830 Twenty-fourth.
j WANTED— GirI for cooking, general house-
work. Apply 2409 Washington st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry I
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 1G Grant ay. ,
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
st.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions *
free; patterns 25e. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post. .
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
6t.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free. .
MAI.K Hi;i,f WA..TKD.
h?)lFeiT"dejpartm'en't" ~~~
Experienced checker for large country hotel,
one who has had a similar position only, $50
to $60 and found.
Storeroom man and meat-cutter. $60.
Bread baker, country hotel. $65.
Second baker, country shop, $35.
Second cook, German hotel, $60.
Second cook, country hotel, $40; dishwasher,
$20.
First, second and dishwasher, country hotel,
$100 to $110.
10 waiters, country hotels, $30 to $35.
Eastern or Europen waiters, city, $35.
Runner and porter for a country hotel, $25.
2 waiters, small hotels, country. $20 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0... 108 Geary st.
WANTED for -a large fruit ranch. 10 farmers
who can plow with two and four horses, $20
and found, steady work: 6 Scandinavian or
German farmers for orchard work, $20 and
found; farmer who can do blacksmithlng, $25;
2 farmers to take a ranch on shares; gard-
ener, near city, $20 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
PETEt PETERSON, the blacksmith, please
call or write; machine lathe hands. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary- st.
100 MEN for the woods to make ties, cross
cutting timber. felHng, chopping, make
shingle bolts and box bolts; woodchoppers
and cithers; long Jobs for Mendocino and
Santa Cruz Counties. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
DERRICK foreman, who thoroughly under-
stands handling and chaining large rock for
a quarry, country, $2 25 a day; see boss here
•C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
2 HOTEL WAITERS
For same country hotel, also a pantryman,
$25 and found ; waiter, country restaurant
$23 and found; 2 waiters, city Jobs, $30 and
$25. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Telephone
Main f,B4S.
COOK and wife, $43. country hotel; cook, plain
hotel, country, $30; cook, city boarding
house. $35; 2 dishwashers, different hotels.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS' HH
Assistant or second hand, fare paid, $30 and
found; solicitor, city dairy. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CITY WORK .
5 laborers. $1 50 day; board home. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and R36 Clay st.
LOOK HERE .
We still want 93 woodchoppers for different
counties. $1 25 and $1 cord: also 72 more tie
makera. 6xB S-foot ties, 9c and 10c each; Mon-
day and yesterday we shipped 65 men, but
want the above number .it once; 6 farm
hands, $25 and $20; choreboy, $10; 2 milkers
$20; 2 pruners, $20; blacksmith for a ranch;
shingle packer: S timber fellers and cross-
cutters. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tele-
phone Main 5548.
MARRIED
Farmer and wife, no objection to 1 child, see
boss here; 25 families to cut cord wood, can
send your children to school. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
BARBER for a country shop, $10 week and
found, for a mining town. MURRAY &
HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man about place, $25: foreman for
small fruit ranch, $25 to $30; milker and
farmer, $26; 10 lahorerß for mlllyard. $1 day
and board; 5 laborers for lumber railroad
$20 and found: woodsmen to make ties, 8c to
10c; 8 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; and others
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — t quartz miners, $3 day; g coal I
miners by contract: 5 timbermen for mine i
$2 50 to $3 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— HoteI waiter, $25; 4 restaurant
waiters, $7 week; pantryman, $7 week; bell-
boy, $10 and found; elevator boy, $10. and I
found; cooks, dishwashers and others. Ad- I
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra- !
mento st.
WANTED— SIiver pantryman for hotel, $25;
pantryman who can make salads, etc., $35;
waiter, nice country place, $25, etc. AN-
DRE'S, 308 Stockton st.
WANTED— Butler for small family, $30; young
man as second butler, $25; butler, $40; waiter
for country place, $25; waiter, city, $30;
broiler, $50; driver for French laundry $20;
boy, $10, etc. ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton St.
2 BUTLERS. $40. MISS CULLEn7mS Sutter
street.
TWENTY machinists; 3 mechanical draughts-
men; boiler makers; ship builders. 1018 Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
: ADVERTISING department manager, $100,
j near city; experienced man only. 1018 Wash-
I lngtonst., Oakland.
ASSIST bookkeeper; traveling publishing
house collector; hotel watchman, near Los
Angeles: man and wife care gentleman s
place. 313 Bush st.
HELP WAV-«2D— Continued.
LACE goods salesman, $12; notion clerk, $12;
house furnishing, $75; charge domestic de-
partment, $15; open at once. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier light,
profitable cash business, permanent ; small in-
vestment fully secured^ Particulars 313 Bush.
1 TWO iron-ship builders; 3 boiler makers; 3
I ship blacksmiths; at once; best wages. 1023
Market st.
MARRIED man with grown family to manage
dairy ranch. Particulars 1C23 Market st.
WANTED— First-class barber; 201 Jones St.;
steady job.
BOY to work in bakery. Apply 2133 FHlmor*
street.
GOOD lunch waiter. 605 Broadway, Overland
restaurant, Oakland.
GOOD strong boy, not under 16, to work In
candy factory. 1160 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS electrician for lamp repair shop;
must be Al mechanic; state experience and
references. Address box 1265, Call office.
CARPENTERS and ordinary seamen for coast
and Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Two first-class tinners. Call
HOLBROOK. MERRILL & STETSON, cor-
ner Market and Beale sts.
PRUNERS for vineyard can find work. In-
quire Pacific Nursery, corner Lombard and
Baker sts.
PARTNER for good wine business; must un-
derstand business. 431 Bush st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— 3 rough carpenters to build bins.
Apply 554 Mission st.
WANTED— Trustworthy persons to travel; sal«
ary $780 and expenses; reference; inclose self«
addressed stamped envelope. THE DOMIN«
lON COMPANY. Chicago.
FIVE men to join a company opening gravel
and quartz mine. Call at 1145 Mission st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become s':oh; must
be of good character and habits aia able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francleco. CaJL
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7ih: tel. Jessie 1164.
PHYSICIAN wanted In first-class country loca-
tion, or will sell drug store to physician: no
other doctor In town: no cut prices on drugs;
price $1000. Address Old Physician, box 30.
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced electric elevator opera-
tors. Apply at once Superintendent, the Em-
porium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^4 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions— so ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation, Washington, D. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third sT. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
ROSED ALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to t\ week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $t
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 863% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25a
to 50c night: $1 to $2 week.
I DRUMM. 225 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c per
night: 50c to $1 fiO per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market b'c., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
j 4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
ENERGETIC lady refined appearance to handle
paylng_businegs. f.29 Clay St.. room 3
PAHTSEnS WANTED.
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish draper
and designer: thorough dressmaker: by the
day. MISS HARWICK. 830 Geary St.
PARTNER wanted— Young man; $150; gooS
chancp. Box 1270. <' n \] nfflcp.
nKMTIKi; WAfTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mis-
sion Et.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
«15 LARK IN— Branch office of The Call: sub-
scitptlons and want ads taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
TO RENT— A furnished boarding house of ho-
tel; country preferred. MRS. P. MONACO,
74S Howard st.
ILATS WANTED-
SINGLE woman would like to take flat with
a couple; no children. Address box 1290. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Good board and room for gentle-
man, wife and young child. Address, giving
full particulars and price. Address box l'SB
Call Office.
WANTED single room, with board preferred^
in the neighborhood of Union and Laguna
Fts. Acldresa <M lMjx j l2S2._this office.
ha.\ti;u-iiisu;i.lim;(hs
WANTED— SmaII cigar-store: good location-
state particulars. Address box 1278, Call.
WM. ML'ND, watchmaker and Jeweler; gold
and silver bought for cash. 226 Ellis st.
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— Old gold~ Oliver] cart-off
clothing bought. Add. COLKMA.v, 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24^PostT~~Book^
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English brancn-
«s; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; lltw grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYKES' Business College. 723 Market stT;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, J5O: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech.. survey, assay, arehit. ; day & eve.:
_est.JB64._VAN JSER NAILLEN. 953 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 856 Market st.
FOR 60 days only we will teach our improved
method of portrait enlarging free. Halloran
Art Bchool. Emma Spreckels building, r. 608.
LATEST method of teaching Spanish: 1 trial
lesson free; can call at resli'ence: references.
Address H. L. GUEYDAN. 526 Shrader st.
LTTDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatlo
Art. 928 Sutter St.
FISK Agency. 825 Market st.— Teachers fur-
nlshed; public; private: governesses; tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
dero; adults, Frl., 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. S:S').
I SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar^
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc. : les-
sons. 25c. Studio. 419 Geary st.. room 18.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 3'J Firth!
I VOir-E culture, piano Pans graduate . French!
SpanlFh: new classes: $2 mo. 10<> Tavlor st.
CARPET CLEAMNG.
CITY Steam Carpet-clie^nrng^WorkT "cleans*
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS Mcr '
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. "
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
_tel^Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaidVt SeT
_JBTRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 2UL
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 ~14tJi
St.; cleaning. 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatinV^Vorks. 333 Gold«
, Gate aye.; telephone East 126.Business chances. ,"
S3.W — Restaurant and chophouse; established
\ ■ many years : l block from Market anil Fourth
; sl«. : average, dally receipts $40; great bar-
; (fain; .investigate at once. WILKE.- 7ft3 Mar-
• ket -• .
A's2o'rt old-established drugstore, with doctor's
. "office, large store and prescription trade;
, :.> manufacturer of 9 specialties . for general
■ : -.ariiß trade; no better chance to step into a
; . i:r.=t-elass ' paying business. Particulars,
• WILKE. 783 Market st. ...
CORNER grocery and bar; established
many years and doing first-class store and
bar business: 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on; low rent: full value in sight; sickness
cause; a sacrifice. WILKE. 753 Market st.
$550— RESTAURANT and chop house; best lo-
cation. apposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
Ing business; meals 20c and above; low rent;
a rare chance and great sacrifice; owner has
to leave for Europe at once. WILKE 783
Market st.
■ A CORNER saloon established many years in
the very choicest location; average dally re-
ceipts about $45: other business engagements
-compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE, 7*3 Mar-
. ket st.
A $3000 AMUSEMENT business In an excel-
lent locality; largest and best equipped of its
kind in this State; has a complete monopoly;
positively clearing from $300 up per month
over and above all expenses; full- value in
eight; thorough investigation allowed. M.
LESS, 765 Market st. - -. 7^
$175— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store In an \
exceedingly busy locality; old-established
business; large stock; 4 nice living rooms and
bath; rent only $16; has fine trade. M. LESS,
7t£ Market st. |
RESTAURANT on the best street In the :
Western Addition; cheap rent; well fitted up; I
has good custom. M. LESS, 765 Market st. I
$450— BUTCHER shop; corner, north' of Market I
St.; receipts $30 to $35 per day; tine place; all I
cash store trade. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$450— CANDY : store' and factory; an excellent
place, on Market st. ; doing a fine paying '■■
trade ; well fitted up. M. LESS, 765 Market. !
\KTNKK wanted In well-paying restau-
rant; principal streets; central; owner tired
of unreliable help; sober man; no. other.
: LESS. 765 Market st.
$450— BAKERY, principal street: baking 2 bar- j
rels dally; mostly store trade; horse and 1
wapon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. 'M. 1
LESS, 7C5. Market st. ...
BAKERY; large oven; store trade $40 $1400
Restaurant; ■ fine" corner .* 900
Candy store; worth $500; price.. ..:... ...V 225
Delicacy store: large trade .-1100
Saloon; fine corner; down town ...'...' 2000
Restaurant; -worth $800; -0n1y...: 175
Grocery and bar;- corner... i ." ..-225
Millinery store in "good country town 700
Apply to H. «'. DECKER, HOD Market st.
$550— Saloon, club rooms and cigars; --fine, fix-
tures; a gold mine. KREDO & Co., 22V4
Geary st.
$s:o— Corner grocery and bar; value In stock;
daily receipts $25. KREDQ & CO., 22% Geary.
$600— Fine saloon; 40 minutes from. city; good
, town ; bonanza. KREDO CO., 22' 2 Geary.
SALOONS— S2SO city, $400 country, $809 coun- j
try. $600 city, $900 city. $1000 Oakland; fine I
.cigar-stand, city. $225. To sell your. business :
quick, call on KREDO & CO., 22»£ Geary st.
STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny st., buy,, sell or
exchange business quick: partner procured.
$150— PARTNER wanted in office and commis-
sion business; will clear $75 per month to
each. See STRAND, 23 Kearny st.
$500"— CORNER grocery and bar; best In city;
rent $20. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in established cash
business: will clear $75 per month to each, '
which, will be proven by trial before you I
buy. PACIFIC BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 995 !
Market st.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 300
A very nice cigar store; good location 300 :
Three good saloons and 3 restaurants for [
sale at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
ARMSTRONG. 906 Market St., buy. sell or ex-
change business quick for cash; partner pro-
cured; cigar store; best- location in city;
$250.
$I'O r.\SH; grocery and bar: forced to sell- In
2 days; big. bargain. Inquire DAVIS & CO.,
wine store, 235 Third st. -. * ■'"', *'
SCO— COFFEE saloon, elegantly furnished, on
Market st, bet. Third and Fourth. Apply
SL'T Mission st. '; . •
SALOON for sale cheap. 113 O'Farrell st.
FOR — Small grocery and bar; living
rooms; low rent. 118 Clementina st. •
SHOE shop complete; tools, patching machine.
Call at 1102 Clay st.
HANI i laundry for sale cheap; country. Ad-
dress box 1285, Call.
GKAXD opportunity for the risht man with
$l.vx>; • immense business, with big, quick
profits; rare chance; "strictest' Investigation
solicited: particulars given on personal inter- |
view. Room 51, 4? Fourth st., San Francisco,
hours from 5:30 to 7 p. m., or F. S. PHIL-
LIPS, Fresno. Cal.
FOR SALE— A complete planing mill plant,
including a 50-horse power boiler and engine,
at very low price. Address. A. F. GILBERT,
Oakdale Lumber Yard, Oakdale, Stanislaus
County, Cal. .■••, • -
GOOD paying business; large stock wines,
syrups, cordials and liquors; horse and wagon
and good outside route; must be sold at once
account sickness. Call 'J to 10 a. m., :>-r.'-.
Fifth st. ■.-.-.: . . :
ONE of the best-paying restaurants in the city;
located on principal street. For particulars
address WML HERRMAN, 620 Washington st. j
BARGAIN, on account of departure; paying '
coal and wood business in running order; j
good location. Bex 1257, Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in country brew- I
cry; one that understands how to make steam '
beer and porter. Box 1234, Call office.
BAKERY, best arranged and finest fitted up In
city; positively a good paying business; owner
retiring. 3025 Sacramento st.
READ this— (Rent free to right party); large
part of basement to let, suitable for employ-
ment office, at 211 Grant aye.
VERY cheap; old established restaurant doing
fair business; going East. 654 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
lace for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
FOR SALE— Cheap; barber shop at 627 Com-
mercial Ft.
$300— PARTNER wanted. light business, $15 to
$20 a week: no experience required: business '
to be enlarged. 9 Geary St., room 2.
FOR Horseshoeing shop; fine location;
cheap rent: tools and stock No. 1; good
chance if sold this week. 701 Greenwich st.
BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap. 249 Fourth.
GROCERY for sale— First-class stock of gro-
. ceries, fixtures, etc.. on premises southwest
corner of Bush and Laguna sts., will be
sold on Wednesday, February 23. at eleven
(11) o'clock a. m. ; Inventory may be seen. at i
this office. CURTIN & BEALS, room 24,
third floor. Mills building. -
A CHANCE for a bright gent or T latfy to buy
interest in the "Wedding Bell" publication; j
$600 and references required. Inquire person- j
ally of R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis St., -city.
1100 — Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
have run it five years; rent $10. Cor. Castro
and Henry sts.
NEWSPAPER routes and general news
. agency; price $3*oo cash: principals only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 124?. Call office. - ■
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta-
tionery, library cigars; cheap for cash. Ad-
dress box 1224, Call. ■ < ' - |
FOR sale— Good store for man and wife; home
' ' bakery: all store trade. Apply Call office;
m> agents. . , .>■: :
SHOESHOP for sale; well established; cheap
rent. 2009 Hyde St., near Union.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap; fine loca-
. tion. Inquire 340 Kearny st.
■ $450— CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny sts. - *•;"» .-..*■
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; nearly all day work;
too much other business; will sell for less
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth !
- and' Howard sts. — ' ' .' ' ' ' ' j
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd. Pat.
Agents; established "1862/ 319, Pine st:. city.
RESTAURANT and oyster-house: fine loca- j
tion ; will be sold cheap. 514 O'Farrcll st.
■ MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
"low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay. i
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a j
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. "-. The American Turf- Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6. S5O Market St.. San Francisco. !
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent: estab- j
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN. j
Livermore, Cat - ;
PORTLAND agency this 'paper. lnqn • • > i\t
office or at. 183 Third St.. Portland. Ore* v j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied frT" ' '<». j
W. CASWELL & CO/8. 415 Sacra ■■ - ( ". ,
C 27 MONTGOMERY St.. branch offU*<
•Call; want nda and subscriptions tak»-n
___ -— — — ! -r- j.. ■—■-'■ j
ATTORNEYS AT LAV. ■
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate,' insolvency, deeds; damages, mort-
• gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
j trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 8V) Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters. Insolvency, collections;. free
advice : open evening*: | McCABE, 1 103 ; Larkln. •
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful'
.W.W. DAVIDSON, 927 "Market st.  .-. . ■]
ALASKA ENTERPRISES^
Klondike — ''' '"■_._— 2—
~zzz.
> Wanted— more men to go to Dawson j
City, leaving here about March 1 in the ■
■ employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco. -.
YOUNG man of experience in gravel mining,
who has good chances in the Klondike coun-
try, wishes to be staked by lady or gentle-
man under a contract for two years to locate,
work or bond mines, water rights timber
Bites, town lots, etc., for half of profits: best
of references. BEANS, box 1264, Call office.
TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments. to go to Klondike as cook and wait-
ress. Address box 1289. Call Office.
FOR sale— Three (3) Scotch collie dogs, suita-
ble for Klondike work. Apply C. KRAMER. I
400 Pacific st. _ . :
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 131 First st.
WANTED— SOO men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both, ways like a crosscut. 17-19
Fremont st. _^
I KLONDIKE rates for a limited
number going by Victoria. Call or write
.'■ : . Third St. ■■'■ --' --
I FOR SALE— big St. Bernard dogs; trained
I for Klondike. . Box 1259,. Call office.
i VESSELS for sale; steam or sail, river or
"an H. G. SHAW. 4 Slitter st.
| KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices; Packed
and delivered to boats.. SBARBORO & CO
wholesale and retail crccers. 531 Washington.
LODGING HOD—S FtOK|SAl.B.*g
i 50 "ROOMS: furnituTereasy payments. .s32oo
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250.,.. 2800
100-room corner; clears $.>00; only., 6000
: $SOO, only $S0O; corner. 26 rooms 800
10 rooms, on McAllister 400
.33 rooms, on Geary (new) ........ aw
15 rooms, on O'Farrell: $250 cash; price.,. 600
• • 4 rooms and bath-. (f1at).... .-••••••• ■•■•■■ 230
"4 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200......... 2000
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient) 1300
30 rooms; clears $250: new furniture 2500
10-room R O O : MING-HO^SE Cl Li |T. °----- **
ROOMING-HOUSE LIST.
9 rooms: rent $40; new, furniture... 600
17 rooms; sunny side; clears $100; 0n1y... 1100
30 rooms; central; 2 fronts:- worth $1200.. 550
25 others from $200 to $10,000, In payments.
HOTEL- LIST. . .. •
Hotel and bakery, near city...... 4500
Hotel in mining town; good bar; clears
$300 100 °
Others in all parts of the country from
$500 to $10,000. '
BOARDING-HOUSE LIST. .
15 rooms; One corner; clears $250 .1500
10 rooms, $350; 65 rooms, $6000; 14 rooms.. 1050
. 15 rooms, on Sutter; fine house '.. 1100
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
Don't miss this: easily worth $1500; 21
rooms; clears $85 a month. • KREDO & CO.
A $500—14 rooms: near City Hall; easily worth
1808; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
$Soo— rooms; well worth $1600; clears $S5; $400
cash; don't miss it. KREDO & CO.
$1500 — 20 rooms; ' best sunny corner; rent re-
duced; clears $175. ■ KREDO & C 0. ,. 22Vi
Geary st.
A. KREDO & -CO., Successful Brokers, 22' i
Geary st. . . ■ *:. j
-7 rooms, clears $25 above rent...., $ 250
"9 rooms, best for the money 250
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 $ 500
15 rooms/corner Market, rents $45 $375
17 roorrs. partly offices, clears $70 ' $650
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
■ prices. Money to loan.
NOTICE— STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st., buy
and sell lodging houses quick for cash.
$450— HOUSE of 20 rooms;' rent $30; clears $60
month. STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st.
WANTED— Tenants for' v 10, 60 and SO- room
houses, at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market St. .
LODOING-HOUSE of '12 nicely furnished
rooms for sale cheap. 340 Third st.
1175— FINE 7-room house, clearing $15 over ex-
penses monthly year round. 402 1 a Geary- _
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
763 Mission St., between Third and Fourth,
San Francisco, with 94 rooms; all new beds;
I on one floor; running full: has cheap rent
and long lease, with privilege of renewing
the same; on an Investment of $2000 for the
year 1597 eighty (SO) per cent per annum has
been realized over all expense*, which can lie
proved, with even better prospects this year:
.Is: for ,sale. on: account of .failing health and
old age of -proprietor.'-. Address as ; above or
Inquire on premises.
BAY-WINDOW house on Sixth • st. ; - 18 rooms;
all rented: extra-good reason for selling; $350.
Apply Call'office.. . •■ ' - .
18 ROOMS; lodging-house; well furnished; bar-
gain. Call at 946. Mission. ;
FOR SALE— A newly furnished flat; centrally
located. Apply box 1237. Call office. . . .
LODGING-HOUSE. 22 nicely furnished rooms,
in a suburban town. 40 minutes from ■' city:
great bargain.." Box 12. Call office,' Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, neatly fur-
nlshed. 432 Ellis St.- . .
FOR .SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale St.
A. PAIR of solitaire diamond earrings, weigh-
ing 2 karats: price was $125, our price now
J $105. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FULL-BLOODED Great Dane dog for sale.
Apply at Call office. ■
A YACHT 23 feet . long. 11 feet beam with
everything complete. Apply at Lee's boat-
house. Long wharf, foot of Fourth st.
YOUNG Holstein milch cow, cheap. Southeast
corner Chestnut and Polk sts.
FRESH milch cow. Inquire at 720 Fourteenth
St.. between Church and Sanchez.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old. $22;
Al Jamaica rum, $16 £5: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
years old, $6 50. 4 year, $7 50; real -6 year.
Pi 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof. 3 year.
$22; 5 year. $24 50: Zlnfandel claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; It pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., C2B Market St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture,- store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. ' 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts: also dealer in second-
hand tools, -.machinery, etc; mail orders
promptly attended to. 1 646 Mission st. t :- £Ti
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, aheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. ; • "
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Vac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump.' H S. WHITE. 516 Mission St. .
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES."SIO: Records. $5 per doi. ;
. Projectoscope. $100. ■ Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. '
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal" cheap — Second-hand fireproof safe,
■at 42 Main st. - " ■■ ■-•■ ' ■ '
_ _______
inoMivrs.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
• our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown j
■ and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns ■
$3 50; all work painless and . warranted. :
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24- Sixth st. \ "■■■
VAN : VROOM . electro-dental parlors; \ painless
dentistry; : no shock: • painless extraction I a !
•positive fact; full set of -.teeth,- $5: up; silver '
■fillings,: 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your]
•teeth put In without a plate: open -evenings.
997 Market et.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 109,".
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
■plates, $.*: gold filling, 75c up; silver. 2.V: up;
plates mended, $1 up; special inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
989 Mission St.. cor.' Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
. per set; extracting DOc; gas given. • • - .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, | genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and ]
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
.without plate, moved .from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. \
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rm*. 603-607.
ALL* work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. . . -" "
SKT of teeth without ' a plate. • DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ' ■ . , . .. ,.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch . office of The Call.
Wont ads and subscriptions taken. . |
■ "^STORAGE. V; ;.
"aT~"|ow rates— Furniture, caTpetsT~p~iaao«r
household goods; clean, light compartments;
* advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission et., above Sixth; open evenings. '"
AT lowest — Household woods, pianos; ad-
vances made; ' fireproof building. ■ F. "W.
i ZEEFUSS. 840 Mission . at,. .Tel. Mint 1431.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER -OWN '• —_
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 . Montgomery. -" •
DEVISADERO, 727— House, 7 rooms, bath; rent
$20; stable If desired. ' '.'■■ ' ■'■'■'•:
HOUSE,' stable, and grounds suitable tor flor-
> Ist. 2725 Howard st. "
JULIAN aye., 117, . near Sixteenth and, Mis-
sion— 7-room house; latest improvements, $15.
MODERN sunny house of, 9 rooms; every im-
provement, • [ill Devisadero st. ■' •
TO let— lf you want to ■ rent a house, flat :or
cottage In any part of . the Mission call on
us, as we have 450 on our list; rents from $10
to $30. L. A. BOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Va-
lencia st., near Sixteenth.. ■ .:,;•./...
2 ROOMS, bath, kitchen, etc. and basement for
buggy or light' wagon and stable; rent rea-
sonable. 211 Third axe., near California st.
$B— HOUSE, 6 rooms. In fine order, like new.
1567 Kearny st.. near Greenwich. '
JFURNISHEO HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
PART of a furnished house to rent. < Inquire at
1715 Clay St.. ■ near Polk. * « . -■-• ;
TO RENT— Furnished residence of 11 rooms
with attic- and basement. ,^.. Apply 1255. Octa-
via street, between Ellis and O'Farrell; $SO.
COTTAGES TO LET. ; .
COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms in good order.
224V4 O'Farrell st. ; rent $12 50. •
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and large basement;
rent. $15, 356 Fell st. '
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms,' bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 15th St., nr. Dolores.
FLATS '1 0 LET.
AN offer for 5 days; one-half month free; flats
and cottages; $10 and up. • SPECK ■& CO.,
602 Market st. ■;-.., • ■ -. . - ...-■.
I ALL OVER TOWN— ~ —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st: ■• ''
| BAKER, 308, opposite Park Panhandle— S rooms
! and bath; modern; rent $2- ',■: .
FELL, 1118— Upper flat' x 6 sunny' rooms; alcove
. parlors, etc. ' .
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable j for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsom. near Sixth.
FRANKLIN, 214— Nice, sunny tenement, '5
I rooms, bath; modern improvements: ■. •-!
i GEARY. 1513 — Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
j adults: $17. Apply-on premises. •' '■- ■ ». i
I GUERRERO. 1411, near Twenty-sixth,— 6 rooms
and bath; $15. ■■■■_■
HOWARD, ' 728%— A flat of 5 { rooms in good
order. Key at 725, upstairs. . ' ■ •
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Upper flat, i rooms and hall; no children. .
: MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
l' low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
MOSS. , 30— Sunny upper flat: 5 rooms, bath;
newly papered; rent reduced; key cor. How-
ard, near Seventh. ■ • •
O'FARRELL, S23— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen. . .
SOUTH PARK, 107— Elegant sunny flat 7
j rooms; modern and new. rent reasonable.
SUNNY side flat 8 rooms: rent reasonable;
! furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California st.
SUNNY upper flat of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; cheap to adults. Apply 1007 Oak st.,
near Scott. - - . . ■ -
WALLER, 312'«j— flat of 4 rooms; bath
and cellar. ■ ' • ' '■-■■•
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Front room, complete
for housekeeping; single and double; cheap.
FIFTH t 314—2 sunny, front 'connecting house-
keeping nns.; stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 325—2 sunny clean, furnished house-
keeping rooms, $lz; also single room, $5. .-
GEARY. 'Hl— Front room with kitchen; com-
plete, for housekeeping; other rooms; offices.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms;- no children.
GEARY,. 518— Elegant sunny furnished rooms.
. $8 up; also suites: gas, bath: housekeeping.
GEARY. 1917— 520 for adult 3; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; gas- and coal stoves,
all necessaries. ■ ; ;
j GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone. - ■
j HICKORY AYE.. ISl— Two suites of large
housekeepin mis.: "every' convenience; $8 up.
HOWART>;'7O4-^2-large; sunny rooms-complete
for housekeeping, $12; other rooms. - $1 week. I
HOWARD. Furnished • and unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, sunny, and others cheap, j
HOWARD, (The Hanover)— bay- j
window rooms; $2 per week; also housekeep- \
ing. . ; . . -. ■ . .-. •. . ■ -r,;.. .■; i -. j
HYDE. — Two. sunny furnished . rooms com- !
| plete for housekeeping: rent. $15 per month.
i JACKSON, 920, near i Furnished front
sunny, large housekeeping rooms; $8. to $10;
single, $4. , .
! JESSIE, 433—2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms: rent $8 50. .
1 LARK IN, 804—2 sunny I rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $10; double room, $6. " - -.'«..
MCALLISTER, 1046— Modern furnished flat, 4
large sunny rooms and bath; private family;
no other roomers; rent $22 50.  .. i .
MINNA, 548—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MISSION. Single and housekeeping rooms;
furnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, 'diamonds,' Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW MONTGOMERY, Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4
POLK. Large sunny bay-window room,
with kitchen; $13 month: water, gas. .
POLK. 1602—3 nice, light rooms furnished ' for
housekeeping, $13 ' month; running water.
PROSPECT place. 123. between California and
Sacramento — large front sunny furnished j
rooms, $8 month; housekeeping it desired;
German family. •-..-, ..: •-
SIXTEENTH. 2926— Large double parlors with
I regular kitchen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furnished, $11. r
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath. .
STEVENSON. 1204—2 sunny front rooms, un-
furnished, $4 per month.
SUTTER, 913— Large unfurnished : front room
with alcove; modern conveniences; private
family.
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front, first floor; bath, gas.
TURK, 530—3 or 4 newly furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, corner • Twenty-fourth— Bay-win-
dow room; housekeeping; running water;
bath; range. ■ . r -...,
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
3 blocks from Palace; transient; reasonable.
BUSH, 700— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
| and double rooms, $S and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents' i
$6 and $7. '.. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
- Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
GRANT AYE., 17— Sunny ... large suites; also
, single rooms, $6; day, week or month. •
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mlss'on; select family :
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 ;«t week.
HOWARD, 715, , ST. - AVI B— 2oo rooms;
suites; single: -.Bunny reading-room ;•. 25c. up.
HOWARD . 72S>2— A flat 'of 5 rooms; in good
order. Key upstairs.*.. ," r. . 1 •»,;•
HOWARD, Doctor's office, furnished com-
■ plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
JESSIE, 445. upstairs— Nicely furnished sunny
front room; rent $5. •• , , •...
KEARNY, 229 (Charleston)— Cleanest, nicest
, furnished suite and single rooms In city; rea-
sonable. '.-,,'
LEAVENWORTH. 617— Sunny furnished single
■ room, $5 month; private family; ; gentlemen
only. ■ ■••■■■.-.'
MCALLISTER, 511--$6 a m 0.," nice sunny single
room; parlors $10 up; light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. • 515— Nicely ; . furnished . front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA; 667, corner Eighth— .'.ewly furnished
bay window room, $1 : a week. • ■ -••
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.'
NEW FRANKLIN." 321; ' Pacific —- fur- :
nished or unfurnished; day,- week or. month. |
PINE, 1 123!)— Nicely furnished « front room $10
, ; month;,- private family; gentlemen preferred.
POWELL, 203 (The' Montello)— Sunny ; suites
and singly rooms: reasonable;; transient. -r • .
R. R. HOUSE. 633 Commercial, near Mont- i
pny- Beds, 10c, 15c, etc; co2T.ee and rolls free. |
ROOMS .TO LET—C ontinued.
SEVENTH, Furnished \ sultes~anT single
-. rooms at : lowest rates. . ■ MRS-.. PRAHL. prop. j
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.'
SIXTH. Nicely furnished ; sunny . house-
keeping rooms; also single; > reasonable. :. -.^
STOCKTON, 17 — European"! 'elegant rooms;
.suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
/■ hot and cold water: transient; elevator. -_
STOCKTON, 611. near 'Pine— Splendid suite of
■3 large furnished rooms; garden, bath. ■ 1
SUTTER, .. 304— Nice sunny furnished' rooms;
central: reasonable; 'single or en suite. : :■■
SUTTER, 309— Changed I hands; new furniture;
suites or single; transient; terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable. .
TURK, 543— Nicely furnished rooms; ; clean;
bath, etc.; $5 per month: double. $10. . ,
4 MARKET Branch office- of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions' taken. y fa ' -.
boarding' AND f rooms. .
EDDY, 220— Sunny front single an<f~doubie
rooms;' first-class board. $3 50. " : . . ■"• :
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. •
THE MONTROSE. ■• SE. corner Van ' Ness aye.
. and Geary st, will -.' reopen March 15; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished. For
-terms apply at EOS Van ' Ness : aye. ■.■.*■■-.•
' CHILDREN^ BOARDED. '.-■ .
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; good care:
terms low. 1908 gutter st. .* -
LOVING care, sunny home, enough to eat, for
little ones; reasonable. ... 1530 Eddy st.
STORES TO . LET.
CORNER grocery store; 3 rooms attached;
large brick basement. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts. ■■.. ■ _
MISSION, 2943— Store and three living rooms,
$10 per month/ -.Apply upstairs. • ...••; .
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. : cheap rent. . - ..
TWENTY-SECOND. 3328— Store, three rooms
and hall ; large yard; rent $15. / ■:
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. • Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one. year for $1 50,' postage
free. , . ■,'-'-.■•.,.-. .. ,--■..
A WEEK'S news for 5. cents— The Weekly
Call. in wrapper, for mailing. * ' '
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second and third floors; power available for
' straw works, paper box,- shirt factory. V .
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS. . .
WHAT'S THAT? J/'^ ; " YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, 1 with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.-; - ' •
The piano is the Klngsbury. :
The price is $225 , " . ■
The address is 026 Hayes st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person • having use for ■a I piano need not
do without when good Instruments can •be
purchased from .us at . cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3, ,$4, $5. $6, $7. $8, $3,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
■ medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts. -'
ABSOLUTELY the' oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other , musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices . low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.'
EASTERN factory prices; special bargains in
•used pianos this week: ' agency ' Hardman,
- chase Bros., Dewing Bros.-, etc: Steinway,
$150. THE J. DEWING CO.. second floor.
Flood Building, Fourth and Market sts.
A , FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at • very low . prices, including
i Stelnways, Chickering. Hallett & Davis.
• Emerson and others, THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 933 Market st.
A GOOD piano, $*."■; one for $125; ■ Chickering,
Weber, Mathushek and others; pianos for
> rent. BENJ. , CURTAZ & SON, ■16 > O'Farrell.
COLBY pianos are-tho l(f*»t-for the money in
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
■ call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brigsrs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 108, 310, 812 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale-Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st. , .
AT MAUVAIS'. 763, Market st.,, you will .find
pianos from $50 to $230 In second-hand; new
pianos for cash or. on payments. .
$90— DURABLE upright piano, action perfect,
for- sale on installments. 221 Leavenworth St.
BARGAIN— Good Stetnway piano in first-class
condition, only $100/ - 208 Post st. ' ■ '•
$125— Fine upright: 'great, bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 .Post.
KNABE' pianos: 1 ' new ' scale; new I styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_ fly —
SMALLEST ad.. lowest price. Heine, 136 Ellis.
839 .HAVES: ST.— Branch office , of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
'
TEAS.
TEAS,
■tO, 25. 80, 35, 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES, "T-
10. ID, 20, .25,' 85, 40 per pound.
SPICES, • '-; .
10. 15. 20, 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
.WE GIVE FREE
-■ PRETTY DISHES. •
GOLD WATCHES. : -
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
' : AIR rifles. '.\;; V'->
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores i Everywhere.
■ ■ . '■'.-• ■
HORSES. '..~ ■ .
YOUNG buggy mare for sale cheap. 34 Sey-
mour aye., off Seventeenth st.; near Valencia.
KLONDIKE pack mules and - burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, ' sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horE=s; t must
fell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, -buggies,
carts, harness ; Grand Arcade . Horse ■ Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday.' SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
• WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. . , .
LADY'S village cart and brougham; i nearly
new; cheap. '500 Golden Gate aye. •.,
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages.
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st. ' ' ■ -■'•<: ■ ■•■ '^ ~ \
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2- wheeled carte, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. •■■■■ • -.■--.- .. r , {. -o»;,
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st. - . •
615 LARK IN Branch office of : The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .
• . • PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Feb. 23, Sealed
proposals. in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office, of Quartermaster. . San Diego
Barracks, Cal., until II o'clock a. m.. March
25, JS9S," and then opened, for furnishing; wood
. and coal for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
Fort Baker, Benieia Barracks, Fort > Mason,
Presidio of San Francisco, San Diego Bar-
racks and San Francisco,: Cal.. during fiscal
year commencing. July • 1, • 1898. • Government
reserves ; right". to reject . or .accept any and
all '. bids, or any ■ part thereof. • Preference
given to articles of domestic production, ■ con-
ditions, of. quality and price (including In the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
, being equal, v. and . such . preference .. given to
'articles of American : production produced on
• Pacific Coast . to . extent ! of - consumption re-
" quired by the public service there. | Informa-
. tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at -San ' Diego Barracks, •or to ; undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
:•• '."Proposals ' for ■ wood : (or . coal)," i and
addressed to said Quartermaster, or to JAB.
M." MOORE, Assistant ' Quartermaster-Gen-
eral, U. S. A., Chief : Quartermaster. " ' :
;■ i PERSONALS. ' '
WANTED —To • know *- the -.' whereabouts of
CHARLES OBEKM3,years old; large for age.
Address F. H. OBER, : 2237 Mission st. <• ;
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c : for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no {5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis st. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS. ; I v
QUINONIA, a • perfect ■ hair ; tonic; : harmless,
'■: beneficial. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton , st. ;
NEW ' method f massage. ; : electric, treatment ;
heated room. , MRS. JOHNSTON, 514- Geary.
THE beauty . of j hair can ; only Ibe retained \by
; careful dressing. 'I ■■ charge '■ but Z 25c. : . Good
switches,. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; -extra
heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from . 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. V
JOS. GREVEN has actually proven his ability
'.to cure every; voice ruined by bad habits :or
poor singing ; methods -• and ' develop it 'to the
■ greatest strength and beauty; in a short , time.
Murphy building. Market and , Jones , sts. - ■■c, ,--,
MISS ANDERSON, . baths. '."massage; • Swedish
movement. ',? 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
LADIES' feet put ilni In i perfect order at home by
a skillful s chiropodist; references. Address
618 Harrison st. . •'. ',.. -'.-..' ■;'>:• :.-,'.-• V- ;
TRUNKS '- moved, ' 25c. '. ■ Commercial ' Transfer
i Co., 22 Stockton st. phone Main ; 49.  • ... ..;.
ELECTRIC, lights in . every room Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., nr. Market:' 2oo rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to !$G per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ! I
BADGES. , photo, and badge buttons, made In
'. Ban Francisco nt Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. R3!> Clay. St.. P. F. ■:■-.
CAL. Institute, 402^6 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L. '
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7th , and Bth. ,-•■;
114— to -' order: '■ samples; " try : one. ':• • NEU- -
HAUS * CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st. : . .
CLOAKS and tailor-made: suits retailed . at
wholesale fleiires. - 20 Pnnpome st. - - ■ \
DRESSMAKERS. -^^
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy. St.. rm. 86.
:' 'CLAIRVOYANTS.'"
MRS. t>H. T. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
..will reveal every hidden mystery In life; shs
will show you how to overcome' your enemies,
• remove family troubles, restore- lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire, life, past, present j
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours '
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
"special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market st.."opp. Sixth. . . , -" |
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight: ;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk, j
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chicago; card
reader. 906 Market St., or 9 Ellis, room 22.
MISS MELVILLE, s-reat clairvoyant and
water reader. !>2l'-j Mission; German ■ spoken.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind -read-
er. -. 223 Post St., room 11, second- floor.
MRS. JOHNSON, card reader and magnetic
healer. 118% Ellis St.. room 41. . . ■.•= ■ .-
MME.'MOREAU, best medium • and- • card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME.' ARCHER, clairvoyant and mind-reader;
101 14 Grant aye., room 15. -
•YOUR future told by cards; ladies, gents,
Ss£ 327 Fifth st. •■:.'.'. ': ■
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic ; healing, card
reader. 906 Market St.. room 41. top floor.
MME. LE NORMANDE, ' clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment 401 Leavenw.orth.
IDA. INOLEWOOD. card-reader, .magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23. - .
MME. LINKMAK tells -fortunes- by planets;
: prd'td "74" steamer on island. 23H Sixth, r. 6.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
, netic hyaline. 122 Post st.. r00m ..10. ' \
MME. IDA' SCHMIDT, nuurnetlst. card reader
and fortune teller. .234 O'Farrell, r. .4- and ; 5.
MISS. PEARL HARRISON, card, reader ■ and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 12O' / 4' Geary st. ■
MRS. RAY from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. 1015 Market St., room 17, 2d floor.
RAY FAIR, card reader; ■ magnetic healing- a
specialty. 223 Post St., room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MIPS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor st room
S: mind ..reader, and palmist. . . . ,
MRS. SHAFFER,* test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St.. room 14. ,
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in her pro-
fession: never falls: vice: heln. 929 Post.
;, ■' ;,';'/ i .'."SPIK.'TCALISM.';' ■■'-■/: .'.. .
TEST - meeting 8. p. m. .'to 10. 335 McAllister
. st. ;*Ptltt, Nita, Makln, ' Hargrave, Gilllng-
., ham, Evems. • . ' '. . * •
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
:. Bp. m., 23c.' 409 Leavenworth St.- • ..,.-;.„;
11l LARKIN ST, : 8 .p. m. ; Mr. S,impson and
other good talent; : free. ' •'_ .'■ _ ' • x *" , '
MRS. FAlRBANKS.. clairvoyant: circle Tues.
Frl. eves., 10c; readings dally. 25c, 60c. ; 10$ 6th.
MISS SHRINER, clairvoyant. for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny , St., room 24. ■
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Haight st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual ' medium. lor
, messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
615 LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. ■
HYPNOTISM-
S. F. COLLEGE OF SUGGESTIVE THERA-
peutics. 911 Van Ness aye. : demonstrations
, every Friday evening, 8 o'clock; free; private
lessons dally. -
MEDICAL.
ALL .Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure .guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted;, travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent: call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills,' $2. / ■ ■■ . -.■••,'-.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
■ and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
■ aid- Instant relief for travelers; tumors .re-
moved by electricity; home in. confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the .doctor,, free, before going else-
where- regulating Bills ana capsules, ■ . $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, .913 Post St., nr. Lark In.
A PROCESS that never fall 3 to restore every
case •of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no Instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad»-
S vice free; terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. \ MRS. DR. DA-
' LEY, 1126 Market st, • over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all • female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care;. with privacy of home and con-
s venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
; aired- call on the doctor and state their case;
. they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st. ■ . ..... ,
SURE cure, when others fall; ; "no medicine or
instruments; every woman ■_ her. own physi-
clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day; never falls:
consultation free; can be sent, and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by
. telephone. . I : ■ ■ .-.-..'.■..
A' TREATMENT that restores instantly, all
cases of monthly irregularities-. (from what-
- ever cause): no instruments used; cure at of-
fice IS: consult .free; hours 10 .to 5. DR.
, AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market Ft. '.'"
DRS GOODWIN, diseases of women;', ladles;
■ safe,- 1 quick eui ■•» guaranteed: any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schuck's. self-cure. Jo. 401 Van Ness.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Sepruro ; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay t st. •, send
3c stamp for particulars to 'Seguro Manu-
fafcturing Co.. 831 X st.. : Sacramento. Cal. ;,
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ;: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland; Cal.
BAD lekrs made , good; all swollen or ulcer-
ated ltmbP quickly cured, r- DR. MYERS.
Stockton. Cn!.: treatment by mall.
CAPSULETAS— Preventive; sure: harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded. _ MME. MAS-
SON, 1223 Geary st. ;.- ■ ■■ . ' ;>.
PR. .'HALL, 59 McAllister St.; : diseases of wo-
■ men and children. .-■■' . : . "^ .'' \".
VALUABLE .medical receipt for sale; rriarrlea
ladies ■ Investigate. ' Box ■ 11S7. . Call; office. ;.,
LADIES— Mrs.' Dr.' Puet«; .infallible, safe rem-
j. edies; 38 years' .experience.' 254V1- Fourth . st. v-
HOME in -confinement: diseases of J 1 women.
MRS. DR.. FUNKE. Bth St., ; Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private dls...ses.. 8 Mason st.. S. ,F.
,:■■■ : ; .. -.:;■■'■ .4. 4 . lost. ; ..;.«..:...■ - s . -^
LOST— A Maltese and : gray male cat; reward.
- 2216H Mission st. v "• ■ *^-. ". ■;
ELEVENTH, 108— Branch office iof The Call;
. ; subscriptions and want ads taken. '^-^ .:.«;.;,
,-'"■ %"'.•:■■ -'. CITY :.IIEA_K: .IlEA_K ESTATE. v
$1400— NEW cottage. . 4 rooms and bath; lot 25
. by 125; 429 Douglas st. , Call at SPECK'S.
<W2 Market. St., or 565,.M13_0n :-B_»:'.i^' .0 ..?:.-■
NEW : house, !7 ' rs., : bath ; ; easy terms; Mission :
■ , swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, " 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN 3 ST.— Branch office of The • Can. =
- Subscriptions and want ads taken.  .. y:-
COUNTRY .iEAL ESTATE. $;_
MILL. VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or
. • unfurnished ; very reasonable; • lot 50x150. ' Ad-
;f dress : box 884, Call Office. 1 ' -.'-.-"-". '-.-"-" — s *
LITTLE homes '' close to town; Improved; easy
| terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
. years' credit. D. H.,TWING. Sonoma City;
-, every Monday at 632 Market st., 8. P. f h. .
BOOK and ; list of cheap -; land free. M. M.
Jg GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, , Shasta County. , Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Vf Call, i"; Sent to any address in .; the United
-' States : or Canada' one year for $1 50, : postage
free. ■ '-^-t ■■-■•.■-'.">"•-'■- ' ■ '■ -" - * > '- r - -"-'"' '--■ -'
* BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ' ;
MUST be, sold to close an estate: lot 123x270.
.2 near station: two frontages; street work done
v- on one frontage;; I want: an offer., • JOSEPH
, ,J. MASON. : real estate) Berkeley Station.
HOUSE of 8 rooms to let. furnished; modern
M improvements; large, pleasant grounds; also
one new surrey and phaeton for sale; also
hand printing press. type. Box. 3210.. Ca11.
PKOI'ERTY TO EXCHANGE. ;
5 LOTS near Seventeenth and Market. $350 to
$600; payments; 2 lots near Ocean View, 25x
125, $250 each 2 lots, sunny side Joost aye.
(comer), $6^o. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
10 LARGE lots in ? Mlnnetonka . Center, near
• Minneapolis,' Minn. : will exchange for busi-
ness or property: $2000.. Call or address N.
KNT'DSON. 136 -Parker 1 aye.. San .Francisco.
.OAKLAND advertisements:
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
* . OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL piece 'of property for sale 'hear
Lake Merri'tt and boulevard, in Oakland: IOOx
135; price $2000: owner wants to go to Alaska.
Address or call P. -STILLER, c are of Schles-
' ing'er & Bender, 104 Clay St.. S. F. ' ■ ; ' ■
FOR sale— High lot, .",3x145, fenced, with large
.barn;- new; street work complete, including
.fewer and water pipes,; one-half "block from
•>ars: bargain . if taken immediately, i i 1590
■ yUcatra£_a\'-.e^.Lorin 1 : . Berkeley. ; ■ .; '
! a BEAUTIFUL HOMEi : - ' I ' ', ' ■■ ■■■'-
; One of the neatest and best built • homes In
Oakland; UA stories, 6 rooms,; and also serv-
! ant's room, bathroom, large reception hall; 2
chimueys, Monarch patent grates In parlor and
dining-room; 5 large closets and fine pantry:
back stairs from kitchen: Iron porcelainrllned
roll-rim bathtub: plumbing 'nickel plated; ce-
ment steps and walk; front chimney Is rough
1 blocks of sandstone, very pretty this property
; is In good neighborhood and within six min-
| utes' walk of station; price $3800. complete;
terms can be arranged. Call for further par-
j ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED. Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
8-ROOM house to let. with all improve-
■ ments. 12." Monroe St., East Oakland.
4- ROOM house: no "bath; large yard. 527
Park aye., East Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXiASIEDA REAL ESTATE. '
$_00^"sACRrFIC_T lo?lo_2o7Twrth good 7-room
house; half block from station and high
school easy terms.
J2Soo— New . modern • cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150. cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500; snap/ •■".■■. ; • , .'..-: •
$2900— Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location: very easy terms.
To Close an. Estate— lOrroom house; lot 60x140; j
Alameua's best location; see this and make an I
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 • per • month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of' the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
• ,". > '• ' ->'- • 1432 Park- st.. Alameda.
WILL 'sacrifice' a modern . new house: small
payment, balance monthly; going to Klon-
; dike; must and will sell. Box 1215. Call office.
" alaMeda ROOMS.
$25— CHESTNUT, 1313. one block from station
— Furnished lower flat. 5 rooms.
I ' . money"' TO .. LOA.V
ANY amount at 6V2 per cent on real estate:
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life Insurance,
goods In warehouse, furniture and pianos
t. without removal; ' mortgages and legacies
• bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
ropery, room 3. ■■ .- . .'...:
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak- !
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without i
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. : .' .' ■■-".■-■ t ■
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, -bank books, etc. ; low In- j
terest ; private; no com. . R. . 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on : indorsed paper,
pianos, . furniture or. Jewelry; all .business
• strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
•■DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny st.; upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place' to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest . rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store,' 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no. commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st. .
LOANS on real • estate and on ' furniture ! or
pianos without removal; any, amount: lowest
rates. BECKER A CO., 328 Montgomery -st,
GO to a regular licensed • pawnbroker- at — 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
..- rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
| bate, etc. Room 7. BOS California st. -
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden; 413 Montgomery st. j
CITY and country, any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages,, estates, etc.' MURPHY, 628 .Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal;, lowest j
rates; no com. private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
. money; diamonds, and Jewelry. |
«16 LARKIN— office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. '.
_____ FIKANCIAIZ ~~" "
LOANS on . real I estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS:.-1083Montgome-— st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of. the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California — In the
matter of.. the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
.'■ RILL, deceased. . --Order to show cause why
order of sale . of real estate should not be
made and ordering publication. > . • ' .
" ANNIE H. TERRILL, as the executrix of
the last will of said CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, . deceased^ having this day. presented
to the undersigned Judge of said court her
petition, duly verified and praying, for an or-
der . of sale of a portion of the real estate
belonging to the estate of said decedent, for
the purpose of paying the debts outstanding,
against said decedent : and the debts, ex-
penses and . charges of the administration of
said estate, and.it having appeared, and ap-
pearing to the said Judge from such petition
that it is necessary, and also that it must
be tor the advantage, benefit and best inter-
ests of the said estate and those interested
therein to sell some portion of the said real
estate for the purposes ■ and reasons men-
tioned in said petition: and such petition hay- j
Ing been' thereupon fifed, > "
It is -therefore ordered that all persons in- I
■ terested in the estate of said deceased I ap-
pear before the said Superior Court on MON-
DAY, the 21st. day.', of . March, IS9B, at 10
o'clock In the forenoon of said day, at the
courtroom of • Department No. 10 of said Su-
perior Court, In the new City Hall In said
city and county- of San Francisco, State of
. California, to show cause why an order
should not be granted to the said executrix
to sell so much of • the ' real estate ' of. the
said deceased as shall ■be necessary. . - ■ ,
And that a ; copy' of this 'order be published
once a week ' for four successive weeks in
the ■ "San ■ Francisco > Call," •■■ a newspaper
printed and published In said city and
county.
Dated February < 15. A. D. - 1898.
JAS. M.TROUTT, Judge of the Superior
'- Court.-—.- — r~ '■■'- ■■-..-. \ .^..--,-.
DEPARTMENT No. 10, Probate— ln the Su-
• perior Court In and for the City and County
■of- San, Francisco, State of California — In the
r matter : of ' the ; estate » of > JACOB ' C. .:' JOHN-
. SON, • (*?ceased. i -. • :■....• -'.-;« :■■ y .
" • Notice is hereby . given that • Thursday, • the
24th day of February, A. : D., 1898, at 10
o'clock a. m. of said day, and the courtroom
■of Department No. 10, of said court, at the
". New ' City , Hall, In ? the City and County of
■' San . Francisco, -.- State .of California, , have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said JACOB C. JOHN-
. , SON, deceased, and • for hearing the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance
to her of letters testamentary.
Dated February 11. A. D. 1898. •' -V.
. . , CHARLES F. CURRY, - Clerk. -
. <Seal) By E.S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk. >
J. A. STEPHENS, ■ Attorney for : Petitioner.
Room 503. Claus Spreckels building. -•
;■.;•.; - : , ■:•:•. :>. TYFBWIIITEB.&. S '; 1 ..,- V"
YOST, good order. $25; -send for sample work.
3 SCOTT & BANNAN,^ 333 Montgomery st. ;• £
SEWING MACHINES. ' f-"V" '<
ALL kinds bought, sold, : exchanged, -rented; ■ .
. repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. f .': -'■
BIRTHS— MAREIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, . marriage ? and ' death notices sent by
mail ;• will not be * inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication office*
and ; be indorsed with . the name and residence
of persons authorized to - have the > same pub-
lished. : ./- • :.:./■
> " -; - :-.; ' ' BORN. . ♦
DEUSSING— this city, February 6, 1898, to
■ the wife of T. Deussing, a daughter. '
GROSS— February IS, IS9S, to the wife of Carl
c. Gross, a daughter, i*
INESS— In this city. February 8, IS9S; to the 1 .
' wife of John W. Iness, a • son.
LKFFLER— Near I,odl, February 13, 1898. to
the wife of Ben Lef Her, a son.
Me ARTHUR— Acampo. February 17, 1808.
to the wife, of George Me Arthur, a son.
NEWMANN— In this city, February 20. 1896, to \
"• the wife of A. Newmann, a daughter.
RYHNER— In Watsonville, February 4, IS9B, to
the wife of Joseph Ryhner, a daughter. .
RAYMOND— February 19, 1898/ to the wife of
Edgar F. Raymond, a son. . " :\
STERN— February 22. ISOB. to the wife of A.
W. Stern, a daughter.
WYCKOFF— In this city, February 22, 1898, to -
the wife of D. H. Wyckoft Jr., a daughter. '..
 , :'■'.., MARRIED. WBSSS^i' :^^i-
CARRERA— In this city, •February
21, 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Edward
Carn-ra and .Emilie Hc-rzer.
DANIELSEN— SCHULTZE— In this city. Feb-
ruary .20. 1898, by - the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
•Albert Danielsen and Olivia Schultze. \
MAYER— MEYER— In this city, February 20,
1598,: by Rabbi . Isidore Myers, Ferdinand
Mayer and Eugenic Meyer, both of San Fran-
cisco. . ' ■.■' , .. .. . ■■ k - • ■■• ■
PARR— LAUNTZ— In San Jose, February 19.
18*8, by the Rev. M. D. Buck, Walter John-
son Parr and Mattie Estelle Launtz. '. ;-"*"•
TJCTKILL— BURMEISTER— In this. city. Feb-
ruary 16, 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
Frank Tuthlll and Augusta Burmelster.
, , . DIED.
Adams, George H. Marshall,' Lena '
Bertelsen, John P. ; Jlilier, Eliza :■'
Buckley, Matilda S. Moll, John , .-v>
Crepin, Mary C. Mullen. John F. . ';"
Devoto, Joseph • : Nelson, Grace G. .. ', ■'
Elchholz. Otto O'Connor, Thomas . . /
Humphreys; Robert ' Perry, Manuel A.
Hunt, Charles J. . ; Seccni. JCmile A. .
Husteden. ■ Amelia j Shea. Leo W.
Llndwall. E. L. • Williams. Mrs. _.-■"''
. Maroney, William ,- ' ::•,•.; ■i k ,
ADAMS— In Napa, February 21, 189S, George-
Henry Adams, beloved son of Timothy W.
■ and the; late Mary E. Adams, a native of
Woburn, Mass., aged 36 years 7 months and
8, days. • . ;;. ...-..: , .r . , ,
BERTELSEN— In this city, February 22, 1898,
John Peter, beloved husband of -Louisa Ber-
telsen, father of Arthur, Myrtle and Walter.
Bertelsen, and brother of Mrs. Decker and
Christ Bertelsen, a native of Schleswig, aged
38 years 3 months and IS days. . . ; . •
BUCKLEY— In this city, February 22. 1898.
Matilda- S., daughter of Daniel and the late
Delia Buckley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years.
CREPIN-'-In this city, February 21. 1898. Mary
. Cecilia, beloved wife of Dr. E. ,A. .Crepin,
and mother of Mary Emilie and Louise Ce-
cilia Crepin, a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,
aged 52 years and 12 days. (Philadelphia pa-
pers please copy).
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, -.705 Ashbury street, near Waller,
thence to St. Agnes Church, Masonic ave-
nue and Page street, for .services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric fu-
neral car.
DEVOTO— In this city, February 21, IS9B. Jo-
seph, dearly .beloved brother of David De-
. voto and Mrs. T. Cuneo. a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), ■at ' 2 "o'clock, from the . resi-
dence- of his brother, Mr. David Devoto, 55
Erie street, between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth, Mission " and Howard. Interment
- Holy Cross Cemetery. - - . - '<'
EICHHOLZ— In '. this city, February ; 20, 1898,
Otto, beloved son of William and Marie
' Eichholz, and brother of Henry and ' Ger-
trude 'Elchholz and Mrs. Millie : Spilken, a
native of Bochum. .Westphalia, Germany,
aged 27 years and S3 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
'"- fully. invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from ■ the . par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,'
! between Fifth and Sixth: Interment Laurel
I Hill Cemetery. - '. . • • t.
HUMPHREYS— In this city, February 22. 1898.,
Robert, beloved son of David and Mary
Humphreys, a native of San Francisco," aged
1 year and 4 months. : ' > '.
HUNT— In Oakland. February 21, 1898, Charles
James, beloved eon of William C. and Rosa
Hunt, a native of San Diego, aged 1 year and
6 months.
HUSTEDEN— this city. February 21, '- 1898,
Amelia, beloved wife of G. W. Husteden. and
mother of Bertha and Dora Husteden. and
sister of Mrs. Tillie Strickland and William
' J. Wilson. '• a native of Cape Town, ; Africa,
aged 36 years 11 months and 18 days.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. -4154 Jessie street. Interment Laurel
; Hill Cemetery..- . r . ■ .-
LINDWALL— In this city, February 22, 1898.
E. L., beloved husband of Elizabeth .Lind-
wall, and father of Kate, Lizzie and Ed-
- mond Lindwall, a native of Sweden, • aged 51
.years & months, and 22 days. - " *'
i Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
February 25, at' 10 o'clock, from Druids' Hail.
413 Sutter street. Interment " Cypress • Lawn
Cemetery. Remains at his late residence. 21
: . Hinkley street, till 9 o'clock Friday morning.
MARONEY— In the City and County Hospital?
February 22. 1898, William Maroney, a na-
tive of Louisiana, aged 43 years.
MARSHALL— In this city. February 22, 1898,
after a long and painful illness, Lena liar-
shall, dearly beloved mother of Harry Mar-*
shall, "and sister "of B. McAravy of Benlcia.\
a native of Albany, N. V., aged 41 years and
4 months. •• •.•--..' . ' '. '
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock., from the resi-
dence of her sister, 713' 2 Union street, thence
• '• to St. Francis Church, where ceremonies will
be held, thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In* this city. February 22, 1898. Eliza.
-beloved wife of ; John- Miller, and mother of
John, Robert, Maggie, Willie and David Mil-
ler, a native of County. Donegal, Ireland,
aged 55 years 11 months am. 16 days.
[CTFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Incited to attend the funeraT Friday,
February 25, at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2321 Humboldt street." between : Ver-
. mont and Kansas. Intern) nt Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ■
. MOLL— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 22, 189 S. John Moll, a native Of Ger-
many, aged 53 years.
MULLEN— In this city. February 22. IS9B, John
Francis, beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Mullen, and brother of Harry, Clara, the
late James and Mary Jane Mullen and Mrs.
John J. Coffej', a native of San Francisco.
IC7"Fricnds and I acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 732 Howard - street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. '• --■ ■
NELSON— In this city. February 22. 1898, Grace
Gertrude, beloved daughter of Mrs. Catherine
Nelson, a native of Mendoclno, Cal., aged 23
;yeara 5 months and £7 days. „ .. .' ;••-' ' -
O'CONNOR— In San Rafael, February. 21. 1898,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband Nellie
O'Connor, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged
31 years 8 months: and 13 days.-.' (Cleveland,
Ohio, papers please copy).
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend ■ the I funeral - this day (Wednesday),
nt 9:."0 o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy
& Co.. . 1235 Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of his
soul, • commencing -at 10 o'clock. - Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
.PERRY— In this city, February 21, 1898. Manuel
- A. Perry,"a native of Azores Islands, Portu- •■
gal.
SECCHI— In this city, February 22, IS9B, Emlle
Andre Secchi, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 2 months and 6 days, ' -' ■-.. .
' " Funeral and Interment private.
SHEA— In Lamanda Park, 1 February 19. 1898,
■ Leo W., beloved, husband of. Kate Shea, son
of, James and Annie Shea, and son-in-law of
Robert Mitchell, a native of San Francisco.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
... (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
. residence, i 1112 McAllister I street, thence to
:. Holy Cross Church, ' Eddy and Scott streets.
, where a requiem high-, mass will be cele-
. brated for the. repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . '■ • *i
: WILLIAMS— In this ■ city, February 21. 1898,
■' Mrs. Lettie Williams, beloved daughter of ;
- James "W. • and . the late Catherine Collins,
and sister of Mrs.' J. F. Stellman and John
and Charles Collins, a native of ■ San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 21. days. '" .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend 7 the. funeral this day
(Wednesday), .at 2 o'clock, from the resi- "
* ' dence of Mrs. J. F. Stellman, 34«4 Kissling •
. street. •Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. *,-■
I"^~^McAVOY,& GALLAGHER, .T*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 lITTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ; "; I
• ■'• i : . Telephone. SouthSU^^^^^^l
__ r-w « llWl— —^—
■ H. B. m'avoy. Manager. ... . - 1
I McAUOY,'* CO., I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ALMER3, I
I , --• ■ 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. .. . I
I 7A ' " Telephone. South 247. ' ■■-]
-«- Estab. 1858. '- --.'. Tel. South "477";,
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
' ,'- Funeral ■ Directors and Embalmers, < . -
v 22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. '
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for th* usa
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulanca.
1516
~ ADVERTISEMENTS. f
■g 8828852528258828888888 » « ?S » « ° * » X *« « S * ? .? ** S ?558282 82 82 82.82 88 K828282 82
WS^ ™f BH^fc— 88
X ffl P 1@ F^ m ■! I, Bk i^ MH^^ 3
;.' I \ J&t^ i
.' / \ I\ \ L I^l/ \\ y ] 88
s? / \ \ \ / \\ a
88 / * \\^ ( r\\ B
I AAw Mr Now Jn Full Swing! • .'»
I 1 f\\ 1 1 f Everywhere " I
! . \\ I/ GENUINE REDUCTIONS 1
I - ll*%JJLllf Of ALMOST HALF on !
I Clothing, Men's ||
I Furnishings and Hats. I
I Every article of recent style and the pink of £
I the latest fashion creations. Every purchase 3|
1 guaranteed and your money back if you are not 1
S suited in every way. An immense stock to «
I select from, but early buying is always desirable. 3
8? . ' ' , " ■ ' 28 I
B - - . . . , : ■ ' .: . ■ »
« g|f& f§f& Five Hundred SINGLE AND DOUBLE C~\ a 1a 1
« Vk | Sag BREASTED SACK SUITS, in new fabrics, all H?^f »
SS IjrwlWW the latest shades, reduced from $10.00, guaranteed *Jj 88;
S8 all wool. A our inspection is all that ia neces- sPtCj '*
•3 sarv to sell them. A~r\hPy7\-'' **
88 " / \yjf f\
" Ifl 15 ? ft I" Three Hundred and Fifty SINGLE AND / f '\ \ 2
-^ff H1!H 1 ! DOUBLE BREASTED SACK SUITS, in shades /!> > IA 1
*. U£ I IvU of browns, Havana browns, cheviots in blues and ///tZ^ II *'
SS black, reduced from $10.00 and $12.50. Each / /J§§Jsl \\ . 8
S3 and every one are trade-winners, quick sellers, j^jf^r^ / a'
s» • sure please rs. • '\\ m, \L./ 83
■*[ J^O OS Six Hundred ALL-WOOL SUITS, single and /I/ / ■ VVjC §
*. f^ | double breasted sacks and 3-button cutaways, in / / I y\ /) 88
£5 IjrWlv^J cassimeres, Scotch tweeds, overplaids and chev- /■ i\ 1 - & 8S i
S3 iots, reduced from $12 50. Our reputatioa is dyed, "■" 111 88
spun and woven in every garment. 11l •*
S3 —————————— | ■ ; r-j : ; // \ I S3
•s riltA fjf| About Eight Hundred SUITS OF ALL CUTS, II \\ ' 28
"s RillS ill I in weaves of clay worsteds, cheviots and cassi- //I
J. |(?SUIUU meres, reduced from $15.00 and $17.50. Lined // VI . |
S! with Farmer's satin and elegantly tailored. JbM^ Vs/ ' 88
88 Q^^ V 25
S~~ . . TROUSERS. ~~~ |
p The Low-Price Banner waves in this department and prices are cut in half. Pants 88
*• flold for $1.85, $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00 will honestly be worth double. |
c« i ~ ~ \ ; ~ ~ ~~ ; ' : ' ' '"" . H
•* • 8J
a At! C O ur Furnishings Department has made a 'strong bid for £ .
• f • public approval, and because of our Correct and Up-to- "\®
T5T 5 "'UrniSninff Date Stock and the Sterling Values always to vbe found S
g s~* « *~ there, we have succeeded admirably. During sale great §
88 V_lUOvl_>» reductions in Underwear, Ties, Hosiery and Nightshirts. 88
I' FANCY BOSOM SHIRTS, including one pair • double-, mr. '.''-: t'frs |
j. link cuffs, reduced from 75c to ..:..... :...... ..............'....:„.. . rruC '/' .88
| BLACK AND TAN HOSE, full finish -and fast shades, 0 |
8? reduced from 20c a pair t0...............:.... .....„..'.............. |£2u r 88
;| NIGHTSHIRTS, good cotton, full size, reduced from Qr n I
jj 50c to ....'... ...'..'.!.... ........ Juu 88
88 '•" ■ ■ ' ■ •'■■"■■'* •" ■■ '" 88
gj SILK NECKWEAR, latest fashions and designs, regular n/y .' 88
88 price 50c, reduced to — ;.-...... :..:.L..L.. :..;;.... ZUu ',' ,'V 88
S ; , WHITE, GRAY AND TAN MERINO UNDERWEAR, afa ;p; p .' |a
88 ' . reduced from $1 t0........ ;. .........1....1/ ■.:...::.:.:.-......;:..:.. DUC . *
88 1 ___________ _____________________________________________ :•-: i;-;"-S8:
88 • ■:- ____-___-___________-__----_-___----^^ :■',•■■•- •■■•■• ■■-.■: • :-S3
23 In spite of the tremendous reductions and the great ' values - that will rule *
8g ifluring.this sale we will, as usual, agree .to keep all garments purchased from us ••».
** in repair one year free of charge. , ; \, V \ •*■■■-' • *J
28 4 88
88 . ' ■ . -. - ■ . ' ■•■.,•-.■ ■■>,-,. . ■.. -r.-» ■.• -. ,■- '. .•■■-■:., ;.;..*■ ■ - ■ ■ -~ ■; ■irv 88
28 ' ' ' ' ' «__^_> -■- . - • " •. . . ,^^^_ . '^^b^^^^:'- ■''"'" ' ' . -■''■'••■ o«
•* «^l s^sßkßl fl^V wBB I s^B wr± B^B S9 HI v
• j'^j* - w pißsk <ww SV KitS aEfiß vm 9^3H *
** TjffHg A3^ ft Ew ifflfw «c Sf HHr yßg 88
I COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS, §
: 718=722 MARKET STREET. ]
»SiSSSSSBSBBBBBBSBBBSBBBSBBBBBBBS SBSS BBSSSSBBSB^SBSB 8g888S8888888S8SS8SS8888S8SS!S83888SS88SS8S8 • 8888888888 88-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1898.
THEY HONOR
FATHERS OF
FREEDOM
Banquet of the Sons
of the American
Revolution.
Hon. E. F. Preston's Splen
did Eulogy of the
President.
Mayor Phelan Delivers a Stir
ring Address on Municipal
Government.
RECEIVE MANY GREETINGS
Professor Bernard Moses Talks on
the Practical Value of
Patriotism.
The Sons of the American Revolution
gave a banquet last night at which 250
guests were present. Covers were laid
for that number, but the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel, in which the ban
quet was held, was so overcrowded that
some forty guests were obliged to be
seated in the Marble Hall adjoining the
banqueting room.
The tables were prettily decorated,
the color used being pink. At one end
of the Maple Room the insignia of the
order was displayed in due prominence
on the wall, while the Stars and Stripes
formed a fitting background for the
cross of "Liberty and Country."
Before commencing the splendid re
past which had been provided for them
the guests sang two of the most patri
otic songs known to Americans—
"America" and "Columbia the Gem of
the Ocean." At the first sound of the
orchestra the whole assemblage rose to
their feet as one man and the songs
were sung with intense feeling and
fervor. Among the guests present were":
Mayor Phelan, Hon. Horace Davis,
Professor Bernard Moses, Professor
Lathrop, Rabbi Voorsanger, General J.
H. Dickinson, General G. H. Burton,
Joseph L. Spear, Professor F. M. Wil
liamson, Colonel A. S. Hubbard, Judge
G. N. Fox and S. Prentis Smith.
After the cigars Col. J. C. Currier,
president of the society, made a few
introductory remarks on the Inception
and growth of the Society of the Sons
of the American Revolution. He said
that the society would every year
make its influence felt throughout the
country by the' preservation of Ameri
can traditions, and by stimulating and
fostering a healthy public sentiment
regarding honesty in all departmental
affairs pertaining to the State and to
the country. If a luilthy patriotism is
promoted throughout the ccuntry by
the efforts of the society, it will not
have lived in vain. The Colonel then
proposed a toast to the man who In
his exalted position deserves the sup
port of all true Americans in time of
peace and war— the President of the
United States.
In responding to the toast, the Hon.
E. F. Preston made a speech which
was greeted as In many ways the
speech of the evening, reaching as it
did an elevated tone that touched a
responsive chord in every patriotic
heart present. He said:
The President of the United States.
The ruler of more than sixty millions of
freemen, vested by the suffrages of the
citizens of the republic with far greater
powers than art- accorded to constitu
tional moiiurchs. When tested by the
number of people, value of the interests
and the geographical area affected, his
powers are vast beyond conception.
Recognized by the cro#ned heads of the
other world as their official equal, the
President of the United States stands
forth without Insignia, decoration or title,
his office illumined by those great truths
upon which the superstructure of our
Government rests, beside which all
hereditary honors and titles pale and be
come Insignificant.
Our sturdy forefathers, who crossed the
sea in search of liberty, brought with
them as part of their very being- those
fundamental principles of human liberty
which were wrung from John by the
barons at Runnymede— fit seed to fructify
and bear the fruit of an American re
public. And wh-n they published that
second Magna Charta, the Declaration of
Independence, to the world, humanity
answered with a responsive throb. Se
lecting the colors with which Almighty
God had streaked the sky, they wove
them Into the American flag, and conse
crated it with their blood and their lives.
From this highest order of patriotism
was evolved our form of government,
which to-day remains substantially un
changed. Master minds met in its for
mation. The Federalists, led by the great
Alexander Hamilton, and the Democrats
by Thomas Jefferson, united in devising
a system by which men could govern
themselves. The country was vast, limit
less and unpopulated. The people were
strong in habits of self-reliance, cemented
by the bloody war through which they
had Just parsed. How well they builded
we, their descendants, alone may know.
The sparse population of the narrow strip
of land between the Alleghenies and the
Atlantic Const has extended across the
Mississippi River until it has reached the
Pacific. The stage coach has made way
for the railroad, the great West is dotted
with populous cities and throughout the
length and breadth of the land teeming
millions still look to our institutions and
to our flag with the same reverential af
fection as did our forefathers of old.
However foreign nations may regard us,
however serious they may consider our
political contests, they must always count
upon what they seem to forget— the in
tense, unbounded patriotism of the Amer
ican people, a patriotism always willing
to pour forth its treasure and its blood to
maintain the dignity and the honor of the
republic. And in this patriotism and
reverence for our Government lies our
chief safeguard. The ever-Increasing
population of the world is beating upon
stranger shores to find room for an ad
ditional resting place.
The surplus manufacturers are forced
to foreign markets, displacing the do
mestic product and producing an in
evitable financial struggle, the settlement
of which no one may foresee. And the
man who is chosen to guide the destinies
of this great people through all of the
possibilities of the world's complex civ
ilization is engaged in the discharge of
the duties of the highest office known to
modern man.
By the past we may forecast the future.
The people of the United States for more
than a century have, in their selection of
Presidents, proved the possibility of self
government. The roll of chief magis
trates is one unbroken record of high
honor, statesmanship and personal dig
nity. Whatever may have been the po
litical struggle, whatever may have been
the issues upon which he was elected,
the man has always been the President
of the United States, rising above party
dogmas to the full appreciation of his
higher station, while the people in the
same manner have, without regard to
political affiliations, rendered him their
respectful and affectionate support and
homage.
This is the higher type of self-govern
ment. The clouds may lower, but the
tempest will spend Its force In vain bo
long as a united people are of such ma
terlal that they can select from among
themselves for their rulers men who will
not only command their respect and sup
port, but who can in peace or war, at
home or abroad, enforce the respect of
the world to the flag and the nation and
maintain our position of the grandest
republic of freemen upon the eartn.
Colonel Currier then reafl several
telegrams which had been received
from many prominent men regretting
that they were unable to attend the
banquet. Telegrams of greeting were
also numerous, some of them being
from sons of the order whose business
has carried them to reside in Europe.
The principal telegrams received were
the following:
Executive Department, Sacramento, Cal.,
Feb. 16, 1898.
William M. Bunker, Chairman Banquet
Committee "Sons of the American Rev
olution," San Francisco, Cstl.--lJi.-ar Sir:
I am in receipt of th<? Invitation of your
committee to meet with the "Bonn of the
American Revolution" on th«- «vf-ningj of
the 22d of February, to celebrate the an
niversary of the birth of Washington
and to renew the patriotic rni-tnorleß as
sociated with his name.
I regret exceedingly tIM />«rc<:HKlty which
compels me to decline thin invitation, and
hope that in doing so you will permit me
to express a wish that your meeting
proves a success and that your order
finds in it inspiration fur a renewed
growth.
The Revolution gave to thr- world its
greatest nation, an example of the possi
bilities of a free government, conceived
by the principle of equality before the
law, and for themselveH. a successful
government by themselves of a vastly
numerous people, Intent upon the broad
est liberty.
Guided by a discriminating Judgment,
you meet for the purpose of reviving the
memories of our fathers' struggle for in
dependence, on the anniversary of the
birth of the one man who, more than
any other, made possible the success of
the great cause for which they battled.
Washington was the great central figure
of the Revolution. He was the noble
character, around the impersonal
grandeur of which all factions could
gather, where petty strifes were har
monized, and where selfish ambitions
were shamed into inactivity.
Your society, organized from the de
scendants of our forefathers, who con
ceived our Government and realized its
existence, enjoys a splendid inheritance,
to be worthy of which demands of you
the highest standard of citizenship. You
have before you a great work, to take up
the burden of our broadly liberai society
where your fathers have laid it down,
and to carry it on. Your ancestors
achieved a liberty; yours is the obligation
to preserve it. They threw off the yoke
of a monarchy; see that its rule is not
succeeded by that of monopoly. They re
pudiated a nobility created by royal pa
tent: do not substitute for it the odious
aristocracy of wealth. They bequeathed
to us a Government so constituted that
all might participate alike in its privi
leges, should bear in equal proportion its
burdens, and should enjoy the equal pro
tection of its laws. These are the essen
tial principles which lie at the foundation
of our liberties; let these be jealously
guarded as our most sacred heritage.
Your mission is to uphold the constitu
tion, to preserve uncontaminated the prin
ciples asserted by our fathers, and trans
mit them unimpaired to our sons. While
the spirit of Washington, of Jefferson and
of Adams animates the breast of our citi
zenship, our institutions are safe, and we
will pursue our splendid destiny of illus
trating to the world the possibilities of a
free government.
The uneasy fears which at times dis
trusf our confidence in the future should
never dishearten, but should prepare us
to meet and solve the problems of the
future. The insiduous growth of per
nicious principles should be met by the
alert attention of patriotic interest. The
people informed as to their rights will de
mand that they be accorded them. It is
the mission of this country to impose
upon Its citizens an even proportion of
the burdens of its maintenance, and to
equally distribute its privileges; it is the
function of your association to see that
this foundation principle is faithfully ex
ecuted. That you will rise to your re
sponsibilities I confidently predict.
Please permit me to again thank you
for your appreciated invitation, and, with
the hope that your meeting proves the
success your noble purpose deserves, I
remain, yours truly,
JAMES H. BUDD.
PARIS, France. Feb. 22, 1898.
William M. Bunker: From the land of
Lafayette I send greeting to compatriots
in the land of Washington.
HORACE PORTER.
TRENTON. N. J., Feb. 22, 1898.
William M. Bunker: The State of New
Jersey, the camping ground, the forage
ground, the marching ground and the bat
tle ground of the Revolution, sends her
greeting to the descendants of our patri
otic sires on the natal day of the im
mortal Washington.
FOSTER M. VOORHEES.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Executive Department.
BOSTON, Feb. 22. 1898.
William M. Bunker, Esq.— My Dear Sir:
It gives me much pleasure to send across
the continent to the California Society of
the Sons of the American Revolution at
its banquet on the evening of February
22 the heartfelt greeting of the common
wealth of Massachusetts upon the oc
casion which they are commemorating.
The memory of this great son of the
Old Dominion is the equal possession of
all the States of the Union, and has
passed from the custody of the thirteen
original States along the Atlantic sea
board through the mighty valley of the
Mississippi to the States bordering the
Pacific. Distance aiid time only add lus
ter to his great name. Very truly yours,
ROGER WOLCOTT.
Mayor Phelan spoke at some length
on the magnificent patriotism which
has always been displayed by Ameri
can citizens. He said that the coun
try's great population for the most part
lived in cities, and that therefore the
interests and happiness of the people
were better served by a clean and hon
est municipal government than an oc
casional statute passed by Congress.
One of the principal concerns of this
country to-day is municipal reform,
and municipal patriotism is the only
power which can bring this about.
Great laughter was caused by the
Mayor addressing his audience as "la
dies." He, however, deftly turned the
error to account by saying that as
woman is the head of the household,
and households are a major part of
municipal care, the word "ladies"
sprang involuntarily to his lips.
Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
versity of California then spoke on the
"Practical Value of Patriotism." He
said: "The patriotism I mean is not
that which finds expression in noisy
declamation, nor in such a devotion to
present conditions as to render us
blind and deaf and dumb before the ex
perience of the world. The patriotism
of which I think is a strong, intelli
gent and far-sighted love of country; a
love of country that inspires us to keep
our hands clean of corruption, and our
minds fixed on lofty political ideals;
that moves us to work wisely and con
scientiously for the promotion of the
prosperity, the dignity and the glory
of the nation. It is patriotism of this
sort that constitutes the main element
of civic virtue; and It is only where
this virtue exists that popular govern
ment can be maintained."
The Consul-General for the Pacific
Coast of the French republic was next
introduced to the assemblage by Col
onel Currier. M. de Lalande made only
a short speech, but it drew volleys of
applause from his hearers. He said:
Mr. President and Gentlemen: The rep
resentative for the Pacific Coast of the
republic of France expresses his thanks
for the invitation with which the patri
otic association of the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution has honored him to-day.
It is more than a hundred years ago
that French officers, whose names have
remained engraven in history and in the
memory of the American nation, fought
valiantly in your ranks for your national
independence. They fought side by side
with your great liberator, George Wash
ington, whose glorious anniversary your
chosen society is to-day celebrating. I
do not think that any other nation's his
tory could present a name that would
shine with greater brilliancy.
Like Individuals, nations also have their
hours of trouble and anxiety and of sad
ness, but these moments pass away, as
also do the hours of triumph. What re
mains and is more lasting Is the con
sciousness which a nation acquires of its
own existence, of Its mission and of its
own dignity. The American people to
day represent one of the most powerful
nations of the world.
Conscious of this, it Is a treat proof
'■V :..- ADVERTISEMENTS^ -' j. : :
NOVELTY SILKS
For Spring, 1898.
We direct particular attention
this week to our elegant stock of
NOVELTY SILKS for spring and
summer wear, Our assortment Is
most complete and Includes the new-
est productions of the verg best
manufacturers,
Bayadere and Checked Taffetas.
Ombre Striped Effects in Taffetas.
Two-toned Checked Matlasse.
Basket Weaves in Jacqnard Effects.
Summer Plaid Taffetas.
Fancy Checked Taffetas.
New Effects in Foulards. , :
ISTOTE.
We will also have on sale this week an ele-
gant assortment of LADIES' TAFFETA SILK
SKIRTS in plaids, checks, stripes and plain
colors. - '
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
■ ..-..■ ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ . -■
you give to all of your greatness that
when you show to your friends that if
on the one hand you are prompt in
avenging an injustice, on the other you
know how not to forget past services. As
for me, what most particularly appeals
to me, it is your constant and faithful
remembrance of souvenirs recalling his
torical events already for so long in tne
Pa You may rest assured that in my coun
try these remarks of sympathy will be,
as they are here among the French col
ony in' California, heartily appreciated.
Rabbi Voorsanger followed the
French consul with a speech on The
Trinity of Political Independence,
which was listened to with great inter-
Warren Olney sent a note expressing
his regret that Illness prevented him
from being able to deliver his speech
which was on the programme with the
title of "Then and Now," and the
president called upon the Rev. Dr.
Theodore C. Williams to speak on the
subject of "The Federation of the
World."
Considerable hissing was the result
of Dr Williams' statement that the
diplomatic service of the United States
in the courts of Europe Is a shame and
a disgrace. American representatives
in other countries have never assumed
the proud position which they were
justified and bound In honor to assume
The speech excited no applause and
did not appear to find favor with the
audience.
An orchestra discoursed sweet music
during the evening and the banquet
was the most successful ever inaug
urated by the society.
WEST POINTERS
READY TO DINE
Circular Sent to Coast Gradu
ates of the U. S. Military
Academy.
The Banquet Will Take Place at One
of th« City Clubs on
March 16.
The 1898 dinner of West Point graduates
promises to be an important function.
Yesterday the following notice was sent
to West Pointers of this city and vicinity:
Fellow Graduates of . the United States Mili
tary Academy-On March 16. 1897. fifty-flve
graduates attended the Academy dinner at the
Pacific Union Club in this city. The occasion
was one of much pleasure to all present. ■ ana
It was then voted that a second anniversary
dinner should be . given on the same date in
1 The cost of dinner and Incidental expenses
was six dollars per plate, and it is expected
that this sum will serve the purpose this year,
provided the invitation is generally accepted. ■„
A postal card is inclosed, which each gradu
ate is requested to fill, announcing his accept
ance or : otherwise, and return with the least
possible delay. , " ' .! ; . '' * ' , ,
It is requested that each | graduate receiving
this circular may. take it upon himself to com
municate its contents and the invitation to
any graduate who, by Inadvertence, may not
be specially notified. This particularly applies
to • graduates temporarily sojourning on the
coast, whose addresses . are not known to \ the
committee. " . . '.. . "**
• The dinner will probably be given. at on* of
the clubs In this city, due notice of which will
be ■ communicated. : f - "• ■
It is desired that every graduate, residing,
or temporarily .sojourning.; on or.near the Pa
cific Coast, may .be pleased !to attend.' • It . 18
likely -to be an occasion : of great and mutual
pleasure In the way of promoting good fellow
ship, and It has a. higher value In stimulating
our pride and affection for our Alma Muter to
which we owe our careers,! and from which wo
believe , our country, hit* | received a good re
ward for her fostering care, _.' . •
i The following committee is appointed by the
chairman :s George 11. Cosby, <■!«»» ':,2: o P.
Greene, class .'54 • Mi\ '"us V --Viler "Inns '»|
J. L. Rathb. ne. class '6;,; n.H Randolph, cI«M
"70: Charles O. Starr, class : "?S! j. K. (Hunol*.
class '79:; J. E: Nolan, claim 'S6: J. 1 D Mll«r,
class ! '87; '■ 8. A. . Cloman, class '$9; Qeorß« ' 11.
Men. lei!, chairman.
Low's Horehound Coufh Syrup cur*a
bronchi Us; prlco 10c. 117 Sanaomo at. •
VETERAN FIREMEN.
They Honor Their New Officers and
the Native Daughters.
Pioneer Hall was crowded on Monday
to its utmost by those who were fortun
ate enough to have received an invita
tion to the ball and banquet given by
the Veteran Firemen's Association in
honor of the installation of the officers
fir the current term and of the Native
Daughters who, on the day after the
Jubilee parade, had entertained the mem
bers of the association.
Of the Daughters there were thirty
three, three from each of the local par
lors, and during the evening they were
specially honored.
From S o'clock until 10:30 there was
dancing in the main hall, and during in
termission Joe Marshall, the retiring pres
ident, was, by Senator Sumner on behalf
of the association, presented with a hand
some gold badge in recognition of the
members' appreciation of him. The old
veteran via; unable to respond, but the
iKippy smile upon his wrinkled face
showed plainly the gratification the p.es
entaUon gave him.
More than 400 persons sat down to the
very fine banquet that had been pro
vided, and it was long after the hour of
midnight before the orchestra played
"Home, Sweet Home."
The affair was under the direction of
John Foley, Joe Satchbill and J. W.
Kenny, the committee of arrangements,
and J. Berolzheim was the floor manager,
aesisted by J. H. Riley, F. Terramore and
B. Barman.
Elevator Boys Strike.
The rumor of a strike of the employes
of the Emporium proved upon investiga*
tlon to be only a strike of tho elevatof
boys employed there. The boys went on
a strike on Saturday night, for what
cause it is not known. The management
secured a lot of new boys and broke them
in on Sunday and Monday morning the
elevators were running as smoothly aa
usual.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
GOOD
uuuu
HEALTH
Is the working . capital of humanity. He who
loses that is wrecked indeed. Is • your health
failing you, ■ your strength, ambition, vigor,
manliness wasting away?
+t*SFAtl c
DR. SWEANY.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Dt«en««»of Men and Women.
YOl'N<l MXV Unnatural drains, caused
through abuses, errors of youth or txcesses,
aulckiy and permanently . stopped. __^
He rcntoros lout vlpor nnd vitality to WEAK
jivv,- ore^ns of the body which, have been
wrnkoned '»"<' art' smnll or shrunken through
illae*M overwork, HOMW or Indiscretions an
restored to -perfect honlth. strength, full powei
ami vitnlltv- through -his -new nnd original ays-
KST«Wm»I IMirTUHKcurea by hli
new method, -.without. knife..: truss or detention
tram work." 1 n ' i<i»lnlei>!«. sure and permanent
',, VAUICOCKI.K. hydrocele. swelling and
tan.l»rn«M of 'tho Elanda i treated with unfall-
|niri«uc«la, sv I'll I I.l* in any of its stager
thoroughly eradicated ..from the system.
1 \IMI ■ will receive special attention for all
their many ailments. WRITE <if < you cannot
'V'ONHM.i ATION FKKK at office or bj
letter. A valuable book. "Guide to Health."
frf>e *F. I^B\VEANY l _M.-D..7S7 1 Market si.
opp.-:-ar*Qt:«v«. > San Francisco, ' CaL - • ■