VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 23.
TROOPS DISEMBARK WHILE
SAMPS SHELLS THE SHORE
GEN. SHAFTER
THE MILITARY
MAN OF ACTION
Supplies a Storn)y Diversion for the
Enemy to Cover the Debarka
tion of rj is F orce -
American Warships Engage the Spanish (31ong
the Coast, While Insurgents flttacK iQ
the Hear.
) Special Cable to the Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett. <
| SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 22-Major General i
I William R. Shafter is a man of action. He began disem- !
> barking his men from transports at Baiquiri and Juragua j
j at noon to-day. In an incredibly short time nearly all ;
\ those who are to be used at Santiago were on shore. !
Baiquiri. one of the places of landing, is about fifteen miles east of Santiago, and the bay
is large and well protected. Juragua. on the Bay of Baconao, is a place nearer to the destination of
the troops. It is only twelve miles from Santiago and has a smaller harbor than that of Baiquiri.
YViu'lf the troops were going ashore the ships of -Admiral Sampson's squadron threw shells
into several places in the neighborhood where the Spaniards were reported to have massed to at
tempt to prevent the landing. A large body of Cubans worked valiantly in the rear of the Span
iards, and when the first bodies of our troops reached land and began to shoot they very quickly
drove the enemy into the hands of the insurgents.
The battle-ship Texas took a lively part in the work, and took the minds of a great many
Spaniards away from the scene by throwing shells into Mazamono, twenty miles west of Baiquiri,
and into the west batteries of Cabanas. One man on the Texas, whose name I could not learn,
was killed..
This was intended as a diversion and was a most successful one, as the greater part of the
Spanish forces evidently were mistaken as to the places chosen for the landing.
General Shafter's plan of invasion involved, first, an attack on Manterola, west of Santi
ago, by the Cubans under General Rabi; second, the shelling of the Mazamorra blockhouse by the
warships, and, third, the shelling of the hills overlooking every cove where a landing might be
effected east of the harbor. A group consisting of coal transports was formed to the west to lead
the Spaniards into believing that a landing would take place there as soon as Mazamorra was
taken.
At daybreak the enemy saw the counterfeit transports sailing- to the west, but they did not
see the transports coming in from the east, the latter gathering off Baconao. With them was one
battle-ship and one cruiser, the gunboats Helena, St. Louis and Suwanee and several auxiliary
yachts to cover the landing. Fires began to blaze in the town, showing the Spaniards were de
stroying it.
It was a beautiful day. The water was smooth. The boats were towed beside the tran
sports whose troops were to go first. The decks of the transports, now forty hours off Santiago,
were crowded with troops, impatient to land. Spanish riflemen dotted the hills.
The strategic game opened at 8 o'clock this morning. General Rabi's 2000 Cubans at
tacked the Spanish at Mazamorra. The Texas at the same time ran close in shore and opened fire
on the blockhouse in the back part of Cabanas Bay. The Estrella battery opened on the Texas.
The Spanish shots came near, for the range was short.
The Texas silenced the battery in forty minutes. A Spanish field battery ran down the
beach and opened on the Texas. It was driven off by the rapid-fire guns. Again it opened and
again it was driven off.
In the meantime the Spanish and Cubans were hotly engaged and the noise of fierce rifle
firing was heard. Cervera's ships in the harbor opened on the Cubans on a plateau at the little
Bay of Julici, where is the hut that William M. Tweed lived in when he landed in Cuba.
A yacht believed to be the Scorpion began firing to the hills, and as another diversion the
slopes and harbor of Juragua were shelled by the Helena, Newport and Bancroft and the yacht
Vixen. Shrapnel burst all over the hillsides and the Spanish riflemen fled.
Still another diversion was created when the battle-ship left the convoy and returned to
the fleet. Sampson, leaving Schley in command, ordering him to smash Cervera if he came out
of the harbor, steamed down to Baconao to superintend the naval part of the disembarkation.
The .gunboats continued to rake the shore. The lowa took a hand and engaged the water bat
teries beneath Morro, silencing them. The gunboats continued raking Juragua with shells. The
Texas kept on firing and so did the Scorpion. The ships stretched for many miles in line of battle.
The Xew York opened on Baconao, clearing the beach.
Bugle calls rang over the water. The troops clambered into the boats and began landing.
REENFORCEMENTS SOON
WILL BE UNDER WAY.
Regiment and One Battalion Ordered
to Board Ships at Newport
News.
WASHINGTON* June 22.— The for
warding of reinforcements to General
Shafter at Santiago de Cuba has be- |
gun and at 9 o'clock this morning the
first body of troops left Camp Alger
for Newport News, there to take trans- |
ports for Cuba. This was in accord- j
ance with orders issued by Major Gen- j
eral Miles last night, directing th» \
movement to begin to-day. The ordor ,
was to Major General Graham, com
manding the Second Army Corps,
camped at Falls Church, and is as fol
lows:
With the approVal of. the Secretary of I
The San Francisco Call
War you will detail Brigadier General
Duffleld and one regiment and one bat
talion of another regiment of hi.s com
mand to proceed to-morrow morning by
rail to Newport News, v->..v ->.. with ten
days' travel rations. On nis arrival at
Newport News General Duffleld will go
on board one of the auxiliary cruisers
now awaiting to transport his command
to Santiago de Cuba. I'pon arrival at
that place they will be reported to Major
General Shnfter, commanding the I'nitr I
States forces there. The troops will carry
complete camp equipments and full sup
plies of ammunition for field service. It
is understood not to exceed six horses
can be taken on board the ship.
N. A. MILES.
Major General Commanding.
Other orders will follow. The first
movement is confined to one regiment
and one battalion because it was nec
essary to divide General Duffleld's
command In order to meet the accom
modations of the transports Harvard
and Yale, the facilities of one being
considered greater than those of the
other.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE S3, 1898.
f The Twenty-third Michigan and one
I battalion of the Thirty-fourth Michi
gan were selected to go first, this d'
| tachment comprising 1350 men and
: fifty-three officers. It is expected that
; they will board the Harvard. The re
■ maining regiments and batalions ,-f
; General Dulneld's command will leave
on Saturday next, taking the Yql?.
, The entire expedition will then proceed
; under command of General DufFie\d,
| whose brigade consists of the Ninth
: Massachusetts, the Thirty-third and
Thirty-fourth Michigan and the Third
Virginia regiments.
Found Hanging in a Shed.
JAMESTOWN. June 22.— J. R. Camp
bell of Coultervillf killed himself last
ninht. and this morning his body was
found hanging in a shed at the Gross
man House at Coultervllle. He was a
native of Illinois and had been In Mari
tiosa County for many years. He has
been despondent for some time on ac
count of the loss of a lawsuit which was
recently decided.
SCENE AT ThjE COUNCIL OF WAR HELD MONDAY AT ASERRADERO BETWEEN
SHAFTER AND GARCIA AND ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
DID MANILA
SURRENDER
TO DIEDRICHS?
Doubtful Report of an Occu
pation by Crews of
Foreign Ships.
German Admiral Said to Com
mand Forces in Possession
of the. City.
LONDON, June 23. — The Daily News
publishes a statement alleged to come from
a correspondent having access to reliable
information that the occupation of Manila
by parts of the crews of foreign warships
there is an accomplished fact, although it
may probably be three or four days before
the official news arrives by way of Hong
kong.
The communication proceeds
to say: "Over a month ago Ad
miral Dewey prepared to bom
! bard Manila. At this juncture,
however, a new factor was added
to the situation. The German
Consul, acting on precise instruc
tions, which had just arrived
by the German warship Irene,
strongly opposed a bombard
ment. These instructions were
clear and categorical and ema
nated directly from Emperor Wil
liam's Cabinet.
"It was then that Admiral
Dewey asked for re-enforcements
and supplied Aguinaldo with
arms. While Germany gathered
a naval force the intention at Ber
lin was, if not to take possession
of Manila, at least to co-operate
in the landing, Admiral Devvey's
force not being sufficient to pro
tect German interests. Captain-
General August) had on his part
informed his Government of the
situation and several interviews
took place at Madrid with the
German Embassador, the result
being that it was decided that
Captain-General Augusti should
appeal to the foreign warships at
Manila, excluding the Americans,
Continued on Second Page.
LANDING
UNDER FIRE
OF SHIPS
Shafter Cables Tfynt b\e Is
Meeting but Little
Resistance.
One Mao Kjll e d on the Texas in
an Engagement WitJ) tlpe
ports.
WASHINGTON, June 22. — Official dispatches received to
night by both Secretary Alger and Secretary Long indicated
that the landing of troops near Santiago was progressing most
favorably. The first landing was effected at Baiquiri this morn
ing and with comparatively slight resistance. This was stated
in a dispatch received this evening by Secretary Alger, which,
though brief, was full of news and meaning. It follows:
■-B-B- B- B- B -B -B- B- B-B B-B -B -B- B- B -B -B -B-B-B
■ PLAYA DEL ESTE, June 22. «
■ Secretary oF War, Washington. j
a OFF BAIQUIRI, Cuba, June 22. — Landing at ■
B Baiquiri this morning successful. Very little, if b
9 any, resistance. SHAFTER. a
B-B-B- B- B- B -B -B- B- B-B - - B-B- B- B- B -B -B- B- B-B fl
Secretary Alger expressed himself as delighted at the expe
dition with which the landing of the troops was being effected
and with the fact that no serious obstacle was being offered by
the enemy. He construed the text of General Shafter's message
to mean that the enemy had made merely a nominal and in-
effective resistance by firing from the hills at long range.
Shortly after Secretary Alger received this dispatch Secre
tary Long received a more extended cablegram from Admiral
Sampson. It, too, was dated at Playa del Este at 6:50 o'clock
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
this evening. The text of the dispatch, translated from the Navy
Department cipher, is as follows:
m Landing of the army is progressing favorably ■
■ at Baiquiri. There is very little, if any, resistance. m
The New Orleans, Detroit, Castine, Wasp and Su- _
waneeshelled the vicinity beforethe landing. We
made a demonstration at Cabanas to engage the B
■ attention of the enemy. The Texas engaged the ■
■ west battery for some hours. She had one man ■
B killed. Ten submarine mines have been recov- E
_ ered from the channel of Guantanamo. Commu- I
nication by telegraph has been established at
7 Guantanamo. SAMPSON. 7
■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■ -■-■ -■--■-■-■- H-B-B- ■
In both army and navy circles the information contained in
the dispatches of General Shatter and Admiral Sampson was re
ceived with intense satisfaction. The landing of so large a body
of troops as General Shafter at present has under his command
is a task of immense proportions. A prominent official of the
War Department said to-night the complete debarkation of the
troops, animals and field guns and supplies within a week after
their arrival off the Cuban coast would be a task well accom
plished. It is probable, in the opinion of the officer referred J:o,
that only a partial landing of the troops was effected to-day,
and that the landing will be continued from day to day until
completed. It is not unlikely, too, that the troops will be landed
at several places along the coast, of course within a short dis
tance of the headquarters which General Shafter will establish
for himself.
Admiral Sampson's dispatch indicated that he was carrying
out his instructions thoroughly to clear a way for the landing of
troops. The demonstration which he made with the Texas be
fore Cabanas, which is just west of Santiago, may easily have led
the Spaniards to suppose that a general landing was to be at
tempted in that immediate vicinity. It was evident from the text
of Admiral Sampson's dispatch that a landing had already been
effected near Guantanamo, as he noted that communication by
telegraph had been re-established at this point, and that the
channel had been cleared of submarine mines.
In the opinion of naval officers the landing at Guanta
namo was of marines rather than of land forces. The cable
station through which the American commanders will communi
cate with the departments in this city has been established, as
shown by the dates of the dispatches received this evening, at
Playa del Este, a small place directly on the coast and about
fifteen miles east of Santiago. The change was made from Camp
McCalla to Playa del Este in order that the station might be
nearest the scene of action.
CONTINUOUS FIGHTING •(
MAY BE EXPECTED j
Spaniards Likely to Oppose the Ad
vance of the Troops to San
tiago.
NEW YORK. June 22.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: The important messages
summarizing the situation near Santia
go received this evening by the secre
taries of War and Navy respectively,
were highly gratifying to those gentle
men. Secretary Alger expressed satis
faction when copies were laid before
him. There will be no delay in the for
warding of troops. General Shafter's
instructions do not permit him to re
main idle and thus give the enemy time
to strengthen his position and lay am
bushes for the troops.
The landing place is connected by
road with Buquirl. two miles away,
which is connected with Santiago de
Cuba by railroad. Over the bed of this
road— no doubt exists that the tracks
have been destroyed— the supplies for
the troops will be sent, while the men
themselves, taking advantage of the
topography of the country, will cover
as quickly as possible the fifteen miles
between them and Santiago. It is not
believed that a forward movement will
be attempted hr.<r,r P to-morrow morn
ing at daybreak, so the troops, resting
on their arms to-night, will probably
have to resist the bushwhacking tac
tics which were practiced on the ma
rines at Ouantanamo.
It is stated by well Informed army
strategists that at least three days will
expire befor i the army reaches San
tiago de Cuba and begins active opera
tions against the enemy. General
Shafter will not attempt to hurry his
men and it is probable that between
the hours of 11 and 3 during the day
the men will be given an oppor
tunity to rest, while their Cuban allies
keep the Spaniards at a distance. The
Cubans will be employed as advance
guards so as to expose any ambushes
that the Spapiards may lay. Active,
continuous fighti-g may, therefore, be
expected hourly from the time the
troops begin their march toward San
tiago until the city is In their hands.
In the meantime Rear Admiral
Sampson's ships will not be idle. It is
understood it will be their duty to de
stroy every vestige of fortifications
within reach of their guns and block
ade the harbor so closely as to pre
vent the escape of Cervera's ships.
CREWS OF THE PRIZE
SHIPS TO BE FREED
Will Be Surrendered to the Embas
sadors of France and Aus
tria.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The At
torney General has decided to sur
render to the Embassadors of France
and Austria, as the diplomatic repre
sentatives of Spain, the non-combat
ants and crews of the prize merchant
vessels captured by ships of our navy
since the declaration of war. The
representatives of Spain here were
communicated with and their consent
obtained to receive the prisoners and
ship them back to Spain.
Events at Mare Island.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD, June
22. — Lieutenant Evans has been placed
in command of the Government tug
Unadilla, relieving Captain Montague,
who will resume command of the tug
Nellie. The men at the yard will be
paid to-morrow, $50,000 having been
brought to-day for the purpose. The
gunboat Grant has sailed for San
Francisco.
A recent order raises the monthly
pay of marines 20 per cent. The in
crease, which began on April 26, will
continue as long as the war lasts. A
large quantity of stores, received from
the East on Tuesday, are now being
placed in the store house at the yard.
Peytral to Form a Cabinet.
PARIS, June 22.— President Faure has
Invited M. Paul Louis Peytral to form a
Cabinet which shall be representative of
the different republican factions.
Advances made on furnltur* and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GLAD THEY HAVE BEEN
CALLED INTO SERVICE.
Volunteers of the Eighth California
Hail With Delight the Must
ering Order.
PETALUMA. June 22.— Company C
of this city received an order to-day to
be prepared to leave the armory at a
moment's notice to proceed to a place
of bivouac. The outside members were
immediately sent for and are arriving
In town, and will be quartered in the
armory. A squad of twenty men from
San Leandro who enlisted in the com
pany arrived to-night. The company
is fully equipped, and the luggage is
being packed. The physical examina
tion will be begun on Thursday morn
ing by local physicians. There are 120
men on the rolls. No married men ex
cept Lieutenant A. H. Cassiday, com
manding, will be taken by the com
pany. Many members of Company H
of Napa, which was not taken by the
call, are Glamoring for admission into
Company C.
A sensation has been caused here by
the resignation of Captain Thomas
Maclay, for the past six years com
mander of Company C. He is a strong
personal friend of Colonel D. B. Fair
banks, and is City Clerk and cashier of
the Wickersham Bank. Although
noted for his fearlessness, he for busi
ness reasons did not volunteer, and
some time ago sent his resignation to
headquarters. There are many candi
dates for the captaincy.
Company C has Just returned from a
practice march to Point Pedro, thirty
miles from here, and over a rugged
road. It spent two days at Camp
Dickson. where regular military duties
were observed. The men stood the trip
well. On the return they were met a
mile below town by an escort of twenty
members under Second Lieutenant
Emerson, and the company military
band, and escorted to the armory,
where an impromptu reception was
held.
SANTA ROSA. June 22.— Quite a fu
ror was created here to-day when word
was received that Company E was
called out. At 1 o'clock all bells in the
city were rung and all the whistles
blown to notify members of the com
pany of their good fortune. This even
ing the company in full uniform
marched to the train to meet Captain
Hart-en, who came from San Fransico.
The company consists of 103 officers
and men. To-night a big demonstration
was held at the armory under the aus
pices of the Red Cross Society. Patri
otic music and an address by Jay "Wil
liam Hudson were the features. The
boys will be given an ovation when
they leave.
SAN RAFAEL, June 22.— The mem
bers of Company D are elated over
their call to the front, and all day the
armory was filled with a crowd making
preparation to go. It is believed the
company can leave by Friday. The
members assembled this evening for
physical examination at the call of
Captain William Elliott. Tomales has
risen in patriotic fervor and subscribed
$50 for the boys' assistance in getting
ready. Other donations are expected
WOODLAND, June 21.— Members of
Company F are watching anxiously
the developments in the organization
of the regiment which is California's
quota under the second call for volun
teers. They are anxious to enlist as a
body in the United States service, and
there will be a great disappointment if
they are not ordered out. There are
about 125 names on the roll and there
seems to be no doubt that a sufficient
number of them will pass examination
to enable the company to be mustered
in at the maximum strength.
GRANTS REWARDS TO
OFFICERS AND MEN
Blanco Recognizes the Valor of Span
iards Who Resisted Attacks on
the Pinar del Bio Coast.
Special cable to Thx Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
- HAVANA, June Under the decree
giving up concentration 1378 persons
have left Guiramelena since June 19 to
cultivate ' their plantations.
General Blanco has granted rewards
to thfc officers and soldiers who on April
29 repelled the landing of insurgent
supplies at Herradura, Pinar del : Rio
Province. He also proposes to reward
lieutenants in the navy : and infantry
and other military men who defended
Carboneras and Fort Matanzas on May
6 and 7 and who on June 13 prevented
a landing at Banes, Pinar del Rio
Province. --,;■- ; ....... jß. ar^|Aw"j l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 23, 1398.
CERVERA MAY MAKE
A DESPERATE DASH
Said to Be Willing to Risk a Fight
in Order to Get Away With
Some of His Ships.
NEW YORK, June 22. — A special dispatch from Santiago de Cuba, June
20, via Kingston, Jamaica, to-day, says that Cubans have brought information
to Admiral Sampson that Admiral Cervera is prepared to make a desperate
effort to take his ships out of Santiago harbor at the first favorable opportunity.
The Spanish warships, it is reported, have been coaled to their full capacity and
the crew? are refused shore leave. Every night the vessels drop down the bay
to be prepared to embrace the first favorable opportunity to attempt a dash
past the blockading squadron. It is said to be the Spanish admiral's hope to
save at least a portion of his ships from capture, and, in a fight, to sink sorqe
of the American craft.
ALGER AND LONG ARE NOT IN ACCORD.
Secretary of War Insinuates That Sampson Blocked the
Channel to Avoid a Fight With Cervera.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washineton, June 22.
Regarding the suggestion that the wrecked Merrimac did not effectively
block the channel, and that there was grave danger of Cervera making a des
perate dash at night with his ships, in the hope of escape or destroying some
transports, Secretary Alger expressed the hope the 'channel was no", blocked,
in order that our own ships might force an entrance and demolish the Spanish
squadron. He said he would not give a cent for an enemy that feared to take
so-called "desperate" chances to inflict injuries to an antogonist. War was a
matter of desperate chances, he said, and brave men could not hesitate on ac
count of mere dangers involved.
This frank statement will hardly be relished by Secretary Long, who has
just written a letter to Constructor Hobson commending not only his bravery,
but hi? effective work. There appears, also, to be lack of harmony between the
two departments. Secretary Alger, who has been criticized by naval officers
for slowness in moving troops, seizes this chance to retaliate by criticizing
Admiral Sampson's attempt to block the harbor channel.
It is easy to read between the lines of his interview. He seeks covertly to
convey the impression that Sampson attempted to block the channel in order
to obviate the. necessity of entering the harbor to give battle to Cervera. Ad
miral Sampson's cablegram of Monday stating that the Merrimac will not pre
vent the egress of Spanish warships was confirmed to-day by the receipt of the
message of Assistant Engineer Crank, who also expresses that opinion.
IN FAVOR OF
AN ALLIANCE
Lansdowne Approves
Chamberlain's Views.
WAR SECRETARY'S SPEECH
ADVOCATES CLOSED FRIEND-
SHIP WITH AMERICA.
Results That May Follow the Change
of Sentiment That Has Come
Over the Two Coun
tries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 22.— The Marquis of
Lansdowne, Secretary of State for War,
addressed the Conservative Unions of
London to-day, indorsed the recent
speech of the Secretary of State for the
Colonies, in which Mr. Chamberlain ex
pressed the hope that the day would
come when the stars and stripes and
the union jack would wave together
over an Anglo-Saxon alliance.
Lord Lansdowne said he found noth
ing in Mr. Chamberlain's speech to of
fend the common sense of the patriot
ism of Great Britain.
"We should be wanting in foresight,
he continued, "if we failed to realize
that the time might come when our
revenues would no longer flow so freely,
when the British taxpayer would grow
weary of building more and more bat
tleships and raising more and more
battalions, and when, whether we liked
it or not, we might have to consider
whether we could afford to stand
alone."
Lord Lansdowne insisted that it was
in the highest degree desirable that the
colonies should be encouraged to take a
more active share in the defense of the
empire. There was nothing ridiculous
in the idea of a closer friendship with
America. To his mind, there could be
no more inspiring ideal than that such
understanding between two nations
sprung from the race and having so
many common interests— nations which
together would be predominant in the
world's commerce and industry.
Was there anything preposterous, lje
asked, in the hope that these two na
tions should be found, he would not say
in a hard and fast alliance, of offense
and defense, but closely connected in
their diplomatic relations, absolutely
frank and unreserved in their interna
tional councils 'and ready wherever the
affairs of the world were threatening
with disturbance to throw their influ
ence in the same scale?
"Depend upon it," said he, in conclu
sion, "these are no mere idle dreams or
hazy Inspirations. The change which
has come over the sentiment of each
COAST LINE ABOUT SfINTIfIGO, SHOWING PLACES MfIDE
INTERESTING BY THE OPERATIONS OF THE
AMERICAN ARMY AND NAVY.
Troops Were Landed at Baiqulri and Juragua, the Latter a pew
Miles West of Balquiri, by General Shjafter Yesterday While Sort)e
of the Srjips of Sampsor/s Fleet Diverted the Attention of the
Spaniards by Shelling Cabanas.
country toward the other during: the
last year or two is almost immeasur
able. One can scarecly believe that
they are the same United States with
whom, only two years ago, we were on
the verge of a serious quarrel. The
change is not an ephemeral under
standing between diplomats, but a
genuine desire of the two peoples to be
friends ->nd to forsee it cannot be
laughed out of existence by the sort
of comments we have lately heard."
DID MANILA
SURRENDER TO
DIEDRICHS ?
Continued from First Page.
to protect the lives and property
of the inhabitants against the in
surgents.
"It was an indirect act of ca
pitulation, while sparing Spanish
amour propre. There is no doubt
\i!miral yon Diedrichs has taken
command of the forces landed,
although he has not taken pos
session in behalf of Germany. But
will he, when the American re
enforcements arrive, be willing to
allow his forces to re-embark?
The whole question lies there."
GERMAN PAPERS AND
THE PHILIPPINES
LONDON, June 23.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Times, commenting
on the continued discussion of the
Philippine question, says: "There would
be a storm of indignation in the Ger
man press if the United States were
to become master of the Philippines
while Germany got nothing. In the
view of many German politicians, any
thing would be better than that, and
they would even prefer to see the in
tervention of several European powers
to protect the life and property of their
subjects from the rebels, followed by
the acquisition of a naval station for
each of them.
"There is, in fact, a strong inclination
to repeat the Chinese drama at Kiao
chau wherever an opportunity is
afforded. Relatively, to what Germany
already possesses, she has everything
to gain by such a policy of fair shares
all around. There can, however, be
little doubt that no European power or
combination of powers will venture to
prevent the United States and Great
Britain from settling the future of the
Philippines conjointly, or at least un
der the Protection of their conjoint
naval forces. Continental opinion would
not only speedily acknowledge the
strength of an Anglo-American naval
alliance, but would be practically
unanimous against incurring the risk
of the commercial consequences of a
breach with the United States."
DEPEW'S VIEW
HAS CHANGED
Now Thinks Colonizing
Necessary.
MUST HOLD OUR CONQUESTS
NEW CONDITIONS NECESSITATE
NEW POLICY.
Says We Will "Have to Paint Our
White Elephant Brown and
Teach Him to
Work."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 22.— Chauncey M.
Depew has partly recanted his opposi
tion to imperialism as the result of the
latest war developments. During his
sojourn he has had unusual opportuni
ty to learn the sentiment of politicians
and of the public. He will return to
New York by the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse on Friday.
Requested by the correspondent of
the Associated Press to summarize his j
views of French and English opinion I
on war questions, Mr. Depew said:
"The sentiment in France is about |
what it would be in the United States
if England and France were fighting,
and every paper in the United States
were daily abusing the French, de
nouncing the injustice of their going to
war, picturing them as a race of rob
bers, shopkeepers and pigs, declaring
that England was poor and the undar
dog, and holding up France as actuated
by nothing but a pure brute desire to
steal England's property.
"That's what all the papers but
three are doing in France. When we
also consider that France and Spain
are both of the Latin race, and of the
same religion, and that Frenchmen
have hundreds of millions invested in
Spain, we need not be surprised that
the feeling there is practically unani
mous against us. I think only one man
prevents the feeling taking acute form.
That is M. Hanotaux. the Minister of
Foreign Affairs. But for him, the
French Chamber of Deputies might
have taken action, openly siding with
Spain.
"There is no doubt that had Maniia
been a Spanish victory there would
have been an illumination of Paris. It
was on account of this sentiment thai
I endeavored to give the causes of the
war when the Temps and Matin asked
for Interviews. T was told it was a rev
elation to the French and led to a ma
terial modification of French opinion.
They had not heard our side before."
When the talk turned on England,
the interviewer suggested that the sym
pathies of the British aristocracy were
largely with the Spanish. Mr. Depew
said he had not found them so.
"I have met with many of them dur
ing my visit," he added, "and found
them all enthusiastically with us. That
is the best test. The majority of the
people do not want a mere under
standing; they want a hard and fast
alliance. If Continental Europe inter
venes on the side of Spain Great Brit
ain would go so far as we were willing
to make an alliance."
Asked if his opinion on imperial pol
icy had changed, Mr. Depew replied:
"There are difficulties in my position
which did not exist when I took it up.
New conditions are arising all the
while with the progression of the war
which make it difficult to keep out or
get out of this colonizing business.
We must take into view the temper of
our people, who would certainly never
give any colonies back to Spain. The
transferring of any of them to a Eu
ropean power would lead to a Euro
pean war in sixty days. It looks
as though we would have to paint our
white elephant brown and teach him to
work."
PLATFORMS AND TICKETS
IN VARIOUS STATES
Democrats of Indiana Express TJn
diminished Confidence in
Bryan.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 22.— The State
Democratic convention met in Tomltn
son Hall at 10:30 o'clock this morning.
The convention is made up of 1528 dele
gates. United States Senator David
Turpie presided and M. Bristow was
elected secretary. There were only two
contests before the committee on cre
dentials, and they were quickly dis
posed of.
The platform contains a plank advo
cating decreased tariffs. It also ex
presses "undiminished confidence" in
William J. Bryan.
All the nominations were unanimous,
the ticket selected being as follows:
Secretary of State, Samuel M. Ral
ston, Boone County; Auditor of State,
John W. Miner, Marlon County; Treas
urer of State, Hugh Dougherty, Well
County; Attorney General, John D. Mc-
Nutt, Vigo County; Clerk of Supreme
Court, Henry Warrum, Marion County;
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
W. B. Sinclair, Starke County; State
Statistician, James S. Guthrie, Bmwn
County; State Geologist, Edward Bar
ret, Kendrickson County.
ABERDEEN, S. D., June 22.— State
conventions of the Democrats, Popu
lists and Silver Republicans met here
to-day. Platforms were adopted prac
tically on the same lines oy the three
conventions. The platforms favor the
free coinage of silver, oppose the issu
ance of bonds in times of either peace
or war, oppose banks of issue and fa
vor Government issuance of all money".
The war with Spain is approved and
its energetic prosecution is demanded.
The election of Supreme Judges by the
people is demanded and injunctions by
the Federal courts are denounced. The
equal suffrage plank was eliminated
after a hot fight.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 22.—
For Governor, ex-Congressman Justine
R. Whiting of St. Clair, Democrat; for
Lieutenant Governor, Michael F. Mc-
Donald of Sault Ste. Marie, Democrat;
for Secretary of State. L. E. Lockwood
of Coldwater, Populist; for Auditor
General, John L. Frisbie of Hillsdale,
Silver Republican: for State Treasurer,
Dr. Edgar Smith of Detroit, Democrat;
for Attorney General, Royal A. Hawley
of lonia, Silver Republican; for Land
Commissioner, Carlton Peck of Lapeer,
Populist; for Superintendent of Public
Instructions, Mrs. Florence Renkes of
Barry County, Silver Republican; for
member State Board of Education,
George E. Wllletts of Calhoun County,
Populist.
The foregoing ticket was nominated
to-day by the State conventions of the
Democrats, Populists and Silver Re
publicans of Michigan. It represents
an equal distribution between the three
parties. The ticket was ratified in
joint convention to-night.
Three Brigadiers Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. June 22.-The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
To be brigadier generals— Henry V
Boynton, District of Columbia; Adelbert
Ames, Massachusetts; Joseph W Plum
New Jersey.
To be commissary with rank of cap
tain—N. T. Meseer of California
To be first lieutenant-P. J. Reddy of
Ohio.
DOES NOT
BLOCK THE
CHANNEL
Hull of t\)e Merrimac Is
Swung Round by tl^e
Tide.
Engineer Craok Explains Why
Brave H°kson's Missior) Was
Not a Success.
NEW YORK, June 22.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following- Notwithstanding the heroic
attempt made by Assistant Naval Con
structor Hobson and the men under his
command to "bottle up ' Cervera's fleet
in the harbor of Santiago, the success
that us:ua.)y attends the brave did not
reward their efforts. Assistant Engineer
R. K. Crank, who was the senior engi
neer of the collier Merrimac, testifies
to this fact in an interesting letter
which has been received by an officer
on duty in the Navy Department.
"From the bearings of the Merrimac
(whose mast and smoke pipe could be
plainly seen) taken in the afternoon,"
he says, "it appears that she is lying
with her bow to seaward just above
Estrella Point, with her stern swung
around until she lies almost parallel
to the direction of the channel. From
the fact that she is completely sub
merged except her masts and smoke
pipe, it would seem she is sunk some
little distance from the right bank.
However, she is not lying across the
channel. So far as blocking the chan
nel, the attempt cannot be said to be
successful. It is probable the anchor
on the starboard quarter carried the
stoppers on the chain and also the bitts,
which were not very securely fastened
in the deck. And the chain must have
cut through the rail as far as the mid
ship section of the ship. This would
have permitted the stern to swing en
tirely around until the ship lay up and
down the channel."
As Mr. Crank assisted in putting the
Merrimac in condition to perform the
valuable service for which she was se
lected, his statements on this point are
interesting because of their accuracy.
He writes:
"All the preparations were made
with the greatest haste, as it was de
sired to send the ship before daybreak
on the morning of the 2d. One of the
ship's life boats was to be towed from
a line amidships on the starboard side.
Mr. Hobson wished to creep in, ap
proach the entrance from the westward
until he could shape his course, as
nearly as possible, directly for Estrella
Point. He wished to put the bow of
the ship near this point and then swing
across the channel abreast of this
point. When the ship was near enough
in his judgment, the bonnets were to
be knocked off, and the sea valves and
engines stopped. The helm was to be put
hard to port and the starboard bower
anchor let go. This would swing the
ship across the channel and check her
headway. When she had swung far
enough the quarter anchor was to be
let go to check her, and the mines ex
ploded. The strong flood tide was re
lied on to heel the ship to port and as
sist in sinking her. The powder
charges were about thirty-five feet
apart and ten feet below the water
line. The admiral was aboard until
nearly daylight. Signals to the men at
the anchors were to be given by means
of a rope attached to their wrists and
leading to the bridge. It was the in
tention for ,-übson to remain on the
bridge until he felt the ship settle.
The other men as soon as each had
done the duty assigned him were to
jump over the side and make for the
boat. Life preservers were served out
as well as revolvers and ammunition
to all the men. Daylight breaking be
fore the plans were perfected, the ship
was not allowed to go in.
"About half past 1 Mr. Hobson came
on the bridge. AH the men who were
to go in with the ship— Montague,
Cherett, Phillips, Diegnan, Murphy and
Kelly— were called up and given final
instructions as to their duties. Every
thing was made ready below. The ship
was steaming in toward the entrance
at 'dead slow' so as enable the launches
to go over to the Texas and then catch
her. This was about half past 2 a. m.
The big black hull of the Merrimac
could be easily followed from the other
shops. At a quarter past 3 the first
shot w r as fired, coming from one of the
guns on the hill to the left (west) of
the entrance. The shot was seen to
splash seaward from the Merrimac,
having passed over her. The firing be
came general very soon after, being
especially fierce and rapid from the
batteries inside on the lert of the har
bor, probably from batteries on Cayo
Smith. The flashes and reports were
apparently those of rapid-fire guns,
ranging from small automatic guns to
4-lnch or larger. For fifteen minutes a
perfect fusillade was kept up. Then the
fire slackened and by half past 3 had
almost ceased. A close watch was kept
on the mouth of the harbor in order to
pick up the steam launch. There was
a little desultory firing about a quarter
Why continue to waste away 7 Why will you be a miserable mortal
when you might be perfectly happy ? You know your weakness. You
are puny. Health is gone. Strength is half gone, and vitality is almost
exhausted. Health, strength, vitality and great big glorious manhood
are yours if you will but have them. Will you? One two-cent postage
stamp will show you what "Hudyan" has done for 21,000 men. Is it
worth two cents to get well ? Think of how glorious it was when you
were full of life, vim and fire. "Hudyan" repairs all the damage done.
It makes no difference whether it be to the brain, the kidneys, the liver
or any other organ of the body. Ask for the truth, and ask for free
medical ladvice on any trouble you may have.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., San Francisco.
to 4, when all became quiet At about
a quarter past 5 the launch was seen
steaming from east to west near or
across the mouth of the harbor. She
steamed back from east to west and
then began skirting the coast to the
west entrance. The battery on the hill
to the left opened fire on her, but did
not make good practice. The launch
continued her course as far westward as
the small cove and then headed for the
Texas. Mr. Powell reported that 'No
one had come from the entrance of the
harbor.'
"Cadet Powell said that Hobson
m'ssed the entrance at first, having
gone too far to westward, and he al
rrcet ran aground. The launch picked
up the entrance here and directed the
Meirimac. From the launch the collier
was seen until she rounded a ban! in
tl'e channel and until the helm had
been put hard to port to swing her into
position across the channel. Apparently
the inner batteries opened fire lust as
the collier rounded the bend and was
swinging into position, probably when
she was first seen by the men at the
batteries on Cayo Smith. It was from
this side that the heaviest firing came.
A large number of projectiles whistled
around the launch. The batteries on
Estrella Point kept up a very hot fire.
Powell heard or saw and counted seven
explosions, -which were undoubtedly
those of powder charges under the col
| Her. Powell remained in the entrance
as long as he deemed it safe to do bo.
No -wreckage or bodies floated out, as
everything was swept inside by the
strong flood tide. The enemy evidently
had a large number of automatic rapid
fire guns from the number and rapidity
! of the shots.
"There was probably no one in the
fleet who did not think all the seven
men had perished. In the afternoon,
j much to the surprise of every one, a
I tug flying a fla°- of truce came out of
the entrance. The Vixen, flying a table
cloth, went to meet the tug. A Spanish
j officer went aboard the Vixen from the
tug and was taken aboard the flagship.
Not long afterward a signal was made
that Murphy of the lowa was saved
j and was a prisoner of war. About 4
o'clock another signal was made on the
flaershlp that 'the r>nllior'e rrpw woro
prisoners of war, two slightly wound
ed. All well.' "
SPANIARDS AT HAVANA
PRETEND CONFIDENCE
Blanco Denies That He Has Forbid
den Exchange of Prisoners, but
Holds on to Hobson.
HAVANA, June 22, 4 p. m.— There Is
absolutely no foundation for the report
published in th.c United States of an
attempt to assassinate Captain General
Blanco by a member of the volunteers,
whose brother, it was alleged, had been
shot for complicity in a plot against
the Government.
Complete tranquility reigns in Ha
vana. The greatest confidence is felt
that the Spanish forces will success
fully cope with the Americans, which
were yesterday reported to have ar
rived off the harbor of Santiago de
Cuba. There is great enthusiasm
among the troops and volunteers, who
are all anxious to fight against the in
vaders.
Captain General Blanco denies that
he has decided that there shall be no
exchange of prisoners with the United
States. At the same time the Captain
General says he cannot allow the ex
change of Lieutenant Hobson' and the
other members of the party who sailed
the Merrimac into the mouth of the
harbor at Santiago de Cuba for the
reason that the lieutenant and his com
panions had opportunities for seeing
the harbor and its defenses. The most
common prudence, the Captain General
says, would forbid that these men be
now given their liberty as proposed by
the United States.
Captain General Blanco added that
he had not forbidden the approach of
vessels bearing flags of truce, but had
only ordered that no vessel be per
mitted to approach -within six miles of
the shore, so that it would be made
impossible for officers of the United
States to make drawings of or inspect
fortresses. ♦
— m
French. Cruisers at Manila.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, June 22.— The Bayard.
Vauban and Pascal have joined the
French cruisers at Manila.WORKED IN
A STORM OF
FLYING LEAD
Daring Feat of Picked Men
From Two of the
Warships.
Seven Mines Taken Up at Guan
tanamo in the Face of a
Heavy Fire.
»pec«al oable to Th« Call and the New York
IlnraJd. Copyrighted, 1838. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PLAYA DEL ESTB, Cuba, June 22.—
Seven contact mines were taken from
the harbor of Quautanamo to-day by
picked crews from the Marblehead and
Dolphin. The work was done under a
heavy fire from the shore, which was
answered by the Marblehead and Dol
phin. Three of the six contact arms of
one of the mines were found to have
been driven In. It is believed this was
caused by the propeller of the Marble
head or Dolphin when they went in the
other day to destroy the fort. The driv
ing in of the arms should have caused
tho mine to explode.
The work of clearing the harbor of
mines will be continued until all havo
been taken up. Then one of our light
draught vessels will go in and capture
01 destroy the Spanish gunboat which
Is in hiding clcse to the town.
The work to-day was as dangerous
as any that men are called upon to <lo
In time of war. and Commdr.de.: Mc-
Calla, under v hose direction it was nc
cvMnohshed, received great pioise for
tho skill dn-i'iayed by the daring men
who risked their lives in the boats.
Two contact mines had already been
taken from the entrance to the channel
leading to Caimanera, and, as cabled
you, Lite Toxas struck a thini one,
DISPLEASED
WITH MILES
Alleged Stand of Alger
and McKinley.
MUST "FISH OR CUT BAIT."
TALK OF SENDING THE COM
MANDER TO PORTO RICO.
Report Agreed Upon for the Revival
of the Grade of Lieutenant Gen
eral, but Miles May Not
Get It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 22.
It has been quietly gossiped that
President McKinley and Secretary Al
ger were displeased with General
Miles. A week ago it was reported on
seemingly good authority that he had
been recalled from the South by Presi
dent McKinley and given to under
stand that he must "fish or cut bait."
This is the exact language used by a
War Department official who gave this
Information to The Call correspondent
a week ago. It was not credited by the
best informed army people at that
time, however, and newspaper dis
patches from Washington stated on
Secretary Alger's authority that there
was no truth in the report of any un
pleasantness or dissatisfaction. It has
been very apparent for the last few
duy.s, however, that something is
wrong. An evening paper to-night
prints this cautious paragraph:
"There was no one in administra
tion circles to-day willing to take the
responsibility of saying that General
Miles will go to Porto Rico and be
superseded as iirst military adviser to
the President. In fact, there was very
apparent unwillingness to discuss the
matter at all. It was rumored to-day
that in the event of being superseded
General Miles will be asked to be re
tired.'"
FOB LIEUTENANT QENEBAL.
Joint Besolution Beviving the Grade
Agreed On.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs has
agreed on and reported a joint resolu
tion reviving the grade of lieutenant
general in the army. It authorizes the
President, whenever he deems it expe
dient, to appoint a lieutenant general,
to be selected from those officers in the
military service distinguished for cour
age, skill and ability, the limitation in
the biir as to the choice being made
from officers "not below the grade of
major general" being stricken out by
the committee.
The eommiMee disclaims any idea of
having any single military commander
in view, and asserts that the object is
to permit the selection by the President
to command the armies of the United
States of one who should have higher
rank than any other officer, this being
deemed essential to efficiency of man
agement.
While Major General Miles has fre
quently been urged for a lieutenant
generalship, the members of the com
mittee claim that his name is no more
than a suggestion, and that the resolu
tion leaves it open for the President to
decide whom he shall appoint, the ap
pointee, however, being subject to con
firmation by the Senate.
It was pointed out by a member of
the committee that if there should be
a battle at Santiago, for instance, in
which General Shafter should figure,
and he should perform some heroic
work, he would stand a fair show for
■ which rose to the surface and fortu
; nately did not explode.
Commander McCalla suspected there
were other mines in the harbor and de
termined to take them up. He sent
four boats with picked crews to do the
work. Lieutenant Broughton com
manded one boat from the Marblehead
and Ensign Walter R. Gherardi, son of
the rear admiral, the other. The boats
from the Dolpl;in were in charge of En
signs Coole and Stirling.
As soon as the boats had started the
two warships took positions close in
and swept the shore with their rapid
fire guns. The four little boats steamed
boldly up the channel, paying no heed
to the bullets that spattered around
them, but attending strictly to /the
work of sweeping for the mines. They
had taken up seven by noon and then
abandoned the task for the day.
There is great enthusiasm in Camp
MrOalla, which is only a few miles east
of here, over the arrival of the trooris
at Santiago. One or two regiments we
e\pect will be landed here. The ma
rines are all in good health.
The officers of the navy believe Ad
miral Cervera h;.s moored his ships so
as to bring the port batteries in posi
tion to command the entrance to the
harbor. It is reported also the star
board batteries of all the ships have
been taken off and mounted on shore.
the coveted rank, and so with other
commanding officers, on whose actions
the selection might depend.
The committee also favorably re
ported the House bill giving to the ad
jutant general of the army, who is now
General Corbin, the rank, pay and al
lowance of a major general.
CONFERENCE WITH
LEADING PORTO RICANS
Establishment of a Protectorate Over
the Island May Be the
Outcome.
NEW YORK, June 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Con
siderable importance is attached in
Washington to the visit of Ramon H.
Todd, Secretary of the Porto Rican
Auxiliary Revolutionary Junta, who,
together with Dr. J. J. Henna, also a
prominent Porto Rican, left to-day
after having had a conference with
President McKinley, Secretary Alger
and General Miles, as to the best plans
to be adopted for the invasion of Porto
Rico. Mr. Todd has long been promi
nently connected with public affairs in
Porto Rico and it is the general opinion
that he is endeavoring to bring about
the establishment of a United States
protectorate until a stable form of gov
ernment is provided for the island.
Mr. Todd is wealthy and is as well
known in business as in the political
circles of his country. Dr. Henna is
widely known in the United States as
the author of a number of medical and
political books, and is an authority ou
all things pertaining to the island of
Porto Rico. He was a prominent dele
gate to the Pan-American Medical
Congress in Washington several years
ago. His wife is an American woman
and an heiress and Dr. Henna's sym
pathies are decidedly American.
— ♦- —
CAMARA'S SHIPS SAID
TO BE AT CARTHAGENA
Vessels of the Cadiz Beserve Fleet
Sighted Off Cape
Gata.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
1 1, . r ;0<j. —Copyright, IS9B, by James Gordon
Hennctt.
GIBRALTAR, June 22.— The Pelayo
has returned to Algeciras. The captain
of a vessel that arrived at Gibraltar
last night reports he sighted the squad
ron off Cape Gata. He believes the
whole fleet is now at Carthagena. In
any case it cannot have proceeded far
eastward, as it has not been signaled
anywhere.
CADIZ. June 21.— The Vittoria left
the arsenal at dawn this morning to
make a trial trip.
THE WISH FATHEH
TO THE FABRICATION
Stories of European Interference
Have Their Origin in Spain's
Capital.
WASHINGTON. June 22.— The Euro
pean stories published this morning of
alliances among the powers against the
United States and of the reported pur
pose of Germany to lease the Philip
pines from Spain are received here
with amusement, for It will appear
clearly from the place of origin of these
stories (Madrid) if not from their sub
stance, that they were inspired by a
desperate wish on the part of Spain to
Involve us In trouble with Germany.
MILITABY-NAVAL INSUBANCE
Gardner Has a Plan for Doing Away
With Pensions.
WASHINGTON, June 22.—Representa
tive Gardner of New Jersey has Intro
duced a bill authorizing the President t»
appoint a Board of Insurance Commis
sioners, at a salary of $4000 a year each,
to adopt rules and regulations for a mili
tary and naval life and accident insurance
for the military and marine forces of the
Government, providing: the amount to b«
paid on loss of life or injury in service,
etc., which amount shall be In lieu of all
claims for pensions from the men or their
representatives. These regulations arc to
be reported to Congress as early as pos
slble. and $30,000 is appropriated for tho
work of the board.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1898.
THE HERALD-CALL NEW DISPATCH BOAT GOLDEN ROD.
SHELLS THAT
CAUSE HORROR
Earthquakes Thrown by
Americans.
SPANISH PRISONERS' STORY
VESUVIUS' BATTERIES APPALL
SANTIAGO.
Food Scarce and Flour Exhausted in
tbe City — American Marines
at Guantanamo Well
Intrenched.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald, Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT SOMERri N. SMITH,
oft' Guantanamo, via Mole St. Nicholas,
June 22. — I visited yesterday the Cuban
camp on the coast twenty miles west of
Guantanamo. General de Castillo is In
command there and with 500 insurgents
holds a landing place where there is a
breakwater and the remains of an old
pier. It is a place where troops could
be put ashore easily, but it is too far
from Santiago. General Castillo tells
me that 18,000 American >v troops can
capture Santiago in ten days.
Two Spanish soldiers, who were cap
tured between Santiago and Guantana
mo report to General Castillo that food
is scarce in the city. The supply of
Hour has been exhausted and bread is
made from rice and cornmeal. The
prisoners state that the shells from the
Vesuvius caused absolute horror in
Santiago, where the people say the-
Americans throw earthquakes into the
harbor at night. None of the shells
struck the city. One hit the battery on
Cayo Smith, entirely demolishing it,
blowing the guns over the front of the
works and killing the whole garrison.
The shock was felt in Santiago itself.
I have confirmed the new* of the
disaster to the Reina Mercedes. Her
commander and eleven men were killed
and twent v -eight men were wounded.
Spanish Lieutenant Batista, who was
captured last week, wrote to the gen
eral commanding at Caimanera beg
ging that his exchange be speedily
made, and askiner that his wife and
family be fed and cared for during his
absence. The general replied in a note
in which he called Batista a coward,
and said that his family could starve.
Batista tore the Spanish rosette from
his hat and threw it into the sea. He
wrote to the general denying that he is
a coward, and declaring that the
Americans won because they shot bet
ter than the Spaniards, and had the
support of artillery and machine guns.
Notices have been posted in the
woods by Cuban scouts saying that
Spanish soldiers surrendering will be
well treated.
The marine camp is now well in
trenched and able to resist attack. The
health of the troops and men in the
fleet is excellent. It is reported that
there are many sick and wounded in
the Spanish forces.
RUSSIA'S FRIENDSHIP
FOR UNCLE SAM
But Would Oppose the Possession of
the Philippines Passing Into
England's Hands.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The new
Russian Embassador, Count Cassini,
will be formally received by President
McKinley within a day or two.
The coming of the Embassador at
this time, when Europe is keenly alert
to the progress of the war, excites
more than ordinary interest, for It is
known that he brings a message of the
heartiest, good will on the part of the
Russian Government, and one making
it quite evident that the long-existing
000000000000000000
FIRST NEWSPAPER
MESSAGE SENT OUT.
•# Shaftcr and Sampson Ar- $
I 8 ranging for a Landing 0
S Near Santiago. . 8
« : ■ •■■•■■ '■:■- ' .^,r\ - ■■■'■■ --'^»;
0 By the United States and : Hayti Tele- : 0
1 0 graph Cable \ Company -to the Herald 0
|0 V and Call. : Copyrighted, 1898, by , James 0
; 0 Gordon Bennett. ' ' . •yk
0 . -/— '. \ .' ;3«
1$ ; PLATA DEL, ESTE — Via '0
I 0 Hayti, June 22.— Cable communi- , 0
j 0 ; cation was opened between Camp ■ 0
0.; McCalla and the United States 0
0 •by the : steamer Adria, ; Shafter • &
0 and '; Sampson ' are arranging ; ; for 0
0 a landing near Santiago. This is "}'■ 0
0 • the first newspaper message. . 0
0 . : ,:> ; - BROWN. 0
0 .- - .:-/'-.'- "v •. 0
00800000000000000S
MAY BE NO THE WAY
TO PACIFIC COAST
Big Purchase of Coal in Chile Said
to Be for Use of Camara's
Fleet.
g WASHINGTON. June 22.— News has reached here that ©
q 12.000 tons of coal is being loaded at Valparaiso. Chile. As ©
O coal is worth about $18 a ton there the purchase excited O
g great curiosity here, and it has been suspected that it was be- g
q ing made on Spanish account. If this should prove to be true, o
O and the fact will soon be known, it would seem to indicate a ©
g purpose on the part of the Spanish naval commander Camara g
q to carry that celebrated Cadiz fleet around into Pacific waters o
O and use the colliers to supply the fleet with coal. In this case ©
q the object of attack probably would be the west coast of the q
O United States instead of the Philippines, but after all the o
© whole thing is still a matter of mere conjecture. ©
OOCO OOOOOOO 00000000000000000 00000O ©O
friendship between Russia and the
United Ptates will not be shaken by the
events of the war.
In response to an Inquiry as to
whether Russia was likely alono or
with other powers to look with disfavor
upon the control of the Philippines by
the United States, the Embassador s;iid
that he did not apprehend any change
In the present good relations between
the United States and Russia. He
added, however, that it seemed to be
quite undesirable that the possession of
the Philippines should pass into the
hands of England, as that would se
riously disturb the equilibrium in the
far East.
SENATE SEEKS SOME
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Wants to Know if Hobson Was Con
fined in Range of Fire and if
Marines' Bodies Were
Mutilated.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— 1n the
Senate to-day Davis of Minnesota,
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, asked immediate consideration
of the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the
Navy be directed to inform the Senate
whether Lieutenant Hobson and those
who were captured with him have been
confined by the Spanish authorities
within the line of fire or under the fire
of the United States fleet, and if so, at
what place or places they are or have
been so confined; also to inform the
Senate what efforts have been made to
effect the exchange of such prisoners,
and with what result; also to transmit
to the Senate copies of the correspond
ence or reports upon the subjects of
this inquiry."
The resolution was agreed to. Davis
then offered the following resolution,
which was also agreed to:
"That the Secretary of the Navy is
directed to inform the Senate whether
the bodies of the United States marines
or sailors who were recently killed in
battle at or near Santiago de Cuba
were mutilated after death by the
Spanish soldiery, and to transmit to the
Senate copies of the official correspond
ence and reports upon the subjects of
the inquiry." __
CAMARA'S RETURN
WOULD CAUSE RIOTS
So It Is Thought the Fleet Must at
Least Keep Out at
Sea.
LONDON, June 23.— The Gibraltar
correspondent of the Daily News says:
No credence need be given to rumors
that the Cadiz squadron will return to
that port. Admiral Caraara could not
return without riots at Cadiz and Mad
rid, particularly as he said at the ban
quet before his departure he would
neve r return before his flag had been
steeped in American blood. You will
find the next move of the squadron will
be to the Canaries.^
Bodies Not Mutilated.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Surgeon-
General Van Reypen of the navy has
received full reports from the surgeon
with Admiral Sampson's fleet who
cared for the dead and wounded parti
cipants In the Guantanamo fight. Their
important feature is a definite state
ment that the corpes were not muti
lated, but that the severe wounds at
tributed to mutilation were the result
of a Mauser rifle ball.
Recruits for the Seventh.
LOS ANGELES, June 22.— Two hun
dred and sixty-seven recruits for the
Seventh Regiment, California Volun
teers, who have been recruited in
Southern California during the past few
days, left on a special train for San
Francisco to-day. They were given a
rousing sendoff and provided with
lunches and various articles for their
use.
WILL TRY TO BRIBE
THE INSURGENTS
Spain Again Resorting to Tactics
That Have Failed in the
Pr.st.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald, Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon
Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 22.— The
Spanish Government in Cuba has been
makirtg advances to Insurgent leaders
endeavoring to win them from alle
giance to their cause.
One of the commissions of Virgillio
Lopez Charez. after he has reached
Manzanillo, is to see Bartholomeo Mas
so, who was an old friend and comrade
of Charez before the war, and make a
proposal to him. General Pando went
on a similar mission to General Gomez,
offering him large sums of money if he
would join the Spanish forces, and any
position he desired in the army.
PURISIMA CONCEPCION
ARRIVES AT TRINIDAD
Carries Food Supplies and Gold for
the- Spanish Troops in
Cuba.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 22.— The
captain of the steamer Adula, which
arrived here from Cienfuegos, stated he
learned at Cienfuegos that the Spanish
steamer Purisima Concepcion, which
sailed from Kingston on June 16, with
food supplies for the Spanish troops
and carrying, it is understood, $100,000
in gold, had arrived at Trinidad, Prov
ince of Santa Clara.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPIUM, MOSPHiNE
Or Cocaine "Habits" Now Pri-
vately Cured at Home.
A SIX DAYS' TREATMENT SENT ON TRIAL
BY MAIL TO ANY ONE WHO HONEST-
LY DESIRES TO BE CURED.
Remedy Contains No Opiates op Po'sons.
Cures the Dreaded 'Habits" Per-
manently Without Suffering.
Dr. Carlos Bruisard, a well-known prac-.
titioner of Cincinnati, Ohio, after many
years' close study has discovered a rem-
edy that permanently cures the mor-
ph.ne, opium, cocaine, laudanum and sim-
similar habits. The remedy cures without
causing pain, suffering or nervousness
and removes all desire for stimulants. No
opiates or other narcotics are contained
in the remedy, nor does the treatment
interfere with the patient's daily occupa-
tion. The cure is complete and perma-
nent and leaves the patient in a condi-
tion of perfect health.
Dr. Bruisard carries his ideas into prac-
tical effect by sending a six days' treat-
ment on trial to any one who actually de-
sires to be cured. This wili enable the
patient to test it at home or wherever
he may choose, and there is absolutely
no question that he will be cured.
Dr. Bruisard has saved thousands of
bright men and women from a life of
slavery and degradation. He has the
remedy. There is no doubt about it. It
is as certain to cure as the world is cer-
tain to revolve on its axis. This should
deeply interest the thousands who are
being daily dragged to their torture
by the terrible use of narcotics.
It is certainly a very generous act of
the doctor to send his remedy on trial
and thus let all see and realize that they
will be cured at their homes permanently,
without any suffering, detention from
business or loss of time.
"Write privately to Dr. Carlos Bruisard,
156 Glenn Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio. The
utmost confidence prevails between the
doctor and his patients.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
( ... - AND
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance. and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON ♦ APPLICATION.
In Corresponding "With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting:
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
rpHE P. ROSSI 00., Importers of High-Class Fur-
. 1 niter:, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc, 117
Sntter street.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEN7A CPDIMft Proprietor. Send for meas-
iUcMU JIKIPIU ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary St., S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
rilir £ cmiwni CD Bank, Office and Saloon
rlnKtt^ninULcK, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 267. :
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock VII I ID £ fA It Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IVILLII ft VU- San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP TIPfiFV Manufacturer of Belting rind-
.l. DCUCIM, ace Leather. 105-107 .Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $86 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladles' $3:.. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
«3 fiT W. J. Brady's Patent
R 1 1 DETACHABLE
Jf i 4 & MUD DRUM
m*JUNS6S*~fc?ti for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and -Stationery.
~ ~~ BOOKBINDERS.
JT3 lUTpTHWDT? Bookbinder and Printer,
i Pi lllUin 1 1 illl, ■ 422 Commercial street. .
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUG H, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
' COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. . H. Blyth, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrc M H fIRFR &f ft EQUIPOISE waists.
flirS.lTl.n.UDEtt (1 LU. 34 Geary st.,Tel JLei _l4ol
COSTUME
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main ICIS.
DENTIST. ~
DR. C- "• RICHARDS, SB. corner Kearny.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse.
i Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
I and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872. «
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
& CD M S ; n C0 s i a a^ s m'4:
. . FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409. Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.; only makers
on the coast. 213 Front st. ; tel. Front 3S.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYFS '£ ffl Shipping Butchers, 108
JA3- DUIC3 Q[ LU M Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
~~— FLOUR. ~
ViTffIVAT Flour Mills. J. Martehsteln & Co.
NAIIUIIAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE CONNECTION WITH
FIRST STEAMER IP THE YUKON
RIVER TO
DAWSON CITY.
N ! w s BRUNSWICK,
SAILING. JUNE 30
DIRECT TO ST. MICHAEL, r
Connecting With '■ Elegant New River Steamer
LEON.
S. S. LEELANAU/
LEAVING ABOUT JULY 23, 1898.
Apply to
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
GENERAL OFFICES :
' Liebes Building, 139 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
" I have used Ripans Tabules and they have done me lots of
good, at least my wife says they have," asserts William Donaldson,
a blacksmith. "After a hard day's work I would eat too much, I
guess," continued he, "and suffer like everything. My wife's brother
told me that Ripans Tabules had helped him and he thought they
would help me. I believe they have cured me, but I still take them
regular, for I Would not have them pains again for anything. My
partner said, after I was so much better, that I was ready to get well
anyhow, and that I would have got well without them. I believe
there are lots of people that are ready to get well just like I was.
They will get weli when they take the same medicine I did, and not
before. I have worked hard all my life, first on a farm and then in a
blacksmith shop, and have been troubled with dyspepsia ever since I
was 1 8 years old. Now I feel like I was sweet sixteen. I think
Ripans Tabules are a great medicine."
. , HARDWARE. .
DAL ACE Hardware Co. , I m porters & Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. P.
•Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers -Of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. It you want bargains call or write
- IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co., £21 Sanßome it.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRWHPn Mattress, Co., 642 Mission
IUC DCKIMIAKU st . Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
WH I AMFTTF pulp AND paper CO.,
ILLMIIIL II L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS."
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and /VIUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
IS and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
ITOn A V Agency! Reloading, developing, print-
JVUUHfting. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H..UMBSEN & CO..
. TEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES. '
• "nfIMEQTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
ULMIILOIIU family use. 1021 Market street,
j ' ':'r--: : l'''-:'V!- near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I FlfV £ ffk m California street.
■ A, Lltl a WWi, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel Sf lc PARTRIDGE, 3 C nla Ca s^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, £5g a B S& .t
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms r U 1C RI ICC Chun Spreckesa
407, 408. 409, 410 WIA3 DL1 J Bldg.. 4th Floor.
• TARTAR WORKS.
£+ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
C. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC • States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Uoine Industry,
House, COS Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS.
|pv ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
tiOif'^li - Few partly used for sale cheat.
Jjf^SiJiv. Send for samples and prices.
~-^g£3& L & M ALEXANDEB, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
j HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
12S Spear st. ; tel. Main 293.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Welgherm.
General Storage. ' Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
!GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market st.
-Wholesale*, and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
BATHING SUITS.
M^f/ilt^i 103 Post St.,
'KNIIi^INRCO. Near Kearny St|
HEADQUARTERS FOR
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
Perfect Flitting
Silk,Wooien and Linen Mesh Underwear
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
A.Z,X,yervotta l>i#eaaes — Mem*
ory, I m potency. Sleeplessness, etc. caase<J
by Abase or other Excesses and India*
cretions. They quickly and aurelu
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
fit a man for business or marriage,
5» Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
mo. Their nso shows immediate fmprore-
inentand effects a CUiIE where nil ether fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Max Tablets. They
havo cared thousands and wi 1 1 cure you. We Rive a pos-
itive written guarantee to offset a cure Crt |*TQ - in
each case or refund the money. Price WU V I Wiper
package; or six pkess (fall treatment) for JZGO. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
«°- AJAX REMEDY CO., %££*!££
For Bale in San Francisco by Lelpnlta & Co-
136 Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy. 949 , KM.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus . Spreckels' Bids.
Telephone 3rowa 911. - '
Residence. 821 California street. beloii i
Powell. San Francisco.
34
FLEECED BY A
CLEVER ROGUE
Timber Land Swindle in
the North.
SHASTA AND TRINITY BITTEN
MANY VICTIMS OF A PLAUSIBLE
SCHEME.
The Sharper Cleans Up About $5000
From Speculators in the Two
Counties and Suddenly
Disappears.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 22.— For the past
two months a man named William
Woods, representing himself as the j
agent of a Scotch syndicate, has been j
quietly at work in Trinity and Shasta j
counties inducing people to locate tim- '•
ber claims in the Trinity Center region j
of Trinity County. He made Redding j
his headquarters, and succeeded in rop- i
Ing in over 100 locators to exercise their I
timber rights on the representation ;
that he, as agent for the syndicate,
Would advance the necessary money |
with which to prove up and then take j
their locations off their hands at a con- I
siderable advance over the Government I
price.
Monday was the day set for the first |
lot of locators to appear at the Red- I
ding Land Office and prove up on their j
claims, and their failure to so prove up |
brought to the surface the details of
one of the biggest land swindles ever
attempted in Northern California.
William Woods, the promoter "or
agent of the alleged syndicate, is a man
well along in years, probably 55 or 60
years old, although at first blush he
would be taken to be considerably
younger, as he keeps both his hair and
mustache dyed. He took rooms with a
private family, and then began in a
quiet way to circulate among the peo
ple. Posing as the agent of a Scotch
syndicate with millions behind it, be
caused it to be known that his people
were bent on securing thousands of
acres of sugar-pine land in the virgin
Trinity forest of Northern California.
The man selected as a victim would
be approached with an otter of all the
way from $100 up to $350 for his timber
ritrht. It was represented that the syn
dicate had $5,000,000 behind it and that
there was $80,000 on deposit in the Bank
of Shasta County to be drawn on for
preliminary expenses. Many people
who had not exhausted their timber
rights snapped up his alluring proposi
tion. The schemer charged $35 for lo
cating each victim. There was a further
charge of $1 50 for having the neces- '
sary papers made out and $10 for pub- j
lication fee. This made a total pre
liminary outlay of $46 50 for each vic
tim.
The schemer asserted that in the fall
hundreds of other locations would be
made and that a newspaper would be I
immediately established in Weaverville j
to control the immense profits arising !
from the wholesale publication of the j
timber land notices. The Trinity Jour
nal and the Dunsmuir News and Her
ald are all three Zv&l of these publica
tions, many of which will never yield a
dollar. A railroad was going to be
built into the pine lands and sawmills I
and box factories would be established, j
The credulity of certain people was
preyed upon to such an extent that
many made up their minds to pull up
stakes here and move to the scene of
the operations of the syndicate.
On the 17th instant, three days before
the first proofs were to 112 made in the
land offieo, Woods packed up his ho
longings and 1 ft for pastures new. He
has m>t been seen or heard of since.
The people victimized have no recourse
at law, as by aerc-ping in advance t<>
transfer their locations is an infraction
of Federal law. The amount, as far as
heard from, which the schemer cleaned j
up from his project is $3500, and it may !
yet reach a total of $5000.
CHANGE IN THE ROUTE.
Course of the Proposed Marin Boule-
yard Altered.
SAN RAFAEL, June 22. -Considerable
feeling has b««B worked up among the
taxpayers throughout the county by a
change In the route .of the proposed bou
levarrl from this city to Tiburon. Before
the actu.il work of construction had been
begun plans were carefully formulated
and a route selected from here to Green
brae, thence across the marsh to what
1s known as the "old stone quarry," and
from that point over the old roadbed of
the North Pacific Coast Railway, con
necting with the county road running
from Alta to Tiburon, a distance of two
miles. It was calculated that by this
route Tiburon and Sausalito would have
equal shares in the benefits of the great
improvement and that the boulevard
would be an artery along which would
flow the produce of Tihiiron. Sausalito
Belvedere and Mill Valley from a net
work of connecting highways.
Rut the Supervisors have seen fit to
change the route, accepting one which
runs from the otd BtQne quarry around
by California City Point, skirting the hay
shore for a distance of nine miles and
finally terminating at Tiburon.
Despite the objection made to the
change on account of the fact that many
believed it to be made in the interest of
a few as against the well-being of the
many, the Supervisors, after a session
lasting all day yesterday and this morn
ing, ratified the change.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living- skin. It is
Pears'.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
ENDEAVORERS'
CONVENTION
Three Days' Session at
Los Angeles.
TO OPEN THURSDAY EVENING
AN ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME
ARRANGED.
Leading Divines of the State Will
Participate and an Unusually-
Large Attendance Is
Assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGEI.ES. June 22.— The State
; Christian Endeavor Convention is to
: convene in the First Baptist Church of
i this city next Thursday evening and
! continue for the 'three succeeding days.
I Rev. A. W. Rider of this city will con
| duct the praise and prayer service on
I the opening night. He will be followed
j by words of welcome from Mayor M.
I P. Snyder on behalf of the city. Rev. A.
C. Smithers for the churches. President
i J. D. Radford for the City Christian
! Endeavor Union, and Robert Slbley for
I the intermediates and juniors.
J. C. Bohr, president of the Alameda !
I County Christian Endeavor Union, will j
j make the response for the visitors. I
I After the appointment of the usual j
! committees Rev. George Adams of San j
i Francisco will make the convention
address, "Jesus, the Light of the
i World."
Friday morning's work will open at
8:30 with the "Comrades of the Quiet
Hour, 1 ' led by Rev. H. K. Walker of
this city. E. H. Baker of San Jose will
conduct the praise service, after which
the annual reports of officers and su
perintendents will be presented as fol
lows: Secretary, Francis W. Ried;
treasurer, W. E. McVey; superintend
ent intermediate and junior work, Miss
Belle P. Nason; superintendent floating]
work. M. C. Turner; superintendent
missionary extension. Miss If. L. Ber
ry; superintendent commercial travel
ers. E. C Gilbert; superintendent i
Tenth Legion, H. J. Waters; president, i
Leonard Merrill.
Rev. George H. de Kay of Norwalk j
and Rev. D. M. Stewart of National I
City will follow with twenty-minute j
addresses.
The afternoon session will open with |
devotional exercises, led by W. S.
Wyndham of Pasadena. The following j
phases of city union work will be dis- |
cussed by Endeavorers: "Among the
Seamen," Mrs. William Young of San
Diego; "City Missions," Rev. C. S. Ma
son of Los Angeles; "Missionary Ex- j
tension," Norman McKellar of San j
Francisco; "Among the Street Railway j
Men," E. C. Gilbert of Oakland.
Miv Belle P. Nason of San Diego will !
follow with an address on "The Hope •
of the Nation," after which "The j
•< "hristian Endeavorer — His Home, His !
Country, His Church, His God"— will i
be discussed by Rev. F. H. Maar of I
Redwood City. George P. Lowell of I
Oakland, J. C. F. Maclnness of Oak
land and L. T. Hatfleld of Sacramento.
A missionary parliament will then be {
conducted by Miss Mindora L. Berry of |
San Francisco.
At Friday evening's session Rev. Wil
liam A. Gardner of San Francisco will |
speak on "Christ, the Master Builder."
and Rev. Wayland Hoyt : Philadel
phia on "His Workmen."
Saturday morning Rev. E. R. Dille j
will conduct the "Quiet Hour," ati*r
Phe floating societies will be
•om. The conference comrait
its reports will occupy an hour.
!lowed by "Lessons in Personal
by Rev. Joseph Smale of this
C. S. Montford of Pasadena will con
duct a patriotic song service at the
opening of the afternoon service, to be
followed by report^ of committtees,
; business matters and election of otfl-
To the Rev. Mr. Wayland Hoyt, a
trustee of the United Society, has been
delegated the task of presenting
"Nashville '98." This will be followed
by "Denominational Rallies."
The final business session will be held
Saturday evening, with an address on
"The Christ of To-Day," by Rev. E. R.
Dille.
Sunday morning will open with six
sunrise prayer meetings in as many
different churches. The delegates will
I then attend the Sunday schools and
j churches of their choice. In the after
j noon there will be evangelistic services
' for intermediates and juniors at the
various churches.
The convention will close Sunday
evening with devotional exercises led
by Rev. Warren F. Day of this city; an
j address by Rev. Mr. Hoyt, and the usual
i consecration service by Leonard Mer
rill.
Arrangements are completed for a
large gathering. A special train with
300 delegates is expected from San
Francisco and vicinity.
BEET FIELD PESTS.
Three Insects Against Which the
Farmer Must Wage War.
SALINAS, June 22.— Horticultural Com
missioner McGarvey has been investi
gating the beet pest which Professor
Stirling recently called to the attention
of Professor Hilgard, in charge of the
agricultural department of the State
University. He says tljat while the mag
got is found to the same extent in nearly
every beet field, it has as yet done but
little harm. He is of the opinion, however,
thai unless something be done to check or
eradicate the pest it will eventually do
much damage to the beet crops in this
country, as it does in Europe. He found
two other and greater pests than the
maggot. They- are the beet aphis and the
beel worm. The aphis works in the leaves
and the crown of the beets much the same
as on fruit trees, while the worm bores
down into the beets, frequently as deep
as the tap root, eighteen or twenty inches
below the. surface of the ground. An ex
periment with Insecticide will be tried to
kill them.
WATER SUPPLY ENDANGERED j
Monterey County Likely to Experi
ence a Shortage.
MONTEREY. June 22.— A fishing party {
just returned from the Upper Carmel
River brings the alarming intelligence j
that the bed of the Carmel River from !
Syndicate Camp to the Pacific Improve
ment Company's dam is almost dry,
what water there is being in a compara
tively few holes. As it is from this por
tion of Carmel River that the water sup
ply of Monterey, Del Monte and Pacific
Grove comes, there is some apprehen
sion that the drought will be felt here
abouts, though as yet the water company
has put no restriction upon water con
sumers.
The fish of the Upper Carmel have all i
collected in the deeper pools and are in I
line condition, but sportsmen fear there I
will be very few next season, owing to !
the fall in the river.
Death Strikes in Sonoma.
SONOMA. June 22.— J. B. Barbarin, an
old-time resident of this place and until
recently proprietor of the French bakery I
died this morning, after a lingering ill- I
ness from cancer. He leaves a widow
and daughter In San Francisco.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1898.
REV. HUGH McNAMEE OF SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ, June 22.— Rev. Hugh MoXamee, pastor of the
Church of the Holy Cross in this city, will to-morrow celebrate his sil
ver jubilee, having been twenty-five years a priest. The parochial resi
dence will be visited to-morrow by a large number of priests and other
friends. Father McNamee's first assignment to clerical duty in Cali
fornia dates back to 1573. He was ordained in Dublin, but soon after
came to this State and was the assistant priest at Watsonville. He
subsequently was the assistant priest for short periods at San Diego,
at San Gabriel and at the Cathedral in Los Angeles. In 1877 he was
assigned to the parish at Hollister by Bishop Mora, where he complet
ed the church and cleared up the debt upon it. He was returned to
Los Angeles as rector of the Cathedral. In 18S3, at his own request, he
was assigned to the parish in Santa Cruz, and this ends the history of
his itinerary. The Holy Cross Church stands upon the site of the origi
nal adobe mission. Where the cross was raised in 1791 dedicating the
mission of Santa Cruz a memorial granite arch has been erected cost
ing $5000.
REPUBLICANS
IN HARMONY
Columbus Convention
Loses No Time.
NOMINATES BY ACCLAMATION
POINTED PLANKS IN THE PLAT
FORM ADOPTED.
Conduct of the War by President
McKinley Approved and Greet
ing Sent to Dewey and Cheer
to Hobson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 22.— The Re
publican State Convention here to-day
was a record breaker. Its session
lasted less than two hours and most of
that time was devoted to unseating a
small minority of dissenters. After
the contests were disposed of every
thing was unanimous and by acclama
tion. Five nominations were made
within twelve minutes, including the
presentation and the seconding
speeches. The delegates, after the
convention perfected its permanent or
ganization, were all Hanna men.
There was some doubt expressed as to
two of the twenty-one members of the
I State Central Committee — Brown of
| Toledo and of Dayton— but
j they were not long in announcing
themselves as in accord with the ma
jority, so that the party machinery is
entirely in the hands of the friends of
Senator Hanna for the next year.
While in such full sway there were
some who wanted' to remove Charles L.
Kurtz as the Ohio member of the Re
publican National Committee, but
Senator Hanna's closest friends pre
vented even consideration of such ac
tion. Governor Bushnell was not in
the convention hall to-day and none of
his appointees were present to hear
the reading of the last resolution in the
platform, which is generally accepted
as complimentary to the Governor and
the dissenting Republicans in the
Legislature.
The following nominations were
made by acclamation: Secretary of
State, Charles Kinney; Supreme Judge,
W. T. Spear; Clerk of the Supreme
Court, Josiah B. Allen; Food and Dairy
Commissioner, Joseph H. Blackburn;
Member of the Board of Public Works,
W. G. Johnson.
The platform adopted by the conven
tion reaffirms the principles approved
by the St. Louis convention in 1896,
congratulates the country upon its
prosperity under protection and reci
procity, favors restoration and growth
of the merchant marine, asks Congress
to Increase the navy, approves of Ha
waiian annexation, approves the decla
ration of war against Spain, indorses
the matchless leadership of President
McKinley in his management of the
war, sends greeting to Admiral Dewey
and cheer to Hobson and his brave
comrades.
In Antwerp alone nearly 4000 horses
were slaughtered last year for human
consumption. The number of shops
dealing exclusively in horse flesh in the
Belgian ports exceed thirty.
TWO RAIDS ON
THE GAMBLERS
Officers Kept Busy at
Sausalito.
WHOLESALE ARRESTS MADE
POOLROOM HABITUES PLACED
UNDER BONDS.
San Mateo Syndicate Determined to
Receive Bets, Despite Its
Failure to Get a
License.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, June 22.— Before the
sun set this evening the rival pool
room forces and the officers of the law
clashed twice and numerous arrests
were made. As was expected, the es
tablishment of Broyer, Glynn &
Humphrey, with Schwartz & Kingsley
as siite partners, opened its doors for
business simultaneously with Harrison
& Harvey. At about 2 o'clock Marshal
Hannon and fifteen deputies, Including
Deputy Marshals Johnson and Susa
villa and Constables Cramer and Gar
rity, made a descent on the poolrooms
not protected by a license. A warning
was given by a watchful scout
and Instantly the place was cleared
of all but the principals and a
few gamblers. These were arrested and
taken before Recorder Simpton. The
principals were released on $100 bonds
and a cash bail of $50 each; the players
on bonds of $50 each and a cash bail
of $25 each.
In a few minutes the poolrooms were
again in operation. This time the Mar
shal and his deputies made a quiet
"sneak" and surprised the who4e crowd.
The principals were rearrested, to
gether with players to the number of
forty-seven. . They were released on the
same conditions as before.
Then Attorneys J. W. Cochrane and
Hepburn Wilkins began to make their
presence manifest. Ex-Marshal John
E. Creed, who has been guarding the
rooms of Schwartz et al. since they
were first closed, went before Justice
Belrude and swore to complaints charg
ing both Harrison and Harvey with
violating the ordinance prohibiting
poolroom gambling. The warrants were
issued and placed in the hands of Mar
shal Hannon, who refused to serve
them, on the ground that a Justice of
the Peace is a township officer and has
no jurisdiction in the case of a town
ordinance being violated.
There the affair rests. It is believed
| the rivals from San Mateo will "open
up shop" again to-morrow. Trustee
Sylva asserts that if they do they will
all be arrested again.
Sheriff Harrison came this afternoon
from San Rafael, but the trouble was
over when he arrived.
The town is yet excited, and several
fistic combats have resulted from the
disturbances, but no arrests on that
score have been found necessary. Each
side has its champions, but the trades
people generally are with the Trustees.
The hospitals of London are all support
ed by private charity, excepting those for
the treatment of contagious diseases,
which are supported by the city.
STUDENTS ARE
UP IN ARMS
San Jose School Board
Defied.
CALL FOR A MASS MEETING
WANT THE REINSTATEMENT
OF PROFESSOR SMITH.
If Their Appeal Is Denied the High
School May Be Closed Be
cause of a Lack of
Pupils.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 22.— The students of
the San Jose High School have called
a mass-meeting for to-morrow night at
Turn Verein Hall to adopt some plan
looking to the reinstatement of Pro
fessor Leigh R. Smith as vice-principal
of the high school. Great indignation
has been caused by the City Board of
Education dismissing Professor Smith,
and the meeting promises to be a warm
one. A number of prominent speakers
Will address the meeting and strong
resolutions have been drawn up to
present to those present for adoption.
About a month ago the Board of
Education at the annual election of
teachers failed to re-elect Professor
Smith to his position in the high
school. The trustees gave as their
reason that the Battlefield Veterans, a
political organization, had complained
that Smith was instilling disloyal senti
ments into the pupils. This charge
afterward proved to be unfounded. The
board's action created a great deal of
unfavorable comment, and at a meet
ing the next night the students of the
high school turned out 300 strong and
protested against Professor Smith's
removal. The various Grand Army
posts denounced the part taken by the
Battlefield Veterans and the action of
that body as a piece of political chi
canery. The School Trustees then put
on a penitent face and said they had
no idea of letting Professor Smith go,
but would retain him. This promise
was solemnly made to Professor Smith
himself.
During 1 the past week it has been
whispered around that Professor
Smith would have to go. This again
aroused the students and for trie past
few days they have been working hard
in Smith's behalf. On Monday night
they held a meeting at the residence of
one of the pupils. It was decided to
hold a mass meeing and ask the aid of
the public in keeping Smith in his
place. Resolutions were passed con
demning the action of the board, and
a committee was appointed to await
upon the High Jj^hool Alumni, which
held its annual meeting last evening.
The alumni adopted resolutions ask
ing that Professor Smith be reinstated
and these will be forwarded to the City
Board of Education.
A circular has been distributed
around town, and a large attendance
at the meeting is assured. The cir
cular says In part:
To know Professor Smith is to know
in what a false position he has been
placed by his zealous enemies, and to
know how he has been basely wronged
arouses us, so we hope you will be en
thused in his behalf. Wo are putting
forth every effort to reinstate him, but
we need help, and we turn to you, our
parents and friends, for it.
Nor would we be understood to carry the
spirit of trying to "run" the Board of
Education. Far from it. We only want
to see the right and honorable thing done
by our professor.
Professor Smith or a vacant high
school.
The student body of the High School
decided a couple of weeks ago to strike
unless Professor Smith was reinstated,
and the chances are that unless the
School Trustees heed the unanimous
wish of the students and put this fa
vorite teacher back there will not be
a corporal's guard of students in the
new High School when the next term
commences.
JERRY SIMPSON NOT
SUPPRESSED BY REED
The Kansas Statesman Succeeds in
Saying Something in Reply to
Grosv.£nor's Address.
WASHINGTON^ June 22.— A bill Incor
porating the National Congress of Moth
ers was passed when the House met to
day. The conference report upon the bill
to ratify the agreement between the
Dawes Commission and the Seminole In
dians was adopted.
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas created some
thing of a diversion by rising to a ques
tion of personal privilege. He proceeded
to read from a report of Representative
Grosvenor's speech before the Ohio Re
publican Convention, in which the Ohio
member was reported as having said,
after a reference to the opposition to the
Republicans in the House having voted in
the interest of the "reconcentrados" for
the $50,000,000 appropriation, "that nine out
of every ten of those gentlemen" hua
voted "no" upon every subsequent appro
priation bill for the suffering soldiers of
the Union.
Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania made the
point that it was not a matter to warrant
the Kansas member In rising to a per
sonal privilege and the Speaker, upholding
the point made by the Pennsylvanian, re
marked with some humor that proceed
ings in the House were not infrequently
subjects for outside comment and that
should members insist upon rising in eacn
instance to a question of personal privi
lege the House would have its time so
occupied that "it would be unable to give
that calm and elaborate consideration to
legislation that is Its wont."
Then, as the Speaker hammered harct
to bring Simpson to his seat the Kansas
member persisted and declared: "The as
sertion as regards the vote of members
on this side is false. Every man on this
side has voted for every appropriation
bill, and no man would have cast the
restriction upon a large portion of this
House contained in the speech of the
gentleman from Ohio were he not dead
to all sense of honor and truthfulness,
having in his possession the facts with
which the gentleman must have been
familiar."
Several private bills were passed and
the House then went into committee or
the whole to consider District of Colum
bia legislation and at 3:12 p. m. ad
journed.
Westlake's Appeal Filed.
SALINAS, June 22.— The appeal against
the judgment In the case of ex-Tax Col
lector Westlake was filed this morning
in the Superior Court. Westlake, who
was found guilty of the embezzlement of
$371 in license taxes during- June. 1897, was
sentenced a few days ago to ten years
in San Quentin. An appeal against the
verdict is now pending in the Supreme
Court. The sentence on the second con
viction of a similar offense during July
of the same year will be passed on the.
28th. There are seven other indictments
awaiting trial.
Sailors and Their Grievances.
The grievances of sailors examined by the
authorities in ports of entry, where the sea
men belong, often turn out to be Imaginary or
greatly exaggerated. But there are plenty of
cruel and conscienceless skippers who abuse
their crews. Violence Is always objectionable,
and pointedly so when It Is exerted upon an
unfortunate liver, stomach or bowels by dos
ing with drastic purgatives which weaken the
Intestines. Use Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
NEW BUILDINGS FOR FOLSOM.
SACRAMENTO, June 22.— At the last
meeting of the Board of Prison Direct
ors permission was given to Warden
Aull to erect a chapel and guardhouse,
the material principally employed in the
chapel to be Folsom granite, which will
be quarried on the spot. Warden Aull
has repeatedly had opportunities to
secure the services of noted- lecturers
and other entertainers, but the lack of
sufficient room to accommodate all the
prisoners in a body has compelled
j him to decline offers that have been
made. The chapel, as represented in
the accompanying cut, is planned to ac
commodate an audience of 1000. The
chapel will cost $2500 and the guard
house $500. No Improvements are so
much needed or desired at Folsom as
j these above described. Warden Aull is
much pleased at the permission ex
tended, and no time will be lost in
bringing the authorized structure into
existence. Many kind-hearted persons
who desire to ameliorate the lot of the
prisoners, and especially of the long
termers, .stand ready to furnish enter
tainment as soon as they are called
upon to do so.
The Prison Directors fully under
stood the situation when they gave
Warden Aull the desired authority. In
deed, the matter has been frequently
discussed informally and the necessity
for the new chapel has been often
pointed out. The necessity for the new
guardhouse has also been made plain.
It will be made as attractive architec
turally as the circumstances and the
amount of newly available space for
the purpose will permit. When the
chapel is an accomplished fact Warden
Aull expects to receive a renewal of the
offers of entertainments which have
earlier been made. In addition to the
free services of lecturers there may be
occasional concerts and stereopticon
exhibitions. Only a short time will
elapse after the foundation of the
chapel shall have been laid before the
CHAMBERLAIN MAY
LEAVE THE CABINET
Expected to Resign and Assume the
Leadership of Dissatisfied
Unionists.
LONDON, June 22.— 1t is rumored that
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, will shortly resign from
the ministry in order to assume the lead
ership of a large number of Unionists in
the House of Commons who are discon
tented with the foreign policy of the Gov
ernment. There seems to be no doubt
that Mr. Chamberlain is dissatisfied wltn
his present position and if affairs in the
far East and in West Africa take the
turn he expects his friends believe that he
will not remain in the Cabinet to share
the shipwreck of a policy he never ap
proved. Whatever may be the outcome
the disquieting idea is undoubtedly preva
lent in Conservative circles that Mr.
Chamberlain contemplates some sensa
tional move and the extent to which this
is credited shows how little Mr. Chamber
lain can count upon Tory confidence.
Suicide of a Rancher.
AUBURN, Cal., June 22.— The body of
Chris Reichers, a well-to-do rancher liv
ing near Lincoln, was found to-day ln
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ .. , ' ' . . -. : -. ' ■"■■■.. +
l>; p^ — : ' --. -r '■ ~ — -■■■- -fir-* +
4- • ... +
4- jf-^LSSj^x +
4- flr •'■ +
+ ~4F >* m 4-
j*J --w^K 'swNi 4*
'+■:'■■■ ■'-■■' ■ ' ■ 4-
"Did you ever try to study out the nature of this "
4 grand vital strength that you have lost ? Can't you see < +
> that it is nothing but Electricity ? Your nerves live 4-
£ upon the Electricity that is in thorn, and you know J
+ that your nerves supply the energy to the most delicate +
4- functions of your body. Then you can -repladfe your 4.
♦ natural strength by recovering the Electrical force which ♦
+ you have thrown away in excesses. My system of pouring ]
4. Electricity into your weakened parts for hours at a time ■+
■♦■will certainly restore the lost power and make you a +
+ healthy .vigorous man." + .
+ Dr. Sanden will send his book, "Three Classes of ♦
4. Men," with full information and price list of his famous "t
4- Electric Belt, free. Call or address
: DR. A. T. SANDEN, *— — ~ — - — |
+ 702 Market Street, Corner San rr*noi»co. MUI IN DRUG STORES.
4- Office hours. 8- A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays: ; Dr.Sanden's Electric Belt T
a. 10 to 1. J Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 2<H>* - ,_ n. vf r m w .n 2 . "♦"
▼ South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- ; .,. l 8 never, sold in . drug : stores
4- ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; - nor by traveling agents. "▼"
Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. if— '•"" -'- —■■■-■.■ .- J -■■■.^
4-4 ♦ 4- -f 4- 4- 4- 4 4- 4- 4- 4- ♦ 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-4 4- 4 4 4- + 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- + + ♦ + + J
. ■ ■..■.■■ .. ■ . : '. : -.■■■.■" .■ ■ . ■"■. .'■■. '' : ■■ ■ ' ■■■-■■■■,■■'.'■.' " -'- ' '
structure will be in shape to be occu
pied. The prisoners will have an in
centive for lively work, knowing that
their toil will be the means to their own
betterment.
the woods near his home. Mr. Reichers *
had been missing' since Monday. ' Evl- <JI
dently he took his own life. He was a
pioneer resident and his surroundings
had always been most pleasant.
DECLARE FOR FUSION.
Convention of the San Luis Obispo
County Populists.
PASO ROBLES, June 22.— The County
Convention of the People's party elected
the following delegates to the State con
vention: J. K. Burnett, J. K. Tuley, J.
A. Patton. J. V. Webster, F. H. Smith,
N. J. Downer, Charles A. Miller; for State
Central Committeemen, J. K. Tuley and
J. V. Webster.
The resolutions condemn the action of
Congress and each member thereof who
voted for or in any way supported the
bill just passed for the issuance of $400,
000,000 of 3 per cent bonds, instead of
inning legal tender treasury notes. Fu
sion is favored and the convention de
clared in favor of the State publishing
the school books used in California.
The Corwin at Santiago.
SAN DIEGO, June 22.— The United
States patrol steamer Corwin, Captain
Herrig, arrived here this morning to
patrol the mouth of the harbor.ARTILLERY TO GO ON THE NEWPORT
TELEGRAPHIC confirmation of
the announcement of the forma
tion of the Eighth Army Corps
was received from the War De-
partment yesterday at military
headquarters, and in accordance with
the accompanying instructions Major
General Merritt at once assumed com
mand of the now corps, which includes
all the troops assigned to the Philip
pine Islands.
Thls army corps has been formed to
allow Genera] Merritt to have more
time to devote to his duties as Governor
General of the Philippines, as he is em
powered, whenever he thinks it neces
e.iry, to place Major General Otis in
immediate command of the expedition
ary forces. This he will probably do
either before his departure from San
Francisco or soon after his arrival at
Manila.
All the details of the plans of the va
rious expeditions have been about com
pleted, and now the attention of Gen
eral Merritt and his staff is directed
almost wholly to the embarkation of
the troops, which will begin to-morrow.
It is expected to have all the troops on
shipboard by Sunday and have every
thing in readiness to sail on Monday
next, the Intention of General Merritt
now being to follow on the Newport on
Wednesday and overtake the fleet be
fore it reaches Honolulu. It is Bald,
however, by a well-informed officer
that aftr>r all the departure of the
fle<>t will be postponed until Wednes
day bo that General Merritt can sail
with it.
The troops to occupy the extra room
afforded by the addition of the New
port to ih«> fleet have not been d si^
ratod, but th^y will be taken from the
regulars. Infantry and artillery. The
Astor Light Battery may be one of the
organizations.
Satisfactory progress is being made
In the preparation of the six transports
of the fleet, and all will be ready on
time for the reception of the troops.
rly 6000 men will be transported to
Manila in this expedition.
Mr>.lor General Merrltt yesterday
mornir.tr held a long conference with
Major General Otis, with whom he dis
cussed the I'.mrse to be pursued after
the departure of the third fleet.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Jamos B.
Cutter has been ordered to report for
duty to the commanding officer at the
camp near Fort Wlnfield Scott.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert E.
Williams has been ordered to change
station to Fort Baker upon the arrival
at Angel Island of Assistant Surgeon
W. M. Van Patten of the First Wash
ington Volunteer Infantry.
Major Edward Field of the Second
Artillery, acting inspector general, has
been ordered to Inspect public property
at Benlcia Barracks.
There was a rumor yesterday at the
headquarters of the Eighth Army
Corps that Miss Laura Williams of
Chicago was en route to this city to
visit friends and say a few words of
good cheer to Major General Merritt
l>ef. re his departure for the Orient.
The following special to The Call from
Chicago disposes f the rumor:
CHICAGO, June 22. — Miss L.aura
Williams, General Merritt's fiancee,
Baid to-night that she had no idea of
joining General Merritt in San Fran
cisco. She will leave Chicago to-mor
row for Bear's Head, Me., where she
will spend the summer.
TO GO ON THE NEWPORT.
Two Batteries of the Third Artil-
lery and the Astor Inde
pendent Battery.
Major General Merritt yesterday
afternoon sent to Major General Otis,
at Camp Merritt, a statement showing
the capacity of the steamship Newport
and its general arrangement, and re
questing that he designate the troops
to occupy the extra rrom afforded by
the addition of this transport to the
third lleet of the Manila expeditionary
forms. Outside of the reservation for
General Merritt and his staff, there will
be accommodations for nearly 600
troops on th>- Newport.
At a late hour last evening, after a
conference with Major Hess, command-
Ing the Manila battalion of the Third
Artillery, Genera] Otis decided to as
sign two batteries of this regiment to
the Newport. This will make four bat
teries of the Third Artillery that are
g-oing on this expedition, the other two
being G and L, which have been as
signed to the Ohio. The two additional
batteries will be selected to-day by Ma
jor Hess. General Otis has also de
rided to send the Astor Independent
Battery of Artillery on the Newport.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Troops to Compose the Three
Divisions — Important
Promotions.
As an immediate result of the forma
tion of the Eighth Army Corps to be
rommanded by Major General Wesley
Merritt, IT. S. A., several important
promotions are announced. Lieutenant
C L. Potter. Corps of Engineers, TT. S.
A., has been appointed by the Presl
3ent lieutenant colonel of engineers.
Colonel Potter is chief engineer on the
staff of General Merritt, and will go to
Manila with the next expedition to sail
from this city. He is regarded in the
drmy as one of the ablest young engi
neers in the country, and was earnestly
recommended for promotion by Gen
eral Merritt and by General Wilson,
:hief of the corps of engineers. As an
engineer officer Colonel Potter was en
gaged for seven years in the construc
tion of the fortifications of San Fran-
BfSCO harbor. At army headquarters
and at the Presidio yesterday he was
;ordially congratulated on his well
larn^d promotion.
The adjutant general of the Eighth
Army Corps is Brigadier General John
B. Babcock, who has had an extensive
term of service as adjutant general of
the Department of California under the
administrations of Generals Porsyth
and Shafter. General Babcock has a
record of gallant service at the front
aurinp the war of the rebellion. He
aas brevetted for gallant and meritori
>us conduct in the Red River and Port
Hudson campaigns of the West, and
evas subsequently transferred to the
Army of the Potomac, where he par
ticipated in the engagements of the
Bhenandoah Valley and the operations
iround Petersburg. Every step of his
promotion from sergeant to brigadier
general has been gained by conscien
tious and soldierly devotion to duty at
all times and under all circumstances.
The Eighth Army Corps will be com
posed of three divisions. The first ex
pedition due at Manila to-day will
doubtless comprise the first division, to
which may be added the brigade of
the second expedition, commanded by
General Greene. General IvlacArthur's
troops of the third expedition will
probably constitute the second division,
and the brigades remaining in San
Francisco under the command of Major
General Otis will doubtless be placed
in the third division.
When all the troops reach Manila a
readjustment of brigades and divisions
may be made to equalize the commands
and give to each a proper representa
tion of artillery. A division is usually
commanded by a major general, but in
the absence of an offlfer of that rank
the senior brigadier is placed at the
head of the division.
MAIL FOR MANILA.
Letters for the Soldiers to Be
Carried by the Monad
nock.
A mall for Manila and the Philippines
closes at the Ferry Depot Postoffice at 10
a, m. to-day. The mail for Honolulu is a
general one, but that for Manila is con
lined to letters to enlisted men and of
ficers of the army and navy. What yes-
Bel will carry the mail the postal authori
ties refuse to say, but the general Impres
sion is that it will be the coast-defense
steamer Monadnock, now In the stream
waiting for her consort, the collier Nero.
The latter vessel was to have been ready
yesterday, but as all her coal was not
aboard the sailing had to be postponed.
Captain Miller, the pilot detailed to take
her out, went down in the morning, but
rinding the longshoremen PtHl at work on
her he went to sea in another vessel.
in Scott will pilot the Nero out of
the harbor to-day.
Unless something unforeseen happens,
the Monadnock and Nero should get away
this afternoon about 1:30 o'clock. That
will land her in Honolulu about the same
time as the City of Para, Morgan City,
Ohio and Indiana. WorK on these vessels
is going on with a rush, and they will be
ready for the troops on Saturday night.
If all goes well, the soldiers will go aboard
on Sunday, and on Sunday night the
steamers will drop out into the stream,
then on Monday at high water a start
will be made for Manila.
All the furniture and paraphernalia
which General Merritt will require is
being put aboard the steamer Indiana,
while provisions and camp equipments
are being rushed aboard the Ohio, Morgan
City and City of Para. All these vessels
have been coaled, and to-night or early
to-morrow will see all the carpentering
work completed. A full crew will be
shipped on each transport Saturday morn
ing so that everybody connected with the
vessels will have settled into his place
before, the soldiers get aboard.
The chances are that the steamers City
of Puebla, Newport and Valencia will
form a fleet by themselves and leaving
three days after the Ohio, Indiana, Mor
gan City and City of Para will catch up
with those vessels at Honolulu. The City
of Puebla finished discharging her Puget
Sound cargo last night and the work of
coaling her will begin to-day, simultane
ously with the work of putting in the
bunks for the soldiers. The Newport
went on the drydock yesterday and will
come off to-day ."while the work of coaling
the Valencia 'has already begun. Tin
latter's boilers have to be overhauled, but
by next Wednesday they should be reaOy
to follow the fleet scheduled to sail on
Monday. The vessels composing the lat
ter will go to Honolulu at the rate of ten
knots an hour, while the Puebla, Newport
and Valencia can easily make thirteen
knots, so that if they can get away next
Wednesday they would not be many hours
behind the Ohio, Indiana, Morgan City
and City of Para at Honolulu.
Four fine American steamers are dv«
here almost in a bunch and all of | them
can and probably will be pressed into ser
vice. Or course it will entail great hard
ships on the owners, but then the troops
have to be moved. The Peru will be due
here from China to-night, the Alameda
from Australia and the Acapulco from
Central America on the 29th inst., while
the City of Rio de Janeiro is due here
from China on July 5. All these vessels
can be got ready as quickly as the sol
diers can be prepared, so that a fortnight
after the Newport, Valencia and City of
Puebla sail they could be under way.
That would mean that in about two
months the United States Government haa
equipped and dispatched from San Fran
cisco alone eighteen vessels with 18,000
troops with all the necessary munitions
of war to assistance of Admiral Dewey in
Manila. .
DIVISION HEADQUARTERS.
Additional Batteries of Heavy
Artillery May Be Assigned
General Mac Arthur.
No orders were issued yesterday from
division headquarters assigning troops to
the Newport. It was Riven out, bowever,
In a semi-official way, that the 600 troops
that will go on this transport will be com
posed of regulars, and the heavy artillery
will be given the preference over the other
branches of the service, so that when the
Newport sails there will probably be sev
eral batteries of regular artillery aboard
of the vessel. From what can be learned
General Merritt is desirous that the furors
in the Philippines shall be thoroughly
supported with all the necessary artillery
and there is little doubt that the ar
tillery will be included in the next expedi
tion.
An order was issued from division hpad
quarters late yesterday afternoon detail
ing Major Piggies, First Lieutenant ("lurk
and Second Lieutenants Tenwords, Snow,
Grant, Scott, eight strgeants, twelve cor
porals and two musicians, all from tlie
Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment, to re
main here for the purpose of Instructing
and taking charge of all the recruits that
have recently arrived at Camp Merritt and
that are to arrive in the future. This or
d»r will not affect the strength of the regi
ment, as a draft will be made upon the re
cruits already in camp to supply the va
cancies. Captain Lee Linn was yesterday
assigned as commissary of subsistence
and ordered to report to Major Bartlett,
division commissary.
An order was issued yesterday by Major
General Otis Instructing the commissaries
of the next troops going to Manila to
draw rations not later than the 25th inst.,
and that if the troops were not ready to
get away at that time for the commissar
ies to draw their rations by the day in
stead of for ten days at a time, as they
have been doing.
Colonel Funston of the Twentieth Kan
sas has received a very handsome sword,
presented to him by the citizens of lola,
Kan., as a token of their high regard for
the colonel.
The men and officers of the First
Tennessee Regiment had to submit to vac
cination yesterday in compliance with or
ders Issued from division headquarters.
The remains of Private James F. Laf
lin. Company E. Twenty-third T'ntt<>a
States Infantry, who died at the field hos
pital yesterday of pneumonia, were laid in
the National Cemetery at the Presidio
yesterday afternoon.
Colonel Berry of the Seventh California
Regiment expects about 260 recruits from
the south to-day. The men will arrive
here under, the command of Lieutenant
Colonel Schriber. The special train con
veying the troops left Los Angeles yes
terday morning.
CO. G., FIFTH REGIMENT.
The Alameda Boys All Ready
to Respond to the Cell to
Be Mustered In.
ALAMEDA, June ?2.— Early this murn
ing Captain M. W. Simpson of Company
G, Fifth Regiment, o'. this city, received
orders from the Governor to hold his
company in readiness for mustering into
the Eighth Regiment of volunteers. Ac
cordingly, notices were at once printel
and served on all the members of t^e
company within reach to report at rue
armory this evenlne. It Is understood
THE SAN FEANCIsOo VAl^Li, TMUIiSDAr, JUKE 23, 1898.
that this call Is for the purpose of the
preliminary examination and to take at •
count of the equipments possessed ty the
company. In some respects the company
is well provided, but the rilles are a poor
lot, ana other things are needed before
it will be ready for a campaign.
The list of members and volunteers
made up when the call for volunteers was
first made Is as follows. There have been
a number of additions made since, how
ever, particularly from Hay wards:
Captain, M. W. Simpson; first lieutenant, O.
Wethern; second lieutenant, E. R. MoDone\.;
sergeants, H. E. Harvey, A. Horn, J. M. llM
ten; quartermaster, F. S. Crandall; corporals,
L. J. Cordes, V. M. Green, A. F. Huff. li. H.
Elliott. R. E. Hopps; musicians, George Wui
zen, P. H. Chitten.len.
Privates— Frank Browning, W. Canning, A.
G. Coffee, J. F. Forderer, O. M. Edegr^n, R.
Groom, J. E. lladley, C. L. Hclmstein. C. H.
Kittridge, E. Lang. O. Meyer. G. li. okerluftcl,
J. Rivero, A. P. Stiefvater. W. T. Stelnmetz,
A. Hchieiber. F. Thompson. J. H. Wlttich.
Sam Witt. A. Vogel. Chris Wessel. l'.n.wn.
F. J. Campbell, \V. M. Crozer, 11. A. Floyd,
F. H. Glfford. E. C. Harvey, W. H. Harrlman.
H. P. Jacobson, O. Krlete, C. A. Loring. F.
H. Morton, E. E. Ray. F. W. Relnhold. R. P.
Stevens, F. A. Prltchard, A. P. Smiley. L.
Weaael, R. W. Weeks, F. A. St. Sure, E. H.
Cardlnet, A. H. Jaquith.
The auxiliary or volunteers' roll has re
ceived the following names, and ewery
signer has done so expecting to be called
out for service at any moment:
Asa Perlilns, Will H. Hopps, Erne.st Webber,
Sidney S. Marshall, Louis Scbroeder, Charles
Fletter. Harry Gardner, George Hand W F
Sperbeok, A. Elinger, E. Rosenthal, D. Gilbert,
William Renfro, C. Kraul. Henry Lane, H. H.
Kllno. J. H. Love, J. C. Htamer, Ed. Love, P.
L. Gay. F. Borgstrom, Kd. ( >rr, P. E. Mc-
Laughlin. E. L. Murray. Harry Newth. Georce
HE FOUGHT WITH THE CUBANS.
Colonel Fred Funston of the Twentieth Kansas Volun
teer Infantry.
One of the lea/.t obtrusive officers stationed at Camp Merritt and at the
same time a man with a record many of his superiors might envy is Colonel
Fred Funston, late chief of artillery of the Cuban, patriot army on the staff
of General Garcia, and now in command of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteer
Infantry. Since the breaking out of the war with Spain Colonel Funston
has been attached to the staff of General Nelson A. Miles, but at his own
request he was relieved from stuff duty to accompany his regiment on the
Philippine expedition.
Colonel Funston is rather small of stature and does not look to be the
man who has braved the hardships that have fallen to his lot. Colonel Fun
ston had experiences and faced dangers far more terrifying than Spanish
bullets and Cuban fevers long before he became an officer in the insurgent
army- In 1 891 he penetrated the interior of Alaska 1000 miles inland from the
mouth of the Yukon and up the Porcupine River. To accomplish this and to
gain camping ground, during the closed season he and his Indian guides were
compelled to work waist deep in slush ice for two days, never in that time
changing their garments or partaking of anything but spirits. Colon- 1 . Fun
ston made this trip at the instance of the Agricultural Department of* the
United States Government, and hidden away in the archives of that de
partment are the reports of the colonel that would make most exciting and
interesting reading. He was also a member of the famous "Death Valley"
Expedition across the Yurna desert, wherein so many officers and men per
ished from sunstroke and lack of water.
Colonel Funston secured his commission in the Cuban army and went to
the front despite the protestations of his most intimate friends and associ
ates. Through the influence of General Sickles he received the promise to be
taken to the front upon an expedition which was soon to start. Six weeks
later he received a telegram telling him to be at a certain place on the Vir
ginia coast, and the next heard of him he was at the front with Garcia.
Speaking of the Spanish soldiers, he says they will fight as long as they
have a leader, but as soon as a junior officer is put in command they seem
to lose their nerve and apparently go to pieces. Colonel Funston participated
in twenty-four battles and skirmishes while with the Cuban army, and it
was while on a scouting expedition on the outskirts of Havana that he was
taken prisoner by the Spaniards. Soon after he was captured he was permit
ted to return to the United States on parole on the promise never to return
to Cuba.
L. Hood, George Ellas, Theo. M. Putzman.
Charles H. Kleupfer, E. Mayrisch Jr.. Percy
Hfise Philip Mlkel, Charles Xeame. William
Tulley. William Love, George Wolfe, Charles
A. Green, A. C. Diete, F. E. Fort. Olaf John
son, C. S. Burns, H. Heritage, T. Lambert, F.
Marshall, I). Gluck. Albert Wilbur, A. Burr
roan.
SUPPLIES OF COAL.
Large Shipments to Manila
and Honolulu — Wyoming
Light Artillery Coming.
The quartermaster's department of the
United States army has made extensive
contracts for coal to be delivered at
Caylte and Honolulu. It is said by an
officer who is familiar with the facts that
55.000 tons of coal have been purchased
recently and contracts made to deliver the
fuel at the points named. In regard to
prices, it is said that the army obtained
figures lower than the navy secured, but
the point is considered that the coal re
quired for the transports is not of as
high a grade as that required for the
cruisers of the navy.
Since the notification of the Chinese Im
perial Government regarding the neutral
ity of China and the refusal of the Chi
nese authorities to harbor one of Admiral
Dewey's supply vessels the authorities
of the United States have decided to send
colliers and Bupply ships to the Orient.
General Ludlngton, quartermaster gen
eral, wires from Washington to the De
partment of California that the quarter
master at Denver has been directed to
provide transportation from Cheyenne to
San Francisco for Light Battery A, Wy
oming Volunteer Artillery.
According to advices received by the
Southern Pacific Company, the train
bringing 270 recruits for the Seventh Cali
fornia Regiment will arrive at Oakland at
9 o'clock this morning. Three carloads
of volunteers for the Colorado regiment
left Ogden yesterday. It is also announced
by the Southern Pacific that 100 recruits
passed through Mojave yesterday, to ar
rive in this city early this morning.
The board of army officers appointed to
inspect the nineteen horses belonging to
volunteer officers at Camp Merritt has
found only three of the animals suitable
for the cavalry service. The others were
either under weight or size or blemished
in some way. The rejected steeds will
probably be sent back to the places from
which they were shipped.
STRAYED FOR TWO DAYS.
Lieutenant T. F. Barry Now
Under Arrest at Camp
Miller.
Thomas F. Barry, formerly colonel of
the Third Infantry, N. O. C, and now
first lieutenant of Battery A, First Bat
talion, California Heavy Artillery, is un
der arrest and confined to the limits of
Camp Miller, where his battery Is sta
tioned. Major Hess has considerately re
frained from ordering him to his quar
ters.
Lieutenant Barry has been acting as
quartermaster since the artillery went
into camp on the Presidio drill plain, and
won the pood opinion of his superiors,
last Monday, however, he left camp with
out the consent of either Major Rice or
Major Hess and remained away until
vest. rday.
What happened in the interim can only
be conjectured, but the lieutenant must
have had a royal good time, terminating
in the usual period of melancholy and
penitence, for when he returned to camp
yesterday ho was armed with a document,
duly signed, pledging himself to abstain
from the use of all intoxicants during the
remainder of his service in the army. It
was through the medium of this pledge
that he announced his return to camp,
sending it by an orderly to his command
ing officer. The major looked at the docu
ment and asked if Lieutenant Barry was
in camp. The orderly replied that he was,
and the penitent was at once ordered un
der arrest. Later charges of being ab
sent from (Tuty without leave and intoxi
cation were filed, and there is every pros
pect of an exceedingly tortuous time
ahead of the offender.
None of the officers at Camp Miller will
discuss the matter further than to admit
that Lieutenant Barry is under arrest,
but there seems to be a disposition to
be as lenient with him as army regula
tions will permit. In view of this, and
the fact that he has pledged himself not
to touch stimulants again, the matter
may be dropped, or, at most Barry be
permitted to resign instead of facing the
ordeal of a court martial. His superiors
are inclined to leniency, as it Is his first
offense.
FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY.
Troopers Now in Tents on the
Lower Parade Ground at
the Presidio.
Yesterday morning Troops C, X, I and
L of the Fourth United States Cavalry
received their tents, and soon after went
Into camp on what Is known as the lower
parade pround at the Presidio. This
squadron is In command of Major Sanford
T. Kellogg. Troops E and G are camped
near the brick barracks. There Is also
at the Presidio a troop of Nevada cav
alry. These seven troops will go to Manila
with the fourth expedition, and each
troop, except that from Nevada, which
is unmounted, will take fifty horWs.
The loading of the property of Batteries
G and L, Third United States Artillery,
on board the transport Ohio was begun
yesterday afternoon, and will be complet
ed this morning. It is expected that this
battalion, in command of Captain Birk
himer of Battery L, will embark to-day.
The battalion will consist of . 330 men,
seventy being left behind owing to lack
of room. Those artillerymen are com
pletely equipped as infantry with the
Krag-Jorgenson rifle, and Have been well
drilled in infantry tactics. The batteries
will take with them four Hotchkiss re
volving cannon, two 5-inch siege guns and
two 7-in^h howitzers. It is the intention
to drill the battalion in gunnery on me
way to Manila,
It is thought at Camp Miller that two
or three other batteries from Maior Hess'
Manila battalion, as it i? called, will sail
on the Newport with this expedition. Last
evening this battalion lacked only live
recruits to reach its maximum strength
of 800. Those batteries left after the de
parture of the third expedition will sail
for Manila with the fourth fleet.
DIPHTHERIA IN CAMP.
Four More Cases Reported.
Treatment Administered
at the Hospital.
Four more well-developed cases of diph
theria were added yesterday to the sick
list at Camp Merritt. Though Major
Owen and his assistants at the field hos
pital are doing their utmost to stamp it
out the disease seems bound to get a foot
hold. The prospect of an epidemic of this
friKhtful scourge at Camp Merritt. v,
drained and damp as it is, is almost too
frightful to contemplate. There are 13.000
men in Camp Merritt. quartered on a few
acres of damp sand, cooking, eating,
sleeping and dumping scraps and waste
from their camp kettles practically in one
spot. The odors that aro every minutu
emanating from regimental kitchens is
nauseating.
The few gnrbage wagons detailed to
gather in the refuse are not equal to the
necessity and heaps of disease-breeding
refuse lie for days at a time in the streets
unless swept back by the wind in the
meantime over the camps and into the
eyes and lungs of the hopeless passer-by.
Camp Merritt is ripe for a dread epi
demic, and an epidemic will surely come
unless the stringent measures now being
enforced by Major Owen are pursued un
remittingly.
The anti-toxine treatment is being ad
ministered to the nine patients now suf
fering from the malady and they all give
every hope of recovery.
SMOTE THE SERGEANT.
A Volunteer Soldier Becomes
Insubordinate, Abusive
and Violent.
A bad case of Insubordination Is re
ported in Battery B, Heavy Artillery,
California Volunteers. The battery was
recently sent from the Presidio to take
station on Lime Point, relieving Captain
Birkhimer's battery of the Third United
States Artillery. The insubordinate soldier
is Private Frank Bryan. It appears that
he refused to obey the orders of Sergeant
Babb and gave vehemence to his diso
bedience by addressing the sergeant in
vituperative and vile language. Accord-
Ing to the charges and specifications, the
aforesaid Bryan not only used unmihtary
epithets, but he smote the sergeant on the
head with a stone. Not satisfied with hurl-
Ing epithets and stones at the sergeant,
ho dislodged his superior from the com
mand of a span of mules and a wagon and
took charge of the outfit himself.
A regular officer of high rank, who is
noted for his military conservatism, pro
nounces the offense as one of the worst
cases of insubordination that has de
veloped since the war began. Private
Bryan will be tried by court
martial, and if he is found guilty of all
the offenses laid at his door he will prob
ably pass the next year at hard work on
Alcatraz Island.
HOSPITAL CORPS.
Details Made for the Third
Expedition to the Phil
ippines.
The following medical officers have
been detailed by Major Owen of the field
hospital as the hospital corps of the next
sailing Philippine expedition:
City of Para— Privates Thomas F. Tier
ney, Frank H. Seawell, John A. Wyatt,
THE REGIMENT COMPLETED
Santa Rosa to Furnish a Company for*
Colonel Henshaw's Command,
Company E, Fifth Infantry, of Santa Rosa, as it was announced ex
clusively in yesterday's Call it would be, has been selected by Governor
Budd as the twelfth company of the new regiment and Colonel Henshaw's
command is now complete. The following circular order was sent out to the
captains of the various companies yesterday:
Tou will have the men of your company who desire to enter the United States
volunteer service ready to leave your armory upon receipt of orders from these
headquarters.
You will bring serviceable uniforms for your men as far as possible. Each man
should provide himself with a pair o£ serviceable shoes and a change of undercloth
ing. Also bring arms and ordnance equipment, tents, Buzzacott ovens, blankets,
haversacks, canteens, meat cans and such other camp equipage as can be utilised
in camp.
You will have Invoices made out of all State and Government property you take
into camp with you, and furnish this office with duplicate copies of same.
The maximum number of enlisted men will be 106 per company.
You will have a preliminary physical examination made immediately for your men
and bring only such as pass a physical examination. These will be given a rigid
re-examlnation by the United States surgeons when rendezvoused in camp. You can
take with you from six to ten men extra to fill vacancies that may be caused by re
jection.
Men leaving families dependent upon them for support are not desired. You will
be very careful in the selection of your men. Investigate this carefully, and see that
you bring none such with you. All minors must obtain the consent of their parents
or guardians, legally attested by a notary public. The age limit Is 45.
Preparations were at once begun for the examination and mustering In
of the companies. Blanks were sent out for the physical examination of the
men, which began last night. Assistant Surgeon F. W. Dudley being dis
patched to Woodland for that purpose while Surgeon Grey went to Colusa
and Surgeon Stone to Marysville. Local surgeons will be employed at other
points in order to hasten the preliminary work so that the commands may
rendezvous at Oakland by the end of the week.
The camp site has not yet been determined upon, but Colonel Henshaw,
Captain Murray and Captain G. B. Baldwin were across the bay again yes
terday and inspected several choice locations. A selection will probably be
made to-day and orders will go out at once for the companies to go into
cnmp there as soon as the surgeons are through with their work. This ex
amination is not final; the men will have to undergo another test by army
surgeons after they get into camp, but it is the Governor's intention to
have the preliminary examination so rigid that there will not be a lot of men
brought into camp only to be rejected and returned home.
All the companies have recently been newly uniformed and with the old
uniforms on hand, most of which are in good condition, every man will go
into camp equipped as a soldier should be. The Governor is determined that
when the regiment is turned over to General Otis, some time next week,
it will be the best equipped and the finest volunteer regiment that will see
service in the Philippines.
District Attorney William S. Barnes is disappointed because he was not
chosen to form a part of the new regiment with the independent company
he has organized, but Governor Budd has assured him that he will be given
a chance to stop Spanish bullets on the next call for troops and the intrepid
official is now anxiously awaiting President McKinley's summons for a third
army, when he and his company will march forth to battle.
Captain George B. Baldwin will fare bettor in the new regiment than he
haid hoped for. Instead of a staff appointment he will be given the cap
taincy of one of the companies. He has been positively assured of this and
as the Petaluma company is without a captain Baldwin will probably be
given that command. If so the men from Petaluma are to be warmly
con I gratulated, for Captain Baldwin, who formerly commanded Company C,
Eighth Infantry, of Marysville, is admittedly one of the best drill masters
in this or any other State, and moreover, is a thorough gentleman, whose
consideration for his men will insure them against many an unnecessary
hardship.
Lieutenant E. S. Heller. Inspector of Rifle Practice of the Fifth Infantry,
will be the Quartermaster of the new regiment, while Dr. John Yost of
San Francisco and Dr. J. B. H. Reed of Stockton are the most prominent
candidates for assistant surgeons. Dr. George F. Shiels of San Francisco
has already been appointed chief suigeon.
to report to Major R. J. Fitzgerald, sur
geon Thirteenth Minnesota \ olunteers.
Steamer Ohio-Steward Howard Jack
son and Privates Charles H. Craw
ford H. Ilassard. James M Has
sard, Albert Hutaff, R. Lang. John L.
Lvon, William Spencer. Thomas F Sar-
Jeant, to report for duty to Assistant bur
steamer Indiana-Privates A. JL Burger,
T F Barton. B. Britton. A. M. Dykes,
George W. Graham. EL W. Jones J. D.
Kellv S B. Lowther, F. Gunther. E.
Baker, to report to Assistant Surgeon
Acting Assistant Surgeon Broedeck will
report to acting Assistant Surgeon F. H.
Titus.
AIDING THE VOLUNTEERS.
Two New Booths Opened at
Camp Merritt by Catholic
Ladies.
Two new booths have been opened at
Camp Merritt by the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society. The site is on the lot ocupied by
the North Dakota troops at Common
wealth avenue and California street. The
ladies in charge will there welcome
friends and cheerfully receive donations.
The booths were thronged yesterday, and
the ladies were busy writing letters.
In the field other members were visiting
the sick, easing the pains of the sufferers
and dealing out delicacies to the conval
escent. Many donations of delicacies,
bandages, magazines and other needed
articles were iK-eived during the day.
Among the donors were: Mrs. O to.
Cowell Mrs. M. Murphy. Mrs. Hicks, Mrs.
Fehn Mrs. Burke, Mrs. Knorp and Sirs.
Stewart. The cash donations were as Col
lows: Mrs. J. Shea. 15; Branch No. W,
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. $.>: Mrs. E.
O'Neill. $2 50; Mrs. M. Deane, $1; Mrs. M.
McCormick, $1. _
Christian Endeavorers in Camp
The California Christian Endeavor
T'nion supplied the ships of the last expe
dition with writing material, hymn books
and games for use among the boys bound
for Manila.
Voluntary contributions are coming in
from different parts in aid of the work
being carried on at the camp by the
Christian Endeavor. The young peoples
societies of Wheatland gave a social in
aid of the work a few days since.
A new departure will be made at the
socials which are given each evening at
the Christian Endeavor headquarters—
that of having some time set apart in
which to hold a short praise service. At a
service held the other evening about forty
rose to confess Christ. _«._.,. 
Comfort-bags are still being distributed
to the' boys at the camp and also to the
soldiers on the warships.
"War Incidents.
Colonel Kessler, with the officers of his
regiment, last evening called formally
upon Major General Otis and upon Brig
adier Generals King and H. G. Otis. The
excellent hand of the regiment followed
and serenaded the several headquarters.
Colonel Frost yesterday received official
orders directing him to take temporary
charge of the Fourth Brigade. As was
stated in yesterday's Call, Colonel Frost
was on Tuesday unofficially aware of his
elevation to this important command, but
it was not until yesterday that the neces
sary note came from Major General Otis
telling him to take up his duties.
Lieutenant Colonel Lee D. Stover will
act as temporary commander of the First
South Dakotas "while Colonel Frost la
filling his more important command. Ad
jutant Lien has been made adjutant gen
eral of the brigade.
Dr. Henry Brodek, who is to accompany
General Merritt to Manila, has been com
missioned as first lieutenant. He was
born in California, but has for many years
lived in the Spanish countries, where he
has earned a high reputation as a physi
cian and surgeon. He was the physician
of Carlos Ezeta during his term as Presi
dent of San Salvador. Dr. Brodek has
been through many of the plagues and
epidemics that have visited the Spanish
colonies, and has thus become thoroughly
versed in the treatment of the ailments
prevalent in tropical climates. It was
upon the recommendation of Colonel Mld
dleton, surgeon general, that Dr. Brodek
was summoned from Mexico to go to the
Philippines. He is a brother-in-law of
A. T. Barnett. an attorney of this city.
Frank H. Seawell, son of Sheriff Sea
well of Healdsburg and nephew of Sen
ator Seawell, has joined the hospital
corps of the regular army and will go to
Manila with the next expedition.
Dr. Mack Stone, having passed the ex
amination for assistant army surgeon,
has been assigned to the Nero, which
sails for Manila to-day.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association will hold its twentieth an
nual picnic at the Germania Gardens
next Sunday and the proceeds will be do
nated to the Red Cross Society. The
committee announces a number of valu
able gate prizes. : ." *
To-morrow night Seven Pines Circle
r£™ Xi^ adle of \ he Grand Arm of tho
Republic, will celebrate its twelfth an
niversary by a grand ball in Native Sons'
Hall, and the committee of arrangements
has extended an Invitation to every man
in Camp Merritt who wears the blue to
t^l ■* £ ye , ry so'd'er wearing the uni
form of I nclo Sam will be welcomed by
the Rebenfo n d by veterans ° f the War of
tnV aS evening Dr. Max Magnus enter
tained Wyoming Volunteers' officers at a
banquet. There were many noted guests
present, among them Governor Richard
Major Foote, Captains O'Brien and Mil
ler. Dr. Morrison, Major Harney of tne
Harbor Commission. Dr. Ragan of the
Board of Education, and quite a number
of prominent physicians. Governor Rich
ards of Wyoming made an excellent
speech, which enlisted enthusiasm. The
banquet was a highly successful func
tion. .
CUPID'S LATEST TBIUMPH.
Marriage of Adeline Henderson and
Edward Brown Last Evening.
Amid the tinkling of mariage bells and
the good wishes of a host of friends Miss
Adeline Henderson and Edward W
Brown were united in marriage last
evening at the home of the bride's
parents on Point I,obos avenue. The
ceremony was performed under a huge
marriage bell of La France and white
roses by Rev. Father Coyle of the Star
of the Sea . Church, who, after pro
nouncing the sacred words of the church
extended his blessing and good wishes to'
the bride and groom. Many beautiful
presents were given the bride by admir
ing friends and relatives, among them
being costly jewels and many useful
requisites that v go toward the full em
bellishment of a home.
Upon the conclusion of the ceremonies
a wedding supper was tendered the
guests, after which the bride and groom
amid a storm of rice and "good-luck
tokens drove to their future home at
1402 Page street The Broom's marriage
gift to his bride was a magnificent sun
burst of gold ornamented with diamonds
and various other precious stones
Among the prominent guests who were
present, were: George T. Bowen? Miss
Ella Bowen, Miss Eva Kyle, Thomas
Martin and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Patrick
Miss Belle Brown. D. Coulf Miss c^V- i
MeClean and two daughters, the larah
McClean and two daughters, the Miss^g
Josie and Catherine; Louis, M. Jacobs th«
Misses Ella and Ida Murray, J H Km
bauer, Mrs. A. Andrews, Miss Elizabeth
Andrews Richard O'Connor. Mr and
Mrs: M. J. Haverty, Mark B. Kate Mi"i
Catherine Haverty. John Colgan 2- *££
Mrs H. W .Neubauer. George McCor
mick. Mrs. Lynch, Miss Catherine T v-r^v,
William Welsh. Miss Jennie McCo^ck'
Frank J. Murray. A. J. Coulty Mrs t'
Kelly. Sigmund M. Bettman. Mrs. E. Kyle
and Mrs. H. Mci^oughlin. ' . The bride!
maid was Miss Sarah Kelly. ■ oriaes-
CHTJNG YUEN IS DEAD.
Gee Tai Arrested and Identified as
His Assailant.
Chung Yuen, the Chinese merchant who
was shot on Washington street at an
early hour yesterday morning died at
about 6 o'clock last night at his residence
310 Washington street, where he had been
removed from the Ferry Hospital Yes
terday afternoon Detectives Gibson and
Wren arrested Gee Tai on the suspicion
of having committed the murder and
brought him into the presence of the dy
ing man, who recognized him as his as
!..{[ J s 'believed that Chung Yuen was
I killed at the instigation of the Gin Gee
Tong, a society of overall manufacturers
and their employes. About a month ago'
when Chung Yuen cut wages, he was ex
pelled from the tong and a price put on
his head. Since that time he has seldom
ventured forth without a body guard
Monday night he went visiting In China
town, and thinking the coast was clear
dismissed his guards about a half block
from his house as he was returning home
Tuesday morning. His negligence was
fatal, as his guards were hardly out of
sight before the shot was fired. He was
a nephew and former business associate
of Little Pete.
On to Manila!
On *o Manila! Pictorial history of the
Volunteer Camp and expedition. No read
ing. Magnificent souvenir to preserve or
send It to friends. Sold everywhere. 25c.*
56
THURSDAY JUNE 23, icSoB
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l» j
6erved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mall $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifcfts Hoas*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS, Advertising Representative.
VRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 hayes street, open until '
9:30 o'ctoak- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—" Aristocracy "
Baldwin— "The Passion Play' -
Alcazar— "A Celebrated Case
Morosco's— "After Dark ;
Tlroli— "All Baba."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Red Cross Benefit, Tuesday evening-,
fane 23.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man. !
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Butro's Baths— Swimming-.
El Campo— dancingr.boating, fishing:, every Sunday.
Mirabel Park— Excursion Saturday, June 25.
Oakland Racetrack — Rases Saturday, Jim ; 25.
AUCTION SALES.
By KIUId it Co.— This day, Juno 23, linen los, Carriages, etc,
at corner Market and Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
by Frank W. Butterfleld-This day, June 23, Furniture, at
80 Moss street, at 2 o clock.
By P. J. Barth— This day, June 23, Furniture, at 816 Sut-
ter street, at 11 o'clock.
By Geo. F. Lams on— Monday, June 27, Immense Library, at
corner Market and Seventh street*, m 2 and 7:3U p. il.
AS TO A VULGAR THIEF.
NECESSITY for again mentioning the Examiner
is merely the necessity for rebuking a thief.
The Examiner is a thief. It steals news. It
steals this so frequently that to set forth the circum
stances with some detail is a simple duty undertaken
in the interests of the public and of decent journalism.
Not only does it steal the news, but so distorts it
as to rob it of its real character, making it give a
wrong impression. It twists a truth into a deliberate
falsehood, because a falsehood ever suits the purpose
of yellow journalism. On another page the particu
lars of the Examiner's latest theft appear. We say
"latest" with some doubt, as another issue of that
disreputable sheet is probably printed this morning.
Taking a copyrighted cablegram sent to the
Herald-Call syndicate the Examiner presented it as
its own. • But the information given by our corre
spondent was conditional. The sender stated in the
beginning that he himself did not credit it and merely
presented it for what it might be worth. Yet in
stealing the cablegram the Examiner eliminated the
portion expressive of doubt and treated its readers to
a statement of supposed fact instead of labeling the
vague and dubious allegations as possibly unfounded.
Thus the Examiner not only stole, but having
stolen it lied with as great deliberation as had marked
the first crime. That it should steal from the Call-
Herald syndicate is not surprising. But that it should
steal and then so alter the stolen news as to utterly
destroy the value of it is simply another illustration
of the perverted instinct which shrinks from being
honest and abhors decency. The Examiner chooses
to be a vulgar thief and a stupid liar. Impelled by
a desire to expose rascality and pretense we direct
attention to its shameless course; not with any hope
of reforming the journalistic degenerate, but that
people may know it for what it is — an unclean and
mendacious daily insult to the community.
THE RASHNESS OF CROWDS.
BY the fearful accident attending the launching
of the British battleship Albion at Blackwall
on Tuesday another evidence was given of the
fatal rashness of crowds, and of the extraordinary
risks men and women will take almost without reason
if only there are enough of them to so encourage
one another as to overcome individual common sense.
Near the scene where the big ship was to be
launched lay the hulk of a Japanese cruiser in pro
cess of construction. Around the cruiser there had
been raised a light staging for the use of the work
men. It was of temporary construction and designed
to hold only a few men and those men who are ac
customed to move and work on such scaffoldings.
To warn outsiders against venturing upon the
staging the sign "dangerous" was conspicuously dis
played. Moreover on the day of the launching police
men were stationed at the place to prevent the people
from getting on the scaffolding. Every precaution
was thus apparently taken to guard against disaster
and yet in spite of all more than 200 persons climbed
upon the frail structure. As a result when the sweep
ing of the great battleship into the sea caused a high
wave the staging was too weak to resist the double
strain and gave way. A great mass of men, women
and children were precipitated into the water and
despite all that could be done to save them upward
of fifty were drowned.
Under ordinary conditions probably not a single
man or woman in that ill-fated crowd would have
thought of venturing upon a ship carpenters' staging
conspicuously marked "dangerous." Assembled,
however, in a great crowd the impulse of the mass
was upon them. That spirit of numbers which moves
men to do in masses what they would never do alone
led them to take the risks. The warnings were dis
regarded and the police were pushed aside. It would
seem that the only way to save a crowd from the
effects of this kind of delirium of the mass would be
to chain each separate individual and prevent him
from moving at all.
All the property of Murderer Haynes goes to the
lawyers who deftly steered him through the process
of being found guilty. Doubtless the charge was
reasonable, but, as has been said of other offenders,
he might have been convicted for less money.
There is no likelihood that the Spanish will harm
Hobson. While they are prone to go to excess at
times the proud spirit of an admiral naturally revolts
at the thought of being hanged.
Spain is again threatening to take an "energetic
course,"' the threat, however, losing much of its fear
6omeness from the fact that she has nothing to take
it with. "\
THE LATEST BRYANISM.
WHILE one set of Democrats in view of the
approaching election is trying to get rid of
Bryanism by dropping the silver issue and
adopting a platform of opposition to the alleged
"imperialism" of the Republican war policy, and
another set is seeking the same end by the very dif
ferent course of advocating territorial extension on
an unlimited scale, there remains a considerable fac
tion of the party still devoted to Bryanism, which,
finding the silver issue unprofitable, is endeavoring
to make capital for the party out of the war revenue
bill.
The scheme of this faction is to represent the bill
as an unjust imposition of burdens upon the poor
and thus array one class of citizens against another
by appealing to such prejudices against the rich as
may exist among the envious and the thriftless. It
is scarcely necessary to say the y<fiow Examiner
belongs to this faction. It has already begun to
denounce the revenue bill, and if it can arouse class
antagonisms among the people and weaken the popu
lar support given to the administration in the prose
cution of the war it will be gratified.
In an editorial yesterday it said: "The burden
of the war revenue falls heaviest on people in mod
erate circumstances, on the poorer classes." In
maintenance of that theory it asserted "out of
$,^. 2^9,000 which is expected to be collected in San
Francisco under the provisions of the new law
$2,135,000 will be paid on tea, beer, tobacco and flour."
Waxing indignant it asked: "On what principle can
a tax on flour be justified when at the same time
Congress refuses to tax the receipts of corporations?"
In this jumble there are misrepresentations of all
kinds. The revenue to be raised from San Francisco
is nothing like the amount asserted by the Examiner.
Its estimate on that branch of the subject is as wild
as any campaign roorback ever uttered. That, how
ever, is a minor matter. It is not the amount to be
raised but the manner of raising that involves the
proposed antagonism of the poor to the rich which
forms the essential feature of the Examiner's cam
paign.
On that point it is to be noted first that the
yellow raving over the flour tax is one of misrepre
sentation. There is no tax on flour itself. There is
a tax of 4 cents a barrel on "mixed flour," but that
is rather a tax on the mixture than on the flour.
Four cents a barrel is not too much of an imposition
on adulterations which constitute such an imposition
on the public. The principle on which the tax is
justified is that the people have a right to be pro
tected from dishonest manufacturers who sell food
supplies under fraudulent titles.
The tea tax of 10 cents per pound is one which
has long been advocated by the tea importers them
selves as a protection against the importation of
adulterated teas. For a long time past there have
been imported into this country a class of cheap
deleterious teas, made up partly of poor tea leaves
and partly of other substances. The only cheap teas
of a pure quality that come to our market are some
exported from Japan and these form but a small part
of the great mass of the cheap teas sold here. The
tax imposed by the revenue bill will shut out the
deleterious articles by making it unprofitable to im
port them, since the tax will be as heavy upon the
cheap stuff as upon the better grades. The tax is,
therefore, in the nature of a pure food law and will
be like the flour tax, a benefit to the American home.
Taxes on beer and tobacco are justified by all
precedents of all nations. It is worth noting more
over in this connection that all these taxes upon
flour, tea, beer and tobacco are parts of the free
trade system of taxation and not of the protective
system. They are Democratic and not Republican.
They have been adopted to meet the exigencies of
the war and should be loyally supported by patriots.
The Examiner, however, desires a Bryanite cry for
the coming campaign and distorts the war revenue
bill to that end. Seeking to arouse against the Gov
ernment all the discontented classes, from extreme
socialists to extreme anarchists, it shouts for an
income tax and clamors against the President, Con
gress and the Supreme Court in a wild screed that is
almost traitorous in its villainy.
THE RECORD OF THE NAVY.
rOR two months the nation has been at war and
during the whole of that time the burden of the
contest has been upon the navy. Every part
and feature of our naval system has by this prolonged
1 experience in action been put to a severe test, and
i the result is one that is in the highest degree gratify
ing to the nation.
By the long voyage so successfully made by the
Oregon, and by the safety with which ships of all
: classes have kept at sea among the West Indies, the
seaworthiness and steaming capacity of the vessels
have been amply demonstrated. The excellence of
the constructive work of our ship builders is therefore
; established beyond questioning and it is now certain
I that in this department of naval work we are not
inferior to any power on the globe.
In seamanship and in the handling of the war
i craft of all kinds we have also shown a capacity for
: meeting all the emergencies of war, wind or wave
: with an easy mastery over every difficulty. It is a
i singular fact that since our fleets took to the seas in
1 this war the only accidents or disasters that have
! occurred among them have taken place in the
squadron charged with the peaceful duty of guarding
I the coast from New York to New England. Not an
i accident has befallen any ship at Manila or off the
v.oast of Cuba or Porto Rico.
Even among the home squadron cruising along
1 the shores from Maine to New Jersey the accidents
i have been few and slight. The Columbia was dam
j aged by running into a merchantman in New York
Bay, the engine of the Katahdin broke down once or
twice while cruising around Massachusetts Bay, and
the San Francisco, trying evidently to eclipse the
feat of the Oregon in sailing around Cape Horn, ran
aground on Cape Cod in her eagerntss to get to her
! destination by a quick route. These are the only
I mishaps that have occurred so far. It is evident,
i therefore, that the engineers who handle the big
i fighting machines are as capable as the men who
; built them.
Of the fighting force of the navy ft is not neces
i sary to speak. Every day brings additional news of
j their deeds of discipline, of tactical ability and of
valor. From the commanders who direct the great
squadrons to the gunners who send the destructive
shots direct upon the vital portions of the enemy's
batteries all have proven their fitness to fulfill the
duties imposed upon them.
The naval work of the war is for a time at least
virtually completed. The fleets of Spain have been
driven from the sea. The army is now moving to
the front. The next phase of the war is for landsmen
to perform. It is right, therefore, at this juncture to
give praise to the men of the navy; to all of them—
ship constructors, engineers and enlisted seamen, as
well as to the heroes whose names are blazoned in
the dispatches of battle and victory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1898.
BOSSES McNAB, Gould and Alford arc not the
only persons whose conceit has in the past led
them to imagine that they were the moving
forces of the world. As has already been recorded
in The Call the three tailors of Tooley street resolved
that they were the people of England, but even they
finally discovered their mistake.
In the case in hand "Whispering" Gavin McNab
may be described as the fly, Gould and Alford as the
wheel and the local Democracy as the chariot. The
fable proceeds no further, however. These bosses
are making the Democratic party "go" in unmis
takable fashion. Whether the "go" will result in the
entire disappearance of the party at the next election
remains to be seen. One thing may, however, be
counted upon with reasonable certainty. If these
bosses can run the Democracy on the plan they are
developing a seventh wonder will be added to the
world, for never in history has a political party
capable of making itself heard at the ballot boxes
calmly submitted to appointed delegations and con
ventions and dictated tickets. Tweed in all his glory
never attempted the feat that has been planned by
these three usurping tailors.
It is quite true that nominating conventions have
been appointed in this city, but with a single excep
tion the work of all has been spumed at the polls.
In the case of the exception the ticket would have
been spurned, but the opposition was split into frag
ments and success was easy. Never in the history of
San Francisco have the Democrats submitted to an
appointed convention and the assumption that they
will at the present time is a species of midsummer
madness peculiar to the character of the Tooley street
tailors. If McNab, Gould and Alford, the usurping
bosses of the Democratic State Committee, did not
in their conceit imagine themselves the moving force
of the universe they would be appalled at their own
audacity. Their nerve is Napoleonic. Under ordi
nary conditions we could not fail to admire it.
We do not know what advice to give the rank
and file of the Democracy at this juncture. Unless
the grip of these brigands can be broken disaster is
certain to follow. An open primary is the only thing
that will save the party. How can an open primary
be secured? Boss McNab says there shall be no open
primary. He will appoint the delegates and name
the Democratic ticket himself. The party is in re
volt, but this will avail nothing until the election,
when the work of the three tailors can be spurned
at the polls. The burning question is. how can the
Democratic voters wrest the control of their organi
zation from McNab and his fellow conspirators? We
confess our inability to answer. In other words, we
give it up.
THE PROMOTION OF THE COOK-
A SHORT time ago we called attention to a de
bate in Congress in which the War Department
and the military authorities generally were
severely criticized for neglecting to provide cooks
for the recruits of the volunteer army assembled at
Camp Alger. By Congressmen who had served in
the civil war the criticism was received with a good
deal of derision. "What," said they, "are we to make
dudes and epicures of the boys? Let them skirmish
for their rations and cook them themselves, like the
heroes of '61."
The speeches of the critics, however, have sur
vived the howls of derision. More than that. They
have found an echoing response in many sections
of the country. So strong has become the clamor
not only for cooks but for good cooks to prepare
the rations of the troops that a movement has been
started to effect something like a revolution in the
culinary department of our armies, and there is a
prospect it may accomplish great things.
Nothing in the way of war can be considered in
these days without an appeal to the maxims and
practices of Napoleon on one side or the other, and
sometimes on both sides. Accordingly in this cru
sade one advocate of high grade cooking asserts
that the great man drafted into his army the best cooks
in France and provided every company \.ith an ac
complished chef. The same great dictator of military
matters is quoted as having said "an army travels on
its stomach." Hence it is concluded that we must
have at the front men skilled with the stewing pan,
the soup pot and the gridiron, in order that we may
do things in the grand Napoleonic way and send our
troops to an Austerlitz or a Waterloo with a stomach
fitted for the fight by a good dinner.
To bring about the desired result it is proposed
that cooks shall hereafter be enlisted expressly for
professional service, as musicians are. The applicant
for position as cook is to undergo an examination
and prove his skill, just as an applicant for a posi
tion in a regimental band. Moreover the proposi
tion carries with it the further proviso that every
cook in the army is to be a non-commissioned officer
with the grade and pay of a corporal. He is to have
authority to send a private for a bucket of water or
an armful of firewood whenever such things are
needed. He is in fact to be a chef In rank as well
as in title, and whoever in his presence quotes the
proverb "God made meat and the devil made cooks"
is to be subject to punishment for disrespect to an
officer.
Unquestionably the reform movement is one of
considerable merit. The manner in which a man's
food has been cooked has much to do with his
effectiveness on a long march or in a sharply con
tested battle. The value of the cook has long been
recognized in peace and should be now acknowledged
in war. One of the most popular of poets has told
us that "civilized man cannot live without cooks,"
and how then can the civilized soldier be expected to
die without them?
There is no use for the men of the Seventh Cali
fornia to fret. They make up a regiment of which
California is proud, and they are certain to get to
Manila. In the meantime San Francisco is not a
bad place to be, and far more comfortable just now
than the islands.
Russia kindly sends word that we may have the
Philippines. Thanks, ever so much. It is only a just
return to inform Russia that she may keep the piece
of China she recently took and that so far as we are
concerned her title to Siberia is unquestioned.
Great enthusiasm, so announcement is made by
way of Madrid, is felt among the Spanish soldiers at
Santiago. But there are different kinds of enthusiasm
and the style prevailing there may be directed to
getting out.
Cervera is said to want to get into the open sea.
but he would be wise to stay where he is. At least
he could reach land now without diving for it.
The charge that the Spanish are cowards can hardly
be sustained. Indeed they do not seem to be half as
badly scared now as they have a right to be.
Announcement is now made that Russia will inter
vene. Fittingly enough, the news is printed under
the line, "By way of Madrid."
c KNOTTY .QUESTION.
BRANDING A VULGAR THIEF.
The Thief Is the Examiner and Its Booty The
Call's Copyrighted News.
When a paper has struck such a down grade that it gravitates toward the
garbage crematory and circulates through the chimney thereof, no reason ap
pears for being surprised at any piece of iniquity in which it may indulge.
Nothing is expected of it but crime. Yet there is a law against theft and a
prejudice against lying, wherefore protest arises at the persistent stealing
and falsehood of the Examiner.
The Examiner is a paper published for the purpose of deluding people. It
is saturated with fraud. Nothing appearing in it can be believed without
strong corroborative evidence. It is utterly devoid of honest principle, a
daily rogue, a chronic pest, spreading calumny, dealing in subterfuge, an ex
pert in pilfering; these few brief remarks being preliminary.
Yesterday there seemed to be occasion for rebuking the shameless sheet,
and to-day there is reason for repeating the discipline, not in order to reform
the Examiner, which, being rotten from the core out, is beyond reform, but
as an expression of disapproval, and possibly a warning. The Vermiform
Appendix, inflamed by the lodgment of a lot of Hearstlings, has been up to
its old tricks. It is hardly necessary to explain that the "Vermi: >rm Ap
pendix" is the Examiner, and that the term is interchangeable with the less
elegant "blind gut" of anatomy.
From the beg.nning of the war with Spain the Sightless Intestine has
failed to get the news by proper methods. This lack it has made good in
twp ways. It has either filled up with palpably bogus fakes, non-existent
and impossible interviews, wild speculation, or has stolen from the Herald-
Call syndicate information which had been copyrighted, and to which the
predatory editorial hand had no more right than to the money in another's
pocket. Yesterday it presented two such messages, boldly and bodily steal
ing them in order to do so. The first of these was from Rithard Harding
Davis, and related to the landing of American troops in Cuba. It is true that
in this case credit was given, but no thief is restored to virtue by labeling his
booty, "I stole this."
The other offense was more flagrant. The laYcenist endeavored to cover
his tracks, but with the stupidity of the blundering criminal, left a plain clew.
Then he marked the matter as "copyrighted" by the concern stealing it, and
distorting it so that its intent was perverted, published it not as a rumor,
which it was, but as news. This act shows the character of yellow journal
ism. The difference between yellow journalism and legitimate journalism
may be more clearly understood by comparing the cablegram a: it was sent
to The Call and the same in the shape it assumed when paragraphs had been
transposed or eliminated. This comparison to be complete must include the
two headings. Here is the matter in its two forms:
AIRY PROJECT
ACCREDITED TO
THREE POWERS
Special Cable to The Call an.l New York Her
ald, f'npy righted, 1898, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MAjjRID, June 21.— [2] Very many
rumors are current in diplomatic cir
cles. The one most generally accepted
is also most apparently extravagant,
yet it has such credence here that I
forward it to you. I ma, say it was a
member of the German Embassy in
Madrid who was my informant and
who gave me the news as being ab
solutely certain. I send it with most
express reserve, as it appears to me
to belong entirely to the region of
fancy.
[3] According to my informant nego
tiations have been commenced between
Spain, Germany and France. By an
agreement with France and Spain Ger
many would acquire sole proprietor
ship of the Philippine Islands, in ex
change for which she would return Al
sace and Lorraine to France. Germany
and France would intervene to restore
peace between Spain and the United
States and France would agree to pay
the amount of the American war in
demnity in addition to the actual ex
penses of the war itself.
[4] This combination is too brilliant
to be strictly exact, although I am in
formed it is being seriously examined
by the three interested powers. This
much is certain: [1] Senor Sagasta
had an interview with a special envoy
from the German Emperor, who was
charged with the duty of making the
following proposition to the Spanish
Government in behalf of his Imperial
Majesty:
Germany would establish a protecto
rate over the Philippines for twenty
years, thus taking the place of Spain
in the archipelago. She would re-estab
lish order after having sent troops in
sufficient numbers to bring the state of
war in the islands to an end. As a re
turn for this temporary protectorate
Germany would agree to pay into the
Spanish treasury the sum of 500.000,000
marks in gold to continue the war in
Cuba.
[2] Senor Sagasta has not yet given
his reply to the German Emperor's en
voy, but I have received information
from an authentic quarter that his re
ply will be in the negative.
A glance at this exhibit will show the method of villainy practiced. The
thief took the cablegram, shifted the paragraphs, eliminated the portion cast
ing doubt on the information, and printed as a fact that which the corre
spondent had taken pains to give as a rumor, and a rumor so unreasonable
that he himself did not credit it. The beginning of the larcenist's swindling
cablegram was taken from the third paragraph of the genuine one, and
similar changes were made throughout as the numbers inserted in The Call's
reproduced message demonstrate to the eye instantly. That in black letter
was omitted. And having stolen, mutilated, and turned awry the very pur
pose of the news, the thief had the assurance to announce it as "copy
righted!"
Still will the Examiner continue to boast of its war news, to menda
ciously assert that it discarded the Herald service, from participation in which
it was incontinently kicked; still will it continue to steal and mangle this
news to fit its own vile purposes of deception; while from time to time, un
less the law intervene to check the directing scoundrels of the Examiner
The Call may make candid remarks.
THE VOLUNTEEB.
Beneath his country's starry flag,
Where thousands stood before,
Prepared to fight till life shall flag
And darkness gather o'er.
Garbed In his uniform of blue,
Ready to answer "Here!"
A man and soldier through and through,
He stands, the volunteer!
'Tls not the joy of clashing arms
That calls nim to the fray,
'Tlb not the love of war's alarms
That bids him hftste away;
For him there's pain and grief and woe,
A wife — a mother's tear.
But loud his duty calls, and lo!
He comes, the volunteer.
O, mighty nation, proud and great.
Of strength he 18 a tower!
Behold him, warlike and elate.
In this, your darkest hour.
For you he lives, for you he'll die.
And sell his life blood dear,
And glory's gates will ope on high
To greet the volunteer.
— Frank X. Flnnegan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPOITDENTS.
IOWA, SANTIAGO— A Reader, City.
lowa is pronounced I-o-wa, with I as in
pine. Santiago is pronounced San-te-a-go,
with a as in far, c as in meat and o as in
note.
BOOKS ON ETIQUETTE— T. O. A.,
City. This department is not advertising
"first-class standard modern books on etf
queue" or any other books. Any flrst
class book dealer in the city will furnish
you with such a book.
GERMAN CATHOLIC COLONY— X. X
A £ us 5 a ~, ThlßT hlB correspondent is anxious to
obtain information about a German Cath
olic colony that it was said was about to
start a sugar-beet ranch in the vicinity of
ylsalia. Can any of the readers of this
department enlighten the correspondent?
ONLY A BABY-M. E. P., City. Mon
sieur Cannon, who has been on exhibition
in this city for come time, is a good-sized
WILHELM
DICKERING
WITH SPAIN
(Special Cable to "The Examiner." Copy
right, IS9B, by W. R. Hearst.)
MADRID, June 21.— Senor Sagasta
had an interview last wee,k with a spe
cial envoy from the German Emperor,
who was charged with the duty of
making the following proposition to the
Spanish Government in behalf of his
imperial Majesty: Germany would es
tablish a protectorate over the Philip
pines for twenty years, thus taking the
place of Spain in the archipelago; she
would re-establish order after having
sent troops in sufficient number to
bring the state of war in the islands to
an end. As a return for this tempor
ary protectorate Germany would agree
to pay into the Spanish treasury the
sum of 500,000,000 marks in gold in order
to continue the war in Cuba.
Sagasta has not yet given a reply to
the German Emperor's envoy, but I re
ceived information from a sure quarter
that the reply will "be in the negative.
Very many rumors are current in diplo
matic circles. The one most generally
accepted is also the most apparently
extravagant, yet it has such credence
here that I forward it to you.
According to my informant, negotia
tions have been commenced between
Spain, Germany and France. By agree
ment with France and Spain
Germany would acquire sole pro
prietorship of the Philippine Isl
ands in exchange for which she
would return Alsace and Lorraine
to France. Germany and France would
intervene to restore peace between
Spain and the United States, and
France would agree to pay the amount
of tne American war indemnity in ad
dition to the actual expense of the war
itself.
This combination is too brilliant to be
strictly exact, although I am informed
it is being seriously examined by the
three interested powers.
man as to avoirdupois, but he is compara
tively a baby alongside of John Hanson
Craig of Danville, Hendricks County Ind
ft i e ZS\T rs £ co he Joshed 907 pounds!
At tnat time he was 37 years of nc» a*
birth he weighed 3 pSuJSflt uSnthi
around the hips was 8 feet 4 inches.
JOHN PAUL , JONES-P. S. B City
John Paul Jones, the naval officer, was
born July 6. 1747, at Arbieland in tht
ZTJSIS $%££&s&& h«
MAIL TO DAWSON-A. S, Big Oak
Flat Cal. For the present, mail for Law.
ii S 4th Ul % + r K each Seattle not later tteS the
m«rt« f i the m ? nth - Arr angements may be
SMS oftener'^ WCekS tO ais ™ teh "tK
A DEED-J. M. L.. City. If you pur
chased property from an individual ml
l?? n nlngn Ing to pay, for the same on the in
bef O r^ ce t n hV P fl lan ; and individual died
mim ™* v fl ° aI Pai^ent was made, you
Sse IV^eTn^ho 0 ' o^the^ai
Those are the ones . who, on the flnli
payment, should execute a deed to tha
PfoP^ty. unless there was some onl
e^c^rSd^ 61 by the.Kr»tor On tS
ANNAPOLIS ACADEMY -^-- S-. San
the c naval he « 1 * 111111 10 " of cadets for
inc. naval academy at -'AnnaTinUß t n ws«
| a f t >i tt s he nSn^i O o' n Representatives has
detect JL »r^ na -}}^ The. members or
5th e !f M^h r ttfl i d: Bhor tly after the
tarv nffT w f eaol i year *>y - the Secie
lary-or tne Navy, of -an v- varan that
nomn»^l helr district. The number of
nominations each year Is acoorriinir tn «h A
of" Ma e rch° f w VV h a i C cr C^ S Sh
uation death or other causes. . by grad
uation, death or other causes.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Leonard Coates of Napa is staying at
the Grand.
W. Faull of Angels and wife are guests
at the Russ.
G. W. Harney of Marysville is staying
at the Grand.
L. R. Sargent of Sargents station Is
stopping at the Occidental.
W. P. Thomas, a prominent attorney
of Ukiah, is at the Grand.
B. T. K. Preston, secretary of the lone
School, is stopping at the Grand.
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels and family hava
gone to Coronado to spend a few weeks.
Captain, John K. Jeffery and H. B. Jef
fery of Chicago are registered at the Pal
ace.
H. H. Sylvester of the United Stateß
Geological Survey is registered at the Oc
cidental.
H. M. La Rue of Sacramento arrived
yesterday to attend the meeting of the
Railway Commission.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Tobin are up from
Burlingame for a few days. They arc
stopping at the Palace.
H. W. Lake, manager of the Baldwin
Hotel, has returned from a tour of the
southern summer resorts.
G. F. Richard
son of the South
ern Pacific is a
very busy man
during working
hours and at
times the pres-
A TRAIN THAT
HAD A JAG.
sure of not
knowing what to do with a network of
trains furrows his brow into the proverb
ial washboard. However busy he may be
he never loses his ingrained Buavity of
manner or his instinctive politeness,
though disturbed when his work sits
hardest upon him. As the master of
transportation the movement of the sol
diers comes under his surveillance as soon
as they are put upon Southern P
lines. The Red Cross Society knov.
and at the main office where women con
gregate, vicing with one another to ame
liorate the natural hardships of the sol
dier's life. Mr. Richardson is a special
favorite. Never does he fail to answer
the telephone when information is re
quired concerning the arrival of trains
bearing soldiers. The other day he was
called up by the Red Cross Society and,
to his surprise, heard a voice that be
longed unmistakably to a man. The fol
lowing long-range conversation took
place:
Voice — Would you please tell me if train
No. 2 is on time this evening and how
many soldiers there are on it?
Richardson— No. 2 has a jag. Twelve.
Voice— What's that? A jag? How can a
train have a jag? Do you mean that it is
twelve hours late?
Richardson — You don't understand, my
dear man. Why, nothing is simpler. No.
2 is on time with a small load of twelve
soldiers.
And the voice had to explain to the la
dies present.
Joseph R. Ward, U. S. N.. and wife ar
rived from Vallejo yesterday and ape
stopping at the Occidental.
John Breuner of Sacramento has recov
l ered from a recent illness, and will re
| main at the Palace prior to his departure
| for Sacramento.
Mrs. E. K. Stevenot, secretary of the
local Red Cross Society at 16 Post street,
has gone to the mountains on a well
earned vacation.
J. If. Studebaker, the well-known
manufacturer of farming implements,
has returned to this city after a short
visit to San Jose.
Mrs. J. J. Spieker, Miss Georgie Spieker,
Miss Florence Dresbach and Mrs. W. S.
Leake left last evening for Highland
Springs to spend a month.
Major W. S. Metcalf of the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment was presented yester
day with a very handsome pair of field
glasses by the citizens of Lawrence,
Kans., who are great admirers of the
major.
J. D. Heise, the crack shot and cham
pion of the Schuetzen Verein of this city,
started for Bremen, Germany, last night.
He will stop in New York two weeks to
take part in the Schuetzen international
shoot in that city.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A self-docking pontoon dock has been
built at Stettin in a remarkably short
time. The contract was signed October
23, last year, the first plate was laid on
November 1, and launching took place
six months later. The dock consists of
two side walls connected with three pon
toons, the center one being 240 feet and
the two ends 135 feet. It is 510 feet 9 inches
in length, 110 feet 9 inches outside
breadth, and has a total depth of 43 feet
7 inches. The inside breadth is 82 feet,
and vessels drawing 24 feet and weigh
ing 11,000 tons can be docked in two and
a half hours.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the '"Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In flrst
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip throuarr the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 63S Market st., S. F.
The Santa Fe Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market st.
Dewey Is a temperance man and knows what
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters did to brace
him up at Manila.
WE ARE ONE NATION.
On Independence day let us draw
strength and inspiration from the past
and determine that the nation shall al
ways be worthy of its beginning; on
Washington's birthday let us set up a
model for Imitation and keep it before the
eyes of our youth; on a day set apart
for all the nation let us weep that we
were once divided, and declare that all
citizens of this land who offer their blood
on its altar are our common property,
and henceforth "In their lives they were
beautiful, and in death they shall not be
divided."
Let the nation visit all its graves on
one day, and there annually remember
that we are now one and indivisible.—
Florida Times Union.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking ponder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
&4KINO
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
Y^^—'' l*OV*>i *»iowa poween CO., nbw you*. "INDIFFERENT
MANAGERS
They Have Control of
the Friscos.
BUNKER SHOULD VACATE
OR APPROVE OF COFFROTH'S
METHODS.
The San Franciscos Will Never Play
Good Ball While Indifferent
and Incompetent Hands
Direct Them.
«V JOE CORBETT.
The San Francisco team. representing
as it does the greatest baseball dty this
side of the Rookies, should be a " good
team. If not the l>ost in the league.
The above statement expresses the sen
timent of all patrons of the game, and as
they are directly responsible for the
.financial success of the club, their claims
should not be disregarded. The miser
able showing made by the Friseos hi the
last few weeks has been the cause of
great dissatisfaction among those direct
ly and Indirectly concerned. To such an
extent have these few permitted their
grievances to carry them that they in
sist on remaining away from all game?
in which this team participates, at. least
until they can be assured of seeing some
good baseball. They can hardly be cen
sured for such a move when one consid
ers that they in the first place pay their
good money to see baseball and, second
ly, go to Recreation Park with the in
tention of rooting for their home team,
hoping thereby to draw some little pleas
ure, which comes only when their favor
ites are victorious.
So often have the San Franciscos
played inferior ball and so often have
they been defeated on their own grounds
that their admirers, who are very numer
ous, began to discover where the real
fault lay, and concluded that it was lack
of experience on the part of those who
at present manage the club. This declar
ation, while it does not bring to view the
other causes of the team's failure, which
are equally as important, is convincing
in the extreme, even to the humblest of
observers.
I. like many others, have eagerly
waited lor this club to strike its gait, so
to say, placing unlimited stress upon the
idea that, so soon as a few of the play
ers discovered that their efforts in the
direction of fancy playing were despic
able, even in the eyes of those unfamiliar
with the primitive rules of the game, a
change for the better would necessarily
follow. In this I was disappointed. True,
the boys have refrained from grand
stand playing with results, however, that
have in no manner changed their stand
ing.
It was then that my eyes were turned
in the direction of the management, and
to their petty fancies, coupled with
ihtir indifferent spirit, to say nothing
of their lack of experience in the man
agerial role, is due the deplorable condi
tion of this San Francisco team. There
Is not the slightest doubt of it in the
world, and upon them, rather than upon
the players, should be directed the fire
of the league board. They should be
if such a thing is possible, to
sentiment into oblivion. Here Mr.
Hunker Insists on keeping Stroeker, a
man who has no m->re distinction as a
r Than himself, in right garden. It
is not b.-.-ause he is ignorant of the fact
that Stroeker cannot play that position,
but because he likes the fellow. So it is
with a couple of more men in the team.
Is San Francisco, therefore, to be de
prived of a team capable of representing
It simply because a half manager hap
pens to fancy a certain individual who
should be driving a truck instead of mak
ing a monkey of himself as this chap
Stroeker has on several occasions? I sin
cerely trust the league will not tolerate
such action, as already the supporters of
this aggregation, those who pay their
money to see them perform, are disgust
ed with the perpetual run of defeats
which graces the standing of this their
favorite team. If managers cannot har
monize, especially when it is to their own
interests, it is time for one of them to va
cate.
"Too many cooks spoil the broth," is an
old saying, ami all through the league
evidence or its truth may be gathered.
The San Francisco Club has been on the
verge of destruction t-ver since the con
solidation. In combining the two teams
of the other leagues Messrs. Coffroth ana
Bunker foolishly allowed avlor to be thu
better part of discretion. When it became
obvious that in so doing they had acted
unwisely one would imagine that an im
mediate change of tactics would follow,
but not so. Bunker was and is still ob
stinate. He does not care a rap whether
the team is successful or not so long as
the players he put in the club remain.
He should imitate the gallant young man
— no matter how difficult such a step
would be— and gracefully relinquish his
rights as the affluent gentleman of base
ball. He says that he does not wish to
make any money out of the national gams
and there is certainly no glory in it for
him. I cannot see why he should con
tinue to hamper Mr. Coffroth, who would,
if giv->n full control, undoubtedly make
the team what it should be. It is useless
for him to devote his time, which at in
tervals is valuable, to the interests of the
team when he is perfectly well aware thai
any move which does not meet with Mr.
Bunker's approval, no matter how correct
* it might be, must be dissipated.
Such is the situation at present. To give
an illustration of how much these gentle
men care for the success of this team
take note of what occurred last Sunday
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you are weak and debilitated, losing flesh, nervous, discour-
aged or have a failing appetite, your natural supply of electricity is
running short and you are in danger of becoming a mental or physi-
cal wreck, or both, without a moment's warning. Dr. Meyers'
Famous Electric Belt has restored a vast army of men, who have been
in this precarious condition, to perfect health.
I
I ' ~~~ I"
You may wear a belt for a month, in order to thoroughly test its 1
merits, before making a payment. If you do not believe it will cure
you, you may return it at the end of thirty days and that ends the
transaction. Dr. Meyers personally examines each patient free of
charge and selects the belt having the required strength and restoring
qualities.
" Full line of Electric and Magnetic AppHances at lowest prices.
Correspondence solicited.
DR. MEYERS Sc CO.,
■7 31 market Street, San Francltco.
Office Hours — 9 to 12, Ito 4, daily ; evenings 7to 8 ; Sundays 9to 11.
I The team was scheduled to play In Sac
I rt h n v ento v: , A manager, I always thought,
i although I might be mistaken, is sup
| P oB *, t0 take care of the business end
i °£ things; attend to the transportation 01
the club;, see that they are all at th*
depot, and above all, be with them during
the contest. Well, neither Bunker nor
tofiroth was In Sacramento last Sunday
a ?P their club was inglorlously defeated.
A Mr. Gleasoji took charge of affairs. X
met him Saturday evening dashing around
, town preparatory to his departure. "I've
!Jf ot , t0 take the team to Sacramento. I
don t know where half the players are to
bo found, and if some one does not give
me some tickets I'll not go up." "What is
I the matter with Coffroth or Bunker? Why
j don t they attend to the affairs of the
' club?" "Oh!" replied Jack, "Jim (meaning
! Coffroth) went to a picnic and Bunker
j ooesn t care whether the team goes up or
] not so long as Stroeker plays right field."
This is Just an illustration of how this
i team is managed. And remember, we are
endeavoring to resurrect baseball. We
I are trying to place it on the same footing
over which it held such glorious sway
somo few years ago. The progress we
are making is astonishing— l don't think.
i Baseball never will be revived until clubs
I are properly equipped in the matter of
| management and until they play baseball.
I There are a few clubs in the league work-
I ing hard and earnestly to make this new
venture a success, but if the team rep
resenting the greatest ball city In the
\\ eft does not co-operate their efforts
i must be in vain.
It reajly is a shame that such a state of
affairs is permitted to exist without even
\ a protest from the league board. The
1 crowds at Recreation Park have increased
j tenfold since the opening of the consoli
j dated clubs. Many of the old standbys—
j those who have not witnessed a game in
i years— were conspicuous at last Sunday's
> ffame, and will continue to be so if given
! average basel.all and a good team to root
for. This can be done by Messrs. Bunker
; and (."off roth casting aside petty fancies,
i which are a detriment to the club's suc
i cess. They can, by a little discretion,
j make their team one of the best in the
league. The material is there: all it needs
Is proper assortment and strict attention.
Those players who, after a fair and im
partial trial, have demonstrated their in -
1 ability to play fast eriough should be done
away with and now ones substituted. The
team should be made to practice, and in
.j this way have an opportunity of doing
I themselves justice when in the game. The
managers should also open their pockets
and spend a few dollars. Without a doubt
their love for the mighty dollar is hor
rifying.
Do you know why "Yorlek 1 Egan, a very
good player, was released? Because Cof
froth and Bunker, between them, could
not afford to pay him $5 a week. Mc-
Gucken of San Jose cmild, and McGucken
does not run a sausage factory. Some
body must separate himself from a few
dollars, or this league will be termed the
"neverwaser."
WAS SHORT OF PROVISIONS.
Arrival of the Schooner Saga With
Klondikers From Barbadoes.
The American schooner Saga arrived
from Barbadoes yesterday en route for
Victoria, B. C. She has thirty-seven
men, women and children aboard, and
put In .here for provisions. The entire
party is headed for the gold fields; but
the chances are that the women and
children will be left behind In British
Columbia. The voyage was an unevent
ful one, the only stop being at Rio de Ja
neiro for water and provisions.
The steamer Columbia while docking at
Spear street yesterday stuck In the mud,
and it was some time before she could
be got alongside the wharf. As soon as
she goes out a dredger will be put to i
work making a channel to the dock.
The 105 gold hunters who have taken j
passage on the steamer Dirigo for Daw- I
son were disappointed again yesterday. !
The vessel was to have got away at 4
p. m.. but, owing to the machinery of
the river steamer City of Dawson not
being in working order, the sailing w;t.
postponed until to-day. Thf City of
Dawson is to be towed up by the Dirigo,
and when everything was thought to be
ready for a start her machinery was
found to be out of order. She was tried
yesterday and another defect found.
The engineers now say that they will
have her ready to go to-day.
WAR CUSTOM TARIFFS.
Owners of Vessels and Shippers of
Tea Will Subscribe to the Ex
penses of the War.
A portion of the war tax will be col
lected by the Collector of the Port. Col
lector Jackson received yesterday a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury ad
vising him as to the portion of the war
tax collectible by him. The following is
a summary:
Tea, all qualities. 10 cents per pound.
Bills of lading, 1 cent.
Contracts for charters of ships, steamer
or sail, not exceeding 300 tons, $3; between
300 and 600 tons, $5; exceeding 600 tons, $10.
Manifest for custom-house entry or
clearance of the cargo of any ship, etc.,
for a foreign port, not exceeding tonnage
of 300, $1; not exceeding 600 tons, $3; ex
ceeding 600 tons, $5.
Passage tickets to a foreign port, if
costing not exceeding $30, $1; costing more
than $30 and not exceeding $60, $3; cost
ing more than $60, $5.
The foregoing stamp duties shall not
apply to steamboats or other vessels ply
ing between ports of the United States
and ports in British North America.
THE TOBACCO TAX.
Additional Instructions Received by
the Collector of Internal Rev
enue for the First District.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch yes
terday received the following letter from
the Internal Revenue Commissioner at
Washington:
"You are advised that manufacturers of
tobacco and snuff having on hand pack
ages of two, three and four ounces packed
prior to June 14, the day the new law went
into effect abolishing packages of those
denominations, whether stamped or un
stamped, may be permitted to remove the
same from the factory upon payment of
the increased rate of tax. This is to ap
ply only to stock on hand at that time.
On such two, three and four ounce un
stamped packages there will be affixed
stamps of those denominations imprinted
'ispue of IS3S," as heretofore instructed
and these stamps will be sold to manu
facturers at the new rate of tax. On such
two, three and four ounce packages to
which has been already affixed stamps at
the old rate of tax, collect difference be
tween the old and new rate."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, IS9B.
CRAVEN
RECORDS IN
LITIGATION
Are Now in the Hands
of the Court.
TURNED OVER YESTERDAY
THEY ARE WANTED BY THE
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT.
In All Probability Strong Opposition
Will Be Made to Prevent a
Transfer of the
Books.
The records of the proceedings of the
Mission Grammar School kept by Mrs.
Nettie R. Craven are now in the custody
of the court. There promises to be an
interesting contest to determine the title
to the books, as Mrs. Craven does not
wish to give them up, and the School
Department is equally anxious to get
possession of them. Some time ago Mrs.
Craven delivered the property in litiga
tion to J. M. Wilkins, proprietor of the
Cliff House, for safe keeping. A demand
to turn the books over to the School De
partment was made on Mr. Wilkins, but
as Mrs. Craven had declared that the
books were her private property, he re
fused to deliver them except by order of
court. Action for their recovery was in
■ "iist-quence instigated by Superintend
ent of Schools Webster. The case was
called by Judge Troutt yesterday. Wilk
ins was on hand with the books, and ex
plained that he did not wish to retain the
books and had no defense to the action
brought by the Superintendent of
Schools, but in turning them over he
wished to be relieved of responsibility.
I He further stated that he had promised
Judge Denson, Mrs. Craven's counsel,
that he would inform him when the case
was called for trial, that the interests
of Mrs. Craven might not suffer, but as
Judge Denson was out of the city he
had been unable to communicate with
•him. At this, point Attorney A. Ruef,
who was present in court as a party in
another notion, addressed the court and
asked that a continuance in the matter
be granted until such time as Mr. Den
son had been communicated with. Mr.
Ruef explained that he was of counsel
for Mrs. Craven, which accounted for his
interest in the case. Strenuous objection
to the stand taken by Ruef was made by
the Distrirt Attorney, who represented
Webster. The District Attorney was of
the opinion that as Mrs. Craven did not
appear of record in the case her inter
ests could not be considered by the court,
and that the hearing must proceed. The
court agreed to the argument in part.
but before proceeding appointed Attorney
Kuef amicus curiae to advise the court
matters in which the interests of
Mrs. Craven were involved. This sud
appointment of opposing counsel
took the District Attorney by surprise,
and for the time being defeated the pur
of the Superintendent of Schools.
Charles B. Stone, Assistant Superinten
dent of Schools, was called and testified
to the fact that all teachers employed
in this city and county were required to
keep a record such as was contained in
the books of each day's proceedings. He
said that the books in litigation were
similar to those given out by the School
Department to the teachers, but as he
could not swear that the books in ques
tion had been given Mrs. Craven and
were not purchased by her, a doubt as
to their title arose. Judge Troutt was in
clined to turn the books over to the
School Department, but Ruef objected on
the ground that the ownership of the
property had not been satisfactorily es
tablished, and gained his point. Counsel
fur Webster promised to produce wlt
nesses to positively establish the title to
the books, and the case went over until
this afternoon. Ruef requested the court
to order the clerk to seal the books that
no curious or interested person might
tamper with them.
The books in question were eagerly
sought for by the police during- the trial
of the suit brought by the executors of
the will of James G. Fair against Mrs.
Craven to quiet title to valuable prop
erty claimed by Mrs. Craven under gift
deeds she alleged were given her by the
deceased millionaire. The police con
tended that the books showed that Mrs.
Craven was in school attending to her
duties on days she claimed to have been
absent, and so testified under oath dur
ing the trial of the action brought
against her. The fact that Ruef re
quested the sealing of the books caused
considerable comment among the court
frequenters, and to-day they expect a for
midable opposition will be put forth to
prevent a transfer of the much-desired
records.
BOUGHT A FERRY-BOAT.
To Be Used as an Extra Transfer Be-
tween Vallejo and Mare Island
Navy Yard.
The Southern Pacific Company has sold
Its steam ferry-boat No. 2 at Portland to
parties who will use it as a traoisfer be
tween Vailejo and Mare Island. The pur
chasers are ex-Senator James McCudden
of Vallejo; Captain R. J. R. Aden, presi-
dent of the Piper-Aden-Goodall Trans
portation Company, and G. W. Wilson,
president of the Vallejo Commercial
Bank. The ferry-boat is to be delivered
at Vallejo, and will be towed from the
mouth of the Columbia by a powerful
San Francisco tug. She is a fine Bteel
boat. She was built in East Portland in
1879, at a cost of more than $100,000, for
the Oregon and California Railroad Com
pany. Her length is 123 feet, beam 31%
feet, draught 9 feot, gross tonnage 414
and net tonnage 255. This boat is to be
used as an extra ferry to meet the de
mands of the travel between Vallejo and
Mare Island navy-yard. It is estimated
that there are now about 2000 Govern
ment employes who cross the water, a
distance of 1700 feet, every day. The fare
is 50 cents a week, and the ticket-hold
ers may make as many trips a day as
they wish.
THE CHARGES APPROVED.
State Board of Railway Commission-
ers Allow Valley Road Rates.
The State Board of Railway Commis T
pinners met yesterday afternoon to con
sider the rates fixed by the Valley Rail
road for the transportation of grain from
the various points along the road and
passenger rates to and from Fresno.
Much discussion and searching of the
archives was necessary before matters
were satisfactorily settled. It was dis
covered that the rates fixed oy the Val
ley road were less than those fixed by
the Commissioners a few months ago.
The unanimous approval of the Commis
sioners present followed, and the Valley
road rates were allowed to stand as de
termined.
Fourth of July Celebration.
The executive committee of the Fourth
of July committee met last night to dis
cuss plans and arrangements for the
coming celebration.
The grand marshal reported that there
would be fully 12,000 of the regular and
volunteer soldiers in the parade, in addi
tion to school children and representa
tives from civic societies.
The fireworks committees announced
that a contract had been entered Into for
a grand pyrotechnic display to be given
at a cost not to exceed $800.
The regatta committee reported that
arrangements had been made for an
aquatic entertainment on July 3. Medals
and cash prizes, amounting to $340, will
be distributed among the successful com
petitors In the several events.
Bogus Lottery Men at Work.
The police have been notified of the
operations ot a man who has been sell-
Ing bogus lottery tickets and obtaining
money from purchasers of the tickets
on the pretext that they had drawn a
prize. He takes them to an office down
town, where a confederate, on payment
of $10, gives them an order for the prize,
which is repudiated on presentation at
the office of the genuine lottery com
pany.
DOGS OF GREAT SPEED.
High-Class Flyers to Course for Big
Money at Union Park.
Coursing is one of the great outdoor
sports that is moving rapidly to the front
and, according to the increased purses
and the large number of hounds that are
being entered weekly for the Union Cours
ing Park meetings, it is probable that in
the near future three days Instead of
two will be absolutely necessary in which
to run off the stakes.
Eighty-seven dogs were entered last
evening for Saturday's and Sunday's
coursing at Union Park and among the
number there are the pick of the State:
Puppy Stake— Entries, 32; total of money
prizes, $242 50. Result: J. Hagerty's Magnecia
vb. Bartell Bros.' Max Melody; Larkey &
Rock's Minerva vs. T. E. Lovelady's Meta; J.
T. Wehmeyer's One Spot vs. John Egan's Billy
Gladstone; E. V. Sullivan's Black Lock vs. J.
A. Watson's Mips Skyrocket; Bartell Bros.'
Bull Hill vs. James O' Brian's Admiral Dewey;
J. Anthony's Statesman vs. J. J. Edmond's
Morning Glory; O. H. Iloag Jr.'s Obadlah vs.
B. & S. Kennel's Beauty Spot; R. C. Scott's
Daisy Dean vs. G. Sharman's Wait a Little;
B. & S. Kennel's Brandy and Soda vs. H. R.
Baldwin's Brutus; B. & S. Kennel's Belle of
Seville vs. E. V. Sullivan's Sunburst; E. V.
Sullivan's Golden Russet vs. G. H. Burfelnd's
Royal Prize; Pasha Kennel's Robin Adair vs.
B. Dougherty's Heather Dell; E. V. Sullivan's
Flyaway vs. J. A. Watson's Sky Queen;
Ho"lmes & Shllchtlng's Scarfpin vs. C. L. Wil
let's Jersey Lily; E. V. Sullivan's Maid of Erin
vs. Larkey &; Rock's Liberty Bell; I. F. Hal
ton's Tic-Tac vs. Pasha Kennel's Rich and Art
less.
All- Age Stake — 56 dogs; total prize money,
$647 50. Entries: T. J. Cronin's Magnet vs. J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass; S. E. Portal's Gallagher
vs. D. Hooper's Koala wn; T. J. Cronin'a
Thornhill vs. R. C. Scott's Mystery; S. E.
Portal's Our Boy vs. Larkey & Rock's Hercu
les; L. Austin's Douglas vs. Frank Nune's
Menlo; D. J. Healey's Rusty Gold vs. J. H.
Smith's Bendigo; F. Jones' Do Me vs. A.
Vanderwhite's May Daisy; Pierce & Sullivan's
Santa Bella vs. F. Moran's Van Kirk; John
Kerrigan's Lady Blanche vs. F. Murphy^ s Gilt
Edge; Curtis & Son's Miller's Maid vs. Curtis
& Son's Vanity Fair; Pasha Kennel's Alameda
vs. E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer; Larkey St
Rock's Myrtle vs. D. J. Healey's Wave; S. E.
Portal's Laurelwood vs. George Whitney's
Theron; F. Jones' Little Hope vs. B. Dough
erty's Tessle Fair: T. McEldoney's The Gns
soon vs. D. Hooper's Bend Along: J. Tracey's
Jessie vs. Pembrook Kennel's Terrona; Pasha
Kennel's Metallic vs. R. B. Kay's Eclipse; E.
V. Sullivan's Right Bower vb. Curtis & Son's
Lady Campbell: Curtis & Son's Rosette vs. E.
V. Sullivan's Skyball: E. V. Sullivan's Jesse
Moore vs. WlJUam Coffer's Sailor; L. Austin's
Glenstone vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince of
Fashion; J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips vs. M. J.
Dougherty's Peaceful Glen; John Perrigo's
Chile Pepper vs. Pierce & Sullivan's Jessie
Maid: E. Scott's Lord Byron vs. R. C. Scott's
Dr Norman; E. V. Sullivan's Blackstone vs.
fl. E. PortaJ's Lightning: R. W. Mastick's Bor
der Valentine vs. Curtis & Son's Commodore;
F. Sullivan's Htrks vs. R. B. Kay's Sylvia; D.
Winders' Arno vs. A. Harder's Rey AlfonßO.
ASSASSINS PROVED
TO BE SMALL BOYS
RICHARD GARNETT ATTACKED
WITH A TORPEDO.
Piedmont's Mystery on Investigation
Ends in Verdict Satisfactory
to All.
OAKLAND, June 22. — The shooting
"mystery" of last Saturday evening, when
Richard Garnett thought he was made the
target of a burglar's bullet, was entirely
cleared up to-night at an investigation
held by the Chief of Police in his office.
There was not a bullet fired, and the in
nocent cause of the great scare was two
young boys, a dog, a tin can and two
torpedoes.
Mr. Garnett is a wealthy resident of
Piedmont, and resides at Perry and .Ver
r.on streets. As he was retiring on Satur
day night he heard a shot In his back
yard, and his watchdog was barking
fiercely. He reported to the police that
he went to the back door and there was
another shot fired. Garnett readied for
his pistol, and as he did so he saw a tall
man clear the rear fence at a bound, and
the assassin or burglar was instantly lost
in the darkness. Such was the report to
the police.
Detective Holland was put to work on
the case and reported that there was
nothing in It. Deputy Constable Hitch
cock, who Is on duty In that neighbor
hood, ran down the mystery.
Hitchcock was particularly interested in
the case, as somehow or other the rumor
was passed around that he had been do
ing some promiscuous shooting in the
neighborhood he found the culprits.
To-night Chief Fletcher had all the
witnesses in his office. Two lads, named
Leland Garfield and Ernest Coffin, testi
fied that they were out with some tor
pedoes on Saturday night, and that as
Garnett's dog was barking loudly they
threw a tin can at him. A little later thpy
threw a couple of torpedoes at the ani
mal and werfl home. The Chief has no
doubt the boys told the truth and is con
vinced that no bullets were fired and that
Deputy Sheriff Hitchcock was not with
in a mile of the place when the boys ex
ploded the torpedoes. The affair cre
ated a sensation around Piedmont, as it
Is a locality of large residences and little
police protection.
MIDWEEK THEATRICAL NOTES.
At the Columbia the Frawley company
Is giving an excellent production of Bron
son Howard's comedy drama, "Aristoc
racy," the leading roles being given Intel
ligent and pieasing interpretation by
Theodore Roberts, Edward Bell, Made
line Bouton, Cora Tinnie and others. On
Monday night next the Frawleys will pro
duce for the first time in this city Briga
dier General Charles King's military
drama, "Fort Frayne." It is a thrilling
representation of life in a Western gar
rison.
The Passion Play is at the present time
drawing larger audiences than it has at
any time during the past seven weeks it
has been on exhibition in this city. The
drama is given every afternoon and even
ing at the Baldwin Theater.
Alcazar Theater.
When "A Celebrated Case," which holds
the boards at the Alcazar (its second
week) closes Sunday evening Mr. Morri
son will begin his sixth week at that
house in a beautiful historical comedy in
four acts entitled "Frederick the Great."
Mr. Moirison will interpret the life of
Frederick and his support will comprise
the combined strength of tne Alcazar
company.
The Tivoli.
The successful operatic burlesque, "All
Baba, or Cassim and the Forty Thieves,"
with its wealth of beautiful scenery and
costumes, graceful dances, good music,
topical songs and hits, will be played only
this v.eek at the Tivoli Opera-house.
Among the specialties that have won fa
vor is the novel musical act of Tony
Ryan, the mad musician: the tableau
vivant, "The Spirit of 76, with the song
"Yankee Doodle Boys," by Miss Hall, Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Henri and Mr. Kavanagh.
Next week an elaborate revival of Yon
Suppe's beautiful comic opera, "Boccac
cio," will be given.
The Orpheum.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is
above the usual high average. Among the
specially good things are Tim Murphy in
his imitations of famous actors, the
Judges, sensational acrobats, and the
"Four Cohans," with their sketch includ
ing burlesque, high-kicking, etc. Other
popular acts of last week are retained.
Morosco's.
The excellent production of "After
Dark" at Morosco's is drawing good
houses. It is handsomely staged, and the
principal parts are ably acted, making the
play a very entertaining one.
The Chutes.
The Chutes are reaping a rich harvest
these pleasant days. Aside from Cannon,
the biggest man on earth, there are many
attractions, including a good vaudeville
show in the free theater.
Police Officers Fined.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last night Officers J. Kelly and George
W. Meyer were fined $50 and $10, respect
ively, for neglect of duty.
If the lead in your pencil la poor, try the
fa^mous "Koh-I-Noor." •
INSURANCE
TAX WILL
BE PAID
A. J. Clunie Obtains
Big Concessions.
A PEACEFUL SETTLEMENT
THE 1 PER CENT TAX ON PRE
MIUMS SECURED.
The Foreign Companies Will
Pay It During Clunie's
Term of Of
fice.
At last the long fight for the 1 per cent
tax on gross premiums collected for in
surance policies has ended and Andrew J.
Clunie has come out victorious. Word
was received in this city last night that
the foreign insurance companies with
chief agencies in New York would willing
ly pay the tax while Clunie reigns if they
were freed from the annoyances put upon
them by his bellicose attitude.
Some ten years ago this State passed
a law charging foreign insurance com
panies doing business here a tax of
1 per cent on the gross premiums col
lected. This law the insurance companies
claimed was illegal to the roois and they
fought it in the courts. The Supreme
Court passed judgment upon' the question
and pronounced this statutory law invaliu
with certain restrictions. Then came the
futile efforts of succeeding commissioners
to collect the tax.
When Clunie entered upon the duties of
his office he was determined to annoy the
foreign companies until they saw fit to
pay the tax. The tax was to be distrib
uted among the Fire Departments of the
various communities in which the pre
miums were collected. The average tax
in this State would amount annually to
about $30,000, the greater portion of which
would go to the San Francisco Fire De
partment were the tax paid.
Clunie began his offensive operations by
blocking the way of the foreign insurance
companies at every step. The result was
that about a dozen injunction suits were
filed in the United States District Court,
and Clunie was enjoined for the time
being. Then he tasted a portion of oppo
sition.
To right matters and untie the Gordian
knot the Commissioner went East and
opened negotiations with the chief agents
in this country. He was in dire distress
on account of the injunction suits, and
they were in utter despair on account
of the stumbling stones that Clunle
dropped in the road that they had to
travel. Compromise was the result.
The foreign Insurance companies are
now willing to pay the 1 per cent tax
for the full term of Clunie's office. The
amount of the tax for last year reaches
$30,000, and as the Commissioner has left
four years of service in the insurance
army the net gain to the State will be at
least $150,000.
The back taxes, the unpaid accretions
for ten years, has been sacrificed for the
moment. The New York insurance men
are of the opinion that Clunie should
rest peacefully if they promise him a
payment of the tax while he is in office.
One other matter of importance was
brought to a focus and a beneficial settle
ment obtained for the city. The foreign
insurance companies have agreed to rec
ognize this city as one with a full paid
up Fire Department. This means a re
duction of 25 per cent on the insurance
rates charged. With the competition
that this will stir up among local insur
ers cuts in rates should soon be in order.
The underwriters have met and dis
cussed the proposition, but have yet come
to no conclusion. Whether or 'no they
will accept what the foreien companies
offer is a matter which is now under de
bate.
STOLE FROM HIS EMPLOYERS.
A Porter Accused of Getting Away
With a Large Quantity of Paint.
"W. W. "Whyters, who was employed by
Whlttier, Fuller & Co. for some time in
the capacity of porter, was arrested yes
terday on a warant by Detective Eagan
and lodged in the City Prison pending ex
amination. It is claimed that the pris
oner, in collusion with other employes in
the establishment, has during the" past
few months got away with paints and oils
to the value of $1500.
The continued losses occasioned by the
repeated thefts aroused the suspicion of
the firm, and the matter was placed in the
hands of the police. Their efforts to lo
cate the leak were fruitless, but suspicion
was laid on "Whyters and a few others.
The result was that a warrant was sworn
to which led to his arrest. It is expected
that further warants will be sworn to to
day for outsiders who received the stolen
stuff.
A Female Socialist Agitator.
Liberty branch, Socialist Labor party,
introduced a novelty at its regular propa
ganda meeting last night in the form of
a woman orator— Mrs. R. S. Lillle— who
spoke on "Ideals of Socialism." She in
troduced her speech with the usual ex
pression that the present social system
is all wrong and that the laboring classes
are downtrodden and that the day is not
far distant when there will be a tremen
dous social revolution, placing all on a
common level. Her ideal of socialism
she expressed as simple justice, and ar
gued that if justice were truly meted out
all labor would be alike honorable; the
many would not be forced to toil to sup
port the few, and want and its conse
quent evils would be banished forever.
Violating the Fire Ordinance.
T. B. Maxwell, a capitalist, was con
victed by Judge Low yesterday of violat
ing the fire ordinance, but at the request
of his attorney sentence was postponed
till to-day, as he desired to cite authori
ties to prove that the defendant was
within his rights. The defendant erected
a high fence on his property at the cor
ner of Market street and City Hall ave
nue for advertising purposes, but did not
APVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
aohe. Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushing
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Coetiveness.
Blotches on the Skin, Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Tromblin/j Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AM'M PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c at all Drug Stores.
confine his operations to the portion in
the permit granted by the Board of Su
pervisors. .
Haynes Must Pay His Lawyers.
Judge Bahrs gave judgment yesterday
in favor of Attorneys J. N. E. Wilson
and Edwin M. Sweeney and against The
odore Park Haynes, the slayer of Police
Lieutenant Burke, for $1920, the amount
claimed by the lawyers as their fee
earned in his defense. A summons was
served on Haynes in the County Jail, but
he allowed the case to go by default,
and in consequence the court had no op
tion but to award judgment as prayed for.
Elected a Business Agent.
At a meeting of the local carpenters'
union Harry M. Saunders was unani
mously re-elected as business agent for
the next term. Mr. Saunders has al
ready held this office for some years and
the confidence his fellow-workmen have
of his ability was shown by the fact that
there was no opposition.
Delegates to the Mining Congress.
Mayor Phelan yesterday announced
that he had appointed the following dele
gates to the International Mining Con
gress to be held next month at Salt
Lake City: .T. J. Crawford. J. F. Hal
loran, B. T. Lacy and John Daggett.
PRINCESS VICTORIA
TO WED JOHN BARING
Now the Formal Betrothal Is Await
ing the Approval of the
Queen.
LONDON, June 22.— The newspapers to
day announce the probable engagement or
Princess Victoria of Wales to John Bar
ing, Baron Revelstoke. The formal be
trothal is awaiting the approval of Queen
Victoria.
Princess Victoria Alexandra Olga Mary
is the second daughter of the Prince of
Wales, and was born July 6, IS6B. Lord
Revelstoke is the second of that title, his
father, Edward Charles Baring, head of
the mercantile firm of Baring Brothers &
Co., having been elevated to the peerage
as Baron Revelstoke in 1885. The present
Lord Revelstoke, who succeeded to the
title and to the responsibilities as the head
of the Barings' Banking Company in 1897,
is 34 years old.
CONGRESS OF "WOMEN.
Fourth Biennial Gathering of the
General Federation.
DENVER, June 22.— The most notable
gathering of women ever held in the
country— the fourth biennial convention of
the General Federation of Women's Clubs
—opened to-day in the Brcadway Theater.
After an invocation by Rev. Celia Parker
Woolley of Chicago, addresses of welcome
were given by Alva Adams, Governor of
Colorado; T. S. McMurray, Mayor of Den
ver; Mrs. M. D. Thatcher, president of the
Colorado Federation, and Mrs. Sarah
Piatt, president of the Denver Woman's
Clubs. The response by Mrs. Henrotin
was warmly applauded. In a touching
and effective manner she expressed ncr
appreciation of her reception.
The report of the corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. Philip Moore of St. Louis, was
interesting. The federation now includes
695 clubs, with a membership of 60,000, and
thirty State federations, made up of 2100
clubs, With a membership of 150.000. Tak
ing out the duplicate memberships, it
leaves 160,000 women in the country
pledged to the motto, "Unity in Divers
ity." There is an honorary membership
of twenty-one.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
HELPS/ &L \A NON-
whebc/ J&*&± \INTOX-
GTHExo tf mSSSf >ibkA vv •/■ amy
over-worked business men, pro- 4.
fessional men. and all others sub- \
jectto great mental and physical '
wear and tear, should always use,,,
this never-tailing vitality restorer, 1
. Stands alone in its vivifying, nutri- "
tying and force-producing powers. .-
Contains highest percentage of
Malt nutriment. ; .i»u-
IU ORUfiOISTS.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M ILWAU KEE.U Sj\.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
; Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. ' . •
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT,
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9. 189 S.
-DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas, I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric • Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
using it only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with any pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
istence, as the electric current Is both powerful
and lasting.. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and now, after using it several months. it is
as good as new. .
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Yours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H, ISth Infantry, U. S. Army.
$y Buy"- no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and tells all about it, or call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
BfTRjDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Mr^*TjB!m Five hundred reward for any case
X""» »*|J we cannot cure. This secret remedy
'■' '. stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
BBSt BSai Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
RIH Wf(n Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Msni UjM Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WCfl KSa fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
fil22KsSs3 sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc,, cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
'■ : • ' All. J>K!''- ' .
**^*fflS&*s'«'*gr Big Oil « non-pofgonoa«
~<*4mSiK£^—~<S}*ZfM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jiMlUr tiOKEB^CEB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
MHvin l to 6 4iys.W Whites, unnatural dis-
JBmw Guar»nt<-t- ; d m charges, or any inflamma-
frStjf not to suletnre. tion, irritation or ukera-
g^ -rMerticnts cocugion. tion of mucous mem-
•7»VHEEvANSCHEM!£!tfio. branes. Non-astringent.
VgAciNOINNATI.oE^I Sold by Drnanruts.
Wik. C.S. a. y^gf^or sent in plain wrapper,
/Vn^. mryj by* express, prepaid, for
•iJOiefasryr^H 110I 1 00 ' or 3 bottles, »2.75.
•» V ■ Circular *°nt on request
:^ffi^DEWEY;srRONG &Co>!f?V
\i J.|
XS^33OMARKET ST.S.F.VSS/
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A , BITTERS, L THB
... great ■ i Mexican i remedy; give* health . and
i«u epsth to the sexual organ*. ;-. _ - d
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
bostonlndalasra
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners. Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
ers for
DAWSONGITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS, Via
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
steel RRIYHATYT •
STEAMSHIP BIUAnAUI,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 5.
steel T A TIT? ADA
STEAMSHIP U IIAISA;
SAILING" ON OR ABOUT JULY 15.
Itlamship SOUTH PORTLAND,
-SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 25.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with th« .
company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES.
Colonel McNaught. Governor Pingree. Philip B.
Low, A. E. Fay. B. B. Glascock. Michigan,
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns ' and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
in service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladles."
. Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, ' beat
berths, best time.
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINES.
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent.
20 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT,
" General Traffic Manager, Seattle. Wash.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'SGRSssi
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
LAST WEEK OF
GEORGE P. WEBSTER
In Dion Bouclcault's Great Melodrama
"AFTER DARK"
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY— SUPERB CAST.
Evening Prices — i -phine-main m. i
Orchestra, Reserved Seat .V.. ....... 50c
Parquet, Reserved Seat J.....25c
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat.... .....25c
Family Circle and Gallery • • • 10c
MATINEES— SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRAU/LEYCOMPAISY
Artistic Presentation of the Comedy-Drama
ARISTOCRACY!
By Bronson Howard. Author of "Shenandoah."
v "The Henrietta," etc.
An American Play by an American Author.
Next Monday — General King's "FORT
FRAYKE." " ;
BALDWIN THEATER.
DO NOT MISS IT.
The Novelty of the Decade,
"THE PASSION PLAY."
Two Performances Daily, 3 and 8:30. Admis-
sion, With Seats— Adults, 25c: Children, 15c.
THE GREAT SHOW HOUSE 0? THE CITY!
MR. TIM MURPHT, Impersonations. >~"if
THE FOUR COHANS, "Money to Burn."
THE GREAT JUDGES. Acrobatic Equili-
brists. -
FANNY WENTWORTH, Society Entertainer.
Last Week of the Following Artists: CARLIN
& CLARK, SA VANS, KATIE ROONET.
WILLS & LORETTO and ALBURTUS &
BARTRUM.
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
NO PERFORMANCE THIS EVENING
» On Account of Death of
MR. CHARLES KRAUSE, FATHER OF MRS.
ERNESTINE KRELING.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
AL.I.BABA!
NEXT WEEK— "BOCCACCIO." \
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR seat b n y c.
LAST NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON
As Count de Mornay. FLORANCE ROBERTS
as Valentine de Mornay.
THE CELEBRATED CASE !
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON in the His-
torical Comedy. FREDERICK THE GREAT.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
RED GROSS BENEFIT,
Under the Auspices of • '
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROSS AID,
N. D. G. W. -<
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
DRILL AND REVIEW OF FIFTY-FIRST
lOWA VOLUNTEERS.
Major General Merritt will review the troops.
Scenes from camp life, etc.
ADMISSION... 25c and 600
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES! ||pg^ RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND. ,
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
(No Races Monday, June 27.)
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
TERED.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
Admission, 50c.
Races Commence at 1:30 Clock.
YOUNGSTERS ! ENJOY VACATION AND SEE
HENRI MAURICE CANNON.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER.
FLAGSHIP "NEW YORK" AND MOVING
PICTURES. " • .
AN INGUANA, GILA MONSTERS . AND :
SNAKES •IN THE ZOO.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, 80.
GRAND OPENING REGATTA!
7  SINGLE ! SCULLS.
EL OATVIPO,
5UNDAY.............;.....':".. ..JUNE 26, 1898
• Races . start promptly •at 1 p. m.
' Fare, round trip, including admission to the
grounds, 25c.
Steamer Uklah leaves Ttburon ferry, ; foot of
Market St., S. F., 10:30 a. m., 12:10, 2:00 and
-4:00 p. m. Returning leaves El Campo at 11:15
a. m., 1:00, 3:00 and 6:30 p. m. ;
mirabel^arkTrussian RIVER
. SATURDAY, June 25, 1898. '
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MASTER
PLUMBERS OF THE UNITED
I ' STATES.
SECOND ANNUAL FAMILY EXCURSION-
GATE PRIZES. •
. Tickets.: $1. Children. EOc.
Tiburon Ferry-boat at 9 a. m.
niVMDTi I Comer of Mason «n«
: . ul I JUt* 1 a | ... Eddy strati,
ANEW SUPERB BILL OF NOVELTIES. •
DE BOE, the "Upside-Down Man"; LA ROT
SISTERS, MAUDE ROCKWELL. ENYVELL,
LA MONT, WILLIAMS. GAMBOL and BIO-
GRAPH. With War , Scenes. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. ':,v,.-:::.. ; * • > :-v: -v , a ;
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN - NIGHTS^;
: Open Daily, from 7a. m. until 11 p. m. ,
ADMISSION 10c - - - -CHILDREN Oa
■;.;■ Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20% ■y% : :
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull and weak.
Other Cereals neglected and nominal.
Bran lower. Middlings unchanged.
Hay about the same.
Beans dull and nominal.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs quiet.
Another car of Eastern poultry sold.
Peaches continue to advance.
Grapes coming in from Yuma.
Honey crop short.
Provisions In fair demand.
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Hides firm.
Brisk demand for Hogs.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The amount of money in circulation In tha
United States on June 1 was $1,839,898,000. The
increase In ten years has been $442,427,000, of
Which $272,609,000 Is In gold coin.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following bulletin, Issued by the Bu
reau of Statistics of the- Treasury Department,
shows the value of the principal articles of
merchandise exported from the I'nited States
for the eleven months ending May 31: Bread
stuffs $2'.'5.603.13!>. cotton J222.351.150, mineral
oils 150,198,715, cuttle and hogs $32,111,068, pro
1141.778,827, tr-tal $742,072,928. The
values for the eleven months ended May 31,
1597, were $607,572,020. The value of the exports
of breadstuff s from San Francisco during, the
eleven months was $21,560,166.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 22, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, S4; Lob Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff. 7S; Independence SS; San Diego, 66; Sac
ramento. 78; San Luis Obispo. 6S; Yuma, 94.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 60;
minimum. .52; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure stUl cont | nues ] 0W over tne Pa
cllic C>i&si. An area of low pressure lies over
the upper Missouri Valley, with an extension
southweetward, and a secondary low over the
try between the Sierras and the Rocky
Mountains. During th>- past twi-nty-four hours
there has been a rising pressure over Utah.
The temperature lias fallen decidedly over
Utah and In tVntral < "iilifornia.
A thunder-storm is reported at Salt Lake
City.
Brisk northwesterly winds have prevailed
along the central 'coast of California.
Rain has fallen In Arizona, Utah and North
western Texas. It has also fallen along the
coast from the month of the Columbia River
northward. A light shower is reported in the
northern portion of the Sacramento Valley.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Kureka, 26 miles per hour from the
northwest; San Francisco, 36 west; El Paso,
SO m utheast.
Forecasts mad? at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 23, IS9S:
N'rthern California — Cloudy Thursday;
warmer in the northern portion; fresh westerly
wind
S uthern California — Cloudy Thursday; prob
ably light showers In the mountains; fresh
•westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Vtah — Showers early Thursday morning;
Cloudy Thursday; warmer north.
Arizona- Cloudy and unsettled Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day; freeh westerly wind; warmer.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 12 miles per hour;
temperature, 58; maximum, 62.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 22.— The action of the I
stock market to-day Indicated the withdrawal [
of the outside public from speculation, pend- j
ing definite news regarding the operations of !
the American forces at Santiago and Manila I
and until the effects of the new revenue law |
and the Government loan are known. The pro- !
fessional operators were unable to advance or
depress prices in any marked degree. London i
operated on both sides of the market In Bal- j
timore and Ohio and was a purchaser of St. j
Paul. The weakness in Sugar, ascribed to J
prospective annexation of Hawaii, was a fea- 1
ture. The bears had everything their own way
in this specialty and were successful In forcing
out round amounts of stock, which carried
the price down 2% to 12*%. The succeed
ing operations were accompanied with consid
erable irregularity, rallies of a point or there
abouts occurring frequently, but the evident j
lack of inside support encouraged fresh demon- 1
strations, by the traders at every rise, the Btock ;
closing within V* of the lowest. The feverish
ness of this security permeated the general
market for a time, but the marked reluctance
of the standard shares to succumb to bear
pressure, coupled with some favorable traffic
statements, stimulated covering in the Granger
group, which carried these properties above i
the level of yesterday's close. The action of ;
the Lake Shore directors in making the semi- j
annual dividend to 3% per cent was also a 1
contributory factor in the late strength In the !
railways. B. and O. suffered, a loss of 3
points on liquidation Influenced by the drastic 1
nature of the reorganization plan. The bal- j
ance of the list was without feature and, com- i
paratively, prices show exceedingly light !
changes In either direction, | except in isolated i
cases.
Transactions in bonds were on a large scale
and prices of the leading speculative issues
registered gains all around, with Union Pacific
and Atchisun lines unusually heavy. The gen- j
eral speculation exhibited a strong tone and
furnished ample evidence that large amounts
of capital were seeking investment In stable '
securities at remunerative rates. The aggre- j
gate sales were $2,131,000.
Government bonds were easy in tone, the old ;
registered 4's ruling % lower.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 246,500
shares, including: 9900 Atchison preferred, 19,- 1
055 Baltimore and Ohio, 13,712 Burlington, 9155 j
C, C, C. & St. L., 5190 Northern Pacific pre- I
ferred. 4190 Rock Island, 12,449 St. Paul, 11,733 j
Union Pacific preferred, 3360 American Spirits,
18,977 Tobacco, 50,559 Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ..' 13 Do prefd 150
Do prefd 33 St PM & M ....... 141
Baltimore & Ohio 16 So Pacific 18
Canada Pacific .. 83% So Railway 8%
Canada southern. 51% Do prefd 29%
Central Pacific .. 13 Texas & Pacific .. 11%
Ches & Ohio 22% Union Pac prefd. 59
Chi & Alton 159 U P D & G . 7
Chi B & Q 104% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 66% Do prefd 18%
C C C & St L.... 40% Wheel & L E 1%
Do prefd 87' Do prefd 10%
Del & Hudson.... 107. Express Companies-
Del L & W 154 Adams Ex 100
Den & It G. 12 American Ex .... 127
Do prefd 50% United States .... 40
Erie (new) 13% Wells Fargo 122
Do Ist prefd.... 35V. Miscellaneous-
Fort Wayne 168 A 'Cot Oil ...j.... 20%
Gt Nor prefd..... 176% Do prefd 73% -
Hocking Valley... 8% Amn Spirits 13%
Illinois Central .. 103% Do prefd 36% '
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco 114% I
Do prefd 70 Do prefd 119
Lake Shore 186% People's Gas .... 96
Louis & Nash 51% Cons Gas 195
Manhattan L ■ 103% Com Cable C 0.... 170
M.i St Rv 160 Col F & Iron.' " 21
Mich Central .... 104 Do Drefd . . SO
Minn & St L 27% Gen Electric 37«
Do Ist prefd.... 90 Illinois Steel 54
Mo Pacific 34% Laclede Gas 48%
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Lead .. 33%
WoK & T 11 Do prefd ....".'. l'. 106
_£oPre" •• 32* Nat Lin Oil 17
Chi Ind & L 9% Or Imp Co 29
•., D ,°J refrl • 30 Pacific Mall 28%
N J Central , 94 Pullman Palace... 190
£'? rSfiPmt'V Ml* Sllver Certificates 58%
N 1 hi &St L. 13 Stand R& T 5*4
Do Ist prefd.... 67 Sugar ...... 128%
Do 2d nrefd .... 30% Do prefd : i"v .".<££s
Nor West . 14 TC& Iron 23%
No Amer Co 6% v S Leather 7%
No Pacific 25% Doprefd r ..::::: 65V*
• Do prefd ••; <? Vi D s Rubber 23%
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd ....... 83%
Or R & Nay 50 West Union 90%
Or Short Line .. 28 Chi & N w 125
Pittsburg 168 1,0 prefd ".'. 170
Reading .......... 18% st L & S W 6%
Do Ist t,refd.... 4»K Do prefd ......... u<|
Rock Island 106 R g ■«• 25?*
St Louis * S F.. .7% Do '.".'.'.'.'.'. 66%
Do Ist prefd 60% ChlG W 14
■ Do 2d prefd.... 28 l « Haw Com Co .... 24
St Paul MM, union Pacific 23%
. Do prefd 14&% Brooklyn R T 49
Et P & Om 75'
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 125 N Carolina 65.... 125
. Do coup ...125 Do 4s 106
V S 4s 110 No Pac lsts ...... 115
- Do coup 111% Do 3s 61%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 98
U Sis reg........ 112% N T.C &St L 4s. 104%
' Do 58 coup ..... 112% Nor & W 65..... 121
District 3.65s ..... 115 Northwstrn cons. 142
Ala claim A 110 . Do deb 5s .... 116V4
. Do B .....103 O Nay lsts 116
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 126
Atchison 4s 93% O S Line 5s tr.... 106%
C Do adj 45...... 66*t, O Imp lsts tr.... 114 •
Can So 2ds ....... 108% Do 5s tr 60%
Chi Term 45....... 86 Pacific 6s of 95... 101%
C & Ohio 6s 114% Reading 4s 85%
C H & D 4V4S 104% ROW 15t5....... 89%
D & It G lsts.... 106% St L & I M C 6s. 95
D & X G 4s 94% Ist L & S F O 6s. 120%
East Term lsts... 107% St P Con 145
Erie Gen 45....... 74 St PC & P lsts.. 120%
FW & D lsts tr. 72% Do 5s 116%
Gen Elec 5s ...... 104 So Ry 5s ...-95%
D H & S A 65.... 105 Stand RAT 65.: 6G%
. Do 2ds .......... 102 Term new set 35.. 91
II &T C Ca. ....... 110 T & PL G lsts... 104%
Do con 6s ....... 104 Do Rr 2ds ...... 38
lowa C 15t5....... 101 UPD & G lsts.. 61%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 109%
L & N Uni 45.... 90% 'Do 2d5,... 84
Missouri 6s ....... 100 W Shore ■ 4s 109 .
M X & T 2d5.V... 62% Va Centuries .... 71%
Do 4s .. ..87% Do. deferred ... ... 6■>
N V Central Istß. 119% D P prefd .....;.. 69
N J C 65..-.. ....... 114 I Do 4s-. .:..."...,. 97%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OS Ontario 50
Crown Point 04 Ophtr 15
Con Cal & Va 23 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 06 Do prefd 225
Hale & Norcross.. 60 Sierra Nevada ... -■ 45
Homestake 45 00 ; Standard 160
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 10
Mexican • 05 I Yellow Jacket .... 10
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 22.— Atchison. 12; Bell Tele
phone. 275; Burlington, 101%; Mexican Central,
4v*.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 22— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet, dull and featureless
to-day. Improvement in Brazils continue.
Spanish 4s were flat. It is understood that
coupons held by residents In Spain are not to
be sold on a gold basis. This led to selling on
Spanish account. Americans were quiet and
dull, closing a shade above the worst. New
York selling of B. & O. was the feature. Ca
nadian Pacific and Grand Trunk were good.
The rate war Is said to be sealed.
The money market here Is still easier to-day.
It is an even chance whether the bank rate
will or will not be reduced to-morrow.
The fact that a new Indian loan Is soon to
come out favors a decline before long. v ■■••.-
CLOSING.
LONDON. June 22.— Consols for money. 111H;
do for the account. 11l 3-16; Canadian Pacific,
864; Grand Trunk, $%. Bar silver, steady,
27Hd per ounce. Money, %@1 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,031 barrels; exports, 962 barrels." Inactive and
barely steady;: V ■?:;
WHEAT— Receipts. 201,900 bushels; exports.
231,556 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red. 87c afloat
Options were weak all day. except for a. relief
raJly on covering. Motives for bear actions
were formed on disappointing Liverpool cables,
improved home crop news and rumore of a
French failure. December closed 2%c net lower
and other months Kgl'io oft. No. 2 red July,
77Vg79VfeC closed 79c.
METALS— Tin and . lead continue to show
pronounced strength and fair activity, but the
balance of the list in the local market shows
little energy or change.
PlfJlßON— Warrants closed unchanged, with
$6 r,<) bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $11 73 bid
and $12 asked.
TlN— Firmer at $15 224 bid and $15 27^4 asked.
SPELTER— NominaI, at $5 bid and $5 25
asked.
LEAD- Firmer, at $3 9"H bid ar« $4 02H
asked. The nrm that fixes the settling price
for miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 75.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet and unchanged
to 6 points higher. Sales. 10,500 bags, includ
ing July. $5 CO. Spot coffee— Rio, dull and fea
tureless; No. 7 Invoice, 6' 4 c; No, 7 Jobbing,
B%c; mild, neglected; Cordova, B%@l6ttc.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, luit generally steady;
fair refining. 3<h,c; centrifugal, 96 test, tfco; re
flm>d. st-H.ly, Imt Inactive.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10.900 packages. West
ern creamery, 13^fgT7r: imitation creamery, 12
'(il4'ic; Elgins, 17c; factory, iv<t\2\c.
K<;<;S — Receipts, BM4 packages. Steady;
Western and Southern, lie.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
'CHICAGO, June Wheat started weak on
the fine weather throughout the country. The
denial from Paris of any serious damage by
rust to the French crop was also a factor at the
opening. Liverpool cables were an additional
disappointment to the bulls, as it was ex
pected that the sharp bu)ge yesterday In Chi
cago would be reflected on the other side. Un
der such conditions the bulls soon began to feel
nervous and let go a good deal of their high
priced Wheat. September, which closed yes
terday at 69c, sold down to 67% c. July, which
left off last night at 74%@74%c, declined to 73c.
The domestic crop reports were not universally
fayorable by any means, but the good so
largely exceeded the bad that the latter no
longer had the effect of alarming any one about
the general result. The elaborate arrangements
that were made yesterday to market the enor
mous cash Wheat holdings did not have the
altogether reassuring effect that was appar
ently expected.
The failure of a small French house In the
grain trade was reported and the name of the
principal being Dreyfus, it was at first feared
to be the great firm of Louis Dreyfus & Co. I
of Paris. . That caused one of the market's
weakest moments. There was a sharp rally
from the lowest point when it was known that
the Dreyfus who had failed was . an insignifi
cant concern doing a small business on a lim
ited capital. July closed %@%c lower and Sep
tember lost 1%@1%c.
Lassitude prevailed In Corn, occasioned by
the bright sunshine. improved crop reports and
lack of export demand, and it closed %c down.
Oats sympathized with other declines. July
closed %c lower.
Heavy receipts of Hogs and the weakness of
Wheat caused a heavy feeling In Provisions.
The dregs of the yellow fever scarce were also
to be found at the bottom of the depression.
July pork closed 5c lower, lard and ribs 2%c
lower.
The leading futures ranged as fallows:
Article — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 80 82% £0 82%
July '. 73% 74% 72% 74
September 63 6S 67 67%
December 68% 65% 67% 67%
Corn No. —
July 32% 32% 32% 32*:
September 32% 33% 32% 33
December 33 7 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
September 20% 20% 20% . 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 47% 9 62% 9 62% 960
September 9 67% 9 77% 960 975
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 5 72% 5 72% 663 6 72%
September 580 5 82% 575 5 &2%
Short Ribs, per 100 n>s—
July 5 40 6 45 5 35 5 45
September 550 555 .5 45 655 •
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. I spring wheat, 6G@6Sc; No. 3 spring
wheat, 62*872 c: No. 2 red. 75c; No. 2 corn, 82% c;
Niv 2 cats., 25c; No. 2 whl:.\ ':s(g2S%o: Vr . 3
•wh't- 27c, No. 2 rye. 40@41; No. ? barley, 12
(835: No. 1 flax seed. $1 05; prime timothy seed,
%1 65: mess pork, per barrel, $9 COO 9 65; lti'd,
1-er 100 pour els. $5 70@5 72%; short ribs Hides
(loose), $5 2,"*i'-5 55; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4%»55c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 75@6.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,900 4.700
Wheat, bushels 4.900 30.400
Corn, bushels 394.500 306.000
Oats, bushels 162,200 343.000
Rye, bushels 700
Barley, bushels 11,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter market was firm; Creameries, 14'H16c; Dai
ries, llVi@l3%c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 10% c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Rpppipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 20.590 151.500
Duluth 49.3T.3 35,533
Milwaukee 37.700 650
Chicago 4,900 30.457
Toledo 7,953 30. 600
St. Louis 1,000 2,000
Detroit 1.780 557
Kansas City 6,500 7.500
Totals 129,812 255.797
Tidewater-
Boston 31, 513 68,405
New York 210,900 231,550
Philadelphia 7&2
Baltimore 6.294 56,000
New Orleans 168,410
Galveston 550
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 59 50 47 20
Closing „ 60 00 47 20
Flour^ —
Opening 26 60 2150
Closing 26 90 2160
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec
Opening 67% 6 810
Closing 84% 6 10% 58%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jnne 22.— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand for cattle to-day, and
prices were firm. Choice steers, $4 90-g7. 35; me
dium. $4 sOrg)4 07%; beef steers, $4(§"4 4,*% stock
ers and feeders, $3 6801; bulls, $3@4 05; cows
and heifers, $3 , r *({j4 80; calves. $3 2.';'g'7; West
ern steers, $4 20'f;4 lm; Texas steers, $3 sO(jj:4 75.
HOGS— In spite of an active demand for hogs
from Chicago packers and Eastern shippers,
buyers succeeded in forcing a decline of s^jloo.
Fair to choice, $3 85(§4; packers. $3 75<fj,3 52%;
butchers', $3 KO<H3 95; mixed. $3 75@3 92%; light
S3 6.V ( i3 '.'2%; pigs, J2 751&3 90.
SHEEP— The demand for sheep was brisk
Prices were steady. Native sheep, $3 25@'5 25'
Texas. $3 60<f?3 75; rams, $3'g l 3 60; yearlings and
lambs. $4 2r,(fi6; spring lambs, $C@6 85.
Receipts— Cattle, 14.000; hogs, 39,000; sheep.
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITT. June 22. -CATiLE— Receipts
5000. Market weak to 10 cents lower. Native
steers, $3 50@4 90; Texas steers, $3 15@4 15;
Texas cows, {2 25<ff3 80; native cowb and heif
ers. J2fg4 Xi stockers and feeders, »3@5 25
bulls. $3 20®-4 50. w
HOGS— Receipts 16,000. Market s<g-10c lower
very slow. Bulk, J3 75fJ?3 86; heavies, |3 75®
UK; packers. J3 55@3 85; mixed, J3 SCS3 85
lights. $3 50<§3 70; yorkers, $3 65@3 70; pigs, J3@
SHEEP— Receipts 6000. Market firm. Lambs
$3 W<QG 33; muttons, $3<SR 25.
OMAHA. |
OMAHA, June 22.— CATTLE— Receipts 2600.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 10@4 30;
Western steers, $4®>4 50; Texas steers, J3 75igi
$4 85; cows and heifers, J3 60#4 30; stockers
and feeders, $4<jps 10; bulls, stags, etc., $3@4.
HOGS— Receipts 10,000. Market 10 cents lower.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1898.
Heavy, $3 70(^3 SO; mixed, $3 70(f?3 75; light,
$3 (60S 70: bulk, $3 7063 75.
SHEEP— Receipts r.WK). Market strong. Fair
to choice natives, J3 SOiQ'4 60; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 70Ca4 50; common stock, $3 60<S>4 DO;
lambs, $4 50@6 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000.
Market, steady; beef gteers, $3 50@4 70; COWB,
Ti'S*: feeders, freight paid to river. $4 10i@ l 4 40;
stockers, freight paid, $4@4 60; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 50<g,3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market, easy; shade
lower. Light packers. $3 75@3 TlVz\ mixed, $3 70
@3 77; heavy, $3 Sii<S3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. ISO. Market, firm; good
fat muttons, $3 60@4 50; lambs and yearlings,
$4 SEO6 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
prices:
NEW YORK, June 22.— Cherries— Royal Anne.
BSc®sl, average 71c. Peaches— Alexander, 92c;
Rrigg's Early May, 85c@$l, average 93c. Five
cars sold.
BOSTON, June 22.— Cherries— Black Oregon,
$1. Peaches— Alexander. 50cfjj$l 05. average 75c.
Apricots— Royal, fiscssl 05, average 80c. Plums
— Clyman, <>scfjsl 65," average $1 12. Prunes-
Tragedy, 73c@$2 30, average $1 64. Four cars
sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June 22.— Consols. 11l 3-16; Silver.
27V6d; French rentes, 102f 50c<i?lQlf 47M;C.
LIVERPOOL., June 22.— Wheat, dull; cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage quiet; English country markets, gen
erally 2s cheaper; French country markets,
steady; Wheat in Paris, nrm; Flour In Pari3,
firm.
COTTON— Uplands. S 7-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady. July 4%d;
September, 6s l%d; December, 5s BHd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, June 22.— WHEAT— Nothing do
ing. The nominal export value is: Walla
Walla, 60@61c; valley and bluestem, 63c per
bushel.
TACOMA.
TACOMA, June 22.— N0 quotations on wheat.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. June 22.— Exchangee, $200,614;
| balances, $28,109.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling CablPS — 4 87V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican' Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
Win: AT— Futures declined 2c on the early
sessions In sympathy with a corresponding
shrinkage at Chicago, though the English and
French markets were both higher. Milling
wheat declined, but shipping grades continued
nominal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. ; milling, $1 40®
1 60 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
24.000 ctls, $1 29; SOOO, $1 25%: 6000, $1 28%.
Second Informal Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 29H ; 40,000, $1 2Z%; 20Ti0, $1 2K%: 30.000. $1 29.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo
ctls. $128%: 10,000, $188%; 2000, $1 25%: 24.000,
$1 284; 2000, $1 25%: 4000. $1 28%. May— 2ooo.
$1 3n»; 8000,, $1 32 7 f,; 20u0, $1 32%.
Afternoon Session — December— 2ooo ctls.
$1 27v 2 ; 12.000, $1 274; 14,000, $1 27%; 25.000, $1 27;
2000. $1 26Tj.
BARLKY— The market continues dead at the
old prices. There Is no disposition to buy. ■
Feed, $1 13%r<?l I6I4 ; Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock December—
2000 ctls. $1 15V 4 .
Second Informal Session— December— SOOO ctls,
$1 15%; soon, $i 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 16%; COCK). $1 15; 2000. $1 14%; 2000. |1 34%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000, $1 14%
8000, $1 144; 2000, $1 14; 4000, $1 14%.
OATS— Trade continues at a standstill, and
prices Bhow no change.
Fancy Feed. $1 35tffl 40 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30&1 36; common. SI 2.Vffl 27*4; Sur
prise, $1 32' if/i 40; gray, $1 2:><Bl 32%; milling,
$1 32V«1 37% per ctl.
CORN— Receipts from the East are much
smaller than for some time, but the demand is
poor and prices show no change.
Small round yellow. $1 25'ff t 30; large yellow
$1 o.Val 0714; white, $1 02H@l 05 per ctl; mixed!
$1 MV4©l 05.
RYE— Dull at II 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75^1 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOTR— Fnmlly extras, $5 25<5>5 85; bakers
extras, $s<@s 10 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, S7; Cornmeal. S2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. »3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groats,
J4 B0; Hominy, S3 2f.<»3 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4
$j4 25; Cracked Wheat, S3 75; Farina, U 60;
\Vhol» Wheat Flour. S3 bf; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 85(i76 25; In sacks, $5 65<g6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, J4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Hay are moderate for this sea
son of the year, but new continues easy, while
old Is as firm as ever. There Is no change in
prices.
Bran is 50c lower. Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— l.v<jl6c.
MIDDLINGS-J20(?f22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $25 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31*131 50; Jobbing,
$32@3l 50; Cocoanut Cake, 524(f25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S(ff3o per ton; Cornmeal. $23<&,23 50;
Cracked Corn. $24024 50.
HAY (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $20rg22;
Wheat and Oat, $18<g2O; Oat. $10 50<fl8 50; Bar
ley, ; Compressed Wheat, S2K/24; Com
pressed Oat, $10-218; Alfalfa, $12(512 50; Clover
; Timothy, .
NEW HAY— Wheat. SlfifiUS 50; Wild Oat.sl4-g>
15;. Barley. ; Island Barley, $12@14; Al
falfa, $11 r,0«T13.
STRAW— «O§ 9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The situation In Beans Is as follows: If a
buyer wants to purchase the holder squeezes
him for all he is worth; whereas, if a seller
starts out to sell he cannot get anywhere
near the price asked by the holder. Mean
while trade Is at a standstill.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 9*93; Small Whites, $1 75
@1 M; Large Whites, $1 tw-al 75; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds. $2 BOGS; Blackeye, $3^3 25; Butters'
$1 80(52; Limas. $2 SOiJji 90: Pea, $1 70@l 90; Red
Kidneys. $2 50(fj2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4@4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4'a4 25; Flax. $2 20; Canary
Seed, 2>< t <g2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 3ij?Sc: Rape, 2Vi@
2%c; Hemp, &•&:; Timothy, s<@>sVic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75<&2; Green, $2@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los AngelPß Eg* Plant, B<s'l<V. per lb: Green
Peppers, S^lOc; Tomatoes. r.oc<ssl per box.
Potatoes In boxes are doing better ihun In
.sacks, onions are not materiully changed.
The Vegetable market continues well sup
plied with the seasonable kinds.
I'OTATOES— New Potatoes, sn^6oc in sacks
and fOQSSc in boxes for Early Rose, 4(V560c for
Peerless and 40<?j60c in sacks and 60c@>l In
boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, sCseoc per ctl for red and
75@90c for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 60@2 00 for ex
tra large, $lfg I 25 per box for No. 1, 50@75c for
small: Rhubarb. BOATSc; -">r box; Green Peas,
?l''il2s per sack; Garden Peon,, 2^c per lb;
String Beans. 2^40: Wax Beans, 2TiSc; Sum
mer Squash. 40fi'75c per box; Bay Squash, $1 25
(51 50; Green Peppers, 8© 10c; Dried Peppers,
6(gi6c per lb; Cabbage, 60c per ctl; Carrots,
HQSOc per sack; Mnrj-sville Cucumbers, 60igi
90c per box: Bay Cucumbers, $2 50; Vacavllle
Tomatoes, 75CS$1 per box; Green Corn, lu<sj2sc
per dozen; Garlic, 4<s;.'ie per fb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
n>s; sliced desiccated, 16falSc; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions, COc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Low prices prevail for all kinds except young
Roosters and young Turkeys, which are firm.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12c for Tur
keys, J5 50 for Hens, «4 SOft'S for old Roosters
and $3 for Broilers.
1-orLTRY— Live Turkeys, ll©l2c for Gob
blers and lOtfSllc for Hens; young Turkeys, 17c;
Geepe, pcr 1 pair, 75c(& 1 $l; Goslings, il^l 25-
Ducks, S3CO3 50 for old and $3@4 50 for young;
Hens, $3<§4; Roosters, young, id/QT; Roosters,
old, $3 50<g4 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers, $3 50<ff4
for large, $2@3 for small : Pigeons. $1 25@1 50
per dozen for young and $lig>l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Prices for all kinds remain about the same.
Cheese Is Very weak and in heavy supply. Eggs
are not moving as well as they have been and
are easy. Butter is weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18c; seconds 17
@174 c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16^c; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery. 16@
IBMjc; ladle-packed, 13igl6c per It); Elgin. 17
@IKC.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B%c; old. 7V.®
8c; Cream Cheddar, 10<jnic; Young America,
S',>isi9V4c; Eastern. 12(513c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 15<g>17c per dozen; store
Eggs. 13@14o; Eastern, 12<6@luc; Duck
Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
From the weekly renort of W. H. Hammon,
section director United States Weather Bureau
for the California Crop Bullottn, the following
summary is taken: "Fruits, excepting apri
cots and almonds, are generally in good con
dition. Peaches are bettef than expected.
Cherries are plentiful. Grapes promise a very
large yield, especial'- raisin grapes; some
Muscats have dropped, either because of high
winds or lack of vitality. Pears and prunes
vary, being plentiful in some sections and
scarce in others. Apples will make a heavy
crop."
Seedless Grapes from Yuma Bold at $1 50@2
per crate.
Peaches continue to advance and are very
firm. Apricots and Plums are In good supply,
but steady. Arrivals of Figs are not large.
Cherries continue to improve and choice stock
sells well. Berries are easy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 50@3 50 per chest for large
and SS9B for small
Black Cherries. 25@50c; Royal Annes, 30®50c;
loose Cherries. 2(ft3M.c per lb for black and
2(5 3c for Royal Anne.
Figs, 35?i 50c per box for single and 75c@$l
for double layers
Currants, $2<7?3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, per crate and $3@4 50 per
chest.
Plums. 50<ffS0c per crate and 35065 c per box.
Apricots, 4O*i}7sc per box and 60(??75c per crate
for Royals.
Peaches, 50c(f$l per box, 70c(??$l per basket.
. Gooseberries lfgic per tb for common and
Stos!<j4c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, ?5c per crate; Near
by Raspberries. $3 50<jT6 per chest.
New Apples, 35ft r>Oc per small and 75c@$l per
large box and 25<540e m>r basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 50;
Seedlings. 73c ; fi$l; Lemons, $1(81 25 for com
mon and $1 50^/2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50^4; California Limes, in small
boxes, t0O60c; Bananas, $1 2i!»2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Almost all the Honey districts report a short
output this year.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
5c for 40-50" s, 4Vifi4 I*c1 *c for f«0-C0's, 3%®4c for
60-70' 8, 3Vi<ir3»ic for 70-SO's, 2%©3 c for 80-90' s, 2%
©■2%c for 90-100" Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, 5%@
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots. ,V(j6%c for Royals
and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%iJjSc; sun-dried. 4%<gT,c; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2'52%c; Plums, 4%@4%c for
pitted and l*4<gl%c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, E®s!4c; Nectarines, 4'Uoc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%'!?4%c for quarters and 3®5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2%@3c for
three-crown. 3^f&3%c for four-crown, 4%c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
and $I©l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2%c.
Walnuts, Sff4c for hardshell, 4®6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
eoftshell, B%(ji9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5%e for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans. 6%@Sc; Filberts. 9%filoc; Brazil. Nuts.
B<§9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 5%@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%(gj%c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
Fair demand at the old prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, ' 9c per Ib for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12 l ji'l2%c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@Uc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17<g17 50; mess, $15,- Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
Ib.
LARD — Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and i l ,ic for pure; palls. 9Vic;
California tierces. 5%c per tb for compound
and 7%c for pure; half barrels, 7?4c; 10-lb
tins, B%c; 5-!t) tins, R%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@7%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-!b pails. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-tb pails. 12 in a
case, S%c; 10-rb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7;4c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?4c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands pell
about lc under the quotations. , Heavy salted
steers, l(H4@llc; medium, 9%@10c; light, 9@9^c;
Cowhides, 9%(g10c; Stags, 6Hc; salted Kip. 9@
9%c; Calf. 10c: dry Hides, lG»4®l7Hc; culls and
brands, 13%@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf. 20c: culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@40c
each; Kids, s@loc: Deerskins, good summer,
27V4@30c;' medium, 50c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 10<g30c each; short wool, 80@50e
each; medium, 60<5SOc; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each; Horsehldes, salt. $2<&2 50 for large and
$l(g 1 2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horeehides, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts/ 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V,<g3%c per tb,
No. 2, 2'^<S'3c; refined. 4 1 : }ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7ij?loc;
free Northern, 9fil2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9<SUc: San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', S'JHOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<ftl4c: do. defective, 10f?12c;
Middle county, 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15©17 c; Nevada, 10@14c; Eastern Oregon,
10<&12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c. *■-
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12%c per It).
GENErtAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bajrs, f>tjs%c; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 So.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. t&; Southtield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 r>o; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Corn
pa "v quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, l%c; Magnolia A, sVic; Extra C,
s&sc; Golden C, SV»c; California A. 5%c per
lb; half -barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
LAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are as firm as ever and all desirable
stock pells readily on arrival.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BL^F— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
6%c; third quality, 4<&sc per tb.
YEAL — Large, 4ff."c; small, 6@7c per tb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewea, 7@7^c
per n>.
LAMB— Spring, S^S^c per lb.
puliK— Live Hogs, 4M>'(i434C for large, 5^5?4c
for medium and 4'fil'ic for small; stock Hogs,
2<g3Vic; dressed Hogs, T3 So.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, June 22.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,300 Wool, bales 97
Barley, ctls 850 Flay, tons 235
Cheese, ctls 193 Straw, tons 9
Butter, ctls 608 Pelts, bdls 3,738
Tallow, ctls 90 Hides, no 77
Beans, ska 161 Leather, rolls ... 2S
Potatoes, ska ... 2,245 Lime, liftils 81
Onions, sks 1,033 Quicksilver, flsk. 43
Bran, sks 60 Wine, gals 32.000
Middlings, sks .. 222 Eggs, doz 16,950
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 749|Hay, tons 30
Bran, sks 465' Potatoes, sks ... 210
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400!
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. ' // '; .
W H Alison, Cal R Baum. Sacto
Pr Mirer, Fresno Mrs J Bell, Chicago
J Sullivan, Fresno Sophie Bell, Chicago
A Flbuah, Oakland R Rogers & w, Cal
W J McCoy, Oakland Mrs Cnnn & c, Minn ■'
J M Gray, Oakland Mrs Grey, Pasadena
T McCune, S Barbara S Betzel & w, Cal
T Berkeley, S Barbara W Seligman, N V
J Goldwater. L Ang : J Shannon, N V
R Stephens,. L Ang , ft Preston, lone |
L Stephens, L Ang S Burnett, Denver
E B Castlen, w & m. F Lathrop, Minn
Napa • : \V Wltney. ' Spreckels
P T Evans, Riverside J McCallum, Portland
R Fox, Bakersfleld G Harney, Marysville
M MeConnaughey, Fres W P : Thomas, Uklah
W Pike, Fresno R Allison & w. Cal
C Teague, Fresno L Coates, Napa
P Molse. S L Oblßpo H B Miller. Napa
S Rummelsberg, , Cal J W Russell. L Ang
Dr Osborne, Cal Mrs Shaw, Sanger
W Coughran&w. S Ros Miss Shaw, Sanger
Mrs. Downer, Pinole S D Morris, L Ang
Kate Bosquet, Pinole F C Gibbons. Stockton
E C Hughes, Mo ■ J E Obey. Lompoc
H R Cole. Boston J Addicott&w S Jose
D E Weaver, Wash G Halllday, Vallejo
Mrs Dodil, Chicago W Thompson&w, ValJo
Mrs C Edwards. NY C Frances, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
Viscounte de Monta- F W Burnett. L Ar.g
gue, Paris Mrs F \V Burnett A 2
C G Sawlell», U. S V d. L Ang
A Holpin, U S V E F Preston & w. Cal
C N Herric-t, US V J Breuner d. w. C a l
E Brunswick, NT AM Cole, N?v
Count E de 3 Garets, W H Steiger, U 6 N
Paris G W Ellacoaiw, Kb*
Baron E de la Grange, B X Welch, London
Paris < : G J Strong, 3 Jose
E H Fowler. Chicago J M Studebaker. Jnd .
VWV W Pllcher. Term ' J S Tobln. Cal
E S Fowler, Term Mrs J S:Tobln. Cal
R O Ragsdale, Term Miss Clemen'. >_,al
G E Goodman, Napa H T Pjinim'er Cal •■
P T Everett, Riverside A W Br.-wn N V
W O Hunt, L An? , H H ;ier.s<haw. Col
J B Jeffrey, I' s V C R Paul, Chicago
H B Jeffrey, D S V Mrs C It l\uil. Cn'rago
F C Lusk, Chico W: D Wheelwright, Or
M H Gerry, U'bN < J V.' Moore, U S N
A E Beard, USA J B Ff-akrs, S Cruz'
iv; BALDWIN HOTEL. -
Mrs Flint,' Sacto B F Smith, Folsora
J W Stitt. Vacaville H L Mlddleton, Cal
J Schilling, St Louis J F Snow, Mo
C C Douglas, Mcx W R Walker, Boston
W C Nation, Mcx W R Clark. Stktn
Mrs Button, L Ang Mrs G W Biddle & d
E R Cowles, N V Chicago ; .
CBonner, Fresno X ■ C R Smith,'. Napa ';'
FA Lyon 4 Sacto ; ' '. Mrs Mahoney, S Jose
' J Zemantzy, Sacto C H Newcomb, Cal
H I Hendricks, Cal Mj-s L Dachneke. . Cal
J P Clark. r Stktn : LW Cohen, Suisun
ME Harris, Oakland G W Stewart, Boston
W MBooleys, Cal W P Black. Auburn
P Thomson. S Mateo H C Fox, Stktn ; c'A':
J G King. L Ang •; L Kemmlng, L Any
Mrs E Hotchkisa, Caal ,
NEW ; WESTERN HOTEL.
A Trafton, L Ang " , IE V Ryan, Tacoma
G Gasaer. Ohio TReilly.. Alaska •{/"'
Bassett, Falrfield . , J McKenna, : Portland
N Anderson, Suisun ' , J Cano, Reno /
H Church & w, Cal r . .' J Franklin. Omaha- / v
LS, Walker. Stockton W Whlttlngton. • S Jose
J Carson, Elk Grave ,' C Reynolds. Stockton
C McKee, . Chico : ■ - , 'S M Hessellerger. L Ang
J Blade, Downlevllle L Wippel, Arizona
J J Lapping. S Rosa :> G T Carr. : Elk Grove
L" Russell, Seatt'« • ■ ;.'■•■- ■' -■ - ■>■;•, i)
THE STOCK MARKET.
There is absolutely nothing new In mining
stocks, and they are about as dead as they
can be at the remarkably low prices.
Local securities are not over active at the
moment and quotations show no marked
change.
The report of the Alaska-Treadwell mine for
May is as follows: Ore reduced. 22.266 tons;
sulphurets, 314 tons, latter yielding $11,968; bul
lion produced, $42,359; gross expenses not given;
average ore, $1 90 per ton.
The report of the A^ska-Mexican mine for
May is as follows: Ore reduced, 12,956 tons;
sulphurets, 347 tons, latter yielding $11,981;
total bullion, $40,992; gross expenses, $24,249;
average ore, $3 16 per ton. The report of the
same mine for the fiscal month of June was
as follows: Ore reduced, 13,921 tons; sulphur
ets, 262 tons, latter yielding $10,947; bullion pro
duced, $40,051; gross expenses, $20,332; average
ore, $2 88 per ton.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay Its
regular monthly dividend of 000 per share on
July 1.
In the Savage, on the 130 level, the main
west drift has been cleaned out and repaired a
distance of 10 feet; total length, 597 feet. Bruns
wick lode-On the 600 level the main north drift
was extended 9 feet; total length, 540 feet; face
In porphyry and quartz giving low assays.
This drift is discontinued for the present. The
joint north drift on the Sutro tunnel level has
been cleaned out to the face, a distance of 14
feet, and advanced 9 feet; total, 13S feet; face
in hard porphyry.
In the Overman minr during the past week
the work of extracting ore from small streaks
above the north drift on the 9<K) level contin
ued. The amount extracted was 7 carloads of
the average car sample a.^say of $3!) t'i per ton.
In the Caledonia mine the drift froni the top
of the incline upraise above the 1100 level is out
25 feet. This drift has been discontinued, and
they have started a drift to the westward and
extended the same 6 feet; the face shows
bright, lively quartz of a low grade.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 22—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up..H0%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 86 87
4s quar reg...109 110 Pac L Co — 51
4s quar new... 124 125 S F G & E... 86% 87%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 97%100 Flrem's Fund.lSs —
Dup-st ex c... — 95% .Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65. 113"- — Bank of Ca1.. 244 —
Geary-st R ss. 94 100 r- a l SD & T.. — 98%
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....202% —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 125 130
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer r change 10 15
Market-st 65.. 126 — N'ev Nat B 152%160
Do Ist M !58..113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1590 —
KCNG Ry "5.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 42ft
N Ry Cal 55.. 101% — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 55.101% — S & L r:0.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 111 Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 125%127Vs Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 108U — California ....107 108
P& Cl Rv 65. 108 108% Geary 40 —
Powell-st C5...115M;120 Market-st ....53% 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Pr.esi.lio 6 8%
Sac ElecßySs.loo — Powder—
SF& N P 55.10S 109 California ....122V4160
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... S5 90
S P of Ar 65..105>4105% Giant Con Co. 47% 47%
3 P Cal 65.... — 113 Vigorit — 3
3PC Is eg ,Is.. 94 — Mirc-Mlaneous—
S PBr 6s 112%— Al Pac Assn.. — 93%
S V Wat 65...116&(,n7 Ger Ld Wks..llo —
9 V Wat 45. ..102 — tiana r C 0.... 11 12
Stork Gns Ps.. — 103 H C& S Co.. 24' i 21M.'
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 4!»%
Contra Costa.. — 57Vj Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 97% 971* Oceanic S Co. 56H 57
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2%
Cent oaslißht.los — Pac Bot Co 101 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47 47%
Morning Session.
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
$K>oo Market-street Ry Con Bonds 55. ...113 75
20 Spring Valley Water 9S 25
60 do do 98 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 50
50 do do 24 37^
150 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 50
20 California Safe Deposit 97 50
50 Market-street Railway 53 50
Street—
50 Market-street Railway 63 50
Afternoon Session.
30 Bank of California 244 00
$3000 S P of A Bonds 105 50
50 Giant Powder Con 47 12^
50 do do b 5 47 23
150 do do 47 v
10 do do 47 37V4
210 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 50
50 do do 56 75
$6000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 108 60
5 Spring Valley Water 97 57%
Street—
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 75
$1000 Si-ring Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
INVESTMENT BOARD
Morning Session.
60 Giant Powder 47 1214
65 Spring Valley Water 98 23
Afternoon Session.
15 S F Ga-s & Electric, s 10 87 23
50 Hutchinson S P Co 49 75
Street—
25 Hawaiian C & S Co 24 37V6
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Challenge 14 300 Overman 05
100 Chollar 05 300 Sierra Nevada.. 51
200 Gould & Curry.. 09 50 Standard 150
400 Mexican 10 300 Union Con 15
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 04 1400 Hale & Norcrs. 66
150 Best & Belcher. 15 100 65
300ChaIlenge 14 500 Savage 05
200 Gould & Curry.. 10 200 Sierra Nevada.. 55
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
1200 Alta 03|500 Justice 03
200 Challenge 141200 Mexican 10
500 Con Cal & Va.. 251400 Sierra Nevada.. 63
300 Crown Point ... 051600 62
400 Gould & Curry.. 10.500 56
™>. 11 300 Yellow Jacket... 15
200 Hale & Norcrs. 69 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 04 «X> Mexican 12
3<>o Belcher 04 300 Savage 05
100 Best & Belcher.. 16 400 Sierra Nevada.. 55
1500 Bullion 02 200 56
200 challenge 14 iSfiO Union Con 15
SOO Chollar 05 800 Yellow Jacket... 15
200 Gould & Curry.. 11 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 22—4 p. m.
Alpha 01 03 Julia — 02
Alta 04 05 Justice 02 03
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 04 06
Belcher 04 05 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... 04 05 Mexican 11 12
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 60 65
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 21 22
Caledonia 16 18 Overman 05 06
ChnlUr 05 06 Potosi 06 07
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 04 06
Con Cal & Va. 24 25|Seg Belcher ... — 05
Confidence 25 35 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 64 65
Crown Point ..05 07 Silver Hill ... — 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 15 16
Gould & Curry. 09 11 Utah 03 05
Hale & Norcrs. 60 C 5 Yellow Jacket. 15 16
» m ■
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
■William J. and Emma Rogers to August
Moser, lot on E line of Noe street, 78 S of Ford,
S 25 by E 110; $10 .
Rose A. Cuthbert to James Cuthbert, lot on
S line of Twenty-ninth street, 205 W of San
chez. W 25 by S 114, quitclaim deed; $10.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to Fanny Baer, lot
on SE line of Folsom street, 100 SW of Sher
man, SW 37:6 by SE 90; $10.
L. M. and Emma M. Hoefier to Thomas Ma
gee, lot on NW corner of Hubbell and Sixth
streets, N 240 by W 275. quitclaim deed; $5.
Granvllle B. and P. Carrie Gilman to Hugh
Reilly, lot on NE corner of Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma) and San Bruno avenue (Nebraska)
E 25 by N 100; $10.
Fred and Caroline Ruhland to Christian Ruh
land, lot on SE corner of Clement street and
Thirty-third avenue, S 100 by E 120; $1.
Same to same, lot on W line of Thirty-second
avenue, 100 S of Clement street, S 200 by W
120; $1.
Same to same, lot on E line of Thirty-third
avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos, N 200 by E
120; $1.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Point
Lobos and Thirty-second avenues, W 120 by N
100; $1.
George Riley to Mary E. Souder (wife of
Charles H.), lot on S line of M street. 57:6 W
of Tenth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
George R. Sanderson to Sarah D. Sanderson
lot on NW line of Fifth avenue (St. Thomas)
150 NE of Q street (Tombigbee), SE 150 by NE
200, lots 9 to 11, IS to 20, block S4, Salt Marsh
and Tide Lands; $10.
Alameda County.
G. F., H. N. and M. E. Gray (wife of G F )
to California Paving Company (a corporation),
lot on E line of Hannah or Hubbard street'
287:6 N of B, N 37:6 by E 133, being subdivis
ion A of lot 4 and N half of subdivision D lot
3, block 708, Watts Tract, map 2. Oakland sub
ject to mortgage for $1000; $!0.
California Paving Company (a corporation)
to John M. Lewis, same, Oakland; $10.
East Oakland Street Railroad Company (by
commissioner) to F. C. Havens, assigned to
Realty Syndicate (a corporation), all rights of
way, franchises and privileges granted by the
council of the city of Oakland to E. P. Vander
cook, E. C. Sessions and C. E. White for a
street railroad granted by the council of tV ■
city of Oakland April 13, 1891. East Oakland"
also all roadways, right of way, engine and ear
houseg, etc.. East Oakland; also lot on NE line
of East Twentieth street, 110 SE of Thirteenth
avenue, SE 124 by NE UO, East Oakland- also
lot on E corner of Twentieth and Commerce
streets, SE 100 by NE 50, East Oakland- also
all interest in lot on SW line of East Twenty
first street, 110 SE of Thirteenth avenue SE
124 by SW 15, block 12S. Clinton, East Oakland
all interest in lot on SE corner of Fourteenth
avenue, 60 NE of. East Twentieth street NE
63 by SE 100, block 12S, same. East Oakland:
$60,500.
Frank Enos to Constancla Enos, lot on NE
line of East Sixteenth street, 150 SE of Thir
teenth avenue. SE 50 by NE 150, block iX), Clin
ton, East Oakland; also lot on W corner of
East Fifteenth street and Fifteenth avenue,
NW 75 by SW 65, block 16, San Antonio, East
Oakland; gift.
Andrew Mitchell to John Mitchell, undivided
% interest in lot on S line of East Fifteenth
Btreet, 154:4 W of Twenty-third avenue, W 75
by S 150, East Oakland; $10.
John Mitchell to Ellen M. Mitchell, lot on S
line of East Fifteenth street. 220 W of Twen
ty-third avenue, W 37:6 by S 150, East Oakland;
$10.
B. and A. Valerga to August Apel, all inter
est in lot on NE corner of Grove street and
Plot 37, Rancho V. and D. Teralta, S 67. E
126, X 67, W 125, to beginning, being portion
Plot 37. Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland
Annex; $10.
H. I and Mary E. Donlson to J. H. T. Wat
kinson, lot on SW corner Oakland and Pleas
ant Valley avenues. S 84.3* W lILJS, NE 14X.27
to beginning, being lot 1, Bowie property. Oak
land Township; $10.
Anson S. (and as attorney) and Anita S.
Blake (by attorney) to B. G. and Gustava Far
dig, the S 5 feet lot 26, block 137, Avery Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
P. H. and Bridget Maloney to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
NW line of Goldman avenue, 150 NE of Tohler
street. NE 30 by NW 185, lot 3S, Fruitvale Park.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. I. Lemos and Josjeph Smith, beginning at
a stake on N line of C;istro street, 60 NW from
L>, N SS. NW 50, SW 15S, SIC 50, to beginning.
Town of Haywards. Eden Township; $1".
James A. and Susan E. Plymire and W. W.
Manspeacker (by commissioner) to Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner
Third and Castro streets, X 75 by S 100, block
23, Oakland; $35:4.
L. F. and llattle A. Frederick to Trustees
| First Baptist Church of Oakland, lot on W
line of Campbell street, 54 S of Taylor, S 54
by W 102 :fi, being lots 20 and 21, block 697.
Casserly Tract. Oakland; $10.
B. K. .Sherman to F. W. Werhe, lot 19, block
— , McElrath Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Harvey S. and Laura S. Haseltine to Ella G.
Haseltine, the E H of lot 12. block 14. College
Homestead Tract, subject to mortgage, Berke
ley; $1000,
Myron L. and Rebecca Wurts to Mary E.
Moore, lot on S line of Virginia street, I"" W
of Bonte avenue, W 50 by S 12". being lot 12.
block l>i, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Anglo-Cilifornlan Bank, Limited, to Henry
Black, lot on W line of Webster street, 50 S
of Taylor avenue, S 97 by W 110:10, being lots 9
to 12, block A, property of James Riddell, Ala
meda; also lot on W line of Webster street,
41:11 N of Taylor avenue, N 167. W 132:0V4, S
75. E 22, S 92, E HO: 10 to beginning, being
lots 6 to 12. block R, same. Alameda; $10.
Jenny Porgstrom, W. M. Heywood and Fran
cis Codec (by commissioner) to Regina Scheyer.
lut on S line of Central avenue, where the di
viding line between lands formerly owned by
James Heron and lands formerly owned by G.
Aughinbaugh intersects said avenue, thence W
km) by S 150, being a portion of Aughinbaugh
223-acre tract, Alameda; $1910.
Pan Francisco Savings fnlon to Frank E.
Hathorn. lot on W line of Minturn street. 125
S of Eagle avenue, S 50 by W ins, being lots
14 and 15, block 51, town of Enctnal, Alameda;
Builders' Contracts.
John Muldoon (owner) with Demartlnl &
Pagaro (contractors), architects Shea & Shea.
All work for a two-st.-.ry and basement frame
building on a lot commencing at a point on
NW corner of Union street. 190 W of Webster,
thence N 137:6, W 25, S 137:6, E 25 to begin
ning; $3500.
"Wooden shoes in France are pro
duced to the extent of about 4,000,000
pairs yearly. They are made in Al
sace and Barriers by machinery, and in
Lozere by hand. In the last named
province 1700 persons are engaged in
this manufacture, and the yearly pro
duct is morethan half a million pairs.
In Berlin the firemen wear water
jackets with a double skin, which they
are able to fill with water from the
hose. If the space between the two
layers becomes overfilled, the water
escapes through a valve at the top of
the helmet, and flows down over the
fireman like a cascade, protecting him
doubly.
This call CALENDAR.
June. 1898.
Fr.
3
Sa.
i
11
IS
IT
Moon's Phase*
©E\ill Mooa,
W June 4
7
8 .
13
IT
M
23
€ZASt Quarter.
June 10.
j^S New Mooa,
W June 18. '
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS!>S.
Thursday, June 23.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun sets .. 7:35
Moon sets Jf 10:15 p. m.
IFeet.
L. W
L, W
1:45
2:44
8:65
: 5:17
L. W
I 0:28
! 1:27
4
4.
4.9 7:56
4.5 8:31
4.1 9:14
3.8 9:58
3.6 10:42
;H W -
1.2 .6:52
0.6 8:25
0.0
0.3
0.8
1.3
1.9
3.4
3.5
3:11
3:40
4:14
4:49
5:2S
L \V
11:34
12:30
4.7
4.8|
5.0
5.1
4.7 8:18
4.81 9:21
5.0 10:25
5.1 11:2S
3.1
2.8
2.4
1.9
6.3
,11 W
2. Si 6:11
2.8 6:57
6.5
5.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights ;
given are additions to the soundings on the j
Vntted States Coast Survey charts, except j
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hflght,
and then the number given is subtracted from
tbe depth piven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters. '
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is i
maintained in San Francisco for th» benefit of :
mariners without regard to nationality and !
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the j
office, where complete sets of charts and sail- ;
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest j
Information can always be obtained regarding |
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters j
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before |
noon, and is dropped at noon. 12nth meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from i
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
22, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Due. I
Arcata I
Crescent City..
Orizaba
Ruth
r uiton i
Homer 1
T>,._.
Peru I
Wellington |
Scotia
Chllkat
Mlneola j
Mackinaw I
Santa Rosa I
Coptic
Walla Walla...
Oregon |
Burma I
Coos 15ay '
City nf Panama!
North Fork !
Alameda i
Acapulco
Columbia
Pomona, j
[Coos 8ay.................. June 23
Crescent City June 23
|Humboldt June 23
Tillamook Bay .......... June 24
Portland ................. jj U ne2»
Oregon P0rt5...... June 24
Newport ...%...........;. June 24
China and Japan.:...... June*4
Departure Bay I June 24
Humboldt June 24
Eel River |June 26
Comox June 26
jTacoma '.I June 26
San Dieg0................ June 2B
China and Japan........ June 26
Victoria & Puget Sound June 26
Portland June 27
jNanaimo | June 27
Newport ... June 2B
San Jose de Guatemala.! June 29
i Humboldt i June 23
Sydney r !June29
Panama^ |june»)
Portland ....: I June 30
San Diego ; June 3o
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
North Fork.
Columbia ..
Pomona ....
Fulton i
Orizaba i
Queen
State of Cal
Homer
Destination, j Sails. Pier.
Humboldt.... June 23. 9am Pier I
Portland June 23.10 am Pier 12
San Diego June 24, 11 am Pier U
Oregon Ports. I June 2f,. 10 ami Pier 20
Humboldt 'June 25. 10 amlPier 9
Me & Pgt Sd.jjune 25. 10 amPier 9
Portland June 26, 10 amjPier 12
[Newport June 26. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay June 26, 10 ami Pier 13
San Dlt-K(> June 28. 11 am; Pier 11
China* JapanlJune 2S. 1 pmIPMSS
I Alaska | June 28 | .
|Humboldt.... June 28, 9 amjPier 13
Portland June 29, 10 am Pier 12
Newport June SO. 9 am Pier 11
I Vie & Pgt Sd. June 30, 10 amjPier 9
Arcata
Santa Rosa
Peru I
Cleveland ..
Chilkat
Oregon !
Coos Bay...
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ Wednesday, June 22.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 61& hours from San
<Hm'r Saga Carlson. 104 days from Rarba
does; bound for Vancouver, put in for coal.
Schr Cornlthian, Korth, 12 hours from Bow
en Schr al Ma r ry Etta, Nyman, 12 hours fm Fisks
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point. " ■ - ■#
Schr Reliance, Hansen, 18 hoars from New f
SchrAbbie, Hanson," — hours from Caspar.
Schr Abbie, Hanson, — hours from Caspar.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 22.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons ' , . , _ .
Stmr Dawson City. Dahle. St Michael; Cal
Alaska M & T Co. _
Br strnr Bristol, Mclntyre. Nanaimo; X
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. _, • " . _.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, APtoria; O R & N
CO. ■;,•-.■
Fr bark Fonse Cherle, Martin, Liverpool;
Balfrmr, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Olsen, Champerico;
Vim Johnson.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 22.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. Saa Pedro.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Nor stmr Tltaniu. Egenes, Nanaimo.
Stmr Bonitu, Nicolsi n
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, F.llefsen, UssJ
Bark C I> Bryant, folly, Honolulu.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlin, Iversens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, Conuill*
River.
RETURNED.
Wednesday. 7une 22.
Pchr Jennie Thelin. Hansen, hence June 20
for Grays Harbor, returned on account of
carrying away forecastle head of Farallones on
June 20.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— June 22. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The J D Spreckels loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Ema Luisa loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Valparaiso on owners" account.
The Leyland Brothers loads wheat at Ta
coma for Europe. 31s M.
MISCELLANEOUS..
MONTEVIDEO, June 21— Br bark Eanffphlre. M
from Cardiff for Esquimau previously report-
erl, reports encountered a hurricane on May 28
in lat 3S S iong 43 W, causing damage above
decks. Water flooded hold and cargo heated.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BALLARD— Sailed June 22— Schr Orient, for
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 21— Str Chas Nelson,
for Bt Michael.
Til. l. AM'iOK— Sailed June 21— Stmr Ruth.for
San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed June 22— Schr J G Wall, for
Pan Francisco.
Arrived June 21— Stmr Cleone, hence June 20.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 22-Schr
v, hence June 20.
( '< HiS BAY— Sailed June 22— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived June 21— S^hr Lett it ia. hence June 14.
PORT ANGELES- Sailed June 21— Bktn Rob
ert Sudden, from Ci.emainus for Taku.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 22— Ship Occidental,
hence June 14: stmr Willamette, from l>yea.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 22-Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed June 22— Stmr Charles
Nelson, from Seattle for St Michael.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 22— Stmr State of
California, for San Francisco; stmr Fulton.
Arrived June 22— Stmr Elihu Thompson, frrn
Seattle.
HA LLARD— Arrived June 22— Pchr Maid of
Orleans, hence June 12.
COOS BAT— Sailed June 22— Schr Gotama,for
San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June 22— V S stmr
Thos Corwin. hence June 19; schr Lottie Car
son, from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS— Arrived June 21— Schr Fred E
Sander, from Grays Harbor.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 13— Bktn
Charles F Crocker, for Honolulu.
ANTWERP-Sailed June 21— Hr ship Norma.
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June IS— Br stmr Erae
mar, for Oregon.
VICTORIA— Arrived June 17— Br ship Carnar
von Bay, from Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 20— Br ship Glen
lui, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrrived June 21— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
PANAMA— Arrrived June 3— Stmr Acapulco,
hence May 9. 10 — Stmr San Jose, hence May
18.
I Sailed June 4— Stmr City of Panama, for
' Champerico. 9 — Stmr Acapulco, for San Fran
cisco.
LlZAßD— Passed June 21— Br ship Durbridge,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June I!»— Stmr City era
Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
SAN MARCOS ISLAND— Arrived June 10—
I Schr Sequoia, from Santa Rosalia.
OCEAN T£AT£L
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»^^ Steamers leave Broadway,
HHtw wharf, San Francisco.
M^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
t»ss*Cw«sS^ June R. 10, 15, 20 25. 30 July 5,
L fcElvLl transfer at Seattle.
■QVMMfI 3SI or Alaskan ports (from
GKKo-^Ri Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
i^^^Si^V June 6, 26. July 17, August 4.
■■'.;: 25, transfer at Portland, Or.
"^ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i C ) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
1 Anacortes and New Whateom (Wash.), 10 a.
i m. June 5. 10. 15, 20, 25, 30. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
I this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
with C Eureka y ' „ .-_. Bay). 10 a. m..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
' June 1, 7, 13. 19. 25, July 1. and every sixth
I day thereafter. „ . „ ■ „
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
! Ca-T'-08, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
■ Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 2. 6, 10. J4, 18, 22, 26. JO,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. June 4, 8. 12, 16, 20. 24. 28. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. June 17.
! July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aprt hours of «nilln<r. .
TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. '
FARC $ 12 First Class Including Berta J
I Hit I. 168 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OK SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5. 14. 33
State of California June 8. 17 M
Oregon ..Juno 11. 20. 29
St. Paul !16 00|St. Louis $31 00
Kansas City .... 2fi 00! Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 Oilj New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. .
1 Ei^^ Auckland for Sydney
y ■>— -^ Wednesday, July IJ, at
PNVABIIfI 2p. m. - S - ALAMEDA.
jß| ■■^■H.salls via Honolulu and
i»t«"«""W Auckland for Sydney
y™^-—^ Wednesday. July Is. at
The sailing for Hono-
(ylMllllJlll^ v j ulu j un c » is can-
/RlTlFWnikceled. to COOLGAR.
Agllipaittp Line to COOLGAR-
DIE, - Australia, and CAPE TOWN. South
Africa. • - » '
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
■ •;■■'.--■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
i Gompagnie Generals Transatlantics,
. French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 Nort> <t^^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers -^_tS^n\
by this line avoid both transit by-*«**a>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, JltM;
! second class. $116. ■ '
! LA BOURGOGNE July 2. 10 a. ra.
LA TOURAINE .....July 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE... July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE... ..July 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to - ■.-
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN- .
TIQUE. A pent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. -.
,, glM ,m TiMrw'lVuTm'wwmmy^im
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURO.
F. Bismarck. ...June 30JA. Victoria.... August 11
F. Bismarck July. 28|F. Bismarck.. August 23
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania... June 2&|Pretorla ...July 9
Palatia July 2lPatria:...... July 1C
Hamburg- American Line, 37 Broadways N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.""
- Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at........^
9:45 a. m... J:l5 p. m. «8:30 p. m. ex. Thura. >
Friday8~.......;...........a p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
I Sunday* 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 1.
f Telephone Red 2241 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
COMPANY A
IS AGGRIEVED
Believe Oakland Should \
Send Two Companies.
LOCATING THE MILITARY CAMP
COLONEL HENSHAW SPENDS A
DAY INSPECTING.
Company F Musters and Is Much
Gratified at Being Chosen
for Service by tho
Governor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 22.
There Is groat disappointment among
local militiamen that Governor Budd
should have accepted Company F and
co far declined Company A. At the bar
racks this morning the members of Com
pany F were busy beating up the entire
company for the muster, which took place
to-night. Couriers were sent out In all
directions, so that the roll call might be
complete. On the other hand, in the ad
joining room at the armory, members of
Company A looked on the preparations
■with jealous and disappointed eyes. This
tftsappointment was not softened by an
Interview with Governor Budd published
in a morning paper, stating that in mak
ing his choice of the Second California
Regiment he had disregarded all argu
ment but that ofi efficiency. This dis
tinction applied to Company A is perhaps
a trifle hard, as the two companies are
eaid to be equal in tactics and efficiency
and each is well equipped.
At to-night's muster Company F re
ceived its orders, and from this time on
they must be ready at an hour's notice
to march into camp. There is much en
thusiasm shown in the ranks, and the
boys, after waiting so long in suspense,
declare they are much pleased at the call
for their services.
This afternoon Colonel Park Henshaw,
accompanied by many citizens and mili
tary men, made a tour of sites available
for a military camp ground. They took
a special car and inspected Blair Park.
Bushrod Park, some large vacant blorks
in North Oakland and the Pierce grounds.
The inspection company consisted of, in
addition to the colonel, Major Baldwin.
Captain Norman. F. \V. Farwell. \V. W.
Camron, F. I*. Mott, J. P. Taylor, Craigie
Sharp. G. B. Daniels, M. J. Keller, A. H.
Breed. J. Colquhoun, Mayor Thomas,
Frank Tavlor. Edson F. Adams, Sol
Kahr., M. Schleuter and R. M. Fitzgerald.
Colonel Henshaw will report to Gov
ernor Budd at once, and when the Sec
ond California Regiment goes into camp
it will probably rendezvous on this side
of the bay.
The roster of Company F us it stands
to-day is as follows:
Captain. C. L. E, Wen:<; first lieutenant,
W. H. Cobhledlok: second lieutenant, C. C. Co
valt; first sergeant, J. F. Hintermeyer.
Sergeants— F. Bennett. A. D. Wilson. J. A.
Stutt, J. M. McCrudden.
Quartermaster sergeant— A. F. Hanson.
Corporals— H. B. Stevenson. G. E. Reed, J.
8. r'atney. I. J. Swanson, G. W. Niekerson, A
W. Ulakely.
Musician— C. T. L. Cary.
Privates— A. Anderson, G. T. Ames, W. G.
Axx. F. Barker, H. B. Pray, H. H. Brown,
A. N*. Br»Ti!s. F. A. Bu«h. A. J. Brackett.
S. W. Carpenter, C. Christiansen. J. L. Clark. ,
CHIEF LEES
USED HIS
INFLUENCE
Colt's Rifles for the
Department.
RUMORS OF A PUT-UP JOB
2LOCAL FIRMS CONDEMN THE
CHIEF'S CHOICE.
Jit Would Seem That Some Very Queer
"Competition" Was Allowed in
the Placing of a Large and
Important Order.
When the venerable head of the local
Police Department again rides forth at
the head of his stalwarts, either as escort
to departing troops or in the great parade
on the Fourth of July, he will have the
satisfaction of knowing that his minions
of tho law are armed with a death-dealing
rifle which, although somewhat out of
date, Is a relic of the days when he
-worked as a boy in the Colt firearm fac
tory. . ,; ; r,-'
Sad to relate, the Chief has again al
lowed his feelings to get the better of his
judgment. He has used his prerogative
to obtain an arm for the department
which has not been heard of In this city
in years, and has brought criticism on
himself by completely Ignoring the Win
chester Arms Company, the Marlin Rifle
Company and other large manufacturers
•who tried to secure the order. The firms
named might have submitted to the in
evitable had they been given a chance to
show the valuable qualities of their rifles,
but as this was not permitted the action
has brought forth some unkind remarks.
Chief Lees has been accused of favorit
ism, and murmurs of a "job" have been
heard. This was ail brought about through
the changing of rifles in the department.
At present the police are using Winches
ters In their drills, but it was deemed by
the powers that be that they were too
heavy and cumbersome, so a new weapon
was ordered. The Chief, having had some
experience as a young man in *£**>»
remembered that the Union Metallic Cart
ridge Company handled the memento of
days gone by. so he sent to that firm for
X samples. They not only sent them
but dispatched a good salesman to con
vince the Chief that the Colt rifle was
the only real thing in the market. The
complicated weapon was explained thor
oughly to him. and he took the matter
under consideration. In his sleep he
dreamed of the gun, but a twinge of con
science came to him. and he remembered
that other citizens represented well-known
The nlxt r day he sent one of his men to
the Winchester agency for a specimen of
their work. They were told that rifles ( for
the department were under consideration,
but they would not be permitted to send
a representative to explain the valuable
features about their weapon. Mr. Miller,
the local agent for the company, paid a
visit "the Chief, but returned having
received very little satisfaction.
Samples of the Marlin rifle were also
handed over to the police for : Inspection,
but with like success. When the local
r^nr^entat ye for the well-known arm
clued on Lees he was info.mcd that it
had been decided to use the Colt rifle.
Strong objection was made against the
election on every hand by men familiar
with firearms. One expert stated yester
day that ..the Colt, rifle was : practically
G. M. Crew. G. T. Crowe, T. J. Cummins, I.
V. Copeland. D. Clark. W. F. Dade. L. E. Dar
ling. F. L. Davis, L. C. E>avis, G. Dixon. J. D.
Dv Cheney, F. J. Dolan. E. H. Duncan. S. C.
Elen. W. P. Ellis. E. M. Edwards. J. M.
Eaton, F. E. Fraights, A. F. Flck. H. B. Ger-
Hsh. W. P. Griffln. G. \v. Green, S. J. Grimes.
R. Hansen. G. C. Hanson, F. R. Hanson, J.
M. Hefterman. A. J. Harford. A. E. Har-
Krldge. G. H. Housh, R. B. Hackett, L. S.
Hanford. B. W. Hunter. H. I. Johanson, L. R.
Keller, F. W. I-e Ballister, W. G. Leonard,
P. G. Longfellow, H. W. Lyon. G. Manes, j.
Maglnnis, G. Medau, C. Mohr, G. I* Mnhr. L.
Moreno, G. A. Moore. A. G. Mitchell. J. P. Mc-
Crudden. D. McMillan, H. Parsons. V. C. Pe
terson, D. C. Preston. I* A. Parkhurst. O, A.
Poulson, A. Sears. F. Schutz, F 13. Smith, J.
L. Smith, D. J. Stewart, G. J. Trotman, A. J.
Webb, E. O. Williams. J. Wood, J. W. White.
G. H. Walsh. A. W. Wheeler.
There are some members of Company
A who think they are being punished be
cause of the turning to the wall of Colonel
Fairbanks' picture a month ago.
RED CROSS ACTIVITY.
a
More Workers Are Needed at Head-
quarters.
BERKELEY, Juno 22.— The headquar
ters of the Berkeley branch of the Red
Cross Society were opened again to-day
and work was begun upon a new lot of
bandages to be sent with the next trans
ports that leave San Francisco. This
evening 123 piaster bandages had been
finished. The progress was somewhat
slow owing to the scarcity of workers,
and the committee in charge is going to
Issue an urgent appeal asking all ladies
of the town who can possibly spare the
time to come to the headquarters and
assist in getting supplies ready.
Mrs. F. V. Pagret. who has had charge
of collecting and forwarding papers and
magazines to the soldiers, sent to San
Francisco this afternoon a shipment of
twenty-one boxes. She reports a total of
fifty boxes forwarded since the Berkeley
branch was organized.
To-morrow afternoon a general meeting
will be held at the residence of Mrs. C. EL
Greenleaf for the purpose of discussing
the proposed celebration for the Fourth
of July. The meeting will begin at half
past 3*. and all those interested are in
vited to be present. The Fourth of July
committee consists of Professor Thomas
R. Bacon, Mrs. A. Marquand, A. W. Nay
lor and Dr. J. Coyle.
To Increase the Water Supply
BERKELEY, June *2.— The Francisco
street well will soon be the water supply
of West Berkeley. Workmen are now
engaged in erecting a pumping plant an-l
laying mains from the well to the tank
on University avenue, near Shattuck
avenue. From there the water can be
carried directly into West Berkeley. The
Alameda Water Company expects to gain
an increase of at least 70,000 gallons a day
from this source. By this means there
will be a corresponding gain for the busi
ness portion of the town, as the amount
formerly supplied to West Berkeley is
now to be used for sprinkling the streets.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. June 22.-The North
Berkeley Volunteer Fire Company elected
officers last night for the coming year as
follows: President. A. L. Qtt; vice-presi
dent, Frank Richards; secretary. J.
Lloyd; treasurer, Harry Squires; fore
man, Edward Florence.
Clive Day. instructor in the department
of history* and political economy of the
University of California, left for the
East yesterday afternoon. He has re
signed his position in the faculty at Rerke
lev and accepted an instructorship at
Yale. Mr. Day will spend the summer in
Europe before beginning his work at the
opening of the next college year.
The north wing of the basement of
North Hall, formerly used as a study
room for the women students of the Uni
versity of California, is being altered and
repaired. It will be turned over to the
men next August as a locker room.
The First Baptist Church on Allston
way celebrated, its ninth anniversary to
night. After a supper served in the
church parlors the rollcall was read of
all members who had belonged to the
church since its organization nine years
ago.
unknown and out of date; that while it
was not obsolete the Winchester and
Marlin rifles had overshadowed and
passed It. A visit was made to leading
gun stores and this statement was found
to be true. Although the gun was kept
in stock very few sales were recorded.
A representative of the Winchester
Arms Company, in speaking about the
matter yesterday, said: "Mr. Miller was
not permitted to show the good points
of our gun. He went out there but could
receive no satisfaction, which led us to
believe that a job was on foot to push
through a cut and dried programme.
The rifle thpy have out there now is a
'73 model and shoots the same cartridge
that the Colt does. It may be heavy,
but we think it is just as good as the one
chosen. The one we sent out was lighter
and more compact and not as compli
cated as the Colt. We would have been
willing to have taken back the old guns
and given them a bonus if they had pur
chased our arm."
McKEEVER WILL GO EAST.
The Clever Philadelphian Will Back
McConnell Against Daly or
Tracy.
Charley McKeever was a very much
depressed man in spirits yesterday. He
acknowledged that he expected to defeat
McConnell in less than twenty rounds
and, above all things, a knockout was the
last thing he looked for when he entered
the ring on Tuesday evening.
When asked for an opinion concerning
the future of the local welterweight Mc-
Keever did not hesitate to say that Mc-
Connell was sufficiently qualified to hold
his own against any man of the class he
represents, and that if he should meet
Daly or Tracy he (McKeever) will have
money on the lad from Frisco.
"I did not look for a right-hand smash
j when McConnell's glove landed on my
I chin," said McKeever, "in fact, I was
i certain of landing my left, but McCon
■ nells quick shift of the head saved him
from what I think would have been a
| finishing touch.
"Well, the young fellow surprised me
and you will find that he will do likewise
to a good many of the fighters who are
rated in the championship class."
McKeever will leave for the East short
; ly, unless he can arrange another match
! on this coast in the very near future.
McConnell is ready for another en
gagement at a moment's notice and
doubtless some of the athletic clubs will
! sign to fight either Jack Daly or Tom
Tracy.
The betting on the fight started at 10
to 7, with McKeever on the long end,
then It ran to even money, but a flood of
Eastern coin arrived a few hours before
the contest, which ran McKeever's end
up, and the betting closed at 10 to 6% with
McConnell on the short end. The lucky
ones who had winning tickets to cash in
the paris mutuels received $38 for every
dollar they gambled.
It is said that the renson for the delay
at Woodward's- Pavilion was occasioned
by an attachme t th.-:t Jake Raver had
against the National Club.
A Golden Gate Valley Celebration.
The merchants of Golden Gate Valley
are going to give a grand Fourth of July
celebration at the end of Fillmore street,
in the Fair estate lagoon, on the night of
the Fourth. At a meeting held last night
at Dewey Hall, on Fillmore and Fran
cisco streets, it was decided to give a
dance at Stemke Hall, on Octavia and
Union streets, on Wednesday, June 29,
for the benefit of the celebration. Much
interest is shown by the members of the
club. Subscription books were issued to
several members yesterday, and have al
ready shown good results.
Sale of Government Bonds.
Cashier E. A. O'Connor of the Postofflce
began yesterday morning taking sub-^
scrlptions for the sale of the Government
3 per cent bonds. At the close of office
hours he had received applications for
over $100,000 worth. He expects a big rush
to-morrow.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Margaret Long has applied for a divorce
from Patrick Long, alleging extreme
cruelty as a cause for action. Ella M.
Sanford filed suit yesterday against Eben
A Sanford for divorce. The plaintiff al
leges cruelty as a cause of complaint.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1898.
RODGER'S TRIAL
NEARLY ENDED
The Jury Will Decide To-
Morrow Afternoon.
STORY OF THE PRISONER
HE WAS IN MORTAL FEAR OF
THE DECEASED.
Halsey Had Threatened Him So
Often That He Decided to Take
No Chance on Hia
Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 22.
The fate of Stacey Rodgers will be
with the jury to-morrow evening. This
afternoon the taking of the testimony
ended and counsel stipulated that each
side should consume two and a half j
hours in argument to-morrow, as Judge
Ellsworth is anxious that the case should !
only occupy one more day. The instruc
ttons of the court will not tnke long, and j
the slayer of Halsey will hear his ver
dict or know that the jury has disagreed
to-morrow evening.
Rodgers was put on the stand by
attorneys this . morning. His evidence
was used for the purpose of showing ;
that Halsey was a quarrelsome man who
ha4< on several occasions, threatened the j
life Of the accused. Rodgers stated that ;
Halsey had tnld him he had killed a man !
in Guatemala and had left that country j
as a fugrtlve. Rodgers further testified :
that Halsey had figured in several scrapes
and that his favorite weapon of defense I
was a knife. This bore out the testimo- !
ny of the woman who a few days ago
testified that Halsey regularly carried a
knife over a foot long in his jacket pock
et. With much calmness Rodgers told
the story of the fatal night on which he j
shot Halsey. Previous to this visit to j
the Haynes house, where the murder or- :
curred, Rodgers met Halsey in a cellar !
and ascertained from him whether his
own life was in danger. Halsey renewed
his threat and ever afterward Rodgers
kept out of his way. The story of the :
murder was briefly told by the witness. |
He went to Haynes 1 house and after he
turned to go Halaey rushed at him like I
a wild man, uttering vile epithets, j
Rodgers turned around, and when he saw
Halsey with hands lifted in an aggres
sive attitude he believed he was about to
strike him with his knife. Owing to the I
darkness he could not see what was in j
Ilalsey's hand. Without a moment's
thought he pulled his gun and fired while
It was still in his pocket.
The prisoner stated that he was 21
years of age and had known Halsey for I
three years, but not intimately for more i
than two months. He said that Halsey !
once remarked: "A man is a fool to go J
around without protection. I always car
ry a companion."
The latter part of the afternoon was
taken up with testimony in rebuttal of
Rodgers' evidence regarding Halsey's
character. Town Treasurer Wells of I
Berkeley and a witness named Davis, i
who was once a partner of the deceased, j
were put on the stand, but they proved I
of no value, testifying to the general rep- j
IOWA'S TROOPS TO
BE THEIR GUESTS.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO GIVE
AN ENTERTAINMENT.
A Grand Reception Will Be Given in
Aid of the Red Cross Society
Next Week.
Preparations are, being made by the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
Red Cross Aid to give the lowa
troops a reception similar to the one
given Minnesota's representatives at
the Mechanics' Institute a week ago. It
is intended to hold the affair In the
Mechanics' Pavilion on either Monday or
Tuesday evening, the proceeds to be
turned over to the Red Cross Society. Al
ready committees are working energeti
cally with a view of making the affair a
greater success than the initial display.
As before, the Pavilion will be tastefully
decorated, distinguished soldiers and civil
ians will be invited and everything done
to bring a generous public there, so as to
give the visitors a royal welcome. A
splendid feast will be prepared by the
ladies of the well-known society, and it
Is thought that the light fantastic will be
tripped in honor of the boys in blue.
Soldiers will be admitted to the Pavilion
at a cheaper rate. This will be done, as
many hundred campmates wish to see
their brothers in arms exhibit their drill
ing abilities before a large gathering.
At the last meeting of the Native
Daughters' Aid the following neat sums
were received: Commercial Travelers of
America, Golden Gate Council No So $50-
Pacific Parlor, $5; National Parlor. $20;
Golden Gato Parlor, 100 yards of flannel.
The following persons sent donations to
the Red Cross rooms at 16 Post- street:
Mrs. b. Alferitz and boys, Missf Berry,
Y. M. C. A., Belmont School, Mrs. Max
Marks, Mrs. Ballard, John Sroufe & Co •
Hobb^ Wall & Co.; Mrs. Prentiss Smith',
Miss Edith Cutter, little Esther and Wil
liam Hegn, Miss Adams, Hiss Dillingham,
a friend, First Presbyterian Church, Miss
Weber, G. P. Godsey, Mrs. Fletcher Ryer,
Mrs. A. K. Countryman, Mrs. McWilliams,
St. Luke's Church Guild, Prosperity
Lodge, A. O. U. W., $10 to buy flannel.
Attention is called to the fact that the
baseball game between the Wholesale
Milliners and the Fire Insurance Com
panies at the baseball grounds, Sixteenth
and Folsom stieets, takes place on Satur
day, June 25, at 2:30 p. m.
Mrs. McKinstry, head of the State de
partment, reports the receipt of the fol
lowing donations: Meridian, 8 bandages,
25 comfort bags; Napa, 1 sack of dried
apples, 1 dozen glasses of Jelly, 1 sack
of dried fruit, 4 packages reading mat
ter, 100 disinfectant bags, -w bandages;
Vallejo, cotton for hospital use, 143 band
ages, 13 caps; Mill Valley, 3 packages of
books, 4 flannel shirts, 7 hospital night
ingales; Willows, 24 pillow cases, 24
shirts, 24 caps, 36 bandages.
A donation of 1700 postals was made to
Miss Burke at the ferry headquarters,
from Mrs. Alferitz and sons.
The following subscriptions, received
yesterday, brought the Red Cross fund
up to $45,988 92: Prosperity Lodge, A. O
U. W., $10; A. Hosmer, Oakland, $5; Ja
net Blank, $3 25; employes Judson Manu
facturing Company, $6; Hearst Gram
mar School (additional subscription)
90 cents; Fred C. Gummer, $10; employes
Nathaniel B. Greenfelder, $5; San Fran
cisco Press Club entertaniment — art
ists and art students— slo; Hale Bros.,
monthly subscription for June and July,
$20; Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
(second subscription— monthly), $10; mem
berships, $5; employes box factory, Up
ton, Cal., $16; Palm Social Club, assisted
by Girls' Mission High School, $38 50.
Through the efforts of Gray & Mitchell,
the lumber dealers, lumber has been
placed at the disposal of the State Red
Cross Society with which to construct
floors in the hospital tents of the heavy
artillery under command of Captain Hay
at Lime Point. Heretofore the sick artil
lerymen have suffered much from the
lack of good accommodations in this re
spect. Those contributing lumber were:
Mitchell & Gray, lumber to the value
of $150; Pacific Lumber Company, 1500
feet of tongue and groove lumber; Simp
son Lumber Company, Bellingham Bay
Improvement Company, Albion Lumber
Company, B. K. Wood Lumber Company,
utation of .Halsey. With this testimony
the case rested and argument will com
mence when court opens to-morrow
morning.
TO STORM MORRO CASTLE.
Plans for an Elaborate Celebration of
the Fourth in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— The execu
tive committee of the Fourth of July
celebration presented plans to-night that
guarantee a very extensive and elaborate
observance of the great -holiday. The 2500
Boldiers that will be here to give a :jham
battle will be feasted twice and every
thing possible will be done to make it as
much of a holiday for them as for the
public.
Part of tho military maneuvers will
consist of the storming of a' Morro Castle
that will be built on Adams Point and
which will support till it is destroyed by
a Ilotchkiss gun the only foreign flag to
be permitted in sight on the Fourth. The
committees having charge of the parade,
decorations, fireworks and exercises were
empowered to go ahead, and the general
committee has guaranteed the necessary
funds. The conclusion of the celebration
will be a grand display of fireworks on
Lake Merritt, to include the destruction
by a torpedo of a large monitor to be
built for the occasion. The celebration is
in charge of a most influential body of
'■•im.i-ns. and they expect to have nearly
a hundred thousand visitors in Oakland
for the occasion.
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
Teachers Elected for the Ensuing
Term and Salaries Established.
ALAMEDA, June 22.— At last night's
meeting of the Board of Education the
important step was taken of selecting the
teachers for the public schools for the en
suing term and also fixing their salaries.
But few changes were made in the per
sonnel of the staff of teachers, as those
now occupying positions have been care
fully selected and give uniform satisfac
tion. There were two resignations and
their places were filled.
Returned From Fort Romey.
ALAMEDA, June 22.— Miss Elizabeth
McLean of this city has just returned
from Fort Romey, the Salvation Army
colony at Soledad, where she has been
since last January assisting in getting the
colonists started. She says that despite
the bad season the colonists are getting
a good start. They have upward of 150
acres of growing crops, which are irri
gated, and are busy planting more. None
of the colonists are discouraged, all have
plenty to eat, and while all work hard
nothing has occurred to call for the pub
lished statement that the colony is a
failure.
The Baker Inquest.
ALAMEDA, June 22.— The inquest upon
the remains of George M. Baker, who was
found in the bay yesterday will be held
this evening 1 . The remains have been fully
Identified by a former partner, J. R.
Deane of Berkeley. He says that Baker
was well known in and about Martinez.
He had a ranch near Concord, which he
lost by foreclosure. In IS!>6 his wife left
him with their child, and Baker soon
after left Martinez. It is said he was
in the habit of going on sprees, and
it may have been in one that he lost his
life.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA. June 22.— Rushton McCon
nell, Fred Bordwell and Emmet Jones of
this city will go to Manila with the next
expedition. They are in the engineer and
signal service of the army.
The ladies of the First Presbyterian
Church of this city and the Christian En
deavorers went to Camp Merritt last
evening and entertained a large number
of the Boldlers with a musical programme,
concluding with refreshments.
Masonic Temple Flourishes.
The Masonic Temple Association has
declared a 5 per cent dividend for the
year. The directors are J. B. Merritt, J.
A. Beckwith, T. A. Crellin, Z. T. Gilpin,
D. E. Fortin, G. H. Smith, V. H. Metcalf,
G. D. Metcalf. J. J. Warner, W. T. Ham
ilton and C. W. Ott.
each 1500 feet; S. H. Hannnn, s<Xl feet.
Two most pitiable cases were brought
to tlio Patriotic Homp Helpers' Society's
headquarters yesterday, and while they
•are only two of many cases now in the
hands of the society, their absolute need
should appeal to every charitably dis
posed person. One is a woman with six
children, whose only support, a son, has
enlisted in the cavalry. She is abso
lutely destitute, without food or money,
her bedding and mattresses having been
taken away by the landlord. The other
is one of sickness and poverty. The hus
band having enlisted in the navy she is
alone and in need of medical attendance.
The society does all in its power to al
leviate distress, but each case has to be
investigated first, so donations of money
and food are most earnestly solicited.
The two women who are collecting
from house to house in the vicinity of
Pacific ;\venue and Jackson street are
impostors, and the public is warned by
the Red Cross not to aid them.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association will hold its twentieth an
nual family gathering and outing at Ger
mania Gardens, near Presidio, next Sun
day, June 25. As the proceeds of the pic
nic will be given to the Red Cross So
ciety of California, the association has
made efforts to make this occasion a dis
tinctly enjoyable one, and expects to be
liberally patronized.
SKIFF MEN 1 WILL RACE.
Several Close Contest 3 Aro Expected
at the Ei Campo Regatta on
Sunday.
Numerous entries have been received
for the skiff and shell events at the El
Campo regatta next Sunday, and several
keen contests are looked forward to. The
following order of races has been decided
upon:
1. First heat, Junior outrlgsed skiffs.
2. Second heat, Junior outrlgged skiffs.
3. Special match race between Alex. Pape
and William McOausland.
4. Senior shell race.
6. Final heat, Juntor outrigged skirts.
6. Senior outrigged skiffs.
To avoid confusion, it has been ordered
that each contestant shall choose a num
bered stake, which he must round.
The entries for the various events
are as follows: Victor Caglieri of
the Dolphins, H. Wilder of the Pio
neers, J. Lyons of the South Ends and
W. Hansen of the Alamedas. 2. Coney
Ochs of the Pioneers, W. Howe of the
Ariels and J. Lewis of the Alamedas.
3. Alex Pape of the Dolphins and William
McCausland of the Ariels. 4. H. Wittkopf
of the Ariels and J. Lynn of Stockton.
5. The winners of 1 and 2. 6. Alex Pape
of the Dolphins, H. Wittkopf of the
Ariels. W. O. Patch of the Dolphins, F.
Ayers of the Alamedas, F. Wilson of the
Ariels, Chet Ayers of the Alamedas and
William McCausland of the Ariels.
Though Alex Pape and William McCaus
land are both entered for the senior skiffs,
it is probable that only one of them will
row, and H. Wittkopf is also a doubtful
competitor.
The positions of the contestants will
be as follows in the first neat of the
junior outrigged skiff race: H. Wilder 1,
V. Caglieri 2, W. Hansen 3, J. Lyons 4.
In the second heat the positions will be:
C. Ochs 1, W. Howe 2, J. Lewis 3. In the
senior outrigged skiff race the positions
will be: Alex Pape 1, H. Wittkopff 2, W.
O. Patch 3, F. Ayers 4, F. Wilson 5, Chet
Ayers 6, W. McCausland 7.
The following officials will be In charge
of the regatta: Referee, Alf Fritz;
starter, P. J. Enright; marshal, M. J.
Colnan; assistant marshal, W. H. Brown;
timers— J. Keenan of the Dolphins, John
Elliott of the Olympics, Dave Greenleaf
of the Alamedas. Judges— J. D. Batteaux
of the Ariels, J. Foley and A. McGeorge
of the South EndSjJ. Laib and J. Sullivan
of the Dolphins, Dan Leahy and E. Shea
of the Pioneers, George Miller and H. W.
Maas of the Alamedas.
Overend Fights for Liberty.
At last the attorneya for Alfred Over
end have pushed his case Into the Su
preme Court. Overend was found guilty
of contempt of -court by Superior Judge
Wallace, who Imposed three fines, aggre
gating $1500 and five days' Imprisonment
A second petition for a writ of habeas
corpus was granted by the higher court,
the first having been refused. The points
made are that the petitioner has served
his term of Imprisonment and is entitled
to release; that a sentence of a term
of imprisonment and a fine of $1500 i»
THE MILLINER
CAPITULATES
Will Not Fight for Her
Adopted Child.
FLORENCE WITH HER FATHER
SUDDEN ENDING OF A VERY
LIVELY CONTEST.
Mrs. Beaglehole Agrees to Allow
Miss Beaver to Go to Her Par
ent, Who Will Support
Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 22.
There is to be no contest over the cus
tody of Florence Beaver, the adopted
daughter of Mrs. Eva May Beaglehole, a
Reno milliner. The case was disposed of
to-day by Mrs. Beaglehole consenting that
letters of guaruianship should be issued
to the girl's father.
During the testimony that was taken it
developed that Mrs. Beaglehole had not
been all that she represented herself.
The evidence showed that she had once
been convicted in the San Francisco
Police Court of beating the girl and that
she had been taken away from her by the
San Francisco Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. Judge Paterson of
San Francisco tried to make it appear
that Mrs. Montgomery of the Beulah
Home obtained the custody of the child
on proceedings based on Mrs. Beaglehole s
refusal to permit the girl to parade with
the Salvation Army at Reno. Mrs. Mont
gomery replied that such was not the
case, as the information they had was of
a much more serious nature. Mrs. Mont
gomery declared that Mrs. Beaglehole
had gone, to her making false representa
tions. She declared she was a member of
a Baptist church at Reno, but inquiry de
veloped the fact that she had been ex
pelled from the church.
When the testimony was concluded it
was agreed that the contest over the
father's petition for guardianship should
be renewed in court this morning, but a
compromise prevented it.
The stipulation between the parties Is
to the effect that the letters of adoption
granted Mrs. Beaglehole are still in force
and that the child be given into the cus
tody of her father, who agrees to support
her and take all proper care of her. For
the present Florence will remain with Mrs.
Montgomery.
Oakland News Notes.
R. Tutt, son of E. R. Tutt, the well
known hardware dealer, went to Ukiah
Saturday and on his return surprised his
friends by announcing his marriage to
Miss Lottie Hager. Mr. Tutt is an Actnt,
Club instructor.
Suit was yesterday instituted by Lena
I. Snodgrass and Sadie E. Thompson
against Elizabeth Smith and other heirs
of the late Captain Smith to set aside two
deeds to $20,000 worth of property on the
line of the California and Nevada Rail
road near Emeryville. The decedent was
the builder of that road.
J. Leon Magnes, a student of the He
brew Union College of Cincinnati, 0., who
graduated with the highest honors from
the University of Cincinnati, will arrive
in Oakland next week to spend his vaca
tion at his home.
beyond the Jurisdiction of a Judge to
s?ive and beyond his jurisdiction to im
pose. Also that the jury in the case
apainst Minnie Campbell, at which the
petitioner refused to answer, for which
ho was found guilty of contempt, has
been discharged by Judge Wallace, and
there is no issue to be heard. The mat
ter will be heard to-day in the Supreme
Court.
YUKON VESSELS.
Those Carrying Passengers May Soon
Be Subject to Inspection.
The movement of the Supervisors and
the Chamber of Commerce to have sail
ing vessels carrying passengers inspected
by Federal officials before leaving port
is beginning to bear fruit. After a num
ber of disasters and mishaps, like those
of the Almy and Jane Gray, in which
lives were lost, the bodies mentioned
came to the conclusion that it was time
for all sailing vessels carrying passen
gers to be inspected to determine if they^
were safe to carry such precious freight.'
A resolution was sent to Senator Per
kins, expressing the desire of having
some law passed whereby such ships
Bhould be inspected by a Federal officer,
as at the present time none stands on
the books. Senator Perkins went to
work as requested, and what has been
accomplished is shown by the following
letter, received yesterday:
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 15. IS9B.
Hon. Hugh Craig, President Chamber of
Commerce — My Dear Sir: Your telegram of
June 14 relative to supervision by the United
States of sailing vessels carrying passengers Is
at hand and a copy has been placed in th?
hands of each member of the delegation. The
matter has been called to the attention of the
Treasury Department and I am now preparing
a. bill bearing on the subject, which I will in
troduce at once.
I had already had one branch of this subject
under consideration— relative to barges and
hulks, which It was the custom to tow from
Puget Sound— and in March last introduced a
bill amending the statutes, making such
changes as were recommended by General Du
mont. This bill has passed the Senate and Is
now before the House. In the bill I shall In
troduce I will carry out your later suggestions.
Yours very truly, GEORGE C. PERKINS.
WILLS FILED FOR PROBATE.
Mother of Robert Lynch, Secretary to
Rev. J. George Gibson, Dis
• poses of Her Estate.
Rev. J. George Gibson applied to the
Superior Court yesterday for probate of
the will of Maria Hussey, who died in
Los Angeles last April, leaving an estate
valued at $2500. The testatrix was the
mother of Robert Lynch, who occupied
the position of secretary for the Rev. J.
George Gibson during the trying period
of the trial of Theodore Durrant for the
murder of Blanche Eamont. Rev. Mr.
Gibson is named in the will as executor,
and he has formally accepted the trust
imposed* upon him. Following are the
specific bequests. To her eon, Robert
Newton Lynch, the testatrix bequeaths
one-third of the estate; to her daughter,
Lottie M. Lynch, one-third; to Robert
Newton Lynch, in trust for testatrix's
daughter, Lottie M. Lynch, one-third.
Charles M. Hussey, husband of the de
ceased, is omitted from the provisions of
the will, as he is entirely Incompetent to
manage the property, in the opinion of
the testatrix.
The will of Mrs. Katherine Kieffer, who
died in this city on the 9fh inst., leaving
an estate valued at $6000, was filed for
probate yesterday. The estate is devised
to her two sons, Robert Hirt and Henry
Meyer. Charles Kieffer, husband of the
decedent, is given a life interest in the
estate.
CHARGES BEING FILED.
The Surveyor of Customs Accuses Dr.
Rosenau of Making Unjust
Discriminations.
The war between Federal Quarantine
Officer Rosenau and the office of the Sur
veyor of the Port is still raging as In
tensely as ever. It Is understood that
charges will be filed shortly against the
doctor by the Surveyor, accusing him o£
hampering the customs officials In the
discharge of their duty. A mass of ar
fldavits will be sent to Washington to sub
stantiate the charge. The matter Is be
i ing kept very quiet by the Surveyor ana
■:-,:/.:.•• • •.-: , ■ .", /^'^ " ' f
rAuctiorvSktes
BUGGIES, CARRIAGES, HARNESS, ETC.,
«^S AT AUCTION! ¥ fBSt
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, JUN£ 23, AT 11 A. M.,
AtSalesyard. Cor. Market st. and Van NessAve., ;
BY ORDER OF CONSIGNEE, |
TEN FINE NEW VEHICLES.
Comprising: Three Road Wagons; 1 Piano Box
Top Buggy; 1 Buckboard; 8 Extension Top Sur-
reys; 1 Road Cart; 1 Extension Top Carriage,
with pole and lamps; 1 Half- top Cabriolet,
with pole.
ALSO. SAME TIME AND PLACE.
By order of J. K. MOFFITT, Trustee of WM.
| CORBITT,
The entire lot of High and Bike Sulkies and
Carts, ■ Track and Road Harness (single and
double), and Boots of all descriptions heretofore <
in use on the celebrated San Mateo Stock Farm,
some of them new and all In good condition.
KILLIP & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers,
■ - 11 Montgomery st.
__— — — — —^
P. J. BARTfI, AUCTIONEER.
• _____^_
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY .:.... ...JUNE 23. 1898
, AT 316 SUTTER STREET. .
At 11 o'clock a. m.
i 600 pieces Elegant and Artistic Bamboo Fur-
niture, consisting of Tables. Chairs. Brackets,
Mantel Brackets, Bureaus Flower Stands,
Fancy Pieces, etc. This entire stock will be
sold without limit. Dealers invited.
ELEGANT NEW OAK FURNITURE.
30 irofs^TlE^^^^EN^l^H AND
SEVENTH. OFF HOWARD. '
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
BED CROSS FUNDS.
OAKLAND, June 22.— The Red Cross
League is somewhat divided regarding the
Bcope of its work. There has been some
difference of opinion expressed, and at
the meeting yesterday the president, Mrs.
Abbott, declared that some remarks made
by Mrs. Friend were "insubordinate."
Mrs. Friend is chairman of the Fifth
Ward Promoting Committee and she ai
once resigned and Miss Maria Rahson, a
member of the executive committee, did
likewise.
"My remarks did not apply to any par
ticular member or committee." said Mrs.
Abbott to-day. "I hope neither Mrs.
Friend nor Miss Babson will resign from
I the committee, and I think when they un
derstand what I really intended by my
remarks they will not. There is a ten
dency on the part of some people to
criticize the executive board for with
holding its money, but we feel it is abso
lutely necessary to watch out for funds
I closely. We are ordered by the State so
| ciety to do so and we must not disobey
orders. No one has any right to criticize
us for obeying orders and I mentioned the
matter as I thought it a proper time to
call the attention of the ladies to the fact
I that we look upon the Red Cross funds
j as a public trust, not to be touched upon
"The State society has already called
upon the San Francisco Society for $5000
and we understand it will be our turn to
give next, so we must be in readiness to
meet the call. I am sorry that my re
marks have caused any unpleasantness
and I will explain matters."
"I resigned from the promoting com
mittee because I felt that I did not want
to be chairman of a committee whose re
ports were not approved by the presi
dent," said Mrs. Friend this morning-. "I
will, however, remain in the Red Cross
Society."
Big Estate in Trouble.
OAKLAND, June 22.— The vast estate of
the Pratt minors is so heavily in debt that
permission was asked of the court to-day
to mortgage it for $27,450 to pay off some
of the indebtedness. Unless objection is
made all the estate, with the exception of
the family residence at Fruitvale, will be
mortgaged.
i his deputies, but this much has leaked
! out. Dr." Rosenau will be charged with
i making unjust and unnecessary discrimi
nations against customs inspectors' in the
discharge of their duties.
The Railroad Case.
The taking of testimony in the case of
the Southern Pacific Company vs. The
Railroad Commissioners of California is
BtiU going on before United States Com
missioner Heacock. Yesterday was spent
In the examination of Clerk Chapin as to
the time in which the cars of the com
pany were built, their cost and the num
ber which were used in. and outside of
this State. The matter will be resumed
this morning.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEABKT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
* sires triiarant. ■«-<!. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'. UIBBON, Box 1937, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive , Denver ...... .5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p.m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates. . i-/j'-V, i
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEHFFICE— I44 MARKET ST
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520. •
Oakland Office— Broadway.
Sacramento Office- 2)i J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, i&S*, trains will run as follows:
. South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed . Mixed Passen^
: ger ; Sunday Sta- Sunday 'ger
Dally. Excpt'd tons. Exc'pfd Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 8:45 p m 6:40 d m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3*53 n m
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno : 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 d m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd T 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:0 a p m 7:50 p m Vlsalia ; 6:40 a m 12:65 p m
Stopping at ' intermediate points as required.
- Connections— At Stockton ' with steamboats of
California Navigation : and '. Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. :, m. dally; at Merced ■ with ' stages to land
from Snellings, v- Coulterville, Ynsemlte ■■••■ etc •
also with stage from Hornitos, MarlpoßS, etc •
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera. j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. . Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1598.'
 - - WEEK DAYS. . v,
-' For : Mill "Valley and > San Rafael— »8:00, ■
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:00 I
6:30 p.m.v-.; ■.:."■-■' •■■■.- -."- :. ". ..; : ■:
.-Extra 1 ; trips for San Rafael ,on Mondays,'
Wednesdays, Saturdays and . Sundays ■-■ at 11:30
p. m.^agasßSBßßßMßagtwii tin < mru iti'Mmitmam
--: •> . -■ ' . •; SUNDAYS. . -:■■ '■ \ ... . .
:. For Mill Valley : and i San Rafael— *B:oo, »9-00
•10:00, ■ 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, «2:30,' »4:Oo|
6:30, 6:45 p. m. ' .. . : ' -:' . •-,
rA 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.'*
■ 6:30 p. m. ■ does not run . to Mill Valley. . •
■/■. Trains marked run to San Quentln. ■
, V THROUGH TRAINS. -. :
7:00 a. m. week days — Oaiadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. : week : days ■' (Sat. " vx. )— Tomales ; and
: ' way stations: . ; ■■■'.- •: • . ■ .■ - :'---■■:■■
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and ' way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE.
Great Auction Sale
BY CATALOGUE. OP j
VALUABLE BOORS.
GEO. F. LANSON, Auctioneer.
The Immense Library of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, to
Be Sold at Auction by Order of
the Board of Trustees of the Li-
brary Association of the 1. 0. F. ;
»■'":' ;^>'. t i' I WILL SELL :
At public auction - ! the Association Rooms. .
cor. Market and Seventh sts., their entire mag-
nificent library; comprising upward of 15,000
volumes standard works, embracing every
br<mch of . literature, science, art, history, bi-
ography, belles lettres, travel, poetry, .ro-
mance, valuable illustrated books, bound Jour-
nals and magazines, London Art Journal from
1549 to 18S2, San Francisco Bulletin from first
issue in 1855 to ISS4. complete s^r of San Fran-
cisco directories, set Gentlemen's Magazine
(London) from 1731 to ISS2; description of Egypt
in French, published by order Napoleon, 86
volumes text, 11 volumes plates ; Russell
Scott's Naval Architecture.* 3 volumes, with all
the great variety of rare books contained In
this valuable collection. ,
SALE WILL COMMENCE
MONDAY, JUNE 27th INST.,
At 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:30 p. m..
To continue daily at the same hour and place
until the entire library is disposed of. i
: Catalogues can be obtained at the Associa-
tion rooms, corner Market and Seventh st«.,
Friday. June 24, from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GEORGE F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
Hrailroad tbavel. _
WtTUKRN -pacific COMPANY.
(pacific system.)
Train lenre mill nr« due to »rrlT« «• <
NAN I" It AN< !*««».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) «
kavx — From Jong 1. 1898. — AMtrra
•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... l *s*'
7:OOa Benida, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:«Oa Marj»»ille,Oro»iUe and Redding TO _*- a
Woodland SfiS*
7:OO A VaoaTille and Ruinaey »i 43*
7 jSO Martinez, Ban Kamon. Vallejo. Napa, ■ -
Oaiintoga and SauU Rosa S.5 F '
8:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogdeu and East.. Si4ar
Sjllha NIIm, Sail .lose. Stockton. lon*.
Sacramento, MarjitiUe, Chloo, • „
Tehama and Re.l Hlu«f ■ : i'!2 r
•B:3*A Peters, Milton, Oakdale ■7*lor
9:OOa New Orleans Ki|>rtxu. Merced, Fres-
- no, BakersUeld. Santa Barbara,
J,os AiiKeUm, Dewing, El I'uo, _
ii : '  New Orleans and Ka»t s*ls*
1O:9Oa Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations ?«*«*
•l:QOr Sacramento Hi»er Stenniers *■ 1 ??'
....... San Jose, NUea and Way Stations.. . J»«1»A
S:OOp Lliermore, Mendota, Uanford and _
Vlsalia 4ilßp
LlTormore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Fresno,°y. osemlte! Merced.' Marttnei 1 2;18f
Fresno, Yosemite, Merced. Marttnei 1 8: 1 8f
«toOr Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo,
, Napa. Onliatoga, Xl V«rano and ■ .
BautalUiaa »ll»a
4>oor ßenicia, VacaTille, Woodland.
KniKhts Landing, Msryirille, Oro-
Title and Sacramento •• 'S'li*
4iSop Nlles, San Joae, Tracy and Stockton .. 7jlsf
•i3Op Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James- __, „_
- town for Yosemite), Merced 1»I1O»
«:3Op Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berendft
• v,v.. (Raymond for Yo»emlte), Fresno, •
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Lot
Angeles Ti4B4
4i«or Santa To Route. Atlantlo Kxprew -
for Moja- . and Kast J t4 2 F
B:OOr lCuropeau Mail. Ofuen and Bart.... » ! f2 4
••:OOi- Vallejo l»il»P
«:OOi> ]|Hyw»rAa, Nil™ and Han .Toae _ , 7t4»*
t7:ooi> Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Bta- •.";*■
tlous I9t*9r
Bioop Oregon Kxprnui.Saeramento, Maryi- ; ' KV-T
Tllle. Ut-clilliiE. Portland, Tuget _
' Boiin.l ami Kitst »il»4.
SAN liEAMIKO AM) IUYWAIIIKS LOCAL.
• : (Foot of Market Street.) '
- 1 . Helrosf, Semlimrv Turk, f 7:19 a
8:00 a Fltcliburß, Klmhurst, *!f, J is*
.222 A San Lea«.lro,SoMlhSaM \THt
iiIZZ Le»n,lro, F>t»dill», i«««*t
:i3i:O»M Loremo, Cherry tl:43p
t'<i:oOp anil - :■:■».!?
5:00p - wards. t»i4Hr
7:00p I < Rung through to Nile*. Tt43p
) t From Nilea. I
COAST IM VISION (Narrow tiange).
: (Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Crux Excursion, Santa Crui
and Principal Way Stations ....... t8l«S»
8:15 a Newark, OenterTille, San J use, Fel ton. :V~: : :
Boulder Creek, Santa Orui and Way '-'■>»"■ V-
Btations • 5i5«»
•»ilßp Newark, OenterTille, Ban Jose, New
: " * Aimadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,"
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
• Stations..... .■.;•"• •10t5»*
4:1 San Joee, Glee wood k Way Station* 9 :2» A.
a4ilBp Boulder Creek and Santa Crug ■■■... jtf:»*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmStH m»olSGO— root of Market Slrt»i (Slip I)—
•7:15 9:00- 11:00 a.m. |l:00 *3:00 t3:0O
•1:00 tB:OO *6:00r.ll.
from 01IUID— root of BrMilwiy.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:00 *l:00 12:03 *3:00 Ji:00 *D:OOr.«.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad <!»■§•). "
(Third and Townaend Sts.) .
•7looASaii .lose And War BUtious (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) llSdr
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
. Santa Cruz. Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations }Sj33»
0:OOa Han .lose, Tree l'iiina, Hunt* Crux,
Pacific Grove, l'aao ltoble*, baa
Luis ()l>ispo, Guadalups, Surf and
PriiicliiiU Way Stations 4tl«r
I O»4«» San .loee and Way HUtiom «8:00*
11i3Oa San Jose and Way Stations ••iB»A
*B>4sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, ,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Hsu Jom,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Crux.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
-: - V • Gr0re...... MO:8«A
•«:SOp Ban Jose and Way 5tati0n5........;. «9:0Oa
•4ilsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45*
•5:00f San Jose and Priudpal Way SUUoni 8:35 a
S:80p San Jose and Principal Way BUUoa» . 8:30 v
6:»Op San Jotoand Way Stations .7:30?
♦ 11i45p Ban Jose and Way Btatlons 7t»9l>
■ A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
* Sundays ezcepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays erAf
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays. '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
i RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiboron Fmrty, Pott of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAJEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m*.:" 11:35.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. ■ ■ . '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; IJ:4S»
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
-■ 6:00. 6:25 P. m.^^
Between Ban Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .. ■ >■?..«--. j
■.•■■-■' Leave , ■ * Arrtv* '•■-'.< >
; San Francisco.' In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, .
Week I Sun- IS3B. Sun- Week
Dayß. ] days. Destination, [ days. ' ( Days.
1:60 am 8:00 am ' Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm '9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
. ■ Fulton, , ~ T
7:30 am Windsor. ■' 10:23 am
* Healdsburg,
- ' Lytton, -
'-••■ - Geyserville, 1 : -r-:--
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:16 pm[ 6:Hpm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:3opm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am :
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ' ■■ ■■ '. "■ I-■- - ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:00 ajn Sonoma 'V:4O ami 8.40 am
• ;- ,: ■• - .■■ . and .- ■■'
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
.7:30 ami .8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ":."?;": 7:35 pm 6:23 pm'
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rervllie for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, : - Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, : Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, • Lierley's, • Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.'
Hullville. Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-:
j doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. : :;■ £
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ' . - .'■■■- . ' .' •-'• *>■
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■ •
Ticket Offices, 850 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, -..-■• R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
"mount TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
; (Via Sausalito x Ferry.)
Leave San ■ Francisco, commencing ■ May -X,
1898: - ■-•-, .-.:; ~>> ■ ■■:'■ :.€ :■ -■■-■--■- •: '. : W
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. • .•■ ; , - - ..
Round trip from Mill Valley, %1. .':.:'
• THOS. ' COOK & SON, Agents, ,621 : Market ?
street, '■ San Francisco- -. ■ . ; ~ -\ . '■■
910
JUDGE LOW
AS A PUBLIC
PROSECUTOR
Officer Smith Incurs His
Displeasure.
THE POLICEMAN THREATENED
THE JUDGE FAVORS HIS FRIEND
ATTORNEY MAHONEY.
His Honor Does Not Relish the Task
Given Him by the Jury.
A New Trial
Brewing.
The case of Attorney W. H. Mahoney,
convicted by a jury on the charge of ob
structing a street crossing, has exempli
fied tho fact that Judge Low is under
certain circumstances subject to absence
of memory as to his official capacity.
The facts in connection with the arrest
of Mahoney and his trial and conviction
by a jury have already been published.
While a regiment was marching along
Market street on Its way to Camp Mer
ritt, Mahoney was in front of a crowd
at Eddy and Market streets. Policeman
W. J. Smith was detailed to keep the
crowd back. He warned Mahoney to
move back, but the attorney refused, and
practical y dared the otneer to arrest
him. The officer did what he believed
was his duty and booked a charge of ob
structing the street crossing against Ma
honey.
During the trial last Thursday it was
shown that Mahoney bitterly resented
his arrest and made a threat that h>
would "break" the officer. He had four
or live witnesses who testified in his fa
vor, and ex-Judge Forral to defend him,
but the jury believed that the officer had
not exceeded his duty and convicted Ma
honey. Judge l.mv continued th>
till Saturday, wh< n Mahoney was to ap
pear for senence.
The case was called on Saturday, but
ex-Judge Ferral made a motion for a
new trial— an almost unprecedented step
in the Police Court alter conviction by a
jury— and after some informal talk the
cue wus again continued till yesti i
Yesterday Judge Low was asked what
he intended to do in the case and he
promptly answered. "Dismiss it."
He wus asked the reason, and he re
plied that Policeman Smith had apolo- j
gtaed to Mahoney and Mahoney had ;
promised not to bring Smith before the
Police Commissioners, so that it was all
L To confirm his statement he sent j
for the officer, who admitted going to j
Mahoney after the trial and saying to;
him that he had no personal feeling in
the matter, but simply did his duty, and
was willing to shake hands with him as ;
a citizen. Nothing, however, was said j
about what the Police Commissioners
might do in the case.
"Well, what do you want?" angrily
asked the Judge.
"This man has been convicted by a
jury," replied Smith, "and I want to see
sentence passed upon him."
"All right," said the Judge as he strucK
the desk with his list, "I shall continue
the case till Saturday and you will have
to look out for yourself." The latter part
of the expression was said in a threaten
ing mamiiT.
The Judge later said that he would ad
vis.- Mahoney to bring the officer before
:ilice Commissioners and he would
personally see that the charge was prose
cuted, a ■ the language use-l by the officer
to Mahoney, he claimed, was dlsgracefu*.
Polio? i: .in Smith says he is not afraia
of the threat to bring him before the
commissioners. He insists that as Ma
honey has been convicted by a jury he
ought to be punished and he cannot see
why he should be treated differently from
any other person convicted of an offenss.
"I wanted to show Mahoney," said
Smith, "that I was not the mad bull that
he represented me to be and that I simply
did my duty as a police officer in arresting
him. That was why I went up to him anu
as a citizen offered to shake hands with
him after the trial. If Judge Low thinks
he can Intimidate me he Is very much
mistaken. The man has been convicted
by a Jury of his own seeking and the
duty of the Judge is to sentence him."
.IN INDIGNANT ATTORNEY.
Otto turn Suden Threatens to
. "Break" Police Captain Sey
mour.
Otto turn Suden, the attorney, has un
dertaken the task of "breaking" Police I
Captain Seymour, because of the recent :
order made by the Captain preventing
attorneys from entering the City Prison
unless on a permit, to . see a prisoner.
Suden was sent for yesterday by John O. j
Kane, an employe of Hildebrand, Posner j
& Co., 610 Front street, who was ar- j
rested on a warrant charging him with !
grand larceny, at the Instance of John i
Gell, saloon-keeper, 225 Third street. ]
The charge arose out of the manner in !
which Kane got $150 from Gell. . Suden j
went to. the prison, but Sergeant L.lnd
heimer declined to admit him without a
permit . from headquarters. Suden was
indignant, and, meeting Seymour, angrily
asked him why he should be made a mes
senger for me Police Department by car
rying a permit to the prison. The Cap
tain explained to him the reason for issu
ing the. order, but the attorney was not
to be pacified, and threatened to have the
Captain removed from his position. Chief
Lees later sent a permit to the attor- 1
ney's office, and he presented it at the
prison and was admitted.
A STRANGER UUNKOED.
The Police Searching for Three Men
Who Relieved John Kirkwood.
of His Money.
Captain Bohen's orders to have the city I
cleared of bunko men have not been car- i
rled out, although a number of the "sure j
thing" gang were rounded up last week |
and were given a chance to go to i
Alaska.
Yesterday John Kirkwood, a stranger, ,
who Is temporarily living at 217 Third
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Mogan'B court, charging three bunko I
men, whose names ho did not know, with
swindling him out of $12;" by ;i card |
game on June IS. It was the same old j
story of a chance acquaintance, a visit
to a room and an Introduction to two j
other nico men, followed by a game of |
cards. Kirkwood saw a chance to make I
money r-asily. and was quickly relieved of !
all the cash he had.
Detectives Egan and T. B. Gibson are j
now Beaching for the bunko men. who i
if arrested, will have to answer a charge !
of grand larceny.
A New Swindle.
A new swindle was worked on the owner
of a Natoma-street house yesterday aft
ernoon by a man who evidently wanted
but little money but wanted that little
bad. The house in question has had a
"flat to let" sign prominently displayed
for several days, and yesterday a
stranger, accompanied by an expressman.
called on the landlady and told her that
Tie was looking for rooms which he wished
to occupy at once. The landlady showed
him through the house and he appeared
so well satisfied with everything
that he dispatched the expressman
with a note to his wife, asking
her tor $15 to pay the rent in ad
vance.- He then measured the height of
the chimney with a string, remarking
that he would be obliged to buy a new
pipe, and borrowed 75 cents from the
landlady and disappeared. About two
hours later the expressman came back
with the information that if such a house
had existed as he was directed to it would
be somewhere near the middle of what is
now Golden Gate Park. The expressman
le still mourning his wasted afternoon.
the landlady her coin, while the stranger
in all probability is congratulating him
self tor hiß cleverness.
HAWAII IS
NOT NEEDED
Opponents of Annexa
tion Yet Argue.
WHITE'S SPEECH RESUMED
DECLARES THAT MORE TER
RITORY IS NOT REQUIRED.
Pettigrew Relieves the California
Senator and Points Out Some of
the Interesting Issues In
volved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Opponents
of the annexation of Hawaii occupied
the time of the Senate to-day. White
(D.) of California resumed his speech
begun yesterday, but after speaking
two hours yielded the lloor to Pettigrew
| (R.) of South Dakota, who discussed j
; the resolutions for an hour and a half. I
White has not concluded his speech, j
Pettigrew taking up the argument
against the -resolutions merely to af
: ford him an opportunity to rest.
When the resolutions providing for the
i annexation of Hawaii were laid be-
I fore the Senate, While of California re- \
; sumed his speech begun yesterday in op
position to the resolutions. White pre
: sented additional arguments and citations
of authorities to establish his position
that annexation of foreign territory must
; be by treaty and could not be by legis
j lative act.
: After concluding his presentation of the
i legal and constitutional objections he had
! to urge against the resolutions. White
entered upon a discussion of the state
ments that the possession of tRe Hawaiian
Islands was a military necessity to the -
United States, particularly as the Gov
ernment now had important interests in ,
the Philippines. He ridiculed the idea that
the Hawaiian group was needed by this
I country as a half-way station to Manila.
He pointed out that from San Francisco
It was 4ls milts nearer to Manila by way
of Unalaska than it was by Honolulu. He j
said, too, it had been urged that the Ha- :
waiiun Islands were needed as a defense
of the Nicaragua canal. He thought it
much more desirable to defend the canal
from San Francisco, which was 2700 miles
from the terminus, or from San Diego,
only 22' Xi miles away.
At great length White ridiculed the
statements of the naval and military ex
that the United States ought to
hold the Hawaiian group as a military
: • essity, to prevent its seizure by any
nation, and to use it as a stepping
stone across the Pacific. He maintained
yon if the arguments of the experts
were correct, the United States, possess
ing the islands, would have to surround
them with tremendous naval power to de
fend them in time t»f war.
"No one," declared White, "is seeking
for a fight with us, and no one ever will.
If the Pacific Coast is not well defended
now. how will you make it easier to de-
Vby acquiring other teritory that also
t be defended? If we consummate this
me we will be told we must have the
.ppines, because Hawaii is not worth
h unless we can have something else
ie it for. And when we have annexed
Philippines we must have something
else. So we will extend our action around
the globe and enter upon an imperialistic
Py. Is it for a coaling station that ,
ropose to change our policy? If so, !
he Government get our coaling sta
(Pearl Harbor) and let the Govern
; of the Hawaiian Islands proceed to
; out its destiny, whatever that may
If we need a coaling station in the
Hawaiian Islands it does not follow that
w iv t-d the islands. If we need a coaling
station in China it does not follow that
we need the entire Chinese empire."
White maintained that there would be
DO impropriety in this Government en
tering a protest against any other nation
interfering with the present Government
of Hawaii, and in the face of such a pro- ]
test no nation would interfere. Shortly
after 3 o'clock White said he was much
fatigued and yielded the floor to Petti
grew of South Dakota. White will pro
ceed with his speech to-morrow.
In beginning his discussion of the Ha
waiian resolutions Pettigrew said he pre
sumed the homestead provision had been
Btricken from the Indian bill for reasons
of economy, yet $10,000,000 in duties was to
be remitted on Hawaiian sugar and other
Hawaiian products, all of which was in
favor of Asiatic labor.
"I had hoped," said he, "that the ques
tion of adopting a policy of annexation,
of a policy of imperialism, might be set
aside until the present war is over. In
stead of that we are being propelled
to an issue by an Interest which has
crowded around this capitol for years,
that of the sugar trust. We are to be
forced to action."
Pettigrew maintained that the terri
lof the United States was already
c enough, and he believed it his duty
esist the acquisition of any territory
bited by a people far inferior to ours
o located as to require a navy to de
[ it. In case of war with another
on our foreign possessions would be
first attacked. He believed the United
States ought not to enter into competi
tion with the great European powers
either in the supporting of a great navy
or in the acquisition of foreign territory.
At 4:65 p. m. Pettigrew, not having con
cluded his speech, the Senate went into
executive session, and at 5:15 adjourned.
ADMITS SHE GAVE
FALSE TESTIMONY
Third Witness in the Carson Orphan- j
age Investigation to Confess
Perjury.
CARSON, June 22.— Miss Hannah
Thomas, a young woman employed at
the Nevada Orphans' Home, and who
testified at the recent investigation, has
made affidavit in Virginia City to the ef
fect that the testimony she gave before
the board of inquiry was false. This Is
the third affidavit made in the case by |
witnesses for .the Home management ad
mitting that they perjured themselves.
After reviewing such parts of her testi
mony which she claims was untrue, she
says :
"In giving said testimony I did so at
the request of Mrs. Beebe (the matron)
and Miss Stock, whose character was the i
subject-matter of the investigation. ■ I
was reluctant to so testify, but Mrs.
Beebe Importuned me for more than one
day and on several occasions each day,
until she overcame my scruples and I
finally testified as she desired. I make
this affidavit and corrections in my testi
mony given at said Investigation freely
and voluntarily and for the purpose •of
doing justice to all parties concerned."
Most of the witnesses are children—in
mates of the Institution— and a number
of them claim they, were forced to swear
to statements put in their mouths by the
management. It is reported the Grand
Jury of Ormsby County will take up the
matter at Its next session. j
Pursued by a Mountain Lion
SALINAS. June 22.— Owing to the scarcity
of food, mountain lions are coming down
to the valleys. This afternoon Mrs. Crall,
residing in Pine Canyon, about live miles
from town, while going to a neighbor's
house with three children, was trailed
several hundred feet by an immense lion.
A large shepherd dog with the woman
made for the lion, which took fright at
the barking and decamped. Mrs. Crall
was so frightened that she was ill for
several hours.
Will Celebrate Anyway.
WOODLAND. June 22.— Woodland has
been so heavily taxed during the past
month in entertaining fraternal organi
zations and in sustaining the Red Cross
Society that It has been decided not to
hold any formal celebration of the
Fourth of July this year. The day will
be fittingly observed at Knights Landing,
however.
Advance! made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Nbonaa. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 23, 1898.
HORSES FIRST
TO THE WIRE
Sheepshead Bay Hurdle
Won by Forget.
MAINSTAY IN THE MONEY
BELLICOSO SECOND TO THE
MANXMAN AT LATONIA.
»
Rubicon, Charlemagne and La Mas
cotta Earn Brackets at the
Overland Park Track
at Denver.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. June 22.— Results at
Sheepshead Cay:
First race, six and a half furlongs—
Swiftmas won, Hanlon second, Mainstay
third. Time, 1:22 1-5.
Second race. Zephyr, Futurity course —
Sir Hubert won. Kingdom second, Mug
gins third. Time, 101 1-5.
Third race, one mile— Boy Orator won,
Sanders second, Latson third. Time,
1:42%.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Gold Mine
won, Hi Lee second, Miriam Calire third.
Time, 1:04.
Fifth race, one mile and a furlong, sell
ing—Lehman won. Bannock second, Bel
mar third. Time, 1:55.
Sixth race. Bay hurdle, two miles—For
get won, Sir Vassar second, Ben Eder
third. Time, 3:49.
CHICAGO, June 22.— Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
First race, four and a half furlongs-
Rosa L won. Guess Me second, Mazie V
third. Time, :55%.
Second race, seven furlongs— Amy
Ware won. Miss Casey second, Necedah
third. Time, 1:29%.
Third race, five furlongs— Spirituelle
won, Bill Anthony second, Mail Bag
third. Time. 1:02%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth —
Ollie Dixon won, Goodrich second, Al
bert Vale third. Time, 1:48%.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs —
Monadour won. Josephine B second, Mr.
Johnson third. Time, :55%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— The Manxman
won, Belliooso second, Ella Penzance
third. Time, 1:14&
Seventh race, seven furlongs — Cherry
Flame won, Pearl Walker second. Lew
Hopper third. Time, I:2BV*.
CINCINNATI, June 22.-Track fast.
Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Provolo
won, Mariti second, Jennie J third. Time.
1:29%.
Second race, five furlongs, selling—Ter
rene won, Marchmont second, Ramlet
third. Time, 1:02^.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Faunette won, Skylark second,
Remp third. Time, l:46 s i.
Fourth rare, one mile, selling—Domes
tic won, Caius second, Anaheim third.
Time. 1:43*4.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Obstinate
Simon won. Lost Time second, Furo
third. Time 1:0.3.
Sixth race, one mile, selling, Pancharn
won, Parns second, Rey del Mar third.
Time, 1:42%.
ST. LOriS. June 22.— Weather pleasant
and track fast. Results:
First race, for two-year-olds, five fur
longs, Rosa. Clay won. Ben Bramble sec
ond, Fontainebleau third. Time, 1:02^.
Second race, six and a half furlongs,
selling, Xalissa won, Nora S second,
Fourth Ward third. Time, 1:21%.
Third race, handicap, mile and a six
teenth. Parole dOr won, Colonel Gay sec
ond, Forbush third. T,ime, 1:48.
Fourth race, mile and three-sixteenths.
Gold Band won. Lady of the West sec
ond. Bishop Reed third. Time, 2:02.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling,
Don Orsino won, Onlnoor second, Tran
by third. Time, 1:55%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling, St. Au
gustine won. imp. King Gold second, San
saba R third. Time, 1:14%.
DETROIT, June 22.— Weather clear,
track fast. Results:
First race, four and a half furlongs,
Jim McCleevy won. Contravene second,
Sir Casslmlr third. Time, :56.
Second race, six furlongs, Marlonl won,
Mary Prather second, Glenfellow third.
Time. 1:16%.
Third race, five furlongs, "Weller won,
Guy Parisian second, Pell Mell II third.
Time, l:"2"i
Fourth race. Brewers' stake, selling,
value $1000, seven furlongs. Old Saugus
won, Pearl second, Brighton third. Time,
1:27.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, Distant
*Shot won, Deyo second, L B third. Time,
1:57*4.
Sixth race, six furlongs, Manzanitawon,
Volida second, Shanty Kelly third. Time,
1:16%.
DENVER, June 22.— Results at Overland
Park:
First race, pacing, Fannie Putnam won,
Shecam second, Miss Peterson third.
Best time, 2:16 U.
Second race, seven furlongs, Decapo
won, Tulare second. Royal Lancer third.
Time, 1:29%.
Third race, one mile, Rubicon won.
Devil's Dream, second, Sallie Lamar
third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Charlemagne
won, Powhuska second, Mrs. S third.
Time, 1:19.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs,
Bill Howard won, Dorah Wood second,
Lou Watklns third. Time, :55.
Sixth race, six furlongs, La Mascotta
won. Tiny P second, Sir Kenneth third.
Time, 1:17. __________
CINCINNATI WINS
FROM THE ORIOLES
Chicagos Lose Their Second Fourteen
Inning Game of the
Season.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDIN.G.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..35 19 .6481 New Y0rk. ..27 26 .509
Boston 34 20 .G3O Philadelphia 23 27 .460
i Cleveland ...32 21 .604 Hrooklyn ...22 29 .431
I«;iltlmore ...30 21 .SSB Washington 19 35 .352
• Chicago 31 24 .564 St. L0ui5. ...19 35 .352
'. Plttpburg ...29 2o .637 Louisville ...19 38 .1533
CINCINNATI, June 22.— A wild throw
by Jennings In the seventh Inning
i bounded into the gijand stand and allowed
| Hill to make the circuit with the winning
run. Attendance 2200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 6 8
Baltimore 2 4 1
Batteries— Hill and Peitz; McJames and Rob
inson. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
CHICAGO, June Young Woods
figured in another fourteen-inning contest
to-day and again lost | his game by one
run. Willis was retired in the first after
having given four bases and hitting a
batsman. The locals could do nothing
with Lewis after the second and ; he won
his own game at the finish by. a safe drive
that scored his catcher. Attendance 4000. '
Score:
Clubs— V • R. H. E.
Chicago :.............. .: 5. 13 ..-4
Boston .. 6 13 2
|f Batteries— Woods and Donahue: Willis. . Lewis
and Bergen. Umpires— Swart wood * and Wood. '
LOUISVILLE, June 22.— Not a Senator
passed second base to-day and only two
of them reached that bag. The Colonels
fielded finely and did some great base
running. The feature of the game was
Hoy's steal home while Swaim was in the
act of pitching the ball. Kittredge, who
was secured from the Chicago team, made
his first appearance and caught a goon
game. Attendance 500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 5 13 o
Washington 0 6 4
Hatt«»rles— Magee and Kittredge; Swaim and
MrUnire. Umpires— McDonald and O'Dav.
PITTSBURG, June 22.— Gettig lastea
half an inning and was replaced by Sey
mour after Plttsburg had won the gama.
Joyce was put out of the game for ques
tloning Cushman's decision. Attendance
1500. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Pittsburg io li s
New York 5 10 3
Batteries— Tannehill and Bowerman; Gettig,
Seymour and Warner. Umpires— Cushman and
Heydler.
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— The Quakers won
to-day's game by hitting at opportune
times. The locals played a listless field
ing game and their errors were mostly
costly. Attendance ISOO. Score:
Clubs— r, h. E.
Bt Loota 2 11 7
Philadelphia 8 13 3
Batteries— Sudhoff and Pugden; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpires— Emslte and Curry.
CLEVELAND, June 22.-The visitors
could not touch Wilson to-day and the
home team gave htm good support. The
game was snappy on both sides. Attend
ance 600. Score:
Clubs- R . H . E.
Cleveland 5 9 j
Brooklyn , 2 4 1
Batteries— Wilson and O'Connor: Miller and
Ryan. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
MERRY THOUGHT GIVEN RACE
Wins the Yachting Contest for the
German Emperor's Cup.
HELIGOLAND, June 22.— There were
seven competitors in the yacht race for
the German Emperor's cup, the course
being from Dover to Heligoland. The
start was made at 2 o'clock on Monday
afternoon and the first boat to finish, the
Rainbow, arrived here at 2:25 o'clock this
morning. The Latonia arrived at 5
o'clock, the Chamiion at 5:30, the Casta
net at 7:35 and the Merry Thought at 8:15.
The Merry Thought was declared the
winner of the race, with the Latonia sec
ond and the Castanet third.
Pillsbury in the Lead.
VIENNA, June 22.— 1n the sixteenth
round of the international chess tourna
ment to-day the results were as follows:
Pillsbury beat Walbrodt; Janowski beat
Alapin; Tschigorin boat Halprln; Marco
and Caro drew; Steinitz beat Lipke;
Blackburn and Born drew; Tarrasoh beat
Sehiffprs. Although Pillsbury leads at
present Tarrasch has a win in hand
against Janowski, which, after Its con
clusion, will give the German the leau
with half a point over Pillsbury.
Hobart Defeats the Britons.
LONDON, June 22.— 1n the all-England
lawn tennis championship tournament at
Wimbledon to-day Clarence Hobart, the
American player, beat Payn by a score
of 6—l, 4—6, 6—3, 6—3.
In the doubles Nisbet and Hobart beat
Hawes and Orme, the scores for the sets
bfing 6—2, 6—3, 7—5. In this game Ho
bart took the place of Eaves, who is 111.
Cumberland Plate Run.
LONDON, June 22.— At the second day's
racing of the Newcastle and Gosforth
Parks' summer meeting to-day Mr. Vy
ner's four-year-old brown colt King
Crow won the Northumberland plate of
1000 sovereigns. The Gatwick Purly plate
was won by the Lorillard-Beresford sta
ble's chestnut filly Bloosen.
May Moon Wins the Cup.
DOVER, Eng., June 22.— The race for
Gordon Hodgkinson's North Sea Cup,
from Dover to Heligoland, was an easy
victory for me yawl-rigge-d yacht May
Morn. The race started on June 18.
FOURTH OF JULY REGATTA.
Substantial Prizes to Be Awarded to
Oarsmen and Whitehall Boat
men.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
I of the Fourth of July Committee held last
] evening at the California Hotel there were
present the following: Grattan D. Phil
lips, chairman; John J. McCarthy, John
Much, C. J. Reilly, John T. Sullivan, T. L.
I Doran, James Devlin, William Berry
(president of the Pacific Athletic Assoeia
: tion), A. Rothkopf (representing the Dol
i phin Boat Club), W. C. Espy (represent
ing the Pioneers), John D. Mahoney (rep
: resenting the South Ends) and J. R. Bock
! man (representing the Ariels).
! The Pacific Athletic Association, on
| being Invited to assist in making- the re
! gatta to be held on Independence day a
i success, promised Its hearty co-operation, i
! It was decided that all funds handled by
! the regatta committee should be turned
I over to the treasurer of the Pacific Am-
I letic Association; that $200 in cash, to be
| divided into first, second, third, fourth and
fifth prizes, should be awarded to the
: Whitehall boatmen, and that $150 be al
| lotted to supply prizes for the oarsmen."
In order to make the prizes substantial
the committee will add to this sum.
His Foolish Jump.
Charles Manning, a saloon keeper at
1055 Mission street, was riding on a Mc-
Allister-street car yesterday afternoon
with a friend, and at Buchanan street
the friend's hat was blown off. Manning
jumped off the car to rescue the hat and
fell upon his hands. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Fitz
gibbon found that the bones of both
wrists were broken.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 22— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence June IS; Ftmr A! Xl, from Dyea.
Palled June 21— Stmr Mineola. for San
ETrandaco.
BOWENB LANDING— SaiIed June 22-Schr
Monterey, hence June 20.
FORT BRAGG— Salted June 22— Schr Ida
Sehnauor. for Snn Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year;
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; onen until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Nff. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
, MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.^.X —
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont-^i¥f*
gomery sta.— Special - assembly THIS I 111 I
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 V :'<■
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All raters are
courteously invited.- i - . . s
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Commander. .
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212, F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN-
ING, nt 7:30 o'clock, for second da- /iLJv
gree. By order of the Master." , '. »^r >
: E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. a
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _*V.
EVENING, June 23, at 7:30 o'clock.
■ Second degree. By order, of the Master. Syr-i
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. ,
ANCIENT Order of Hibernians. Board fa^arfr
of Erin— Thirtieth annual State con-^Pvw|f !
vention will be held THIS (THURS- *IVJ
DAY) EVENING, June 23, at Unlnnc£\*l»
Hall, 1159 Mission ' St., at 8 . o'clock. "-i^P*.
Officers and members who are in ' harmony
with the Board of Erin are cordially invited,
as business of vital importance , will come
before the meeting, - also the election of State
. officers for the ensuing year. By order •' . ; "
JAMES DOHERTY, National Delegate.
JAMES MeMENOMY, State. Treasurer.
* M. G. SEARS, County Delegate. ■ y
S. ~F." Scottish •' Thistle Club meets V- «» «s, "
THIS ■♦ (THURSDAY) EVENING. *, £*O7
Fraternity Hall, ; 32 O'Farrell st.,. 8 .^JkXss?.
- o'clock. ■ Members ■in good standing . '  "k ■•
will receive tickets for the annual gathering.
"Smoker" " follows. - . . ■ - > . ■• • r;
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE XV. PATERSON, Recorder. ,;
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. -" Subscrip-
t ions and want ads taker- V ■■-.-• wv
~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery.
gloves, corsets,, veiling, yarns, laces, ; cur-
'■■• tains, bedspreads, . calico, -- muslins, . linings,'
. shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth . St. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city •or - country. ■ PACIFIC COLLECTION
,; CO., 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. ALICE FAY,- magnetic : healer. ; 147 Pow-
2 ell , st., • room : - 2.  ■ :.: y . ; ."...■'. ".•■. X'- :'"'-";^: '"'-" ;^
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
. massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS SHELDON, 1 ' steam baths and chiropodist.
.;■ 1021 Market St., . opp. Powell, ■ rooms 9 and : 11. ■
ROOMS papered . from *2 50; whitened, $1 : up;
;.' painting ; done. '"■, Hartmann ; Paint C0., ': 343 • 3d.
PEARL HARRISON ,' and a assistant, . magnetic
■; treatment, • massage. .'. 120% . Geary St., ; room '. 2.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MISS EVA "sUMAlEßsT^alcohol ami vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sage. Rcfom 7, 1211 Market, old No. 1007.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. U,
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vi Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15^ Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., cor. of Sutter — The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, IS9B, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Friday, July 1. 189 S.
Dividends not called for are added to and
beur the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1898.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82, Soc per
share, of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st., on and after FRIDAY, July
1, 189 S. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day, June 25. 1898, at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Sun Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30, 189S, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1. IS9S. GEORGE A. STORY,
Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
1898, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday. July 1. 1898.
LOVE'LL WHITE, Cashier.
EMPLOY MfcNT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 835 Market st. ; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS nurse wishes situation; Infant
or invalid; can take full charge; best of ref-
erences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; tele-
phone Green 721.
GERMAN second girl with 3 years' references;
nrst-class waitress and seamstress. Address
or telephone MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to assist in housework;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion as waitress and chambermaid; best ref-
erences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second work; $10
to $15; references. MISS CULLEN'. 32a Sutter.
Al second girl, best of city reference, desires
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants a
place as working housekeeper or light house-
work; moderate wages but good home; refer-
ences; city or country. Call 2 days *12 How-
ard st.
WANTED — By an experienced young German
woman, position in bakery. Please call or
Inquire f>62 William st., near San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
GIUL wishes general housework; 2 years' ref-
erence from last place. &05 Sanchez, between
10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl wants place; assist
sewing or second work. Call 1139 Stanyan st.
YOUNG girl wants place for light housework;
wages $10 per month. Box 69, Call.
2 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish housework and
kitchen work; good references. 635 Second st.
GIRL wants place for housework; wages $15.
411 Fourth st.
NORTIt Oi-rman girl wishes situation as cook
and housework; wages $25. 1022 Larkln st.
YOUNG German woman with a child 'would
like place with an old couple to do general
housework or take a place as housekeeper;
city or country. Please call at 3236 Mission
St., in rear 2 Tiffany, place, between Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth sts. ; no postals.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class American
cook with references. Call or address 1610
Baker St., near Pine.
WANTED — By an American woman, position
as working housekeeper or general housework.
MRS. A. HIGGINS. 2840 Harrison st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a situation to do
general housework and assist In cooking In
small American family. Address 5 Adalr st.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper;
good cook; good seamstress: pleasant and
neat, with a little girl 8 years old. N. M.,
3 Elliott park, off Steiner, between O'Farrell
and Geary.
POSITION wanted by colored nurse In phy-
sician's office. 2 years in last place. Call or
address Sfi4% Geary st., rear.
POSITION as companion to invalid or nursery
governess desired. Call at 1466 Sacramento
Bt. ; references exchanged. Box 181, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
private family; please call for three daj-B.
210 Golden Gate aye.
STRONG young woman wishes work in a small I
family; good plain cook; chamber work or I
cleaning offices preferred; references if de-
sired. Address box 116, Call office.
NEAT, willing girl wishes a place to do up-
stairs or second work. Address box 131, Call.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
in a small family to assist with light house-
work; would make herself useful; references.
Box ir.3, Call office.
BY experienced bookkeeper, office position;
. best of references; Interview solicited. Ad-
dress A. I!., box 306, Call.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking; understands some
German cooking; references; $25. 513 McAl-
lister st.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
MEN for all kinds of skilled and unskilled la-
bor can be had at our office dally, from 7 a.
m. to 6 p. m. C. R. HANSEN & Co., 104
Geary St.; telephone Grant 18f>.
HOTELS and restaurants, bakeries and laun-
dries supplied with competent help on short
notice. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main IM7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANBSE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Uolden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE atiu Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man desires to send his sister to uni-
versity; wants position as salesman or at
office work in San Francisco or Oakland; ex-
perienced; good habits; best of references.
Address box 6S, Call OfflOC.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting saloon or
other work; city or country. Address 11.
VIELITZ, C 32 Mission St.. room 19.
WANTED— Position as clerk in grocery or
hardware store; wholesale or retail; steady;
married; age 2S; best references, box 72. Cail.
RELIABLE man and wife want to do cham-
berwork In lodging house or hotel; city or
country. Address Reliable, box 27, Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations in lodging-
house, hotel or private family; city or coun-
try; no cooking; references. Box 66, Call.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want posi-
tions in mine or some steady place in coun-
try. 319 Minna st.
POSITION wanted by young man; sober, In-
dustrious and reliable. Call or address W. S.,
2203 Geary st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a first-class all
around blacksmith; sober; can give best of
references. Address room 96, Royal House
126 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS cook (Chinaman); best of ref-
erence, desires position; city or country;
speaks good English. 820 Sacramento St., up-
stairs.
JAPANESE wants position as good cook and
house work; city or country. Address H. F.
U , 423 Stevenson St., city.
GARDENER wants situation. middle-age;
skiilful In the treatment and mana«em?nt of
horses, etc; first-class recommendations;
wages no object. Gardener, box 60. Call.
GERMAN waiter wants situation In plain
country hotel, not too far away from city;
plays piano and Is a singer. Address box
59, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook, or waiter, wants
situation; good references. T. FRANK, Jap-
anese Mission, Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS horseshoer and jobbing smith;
good all around. Call or address 542 Green.
BOY 14 years of age wishes position as errand
boy. Box 121, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants to take care of
sick or invalid gentleman; city or country;
best references. Box 128, Chronicle.
GOOD Chinese cook, washing, ironing, house-
work, wishes situation; 6 years In last place;
$7 a week. 708 Commercial st
6ITCATIONS /ANTED— Continued.
WANTED —By middle-aged man. to work
around place; understands care of horses and
garden work; good reference. J. M., box 20,
Call office.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and 'eliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 50. Call office.
THORO' :GHLY competent hotel man wishes
management of hotel; city, country or resort;
Al references from leading Eastern hotels and
clubs. Box 170, Call office.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
city or country; is a machinist and black-
smith; had 12 years' city experience; can give
good references. Address 29f'3 Harrison at.
INDUSTRIOUS Frenchman wishes position
near city on private ptace; can milk and tend
horses; handy all-around man; references;
moderate wages. Box 811, Call office.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want posi-
tions In mine or some steady place In coun-
try. Box 136," Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodist Gospel Hall. 734 Jackson St.. near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 B0 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; irea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAWTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS for the springs, $20; waitress,
country hotel, $20; housework girls for dif-
ferent country places. $15 and $20; private
family cook, country, $30. MURRAY &
R E A I)Y, G34-636 Clay St. _
STARCH ironers, $30 per month MISB CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $10, aa housekeeper.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
REFINED girl, San Mateo, $15, light work,
see lady here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, sleep home, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $10 to $12. MISS CULLEN.
I 32:". Sutter at.
NURSE. $25; cook. $30; second girl, same house,
2 in family, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
6 WAITRESSES, $20 and $J5. MISS CULI»EN.
323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
I Putter st.
RANCH cook, $20; housework. Stockton, $20;
Belvedere, $20; 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist,
$H) to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress for water resort, $30, free fare
one way; also 3 waitresses, same place. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEN waitresses for Santa Cruz. C. R, HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MATRON for sanitarium, «30, see party here,
and 2 waitresses, same place; waitress,
springs, $20, free fare both ways; waitress,
city, $20, and chambermaid, same place, $18;
chambermaid to wait, country. $20: 2 restaur-
ant waitresses, choice place. $6 week; lroner,
hotPl laundry, $2') and found; Ironers, steam
laundry, $32 month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
COOK and laundress for country, $25 and free
fare; 25 housegirls, city and country places,
$25. $20 and $15; 2 second girls, $20 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO restaurant waitresses, $6 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSE, with good reference. $25; second girl,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT Irish housegirl, $20; housegirl, $25; Ger-
man housegtrl. ?25. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
6 IRONERS, $30; ranch cook, $25;. housegirl, $15,
2 in family; chambermaid, $20; waitress, $20;
cook. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH or German chambermaid, country,
fare paid, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
8 YOUNG girls to assist, $10 to $15; German
housekeeper, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
PLAIN laundress, small hotel, $20: laundress,
private family, $25; 2 cooks, resort and board-
ine house, $25; 2 waitresses, resort, $20; 4
waitresses and chambermaid. $20, $25 and $6
week; Ironers in laundry; cock, small wash.
f!5; 2 girls, cooking and housework, German
style, $25; German or French second girl, $20,
and a great many girls for housework in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI to assist, hotel, country, $20;
waitress, restaurant, $5 a week; housekeeper,
city, $15; ironer in French laundry. $25; girls
for housework and assist: Ellse Camhotairole
please call. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
• house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
. 313 Bush st. . . r •■■
EXPERIENCED nurse, traveling; assist
printer, photograph gallery. 313 Bush st. ;
2 TICKET clerks; office matrort; several sales-
ladles; factory hands. 313 Bush st. ■
ALL waitresses,* chambermaids, second girls,
cooks wanting positions call 313 Bush st.
WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
WILL give room to woman or man and wife In
exchange for woman working 2 to 3 hours
daily; call after 2 o'clock. Maple House, 863%
Market st. : . ■
YOUNG ladles to solicit card printing at sol-
diers' camp: profitable. Call between 7 a. in.
and 8 p. m. at 31 Third st. . .
FIRST-CLASS' operators on ladles' Jackets, $15
to $20 per week. MEYER BROS., 7 and 9
Battery st. '
GIRLS can find employment by applying -at
Home of Love for Children, 1301 Franklin St.,
Oakland. ■ , ' '- ;
NEAT girl for housework; good home: refer-
ences; wages $8. 4047 Seventeenth, nr. Castro.
AN experienced finisher on tailor-made suits.
20 Sansome st., upstairs.
WAITRESS,. S2O a month. 507 Fourth st.
WANTED— Experienced ironers. Empire Laun-
dry, 755 Bryant st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant,
1212"4 Polk st. . -
GIRL or woman wanted to assist in general
housework. 952V4 Howard st., near Sixth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking, 3
adults and. 2 children. 1533 Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wages $8. 952% Howard st.
GIRL for housework, American family of 4,
$20; no washing. 631 Larkin st!
NEAT girl for general housework. Call bet. 9
and 1 o'clock, 3320 Twenty-first st.
APPRENTICE, custom pants; one who can
sew. 1039 Howard st. .
WANTED— A few hundred more operators at
LEVI, STRAUS «■ C'O.'S factory, 32% Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. . Davis.
GIRL wanted as laundress and chambermaid.
1721 Van Ness aye., corner Clay St.; call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. * m.
APPRENTICE wanted for hair work, at G.
Lederer's, 11l Stockton st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
wages $10. 716 Franklin st.
.YOUNG girl wanted to do light housework.
1220 Filbert st. . * .
WANTED— German girl for general housework,
4 In family, $15. 3401 Geary St., corner John-
ston aye.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 23c up. McDowell's, : 103 Post.*
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 Market
■t. : perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— and ladles to learn "Rood's
ma*ie scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 , Taylor.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^C^RPENTER^?or~a v ~-~ v
MURRAY & READY, Painter, city shoD
_MURRAt & READY, 634-630 Clay st
A — WAITERS for summer resorts. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay et. «"j"kax
A— s WAITERS - — - $30 and fou d
3 waiter boys — — $20 and $15 and found
4 COOKS — - ■— — — — .- «50 tin tin
6 dishwashers — — — $15 120
Porter, country hotel- $20 and found
•—--."— ...... .-,■ MURRAY & READY,
. *.- 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED — '• — — ——Farmer and -ar\ta
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 ClTy st: *
A... '.:....-.... MURRAY & READY........;...
...............WANTS" TO-DAY .-'•'•
.365 railroad teamsters and laborers.. Free fare
I 254 teamsters, railroad w0rk:... ;..... $1 75 day
122 laborers for a mine ............ $2 50 day
133 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
125 tie maker 5.............. Be, 9c and lie each
..................... ; ALSO '
25 gold miners .............. ........$2 SO 'day
33 firemen and furnace men... ......$2 50 <!■.'-
10 laborers to work in a yard :....$l 60 day
25 laborers for a great sawmill. .s26 and found
5 lumber pliers $1 50 day
35 farm hand 5 .............. ......$26, $23 and $20
7 mi1ker5.....:.... ...;..:.:..... $23 and $20
2 butter maker5. :.'..~.:...... ...:......... $25
15 teamsters, 2 horses, city ..'.sl '7s day
." 53. laborers, city jobs.:... .......$i 75 day
• 3 choremen and b0y5...:. .....;. .....sio and $15
Diamond driller . .......■......:..............
.2 stablemen, city and country :!!!!""
500 men for Arizona ............. r. ...""
2 spool tenders, sawmill . .; . .... . . . .'"..'s' day
10 woodchoppers, --tools furnished.... $1 50 cord
...... SAN MATEO COUNTY...!..
Blacksmith's helper, see boss here. $■> day
Blacksmith's helper . .. : . . .; . $2fi and found
........................MURRAY & READY.
— ................631 and 636 Clay st. ; :
WAITER. $30, fare advanced; waiter, $25; bell-
• boy. $15 ; ■ head waiter. $35 ; ; country hotels
-.HOTEL GAZETTE.', 42O Kearny st. ;. ."
n L c enT ; 2, reman - \$W •; per month, i MISS CUL-
: : \LEN, 325- Suttef. St. •:.,..;,. :*; ;;•-.- , :,; .^. ■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
. WANTED!
500 MEN! ■
Alaska ••••• ..Skaguay Railroad.
Mr. John" Stanley of Skaguay will be here at
our office to-day at 10 clock to interview
and hire all railroad rockmen and brldgo
carpenters at wages of from $3 to $3 So a day,
who may want to go. We ship every night
by rail and the next steamer goes baturaay.
June 23. Extremely low transportation rates
can be had by applying to C. R. HANbEN &
CO., Agents, 104 Geary st. •
TEAMSTERS for the coast railroad;, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED daily, teamsters for new railroad
work: free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
RANCH carpenter, $23: blacksmith's helper,
$25 and found; vegetable gardener, $25 and
• found; 2 carpenters for a country hotel, $40
,and found; 2 milkers, $30 and $25; 4 farmers
for an orchard $20 and found; barkers and
bucklers for the woods, $35 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. .
MAN and wife for a private place, see party
this morning 9 o'clock, $40. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. •
PAINTER who can grain, for a country hotel,
$2 a day and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BARBER, city. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10*
Geary st.
TWO camp cooks. $40, city and country; call
early. C. R. HAXSBN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH confectioner. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BREAD and cake baker, country shop. $50 and
lou:l ou : c vn try hote1 ' * 35 - c - R - HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $55. $35; 2 dishwashers $23- 4
vegetablemen, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO .
104 Geary st. s ■
THREE neat Eastern waiters. $40 and $45- 3
waiters for Portland, $30. C. R. HANSEN' &
CO.. 104 Geary st. *
COMPETENT violinist and a pianist for a sum-
mer resort, $40 and found each. C R HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
HEAD laundryman for plain work, hotel $55
and found. C. R. HANSEN' & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— blacksmiths for mine. $2 50 and $4
day; farmer foreman for fruit ranch, $30;
butter-maker, $30; laundryman, $30 and found-
blacksmith for laboring camp. $3."> and board;
wood turner for lumber mill, $2 50 day; 2
quartz miners, $2 50 day; laborers, short dis-
tance, $1 day and board; laborers, • city. $1 75;
10 farmers and milkers, $20, $25 and $30; young
man to milk and drive, $15. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Bnrher and do porter wr.rk fop
springs, $15 and board and one-half profits of
shop. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for laboring men, $45; second
cook, $35; waiter, coffee-house, $S 50 week;
hotel waiter, city, $30; waiter, country res-
taurant, $20; second hand baker, country. $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Farmer to take care of a ranch in
Trinity County; must have had experience In
California, $26 to $30 a month year round;
man to take care of horses, milk, etc., coun-
try, south, private place, $25; young man to
feed chickens and do chores, private place,
$15; butler, city, $35, etc. ANDRE'S, 318
Stockton st.
WANTED — French cook. $75: second cook, $60;
second cook, $35; waiter, French restaurant.
$35: several dishwashers and vegetablemen:
apprentice for laundry, $10; lroners, washers,
driver for dyeing works, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
WANTED— Cook and wife (both cooks) for in-
stitution, $60; pantry boy for springs, $15,
nice place; waiter boy, country- hotel, fare
advanced. $15; camp waiter, $15; gardener for
springs, nice place, $25; farmers, milkers,
woodchoppers and others; 2 German farmers,
near city, $26 and $20. W. D. EWER & CO..
626 Clay st.
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st.
PHYSICIAN'S bookkeeper and collector: also
strictly reliable and sober janitor to-da^. JIZ
Bush st.
GENERAL store manager; 2 cellarmen, wine
house; resta'nt bookkeeper, to-day. 313 Bush.
ACCOUNTANT, wholesale house, competent; S
salesmen, coast trade, salary, headquarters.
313 Bush st.
ASSISTANT manager Sacramento branch gen-
eral store; managers, experienced, to-day. 313
Bush st.
BROKER'S office manager, experienced: real
estate, renjtals, advertising; progressive posi-
tion. 313 Bush st.
CLEARING house (employment), strictly and
exclusively commercial, professional, mechan-
ical positions. 313 JBush St.
SALESMAN, inks and stationery; general store
pr.rter; canvassers, report orders daily. 313
Bush st.
TO-DAY— Ranch blacksmith, Indoor and outside
salesmen, clerks, waiters. 313 Bush st.
STRICTLY on membership lines; no limjt to
introductions; trials for selection. 313 Bush.
ORDERS for reliable help exceed memtv
investigation courted at headquarters, 313
Bush st.
! LADIES' select and refined bureau of informa-
tion; managed by city ladies. 313 Bush st. .
ALL ladies seeking lucrative commercial posi-
tions; strictly confidential. Ladies' Exchange,
313 Bush st. /
SITUATIONS wanted by a superior class of
domestic servants to-day. 313 Bush st. .
SITUATIONS wanted for cooks, waitresses,
second girls; references systematically inves-
tigated. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— A man giving reference from busi-
ness houses of this city as agent for the San
Joaquin Advertising Company; salary. Call 32
Turk St., S. F. branch office. BRANDON &
GARRISON, Proprietors. : • V
WANTED— Steady man,, satisfied with $16 per
week to start in genteel cash business; ex-
perience not necessary; must have $150 cash.
Apply 917 Market St., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS ■ barber, steady for Saturday or
Saturday evening and Sunday. Lurline Bath,
Barber Shop. ,
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladies' Jackets;
good pay. MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery.
FIRST-CLASS pants and vest maker; steady;
■ Job. Call at 226 Kearny st. to-day, 10 a. m.
MAN with some experience in shooting gal-
lery. 503 Kearny st.
WANTED— A second cook; wages 415. Wash-
ington Hotel, 622 Fourth st.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 49 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Press .feeder; steady work. VAN-
DEWATER & NORTON. 921 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 217 Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
. day. .1326 Pacific st. , -
BARBER wanted. 1919 Hyde st.
BOY wanted from 16 to 18. 129 Fourth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted to buy custom shoe-
shop. Apply 535 Commercial st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling at 825 Com-
mercial st. ■•■ .
MONEY; want to make more than your neigh-
bors? Write me. Manufacturer, box 127.">,
Boston, Mass.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be nt
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. ". ■ , ■- -
WANTED— maker, polisher; fine work.
Address box .70. Call office. .- • . '
WANTED— Barbers to buy shop; cheap. 1707
Market St.; one chair. , • - : .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.-
WANTED— CoaI oil canvassers. Apply F. R
y; JOYCE, Oil Company. Seventh and King sts!
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
; ment. : Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
-soling, 35c: only one price. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks 8
F. Barber College, 13S& Eighth st. -
: SINGLE " furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
•Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free bu3 and baggage to and from the ferry.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters -coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
! B^"ERS'_AKs'n_Free Employm't. Office. S.
I FLCHS. Sec. 32;. Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
i^Sli /£??»* t, 00 and lr>c I night : 175 c1 75c and $1
week.. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
i W A TEI £~ £.olleet wages due laborers and
I clerks - Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
i W^ NT ~ A i Mor| tana House, 764 ! Mission.
£}»h, en li^ c rooms;. 10c. 15c and 25c per
I night; 60c. 9Qc and $1 per week. . .■ :
' WANTED— Seamen : and ordinary seamen for
I Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc ; apply
■?■ Mariners' Home. ,W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below sixth,
for a room; 25c: a night; $1 a week. ■■. AGENTS WANTED.
B p^^S a H^l^=7^?^° d ' 8 - attorn
d^Z-i^-r^a^; k-8 '
«c dWn- X, 1 » ?paln? paIn - Remember the Maine,"
PhotoTof 1 plns ' Uq do2en : miniature j
doae? 1v ? herops 1n metal frames. 30c a i
flaiSf'tri^w*' 600 a"""*™*- kind." of badges,
"•^ori^ On "' Pictures, etc.. all at whole! i
destrWL iflo\ *££? or Bmail lots - assorted as
II- I.XI Mto m veT c *' nt Profit; sample line,
me o^ P very ord< * * &me da * received; try
k£u2T Kit ?S me * n<l ad(1 re«« 'or big cata-
reS& t\ ' *traUng 200 beat seller.; get
1 1 SHMAN, 14 Oliver st.. Boston. Mass.
A *r.i«r,T£i for Oar N » »l War With Spain";
be ™,h dl l 2, Ua £ on authentic book to
K.fi ■ S?L fMe outm now ready, act quick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg.. Chicago.
"•LMgpTqqiantT. cor. Clay-Open aiitY*
o clock; branch office of The Call. Subserto-
tion* and want ad» taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
"WAXTED— Party to buy Interest In useful ln-
« Can' offi° r 1*110"'1 * 110 "' 1 5 address Patent, box
HOUSES WASTED^
WANTED— desirable tenant, modern sor « '
room cottage or flat, north of Market; rent ;
_ not over $20. Box 23, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREH or four nicely furnished rootns~for
housekeeping; central. Box 124, Call Office.
.\JtD BOARD WANTED.
WA-NTEn- By an . elderly gentleman, board
and room in a private family In Oakland,
Fmltvaie or Berkeley; terms not to exceed j
$»■ Address box 3S, Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanging: done i
in exchange for nart of house or lot; best ref- j
cronres. Call 1757 Howard st.
~— ' ~— — ■ — _— , —___» I
WA.N'J'I- :u— MISCELLANEOUS.
■WANTED— second-hand safe: must
be In good condition. Address, giving dimen- !
sions of interior, S. HOFFMAN JR., 223
Crocker building.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box 345. Call office. I
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
DECKER" fifBARGAINs!
ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
FOR CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE,
lo rooms on Fourth si.; only $250 ;
6-room flat '....'.'.'.'.'. 150
2* rooms; new and good 1700
20 rooms on Mission st 700
10 rooms on' Eddy St.; $150 cash 325
■ 24 rooms; transient; clears $150 600
25 rooms on Market; clears 5100 600
S6-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted 1
4 20-room houses; from $300 to 1600 !
3 50-room houses: from $1400 to 3000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO. 224 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us: no charge for advertising; 500
houses; all sizes; all prices.
6 rooms; flat; free rent $125
7 rooms; Geary st. ; elegant; new 225
8 rooms; Jones St.; clears $20 223 !
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st... 350 ■
A— s2soo— FIFTY rooms, elegantly furnished
apartment house; clears $150 monthly; ex- j
change for Oakland or Alameda home.
KREDO & CO.
ONE of the best lodging houses in Oakland: |
entrance on two streets; excellent transient
trade; 40 rooms; completely furnished; rent j
very low; newly renovated; for sale as a 1
whole for the next six days; if not sold, will !
be sold at auction; account of owner going j
to Dawson. Inquire M. MARCUSE. 918
Broadway.
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE: north of Market St.; :
cost $1500. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. a Kearny. :
$600—36 ROOMS, well furnished; all rented; cen-
tral; rent $80 month. BASILE. S73V» Market.
TAYLOR. 238— Must sell furniture; 10-room
house. Call between 1 and 3 p. m.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions >aken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c. crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. nth:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from I* per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine- Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 0 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEA"3UE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teenth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
ELEVENTH M*— Brand) office of Th» Call.
Subscription* and ads taken. .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater, summer
term begins this month: for teachers and
ptudents; 1-5 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
ATREB" Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing.
Bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
ship. $30; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. SC.'i Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
SHORTHAND taught in on« month; references;
prh'ate lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America- The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. v
LOST.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHANNA CROWLEY; No. 94.431—
2.051,288. Finder will please return to bank.
VICINITY Post and Buchanan sts., puree con-
taining money, receipt, keys and pin (gift of
-deceased mother); keep money. Kindly re-
■ turn keys and pin to 1688 Post st. —
SATURDAY last, from Fifteenth St., fox ter-
rier; 7 months old; pink nose; black spot on
ear and tall: leather collar; liberal reward.
26 Montgomery .-i.. room 17.
TI'ESDAY evening In Catholic Summit tent or
vicinity. Jeweled belt. Return to 1709 Devlsa-
dero st. and receive reward. . . .
Loot— Documents of Los Angeles Land: no
value to other parties. Please return to MRS.
NELLIE E. SCOTT. 740 Shrader st.
LOST— Fox terrier: name on the collar, Ren-
free, Antioch. Return to 1512 O'Farrell St.;
reward. . . * :
LOST— A cape, on Mission st., between Fourth
and Fifth. Address 127 Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
all. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 £0. postage
free. -
CARPET CLEANING. A
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beatlng Works. 861-67 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., -402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. •
J. McQUEEN-S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning , Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates. ;- , *
CARPETS cleaned at Ie per yard, relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. I Eighth st.; tel. Jessie »44.
GREAT Eastern Steam • Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
3. B. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN '3 Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. -
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, tr-nks. etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
839 HAVES Branch " office of The Call.
Butscrli>tloni and ado taken. *
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; partner in first-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearny st. nr. Market, clearing easi-
ly $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
j _ ( l h , a iL cc - For Particulars. WILKE, 845 Mjlrket.
; A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar; double
; store; 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
i $60; first-class business; only cash trade: sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
j ctly; a very rare business opening. WILKE,
I 845 Market st.
I A— sl2oo; SALOON near Chronicle building;
average daily receipts $35; rent $75; an excel-
lent good place. WILKE. 845 Market s^
>— $600; SALOON on California st.; low rent;
doing a good paying business; no better offer
for the price in the market. WILKE, 815
Market st.
SALOON for ront : connected with the leading
hotel in Sacramento; rent low; fine fixtures:
everything complete; a rare chance. Call
_WILKE. 84S Market St.
A—s6oo;A — $600; corner saloon: milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE, 845 Market st.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $60; a rar« usines* open-
ing, ull WILKE, 783 Market st.. new num-
ber Mr..
! FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms
i and bath. Is offered at invoice value; bar re-
ceipts alone average $350 to $400 monthly:
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial if in
earnest. M. LESS, 765 Market St., opp. Phelan
building.
$125 ONLY— Cigars, candles, notions; fine store;
4 good living-rooms, with furniture; rent $15;
paying business; best offer ever made; place Is
actually given away. LESS, 765 Market St.,
! opp. Phelan building.
$200— BAKERY; principal street, heart of city;
liviiiß rooms; rent $2i; baking IVi barrels flour
Wiil'.y; all store trade; best offer in this line;
Trial giVen. M. LESS, Too Market St.
1 $3500— CORNER grocery and bar, established 40
years; unexceptional location; vicinity Call j
building; large stock; big bar trade, both
transient and regular; this offer is very best
' in Its line to-day; full investigation afforded
i and solicited. M. LBSS, W6 Market st.
SALOON principal street; central; old es-
tablished: rent $15; receipts $S to $9 daily; a
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 765
1 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; living rooms; sell cheap.
$125— Cigar and variety store; rms.; bargain.
$250— Saloon; city front. McLAUGHLIN, 23
Kearny st.
I $1500— SALOON ; north of Market St.; present
: owner going into extensive business. Mc-
! LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny St.
I $275— RESTAURANT? bargain if sold immedi-
i ately. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
' GROCERY and bar. with corner lot. lor ex-
change for small cottage; will pay cash dif-
ference. Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Kearny.
$325— CORNER saloon; billiard and pool; side
entrance. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny St.
$200— CIGAR store, with club rooms; principal
street. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$125— SALOON; bargain; this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 28 Kf my st.
A— KREDO & CO. 22Vi Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Nursery |$4500— Laundry
450— Florist I 20<Xh- Dyeing Works
7So— Millinery 2000— Wood and Coal
325— Barber Shop 1000— Quartz Mill
| 1200— Corner Saloon 30"— Cigar Stand.
A— sl2oo; prosperous plumbing, gas-fitting busi-
ness; stock will Invoice $200u. KREDO & CO.
I A— s2ooo; bakery and coffee parlors; daily re-
ceipts $40 to $50. KREDO & CO.. 22't Geary.
$2000 — Drug store; chance of a lifetime for a
I practical druggist. KREDO & CO..22HG«ary.
' A— s2ooo; grocery and bar; fine business corner;
monthly receipts $1000; ex. city or Oakland
1 home. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
{ PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY. 917 Market st.
$300— SALOON near Union Iron Works; 6 rooms;
fine business: best of reasons for selling.
HEALY &. CO.. 917 Market st.
i $12o— GREAT sacrifice ; fruit, vegetable store;
best location; receipts $12 to $20 day; must
sell. BARRETT. 1125 Market, above Seventh.
i BARGAIN headquarters for investors of large
| or small means. 1023 Market st.
I BARGAINS in business chances; strictly con-
j fldential; expert operators; satisfaction guar-
anteed. IDH Market st.
■ TO-DAY— Spot cash buyers for small business
j propositions; Investigate. 1023 Market st.
CAPITAL of $30,000 required by a party well
established in a profitable commercial busi-
ness who wishes to increase business with a
favorable opportunity presented: only prin-
cipals treated with, who may obtain full par-
ticulars, references, etc. Address Business,
I P. O. box 2209. San Francisco.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience j
[ not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week :
i each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
i $200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady ]
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
$150— PARTNER wanted in a business that will
pay $75 to each; this !b a chance for a good
man. Apply to J. CRAIGE, 611 Mission St.;
j no agents.
! $350— BARGAIN; cigar-stand, club room; fine
location: near Market; good business. BA-
SILE. 873H Mirket st.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquiry Call Office. •
$22.*— Will secure 1 sure cash paying rood busi-
ness for one <r two people; can clear $50
i weekly: a snap. City agency, HO Market st.
'■■ FOR sale— 2-chaJr barber shop; good location;
cheap rent. CAII at 17V» Valencia st.
A BARGAIN
FOR PALE OR EXCHANGE— One of the fin-
est health resorts and most valuabl and beau-
; tlful properties in Sonoma Co. ; fine large hotel;
running water and trout; cottages; mineral
warm springs beautiful scenery; vineyard
and farm larl; numerous buildings, etc.,
co-nprised in ihe premises, and in perfect
repair; Immediate possession given. Apply
to C. N. HARRIS, 321 Montgomery st., £>an
Frinclsco.
, FIN'S grocery aid bar for sale In the Mission;
ch-M'-e stock ol groceries and liquors, horse,
w&'gnn and outside trade; doing splendid
bu.ilneßs; retiring on account of 111-health;
bargain. Box 18, Call offlce.
\N old-established French liquor store,
doing a large business; clears $200 to $250 per
month; thorough investigation; large stock
on hand; present owner here 8 years. Box 71,
( a.l office. ' '
$1000--A house occupied by a saloon and res-
taurant, with 4 living rooms, opposite Camp
M-intt. Address box 30. Call offlce.
IttfO— MONEY weight-computing scale; latest
patent; bought 3 months ago for $50. A.
WATKINS, 718 Turk St.
IN well-established wholesale and retail wine
and liquor business; reliable partner. Box
46, Call office.
FOR sale or rent: fish and poultry- store; good
location; easy terms. 3059 Sixteenth st.
$125— STOCK and fixtures of grocery and bar.
Inquire 62 Converse st.
BARBERS' furniture for sale; bargain. 644
Geary st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; good location;
rent $20; living rooms. Address box 14, Call.
J2.500
Private family hotel of 64 rooms; full of
stea-iy roomers; owner going to Klondike;
will lake good trade and half cash: a big
bargain; no agents. Address box 1303. Call.
PARTNER wanted in established undertaking
business; first-class business opportunity fer
Protestant gent: experience not necessary.
Box 40, Call Office^
FOR sale— Delicacy, butter and egg stand;
Grand Western Market, Polk and Austin sts. ;
will sell cheap if sold at once; Investigate
thls^
AN unusual opportunity; well established
liquor business for sale; Investigate. Ad-
dress box 65. Call Office.
S'ER saloon; pays well; cheap rent; bar-
gain f>n account of sickness. Call 931 Folyom.
$250— PARTNER wanted In good paying busi-
ness; $15 to $25 a week; trial given; no ex-
perience necessary. 724 .* Market et., room 17.
FOR aale— Weil-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news nrency storf-; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM. CURTI.SS _
welch. Janeonn «.
FOR sale— 2 old established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1260. Box 201, Call office.
W\NTED— To buy country saloon: price not
above $400; no agents. Box 318, Call office.
SALOON— 34OO Mission St.. corner Thirtieth.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Joae^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'3. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— Klondlkers to try our condensed
?ea soup cake, "Roma"; It is delicious; keeps
or years; prevents scurvy; it is very cheap;
one plate, 1 cent; send for free sample. 315
Bhotwell st.
TYPEWRITERS.
FoiTVale^No. I caligraph; fine order; $20. 632
Market at., room 23.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
TOST good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT A BANNAN. 833 Montgomery st
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, TBXBS.DAY, JUKE 23. 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ATTENTION. Dressmakers— 7ls gutter St., 5 or
; 8 rooms; extra workroom 23x36 feet; choice,
tunny, reasonable; appreciated if seen; in-
vestigate. . ,
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth St.; 7 rooms; large
yard; low rent to responsible tenant.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth avc.bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake Bts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
HARRIET. 248, bet. Harrison and Bryant— Six
rooms and bath; bay-windows; rent $12 50.
TO LET— House of 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission 'at.
FURNISHED MOUSES TO LET.
A MOST desirable home of 14 rooms; 2 baths;
concrete basement; elegantly furnished: in a
'fine neighborhood; 1 year's lease, with ex-
tension .................$l5O
A modern house of 15 rooms; 2 baths; very
finely furnished; fine lawn front and rear; In
good location; 2 years' lease to good party. sloo
A very desirable home of 14 rooms; 2 baths;
. elegantly furnished; good location; right party
can secure it for 3 months at only. $75
A fine bargain; 8 rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; punny; good location; 6 months. s4o
- A good house; 9 rooms and . bath; , nicely
furnished; centrally located $60
A very nice flat; 4 rooms and bath; fur-
nishings very expensive; centrally located.. s3o
We want a number of good houses, neatly
furnished, centrally located, for good homes
for responsible parties now waiting.
We need a number of both houses and flats,
unfurnished, that will make good homes for
customers who are waiting.
THE REYNOLDS CO..
403-404 Examiner building.
GROVE. SIS, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat, 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable: references
given and required; call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. ■ Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. •'
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; .cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st., near
Dolores. -
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first et.: key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET. '
ALL OVER TOW>f ""' " ' **"
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant sunny upper modern flat" of 6
rooms, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1387 Vallejo st., near Larkln. ■
A— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath. nr. Market.... sl2
A— lo-room-and-bath house. Geary..... *°
A— flats, $9, at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New, choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath. $16; water free.
FELL, 611— Flat of four rooms: bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15.
FLATS 4 and 5 rooms; 533 Seventh and Bel-
mont place; rent $5 to $12. Apply to MADI-
SON &.■ BURKE, f.26 Market^st.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny r»ms and bath; hall
and gas; rent $16. 308 Tenth st.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; finished hall; gas.
HOWARD. 1553, corner Twelfth— 7 rooms and
bath; rent $25.
MARKE' 4— Branch office of Thf Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat 7 rooms, bath;
rent $30. Key at 728 McAllister St.
MCALLISTER. 1263. near Fillmore— Upper flat.
7 rooms, bath, large porch; very convenient.
MINNA, 464H— Upper flat of 6 rooms; all im- i
provements; sunny side.
i NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
I and bath; $16.
PAGE. 434. near Webster— 3 sunny rooms, bath,
furnished or unfurnished; inquire 9 to IJ.
POST, 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and
bath; $3.".
3ANSOME. 712— Handsome flat, 4 large sunny
rooms, cheap; only responsible parties.
STEINER, 207. near "Haight— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
SUNNY top flat, 4 rooms. 125 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
$15 PER month: flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to watch;
furniture all new; $2 50 per week; suitable for i
4 o;- 6 persons. Apply at shoe store. 662 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second sts.
AT 556 Geary— Large sunny bay-window room,
suites, double and single; light housekeeping.
BRYANT, 464, near Third— Nice front room,
with folding bed. and kitchen; bath; private
family; reasonable.
BUSH, 675— Large well furnished front and
separate kitchen, $20, with bath; also large
sunny suite, $15; small suite. $8.
RUSH, 123.5— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, 917—2 or 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; splendid location; moderate rent.
FELL, 452— Sunny furnished front room for 2;
kitchen, stove, sink; cheap.
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
FIFTH, 42SU— Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; cheap; also others.
FIRST, 2S — 3 front sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $12 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 811— Two front connect-
ing sunny rooms; unfurnished.
GUERRERO, 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
front room, bedroom, kitchen and porch, fur-
nlshed, $12.
HAItjHT, BSo— Large, sunny, furnished room;
no sign; housekeeping If desired.
HOWARD. 525—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; reasonable; and others.
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
IV V A- X . i • i"-;ir Hayes and Franklin-
Sunny furnished bedroom and kitchen; $10;
adults.
MISSION, sf!2— Large sunny room; complete for
hou— k— ping; folding bed; $1 50 week.
MISSION, sG2— Large sunny room: complete for
housekeeping: folding bed; $1 25 week.
MINNA, 29— Sunny front furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 50 par week; piano free.
NINTH, 51 Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; large bay window; running water;
stove.
NINTH, 20 — Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas; $11; bay-window room and
kitchen; $9.
OAK. 119—2 partly furnished rooms; sink and
bath; stove and carpets; $7.
POST, 615—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; also
other rooms; reasonable.
1835 PINE— 2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; $3 a week. *
S' i' TH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single.
SOUTH PARK,' 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
THREE rooms furnished for housekeeping, ft.
Inquire 21 Ritch_Ft.
TWELFTH, 12—2 sunny front rooms; furnished
for housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms ccm-
plete for housekeeping; also single.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3337—3 or 4 rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard — Part of
a nice sunny flat; use of piano, bath and
laundry- .
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Large front room: stove: running
water, gas ami bath, $10; others, 415.
UNION. 1014— Housekeeping rooms, unfurnished;
marine view; 2 larpe moms. $10; 3. $13: sink.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; new plumbing. 143" Broadway.
!! — _ __ — :
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719, 8294— Furnished
and unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; v*{y reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 112 Taylor; new throughout;
elegant sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph. 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites. $1 50 to ft week.
BUSH, 826— Small sunny furnished room; rent
reasonable, J
ROOMS TO LET-Continnea.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Nice clean rooms; sun all day;
quiet house; good home.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 BO to $8 week.
FOLSOM. 5>20. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
punny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Xavarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
giraki) Moose, cor. Bevmth and Hojnirfl-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Houpe, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
BRANS SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Belect family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 1107H— A bed to let in a sunny
furnished room; separate entrance.
HOWARD, 741— Sunny bay-window rooms, $2 50
week; 2 complete for housekeeping; $10 mo.
H0WARd7~93514 (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
JONES, 207 — Nicely furnished suiteß and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, 611— Nice large parlor; sunny
single room; also 2 for housekpg; pri. family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
NO more publicity or annoyance; rooms rented
expeditlously. Headquarters, 1023 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
clacs in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny double parlors for gentlemen
or married" couple; $25; private fflawt w
POWELL. 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SELECT room-renting headquarters; responsi-
ble tenants; Investigated credentials. 102*
Market st.
SEVENTH. IM>, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nlshed rooms; single, $1 60 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
ST'TTER, 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window; gas; baths; running water; mod.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny rooms. $1 25. $1 50, $2
week; closet; running water.
TAYLOR, 706 — A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK, 218 A —Sunny suite of 2 small rooms;
gas and bath.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms, $6
up; bath.
100 FURNISHED rooms for light housekeep-
ing, en suite, double or single; up and down
town and all around town at prices to suit;
no cost. Renting Headquarters. 1023 Market.
ROOMS A..D BOARD.
ALL sunny bny-wlndow rooms, everything new,
cheerful; first-class every respect; board op-
tional. The Sirlus. 1505 Stockton: Kearny cars.
Bt'SH, 822 — First-class room and board, every-
thing the very latest; running water; gas;
bath; telephone; down town; no car fare.
ELLIS, 618—2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, }4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL LAMARrß34~Bush— Newly furnished
throughout: sun all day; summer rates.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thoi>
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
PRIVATE dining-room; first-class board; down
town; home cooking; special rates for gents.
522 Bush st.
SUTTER. 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
SOUTH T'ARK, 15&— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, )4 week.
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-Pt. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 808 — Sunny newly furnished room*;
electric lights; bath; with board: moderate.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlra-The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; g-ood
home and care. 61 Clara st.
ELDERLY German lady wishes child to hoard;
reasonable. 30 Willow aye., near Eddy st.
JESSIE, ZZ9 — Good home for Infant or 1 or 1
children: own cow; mother's rare; references.
STORES TO LBT.
CLEMENTINA, 23, store and fixtures and four
rooms; cheap rent.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.,
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment, cheap; responsible parties.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market St., opp. 10th.
STORE and basement well adapted for restaur-
ant or wine house, 800 Montgomery St. ; rent
cheap. Apply to MADISON & BURKE. 626
Market st.
WANTED— Tenants for nice stores within
blork of Baldwin, SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
STABLES TO LET.
BTABLB to let. Inquire 12 Eleventh st.
STABLE, six stalls and large wagon. Apply
417 Waller St.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids. -Tlien and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; Keif -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2: cure, $5.
A TRKATMKNT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, $.i; pills $1.
MUS DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'B capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, pent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores In one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT th^t restores instantiy~all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelurs helped instantly;
home In confinement: consult -free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chichesters English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; Eafe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. -T-chwarU, 852 Castro cor.
7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners; home in
confinement; guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with e\ery
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price,
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to todies with
femile troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50';
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
VR. HALL. 9 McAllister »t. ; diseases o(
women and children.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156> Second st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. poctags
free.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW!
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L, S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room «4. i
PERSONALS.
B. B.— Waiting long time; must go soon.
__ BROWN.
MAY— We go to chutes when you say the
word. W. S. M.
CHRISTOPHEIt McLENNON came to Cali-
fornia in ISSO from Baltimore, Maryland. He
was then about 50 years old; all persons hav-
ing any Information whatever respecting him
or his relatives are urgently requested, for
the benefit of his heirs, to address the un-
dersigned, who will pay for nuccessful infor-
mation. MILLER & "BONSAL. Attorneys,
Kijultnhle building, Baltimore, Md.
i ERSONALS.
AT LINCOLN BROS.
Cash groners, 226 Sixth St.; 2 lbs coffee, 2'c;
4 lbs codfish, 2,">e: 2 lbs new cheese, 25c; 1 lb
fine tea, 20c; 3 cans choice apricots, 25c; pic-
nic hams, 7c lb; 17 lbs best granulated sugar,
$1; flour, $1 25 a sack. LINCOLN BROS.
DO not use a stiff, hard-pointed brush on your
hair; let me dress it for 25c; good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $G per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
USE Qulnonia Hair Tonic; it will prevent
dandruff. Q. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market ft,, bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the •' separate, recovers' lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to op. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26,. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c. gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
_23H Sixth st. -
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past, j
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10. ;
CLARA NORDLINGER, card-reader and palm-
Ist. 101 Eddy St., room 12.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladles. 25c; gents. 60c. 951 Mission st.
MME. KETCHUM, clairvoyant and card
• reader.. 105 Stockton St., room 5.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 250 up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny Bt., room 2. •
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post Bt.
spiritualism]
ELSIE . REYNOLDS, farewell materializing
seance Thursday eve. 322 O'Farrell st. ; 50c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. US Halght st. '
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat. S; 25c.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium. 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty: circles Friday, 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st. _
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. ■ ■ ■
- '  ' PALM ISTR V.'
MRS. CHANDLER — Free lecture Sunday, 3
p. m.. 305 Larkln; readings. 353 Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we i are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
payments and some good pianos for $3, 14 and
£5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, - and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
LADY going East, must have cash, and her
elegant $500 upright is" offered at great sacri-
fice. See It to-day and make offer. Room 12,
Flood building.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 6 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. . BENJ.. CURXA£ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st:, Chiekering agents.
MAGNIFIi'KXT now J4OO upright must be sac-
rificed at once for cash; no reasonable offer
refused. 833 Castro st.
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agta.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 812 Post st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
BEST gooda; lowest* prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS", TC9 Market »t.
GREAT bargain;!; Decker. Schubert. Steinway,
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; \iprlghts, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st.. next Hibernla Bank. 6CHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrel) st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI.'LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BANK book for Faie: California Savings and
Loan Society; state how much on dollar. F.,
box 65, Call office.
BLACK cocker spaniel dog cheap; 1 year old.
Apply at 620 Larkin st.
LARGE refrigerator for sale. 427 Larkin st.
$70 WHITE sewing machine for $25. 538 Fulton.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR sale — Cosumnes copper mine. El Dorado
County; title U. S. patent. For particulars
address JOHN THEISEN, 800 McAllister st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 731
Market Rt.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $3 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 757.
BOILERB, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
physicians"
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.,
1201 Market; diseases of women a specialty, j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
i ._ _ i i
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, -< -
ROOM A, First Floor, -
i , Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission street electric cars;. only $5 monthly.
■ SOL GETZ & BROTHr;«.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
.$4OO, $450 to $850; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly. ■
SOL GETZ A BROTHER
$400, $430 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams. •»
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker bulldlae.
4 NEW up-to-date houses of C and 8 rooms and
bath; fine basement; grand marine view;
small cash payment, balance $30 monthly; on
Leavenworth St., near Lombard.
LOT for Bale cheap. Address B. C. RYAN, 8
• Lafayette st.
! FOR sale— very nice 6-room and bath cot-
tages; new; $350 down, balance $17 50 per mo.;
price $1500. .
We also want first-class clear city property
for exchange and cash consideration.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY,
iO3 Examiner Building.
FOR — Cheap: part cash, or will ex-
; change for improved Mission property; a
beautiful 9- room residence in Berkeley; nice
stable; windmill, tank house; cement walks;
lovely laid out grounds; must be seen to be
. appreciated. Box 21, Call office.
i FOR SALE— Furnished house with lot, en easy
terms;, well located; house in fine "condition;
beautiful garden; rare opportunity for any
I one wanting home having ■ little ready cash.
f Box 62 Call office. - • . •
; LOTTA St., near the Affiliated Colleges, and
Stanyan st. ; 75 feet from Parnassus aye.
electric line; a cheap lot; will build any
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W.
REDNALL, builder, 1326 Hayes st.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE. .
a" ~~~ h2l"a^ ~ a
Beautiful country home; sacrificed; about 3
acres of land highly improved; large, fine lawn;
I lovely fountain, handsome shrubbery, climbing
j roses, stately oaks with trunks covered with
■ ivy; graveled walks and driveway; hedge of
fine poplars 70 feet high; mountain trout stream
! In rear of lot; full bearing fruit trees galore,
• cherry, apricot, peach, pear, prune, plum, nec-
tarine, quince, apple; house of 12 rooms, bath;
stationary washstands; cement basement used
1 for ; wine cellar; handsomest curly redwood
finish; large barn for 4 or 6 horses; large car-
riage room and hay loft; only half mile from
; court house in Santa Rosa; cost over $20,000:
• $16,000 refused four years ago; offered this week
for $6000. --"•.:
I For Sale— acres good land In Contra Costa j
i County; $600.
i 160 acres in Alameda County, $960. You won't
| get such snaps soon again.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403 Examiner building.
_______________ ___. —
220 ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass i
I Valley in mining district. McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st., S. F.
160 acres, near Cottonwood, Tehama County,
18 acres in vineyard, 8 acres in orchard; bal-
ance hay and pasture land; well Improved;
price $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
Finely Improved vineyard property, near '
Callstoga; 100 acres for $11,700; would consider
exchange for one-half; balance cash. McAFEE
i 8R05., . 108 Montgomery st.
I FOR Sale— acres, well Improved, with new j
I buildings, large orchard: 1 mile from station;
I miles to Stanford University. For par- j
ticulars apply P. O. box 139, Redwood City, i
No agent.
A—4oo-ACREA — 400- ACRE stock and fruit ranch with horses
and cows; all tools; vicinity Vacavllle: only
$4000: 50-page catalogue free. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. j
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
, I FOR Sale — Oakland; just completed, modern ;
in design and arrangement, 2-story 7-room |
house; 3 minutes from local station; lot 40x
i 125; surroundings the best; a bargain; terms
' to suit purchaser. HERON _ HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway, . Oakland. V • ■ .
i LOTS — $75 upward; $5 cash, . $5 monthly.
— New cottage of 4 rooms , and lot ; youi
1 own terms. ' ■ ■ - -
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $3
monthly; build your own home, or we will
j build it for you; payment as rent; all streets
i graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view th*>
■ very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland,
i building >up rapidly; call or send for circular.
! 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
j riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner. ;
j $4000— SUBURBAN; 2 acres bearing orchard;
\ new, modern 7-room cottage; bath; cttt ■
water; location convenient to electric cars;
everything goes; horse, buggy, hay, imple-
ments: model chicken ranch: easy terms. ; ;
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-462
. Eighth . St., Oakland. . ' . - :
FOR SALE— House 5 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation. Owner, 962 Third St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary j
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway. '■
—^— —^ — «— —^^— i^—^— i
OAKLAND Miiisr.s TO LET.
FOR Rent— a strictly up-to-date residence, ■
14 rooms, billiard room, etc.; fine neighbor-
hood; excellent view. of city, bay and ocean; j
convenient to cars and trains; rooms hand- !
somely -carpeted and ready for furniture; will •
rent or lease: responsible parties only need I
apply. R. J. MONTGOMERY. 1112 Broadway. j
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 559 24th St.; nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 16?2 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE T "-T!X r.<"> ElrMh «t. ,
OAKLAND FORSITDRB FOR BALK.
FURNITURE p-1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old utorp. ■ 40S F^ypnth at. ■
■ ; ■ OAKLAND DRESSMAKING
FASHIONABLE ladies' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston, Woolen Mills. 920. Broadway, Oakland.
; ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real ESTATE).
SPECIAL NOTICE! ——— -
FIRST COME. first served.
' just like paying rent.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are ■ lovely cottages which have
been ■ thrown ■ on . the : market < for non-payment
of Installments, and • they : are - now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4,-6, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. " . v .
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. , MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station,' Alameda.' and 636 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
9-ROOM house and stable: 14 block Willow Sta-
tlon: »asy terms.- Apply Call office. -
■;' . '■' ALAUEDA HOUSES. / ~~"
6-ROOM cottage completely furnished; cheap
to a good tenant; 1206 Ninth St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY. REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— Restaurant and boarding house of
; 11 rooms in Berkeley; close to university; a
"fine -place for business; rent only $30 per
month. O. G. MAY & CO., Real E3tate, 2123
. Center St., Berkeley. ;^ ..-' ......
S-ROOM house, I' block from statioftj lot
60x137; constantly rented - $22;. great bargain.
■ KREESE &;■ CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford I
place, opposite Berkeley Station. . .
proposals"
BIDS Wanted— Notice is -• hereby given - that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
• of Directors of the Veterans' • Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
■ Ban Francisco, . Cal., up ,to 10 o'clock a. m
Saturday, June • 25/ ., 1838, . and opened imme-
. diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
. . for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies * for the ; Veterans'
Home, Napa County, . Cal. (railroad station
J Yountvllle), for : the • six months ; commencing
July lp. IS9B, and ending December 31, . 1898.
Schedules with : Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the : undersigned. Bidders will
' carefully ;; follow. -; the conditions ;-of : th«
schedules, ■ and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is in accordance ! with ■ such • schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his ; bid with a
' certified check upon some well known and re-
■ sponsible : banking . house i for •at least 10 ■ per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. - Currier. ; treasurer, : conditioned that . the
bidder will enter Into a good; and valid con-
tract upon notice . of " acceptance -as required
"by - law. ■ The * board ? reserves the : ; right ■■ to
- reject any or. all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
-V Address ■J." J. SCOVILLE. ', St ' .etary . Veter-
a ns ' Home ■ Association, room \ 13, 320 i Sansome
Bt., Ban i Francisco, • Cal. By order of the
I» ; Board of Directors. rv^»«"w™*?3ap^asw«B|lss®«
, - J. J. SCOVUXE. j 6ecp«Urr,
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR Sale or Exchange — Lovely new 6-room cot-
tage; stable; corner lot, 50x130; completely
furnished new; h.trse. buggy, etc.; value
$4000; will trade entire place or sacrifice for
part cash, as owner is going to Dawson. Ad-
dress MRS. T., 1721 St. Charles St.. Alameda.
TO exchanse— Cor. procery and saloon with Ht-
lng rooms: I own ' --''rifng: for ranch In So-
noma County. See owner at 651 Mission st.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; srood road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
easy terms. Address j. JENSEN, 153 Third.
HONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays: J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission ; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal : lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister St.
MONEY to loan on first mortgages city real
estate. Address box 125. this office.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. SOS California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rate*; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Drrden, 412 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any pum; Ist and 2d mort-
p.-vgps, estates, etc. MI'KPHY, 62S Market st.
MOSEY WASTED.
WANTED— $500 on second mortgage; first-class
r^al estate security. Hox 58, Call office,
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 3!" Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wajrons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
wagons and carriages.
executrix" sale"
Two wagons (large express), 1 buggy, S car-
riages and 10 horses and harness, belonging to
the estate of GUISEPPE FABBRI. must b»
sold at once. Apply 402 Montgomery St., A.
RL'EP, attorney for administratrix.
20, TEN and four-passenger wagonettes,
leather top hack, physician's coui>e and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
SONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
FIXE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
frpe.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Edward J. Johnson and Clara M. L0gan.... 24-25
Domenico Gotelli and Carlotta Batto 36-25
John Arata and Lottie McDonald 23-19
Alfred E. Walton and Blanche Fournier 28-32
Harry Plomgren and Maria Peterson 26-29
BIRTHS— MARRIAfiES—DEATfiS.
Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
HORN.
BAKER— In this city, June 9. 1898, to the wife
of John H. Baker, a daughter.
LIEBE— In this city, June 18, 1898, to the wife
of Charles W. Llebe. a son.
McNICHOLAS— In this city, June 21, 1898, to
the wife of John McNlcholas, a son.
M.». ilit 11 I
i SELENGER— Bt'XXER-Ji
Rev. Father McQuaid. L.
ger and Fraser E. Bunner,
Cisco.
DIED.
Baker (Infant) Leed
Casey. Catherine Levy
Devoto, Lillian A. McCl-
Hanson, Isaac N. McQu
Helmke, Dlederich Meyn,
Hotaling. Harry H. Shea,
Johanson, Gustaf K. Taylor
Krause, Charles
BAKER— In this city. June 2.
daughter of John H. and Mary
CASEY — In Alameda. June 22.
home of Michael Stokes. 2319 Kas>.f= a <-i .
Catherine Casey, a native of Ireland, aged
80 years.
CJ7Friends and acquaintances are res/V -t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servievs
this day (Thursdayx, at !<:3O o'clock, at the
residence of Michael Stokes. 2i19 Eagle ave-
nue. Alameda, thence to St. Ju^ph's Church.
Alameda. where mass will be said for her
souL Take 1 O'clock creek boat for Calvary
( Vmetery.
r>EV< >TO— ln this city, June 22, 1898, Lillian
A., beloved daughter of Ant<>ne and Cather-
ine Deyoto, and sister of John P., Jam. 5 A.,
Louise and Albert Devoto, Mrs. D. r-vin-
cenzl and Mrs. A. Tassl. a native oi San
Francisco, aged 20 years 6 months and 2 'ays.
HANSON —In Highlands. San Berns.'dlno
County, June 21. MM, Isaac Newton Ha*son,
beloved father of Mrs. A. Pike and Mr* M.
I^etcher of Oregon, Mrs. J. C. Ellsworth of
Highlands. Mrs. M. Cibney of Casper, pat-
End William Hanson and grandfather of Mrs.
Lorena Retallack of Bast Oakland, a.; na-
tive of Ohio, aged B0 years 7 months and
HELMKE— Tn Bederkeso. Germany, Mar 30,
lv ,*. Dlederich Helmkt-. beloved brother of
Mrs. D. Kreyor. Mrs. ML Droger, MrS. J.
] lasshasen of San Francisco and Mrtf. C.
M;in*eis of San Martin, Cal., aged 64 y^ars.
HOTALINO— In this city, June 22, 1898. Karry
II beloved son of C. K. and M. A. Hotaling.
and brother of C. H. Hotttllng. Mrs. Dr. M.
O Austin and Mrs. C. B. Morrison, a na-
tive of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 28 years S
months and 3 days.
JOHANSON— In this city. Jure 21. 1898, Ous-
taf E. Johanson. a native of Sweden, aged
&0 years 1 month and 28 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
June 26. at 1 o'clock, from the I. O. O. F.
Hall Market and Seventh streets, under the
auspices of Ophir Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F.
KR\l*SE— In this city. June 22. 1898. Charles,
beloved husband of Ernestine Krause, and
father of Johanna Krause. Mrs. Ernestine
Krellng Mrs. Adam Grimm and Charles H.
Krause. a native of Germany, aged i 2 years
S months and 9 days.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 624 Green street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
LEEDS— In this city. June 21. IS9B. Stephen
P beloved husband of Maria M. Leeds, and
father of Maria E. Lepds. a native of New
York, aged 84 years and 6 months.
LEVY— In this city, June 22, 1898, Samuel, be-
loved husband of Mary Levy, father of Alice,
Tlllle and Edgar Levy, beloved son of Joseph
and the late Sophia Levy and brother of
Alex Charles, William and Ellas Levy and
J Oppenheim, Mrs. J. Lievre, Mrs. B. M.
Giinzburger, Mr??. A. Strauss and Mrs. A.
Liechtenstein, a native of California, aged
42 years 5 months and 6 days.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
McCLOSKEY— In the City and County Hospi-
tal June 22, IS9B, Alexander McCloskey, a na-
tive Of California, aged 26 years.
Mcgi'lDY— ln the City and County Hospital,
June 21, IS9B, Helen McQuidy, a native of
New York, aged 21 years.
MEYN— In this city, June 21 1898, Theresla
Meyn, beloved mother of Mrs. Lizzie Munch
and Anthony Meyn, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years S months and 6 days. (New
Orleans papers please copy.)
(r^Frlenas and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20S Twelfth street, thence at 1 o'clock
from St. Boniface Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
SHEA— In Ocean View, June 22. 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Henry Shea, mother of
Mary Shea, and eister of Mrs. Mary Dunn,
Mrs. Ann Lyons and Thomas and the late
Ellen and Bridget Stanton. a native of Cal-
tra. County Galway. Ireland, aged 60 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
(CTTne funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2623 San Jose avenue, thence to St.
Michael's Church. Ocean View, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In Fitchburg, Alameda County. Junt
22, 1898. Joseph G.. husband of Sophia Tay-
lor, a native of England, aged 76 years I
months and 4 days.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNKKAL DIRECTOKS & EMBAL.MBB3 I
M IIfTH ST., Opp. LißMls 8oa»»i.
Telephone, South 80. |
1112
LUMBER CONTRACTS
THAT SAVORED OF
BOLD JOBBERY
E. L.Colnon, President of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners,Soug*ht
to Authorize a Profitable
Combination.
Contractors along the water front
who have grown fat through the favor
itism of Harbor Commissioner Colnon
were much 'alarmed yesterday because
of what they believed to be a desire on
the part of Commissioners Harney and
Herold to put an end to the combina
tion that has been robbing the State
through the medium of contracts let by
the Harbor Commission.
The alarm was caused by the failure
of their patron to authorize the letting
of a contract for lumber at the meet
ing of the board on Tuesday. Had the
contract been let, as was the desire of
Commissioner Colnon, the State would
have been at the mercy of the contrac
tor for the next six months and would
have suffered a direct loss of many
thousands of dollars.
Ab it was, the scheme was nipped in
the bud by Commissioners Harney and
Herold, and now the contractors who
have grown wealthy at the expense < f
the State are speculating as to t!;e
manner in which their friend. Commis
sioner Colnon, was shorn of the power
that he had hitherto exercised to the
prolit of those who were on the inside
of the water front combination.
At the meeting of the Board of Stale
Harbor Commissioners Tuesday bids
were opened for the supply of lumber
to be used on the water front for the
first six months of the next fiscal year.
Had the counsels of Colnon prevailed
the contract would have been let to the
S. E. Slade Lumber Company at a price
of $3 50 a thousand feet in excess of
what the lumber can be bought for in
the open market. So palpable was the
contemplated steal that Colnon'a asso
ciates on the board became aware of
what was going on, and In spite of Col
protests and assurances, they in
sisted on rejecting all of the bids. This
was done, and now there is mourning
on the water front.
A brief recitation of the history , f
this particular contract is necessary to
a full and complete understanding of
the manner in which water front con
tracts are manipulated to the great
profit of those interested in robbing the
Malt.
Through the manipulations of the
lumber combine and interested officials,
former water front lumber contracts
have been let for $14 50 per 1000 feet,
this figure being paid for rough Oregon
pine. As the time approached for the
lotting of the contract for the first six
n.onths of the coming fiscal year the
E. K. Wood Lumber Company broke
away from the combine and put in a
bid to the Harbor Commission offering
to furnish the .umber for $11 50 a thou
sand feet. As s::ch a procedure put
an end to the illegitimate profits of the
water front rins Bteps were taken to
force the rebellious firm back into line.
This was done by means of an aer'?
ment signed by all of the firms in the
combine, by which they bound them
selves not to sell any lumber to the E.
K. Wood Company for less than $14 DO
per one thousand feet. As the E. K.
. "ood Company does not handle !um
bt~ in sufficient quantitits to supply
the demands of the water front con
traci, without drawing upon the yards
of otter dealers, this agreement had
the desired effect, and the E. K. Wood
Company was forced to withdraw its
bid or suffer a very heavy loss.
This having been accomplished, the S.
E. S'.ade Lumber Company, the firm in
which P. F. Dundon is interested, and
which has often profited by the favor of
Commissioner Colnon, as has been
proven in a case recently tried in the
Superior Court, put in a bid, offering to
furnish the lumber at the following
prices: Rough Oregon pine (per thou
sand feet), 3-14. Selected Oregon pine,
$19. Flooring. $24. The Pacific Pine
Lumber Company also put in a bid, the
figures named being 50 cents per thou
sand more than the figures named by
the Slade Company. Both these firms
are in the combine. These were the
only bids presented and it was these
bids that were opened at the meeting
of the Harbor Commission on Tuesday.
Commissioner Colnon asked that the
bid of the S. E. Slade company be ac
cepted, but Commissioners Herold and
Harney demurred and in spite of all
that Colnon could do they stuck to
their belief that an attempt was be
ing made to perpetrate a job, and re
fused to change their votes. Both bids
•were accordingly rejected.
To show the huge proportions of the
proposed stf-al it is only necssary to
quote the prices paid for lumber used
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHED SKIN 20 TIMES
Little Boy's Terrible Eczema.
Mass Running Sores From
Head to Foot.
Not an Inch of Body Unaffected.
Skin Came off With
The Bandages.
Screams Were Heart-Breaking.
Four Doctors and Medical
Institute No Avail.
Improvement After the Second
Application of Cuticura. Now
Completely Cured.
My little son, a boy of five, broke out with an
Itching rash. Three doctors pre«cribed for him,
but he kept getting worse, until we could not
dress him any more. They finally advised me
to try a certain medical college, but its treatment
did not do any good. At the time I was Induced
to try Cuticura Remedies, he was bo bad that
I had to cat his hair all off, and put the Cuti-
cura (ointment) on him on bandages, as it was
impossible to touch him with the bare hand.
There was not one square inch of skin on his
whole body that teas not affected. lie was one
. mass of sores, and the stench from him was
frightful. The bandages used to stick to his
. skin, and in removing them it used to take the
skin off with them, and the screams from the
poor child were heart-breaking. I began : to
think that he would never get well.but/r/kr the '
second application of Ccticuua (ointment) /
began to see signs of improvement, and with the
third and fourth applications the sores com-
menced to dry up. Hie Ekin peeled off twenty
times, but It finally yielded to the treatment. I
used the Cuticura Resolvent for his blood,
and now I can say that he i« entirely cured, and
a stronger and healthier boy you never saw than
be is to-day.
You . can use thii testimonial In whatever way
you please, and if any proof outside of my word
is needed I will refer to any of our neighbors.
ROBERT WATTAM,
Dec. 13, 1897. 4728 Cook St., Chicago, 111.
Hntrr Cirk Tekatissnt fob ToRTCRtno axd I>is-
norsiKO Humors. -W»rm w,th bra Soap.
e-ntl« anointing with Ci'TirriiA [ointment], jmtnt of
?m" ;i>nt °ki« ourft..."! mild <lo«* of Otic™* Re-
so: VIST, (jrentent of blood purifien aid «iimor care*. ;
Co^'^r^^wJS^^-^^
by the penitentiary at San Quentin.
The State Prison purchases its lumber
by contract the same as t'.:e Harbor
Commission and the grade used is the
same. Following are the prices paid:
Rough Oregon pine (per 1000 feet), $12;
selected Oregon pine, $16 ;>0; flooring,
$25. It costs $1 50 pi.T 1000 feet to de
liver the lumber at tho prison, but this
cost falls on the contractor, the Simp
son Lumber Company, a firm that is also
a member of the combine. The prices
quoted are for the lumber delivered at
the prison. The cost of delivery should
be deducted from the price? named
when comparing them with the prices
which Commissioner Colnon wished to
pay the S. E. Slade Lumber Company.
The following table will afford the
reader a chance to make the compari
son at a glance:
Rough. SelPCted. Flooring.
Harbor Commission. sH nn $i<t on $24 no
Pan Quentin 10 50 I', 00 23 SO
Difference $3 DO $4 00 $0 60
As to the article of flooring, there is
very little if any of this grade of lum
ber used at the penitent iary and be
cause of this the Board of Prison Di
rectors was not particular as to the
price paid.
To those who are familiar with the
amount of lumber used on the water
front in six months in the building of
piers, wharves, warehouses and other
buildings, the value of the contract
that Commissioner Colnon sought to
have awarded to the S. E. Slade com
pany will be apparent. The illegitimate
profits from such a contract would be
many thousands of dollars.
CYNTHIA WARRENS GUARDIAN
Petition for the Removal of Susan 3.
Pettit Denied.
A petition to remove Susan B. Pettit as
guardian of the person and estate of
Cynthia L. Warren was heard and <lpnk-.1
by Judge Troutt yesterday. Affidavits
wore introduced by the petitioner in sup
port of the allegation that Mr-?. Pettit
h.-n 1 abuse*: her trust and should lie ro
moved. In the affidavit of Mrs. Eliza
beth J. Krowst^r, as sister of the ward,
Mrs. Pettit was accused of havfng in
fluenced Cynthia L, Warren to ooe<l ovor
property to her. Miss Lizzie Brewster, a
irecp of Mrs. Warren, went farther &nd
r:st hod il, at Mrs. Pettit not only mg
lpcr-.t hor aunt, but placed h->r In nn
heilthy apartments, and f her o by endan
gered ht>r life. During tho hearing of the
case, however, it <?i j v>-loped that no cause
for the removal existed, and in conse
quence the petition was denied.
On to Manila!
On to Manila! Pictorial history of the
Volunteer Camp and expedition. No read
ing. Magnificent souvenir to preserve or
send it to friends. Sold everywhere. 23c*
DEATH OF CHARLES KRAUSE.
The Father of Mrs. Kreling of the
Tivoli Passes Away.
Charles H. Krause. well known among
the German societies of this city, riMru"
last nlsht at his home on Green street
Mr, Krause is the father of Mrs. Krel
ing, proprietor of the Tivoli; Charles H,
Krause Jr.. who has for many years been
in the box office of that theater; Mrs.
Adam Grimm and Miss Josephine Kraus>\
Mr. Krause was ~1 years of ape, but he
carried his years very well. His arrival
in this city goes back to the early days
CHEAP PANTS THREATENED TO GO UP.
Chinese Tailors Form a Trust, but It Is Broken nu the Operators
Going on a Strike.
THE plain unornamented citizen who
1b struggling through this hard
world In one, two or three dollar
pants, and who has Lately noticed a
large number of Chinese dressed In
holiday attire, including red button skull
caps, knew not the portent of this gaudy
parade of Mongolians of leisure. He read
the war reports on the bulletin boards
telling of the great victories won by the
deadly pen of Blanco, but did not realize
that he was attacked in his own citadel
threatened with a shortage in pants in
this great mart— that might compel him
to emigrate to a clime where such apparel
is not required.
These well-dressed gentlemen of the
almond eye were the erstwhile producers
of cheap pants, and they were on a
"plain, ordinary" strike. They had read
translations of the philippics of fhe late
candidate "William Jennings Bryan, on
trusts." and they would have none of
them, except of their own making.
The trouble all grew out of the fact
that contractors with the Government
were barred from employing Chinese la
bor in the making of clothing for the
soldiers.
The Chinese bosses concluded the time
THE SiVJN r-KAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JVXE 23, 1898.
of the community. From small begin
nings as a wagon manufacturer Mr.
Krause branched out into other busi
nesses and was always successful. For
the last fifteen years he has not been con
nected with any commercial enterprise,
attending to his large property Interests.
It is generally believed that the deceased
has left a large estate.
Mr. Krauze was a very popular man
and numbers a host of friends, all of
whom will be grieve to hear of his
death, which was caused by a complica
tion of kidney and bladder disorders.
ARE NOT "AGENTS"
OF THE GOVERNMENT
Yellow Journals Given the Privilege
Only of Distributing Blank Ap
plications for Bonds.
Call Office, Rtggs House,
Washington, June 22.
Secretary Gage paid to The Call corre
spondent to-day that $20,000,000 had thus
far been subscribed to the popular bond
issue in amounts under $500. The Secre
tary's attention was called to the recent
boast of a San Francisco yellow journal
that it had been selected by the Secretary
of the Treasury to solicit subscriptions;
that it had, in short, been made the Gov
ernment's agent in its hour of need.
Secretary Gage laughed when he read
the yellow paper's self-laudatory article
and said in explanation:
"Various banks, express offices and
country postofflces throughout the coun
try have asked that they be permitted to
receive bond subscriptions. Several news
papers have also tendered their services.
These offers have been accepted. These
various 'agencies' who volunteered their
services do not handle any money.
"All in the world they ..o is tv furnish
blanks for intending subscribers to fill
out and then forward them to the Treas
ury Department. We are very glad for
the express companies, banks, country
postmasters and newspapers to fill out
and forward these blanks, but for any
newspaper to claim that it is 'the Gov
ernment's agent' is noi warranted, for
this would seem to Imply, by inference,
at least, that t he department bad exercised
discrimination. This is not the case."
The Secretary, in order to illustrate the
department's intention, stated that any
body who knew enough to properly fill out
one of the blank bond applications might
ao bo and forward it to the Treasury De
partment, either in his own behalf or for
another party who wished to subscribe.
The Secretary generously offered a bunch
of blanks to The Call correspondent, but
this offer to make him an "asrent of the
Government" was just as politely de
clined.
Indies' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Putter, r. 6 & 7.
Seventeenth Street Eoo Club.
Seventeenth Ptrpet has a "800 Club,"
which is composed of a lot of young
toughs whose evening pastime is to con
gregate on the doorsteps of the residences
of that portion of the Mission lying- west
of Valencia street, south of Twentieth
and east of Sanchez.
The members! of this club take particu
lar pride in breaking in the windows of
Cnlnese laundries and pelting old men
with rocks, not forgetting to pass uncom
plimentary remarks to Indies as they pass
by their roosts on the doorsteps. Fruit
stores and other places whore goods are
exposed for sale on the outside of the
store doors are never forgotten by the
members of this club, who make it a
practice to sample the goods without the
formality of paying for them.
The Mission police have time and again
arrested some members of the club for
various offenses, but as a rule they beat
the cane when it comes into court by the
influence of the "push." or still hotter,
one member wil! swoar for his compan
ions with such good effect as to make the
police officer blush with shame for ar
resting an "innocent boy." The several
robberies and burglaries committed in
the Mission are charged to the members
of this club, who range all the way from
12 1 - ■ years of age.
During the past month the Mission po
lice have arrested thirty-six of the club
membt-rs. This has had a good effect in
breaking up the membership of tho "Roo
Club," but yet there are some left
who are a gr<-at annoyance to the resi
dents of tho Mission.
Flagpole Wanted.
The Street Committee of the Supervis
i ors this forenoon will hear a protest
j against the erection of a magnificent flag-
P>l<' on the site of tho old unsightly
! Cogswell fountain at tho intersection of
California and Drumm streets.
Nothing but the wreck of the fountain
remains, and the merchants aro anxious
to oroct over the place a fine flagpole and
unfurl the flag to the breeze.
was ripe to combine and compel the
piece workers to come to their terms.
The situation developed into a case of
dog-oat-iing. as the operators, following
the example of their Caucasian brethren,
organized to fight the trust of bosses and
walked out of the sweat shops, devoting
their time to surveying pavements and
consuming gin. It was a condition of
trust and no pants or no trust and plenty
of pants and the employers, after suffer
ing much sanguinary perspiration, con-
Cluded they had come in contact with an
underrated formation and' retreated from
their position. As a consequence the Im-
pending dearth of Inexpensive trousers
has been avoided and they will continue
to be In the market at the same old com
fortable figures. This historical event
will be celebrated by the return of the
pants makers to their labors to-day, *h*
same being the Celestial holiday known
as "The Fifth Day of the Fifth Moon "
According to the statement of the
leaders of the walkout the old-time war
horse of the sandlot shares the honors
with "Colonel" Bryan in saving the
humble citizen from the imminent and j
direful dearth of pants. i
From the Chinese Consulate to the bar
bershop with no headrests they all knew
of the crisis, but, like the old Tweed ring,
each referred to the other fellow for par- j
ticulars. The Vice-Consul recognized
the fact that there was trouble among
the pants makers, but his mind was fully
occupied with the "fifth moon" and the
fifth day thereof. The Six Company
magnate inferentially suggested that that
proposition could be made "for two" and
that a live policeman was around the
corner.
The policeman wore contract pants of a
costly quality and cared not a yen
whether his friends In the lower walks or
life wore pants or not. After getting the
left thumb all through Chinatown the
cold facts of the evil movement were
located, but it was only through the
fraternity of journalism that the victory
was achieved. Mr. Boon, the publisher
of a lithographed periodical on the cor
MRS. BRUNINGS
WAS GENEROUS
An Insane Woman Gives
Away Her Money.
DISPUTE OVER A FORTUNE
THOUSANDS DEPOSITED FOR A
STEPDAUGHTER.
Now the Guardian Seeks to Set Aside
the Gift by Reason of the
Mother's Incompe
tency.
A contest over the property of Mrs.
I Mary J. Brunings, now an inmate of
| the Stockton Asylum for the Insane,
j occupied the attention of Judge Carroll
Cook yesterday morning. The question
in the case to be decided is whether
Mrs. T>runings was insane when she
j deposited on March 1, 1896, $10,700 with
the San Francisco Savings Union in
the name of Mrs. Hulda R. Townsend,
her stepdaughter.
Mrs. Brunings became widely known
through many eccentricities she bogan
to exhibit shortly after she became
wealthy through the death of her hus
band, which occurred several years
ago. When Brunings died he left his
widow a large estate, consisting of
property in this city and Germany. She
rented apartments at 831 Howard
street, and in a s\ort time, whether due
to grief over her husband's death or
bewildered by her riches, she began to
act strangely. Her neighbors carefully
avoided her, as her hallucinations were
becoming more weird as the months
passed. Finally her deranged mind
fancied that a grand conspiracy to rob
her had been concocted by the entire
community. She finally moved and
took up her residence at the Occidental
Hotel.
Not many months passed before her
eccentricities caused her arrest and
commitment to the Stockton asylum,
where she is now confined. During her
stay at the Occidental she received $10,
700 from her husband's estate and im
mediately placed it in bank to the
credit of her stepdaughter. Since the
commitment of Mrs. Brunings to the
'asylum Mrs. Townsend has come for
ward as a claimant to the property and
is opposed by E. Myron Wolf, Mrs.
Brunings' guardian, who avers that
his ward was insane when she made
the deposit.
When the case was heard yesterday
Mrs. Hall was called upon to testify.
She stated that she had known Mrs.
Brunings since 1883 a:;d that unques
tionably she had delusions. Once she
decided that the devil was in her hair
and in order to rid herself of the evil
had her tresses cut off. She sent photos
of her discarded hair to friends in the
E;ist and explained her reasons for hav
ing had it cut.
Annie Lynch corroborated the testi
mony of Mrs. Hall, and added that
Mrs. Brunings imagined that mur
derers were plotting against hor. ?he
also had a delusion respecting the mur
der of a child, while in fact the child
was only a creation of her fancy.
Myron Pixley. brother of Mrs. Brun
ings, stated that he had not seen hla
sister for years, but she was not right
in her mind when he saw her last.
R'rs. Townsend next took the stan-3
and told her story. She said that her
mother spoke to her about having re
ceived the money in question and sad
sho wished to make her a present of it.
The witness accompanied her mother
tJ the Savings Union and there de
posited the money. Mrs. Townseni
nor of "Waverley place and some other
plnce, relieved the strain on the pants
question as follows:
"Yeh," said he; "all Chinamen what
make cheap piece pants go on strike. One
day they hear about China bosses make
trust all same Mellican man and pay not
so much for pants. All same, we heap
safie Mister Blyan, and one man he say,
•Wassa malla Dennis Kearney, big man,
all same Clevelan?' He plenty Babe makee
stlike.'
"Tlee men go see Kleaney. He say,
"Darn the Chinee'; he get led in the face
and spit all same soap water; lie heap
talk all same fight. Then we go to boss
Chlnamans and say, 'Wo have plenty
tlust, too. and no makee pants some more.
We fight alle same Dennis Kleaney— we
no workee.' Alle same boss he get heap
fliten and say 'Alle lite, you make pama
alle same old Dliee.'
"S"pose you hear heap fi rlacka to
nights, fi hunded Chinaman make celcbla
tion all same Mr. Kleaney."
By these foregoing presents the man
with the poorly nourished purse and badly
conditioned pants can dumber peacefully
to-night In the knowledge that his "ftftv"
cent dollar" is still exchangeable for this
particular garment as there will be no
Immediate dearth o£ pants to suit him
self or his income.
stated that Mrs. Brunfnga was sa»:e
and competent at the time she made
the deposit, and in consequence the
gift was valid. Judge Cook will de
cide the case in a few days.
In the Divorce Courts.
Marie J. Warren was granted a divorce
from Howard "Warren by Judge Troutt
yesterday, on the ground of willful neg
lect. Adelaide Clay was granted a di
vorce from Henry Clay on the ground
of desertion and failure to provide. Kate
Kane was granted her application for di
vorce from James B. Kane. The decree
was failure to provide. Letitia B. Rip
perdan was granted a divorce from
Thomas A. Ripperdan on the ground of
willful desertion.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Proposed Legislation for the Proper
Inspection of Sailing Vessels
Carrying Passengers.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Senator Per
kins and other members of the California
delegation received a long telegram to
day from Mayor Phelan and the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco urging the
passage of a bill in accordance with a
resolution passed by the Supervisors on
June 20 favoring "legislation that will
have the effect of imposing suitable con
ditions and proper inspection of all sail
ing vessels which may propose to furnish
accommodations for or solicit passenger
traffic."
Senator Perkins exports that a bill pro
viding for a rigid inspection of sailing ves
sels will be reported favorably from the
commerce committee and passed by the
Senate. Representative Loud, however,
has a different plan. He says that the
bill already passed by the Senate pro
viding for the inspection of all sailing ves
sels of over 700 tons is now before the
Committee on Commerce of the House
;m<l that Representative Payne of New
York, chairman of the House committee,
will at his suggestion amend it by inter
polating- the words "all sailing vessels
carrying passengers." Loud believes this
bill will pa-ss the House and will be satis
factory to the San Francisco petitioners.
Senator Perkins to-day called up ana
the Senate passed the resolution making
immediately available $48,000 for the im
provement of the San Joaquir. River and
Stockton and Mormon channels. By rea
son of the drouth in California this im
provement was absolutely necessary. It
was recommended by Chief of Engineers
Wilson.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Matthew Darcie,
Vallejo, $ti; W. H. Simon, Glendora, $6.
Restoration — Andrew Bndgley, Ventura,
$1. Restoration and increase— John All,
dead. Selma. $S to $12. Increase— John H.
Relly, Benicia, $10 to $12. Original widow,
etc.— Laura A. All, Selma. $8.
Oregon: Original— Oliver Henton, La
Grande, $8. Original widow, etc.— Mary
A. Bartlemay, Barton, $X. Widow, In
dian wars— Zaraviah A. Cavender, Silver
ton, $8.
THREE ATTRACTIONS COMING.
Frohman to Send Footlight Stars to
San Francisco.
NEW YORK. June 22.— Charles Froh
man has arranged with Friediander, Gott
loeb &■ Co. to send to San Francisco three
of his greatest attractions. These are
Henry Miller, in "The Master," "Hearts
ease" and "A Marriage of Convenience";
William Gillette in "Secret Service." and
Miss Maude Adams in "The Little Minis
ter." which has just closed after a record
engagement of 300 performances.
STORM PREVENTS THE RACE.
Yale, Harvard and Cornell Boat
Crews Will Contest To-Day.
NEW LONDON, Conn., June 22.— A
more unsatisfactory day in the annals
of boat racing on the Thames has never
been recorded than that which the three
university crews and the thousands of
would-be spectators experienced to-day.
Three times the referee attempted to
start the race and each time the weather
conditions prevented, until at last, just
before sunset, after the rain had fallen
in torrents all day, Mr. Meikethara was
obliged to put it over until to-morrow
at half-past 12.
There is but little prospect that there
will be anywhere near the crowd to
morrow that there was to-day, although
thousands have stayed over, and the city
is crowded to-night.
- — — •
SUES FOB A DIVORCE.
Extreme Cruelty Alleged by the Wife
of Denis Donohoe.
SAN RAFAEL, June 22.— Mrs." Denis
Donohoe, wife of the junior member of
the San Francisco law firm of McCor
mack & Donohoe, to-day instituted suit
for divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty.
Trial of Thomas Fitch Jr.
STOCKTON, June 22.— The trial of
Thomas Fitch Jr. on the charge of as
sault upon the person of Charles Fairall
with a deadly weapon with intent to
commit murder has been in progress all
day. It developed during the trial that
insanity will be urged in an >ndeavor to
acquit the prisoner. When reference to
his father and mother was made he
broke down and cried like a child. Medi
cal testimony was introduced tending to
show that Fitch was insane when he
committed the act as a result of worry
over the divorce suit brought by his wife.
The case will be continued to-morrow.
Disgrace to His Family.
SACRAMENTO. June 22.— Judge Hart
to-day sentenced Fred Johnson Vantine,
better known as "Butch" Vantine, to
twenty year* in Ran Quentin. Vantine
was recently convicted of having 1 robbed
an old man named Steinmeyer. whom he
inveigled into a house under pretense of
showing him a man who wanted to' em
ploy him. His parents are most worthy
people, and were once well off, but their
son's lawlessness has caused them to ex
pend a good portion of their means in de
fending him In the courts.
Petaluma Physician Dead.
PETAL.UMA, June 22.— Dr. J. F. Re
marque, pioneer physician of Petaluma,
died on Monday and was buried to-day.
He was aged S2 yoars and had resided
here nearly a half-century. He leaves a
widow here and seven adult children In
San Francisco.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The follow
ing nominations were confirmed by the
Senate to-day:
Postmasters— California. T. J. Alex
ander. Santa Ana; A. A. Hanna, Oakdale.
Washington— W. W. Ward, Dayton.
Consuls— J. F. Hopely, Ohio, Consul at
Southampton, England.
Madera Burglars Sentenced.
MADERA, June 22— In the Superior
Court to-day Judge Conley sentenced to
the Stato prison at San Quentin Ed
Morales and Victor Benites. each for four
and a half years, and Juan Rangol for one
year, all for the crime of burglary in the
second degree.
First Rail Laid in Alaska.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, via Seattle, June
22.— The first mile of track of the first
railway in Alaska was laid through Skag
uay to-day. Grading is finished for a dis
tance of five miles beyond the city limits
The California woodpecker will carry
an acorn thirty miles to store in its nest
Both in England and Scotland the name
of Smith heads the list of names and it
is fifth on the list for Ireland, whose lead
ing name is Murphy. In proportion to tire
population there are more Smiths In Scot
land than in England, for in Scotland
one person in every seventy is nameri
Smith, while in England only one person
in every seventy-two is a Smith.
CASTORfA
For Infants and Children.
Tie fae- , ; /) :
■ '■■ Dimiie • /Oy : •_•••"„ ' ''" .»„ ..
> ADVERTISEMENTS. <
B+fl+fl-f-fl+B+B+fl+B+B+B+B+B+fl+B+B+B+fl+B+B+B+a+B-f
+ - tC3 == CJ.4dl T^ i^ Ladies' parlor open. Meet
B ■ & •" ' your friends there. Chairs
+ . for — comfort for you.
+ n^-^-««n/T^!/\ +*m *+ Grand concert 2to 5 Sat "
1 fiT IP\LJ\ 11111 S urday - Packa g es decked
+ €JL l^ H CJiW t^i VFlli^ free Private fitting rooms.
+ Cool store — warm wel-
jJJ ."<*?-' '.-.' \J come Good goods at
S 4Fh 1 Hale's prices.
+ CLV
+
7L ' ' ' "■' HrWt>r mil * Bsn
B • •
! It'c ir%tf±rp><it ino* No maiter when you come here, this
2j IL^ UliClCdLlll^i s tore has a never-failing interest—
+ there's a/ways something doing; we^like to see our out-of-town patrons meet
J? their city friends here; there's an ebb and flow of a busy throng here most
13 any day; Hale's goods, Hale's store or Hale's prices don't stand still: goods
+ have to go out, store makes progress, prices go down, and, best of — our
4. customers go away pleased.
D
I lace curtain sale
■
+ Only a few pair of each, such prices mean quick sale.
Ed
+ Nottingham Lace Curtains, 35^ yards long, white and ecru — special 75c pair.
ES ■ ••
Nottingham and Fishnet Lace Curtains, 3/4 yards long, white and ecru, finished
B with overlook corded edge, $1.50 pair.
« Nottingham Lace Curtains. 4 yards long by 54 and 60 inches wide, in white
4. and ecru, new designs (47 pairs only), regular value $2.50 — special $1.95 pair.
PS *
T 57 pairs Novelty Net Lace Curtains, in white and ecru, 324 yards long by 54
n inches wide ; a specially neat, dainty curtain — per pair $2.75.
JJ 31 pairs White Tambour Swiss Curtains, 3 A l yards long, 47 inches wide, in neat
I? open-work designs; a few only in each price, and just now (house-fixing time) we'll
m sell them at a reduction— s3.so quality now $2.65; $3.00 quality, $2.25; $2.75
+ . quality, $2.00; $2.50 quality, $1.75 ; $2.25 quality, $1.60 per pair. Come
13 promptly.
nj White Swiss Net Lace Curtains, 3k? yards long, 47 inches wide, lace .edge and
insertion to match, $3.00 peP pair.
~j White Brussels Net Curtains (exclusive designs), 3>2 yards long, 48 inches wide,
jjjj educed to $4.00 peP pair.
+ Irish Point Curtains, in white and ecru, 3M yards long, 50 inches in width,
■ heavy raised patterns, two qualities s6.so and $7.50 peP pair.
■T ■.'■-" "
■ • .:. '
jjjj Your special attention is called to
+
? 57 sample pair lace curtains,
+In Nottingham, Novelty and Irish — only one pair of each pattern used by
2 - travelers for the wholesale houses, are slightly soiled, and will be closed out to-mor-
1 row at a price from a half to a quarter less than they would be regularly worth if
J? clean and a full line in stock. (We have fixtures and hang them with Curtains free
■a of charge in the city.) '
+
? Ribbons. Belts. Millinery.
.j. 627 pieces Baby White Kid Belts, harness buckles, On view to-day, an
EJ Ribbon, in Fancy De- lOe. elegant assortment
+ partment (43 colors). Black Stamped Seal Leather Belts, of Short-backed Sail-
■ Qo p rt l+ lined and stitched, nickel harness ors > trimmed in chif-
+ »l/ OUil, buckle, 15c. fon, quills and flow-
+ " " Very complete line of Roman Belts ers : ivi vs t trimmed.
■ -J*°* /, 0O n y D ards Ladies' Satin Gored Beit Hose Supr^ en
+ 3/ inC / a " Sll^ Piain porter with button clasp. 1 2Hc. P 50c.
B and Moire Taffeta v _ _ .X. K v*u *
+ Ribbon. ■ Colored and Black Stamped Seal
B .f. Leather Belts, studded with iridescent
+ ■ • lOC. . medallions, metal harness buckles, and
jSj . . Black Seal Belts studded with army
T buttons . and leather covered and
3. stitched harness buckle, 25e.
■
■ 937=939=94i=943=945 5= 947 Market , Street.
H :_: _ San Francisco's most progressive dry-goods house.
i DAY SPECIALS !
Our specials are notable, t -
because they show each
week where the cheapest
buying of reliable goods
can be done.
CLARET, gal. 35c. .... .3 gals. $1.03
Well 'agej — rich, full flavor,
in bulk or bottled, •
regular price 50c.
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 pkgs. .... 25c
"Ideal Brand"— better;
regular price. 3 pkgs. 25c.
WITCH-HAZEL, bot . . ... 25c
For the relief and cure of
. all kinds of cuts and wounds:
regular price, 35c.
COFFEE, IXL Blend, lb . . . 21c
Roasted or ground;
regular price, 30c. A>
TOILET SOAP, box of . 3 cakes. ... 15c
Royal brand — splendid value;
regular price, 23c.
COCKTAILS, qt. b0t.. .... . . . . .75 C
Good for making appetite;
regular price. $1. i
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
m Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. | Telephone : West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles? ■
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
VV» tejßt* ~ ftß f* »f teeft,ei!rMilajf w $5.« C sj
&*sdJ4s£' CcU Cn ""E* J3.5»,j
&^*S^vZC%' faiags • - 2itnpi:
f^Hfe%VAPJ VROOffl ■
-<fl^ >> «SR!ff JBlSSnr
"* •^ . G. W. KteiSER, D. D.S. "
tVlBlt Vl8lt DR. JORDAN'S «roat
i|n| ESuseum of Anatomy
f OTW^ 1051 MAEIET ST. bet 6th. It 7th, S. P. Oal.
a 6iv2'4. » .Tbe Largest «flt 3 kind lot** World.; j
iJBwV DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
> Connultatl.nfrw).' Write for Book
1 I Philosophy of Marriage.
1 *" ■ ■ - • UAILCD race.
% P^VB i YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- 1
■ tolorea bPOtB.b P0t8. Ache*. Old Korea,' Ulcers I I
feS# Wrlto COOK J&JUfr |
i I C ?rn C< rV T- 13 * MASONIC TEMPLK, CHI- 1
I m « ,,!£. ; X V.T" ; for : P r <>Ofa ?of cures. : Capital m j
cj jouu.uu). i Worst casea cured In la to 36 aaya. M i
M 100-page book free. ., :,".. ..>■., ;. * ■
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. I
I lUnadi NOT |
I W OFTEN I
SI DO YOU GET AN X
3 OPPORTUNITY TO &
£ <=-^^5 1' /i BUYA ROCKEROF «>
X Wp'T' I.IU \f- 4 THIS QUALITY AT «•
i M I*' ** - IBI B ANYTHING LIKE <S>
t, I —— L THIS PRICE— NOR $
% J&g&ZMWB&¥ 1 WOULD YOU NOW ♦
X Tr~spsFas» [I 7 BUT FOR THE ♦
»^^^^SsT A( FACT THAT wE *
♦ B-^3OL^ Ja VVANTTOLETYOU T
4, l Taei=r=a= : J'/J SEE YOU CAN GET X
#* As^r VJ BARGAINS AT X
£ "iWt^ /$! ■ NOONAN'S X
i ROCKERS, $2- 25 i
& Solid Oak. high back and arms. %
T cane seat — A special THIS a
4 WEEK .........s2^s X
I THIS WEEK-ROCKERS AS LOW AS £
<£ $1. ALL BARGAINS. X
I J. NOON AN, !
%, Complete House-Furnisher, %
I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., |
f Above Sixth. <$>
Phone South 14. Open Evenings. «j>
Going to -the Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's records
will recall pleajant incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks, $5 00, $35. 00.
. Also Poco, Premo and other Cameras— 00.
$50 00.
Catalogues on application.
OPTICIANS7 HOT >*,^^
642 Market or. . instruments
imO'.H CMOMiCH BVHO'"t»
000 0000000 o bo oo ooc
S* PALACE wj
%GRAND HOTEhso
" ' san Ffi/«crsco. o
■ v Connected by a covered 'passageway. ■■ Jf
© 1400 Rooms-000 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One I Management. O
© KOIE THE PRICES: O
_ European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward n
v American Plan.ijs.'J.OO per day and upward
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. Q
0000000 boo 000 00000
'•prrrsi v/Kr.L kxowjt any rrliable or.ti
_r. spj^-ialistcvre* I'rlvate.Nen-ous.BlocKiHi'dSkln
l):spus(-sofMeuon.'.v Manly Power c.l. Over
-it years *xp«rleuce. Sen 1 for Book. free, Clients
■? fi »l» l Home. ! Terms reasonable. , Hour*. Dto a
r Oilly;8:.io tob.aOcv'irs. .Siiridays, 10 to 12. Ci>nnultii-
uoniree and confidential. Csill oruddresa
- s *». ROSCOE MeHUtTT. 31. »-.
2OJi KKArnx savRREi. bah ; 7BAMCI3OO> OAIt .
a>iHnBMHHHnMHaMimB&!