VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 176.
IN HOURLY EXPECTATION
OF A GREAT BATTLE
Even] Enerp Being Bent to
Send Assistance to Ad
miral Deweu.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 24.
This has been a day of ex
citing rumors. Sensational
reports of a battle in the
Windward Passage in which
Admiral Sampson is said to
have sunk the entire Spanish
squadron have reached Wash
ington from Madrid, from Lon
don and from Port au Prince
by the way of New York, but
up to a late hour to-night no
official confirmation of the
engagement could be secured
in any quarter, and Secretary
Long, when seen just before
midnight, reiterated the state
ment made in official bulletin
posted just before the Navy
Department closed to the ef
fect that no information had
been received indicating "that
an action had occurred in the
Windward Passage."
Early in the day the de
partments were inclined to
treat the reports of an engage
ment quite seriously, espe
cially when the State Depart
ment received a cablegram
from the Consul-General at
London describing the press
reports current there. It was
argued that this dispatch in
dicated that the news from
the West Indies was given
general credence in London.
Later, the officials of the
Bureau of Navigation held
a conference with the local
telegraph managers, after
which it was stated that news
of an engagement in or near
the Windward Passage would
be much more likely to reach
the United States direct from
Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti, than
by the more circuitous route
via Europe.
It was pointed out that it
would not be more than a
three or four hours' run from
the scene of the battle to
Mole St. Nicholas and that
either the press dispatch
boats or one of Captain Samp
son's swift vessels, detailed
for the purpose, would
promptly convey to the near
est cable station the first
news, either of a .victory or
a defeat.
From this time forth
until definite news is re
ceived the administra
tion will be in almost
momentary expectation
of a report of a decisive
battle, the issueof which
is not doubted in official
circles here.
The American navy now
has upward of sixty ships in
the Caribbean Sea, and while,
as has been pointed out, Lord
Nelson spent three months in
chasing the enemy about the
Mediterranean he had neither
The San Francisco Call
so many vessels nor were
they capable of such high
speed as the squadrons of
Sampson and Schley. The
American commanders have
the additional advantage of
cable communication, which
enables the Board of Strategy
to advise the senior admiral
almost daily of the latest re- 1
ports concerning the where
abouts of the enemy.
While !t is conceded that the supe
rior speed of Cervera's squadron would
enable him to run from the American
vessels, the impression is gaining
strength that he does not intend to
leave the Caribbean Sea, and hence
that sooner or later he will fall into
Sampson's hands.
The problem of securing coal is be
lieved to be daily growing more critical
with the Spanish admiral, for. owing
to the closing of foreign ports, he is
now dependent upon colliers. Under
the laws of nations he cannot for a pe
riod of three months again secure even
I the smallest quantity of coal at a port
! at which any of his ships have taken
on fuel since the beginning of hostili
ties.
Pending news of Sampson's opera
tions the invasion of Cuba will be post
poned, although it does not follow that
it will be put off until the Spanish fleet
has been destroyed. General Miles,
who will have the active direction of
the landing of troops in Cuba and the
military operations in the island, made
a brief, emphatic statement to-day of
his position with a view to setting at
rest the rumors current to the effect
that he was personally opposed to the
campaign.
"With regard to the invasion of
Cuba," he said, "I have nothing to say,
except that the United States will in
due time bring Cuba under its control
by Judicious methods and without use
less waste of life. The United States is
too great, too strong and too powerful
to commit any foolish act in connec-
THE TROOP SHIP CITY OF PEKING WAS THE CENTER OF ATTRACTION.
All kinds of craft were pressed into service to carry people out to the big steamer yesterday. The stern wheeler Sunol made hourly trips throughout the day, and steam and gasoline
launches were kept busy. A fleet of Whitehall boats was pressed into service and everybody who could went out to wave a last good-by to the boys in blue. During the afternoon Governor
Budd and his staff visited the vessel 8n the State tug Governor Markham, and his was the only party allowed aboard the troopship. Everybody else was kept at a distance, so the soldiers
thronged the bulwarks and the rigging was black with the crowd that had made a pyramid as high as the crosstrees in order to get a last look at their friends. When the Governor and his
staff were leaving the Peking the boys in blue manned the rigging and gave him three hearty cheers. Then they cheered the Governor's staff, California, and lastly their sweethearts and wives.
tlon with the proposed invasion. As
for myself I have only to say that no
officer is fit to command troops who
from any motive whatever would need
lessly risk the life of a single soldier,
either from disease or the bullets of the
enemy. I have never sacrificed the
lives of men under my command, and I
do not propose to subject them to any
unnecessary risks in the present cam-
paign."
Of hardly less interest to-day than
the probable operations of Sampson's
fleet was the redoubled vip'or exhibited
by the War Department in hastening
preparations for the Philippine expedi
tion. The dispatch received from Ad
miral Dewey dated Cavite, May 20, via
Honskonsr, May 24, describing the scar-,
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
city of food at Manila and the
threatened outbreak of the Spanish
soldiers emphasized the importance of
reinforcing the American commander's
handful of marines at "the earliest pos
sible date.
The administration has had no relia
ble information regarding: the future
movements of the Cadiz fleet, but there
have been development, -within the past
forty-eight hours which seem to point
to the concentration of Spain's ener
gies in an effort to retake the Philip
pine Islands rather than to preserve j
Cuba to the Spanish crown. The out
come of the war with the United States
can hardly be in doubt in Madrid, and
the loss of Cuba must have been
upon. Experienced diplomats .
here, who are watching the proceedings
with close attention, believe that Spain
hopes to recover the Philippine Islands
in order that they may not be in the
actual possession of the United States
when peace is declared, as in that event
it is feared this Government would de
cide to hold them permanently.
Rumors have been current that the
President has decided on the perma
nent retention of the Philippines, but
careful inquiry fails to develop any
basis for these reports further than the
semi-official statements made from time
to time by members of the Cabinet to
the effect that this Government would
undoubtedl- hold the islands as a guar
antee of the payment of what war in
demnity might be demanded of Spain.^
The instructions delivered to General
Merritt outlining his course upon his
arrival at Manila are of the mo:t radi
cal character. He will proclaim mar
tial law throughout the territory of the
Philippine Islands, the civil govern
ment of the Spanish authorities will be
completely superseded and Governor
Augusti will become virtually a pris
oner of war.
Under the joint supervision of Gen
eral Merritt and Admiral Dewey the
captured Spanish fortifications will be
placed in the best defensive condition,
and should the Cadiz' fleet attempt to
retake the islands it will meet with a
far different fate from Admiral Dewey's
Continued ' oa ; Fourth . Pag* i ,
OREGON
TROOPS
CHEERED
Volunteers and Soldiers of
the Fourteenth U. S.
Infantry Saluted.
Inspiring Scenes as the Column
for Manila Moved From the
Presidio to the Docks.
THERE -was another scene of pa
triotism and grandeur in San
Francisco yesterday, another
outpouring of the people that
showed how the hearts of thou
sands throb in unison when multitudes
march to the inspiring music of war to
fight for their country.
The occasion of the display of pa
triotism yesterday was the departure
of fourteen hundred more soldiers from
the Presidio to the wharves to embark
for the Manila campaign. They comp
rised five companies of the Fourteentn
United States Infantry, as well as the
Second Regiment of Oregon Volunteers
and a detachment of heavy -artillery.
As the California volunteers enthused
the multitude and moved them to con
tinual cheering, so the departure of
their neighbors from Oregon was the
signal for an outpouring of citizens who
waved them hearty farewells all the
way from their camps to the water's
edge. Early in the day every avail
able view-point was occupied by sight
seers. Men and boys climbed high on
telegraph poles, women sat in doorway 3
'and windows, while cheers and tender
good-bys characterized the day.
The Oregon soldiers were a fine-look
ing body of men, broad-shouldered ani
large chested sons of pioneers. They
are brave and brawny enougn to fight
their way in any land wherethe cause
of America needs defenders.' The re
veille sounded while the mornin? was
yet young, and before the gray of
twilight became the purple of sunrise.
Without delay the soldiers arose Hnd
prepared to break camp. Haversacks
and blankets were put together and it
was but a short time before the body of
troops was ready to march t<> the point
of embarkation as their California
comrades had done the day before.
All along the line of march there wns
such enthusiasm as moved the vast
throngs to cheer with unabated vigor.
When the procession had gon /J as for
as Second street there was a chorus of
steam whistles that almost drownel
the trampling of soldiers and the music
of bands, though the inspiration of
fife and drum kept time alor>.^ the
weary march.
"Hurrah for the Oregon boys!" was
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the cry heard everywhere, and none
were more enthusiastic in their cheers
than Caiifornians, who forgot State
lines and remembered that the coun
try was one. There was a certain
pride, however, that those who march
ed were sons of the golden "West.
It was another example of human
nature rising in its sympathy and ma
jesty to cheer men who go forth to
fight for their country's flag, "to flght
for liberty, to fight for us." It was
another example of the readiness of
American manhood to hee t d its coun
try's call In the hour of its peril. One
feature in the departure of the Ore
gon troops was absent in all pil
grimage of yesterday — the many adleu3
of close friends and relatives. Those
tender farewells; had been said In Ore
gon and the greetings of yesterday
were chiefly those shared by all citizens
for men who offer up their lives for a
worthy cause.
So the forenoon wore away amid the
cheers of thousands and the enthusi
asm of brave men in battle array. And
at the wharves the^reat crowd yelled
itself hoarse as the soldiers arrived.
The final hurrah when the last blue
coat had come upon the scene was
such as the soldiers will remember
wherever they go. And when the day
had died there were many pleasant
memories recalled by the departing sol
diers, who felt that their cause was the
people's and that their victories would
be heralded as the nation's in years to
come.
OREGON'S SOLDIERS
FOLD THEIR "JENTS.
Troops From the Webfoot State
Strike Camp and March to the
Waiting Transports.
To the strains of the "Red, White
and Blue" the regulars of the Four
teenth United States Infantry marched
away from the Presidio Reservation at
6:30 o'clock yesterday morning. They
were followed an hour later by the de
tachments from Batteries A and D of
the heavy artillery, under command of
Captain Geary, which took the Union
street car line at the Presidio to the
ferry. The Second Oregon Regiment
was delayed some time by a flag pre
sentation and did not leave the reser
vation for over an hour after the Four
teenth.
It was exactly 4 o'clock when the
clear, mellow note of the trumpet
awoke the men of both camps, while
the artillerymen who were quartered
In the barracks at the post were
tumbled from their beds at the same
time by the roll of the drum. Scarcely
was there light enough to see the sol
diers at work in their camps when they
were first roused, and in the dim and
uncertain shadow of the fading night
they looked like phantoms as they
moved here and there getting every
thing in readiness to leave. In the
camp of the regulars there was no con
fusion. Every man knew what he had
to do and how and when to do it, and
the soldiers moved like a well oiled
piece of machinery. Silently the white
tents were thrown and folded, the com
pany property piled in orderly heaps
at the ends of each street, the haver
sacks and heavy marching order equip
ments arranged and every detail at
tended to with faultless system. The
Fourteenth was ready and prepared to
march before the Oregonians had got
their first tent down.
At 6:10 o'clock the first call was
sounded, and ten minutes later the
hoarse voices of the sergeants gave the
commands to fall in, and the deter
mined looking fighting machines
stepped silently into line and answered
"Here" in no uncertain tone when their
names were called. The company waa
inspected, and the automatic opening
and closing of the chambers of their
deadly Krag-Jorgensen rifles was om
inously suggestive of the fatality of
■war. Lieutenant Krauthoff acted as
adjutant, and the five companies were
formed in front of Major Robe's head
quarters and turned over to Captain
Murphy.
That white-haired veteran with the
eye of a martinet scanned the motion
less lines of blue, then, drawing hi* <
sword, he gave the command right
shoulder arms, and then fours right,
forward march, and the battalion
swung into column, and the band at- its
head making martial music they
tramped away, while the soldiers of the
Sixth Battalion and the Seventh Infan
try lined the sides of their camps and
cheered the Fourteenth to the echo.
The march along Lombard was une
ventful save for the salutes blown by
the whistles of the different factories,
but at Van Ness there occurred a
laughable incident. Several platoons of
police were there by order of Chief Lees
to escort the Oregon regiment and they
mistook the Fourteenth for them. The
lieutenant in charge of them wanted
Captain Murphy to wait rive minutes
until the Chief should arrive, but- the
old campaigner had orders to be at his
ship at a certain time and he was go
ing to get there, so he told the lieuten
ant he could not. The police officer
wanted to argue about it, but the
sharp, quick command from Captain
Murphy of forward, march, cut short
his protests and the platoons had to
step lively to get out of the way of the
soldiers. After they had marched sev
eral blocks they discovered that they
were not escorting the right regiment
and they had to fall out of line and
march back to Lombard street.
The departure of the Oregon regi
ment was marked by the presentation
of a stand of colors given to it by the
ladies of Oregon. The flags were pr«-.2
TRANSPORTS ARE READY FOR SEA
MAY NOT SAIL UNTIL
THURSDAY MORNING.
The sailing of the transport fleet, consisting of the Aust Jia, City
of Peking and City of Sydney, may not take place until to-morrow
morning, but an extra rush from the powers at Washington may get
the fleet out of the harbor to-night.
It was the judgment of officers high in authority that the fleet
might be delayed until to-morrow morning to permit the loading of
naval stores on the Peking.
sented by Colonel Jackson, U. S. A.,
retired, who was for many years upon
detached service with the National
Guard of Washington. The colors were
received by Colonel Summers on be
half of his command. He made an
appropriate speech, and expressed his
and the regiment's gratification at the
kindly token given them by the wo
men of their native State. Camp was
then broken without further delay, and
the soldiers of the north marched
away with their band playing and their
colors flying proudly in the early morn
ing breeze.
As the regiment swims into Van Ncsa
avenue the police escort, headed by me
resplendent Chief, foil in In front of the
column, and on toward the waiting trans
ports the soldiers went. Along Van Ness
and Golden Gate avenues and Market
street they tramped to the cheers of the
thousands of citizens that lined the way.
WAITED ALL DAY
FOR THEIR SUPPLIES.
Somebody Blundered and Left the
Oregon Soldiers Standing on
the Cheerless Wharf.
Somebody blundered In arranging
for the movement of the Second
Oregon Volunteers, and in consequence
it was nearly 7 o'clock last evening
when the Australia drew out from the
Oceanic steamship dock with the
headquarters, staff and band, and the
First and Second battalions of the
regiment on board, besides Brigadier
General Anderson and staff.
The troops reached th« dock about
9 a. m., and arms were stacked while
they waited for their baggage. They
waited until nearly dark before the
last truckload arrived. When the regi
ment marched away from the Pre
sidio the trucks had not arrived, and
when they finally did reach the camp
ground there were not enough to
transport half the baggage. Besides
all the camp equipage and personal ef
fects, 400,000 ro-unds of rifle and 100,000
rounds of revolver ammunition and six
months' rations for 750 men had to
be hauled to th^Australia. Whether
tfie quartermaster's department failed
to provide sufficient transportation or
the draymen neglected to send all the
teams necessary does not matter now,
but it worked great hardship on the
men.
Before they started they were given
a cup of coffee only, expecting to
have breakfast as soon as they reach
ed the boat, but for some unexplained
reason they were kept on the dock
through all the long, hours of waiting.
Shortl# before noon the Red Cross
( Society learned of their plight, and as
Boon as a wagon could be procured at
hoar! quarters in the ferry depot it was
loaded with sandwiches and dispatched
to the succor of the half-famished sol
diers in charge of Mrs. Judge Slack and
a . ■■■rps of assistants. Another wagon
load of provisions and steaming coffee
Eoon followed, and from that time until
the ship drew into the stream the ladies
kept a steady supply of provisions
moving to the men.
And how those soldiers cheered every
wagon load, the members of the soci
ety collectively and individually, and
the people of San Francisco who had
contributed to the success of the hu
mane work.
The pathos that marked the embark
ation of the First Infantry was lack
ing- Few near friends were present
t the men farewell ; their severing
of home ties took place when they
started for San Francisco, and hardly
a dozen ladies followed their husbands,
-sons and brothers here.
The terrible crush that occurred at
the Mail dork Monday was also lack
ing. This was due to the perfect ar
arrangements made and executed by
Captain Dunleavy, Sergeant Tom Ma
honey and the harbor police force.
Chief Lees rode down to the dock at
the head of the detachment that es
corted the troops, and it is to be fer
vently hoped that he profited by what
he saw.
East street was filled with people, but
there was not the slightest disorder
and a broad passageway to the en
trance of the dock was kept clear for
the passage of the column. Nobody
but those having business on the dock
and the few close friends of the sol
diers were allowed to pass the gate.
As a result the men had ample room to
move, and there was no interference
with the work of loading the ship. Per
fect order prevailed within and without
the gate.
The men became desperately tired of
the delay, and knowing that it would
be hours before they got away some of
the more adventurous spirits deter
mined to take a farewell glimpse of
San Francisco. The guard and police
combined at the gate was a hopeless
problem, so various expedients were
resorted to in order to gain brief free
dom. Several made their escape
through the superintendent's room, but
this means of exit was soon discovered
and a guard with fixed bayonet soon
closed it.
A couple of the men dropped on to
the lower stringer to the spring piles
alongside the dock and crawled alon^
to the shore end. One of them reached
the street in safety, but his comrade
was gathered in by the guard.
Another, after he had been marched
on board, concluded he wanted another
drink, so he slid down the forward
hawser to the bulkhead, darted through
the crowd and got his refreshment, then
climbed back before the guard could
overtake him.
The Monterey, on her way to Mare
Island, saluted the troopship with three
piercing shrieks of her siren. The moni
tor was a Kreat curiosity to many of
the men and they cheered her as long
as she remained in sight. Shortly after
the Iroquois, formerly the tug Fearless,
Bkimmed along and also saluted the
Australia. But the breaks In the mo
notonous wait were few.
At 6:80 o'clock the last truckload .of
baggage , arrived and was rushed , on
board. Then came a scurrying for de
linquents. Several men j were rounded
up In neighboring resorts In poor con
dition to withstand seasickness, and
tw*, jvtiQse jiaxaed could not be aecer-,
tamed last night, were missing, and the
ship drew o-ut into the stream without
them. It is not at all likely that they
intended to desert, but, overcome by
the joys of the water front, they prob
ably forgot all about the flight of time,
and will go aboard the ship this morn
ing.
A number of army officers and friends
of General Anderson went on the Aus
tralia, which proceeded up to Mission
Bay, where she dropped anchor along
side the Peking and Sydney. They
dined with the general and came ashore
at 9 o'clock last eveaing-.
NOBLE MANLY FELLOWS
WITHOUT A COMPLAINT.
The Kansas Volunteers Without
Uniforms and Destitute of Even
the Camp Necessities.
A lady of this city, just after a visit
to the camp of the Kansas Volunteers,
i happened to meet a representative of
■ The Call. There were traces of tears
' about her eyes, and in the eyes them
selves a flash of indignation. And when
she had told the story of her visit the
listener did not wonder that her heart
had been stirred. Most of these brave
'■. boys from the plains of Kansas are ac
tually destitute. A number of them
are ill, perhaps to death, and between
these and the ground there is a solitary
blanket. They have no delicacies, no
comforts, none of the necessaries of
the sick. They are far away from the
! homes they left at the first call of their
| country, and through the blunder' of
one set of officials and the slowness of
another they are suffering actual pri
vation. They have no change of un
derwear; not so much as an extra pair
of socks, and yet for weeks they have
i been the soldiers of the Government.
"Something must be done for these
i men," said the lady, "and at once. It
is not an appeal to charity. These
Kansas boys come from good homes
and positions. It is a shame to us all
that they should be neglected. They
are the soldiers who are to fight for us.
They have offered their lives for us.
and I know people would be glad ana
proud to help them if they only knew.
I love those Kansas boys; brave fel
lows, who make no complaint; who
have been unused to hardship, and yet
who are permitted to exist under con
ditions at which a tramp would rebel.
They are gentlemen and they are our
brothers."
Yesterday a load of mattresses and
cots were sent out as samples for of
ficers to inspect. When N. P. Cole,
who owned the furniture, heard of the
circumstances of the Kansans, he or
dered that the load stay right there
and so last night a few of the invalid
boys had a chance to rest their weary
bodies on a decent couch. But there
are many more. The lady's sympathy
had not led her to over-state the pitiful
conditions. Sick soldiers with no
change cf raiment after weeks of camp
life!
And these are of the men who so
gallantly rushed to answer the sum
mons of their President. Before an
other nightfall there should be in their
camp plenty for the sick and the well.
People who have been so generous have
only to realize the necessity to sup
ply it-
The Call man watched the Kansans
drill and they were soldiers every inch.
The rags in which the land they serve
permits them to be clad could not dis
guise this. But the bare feet of some
of them were on the ground, while the
clothing of others hung in tatters. They
have uttered no plaint, for they are not
beggars, but citizens to whom the re
public owes proper care and whom the
people honor. Shall another day pass
without clothing, blankets and delica
cies being sent to them?
A CALIFORNIAN TO
THE FRONT IN CUBA.
Star Dare, a Son or John T. Dare,
Among Those Who Fired
the First Shot.
John T. Dare, Appraiser at this port,
received . yesterday a letter from his
son, Starr Dare, a private in the First
Infantry, United States regulars, giv
ing a graphic account of the first land
ing and- engagement on Cuban soil of
American troops with the Spanish.
Young Dare was a member of the Na
tional Guard of California and desired
to enlist for the war, but he did not
want to be detained on this coast or
elsewhere to do home guard duty. He
desired to be in the thick of the fray,
to be a man of action among men of
action, to fight for his country, not to
stand guard at the edge of the scene of
conflict. So he waited until it was de
cided that the First Infantry of regu
lars at the Presidio should go to Tam
pa, preparatory to starting for offen
sive operations in Cuba. When that
fact was announced publicly Starr
Dare became a member of the gallant
First one sunny afternoon, and next
morning he was on the cars bound for
Tampa.
The First Infantry regulars were the
firs"t to make a landing on hostile ter
ritory and to shed the blood of the foe.
Young Dare's company embarked on
the steamer Gussie, and he had the
honor, the glory and the happiness to
be one of those who fired first at the
Spanish soldiers. As a memento of
that historic occasion Private Dare
sent to his father the shell of one of the
Krag-Jorgenson cartridges discharged
by him at the Spanish. The following
is the letter: .
Friday, May 13, 1898, on board Gussie.
My Dear Father: Companies E and G left
Port Tampa on May 10 at 1 p. m., under
sealed orders. We arrived at Key West
May 11 at 3:30 p. m. At 9:15 that evening
we sailed for Cuba, accompanied by the
United States gunboat Manning. We
sighted the coast of Cuba May 12 at 8
p. m., passed Havana close in and fol
lowed the coast, afterward being met by
another gunboat which went along with
us. The two gunboats shelled the Span
ish fort. a few miles west of Marlel and
then passed on down the coast.
We arrived at Cabanas Bay at 2 p. m
where we anchored while Company C was
sent ashore ~to protect the landing: of
three Cuban army officers ■ and their
horses. They are in communication with
Gomez, so that he can receive the cargo
©I «j-uio and ammunition, wo have tor him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
We landed in boats, the one in which I
was in being the first to reach the shore,
but on account of the coral reefs we had
to wade in the water up to the waist for
a hundred yards. Immediately upon
landing we threw out a line of skirmishers
and advanced into the woods. All was
quiet and no obstacle was encountered
until the extreme right of the line ran
into a troop of Spanish cavalry.
Our boys immediately fired into them
and the Spanish replied and the firing b«
came general. Bullets whistled around
my head thick and fast, and it was very
hot for a while, hut we got their lieu
tenant, and that fixed them. While shoot
ing at us with his pistol he was shot dead
from his saddle.
The gunboats then opened fire and held
the main body back while we retreated
in squads to the ship. The Spanish lost
ten killed and wounded, but not a man
on our forces was hit, excepting a re
porter on the New York World named
Archibald, who received a slight cut on
the arm.
After landing the Cuban officers and
their horses, we retired to the ship, hav
ing accomplished our part of our mis
sion. The Cubans saddled their horses
and started inland. Poor devils. I can'i
see how they can get through, as the
woods are swarming with Spaniards.
We have a Spanish outpost spy on
board that we captured during the en
gagement. Ido not know what we will
do with him. When we landed he told
us there was not a Spaniard within five
miles, but had hardly got the words out
of his mouth before we were in a hoi
When all were aboard we put to sea and
waited for daylight. This morning we
sailed along- close In shore, trying to con
nect with the Insurgents. Two forts
opened fire on us. the shots falling within
100 feet of us. The gunboats replied and
crippled the forts, knocking their batter
ies to pieces and killing a large number
of Spanish artillerymen, as we could see
from the dust and the confusion in the
works.
We are now sailing along the coast, but
I don't know where we are bound. I am
well and looking for more trouble.
Company E of the First Infantry
United States regulars, from the Presidi
at San Francisco, is the first body o
United States forces to land on Cuban
soil and engage the Spaniards. If th
positions had been reversed and we haa
been in the place of the Spaniards no
a Spaniard would have lived to tell the
tale 01 the first landing of an American
force on Cuban soil.
They had us in a trap, but they were
not smart enough to know it.
We are now on the way to Key West
having been unsuccessful in communi
eating with the insurgents. We liavo
been all along the coast of Matanzas anil
ONE DAY ABOARD THE TRANSPORT STEAMER
find the Spaniards In full control. Con
sequently it is impossible to land these
supplies without a larger force of men.
STARR DARE.
WAR PREPARATIONS
NEARING AN END.
Troops Beintf Equipped and Put in
Shape for the Campaign in the
Philippines.
The coast defense monitor Monterey
went to Mare Island Navy Yard yes
terday afternoon to be placed in proper
order for the long run to Manila. It is
ascertained from a high source of au
thority that requirements of the Mon
terey are few, and that but a short time
will be needed to put the vessel in
shape for the voyage.
General Otis, U. S. A., was busy un
til a late hour last night at army head
quarters in the Phelan building. Yes
terday he directed the Seventh Kegi
ment of California Volunteers to join
the division of troops encamped at the
Richmond District. Major Long, chief
quartermaster of the department, was
directed by General Otis to have the
transportation for the troops at the
Presidio by 7:30 a. m. to-day.
The Sixth California Volunter Infan
try, Colonel Johnson, will vacate the
camp on tlie Presidio plain to-day or
to-morrow, and go into the brick bar
racks formerly occupied by the Third
Artillery and First United States In
fantry. This movement will practically
break the tented encampment at the
Presidio.
Captain Hay's battery of California
volunteer heavy artillery has been as
signed to garrison duty under Colonel
Morris, commanding the Presidio.
There is ample room in the brick bar
racks for the Sixth California Volun
teers and the heavy artillery.
Intelligence was received at the
Presidio last night which indicates that
the squadron of Fourth United States
Cavalry now on garrison duty at the
post will go to Manila with Major-Gen
eral Merritt. Word was also received
at the Presidio yesterday that General
Merritt would arrive here to-morrow
evening.
The Seventh Regiment of California
Volunteers will to-day be supplied with
blouses, trousers and campaign hats
sufficient for 450 men. The clothing was
made by the Pettrbone Manufacturing
Company of Cincinnati for the State
and conforms to the United States army
standard. The Seventh will be equipped
in first-class style before leaving this
city for Manila.
Colonel Johnson received his orders
late last night to strike tents at the
Presidio and occupy the barracks.
Yesterday Dr. O'Brien, formerly
Health Officer of this city, • was mus
tered into the United States, service ;as
additional surgeon of the First Califor
nia Volunteer .: Infantry. Dr. Ira B.
Ladd * -will, if he' passes | the' ; examina
tion, be mustered in as additional sur
geon o£ ike Seventh Ileglment,
Word was received by wire yesterday
that a special train carrying the latest
Springfield rifles for the Seventh Regi
ment of California Volunteers and
other troops would soon arrive at Be
nicia Arsenal.
Governor Budd, Adjutant General
Allen, Colonel Burgin and other staff
officers went aboard the Peking yes
terday and Inspected the troops. The
officers and enlisted men of the com
mand passed the first night on the ship
without discomfort. The Governor was
on board for an hour or more.
The Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment
arrived at the Oakland pier last night
and will joi: the camp at Richmond
early this morning. Slow time across
the continent was made at their own
request, and they stopped at various
points to water their horses and exer
cise them, and besides perform evolu
tions for the edification of the natives.
They stopped several hours in Truckee
and paused at Sacramento.
The Montana quota left Butte yes
terday and will arrive at Ogden to
day. They will arrive here some time
Friday morning.
The Utah Cavalry left Salt Lake yes
terday. It is not known at the South
ern Pacific office when these troops
will arrive.
Two regiments of regulars left New
Orleans yesterday and will arrive here
Sunday, although it is possible that
they may get here late Saturday
night. It is reported at the Southern
Pacific office at Montgomery and Mar
ket that 700 recruits from Atlanta, Ga.,
will join this detachment.
Part of a regiment from North Da
kota will leave Portland Friday or Sat
urday.
They Are All Our Boys
A larly who has made frequent visits to
the Bay District camp asserts that Colo
rado and Minnesota say favors are not
equally distributed. These generous fel
lows state that friends fairly overload
them with provisions and all sorts of deli-
cacies, but pass by the Kansas and Ne- |
braska boys, who have thus far received
almost no attention. Possibly this comes
about from the fact that the latter being
near the McAllister-street line people
have formed the idea that they must have
been supplied by others, and accordingly
pass along to tho companies farther down.
l>outbless it will be remedied at once.
The Kansas troops, as already ex
plained, came here under more adverse
circumstances than any troops in the
camg/ Ordered into their home camp j
with'instructions to bring no supplies, !
they wi-re held three weeks in the mud
ami then brought to San Francisco with
out clothing or equipment.
Possibly, also, citizens do not know that
tho Washington boys in the Fontana
warehouse are just as fond of good things
and as deserving of every attention as
any other portion of Uncle Sam's army.
Most of them quit good positions, and
many are men of means. They gave up
all for the flag, and yet for the first three
dara of their stay In Sam Francisco the
officers and men had little besides bread
and tea, and for the want of suitable
nourishment were too weak 10 drill. At
present, of course, they have the regular
army rations, but if any one thinks they
are opposed to the receipt of delicacies
and attention, just try them.
"Surely," says this lady, "we should do j
unto all of these as we would have our j
San Francisco boys treated when far
away from home."
SOLDIERS PREPARING
FOR THE LONG VOYAGE.
California's Troops Receive the
Governor and His Staff on
Board the Peking.
The troopship City of Peking was the
lodestone that attracted all the small
craft on the bay yesterday. The river
steamer Sunol ran hourly excursions to
her, and all the steaifl|?and gasoline
launches were kept busy from morning
to night. There was no time during the
day that there was less than two dozen of
Whitehall boats hovering around the big
steamer, but the occupants of all and sun
dry were doomed to disappointment, as
not a soul was allowed aboard the Peking.
There was one exception to this rule, how
ever. Governor Budd and his staff were
allowed aboard during the afternoon.
The work of putting the" ammunition
aboard .th 6 troopship was continued
throughout the day and was not completed
when night fell. At noon time the big
barge that lay alongside was only half
unloaded and during the afternoon the
Unadllla came down from Mare Island
with a fresh supply. ' The work of trans
ferring; the shells from the lighter to the
steamer was done by hand and conse
quently slow progress was made. :
The boys in blue that thronged the
troopship were Interested spectators of
every thing that went on I during the . day.
The port side of the ship was crowded
during the morning with men gazing city
ward, and from the deck there rose .tier
upon tier up the rigging as far as the
cross trees, until each mast looked like a
huge pyramid of human beings. When
the ship swung with , the tide the boys
made a rush for the starboard side, but
those who had been In the port rigging
found their, place- of vantage cone, as
others of the different companies had been
in the starboard rigging half an hour
awaiting the turn or the tide.
,It is stated on good authority that on
her ; arrival the steamer China will "be
turned Into a troopship. The Pacific Mail
Company assert, however, „ that they
know nothing about the transfer, still
they admit that two Japanese steamers
are to replace two of their steamers on
the Hongkong route. These boats ; will
arrive here shortly, and will taJto up the
, sailing dates «X the Pfiklnjr and *Vi» China.
so that it is more than probable that early
next month will see the departure of the
China for Manila.
It is also said that the. China will be
purchased and turned into a cruiser, and
as such will join Admiral Dewey's fleet
after she has discharged her contingent
of troops. The China, Monterey, Phila
delphia and Iroquois (late the tug Fear
less) will all leave here for Manila about
the same time, and either the Peter Jeb
sen or some other large collier will ac
company them. The Monterey went to
Mare island yesterday afternoon, where
she will be docked and thoroughly over
hauled. The Philadelphia came off the
drydock in time for the Monterey to take
her place, and the work of getting: both
these vessels ready will be rushed. It is
expected that both of them can be got
ready for sea in ten days, and both the
China and the Iroquois can be fitted out
in that time. It can thus be seen that
there will be no difficulty in getting this
addition to Admiral Dewey's fleet away
from here by the latter part of the first
week in June.
The Klondike steamer Roanoake has
been fitted out and is ready to sail at any
time for St. Michael, but a dispatch from
the army authorities has delayed her sail
ing. It is now thought that another boat
will take her place on the St. Michael
run and the Roanoake will be sent to
Manila with troops. The Zealandia is to
be fitted out in an exactly similar maxiner
to the Australia, and, as the Roanoake
has the same kind of patent bunks, there
will be no chance of grumbling from the
soldiers in regard to her accommodations.
v\'ork on the mosquito ileet is being
rushed at the L'nion Iron Works. The
Albatross is almost ready to go into com
mission, and as soon as she leaves the
yard Rear-Admiral Miller will hoist his
flag on her. On the .new boat Farragut,
the Iroquois, Active and Vigilant all the
men that can possibly work are engage.!
in getting them ready for immediate
service. Work on the Wisconsin is going
along slowly, in consequence of the non
arrival of the steel armor plates.
The State tug Governor Markham went
out to the Peking yesterday afternoon.
She had on board Governor Budd and
his staff, Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Captain Car
rington. U. S. A.. Major P. J. Harney,
State Harbor Commissioner and License
Collector T. F. Bonnet and W. S. Leaks
The State quarantine tug Governor Per
kins also went out with the Board of
Health and Drs. W. P. Chalmers, E. E.
Hill, W. B. Dc-as, G. J. Fltzgibbon and J.
M. Williamson. Xone of the party on
the Perkins was allowed to board, but
those on the Murkham thoroughly in
spected the large troop ship and spent a
very enjoyable half hour on board. As
the Governor and his party left the side
of the Peking three cheers were given
for him by the soldiers, which were fol
lowed by three cheers for the staff.
During the return trip of the Perkins
Dr. A. P. O'Brien was presented with a
very valuable diamond ring by l>r. Wil
liamson on behalf of the Board of Health.
Dr. O'Brien's orders to proceed to Ma
nila with the troops were at first coun
termanded, but yesterday he received a
telegram from the War Department or
dering him to report for duty. After the
presentation those on the Governor Per
kins gave three hearty cheers for the doc
tor and wished him a safe return from
the Philippines.
CAMP OF VOLUNTEERS.
Seventh California Will Join
the Troops at Richmond
District.
The cavalry parade ground, where the
troops have been encamped at the Pre
sidio, presented a very deserted appear
ance to such people as visited the reser
vation yesterday. The removal of the
Second Oregon Regiment and five com
panies of the Fourteenth leaves only one
company of the latter infantry and the
Sixth Battalion and Seventh Regiment of
California Volunteers. The latter com
mand, along with Company G of the
Fourteenth, may, in "all probability, move
over to Camp Richmond to-day, and if
such should be the case only the Sixth
Battalion will be left at the Presidio.
General Otis is going to establish brigade
headquarters at Camp Richmond, and he
doubtlessly desires to concentrate there
all troops that are going to Manila.
Colonel Berry said yesterday that he
felt certain, from a talk he had with Gen
eral Merriam, that the Seventh would be
one of the regiments to go on the next
expedition to Manila. ; This second body
of troops, that are to be:. sent' to the aid
of Admiral Dewey, will sail as soon as
transports for them can be secured. next
>edition to Manila. This second body
troops, that are to be sent to the aid
Admiral Dewey, will sail as soon as
nsports for them can be secured,
Major Robe, Captain Matile and Lieu
tenants Hunt, Martin, Field and Gohn
are the officers of the Fourteenth In
fantry who remain with Company G.
Lieutenant Gohn is a:. member of the
I cadet class that was recently graduated
from West Point ahead of time. Com
pany G has about fifty men in it at pres-
I ent. Major Robe is hopeful that two
weeks will prove sufficient time in which
to recruit the two skeleton companies, I
I and K. which are at present in Alaskfe,
! and also to recruit L and M, the two new
! companies to be added to the regiment.
Lieutenant Hunt has plenty of applicants
for enlistment, but the examining sur-
I geon at the post is so rushed with work
! that the examination of recruits is very
slow. Major Robe may ask army head
quarters for, an additional surgeon to as
sist in the physical examination of the
men.
Major Robe is in hopes that volunteers
may be sent to -Alaska to relieve com
panies J and X, so that the Fourteenth as
a whole may be concentrated in the Phil
ippines. It is known that General Mer
riam in favor of sending, volunteers to
Alaska, and it is not improbable that the
Sixth Regiment, under Colonel . Johrt%on,
! may be selected for that duty, as there is
little chance that it will be sent to Manila.
In fact Colonel Johnson said yesterday
that his chances of going to the Philip
pines were very slim at present.
The Red Cross still continues its pa
triotic work of supplying the soldiers.
Yesterday they sent shoes to the Sixth
California, which were most acceptable,
as many of the "men were badly in need
of them. The Seventh Regiment is gradu
ally getting equipped, as is the Sixth.
Company B of the Heavy Artillery, which
will remain at the Presidio, is still quar
tered in the brick barracks. Major Rice
aa yet doe» not know whether it will La
BOUND FOR MANILA.
Purchased Collier and Cargo.
The stear.er Peter Jebsen, with her cargo of coal to the amount of 4800
tons, was purchased yesterday by the Government from John Rosenfeld's
Sons. The Jebsen is the second largest coal carrier on the coast and was
originally a Nor ve^ian steamer. She is in charge of ( iptain Clawson. The
negotiations were conducted on the part of the Government by Pay Inspec
tor Griffin. The belief is that the Jebsen will be dispatched directly to Ma
nila to supply Admiral Dewey's squadron.
ordered out into camp at Fort Point. If
it should be ordered there it will be under
the command of Colonel Miller.
Sergeant McCarthy's remains were re
moved yesterday by his parents and taken
into the city for burial. It had been in
tended by Colonel Morris that the remains
should be interred in the Presidio ceme
tery and the soldier given a military fun
eral, but at the request of his parents
his body was turned over to them.
Private Henry Pruett, Company E,
Seventh Regiment, who was removed to
the post hospital with pneumonia, is in a
critical condition and his death is mo
mentarily expected. Nr> serious cases
were reported at any of the regimental or
brigade hospitals yesterday.
SUPPLIES FOR TROOPS.
Great Efforts to Have the Gov
ernment Patronize Western
Industries.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation is making a fight to have the-
Government purchase as many of the
supplies for the Manila expedition in this
city and State as possible. The represen
tatives of the body in the East have been
keeping a sharp watch to detect in the
signs of the times any indication of a
very extensive call for provisions, etc.,
that might be made for the Orient.
When the first order was made for troops
to go to the support of Commodore
Dewey, the department at Washington
also made an order that the purchasing
agent in this city get all of the supplies
here, so there was no necessity for the
association making any efforts to the de
sired end. Yesterday a number of great
changes evidently took place at Wash
ington, and, according to the best infor
mation that could be obtained, it was de
cided to greatly increase the number of
troops to be sent to Manila.
This also meant that vast quantities of
food, clothing, boots and other neces
saries must be bought by the Govern
ment. Director Kdward j^verett of the
association, who is now in Milwaukee,
was quick to see the opportunity, and he
sent the following dispatch to .Director
Frank L. Brown:
"Suggest our association co-operating
with Wakeiield Baker in securing Gov
ernment orders."
Mr. Brown was not slow to take the
hint, and, not satisfied with the strength
of his own association, he thought it ad
visable to get the co-operation of the
Chamber of Commerce in the home indus
try movement. In a very short time the
following dispatch was on the wires:
To the Hon. George C. Perkins, United States
Senate, "Washington, D. C. : All kinds of pro
vision* and supplies lor army and navy on
Pacific Coast for Philippine expedition can be
furnished Government In San Francisco in
quantities required on better terms than from
Eastern cities. Urge Government officials to
make purchases here. Co-operate with- Cali
fornia delegation. HUGH CRAIG.
President Chamber of Commerce San Fran
cisco.
A. SBARBORO.
President Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of California.
Oscar Lewis, manager of the associa
tion, in discussing the move in the inter
ests of the merchants and jobbers of this
city and State, said that it is no more
than right that the people of the W. Bt
should get their share of the patronage
if the Government. The dealers of the
East have the monopoly of the furnishing
)f the supplies for the Cuban expedition
md the several squadrons now in the
Atlantic. Said he: "California canned
md dried meats and fruits are the best
D the world, while all of the products of
Lhe cereals are the most abundant also
lere. Why should the agents of the Gov
?rnment make their purchases in the
East when they have to lose so much
ime in shipping their purchases overland
o this coast? The manufacturers, mer
chants and jobbers of this coast should
ifive a chance, we will leave no stone
inturned to secure for them their rights."
THE REGULAR SOLDIER.
Ever Ready and Eager to Go to
the Front but Never Grum-
bles at His Lot.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Sir: Being a subscriber to your
valuable paper, and admiring the stand i
which your journal takes upon all sub- |
jects of public moment, might I beg leave !
to encroach upon your valuable space to j
say a few words for those boys in blue
who are termed regulars? Do not for one
moment think that I object to all the
praise which has been bestowed upon the I
volunteer boys in blue. "Render unto
Caesar that which is Caesar's" applies as
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rear Admiral Dcwcy.
Our boys in blue have gone to thrash
the boasting Spanis ". nation,
Whose tyranny o'er Cuba disgraces all
creation.
Their medicine is shot and shell: the
Spaniards now are quaking.
For there is quite a difference before
and after taking.
This fact was quickly proved to them
by Dewey at Manila —
The Spanish can't lick Uncle Sam, for
he takes Hood's Sarsaparilla.
* * .
fittingly to-day as it did over ISOO years
ago, when uttered by the Great T<
But in all the columns of matter which
have been written regarding: the move
ments of troops since the outbreak of tha
war. where a hundred lines have been de
voted to the doings of the volunteers but
one line has been written about th<
ulars. Do you not think that the men
who enlisted prior to and who have en
listed since the outbreak of war with
Spain are imbued with as lofty a sense
of patriotism, with as noble a sense of
devotion to duty? Do you not know that,
in proportion, as many have left com
fortable homes and good, positions and
are as eager to go to the front as tha
volunteers? The first duty of a soldier
is to obey.
"Theirs not to make reply;
Theirs not to reason why;
Theirs but to do and die."
While Invariably chafing at being kept
at home, outwardly the regular keeps
cool and obeys orders. Has the regular
army of Uncle Sam ever been found
wanting when weighed in the balan.-. .'
We are all buys in blue — regulars or vol
unteer?—all ready to fight to the last
man for that flag whose brilliant, starry
folds stand for liberty and progress. So,
next time any bouquets are to be thrown
(excuse my slang), don't leave out the
regulars. In the rank and file are nun
as capable, men as learned and men as
ready to lay down their lives for their
country's honor as any to be found on
God's green earth.
A PRIVATE OF THE THIRD ARTIL
LERY, U. S. A.
STANTON ONE BETTER.
Sergeant Green's Family's Pat
riotism Surpassed by That
of a Brother Officer.
At the present time the spirit of Ameri
can patriotism is so commendable among
the native sons of California that not
; "What is there in tho
world that is so pleas-
V ing to feel as a body
| . full of vim. You
! feel that you are
' strong; you feel that
I you are- equal to .
ft any task imposed on
I you: you feel a whole
- I■■ m m man in fact. It is a
3■ V Inil grand sensation. Few
» la I ■■■■ men there are, though.
Iff ■■■■ who can truthfully
i ■ ■■■■ say that they are in
this splendid condit-
; tion. When you begin
■3 to take a poor, gloomy
9 view of everything, be
I assured that you are
i suffering from lack of
; vital power. Get back
3 your manhood.
It is a simple thing to
do. Yet there is only .
one way in which it
can be successfully
done. There is one
thing, and only one
thing in this wide
world that recreates
man. It is "Hudyan."
After years and years £
of patient research B ■ hb|
the Hudsonian doctors S3 SAB |a
made their famous 31 Iks a H
discovery. "Hudyan" ad |I||
restores to men • the 1 01 a Ear
grand feeling that we
all had in youth. That
big sense* of power
with which nature en- "
dowed us all at the
commencement o f
life. Exhausted vi- S
tality is unknown i ,
where "Hud,yan" is
used. j ! •
No less than 20,000
men have been made
to feel that life was
I again worth living,
men have been made
to feel that life was
arrain worth living,
' . when they had practi-
cally given up all
hope, and their souls
*•: were filled with dcs-
Xl pair. Those who have
*i most seriously abused
m—■ — > — their opportunities—
irlnr who nave neglected
rkivb and even ruined their
Ir ■■ kbb plane of perfect man-
« IL- stored to that hi^h
1 ■■■" Plane of perfect man-
hood which is indicat-
ed when one feels full
I of lire and power — day
in and day out. Write
and ask for absolutely-
. free circulars and tes-
timonials showing you
what ■ "Hudyan" has
done and what it will
do for you to-morrow.
1111 aiWiHMMUIEEia^tgESBIPTOJWBg^
% If there is the slightest sign of taint \
In your blood— thinning of eyebrows ' I
loosening of teeth, falling- out of hair' \
copper-colored spots or anything else of s
that nature, ask for free "30-day blood E
cure" circulars. "30-day cure" is as [
effective in the primary as in the ter- i
tiary form of the disease. it cures \
promptly. It always cures and there E
Is no after effect at all. Ask for free \
medical advice, too. It is the best. £,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
; San Francisco. Cal.
RTJTTQUI7C FOR barbers, bak-
JLJH U QOaLD ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
■^ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 60 day
* 5 to $8 week. $8 to *30 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la ever*
room; elevator runs all uighu . *THE MONTEREY PREPARES TO SAIL
only husband* have left their wives and
children for the purpose of defending Old
Glory, but in some cases as many as \
three boyß out of ono family have donneu I
tl.o blue, ready to do battle for the flag
lorn. This has been the case with
the family of Sergeant Green, whose three \
..■.(■ become members of the First'
Kceimeiu of California volunteers. This \
has boe:i surpassed by the family of Offi
cer Tom Stanton. the keeper of the
Potrero station, who has the honor of j
having four sons in the service of the i
Union.
James Stanton is on board of the j
Charleston. which vessel sailed for
Manila a few days ago. Edward is a ser- j
geant in Company A. First Regiment of
California, William is a corporal and John ,
is a private in the same company. This ;
g.->es one better than Sergeant Green, and !
probably heads the list of the patriotic
families of San Francisco.
PENNSYLVANIA'S CRACK
REGIMENT IS HERE;
_____
Camped at Oakland Mole Last Nlg-ht
Will March Up Market Street
This Morning.
OAKLAND, May 25.— The First Battal- i
ion of the Tenth Regiment. Pennsylvania !
volunteers, arrived at Sixteenth street j
MERCHANTS PROVE THEIR PATRIOTISM
There were tears in the eyes and a
tremor of the voice of the president of
the Red Cross Society as she thanked
th" delegation from the Produce Exchange.
They had marched into Red Cross head
quarters with banners, with music and
with shouting, and President Eppinger, '
after clearing his throat, had made a lit- <
tie speech, w.hieh ran about this way:
"Ladles of the Red Cross: On behalf,
of the San Francisco Produce Exchange '■
"5 present you with this token of friend-
for your cause In the hope God may
eed your good work. This was col- |
Produce Dealers Hoist the
Flag of the Crimson
Cross.
lected partly by members and from mem
bers of the Produce Exchange and part
ly from the generous public— the sum of
$2204."
He handed to Mrs. Harrington a check
for the amount. She thanked him brief- j
ly and feelingly.
The clamor, which, for a moment had
been stilled, broke forth anew. There
were three cheers for the Red Cross, three
for Dewey, three for the volunteers and
many more on general principles. The
noise must have been heard afar above
the rattle and roar of the streets. Hats
were waved in wild enthusiasm. The
ladies joined in the hurrahs, and in lieu
of hats to wave clapped their hands. The
happy, whole-souled gentlemen' went
their way. They had done good work,
had enjoyed the doing of it and added
to the fund by far the largest single do
nation.
How all this happened is not "another
story." but really the opening chapter of
the brief one which has been told. For
several days some members of the en
change had been speaking of the Red
Cress movement, but the exchange is a
busy place. Yesterday morning there
was a lull and Messrs. Cutter and Ger
berding took advantage of it to suggest
that a subscription be started. "Gentle
men " said one of these hopeful souls.
"I believe we could raise $1000 for the Red
Cross right here." and so without fur
ther debate it was undertaken. In just
half an hour the figure of 51400 was
reached. The act of every man who put
down his name was applauded. Any
member coming in unaware of what was
In progress was at once taken before the
caller, where the situation was mad*
clear to him. No one showed the least
Inclination to withhold his coin But the
spirit of generosity had seized the men.
Having Riven their money they elected to
give their time to getting money, from
t> The S 'happy thought of securing a band
was no sooner proposed than adopted.
While one went to get the band another
set a table on the pavement and the Ren
Cross, emblem of kindliness, was raised
over it. Boon a crowd had gathered.
Scouts were put out. and any man who
'"looked like money" was quickly piloted
to the table and the open subscription
list. Even the police caught the spirit
and pointed out such passers-by as they |
doomed likely subjects. Newsboys added
their mites and messenger-boys lagged
long enough to drop a coin for the cause.
Another happy thought. It was the
birthday of Queen victoria. \\ by not ,
serenade the London and San Francisco
Bank, which was Just opposite? So the I
band marched Into the bank, the ban
ners following, and there was played -
"God Save the Queen." a tune warranted |
for any climate, as it is as truly ,
"America." The gentlemen In the bank
were greatly pleased at the delicate at
tention The Institution had made a lib
oral subscription, but the president added
120 Then the band passed out and on,
the members of the exchange following
.md making other calls with equal l profit.
To them It was a holiday, for all the serl-
Pl m purpose underlying, and they w.ent :
always with laughter and jest.
. v ,- a little before 4 o'clock the line or;
m«v'eh was taken". up along Montgomery
in* Market, streets to the Claus Sprcckels
bulfllng Along the line people rushed to
th« windows expecting to see some more I
soWHers. They saw .instead a lot of •
civilian* following a band, and wondered
what was the cause of it. The civilians i
«*•>* H*u> the buUsUmc. up the. stair and ,
shortly after 11 o'clock, and by midnight
were at the mole. Every man is well and
fully equipped. The regiment is one of
the finest in the United States, and has its
horses, supplies and everything needed for
service. The Second Battalion arrived
soon after 1 o'clock this morning. Both
will move on the iirst boat this morning
to San Francisco.
Colonel A. L. Hawkins, in command, has
b^cn the commanding officer Cor nineteen
years, and is the senior colonel of the
State. At Battle Mountain, Nevada, yes
terday, he was notified of his nomination
for State Senator by the Republicans of
his district.
This is only an eight-company regiment,
but what they lack in numbers they make
up in their equipment and appearance.
The regimental officers are a.-s follows:
Colonel. A. L. Ilawk.ns: lieutenant colonel.
J. K. Barnett: adjutant. Lieutenant Harry
i: Duncan; major, Firsi Battalion. Harry C.
Cuthoertaon: battalion adjutant. Lieutenant O.
S. Scott: major. Second Battalion, Kverhart
Rierer: battalion adjutant. Lieutenant C. C.
Crowell; Quartermaster, Lieutenant E. B. Mc-
Cormlck; surgeon, M;ijor Georpe W. Neff; as
sistants. Lieutenant L. P. MeCormlck ar.d
Lieutenant John M. Coffin; chaplain, Cap
tain. Joseph L. Hunter: non-commissioned—
Itobert Anderson, commissary sergeant: John
Wentley, quartermaster; Clarence Rehor, ser
geant major, and R»t, > Hosier, drum rnaj >r.
Company A, Monong-ahela — Captain, Gu^tave
SohalT; first lieutenant. R. L. Tidball; second
paused breathless but still gay at the
sign of the Ked Cross. It was then the
brief cerr-mony of presentation occurred
as described iii the first part of this story,
which being the climax really ought to
ha v '■■■'.-.- aved f< >r th >. finale.
A Stnt.- organization of the Red Croaa
was formed yesterday morning at .1
meeting Of delegates from the different
organizations :r. California, held at the
Occidental Hotel.
The San Francisco delegation comprised
the following: Mrs. W. n. Harrington.
Mrs. J<Mm P. Mori-ill. Mrs. P. G. Sanborn.
Mr<. W. R. Smedberg, Colonel Parnell
and Adolph Mack.
ENTHUSIASTIC COLLECTORS FOR THE RED CROSS
The other delegates 'present wore: Mrs. '
Wakefleld Baker, SausaUto; Mrs. F. M.
Angellotti, San Rafael; Mrs. Charles A.
Baldwin, Ross Valley; Mrs. J. M. Grif
fith. I,os Anseles; Mrs. S. T. Fox, Red
wood City: Mrs. John Bake well, Mrs. J.
G. Lfmmoi) and Il'.I I . !'-. (Jinn. Oakland;
Mrs. Albert Elkus. Mrs. T. M. Hhoehan
and Miss Emily Thompson, .Sacramento;
Miss Marion Taylor. Mis;: Marcia Taylor
and Miss Janet nankin, Martinez; Mrs.
Frederick Slate and Mrs. M. Jaffe, Berke
ley
Mrs Ilarrlnpton. the president, called j
the meeting to order and introduced Ar
thur Mack to explain the jsluns of a State
organization.
Mr Mack suggested that as the State i
of California covered such a wide area
fifteen members would not be too many
to include on the State executive board,
and tin- flrrt Question to determine was
whether tlie board should include eleven :
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
Company B. New Brighton— Captain, Harry
J Watson; first -lieutenant. E. H. Corey; sec
ond lieutenant, E. H. Thomas. . .
Company C. Uniontown— Captain, Daniel
Bierer first lieutenant, Charles Howard: sec
ond lieutenant, Robert M. Wood.
Company I>. Connellsville— Captain. F. B
HRwkins; first lieutenant. H. A. Crow; second
lieutenant, A. J. Buttermore.
Company E, Mount Pleasant— Captain, J. A.
Loar; first lieutenant. James Harkens; second
lieutenant. J. G. Thompson.
Company H. "Washington— Captain. A. M.
Porter; first lieutenant. Blalne Aiken; second
lieutenant, W. B. Richie. we
Company I. Greenesburjj— Captain, vs. b.
Finney; first lieutenant. R. D. Laird; second
lieutenant, Kiehard Coulter Jr.
Company X, Way nesburg— T. S.
Craipo: first lieutenant, J. M. Wiley; second
lieutenant, G. L. Gordon.
At Sacramento they were nearly smoth
ered by the ladies and school children.
Thousands stayed at the depot here till
11 o'clock and then went away - dis
appointed. The men are highly gratified
over their trip, and the first question
asked was: "When are we going to get
away for Manila?" Guards were thrown
out "and orders were given that the men
should rest until 4:30, when the details to
! unload the baggage should be awakened
and begin their work.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
General Otis will within a day or two
establish his quarters at Camp Richmond.
or fifteen members. On motion by Mrs.
Griffith of I^'T. Angeles, seconded by ?.Irs.
Smedburg, fifteen members were decided
on.
Mr. Mack further said that the wr>rk
of the Red Cross Society of California
should be in accord with the constitution
and by-laws of the International confer
ence of Geneva and the same plan of work
be followed.
Mr. Mark offered a motion that the
executive board should be chosen with
. .\v to be called at short notice to act
upon emergency cases and therefore
should be selected from San Francisco
ami near-by points.
Those appointed on the executive board
were: Mrs. \V. B. Harrington, Mrs. L. L.
Dqnbar, Mrs. John Merrill, Mrs. Edwin
Dlmond, Mrs. Smedberx and Colonel Par
ncU. San Francisco; Mrs. J. M. Griffith.
Los Angeles; Mrs. Albert EJUnifi, Sacra
mento; Mr. 'Whitney Palaehe. Berkeley;
Mra S. A. O'Neill. Alameda; Mrs. Grah
ville Ali'.)o it and F. 15. Ginn, Oakland;
Mrs. Waki field Baker. Marin County.
Owing to the absence of delegates from
Santa Clara and San Joa'iuin counties
their places on the board were not filled.
After the formal State organization of
tho Ked Cross Society of California, an
auxiliary of the national society, Mrs.
Harrington was piven the presidency,
Mrs. Duiih.ir appointed secretary and
Mrs Edwin R. LMnsmore given the posi
tion of acting treasurer. W. E. Brown of
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank was made
treasurer.
The following honorary vice-presidents j
He had intended to do this at the very
first, but he has been kept so busy at
United States army headquarters that he
has not been able to change his location.
The members of his staff are constantly
employed in the inspection of the troops
at Camp Richmond. Considerable time is
required to do this work, as well as to
see that they are properly equipped.
Lieutenant-Colonel Cox, chief paymas
ter of the Department of California, has
received instructions to pay off the volun
teer troops. Congress has passed an act
appropriating money for this purpose, and
telegraphic Instructions are expected at
any moment to pay the troops.
Adjutant-General Barrett and his force
are kept busy with routine work at the
State militia headquarters in the Califor
nia Hotel. The proposed reorganization
of the California National Guard is under
consideration, but as yet nothing definite
has been determined upon.
THE VOLUNTEER SOLDIER.
Camp at Richmond Attracts
Hundreds of Visitors — Spacs
for Pennsylvania.
The volunteer soldiers from sister States
who are now in camp on the old Bay Dis
trict race track, are anxiously waiting for
the necessary equipments for the trip to
were appointed: First vice-president, Mrs.
Griffith of Los Angeles; second vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Albert Elkus of Sacramento
and Mrs. Abbott of Oakland, third vice
president.
It was resolved that the sense of this
meeting and these delegates of the Red
Cross Society of California shall adopt a
constitution and by-laws in harmony with
the constitution and by-laws of the na
tional society.
Notification will be given the different
local societies existing in other counties
that they are at liberty to equip the boys
before the regiments arrive at San Fran
cisco, but to avoid conflict with the State
board the latter should be apprised of
what aid the local societies would dis
pense, so as to not conflict with the prep
arations of the State board.
Colonel Parnell suggested that the
troops leaving for Manila on the three
transport boats be supplied with onions
as being a good article of diet. The pur
chasing committee was commanded by
the president to buy a large quantity of
them and have them immediately trans
ferred in equal quantities to the City of
Peking, Australia and City of Sydney
The Needlework Guild has * donated
to the Red Cross 4234 handkerchiefs and
towels as an extra emergency call.
As the Oregon troops have no regi
mental fund they have appealed to the
Ked Cross Society to give them 25 cents
each, the money to be placed in the
hands of the surgeon in charge and by
him expended for what will be mostly
needed at Manila.
The society will supply the necessary
fund this atternoon and they will b«
reimbursed by the Oregon society later.
The fund collected by the society now
aggregates about $25.0u0. Subscriptions
are being received in a most gratifying
manner and ilie soldiers are loud in their
words of appreciation for the kindnesses
the ladies of the organization are extend
ing toward them. The following letter
was received yesterday from the Oregon
troops:
'■PRESIDIO CAMP, May 24 IS9B.
"To the Citizens of San Francisco, Cal.
The officers and men of the Second Or
egon Volunteers, United States army, ap
preciating the kind and courteous treat
ment received at the hands of the city,
and especially the ladies of the
Red Cross Society of California, desire to
express our hearty thanks to you all. The
sunshine of your kindness will always re
main a bright spot in the memory of the
Wfbfoot troops.
"COLONEL G. SUMMERS.
"Commanding Second Oregon Volunteers,
United States Army."
The California Club, a ladles' social or
ganization, has decided to change the
tone of its reception that was to be held I
on Saturday to a sewing bee. All th«
mcnilier.i of the society are asked to be
present and brinp their sewing appliances
with them. Special attention will be
given to making abdominal bandages and ;
gowns for use in hospitals.
A musical reception will be given by
Mrs. Elenore Martin at her residence. 2030 I
Broadway, on Saturday for the benetlt i
of the Red, Cross.
The Native Daughters' Red Cross So
ciety is doing excellent work in the matter
of entertaining troops on their arrival
here. Yesterday a committee of native
daughters, whose names could not be as
certained, delivered at the ferry head
quarters 6000 sandwiches, four boxes of
oranges, a vast (juantity of \>-al and pork
and dozens of cakes and pies. The con
tribution was a timely one, and was
thankfully received.
A telegram was received to-day at the
headquartt-rs in the Clans Spreckels
building announcing that the Oregon
mothers and daughters desired to aid -the
society in its work here. As an earnest
of their intentions the telegram stated
that a sufficient number of caps and ban
dagefl for the Oregon volunteers was now
in transit to this city. The supplies will
be distributed as directed on their arrival
here.
A communication wns received from a
delegation of the California volunteers ex
pressing their deepest thanks to the ladies
of the First Presbyterian Church for the
excellent luncheon prepared by them for
the boys yesterday prior to their em
barkment.
The children of the Deaf, Dumb and
Blind Asylum of Oakland sent a great
many bouquetß of Rowers to the ferry
headquarters, with the request that they
br distributed among the troops on their
arrival. Each bouquet bore the name of
the donor, a touching tribute to
the gallent defenders of the nation's flag.
The Colorado band went to the ferry
to-day and serenaded the ladies of the
lied Cross. It is proposed to furnish the
ladiea with music every day until the ar
rival and departure of the troops becomes
a matter of history.
A musical benefit will be tendered the
society at the residence of Mrs. Frederick
Kelcher, 1143 Myrtle street, Oakland, next
Thursday afternoon. The admission will
be r>o cents, and a large attendance is in
si.i cd.
Cireenbaum, "Weil & Michels, manufac
ture? of gentlemen's clothing, and their
employes made a generous offer to the
Red Cross Society yesterday. The em
ployes offered to give one day's work to
the Kood cause and the proprietors decid
ed to turn over the factory for the day to
the society. There are over 200 sewing
machines that are operated by power in
the building. ai:d in the letter from the
iirm and its employes it was suggested
that the material for the bandages and
for the other articles that it was proposed
to send to the soldiers be taken there and
the goods would be manufactured.
Annoyance has been caused by bogus
solicitors-, posing as representatives of the
Red Cross. Every person authorized to
represent the society is provided with cre
dentials so specific that there can be no
nn.s:;iko. la case the slightest reason
for doubt arise the headquarters of the
society in the Spreckels building are eas
ily reached, and there donations may be
made direct.
Loyal Rebeknh Lodge of the Independ
ent t)rder of Odd Fellows at its meeting
last Monday night decided to distribute
lunches to the soldiers at Camp Rich
mond The lodge appointed an active
committee and in a short time it col
lected the sum of %ia from the member
shiu for the purpose named. The mem
bera will be at the hall of the lodge In
thp' Odd Fellows' building and will re
ceive from 1" o'clock in the morning until
' o'clock in the afternoon this week, do
nations of money and provisions to help
them carry out the idea of furnishing
such lunches.
The Pacific Heights School supplied the
luncheons which were served yesterday to
the soldiers who are about to go to
Manila Twelve hundred appetizing.
hearty lunches were provided by the
"•iris and hoys, who enjoyed the prepara
tions and packing as much as though
they themselves were to open the well
filled bundles and feast upon their con
tems at another sort of picnic than this
M-uiPa one is likely to be. A pretty fea
ture of the affair was tho bountiful pro
vision of flowers which accompanied
every one of the 12*0 lunches, adding
much to the pleasure of the recipients
and to the «race of the gift.
the Philippine Islands. While the Govern
ment may be said to be somewhat slow in
outfitting the regiments, the same cannot
be said of the officers and those under
tnelr command. From sunrise to sunset
the men are drilling, and notwithstanding
the fact that many of them are raw re- <
emits, they are now well up in military
tactics.
In some of the regiments the men are
poorly clad, but they expect with the end
of each day that the morrow will bring
them their outfits. While not a few of
the recruits are in need of clothing to
keep them warm when the wind from the
ocean sweeps over the camp ground, there
is no grumbling or complaining. The tire
of patriotism and love of country keeps
them warm.
The soldier boys, instead of complain
ing, are singing the praises of the hospi
tality of the people of San Francisco. The
several camps are visited daily by thou
sands of people, and each visitor brings
some little comfort to the men who are
many miles away frum their homes and
loved ones. The visitor may be a httie
school child with a pie— "not such as
mother baked I'—but1 '— but the pie, although not
baked by mother, is as well appreciated,
for it is accepted in the spirit it is given.
The camp ground is an attraction for
the school children. Instead of spending
their nickels and dimes on candy or cakes,
as they have done in the past, they now
harbor them up until they reach the city
of white tents that has suddenly grown
up on the site where thousands of dollars
have been won and again lost on the
"ponies." Outside the camp grounds are
many hucksters of fruit. They fire reap
ing a harvest. The school boy or girl with
a nickel to spare, and there are' many of
them, indulges in the luxury of a dozen
of oranges and feels as proud as Admiral
Dewey when distributing them among
the boys in blue.
The site for the camping ground of the
Pennsylvania troops was selected yester
day. They will be given the square to
the west of that occupied by the Kansas
Volunteers.
It is now generally believed by the com
manders of the different regiments that
none of them will be able to get away be
fore the first week in June. The Colo
rado and Minnesota regiments are ready
to leave on twelve hours' notice, and it is
probable that they will be the first to fol
low the California and Oregon Volunteers
to the Philippines.
RACING FOR RED CROSS.
A Fine Card of Running Events
to Be Decided at Oak
land.
The following card of running events !
will be decided on Red Cross day, Friday. j
May 27. at the. Oakland race track under j
the combined auspices of the California
and Pacific Coast Jockey Clubs:
First race, selling; purse $300. of which
$50 to second and $25 to third; for four
year-olds and upward; for beaten non- i
winners this year; five pounds below the \
scale; beaten non-winners since October I
31 allowed five pounds; each to be entered ,
to bo sold for $200; five and a half fur- j
longs.
Second race: purse $300, of which $50 to ■
second and $23 to third; for two-year-olds j
that have not won more than one race; j
five pounds below the scale; maiden that i
have been beaten five pounds; if beaten i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-§/ And Consider the AH=lmportant Fact ,<, jg
s£y j|ij That in addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are confiding Jgv
*^) &£s§* y our private ills to a woman — a woman whose experi- (m£
■«^* fg&MI ence in treating woman's diseases is 7w**
Jlfii^ /^i^IS&L greater than that of any living phy- JLJv,
***H !sfl®&r J&li&9B&B$%&& sician — male or female. ff*j^
*^T ffflr S^^^^lll You can talk f reel > to a woman (Q*
3 Bilk H»1? V IF* when it is revolting to relate your j£*s
"\j** fl§i!pL *b 1 private troubles to a man — besides, a fp£
-<J:"ii llililW.^'x. A man does not understand — simply be- jfcJ*"
J^) >^y^^®!f^S\ I^*^^! cause he is a man. -S^V
**^% /(?--^^yl\ *^AT V^fec\ Many women suffer in Q£*~
/ \)/^^\^ TO> >;^A^^|} silence and drift along from «»•
5^ U ) ) /7/ M » ffs. TIT \\\ ' bad to worse, knowing full Cjk
\\XjP iimv/V-ov /r* y/x well that they ought to &s
"9s \ i^^^k //n^x^Jj \ have immediate assist - ©**
'^^^^^I^TO B^ I'^1 '^ themselves to the questions 2?L
"*&*> M \sN and Probably examinations (f^
4^ /^^J^^^^S^^v )^ °* eVen the family P h > Tsi " $w3*
<I Xj% w/fr^Pr^^ Without money or price you (?p£*
-*^3k y //^O--^wlL-\ V^-//^M can consu l t a woman
ISS f ft I^)^ cept it in the same Sfcv
"Sg-" ' I MRS. PINKHAM'S -.** ».
"^ ''- STANDING INVITATION; Sg,.
•<Qe Women suffering from any form of female weakness are invited ~~s>-
to promptly communicate with Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass. All -Qj.
55 letters are received, opened, read and answered by women only. A Igs
**^|| woman can freely talk of her private illness to a woman ; thus has (Sk
**©( been established the eternal confidence between Mrs. Pinkham and _ g^
•<^¥ the women of America which has never been broken. Out of the |Q*
J?Q vast volume of experience which she has to draw from, it is more -jfs>
"%Q than possible that she has gained the very knowledge that will help |p^
"*w| your case. She asks nothing in return except your good-will, and
•«@r r her advice has relieved thousands. Surely any woman, rich oi» %^"
o<^M poor, is very foolish if she does not take advantage of this generous S^>.
>^P offer of assistance. ''-'.. !S>
■ - • - % " • &"
"9j Lydia E. , Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
••Ok A Woman's Remedy for Woman ills. . dg|
three or more times ten pounds; five fur
longs.
Third race, selling; purse $300, of which
$50 to second and $25 to third; for three
year-olds that have not won more than
one race since October 31; five pounds be
low the scale; beaten non-winners since
that date allowed 1 seven pounds; maidens
five pounds additional; each to be entered
to be sold for $300: six furlongs.
Fourth race, soiling; purse $:iOO. of which |
$50 to second and $25 to third; for three- i
year-olds and upward that have not won i
more than two races since October 31;
weight ten pounds below the scale; l>eaten
non-winners since that date if three-year
olds allowed five pounds; if four and over
ten pounds; one mile and a sixteenth.
Fifth race selling: purse $300. of which ;
$50 to second and ?25 to third; for three- j
year-olds and upward; three year-olds to
carry 105 pounds; four and over JI.T
pounds each to be entered to be sold for
$300; six furlongs.
The War Department Gratified, j
WASHINGTON, May 24.— A utepatch
was received by Adjutant General Corbfn
late this afternoon from Major General
Otis at San Francisco, which conveyed to
the War Department very gratifying in- j
formation. The dispatch is as follows:
The steamer Sydney, with the troops on !
board and prepared to sail. Is anchored in the !
bay beside the City of Peking. The Australia
is loaded and expected to leave her dock at 4
o'clock this afternoon and anchor In the bay.
I am not sufficiently Informed when the Pe
king: will complete loading naval stores, but
understand that It will be this evening. The.
hour of departure of the three vessels depends
upon the naval authorities. The strength of
General Anderson's command Is 117 officers and
23m; enlisted men. The navy contingent con
sists of 11 officers and 76 enlisted men. Total
for the three vessels. 128 officers and 2458 en
listed men.
The Loyal Legion.
The annual meeting for the election of
officers of the military order of Lie
Loyal Legion, of Cal
ifornia, will be held at the Occiden
tal Hotel this evening. It is expected that
Colonel John C. Currier, senior vice-com
mander, will be elected commander. Ad
miral Miller will probably be chosen as
senior vice-commander.
The banquet following the regular meet
ing promises to be a patriotic event. Gen
erals Merriam, Otis, and other army offi
cers of distinction will attend.
Patriotic School Children.
A crowded house with a most enthu
siastic audience of the children of the
James Lick Grammar School assembled
in Duvenick's Hall on Twenty-fourth and
Church streets last night for the purpose
of aiding the Red Cross funds. The little
patriots of the ninth grade conceived the
idea of doing something to asist their big
brothers who have left their homes to
fight for the honor of Old Glory and. their
native soil.
The young folks made out a programme
and asked their principal, Philip Prior, to
preside at the entertainment. The hall
was crowded to the doors with the happy
children of the school and their friends.
Those who took part in the performance
were: Miss Susie Parrlsh, Miss Bessie
Hickox, boys of Excelsior Club, Miss
Georgie Smith, A. Dowling, J. Driscoll, K.
Hewelcke, Mrs. Newbegin, Miss Cyretta
Jones, Miss Violet Smith, Thomas Eggert,
Robert J. Aitken, Miss Oveta Leathe. th«
Misses Judson, Miss Pearl Drysen, F.
Harmin and H. Bruce.
Alameda Red Cross Society.
ALAMEPA, May 24.— The officers of the
Red Cross Society met la.«t evening at
the home of Mrs. Mastlck, the president.
The city was districted for collections.
The members of the society w| U begin
soliciting money and donations as soon as
th-ir credential cards are ready. A com
mittee, consisting of D. J. Sullivan, Mrs.
S. A. O'Neil. Mrs. M< Gum and Mrs. Mas
tick, was appointed to secure the small
subscriptions from the school children.
The executive committep appointed was
Mrs. O'Neil, Miss Bennett, Mrs. George E.
IMummrr. Mrs. I-rank Otis and Mlsa
Mollie Kane. A largo number of dona
tions of money and flannel have been re
ceived, and a great many more have
pledged themselves to donate money.
WAR INCIDENTS.
The manager of the Del Monte Mills, on
the corner of Brannan and Second streets.
was the recipient of a drubbing 1 at the
hands of one of his men on Monday after
noon because he refused to allow the boy*
j In the mill to look out of the windows and
| wave their good-bys to the soldiers of tha
First Regiment. When the men made a
request that they be allowed a few min
utes to see the troops pass It was denied.
j Feeling that this action from the manage
ment of a mill which had received a large
Government order was unpatriotic in the
extreme, the meji decided to take things
into their own hands and bid the soldier
boys adieu in spite of the manager. They
went to the windows, and when the man
ager became abusive one of the men
promptly knocked him down and taught
him a little patriotism.
Military censorship of telegrams did not
suppress the following correspondence by
cable:
San Francisco, May 24, 1893.
Sir Henry Irving, Lyceum Theater, Lon
don, England: Stars and stripes and
union jack intertwined.
BOHEMIAN CLUB.
London. May 24, 1898.
Bohemian Club, San Francisco: I,ov€
and greeting. We shall coal together.
HENRY IRVING.
Patriotic ladles have been much exer
cised by the reports of the sufferings of
encamped regiments. The California
Club members visited the Kansas boys
yesterday, and as a result have decided
to provide them with fresh meat and 1000
bandages, even if they have to hold a
sewing-bee to make the latter. Mrs. Addle
' Ballou and Miss White called on the
! Sixth Regiment and were Impressed by
j the poor quality of bread found in the
! rations. They secured some big consign
i ments of fresh meat and are now crusad
: ing to supply the men with other com
! forts.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Commercial Travelers' Association at the
Alcazar building last night, it was de
! cided to remit dues of all members Join
ing the army or navy for active service.
I Twenty dollars was donated to the Red
Cross "Society, and a committee of the
j whole was appointed to procure dona
| tions for the society, to be storod at the
place of business of George Savage of the
■ Savage Tea Company at 105 Market
i street, which has been kindly placed at
the disposal of the association for that
purpose.
34
UTAH CAVALRY
EN ROUTE TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Mounted Warriors Given
an Ovation on Departing
From Salt Lake.
Thirty-Six Thousand Volunteers
Are Now Under Tents at the
Chickamauga Camp.
SALT LAKE, May 24.— Utah's troop
61 volunteer cavalry, under command
of Captain Calne, left Salt Lake late
this afternoon for San Francisco. It is
echeduled to arrive at that city on
"Wednesday evening. The troopers were
escorted to their train by the Utah Na
tional Guard and the Union and Con
federate veterans. Practically the en
tire population of Salt Lake turned out
to see the soldiers depart. The volun
teers* train consists of four passenger
coaches, seven stock cars and two bag
gage cars.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL, PARK
(Ga,). May 24. — There are now 36,000
men of the volunteer army under tents
at this point, and the officers of the
army expect that by Saturday night
there -will be 44,000.
The Third Tennessee Regiment, the
first distinctively Southern troops to
reach the park, arrived to-day, under
command of Colonel H. P. Fyffe, 1005
officers and men. The First Vermont
Regiment arrived at about 8 o'clock,
twelve companies, 1027 officers and men,
under command of Colonel O. D. Clark.
These regiments were assigned to the
First Brigade of the First Division of
the Third Corps. The division will be
completed by the Eighth New York,
■which will arrive to-morrow. The di
vision as far as perfected is as follows:
First brigade, commanded by Colonel
Fred D. Grant, provisional brigadier;
Fourteenth New York, Fifth Mary
land and First Missouri.
Second brigade. Colonel E. C. Hardin,
Second New York, commanding, Sec
ond New York, Second Nebraska and
First District of Columbia.
Third brigade, commanding officer to
be assigned; Third Tennessee, First
Vermont and Eighth New York.
Tuesday at the park was unmarked
by any incident except the battle drill
of the first division of the First Corps.
The movement was under command of
General Wilson, and the men were put
through the exercises in a very thor
ough manner. The regiments of the
division have been in camp long
enough to become somewhat inured to
the climate, as well as to work accu
rately and with remarkable precision.
General Breckinrtdge and staff con
tinued the inspection of the divisions
Of the First Corps in detail. H<? found
the hospital facilities still inadequate,
but fortunately there are very few
Eick and they are being cared for at
St. Vincent Hospital of the .Sisters of
Charity.
General Breckinrldgre to-day gave or
ders for a sham battle for inspection
to-morrow morning-. The first two bri
gades of the First Division of the First
Corps will attack the Third Brigade
entrenched on Snodgrass Hill, the at
tacking brigades to he in command of
General Wilson, and the defenders un
der command of their brigade com
mander.
General Brorkinridge said to-night
he would be unable to complete his in
spection at as early a date as he
expected. Only a small percentage of
the men had been equipped and pre
pared for war. but his work was pro
gressing as rapidly as possible. Gen
eral Erorkinri.lge thinks that in view
of the fact that almost every regiment
In camp had to be equipped almost
completely the progress made was re
markable.
The work of unloading ama storing
forty-nine cars of provisions which ar
rived yesterday and last night was
completed to-day. The Quartermas
ter's Department has receive^ $295,000
worth of provisions/for the volunteers.
The value of the clothing and equip
ments already received is almost as
much. The Quartermaster's Depart
ment Is doing remarkably well in its
work for caring for the 36.000 men now
In camp.
NEW ORLEANS, May 24.— The
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Regi
ments of Infantry and the Fifth Regi
ment of Cavalry, which have been in
camp at the Fair grounds, will leave
this afternoon, the former regiment for
the Philippines, via Ran Francisco, and
the latter for Mobile. The Eighteenth
and Twenty-third regiments are 1220
Btrong, and the cavalry numbers 612
The cavalry will go to Mobile in four
transports. The departure of these
regiments will deplete the force of
regulars which have been stationed
here.
BUTTE, Mont., May 24.— Butte'a
cavalry troop. Captain Stivers, accom
panied by the Missoula troop. Captain
Hlggins, left here to-day for Chicka-
mauga.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Reports to
Adjutant- General Corbin from the
State camps, show that 112.000 men
have been mustered into the Volunteer
Army.
NEW YORK. May 24.— A company of
engineers under Captain L.andford left
Willetts Point this morning for San
Francisco to join General Merrltt.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— 12,000
troops now at Camp Alger were to
day organized by General Graham in
to three brigades, the ranking colonels
being named as brigadier-generals.
The lieutenant-colonels will be in com
mand of those regiments whose colo
nels are promoted to be brigade com
manders. The only new troops in camp
to-day are the two New York Cavalry
Troops A and C, and the One Hundred
and Fifty-ninth Indiana, all of which
arrived last night, but did not go into
camp until this morning.
Captain A. H. Lee of the Royal Artil
lery, who is the representative of the
British army delegated to study the
movements, of the United States troops
visited the camp to-daV. He has ju"*t
arrived In Washington from Tampa.
NOMINATIONS FOR
PLACES IN THE ARMY.
President McKinley Sends to the
Senate a Large List of
Appointments.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The Pres
ident to-day sent the following: nomina
tions to the Senate:
War: Appointment* In the Signal Corp»—
To be colonel. Lieutenant Henry C. Dun woody,
Elrnal Corp*. V. 8. A. ; to be lieutenant colo
nel. James Allen, Signal Corps, U. B. A.
Captain* to be major*— Richard P. Strong,
Fourth Artillery; George P. Scriven, Signal
Corps; "William A. Ola»«for«l. Signal Corps.
Viral lieutenants to be majors— jr. E. Af^ x ; '
[ field, Frank Green, Samuel R. Eber, Signal
Corps, and E. O. Fechel of Michigan, civilian.
To be captains— First Lieutenant George
Squire, Third Artillery; First Lieutenant Eu
gene T. Wilson, Third Artillery; Second Lieu
tenant J. E. Brady. Nineteenth Tifa-"~ !"»»♦•«
A. Nesmlth of California; John W. McConaell
To be first lieutenants— Leonard B. Wild
man of Connecticut; J. J. Ryan of Texas; Will
iam F. lingers of Connecticut: Norman Camp
of Ohio; Richard Rick wards of Illinois; Julian
P. Wooten of Georgia.
To be second lieutenants— Walter I* Clark.
first eerxeant Signal Corps; James F. Steela,
first sergeant Signal Corps; Basil O. Lenolr,
Meant Signal Corps; James B. McLaughlin,
cant Slgmal Corps; George C. Durnell, ser
it Signal Corps; William F. Talbott, ser
if Signal Corps; Charles H. Gordon of Ctl
lla; M. Joudd of Minnesota; William W.
Colt of Illinois.
State— P. Morrill Griffith of Ohio, to be Con
sul at Matamoras, Mexico.
Justice— Pewey C. Bailey, to be United States
Marshal, District of Colorado.
War, Subsistence Department— Lieutenant
Colonel Charleß Albert Woodruff, to be assist
ant commissary peneral of subsistence, with
rank of colonel ; Henry G. 6harpe, to be as
sistant commissary general of subsistence,
with rank of lieutenant colonel.
Corps of engineers — Major Charles W. Ray
mond, to be lieutenant colonel; Captain Will
iam M. Black, to b« major: First Lieutenant
Mason Mathews Patrick, to b« captain; Second
Cenant George P. Howell, to be first lleu-
Iliery— Captain Seldon M. Zenl, First A
f, to be major; First Lieutenant E. .
or Jr., to be captain; Second Lleutenan
Thomas B. Lamcreaux. Fourth Artillery, to 1
first lieutenant.
Cavalry— Second Lieutenant Edwin B
Wlnans Jr.. Fifth Cavalry, to be first lieu
tenant: Captain Edward Goodwin. Eighth Ca\
airy, to be colonel for Seventh Regimen
United States Volunteers, Infantry; Major El
Hugglns. Sixth Cavalry. to be colonel o
Eighth Regiment. United States Volunteers
Infantry; A. S. Reeves of Tennessee, to b
lieutenant colonel of Third Regiment of Unlte<
States Volunteer Infantry.
To be assistant quartermaster, with rank o
captain— Giles H. Mendln, Charles B. Worth
lngton of lowa.
To be commissaries of subsistence, with ran
of captain — Eben B. Fenton of Michigan: Mar
tin M. Marshall of Iowa; Robert H. Beckham
of Texas.
A larg;p number of nominations In th
army and navy were confirmed by th
Senate to-day. Including the following
To be chief surgeons, with the rank" of ma
Jor: Clayton Parkhlll. Colorado; Robert
Cardwell. ' >r<'t- m
To be first lieutenant in the signal corps
Philip J. Perkins, California.
To be additional paymaster: 'William B
Schnflel'i. California.
Also Frank E. Jordan, to be Postmaster a
Jerome, Ariz.
THIRTY THOUSAND
RIFLES FOR CUBANS.
Large Supply of Arms and Ammu-
nition Taken on the Steam
ship Florida.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Official In
formation has been received at the Cu
ban legation in this city of the sailing
j last Wednesday from Tampa of the
first importunt expedition of native Cu
bans. The expedition, which sailed on
the steamer Florida, was organized
and commanded by General Jose Mor
let, whose preliminary report, sent as
the ship sailed, has just been received
here.
This report states that General Mor
1 let has Improved the opportunity to re
cruit about 400 men v almost all of whom
have seen service under Gomez, Maceo
j and Garcia, Every one of them knows
the island from one end to the other,
and is possessed of Information re
garding the Spanish fortifications and
camps. "With the expedition under
General Morlet is no less a person than
General Julio Sanguilly, whose release
! was wrung from "VVeyler during the
Cleveland administration.
The expedition was far more lmpor
! tant than the number of men taken
! along would Indicate. The Florida car
j ried a warlike cargo. In the hold were
j piles of bonces holding no less than 30,
. 000 Springfield rifles, with enooigh am
i munition of the right caliber to make
them effective. There were also rapid
, fire guns of the Hotchkiss type for the
insurgent artillery forces, with plenty
of shells. These arms will enable Gen
[ eral Garcia, for whom they are des
tined, to not only equip 30,000 additional
troops, but to supply his own men with
the ammunition of which they have
been In such urgent need. He will also
be able to form and equip several bat
teries of light artillery with rapid-fire
guns — a weapon which has always
proven effective in the hands of the
insurgents.
Besides the large consignment of j
guns and ammunition, the Florida car
ried supplies of food, clothing and med
icine far the insurgent army. There
ar<> also seventy-five mules for the
formation of pack trains to transport !
the supplies from the coast.
HARBOR OF SAN DIEGO
PROTECTED BY MINES
Work of Planting Explosives Com-
pleted by Lieutenant Mey
ler's Force.
SAN DIEGO, May 24.— Lieutenant
Meyler, U. S. A., who has been entrust
ed with the work of planting the mines
in San Diego harbor, announced to
night that the work had been complet
ed. The exact number of mines will
not be made public, but it is known that
there are enough to blow an entire fleet
Into driftwood. The entire channel is
protected.
It is expected that a small steamer
to be used for patrol duty will come
from San Francisco soon. Until ar
rangements are perfected for maintain
ing the patrol in the usual manner,
Lieutenant Meyler has adopted tempo
rary rules that will be no Jess effective.
Sentinels will be plated in boats beyond
the mines with instructions to warn
incoming vessels, and a 12-pound brass
gun now mounted at Ballast Point will
back up the men in their warning. Any
incoming or outgoing vessel violating
the rules adopted by the War Depart
ment respecting this harbor will be
brcmght to by a shot across her bows.
Vote against the new charter be
cause the new provisions in relation
to the Police Courts are unwise and
pernicious.
Steamer Uklah will accompany the volunteer
fleet to the heads.'' Tickets on Bale at Tlburon
ferry, foot of Market . street, couple of hours
before fleet sail*. Fare 60 cent*. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
IN HOURLY EXPECTATION
OF A GREAT BATTLE
Continued from First Page.
expedition,- which culminated in the
great battle of May 1. Before Spanish
re-enforcements can reach the islands
| the formidable coast defender Monterey
I will have arrived in the harbor of Man
ila, and will be closely followed by a
large number of regular and volunteer
j American troops.
The War Department to-day has
taken up vigorously the question of
transporting troops to Manila, and if
further difficulty is experienced in
chartering vessels for that purpose the
right of eminent domain will be exer
cised, and such vessels as are needed j
will be forcibly pressed into service, j
The department is especially anxious to j
secure the Tacoma. and Victoria of the
! Northern Pacific Company, and nego- |
! tiations suspended a few days ago have
been resumed for the charter of the
Ohio and Conemaugh of the Red Star
line. A proposition has been made to
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
for the chartering of the China and
Colon, and a counter proposition mak- j
ing the engagement contingent upon I
the granting of an American registry
to these vessels is being considered.
Reports have been received upon sev
eral vessels of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company and the White Star line,
and it is probable that ships of both
companies will be chartered. The de
partment is disposed to treat the steam
ship companies as liberally as possible,
but will resent any attempt to take ad
vantage of the Government's necessi
ties.
FUND FOR SURVIVORS
OF THE WRECKED MAINE
Washington Women Raise a Large
Sum for the Wounded and Fam
ilies of the Dead.
NEW YORK, May 24.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Since the
war began the Maine disaster, which
was its immediate cause, has rather
dropped out of sight; but there is a lit
tle band of women in this city which
i In a substantial way has done much to
relieve the sufferings of the survivors
and the families of the men who were
killed in Havana harbor. This band
consists of Mrs. Long, wife of the Sec
retary of the Navy; Mrs. A. I. Crownin
shleld, Mrs. Edwin Stewart, Mrs. Rich
andson Clover, Mrs. Charles O'Ne-il,
Mrs. W. K. Van Eyssen, Mrs. Charles
Hey wood, Mrs. S. ('. Lamp and Miss
Benham, daughter of Rear Admiral
Benham, retired.
As a result of their efforts, 527,767 has
been collected and $10,000 disbursed. |
The wounded survivors were cared for j
in hospitals and in advance of the ac- I
tion taken by Congress allotments were j
made to meet the expenses of families i
of the killed in the catastrophe. It is I
proposed to continue these allotments
each month as long as the fund lasts.
PLANTING VEGETABLES
TO SUPPLY HAVANA
Gardens Seeded in the Neighborhood
of the City as an Offset to
Famine's Spread.
I O'TyriphtPd, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, May 24.— Efforts are being
! made by the authorities to provide an
adequate supply of food for residents
; of the city and the soldiers, provisions
' having become scarce since importa
; tions from the United States ceased.
I Sweet potatoes, yams and other roots
' and vegetables are being planted in
■ large quantities in the neighborhood of
the city. Owing to the recent rains it
is the hope and belief that the crops
1 gathered fro-m this source will be suffi
cient for the necessities of Havana.
The Norwegian steamer Bratsburg 1 ,
! which left Sagua last Friday, took off
forty passengers, most of them Amer
: leans.
Three American warships were tak
ing soundings off Bahla Honda yester
day, and on Sunday they were seen off
there exchanging signals.
ACTIVITY IN THE
NORFOLK NAVY YARD
A Shipload of Projectiles for Fifteen-
Inch Guns Sent to Key
West.
NORFOLK, Va., May 24.— The Ar
menia, loaded with projectiles for 15
inch guns, left the navy yard to-day
for Key West. She was accompanied
by the torpedo-boat McKee.
The German ship Rhaetia was trans
ferred to the Government to-day.
Calkers have been put to work on the
Newark. She Is being pushed rapidly
and will be ready for departure in a
short time.
Vote against the new charter be
cause no provision is made for regis
i tering voters for the municipal elec
j tions to be hold under the charter.
A SPANISH CONSUL IN QUEST OF DISPATCHES.
He Must Furnish Proof of Reasonable Probability
of Contraband Communications on the
Adula Before Searching
That Steamer.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 24.— The Spanish Consul here, acting un
der the neutrality proclamation, asks the official colonial authorities
for the right to search the steamer Adula when she arrives from
Clenfuegos to-morrow with Americans or any other persons who may
have taken advantage of her to leave that city. He is in search of dis
patches from the American blockading fleet to the Navy Department
and of communlcationa from spies. He avers that on her previous
trip from Cienfuegos the Adula brought mall from the United States
cruiser Marblehead, and he cites the British neutrality laws declaring
that official dispatches are contraband.
The colonial authorities, after inquiry, replied that no proof existed
of official dispatches from the Marblehead, but only of personal letters
of officers and men which were accepted as an act of courtesy for mail
ing here.
The Spanish Consul, persisting in his demand for the privilege to
search all packages sealed or unsealed, and the persons of the passen
gers, the Colonial Government replied that such a thing could not be
allowed -without proof of reasonable probability. The colonial author
ities are understood to have inquired of London for advice. They are
reluctant to do anything displeasing to the United States, but are de
termined to enforce neutrality.
ADMIRALS TO
HAVE CHARGE OF
THE CAMPAIGN
Administratioo Decides to Mal^e
the Strategic Board Merely
Advisory.
CALL OFFICE, RIGGS HOUSE, WASHINGTON, May 24.— The
administration has decided that there must be a change in the method
of conducting n val campaigns. The plan now under consideration
and the one that probably will be adopted is to give the admiral of
the fleet control. The present naval war board will be retained as an
advisory board simply.
This is learned from an officer of high authority, in whose word
the greatest confidence may be placed. It may be stated with positive
ness that the new plan will be adopted within a few days. There will
'be no sweeping and theatrical overhauling of the board. As the au
thority mentioned stated:
"The administration has learned by experience that the methods
heretofore used are not suited to the work to be done, and quietly,
without blaming any one, there will be changes."
This will be welcome intelligence to the public at large, which has
had to submit to the petty tyranny and overbearing manner of Cap
tain Crowninshield, chief of the Bureau of Navigation, who is rude
and offensive.
MISS MAUER
AND HER AX
Malicious Destruction of
Works of Art.
—
ASSAULT ON THE CUPIDS 1
OMAHA EXPOSITION STATUARY
IS DEMOLISHED.
The Queer Act of a Lieutenant of the
Salvation Army, and She Says
She Is Proud
of It.
OMAHA, May 24.— Dorothy Mauer, a
Salvation Army lieutenant, was arrest
ed on the exposition grounds at mid- |
night for malicious destruction of prop
erty. She was caught in the act of
chopping to pieces with an ax several
groups of Cupids which ornament the
Fine Arts buiidlng of the exposition.
She also tried her weapon on several
costly pieces of statuary, whose style j
of beauty she did not like. She con- j
siders herself a martyr to her convic- J
tions. Miss Mauer risked her life to j
accomplish her mission of destruction. !
She climbed upon the Fine Arts build
ing and hung over the court of honor
while engaged in her self-appointed |
task. Had the frail fretwork to j
which she was clinging given way she j
would have been precipitated fifty j
feet to the stone pavement below.
When taken to the station Miss Mauer
seemed rather proud of her perform
ance. She said she had accomplished ;
her purpose and was satisfied. The j
charge of malicious destruction of
property was placed against her.
This morning her friends furnished
bonds and she was released. She was
not at all averse to talking of the mat
ter. "Sunday afternoon I was at the
exposition holding religious services,"
said she, "for I am a lieutenant in the
Salvation Army I was horrified at
the offensive pl«tures presented by the
groups of nude figures in the front
grounds. I thereuopn registered a vow
that with God's help I would at least
destroy some of the dreadful pictures
of the human being exposed to the
gaze of Innocent young girls and boys."
The groups of statuary are utterly
ruined, the pieces being scattered all
over the building. Workmen gathered
up several bushels of arms, legs and
other parts of pretty figures.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 1 of article 7, chapter 1,
empowers the Board of Education to
discontinue public schools. This pro
vides a way for dismissing teachers
and recreating their places.
The Oregon at Jupiter, Fla.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 24.— A special
to the Constitution reports the safe ar
rival of the United States battleship
Oregon at Jupiter, Fla.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it authorizes the engineer of
the Board of Public Works to collect
fees to be fixed by the board and pay
them into any fund the latter may
designate. This is a remarkable and
dangerous grant of power.
ALUMNI DAY
AT STANFORD
Officers Chosen by the
Association.
WHITTIER ITS PRESIDENT.
TAX ON COLLEGE PBOPERTY
DENOUNCED.
Friends of the University Urged to
Labor to Remedy Existing
Conditions by Legisla
tive Enactment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 24.
— This was alumni day. Exercises were
held in the chapel, at which officers
were elected for the ensuing year and
an important resolution passed, as fol
lows:
WhPreas, by the provisions of our State
constitution our university Is paying and
is compelled to pay taxes on all Its prop
erty, and accordingly its resources and
usefulness are Just bo far lessened, while
In other States liberal exemptions of the
property of like Institutions, which are
used for educational purposes, are made,
and Buch Institutions are encouraged
and aided rather than crippled; and
whereas, there seems to be no reason In
justice or sound policy why our State
should not follow the example of other
Statafc and help rather than hinder the in
stitutions of higher learning within its
borders; therefore be it
Resolved, by the Alumni Association of
Leland Stanford Jr. University, That all
the alumni ex-students and friends of the
university be and they are hereby urged
to use all proper means to remedy the un
fortunate condition of our State law, and
that to that end this association suggests
and recommends the following action on
their part as best adapted to accom
plishing tho desired result:
First— That all vote and lead others to
vote In favor of holding a constitutional
convention when the question of holding
such a convention is presented to the peo
ple for decision at the next election. In a
constitutional convention, when other al
terations are being made, the changes
which we desire may be more easily ob
ta'ned.
Secondly— That everything possible and
proper be done to have nominated and
elected to our next Legislature men who,
in case the constitutional convention
should not be ordered by the people, will
vote to refer to the people of the State
an amendment to our constitution exempt-
Ing such property used for educational
purposes as is usually exempt in other
States.
Whereas, by the provisions of section
1813 of the Civil Code of our State persons
who desire to leave their property to the
university and who for any reasons can
not transfer it to the university before
their death, are prevented from willing to
the university more than one-third of
their estate, and their gifts to the uni
versity are seriously curtailed; and
whereas, there seems to be no sound rea
son for such restrictions on bequests on
devises to institutions of learning: there
fore be it
Resolved, by the Alumni Association of
Leland Stanford Jr. University, That all
the alumni, ex-students and friends of the
university be and they are hereby urged
to use all proper means to have nomi
nated and elected to our next Legislature
men who will vote for such amendment
or the above mentioned section of the
Civil Code as will avoid the restrictions
which it puts on parties wishing to will
property to the university.
The officers elected for next year are-
C. B. Whittier, president; B. F. Bledsoe
vice-president; Miss H. L. Stadtmuller'
secretary; C. E. Cox, treasurer; Jeffer
son Elmore, Henry Cory, Abe Lewis
executive board.
After the business meeting members
of the artimni and the seniors proceeded
to Roble Hall, where a luncheon was
served. The affair was in the nature
of a reunion and many of the faces of
those who have clone most to make
Stanford history could be eeen. The
following toasts were given:
"To '98," C. R. Field, '95, toastmaster
response, S. N. Charles, president of '9S :
•"Alumni and Athletics," J. F. Sheehaii
Jr., '95; rhyming prose. Dr. "W. W. Tho
burn; verses, J. E. Outcalt, '96; "Stan
ford in the South," B. F. Bledsoe '96
"The Past Year," Dr. David Starr Jordan'
The great feature of the afternoon
was the reception tendered by Mrs.
Stanford to the members of the senior
class and the alumni. Mrs. Stanford's
residence was tastily decorated.
Friends who had not met since gradu
ating had an opportunity of renewing
ties under most pleasing circum
stances, and comparing notes on the
slowness of the brighest college dreams
in materializing;
It was the -romenade concert, how
ever, that put the most fitting climax
on the day's festivities. Long before
dark, and when the long- lines of lan
terns were still unlighted people had
crowded on the quad admiring the
grand and beautifully decorated booths
and waiting for the entertainment to
begin. This affair, peculiar to Stan
ford itself, has become a most enjoy
able feature of the gay commence
ment week.
To-night things were arranged on a
more elaborate scale than ever before.
The music and promenades were the
same as of yore, but the ceremony of
fitting the class plate of bronze In a
square of the quadrangle was an added
feature of the evening. The final exer
cises will b j held to-morrow, when di
plomas will be conferred.
Vote against the new charter be
cause there is no adequate provision
for the custody of the moneys in the
treasury.
RIOTING IN
PROGRESS
AT MANILA
Dewey Promptly Responds
to a Threat Made by the
German Consul.
Food Is Growing Scarce and Riots
Are Feared— Montijo to Be
Court-Martialed.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— The Navy Department to
day received a telegram from Admiral Dewey reading as
follows :
"MANILA, May 20, via Hongkong, May 24.— Secretary
of the Navy, Washington: Situation unchanged. Strict
blockade continues. Great scarcity of provisions in Manila.
Foreign subjects fear an outbreak of the Spanish soldiers, and
they will be transferred to Cavite by the foreign men-of-war
in the harbor. Aguinaldo, the rebel chief, who was brought
here from Hongkong on the McCulloch, is organizing a force of
native cavalry and may render assistance that will be
valuable. DEWEY."
HONGKONG, May 24.— The Japanese
cruiser Akitsushima, which arrived
here to-day from Manila, reports that
when she left there rioting had broken
out and a number of houses had been
burned.
Food was daily becoming scarcer and
horse flesh was sold at one dollar and a
half a pound.
The Spanish volunteers were making
angry demands for pay and food,
which the Spaniards were utterly un
able to satisfy.
Aguinaldo, the insurgent leader, had
a great reception on his arrival at the
Philippines from Hongkong. Rear Ad
miral Dewey supplied the Insurgents
with two guns and three hundred rifles,
and at the time the Japanese cruiser
left Aguinaldo was expected to make
an immediate attack.
The Archbishop of Manila, announc
ing in a pastoral that four Spanish
warships were coming, promised vic
tory for the Spaniards.
NEW YORK, May 24.— A dispatch j
from Manila says that Dewey has been j
threatened by the German Consul !
there. The Consul, after an interview
with the Spanish Governor-General,
tried to land provisions from a German
ship, but Dewey refused permission.
The Consul then declared that he would
force the landing with the aid of the
two German cruisers in Manila Bay.
Thereupon Dewey said he would fire
on the cruisers if they interfered. The
provision* were not landed.
Dewey maintains a strict blockade ;
and holds Cavlte and the arsenal, but '
has made no attempt to land. The |
foreign Consuls hold frequent confer
encea with him regarding the safety of ;
non-combatants and private property, j
A Spanish transport has been cap
tared and will be used in the United
States service. Troops are urgently
needed, but Dewey has ample supplies
and ammunition, and there is no dan
ger of a land attack.
The situation at Manila is desperate.
Food is scarce and meat is exhausted,
while all the canned stuff is nearly j
gone. Two weeks will exhaust the
available supply.
Spanish officials say that 500 were
killed and 700 wounded inthebombard- i
ment by Admiral Dewey. All classes
are waiting- anxiously the arrival of
United States troops. There is no sick
ness on the American ships.
Montijo, commander of the Spanish
fleet destroyed by Admiral Dewey, is ,
to be court-martialed for cowardice,
and the captain of the Spanish reve
nue-cutter Callao, recently captured by
a boat of the United States fleet as she
was entering Manila Bay, is to be shot
for not returning the fire of the Amer- j
icans.
POSTAL REGULATIONS
AS TO SOLDIERS' MAIL
Franking Privileges Have Been Ex-
tended to Officers and En
listed Men.
"WASHINGTON. May 24.— 1n view of
existing hostilities between the United
States and Spain, which necessitate
the presence of its force in service at
and near the Philippine Islands and of
the fact that postal communication
with saki islands, as one of the Spanish
colonies, is prohibited by the Postmas
ter General's order, No. 161, dated the
26th ultimo., it is ordered that articles
of mail matter for or from persons con
nected with said United States forces
shall be subject to the postage rates
and conditions applicable to similar ar
ticles in the domestic mails of the
United States. The articles shall be
sent to the commandant of the forces
by even' opportunity offered by the
sailing of a United States vessel for
said forces. The sailing dates of the
vessels cannot be announced in advance
and the articles should therefore be for
warded promptly to San Francisco in
order that they may be dispatched
thence to destination at the f.rst oppor
tunity.
The regulation in regard to the mail
forces in the field is authorized by an
act of Congress passed in 1579, and is
as follows:
"Letters written by officers, com
missioned or non-commissioned, and
privates in the military, naval or
marine service of the United States
must be plainly marked 'Soldier's let
ter,' 'Sailor's letter,' or 'Marine's letter," j
as the case may be, and signed there- j
under with his name and official desig
nation by a field or staff officer, post or
detachment commander to which com
mand the soldier belongs, or by a sur
geon or chaplain at a hospital where
he may be, and in the navy and marine I
service by the officer In command of j
the vessel or surgeon on board, or offl- j
cer commanding naval hospital or de- ;
tachment on shore. Letters so cer
tified will be forwarded charged with
postage due at sirgle rates only, to be
collected on delivery."
This regulation is In line with a bill j
introduced yesterday by Representa
tive Lybrand of Ohio, extending frank
ing privileges through the mails to offi
cers and enlisted men of the United
States forces.
CAMPAIGN OF DELAY
AGAINST ANNEXATION.
Senator White Gives Notice That the
Treaty Will Be Opposed With
Determination.
NEW TORK, May 24.— The Herald's
I Washington correspondent says: When
! the Hawaiian annexation matter comes
| up in the Senate it will be fought with
: great determination by Senator White
| and other opponents of annexation.
! Senator White has given notice that a
! campaign of delay will be entered
; upon, which will indefinitely postpone
| the adjournment of Congress and will
i retard all legislation, no matter how
j pressing in importance.
Representative Tawney of Minnesota
: presented Captain Hatch of Minnesota
to the President to-day. Mr. Tawney,
in discussing the Hawaiian annexa
tion issue, gave his personal opinion
that the report of the Foreign Affairs
Committee on the Newlands resolution
would be taken up in the House the
latter part of this week and time for
debate would be allowed. He has made
a personal canvass of the Republican
side of the House and found IJ>9 Repub
licans ready to vote for annexation.
About two-thirds of them, he said, fa
vored immediate consideration.
Contrary to a published report. Mr.
Tawney has not represented to Speaker
Reed the sentiment of the House in
favor of annexation, but he believes a
prompt consideration of the resolution
will be allowed.
Spanish Troops Near Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR, May 24.— Seven thou
sand Spanish troops, formerly destined
for the Philippines, are quartered in
the vicinity of Gibraltar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"O woman ! lovely woman ! nature made
thee to temper man ; we had been brutes
without you." Woman more than merits
all the good things that have been said of
her by the wits and poets of all times.
When man lauds woman and her charms
and virtues, he has in his mind's eye an
ideal. That ideal is always a healthy wo-
man. No man makes pretty speeches an 4
witty toasts about woman, with the picture
in his mind of a weak, sickly, nervous wo-
man, tortured by pain, and" suffering from
depression and despondency. It is in the
power of every woman to be some man'!
ideal if she will but build up and guard
her womanly health.
The best of known remedies for all form*
of disease peculiar to women is Dr. Pierce s
Favorite Prescription. It works directly on
but one set of organs in a woman's body.
It allays and eradicates pain. It soothes in-
flammation. It invigorates and purifies. It
restores complete health to the organs dis-
tinctly feminine and banishes weakness,
depression and despondency. It is the dis.
covery of Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consulting
physician to the Invalid's Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute, Buffalo, N. Y. If you wish to
know more about it write to him,
i "This is to tell you." writes Sister Eli*« L, *c
Falcon, of Corpus Christi, Nueces Co., Ttias.
"that I had been ill for twenty -one year* and
was finally cured by your medicines, the ' Golden
Medical DUcovery' and 'Favorite Prescription. 1 '
It is as easy to be well as ill — and much
more comfortable. Constipation Is the
cause of many forms of illness. Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets cure constipation. They
are tiny, sugar-coated granules, One lit-
tle " Pellet " is a geiitle laxative, two a mild
cathartic. All dealers in medicines.
geoMOVEMENTS OF THE
TWO OPPOSING FLEETS
SEVEN STRANGE
SHIPS SEEN OFF
CAPE BRETON
Captain of a British Vessel Reports
Having Been Chased by a
Cruiser.
HALIFAX, N. S., May 24.— Pilots cruising off the harbor of Louis
burg. Cape Breton, say they saw seven steamers proceeding at a high
rate of speed. Their nationality they could not make out clearly. The
vessels were steaming in a westerly direction. The pilots think the
craft Spanish warships, and reported to that effect to port officers.
Captain Newton of the British steamer Halifax City, which arrived
this afternoon from London, makes a report which is interesting in
connection with the story told br the Louisburg pilots. He says that last
Saturday night, when on the eastern end of the Banks of Newfound
land, he sighted a large steamer following him and gaining rapidly. The
Halifax City's lights were displayed, as also were those on the steamer
behind. Captain Newton became alarmed, and as a precaution he hung
out a light at the stern of his steamer. This caused the stranger to
veer off. The strane-^ ship passed him at the rate of sixteen knots an
hour, hut darkened her lights as she did so, concealir- her identity.
Captain Newton is one "f the most reliable seamen visiting this
port. His steamer is owned by the Furness line.
DETAILS OF
TWO BATTLES
A Lively Skirmish Off
Santiago de Cuba.
FAILURE TO CUT A CABLE
A NEW VERSION OF THE CAR
DENAS ENGAGEMENT.
The Mortality on the Spanish Side
Was Not So Great as
at First Re
ported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST. May 24.— The United
States auxiliary tugr Waumpatuck
brought in to-day a story of a sharp
skirmish off Santiago de Cuba last
Wednesday. The tug, with the United
States auxiliary cruiser St. Louis,
•went into the Santiago channel to cut
the cable. While the vessels were en
gaged in the work they were fired upon
by the shore batteries. The St. Louis
returned the fire arid a lively fusillade
ensued for about half an hour. The
Waumpatuck eventually succeeded in
cutting the cable. None of the Span
isb shots hit either boat, while neither
of the boats in turrf inflicted any dam
n the enemy. From Santiago the
two ships proceeded to Guantanamo,
the Waumpatuck going in about four
hundred yards from shore to cut the
cable there, the St. Louis lying out of
range. The shore batteries again open
ed re and the St. Louis signaled the
tug to come out, which she did, with
out haying cut the cable at that point-
This adventure was equally harmless.
A new aspect was given to-day to the
engagement at Cardenas, where En-
Bign Bagley and four men of the United
■ s torpedo-boat Wlnslow were
killed by a statement of Insurgent
nel John J. Jova. who has been
fighting under General Maximo Gomez.
Colonel Jova has been in Cardenaa
since the engagement, and he says the
mortality on the Spanish side was by
no means bo great as reported at that
time in the United States. According
t«i h; • tion, which seems to be
corroborated by the testimony of other
aboard rrom Cardenas
by th>- vessels of the blockading fleet,
only nine pe:so:s were killed on the
Spanish side. A shell from one of the
lean ships fr-11 on one of the
streets of the town, killing two women
and three children, while three sailors
and one medical officer on the a Span
ish gunboat fell under the fire of the
United Stfft-s ships.
The firing from the shore was not
from a masked battery but from the
Spanish gunboats, to attack
which the Wlnslow was sent in. Two
of them were disabled, but not per
manently, and the third ran away.
According to Jova'd information the
Fhells from the gunboat Wilmington
did Little execution, because she lay too
far off shore.
No fewer than three Spanish flags
•were brought down by the stray slwts
from the Wilmington's guns. One shell
struck the flagpole on the Casino in the
heart of the town, crashing through
the roof and exploding in a china shop
bMow. '}):■■ place was wrecked, but no
one was hurt. The second flag to come
down was living in the Spanish bar
racks, and th< third from a building
formerly used by the American Consul,
flying defiantly on the very pole where
the Stnrs and Stripes had once waved.
Curiously enough not one of these
phots had been aimed at the flags, but
the Spaniards were so amazed at what
they considered the marvelous skill of
the American frnmir-rs that every Span
ish flag was hauled down.
WM. J. BRYAN WANTS A
MILITARY POSITION
NEW YORK, May 24.— The Herald's
Washington correspondeni telegraphs: "I
learned to-day that General Joseph
Wheeler ia making strenuous efforts to
have the President issue a commission to
"William J. Bryan. General Wheeler
wants Mr. Bryan appointed to one of the
hr-st places on his stuff, and i was given
to understand by a war official with
whom l tallied thai Mr. Bryan is very
anxious to gc-t the place."
Vote against the new charter be
cause it reduces the appropriation for
school teachers' salaries $173,000.
This will cripple the schools and ren
der it necessary to discharge many
teachers.
CHARGED WITH
GROSS CRUELTY
Captain and Mate of a
Ship Indicted.
PUNISHMENT OF A SEAMAN
TORTURE INFLICTED ON THE
GEORGE STETSON.
Fiendish Methods Alleged to Have
Been Employed to Wreak Petty
Spite on Sailor Amos
Stone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, May 24.— Captain E.
iL. Murphy and First Mate George
Harvey of the American ship George
j Stetson were indicted by the United
States Grand Jury to-day on two
counts for cruelly maltreating one
Amos Stone, an apprentice on board
i the vessel, on her voyage from Balti
; more to Portland, the ship having ar
rived here in February.
The first count simply charges the
! officers with having beaten and wound
ed Stone without justifiable cause. The
i second count charges them with hay-
I ing unlawfully inflicted cruel and un-
I usual punishment upon Stone without
i justifiable cause, by beating him about
: th^ head and body with their fists; by
striking him with a board; by striking
him with a leather strap; by kicking
him from the forecastle head of the
j vessel to the € ck below; by confining
| him in a room that was foul and filthy,
■ thereby endangering his health and life;
by placing iron manacles on his wrists;
by beating him on the hands with a
heavy piece of wood; by striking him
j-onj -on the body with a rope; by scrubbing
j his naked body with a coarse scrub
| bing brush: by confining him in a filthy
! and foul-smelling room through the
i tropics; by exposing him by keeping
open the doors to his room while the
\ • sseJ was doubling Cape Horn at a
j time Stone was sick. weak, disabled
and insane.
Stone was in the hospital for some
time after his arrival here and was fin
ally placed in the insane asylum, where
he remains. Though much improved in
health he is not sound mentally.
Murphy and Harvey are at large un
der larg" l>'>n>ls. Captain Murphy is in
command of the ship Henry Villard,
which is loading coal at Comox, B. C.,
probably for Honolulu. Harvey is still
first mate of the George Stetson, which
is supposed to be on the way from Hilo
to New York.
ARMY MULES IN DEMAND.
Nearly a Million Dollars' "Worth Pur-
chased in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— Lieutenant-Colonel
G. C. Smith, assistant quart rrmaster-gen
eral of the United States army, is buying
all the mules fir the army that can bo
purchased in the St. Louis market. Dur
ing the past six day:; mules to the amount
of W72.960 have been bought, and it is e.sti
! that to-morrow's expenditure will
amount to $100, it"X) additional. Orders were
received to-day to buy mules without
limit.
Montreal Bicycle Races.
MONTREAL, May 24.— The new Queen*
'■ Park cycle track was opened to-day. The
j professional events wore exciting. Re-
I suits:
Two-thirds of a mile, handicap, professional
— Knrl Kas'-r (20 yards) won, J. S. Johnson
I (scratch) second. Leon Boulay (scratch) third
Time. UU 4-5.
One mile, profpsston.il— J. R. Johnson won,
Karl Kaser second. Earl Klser third Time
2:01 4-6.
One mile, tandem, professional— l/eon Boulay
! and Rf>ne C&velly won, E;irl Klser and Karl
i KaFer second, J. S. Johnson and James ISow
i ler third. Time. 2:05.
LORD WOLSELEY ON
THE WAR SITUATION
LONDON. May 24.— Lord Wolseley, the commander-in-chief of the
British army, in conversation to-day said:
"The United States would make a mistake In attempting to invade
Cuba with the volunteers who are not fully drilled and disciplined. If
that was done the United States might expect heavy reverses when
those troops encountered the trained Spanish troops on the island. It
would be a grave error to underrate the strength of the adversaries of
the American troops. I would regret to see the Americans even tem
porarily beaten, as my sympathies are with them."
Continuing, Lord Wolseley said: "It is fortunate for the United
States that this war Is not with a first-class power, for it is evident
that in such an encounter they would be badly beaten in the beginning,
though I believe the Americans able to defeat any nation in the long
run."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898,
MYSTERY STILL
SURROUNDS THEM
Numerous and Varied Reports of the
Condition of the Great Marine
Chessboard About Cuba.
Indications That Cervera Is in the Harbor of
Santiago and That Sampson and Schley
Are Blockading That Port.
TEGO, Jamaica, May
24 — The waters south
of Cuba have suddenly
become the scene of
great naval activity.
Commodore Schley, who
left Key West Thursday
with the battle-ships
Massachusetts and Tex
as, the armored cruiser
Brooklyn and the armed
yacht Scorpion, is be
lieved to be cruising off
Cienfuegos and Santiago
de Cuba.
When the Dandy left
Key West last Friday
morning Admiral Samp
son was still there. It
was the opinion of naval
officers that he would
sail for Cienfuegos soon
by the eastern route, the
two fleets thus complet
ing the circuit of Cuba.
The battle-ship lowa
followed Commodore
Schley on Friday, but
was overtaken off San
Antonio on Saturday
by the torpedo boat Du
pont with secret instruc
tions. The battle-ship
immediately increased
her speed to the limit,
and when last seen was
guarding the entrance to
the passage between the
Isle of Pines and Cuba.
The Dupont rushed on
toward Cienfuegos.
Five British warships are now in the
vicinity of Jamaica.
The Spanish 1200-ton passenger
steamer Purisima Concepcion is here.
She is afraid to venture out. The nu
merous rumors as to the sighting of
the phantom Spanish fleet in this vicin
ity are unsubstantiated.
NO LONGER AT SANTIAGO.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 24.
— It is reported here to-day that the
Spanish Cape Verde fleet, commanded
by Admiral Cervera, which reached
Santiago de Cuba a few days ago, has
left that harbor. Its destination is not
known. It was told, however, that the
armored cruiser Maria Teresa, one of
the vessels in Admiral Cevera's fleet, is
expected to go to some port in Cuba,
near Havana.
News has reached here from Havana
that the autonomist Government has
decided that provisions and coal im
ported into Cuba shall be exempt from
customs duties until further orders.
This action was probably taken to en
courage the owners of vessels to make
unusual efforts to run the blockade.
SECRETARY LONG'S OPINION.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— When
Secretary- Long started for home after
an exceptionally busy day he stated to
a group of newspaper men that the de
partment had received no information of
importance. In response to an inquiry
as to where the Spanish fleet was lo
cated. Mr. Long replied that his belief
was that it was still at Santiago de Cuba.
The Spaniards appear to be making
ready for something more than a defen
sive campaign at home. The Navy
Department now has, by its own reliable
sources, reports of greatest activity in
the Spanish navy yards and preparations
for sea and for a long voyage of two of
the torpedo boat destroyers. It is given
out that they arc to join Cervera imme
diately his squadron enters Cadiz Har
bor. Possibly this statement is made
with a deliberate purpose of mislead
ing American sailors into the belief that
Cervera has taken his way homeward.
SPANISH CHICANERY.
Copyrighted, 11P9. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. PIERRE. Martinique, May 24.—
It was announced to-day that the Span
ish torpedo boat destroyer Terror would
leave port to-morrow. Following this
announcement came the story that Spain
has been endeavoring to evade the neu
trality laws and make Fort de France a
base of supplies for Admiral Cervera's
fleet.
The steamer Alicante, which has been
at Fort de France for a week or more,
has been called an ambulance ship. Her
stay in that port caused no uneasiness
until to-day, when it became known be
yond question that the alleged ambu
lance ship was being heavily laden with
I coal and munitions for the Spanish fleet
under the cenmand of Admiral Cervera.
i As soon as these facts became known
i to the United States Consul they were
communicated to the Government. He
i asked the authorities to u>e every pre
caution to prevent a violation of the
neutrality laws. As a result of his rep
resentation, the Alicante was allowed to
day to take only enough coal to carry
her to the nearest Spanish port.
The Terror is said to be in good con
dition. Her destination is not known.
The English steamer Twickenham,
which came here with coal for the Span
iards, has at last been entered at the cus
tom house, but is not unloading her
cargo. She is evidently awaiting in
structions from her owners in London.
Her movements are so suspicious that
she is being as closely watched as the
Terror and the Alicante.
PLENTY OF COAL AT SANTIAGO.
NEW YORK, May 24.— According
to Captain Schaarschmidt of the Ham
burg-American line steamship Polaria.
which arrived here to-day, there were
5000 tons of coal at Santiago de Cuba
when he left that port on May 13. The
captain saw plenty of coal about the
harbor, and upon inquiring, learned
that the town could supply enough to
the Spanish fleet to put it into fighting
trim.
ALLEGED RUSE OF SPAIN.
LONDON. May 24.— A special dis
patch from Madrid to-days says: Evi
dently the programme in regard to the
Philippine Islands has been changed. It
is believed here that there will be no
immediate engagement in Cuban waters,
but that Admiral Cervera will draw off
the enemy while the Cadiz fleet relieves
Havana.
It is officially announced that the
squadron of Admiral Cervera was still
at Santiago de Cuba yesterday.
A REPORTED DISASTER.
LONDON, May 24— A dispatch to
the Financial News from Port au Prince
says: Admiral Cervera is believed to
have divided his fleet. It is reported
that the Vizcaya and Alphonso XIII
have been destroyed.
NOT LOOKING FOR TROUBLE.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May
24. — A local newspaper, the Matin, says
that Rear Admiral Osborne of the Brit
ish navy, who left for New York on
Sunday on board a Dutch steamer, saw
at Curacoa a Spanish squadron com
posed of five cruisers and five torpedo
boat destroyers or torpedo boats. The
Spanish officers are reported to have
said they would not accept a battle un
less with an equal number of ships and
that they would avoid encountering su
perior numbers. Admiral Osborne did
not consider the Spanish squadron to be
in any way formidable.
OPPOSING FLEETS LOCATED.
LONDON, May 25.— The following
dispntch has been received from Madrid,
dated 1 a. m., Wednesday:
Nothing positive is revealed as to the
situation. Lieutenant Correa, Minister
of War, has received a cablegram from
Geneial Blanco, saying that American
•varships are in front of Santiago.
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
has received a lengthy dispatch from
Admiral Cervera, replying in full to in
structions. The Minister of Marine re
ceives nobody. He is working day and
night. Yesterday he presented to the
Queen Regent every detail of the plans
at Santiago de Cuba, showing the de
fenses and the security of Admiral Cer
vera's squadron.
Admiral Camara has gone back to Ca
diz with sealed orders. It is said that
on his arrival there he will arrange for
maneuvering his ships at sea. for trials
of speed, gunnery and everything neces
sary to assure himself that the squadron
is in an efficient condition. He will de
part for a destination undivulged.
Senor Capdepon, Minister of the In
terior, says a telegram received by the
war office from Manila reports that the
natives are disposed to remain loyal to
Spain and will defend the territory
against foreign invasion.
The latest rumor is that a Spanish
warship has captured an American war
ship in Cuban waters.
SPANISH SYMPATHIZERS
QUICKLY EXPELLED
Ilffarysville Volunteers Drop a Traitor
From the Membership of
Their Company.
MARTSVILLE, May 24.—Themem
bers of Company E, N. G. C, of this
city, made the discovery on Sunday
that one of their number, Frank Vahle,
was a Spanish sympathizer. At a meet
ing of the command held last night
Captain Voss asked his men to take
some action, with the result that the
traitor to his oath was forthwith de
prived of membership in the company
by the two-thirds vote required by the
State law in expelling members from
the ranks for misconduct. There was
not a dissenting voice.
About three weeks ago Vahle, whose
father is of Spanish extraction, con
fided to a companion that his reason
for not signing: the volunteer list was
that "he did not want to go in and
fight his friends."
On Sunday evening, while under the
influence of drink, he openly declared
"Spanish blood flows In my veins, and
that is the only fighting blood a man
can have."
VICTORY FOR PACIFIC
COAST MERCHANTS
MILWAUKEE, Wls., May 24.— The
Pacific Coast merchants who fought
for two weeks before the Transcon
tinental Freight Bureau for an increase
in rates on less than carload lots have
won their fight against the Milwaukee,
Chicago and St. L.ouis representatives,
as far as the general proposition was
concerned. The ne.w and the old rates
as made known to-day in five classes
in less than carload lots for each 100
pounds are as follows:
Class 1, new $4, old $2 40: class 2. new
$2 60. old $2 15: class 3, new $2 50, old
$2; class 4, new $1 PO, old 51 70; class
5, new $1 60, old $1 65.
For carload lots — Class 1, new and
old $1 60; class 2, new $1 25, old $1 10;
classes 3. 4 and 5. new and old un
changed, are respectively $1 and 95
cents.
ARTHUR SEWALL TENDERS THE ROANOKE
The Vessel, Now in San Francisco Harbor, Is to Be
Inspected at Once, and if Fonnfl Satisfactory Will
Be Accepted liy the Government.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Assistant Secretary of War Meiklejohn
received a dispatch from Arthur Sewall of Bath, Me., candidate for
Vice-President on the Democratic ticket in 1896, offering on behalf of
Arthur Sewall & Co. the ship Roanoke now at San Francisco, to the
Government for transport purposes. The Roanoke is of 3549 tons reg
ister and has a capacity of 5000 tons. Mr. Sewall says the ship can be
fitted for about 2500 men and 1500 tons of freight. She is now under
charter for New York, but Mr. Sewall expressed the opinion that he
can arrange to cancel the charter if the Government is in need of more
vessels.
Secretary Meiklejohn immediately telegraphed to San Francisco to
have an inspection made of the ship, and if it should prove satisfac
tory the Roanoke undoubtedly will be chartered.
SPAIN READY
TO MAKE PEACE
WITH AMERICA
Noxious to Eq<3 the War Provided
"Spanish Honor" Does
Not Suffer.
LONDON, May 25.— The Madrid correspondent of the Dally Newi
says: Rumors as to the negotiations of the powers in favor of peace
are premature, but responsible Spanish statesmen are prepared to
seize the first opportunity to end the war, providing it can be done on
terms honorable to Spain.
Should a neutral nation come forward with an honorable arrange
ment its proposals would be examined here in no impractical spirit of
false pride. If, therefore, America does not insist upon impossible
humiliations, there is a possibility of peace being negotiated.
Marshal Martinez Campos, in the course of an interview, has said
that the salvation of the Philippines is in the hands of the natives
themselves, and that "much care ought to be exercised to win them to
our side." He pooh-poohed the alarming rumors about England and
Gibraltar. The important thing, he he declared, was that Admiral Cer
vera should be able to divide the American squadron.
MME. ALFRED
MUST DEPART
Given Final Order to
Quit Hayti.
MRS. SAM IS IMPLACABLE
WIFE OF THE PRESIDENT WILL
NOT RELENT.
France Will Take Up the Case and
Demand Heavy Damages From
*he Haytian Govern
ment.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
PORT AU PRINCE, May 13.— The
decree expelling Mme. Hermance Al
fred from Hayti was a surprise to the
majority of the foreigners, she having
repeatedly asserted that the difficulty
between her and the Government had
been settled. Mrs. Sam, the wife of the
President, however, was implacable
except on the condition that a complete
apology be made to her by Mme. Alfred
for her refusal to yield to her the seat
in the cathedral which she demanded
on Easter Sunday.
Mme. Hermance Alfred has lived
here many years and has a profitable
business as a restaurant-keeper. If the
decree is enforced her financial loss will
be heavy. It is certain that the French
Government will back up the large
claim which she will be entitled to
make for indemnity.
Mme. Alfred was formerly command
ed to leave the country by the first
steamship departing for a foreign port.
This was the Prince Wilhelm 111, which
sailed on May 9 for New York. A com
missionaire of police went to her and
said he had come to pay her passage to
New York. She replied that she could
not possibly leave at such short notice.
Later two commissionaires of police
and six policemen were sent to arrest
her. They entered her bedchamber and
were about to take her as she was,
partly dressed, when the secretary of
the French Legation intervened in her
behalf. The arrest was therefore not
made and Mme. Alfred did not depart
by the Prince Wilhelm. She was in
formed, however, that she must surely
go on the French steamer Otine de
Rodriguez on the 19th.
There is considerable sympathy ex
pressed for Mme. Alfred among the for
eigners here despite the fact that her
troubles have arisen from her notorious
relations with the sor-in-law of the
President. These would have been re
garded as almost legitimate by the au
thorities if it were net that Mme. Sam s
daughter is, for a Haytian, unreason
ably jealous.
Nominees for Congress.
INDTANAPOOR. Ind., May 24.— The
Republican Congressional Conventions
were held in three Indiana districts to
day. Congressman Charles Landis and
G^oree W Steele were renominated in the
Ninth and Eleventh Districts. George W.
Cromer was nominated in the Eighth Dis
"IITCHFIELD. 111.. May 24.— Congress
man M. Jett was renominated to-day by
lh \VAPAICOXETA. Ohio, May 24 r — R. B.
Gordon of Auglarre County was nomi
nated for Congress to-<lay by the Demo
crats of the Fourth Ohio District.
SUPPOSED SPY
IN CUSTODY
Arrested on the Prize
Panama.
HE IS OF SPANISH BIRTH
BELIEVED TO HAVE CHARTS
CONCEALED.
Attempted to Send to Spanish Au
thorities Information Concern
ing the Harbor o*
New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, May 24.— An Important
arrest of a supposed Spanish spy was
made this evening by United States
Marshal Hoar. The prisoner is Romig
no Saplereo Jiminez, who was among
those captured on the steamship Pana
ma, and has since been held a prisoner
of war. Jiminez is supposed to have
obtained information concerning New
York harbor and its defenses, with
charts of the harbor, which he is at
tempting to get to the Spanish authori
ties. He is about 40 years of age, a
Spaniard and a civil engineer.
Late this evening Marshal Hoax, with
several deputies and United States
Commissioner Otto received informa
tion from the north, in consequence of
which they slipped quietly out to the
Panama, arrested Jiminez and brought
him ashore. He was taken to the Key
West Hotel and put through a vigorous
examination in private.
Jiminez stoutly denied the accusa
tion that he was a spy, but his story
■was of such a contradictory nature
that it confirmed the suspicions of the
Federal authorities. He said he had
left Cuba in 1877, a date which he sub
sequently corrected to 1890, and later
set back a fey.- years. He lived, he ad
mitted, in New York since that time,
but had decided to return to Cuba to
engage in the mercantile business and
was on his way thither when the Pan
ama was captured. He asserted, also,
that he had spent considerable time in
Venezuela and other South American
ports.
His story, though, was so conflicting
on the whole as to be meaningless. A
thorough search of the Panama was
made" in the attempt to locate the
charts, but no trace of them could be
found. The examination will be con
tinued and the prisoner will be held
under arrest meanwhile.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The prin
cipal subject of conversation at Camp
Alger yesterday evening was Spanish
spies and poisoned springs. Three ar
rests were made by a member of the
Ninth Ohio Battalion. The men con
sidered by him suspicious persons were
Mariano Solo, Mayor of Puerto Prin
cipe, a Cuban insurgent; W. H. Stroek9
and H. E. McDevitt, American citi
zens. Their appearance and the fact
that they spoke Spanish aroused the
suspicion of the guard.
BROKERS CORNERING
FOOD AT GUADALOUPE.
"WASHINGTON, May 24.— Third par
ties have begun to suffer from the war,
according to reports received from
United States Consul Ayme at Guada
loupe, and It may be that the West In
dian Islands are to share in the bur
dens imposed on Guadaloupe by the ex
istence of hostilities. He reports that
there is a scarcity of flour and other
provisions, and also of lumber, owing
to the cessation of arrivals of vessels
from the United States. Probably
these do not care to venture the chance
of capture of their cargoes by Spanish
warships.
The last ship arrived March 26, and
when she cleared there was but 2500
barrels of flour on the island. Broker?
bought up all of thin as well as other
provisions at an advance of from 8 to
10 per cent and have raised prices.
The Consul fears serious results if
prices rise much higher so that suffer
ing follows.
Fresno Republicans Banded.
FRESNO, May 24.— The permanent or
ganization of a Republican League Club
for Fresno was effected to-night by the
election of officers and appointment of
committees. The names of 414 members
were placed on the roll, and seventeen
delegates wore selected to attend the
meeting of the State League in San Fran
cisco.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it gives unparalleled powers to
the Mayor, who is made, for all prac
tical purposes, an autocrat.
56
WEDNESDAY MAY 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. :
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trj's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. __ ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
IXEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildlaft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££* Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
PRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «pen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Fnirtw'.r.-YBaye
Columbia— "Monbars "
California— Hopkins Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty 00.
Alcazar— "Yo rick' 3 Lovo
Worcsco'6— "Mrs. Partlnffton and Her Son Ike-"
Tlvoli— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman. Clay Hall— KneisM Quartet, Thursday afternoon,
Ihe Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art. '
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming:,
El Campo— Music, danelcr, boating-. fishing, every Sunday,
California Jockey dub, Oakland-Races Friday afternoon.
■ ~ ~~~
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. ButterfieM-Thla day. May 25. Furniture, at
1 ! New Montgomery street, at 11 o'clock. Also, contents of
Cub Rooms, 13 TUrd etreai, at -' o'clock.
By Sullivan A. Doyle— This day, May 25, Horses, at 827 Sixth
6trcot, at 11 O'C.OCK.
By P. J. barth— This day. May 25, Agatewares at 411 McAllis-
ter street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton, Eldrldg-e & Co.— Thursday, May 26, Bugs, at 106
Grant avenue, at 'I o clock.
By Killip& Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stoca
Farm. at 10 o'clock.
fJN OVERESTIMATE.
OUR esteemed evening contemporary, the
Southern Pacific Post, says that a cogent rea
son for the adoption of the proposed charter
is found in the fact that San Francisco is represented
in the State Senate by eleven Senators and in the As
sembly by twenty-one Assemblymen. When it is con
sidered that San Francisco is represented in the Sen
ate by only nine Senators and in the Assembly by
only eighteen Assemblymen, this reason is not so
cogent as it appears at first sight. However, we are
pleased to note that our railroad contemporary is
guilty of overestimating. The charter advocates are
usually shy on everything. All through the campaign
they have been shy on taxes, shy on facts, shy on
appropriations, shy on law. The fact that they are
not shy on legislative delegates from this city is a
hopeful sign. If the charter election were a few days
further away we might get them to estimating on
the finances of the document and thereby induce $hem
to realize some of the enormities of the system which
they are endeavoring to fasten upon the unsuspecting
people of this city.
WHY BE TRICKY?
'"pHE new charter is a terrapin. It professes to
provide for the voter any kind of meat he likes,
* from chicken to pork sausage.
To illustrate: In the provision for the purchase of
public utilities it is provided that the same may be
done by issuing bonds "payable in lawful money of
the United States," and that "the Supervisors shall de
cide at the time of the issue of the bonds in what
lawful money of the United States said bonds shall
be payable."
This is one of the tricks of the charter. It is in
tended to secure the votes of all sides of the financial
ibsue, and to fool all but one side. The silver and
legal tender men are expected to vote for it, and it is
of course expected that if adopted the Supervisors
will decide that the bonds issued under it shall be
made payable in gold. The gold men are invited to
vote for it in the belief that gold only will be made the
basis of the bond issue.
It will be seen, then, that in this most important of
its provisions the charter is not honest and is a sort
of shell game, and in such games everyone knows that
it is the most trusting who arethemost deceived. If the
charter had been honestly made and frankly intended
il would have plainly recited that such bonds should
hf paid in such lawful money of -tlie United States,
either gold, silver or paper, as the city might choose
at the moment of maturity. Then at such maturity
rhe city would select the cheapest of the three forms
< f lawful currency. This reservation of the option
to the city of the kind of money of final payment
would have been honest with all parties and none
would have been deceived, while the charter as it
stands solicits the votes of all parties with the inten
tion to betray finally all of them but one. An instru
ment so artfully framed for deception in one of its
most important features is not deserving the BUpport
of honest gold, silver or greenback men.
One trait betrays character, and this one feature is
a revelation of the deceptive character of the whole
instrument, and it should be beaten in the interest of
good and honest government.
School Director Waller does not manifest the joy
that might have been expected at the opportunity to
demonstrate his innocence of the charge of having
solicited a bribe. It would seem that an honest man
thus accused would have rushed to the courts and
demanded a thorough vindication.
There is considerable nonsensical jabble about
street car employes being forced to oppose the
charter. People are aware that under the Australian
ballot system there is no way in which anybody can
be forced to oppose anything.
Labor organizations oppose the appointment of
Otis to a generalcy, but there may be consolation for
them in the tact that if sent to Manila he will take a
chance of permanent elimination from local affairs.
A German paper is most unkind to charge Ameri
cans with securing titled husbands for their daugh
ters. Any nation hates to be twitted on facts.
Admiral Dewey seems to have an idea that the gen
tlemen who happen to be in his vicinity with gun
boats are not running Manila.
Spanish plans for exterminating the Cuban people
seem to be confined to such of the Cubans as are
unarmed.
THEY SAILED INTO HISTORY.
THE first regiments of American soldiers to go
fighting beyond seas have sailed out of the
Golden Gate into history. When time and the
records deal with soldiers no question is asked why
they fought. It is enough to know that in some cause
and obeying some command the men offered their
lives under the banner of their nationality.
How many know why the Spartans were at the pass
of Thermopylae? But all men know what they did
there. How many know why Xenophon and his
10,000 Greeks made their march back to the sea?
But millions who never saw the Anabasis know the
story of that exhibition of Grecian pluck and valor.
We do not discuss the politics of war, but we thrill
as the soldiers go to battle, and melt to sympathy as
the cloud of carnage passes and the sun kisses the
dead and dries the red fountain of their devotion.
The American soldier needs no testimony to his qual
ity. The certificate of his fighting virtue is written
from Lexington to Appomattox. We have learned
that Jo Wheeler's cavalry and Stoneman's saddle bri
gade were Americans, and all fought with courage
worthy their common ancestry.
The same pick of men have sailed away from us
and more will follow. The orders of their country are
upon them and have been obeyed. In Philippine
jungles, as in Cuban chaparral, the fighting blood of
our countrymen will be freely spent, and our soldiers
will go on Fame's eternal bead roll.
As these regiments sail away the strength of their
ranks is in the hardened thews of fair-browed boys
given by their mothers to their motherland. Many a
lad among them looked his last upon his native land
as the green shores of California merged with the
fading horizon. But when they fight they will fight
like Americans, and if they fall they will die like men,
and their memories will be cherished to the end.
California feels a new honor in having been their
rendezvous, and her soil is hallowed by their foot
prints. When her orchards blush and her vineyards
purple under her autumn suns the story of their pa
triotism will be told while men rest from their labor
and women teach their children to be men by the
story of these young heroes who go from us to glory
under the flag that never sheltered a coward nor
waved over a tyrant.
This State feels a mother's interest in these thou
sands of young soldiers and will thrill with a mother's
pride while they fight and weep a mother's tears when
they falL
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
THE vote taken in the House of Representatives
on the proposed constitutional amendment pro
viding for the election of United States Senators
by direct vote of the people resulted in 184 ayes to
11 noes. This was so near an approach to unanimity
that it has had the effect of rousing public interest in
the subject notwithstanding the war, and it is now
being discussed in the East as an issue likely to be
pressed to settlement in the near future.
The overwhelming majority in the House in favor
of the change is certainly surprising, for, while it has
been under consideration for a long time, the general
supposition has been that the conservatism of the
country was against it and that there was little pros
pect of its adoption. This view, however, has been
apparently ill-founded. The Republican party repre
sents the conservative element of the people, and the
House the conservative branch of Congress. There
fore, when the House, with its strong Republican ma
jority, goes almost solidly in favor of the change, it
is clear that conservatism itself is ready to accept it.
A multitude of considerations have combined to
bring about this unexpected agreement among men of
all parties in the House in favor of what would be a
radical alteration in the constitution. The charges of
bribery in Senatorial elections have become so com
mon and some of them are clearly so well founded
that many would like the system of election by Legis
latures abolished for the sake of getting rid of the
attendant corruption. In other cases ambitious men
in the House who aspire to the Senate believe they
would have a better chance of success if the vote were
left directly to the people. A third class is so discon
tented with the Senate as at present constituted that
it would welcome almost any change in its mode of
election as a means of obtaining some change in the
kind of men elected.
Along with these reasons for- desiring a change
there is the further and more important one that the
Senate has now become in every respect the most
potent and notable branch of Congress. By reason
of the pressure of business upon it the House has
long since given up all attempts at genuine debate.
It is no longer a deliberative assembly. Its bills are
prepared in committees and when reported are put
through with a rush. This system, necessary for the
prompt transaction of business, has deprived orators
of all opportunity for the exercise of their powers and
the display of their talents. A man who cannot speak
at all has as much chance for success in the House
to-day as would one who had the eloquence of Clay
and the logic of Webster.
It is different in the Senate. In that body alt Im
portant bills are thoroughly discussed. It is through
the Senatorial debates that the country learns the
nature of the measures before Congress. This of
course increases public interest \n the Senate and
gives the Senator a more commanding position than
is enjoyed by the member of the House, who Is per
haps never permitted to speak at all on any subject
whatever from the time he enters Congress until he
*quits it. From this condition of affairs there comes
a desire to bring the Senate into direct responsibility
to the people. This desire seems to be shared by al
most every man in the House. Certainly a vote of
184 to 11 is a sufficient evidence that the change will
not meet with any great opposition among the states
men and the politicians of the country who, being
now out of the Senate, have an ambition to enter it.
Colonel Cortijo does not speak with kindness of
Americans as hosts, and yet he fared much better
while a prisoner than any American in the hands of
the Spanish will. He got plenty to eat. and the Span
ish style of placing him against a stone wall and fill
ing him full of rifle balls was carefully avoided.
As rats desert a sinking ship, it is not likely that
Spain will just now find any active supporters among
the powers. France may indulge in hysterics and
Austria talk from a safe distance, but this HttFe affair
between the United States and Spain will be con
ducted without regard to them.
It is understood that some of the "feather-bed"
soldiers of the East enlisted on the supposition that
war was a long-drawn-out picnic. One of the few
pleasing features of the campaign will be to observe
them during the process of being undeceived.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
THE MAYOR OF THE CHARTER.
WE scarcely credit the rumor that Dr. O'Donnell
intends to resume the cultivation of his mayor
alty aspirations in the event of the adoption
of the proposed charter. Yet stranger things than that
have happened. The doctor is an American citizen
— a descendant of the Carrolls of Carrollton, in fact —
and he possesses the inalienable right of all American
citizens to run for office. He is entitled to have his
name placed upon the official ballot, and when it is
there all registered voters who choose may vote for
him. In short, if the people want O'Donnell for
Mayor, under the proposed charter as well as under
the consolidation act, they can have him.
Nor are we entirely clear that the doctor would
make a bad Mayor. On the contrary we feel safe in
saying that he would perform his duties better than
Kalloch did and as well as Sutro attempted to. Under
the proposed new charter, indeed, it would not be
difficult to discharge the functions of the office. If
Dr. O'Donnell should be elected Mayor, defeating
Hon. James D. Phelan after a hot contest — which he
might easily do by making a greater number of prom
ises than the conscience of the latter permitted — he
would suffer little or no inconvenience in administer
ing the duties of his important trust. The doctor al
ways said it was not the emoluments but the honor
of the office which he coveted. Such being the case,
he would naturally desire to retain the honor per
manently, even if he did not desire to establish a
baronial family in San Francisco and inaugurate a new
line of blue-blooded Carrolls.
How easy it would be for him to turn the Fire De
partment over to Sam Rainey, the Police Department
over to Martin Kelly, and the Board of Public Works
over to Phil Crimmins. Doubtless these gentlemen
would make a contract with him to manage his cam
paigns for the remainder of his life. With Mr.
Buckley in charge of the School Board and the doctor
himself personally attending to the Department of
Health, there is no question in the world that the
city would have for two years at least a model and
efficient government. That the Chinese would "go"
under such a government is almost certain. Possibly
other people would "go" also, but in the end all
would return. The resumption of flush times at the
City Hall would ultimately cause everybody, like the
cat, to come back.
Nor is it necessary in surmising what result would
follow the election of Dr. O'Donnell, should he re
sume his mayoralty campaign, to assume that he
would not be governed by the highest and purest mo
tives. An official invested with such unparalleled
powers as are conferred by the proposed charter upon
the Mayor would have to depend upon somebody.
What more natural than that a man possessed of the
doctor's soaring ambition should turn to the king
makers—the Raineys, the Kellys and the Crimminses?
They might not be able to keep him in office forever,
but they could by making promises get a two years'
whack at the treasury.
It is well known that Dr. O'Donnell aspires to be
come Governor. He ran for the office once and made
a respectable showing. On another occasion he
came within iooo votes of being elected Mayor of this
city. He has always maintained that he was counted
out. There is reason to believe that he was. But
he never would be counted out under the proposed
charter: nor would any Mayor unless he happened
to be a fool Mayor. The power to appoint the Elec
tion Commission would insure us an honest ballot
and a fair count — at least so far as the Mayor was
concerned.
THE PHILIPPINE EXPEDITION.
AS the first American military expedition for the
invasion of a foreign soil the departure of the
troops for Manila inevitably appears both to
ourselves and to other nations as an act marking a
new era in our national development. Its effect upon
the world will largely exceed any that may be pro
duced by the coming occupation of Cuba, for the
West Indies are within the sphere of the influence
we have long exerted, but the extension of that in
fluence to the Orient is something wholly unforeseen
and unexpected.
The new departure has given rise to a far-reaching
discussion concerning its probable consequences. In
Continental Europe it seems to be regarded as an
evidence of a newly developed greed on our part for
conquest and is there denounced as a menace to the
peace of the world. In Great Britain, on the con
trary, it is looked upon as a step which will lead the
United States to take a prominent part in the larger
politics of nations, and as the British need the aid of
some strong power to enable them to make head
against the coalitions of the Continent, our appear
ance in the field is regarded with sanguine hopeful
ness and the highest favor.
In our own country the expedition Is the object of
as many different opinions as in Europe. Some of
the most influential papers of the country regard it as
the beginning of a colonial expansion which will ad
vance our commerce in the East and start us along a
path that within a few years will give us the maritime
supremacy of the world. Others see in it a danger to
ourselves of portentous magnitude. They regard it
as a temptation to break away from the wise counsels
of Washington and the principle of Monroe to follow
the practices of Napoleon and the policy of Britain,
with the result that we shall have to take part in all
European quarrels and surrender much of our in
dustrial prosperity in order to maintain a military
prestige.
Which of these views \s right must be left to the
future to determine. At the present juncture we can
do nothing but go forward. We cannot forego reaping
the advantage gained by Dewey's splendid victory,
nor can we leave him at Manila without re-enforce
ments sufficient to maintain his hold on the islands
and drive back any force the Spanish may send
against him. On that point there are no differences
of opinion. The expedition sails to the Orient bear
ing with it the desires, the hopes and the blessings
of all.
It is certainly a most unexpected development of his
tory which has so ordered affairs that our first military
expedition across the sea should start from California
and move westward; that while circumstances have
checked and baffled the movements of our fleets and
armies in the Atlantic, a broad, free way should have
been opened for us in the Pacific. The forces which
have brought about this result without our planning
it may have other surprises in store for us. The twen
tieth century may see this coast the principal seat of
our expanding enterprise and the Pacific Ocean the
scene of our greatest activities.
Several days ago the Oregon was reported at Key
West. Now it is said not to have been there. While
there are many correspondents anxious to tell the
facts just as they are, it must be admitted that of late
the wires have developed eccentricities.
There is said to be another crisis in Spain, but to
unbiased observers it appears to be the same old
crisis.
AN ENGLISH-AMERICAN ALLIANCE.
France is dreadfully annoyed with America. The French P™"' *™ UU ™ r
ably representative of French national sentiment, is bitterly aga lnßt us * n ™ k
little affair with Spain. One after another the leading journals <*J*™ tO
up the cry: "Europe must unite, and France in the lead, to check the ag
gression of these boastful Americans!"  «
Then Mr. Chamberlain makes a speech that rings through the world. &o
Great Britain sides with America, eh? And agrees with A™ 6™" *°™
how? Perhaps we have been too sudden"-and a feeling of nervou sness
creeps up and down the spinal column of the Boulevard thimdeie rs _
Debuts in a leader admits that America is entering upon an en ""? e «? '"'' n .
tional career, and it is important that America does not be * ln ? lth mea a er
ceiveci prejudices against France. "Business." continues this specious Pleader,
"which depends largely upon American patronage, has alreaa> ,* l c have
of this quasi-campaign against the United States in favor of bpain.
gone too. far."— Ntfw York Herald.
TWO TO MAKE A BARGAIN.
In a speech delivered Friday to his constituents, the Hon Joseph Cham
berlain, Colonial Secretary in the British Ministry, dec »«« d even
an Anglo-Saxon alliance, and that such a consummation was desirable even
at the cost of war. This is a very important statement coming It doe
from one of the most influential members of the British G^ernment
course, it takes two to make a bargain; hence there can : be n ° h ° Pe In ° f t ™
Anglo-Saxon alliance unless such an arrangement shouia extremely friend
country. In this connection it would be idle to deny that anjxwe ■ ince tne
ly feeling toward Great Britain has sprung up among Amen
beginning of the quarrel with Spain. adoption of a vig-
Should the result of the present war force "* i"™.! Spanish colonies, an
orous foreign policy and the retention of the captured bpa nis to us as it
alliance with Great Britain would promptly become as necessary to greatly
is admitted to be to Great Britain. . Combined Europe could p ntly .
damage both the United States and Great Britain. U ac * ail
but rot all the forces of Europe and Asia combined coma
against a combination of all the English-speaking peoples Anglo . S axon
The battle of Manila, with its co " se^ e " ceS 'Mtndlo the powers of Con
alliance a distinct possibility, and. should the . at f' tude ™^ alliance would
tinental Europe assume a decided pro-Spanish tinge such an an
then be a decided probability.— Orleans Picayune.
NATIONS OF NAVAL FIGHTERS.
Some Paris papers are hysterically crying^ «j£J£^-£^££;
Place? It would simply mean that France would be. as
land as Spain will be by the United States. A war between England and
any other European power except Russia would be v^ n o a^ U3 War En^f an g^
case, of course. England would be overwhelmingly vlctorlo^Englan^a^as,
in ships S w a oul O d nS indicat U e O f P or
SgirnrVs^S'onfy'Europ^ SSToT wfose sailors show skill and fighting
.cngiana is me OI »yj^" J Austria and Italy are weaker than England on
thTwater^oTmu^h^a^exS than even their inferiority in numbers of
men woulfshow. In the wars of the past ( 200 years Bridsh fleets
have often whipped much larger armaments of Spanish and French on the
ocean The only nation of the modern day besides England which has pro
duced greafnava i fighters is the United States.-St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
AMERICANS WILL THINK ABOUT IT.
It would not be in the nature of the American people to be ungrateful for
the friendly expressions that come from Great Britain in this crisis; and this
British sentiment is all the more gratifying in its contrast with the decidedly
inimical tone of the people of the Continent of Europe. But between a feel
ing of grateful recognition and a desire for the Anglo-American alliance
sketched in the Birmingham speech of the Hon. Joseph Chamberlain there is
a wide difference • * * * It is (by Europe) assumed that Mr. Joseph
Chamberlain would not talk so glibly of an Anglo-American alliance, and the
Ministerial organs in England so encouragingly of the seizure of the Philip
pine Islands for an American colony, if a perfect understanding did not exist
between the Cabinets at "Washington and London. • • • • There is no
question o-f ambitious longings for an imperial system under the auspices of
this administration; but between the desire and the accomplishment it is a
long way. As to the British, it does not matter to them what follies the
American people may commit in inaugurating a colonial rule over the millions
of semi-savages of the Philippines. Nor does such an experiment seriously
concern the rest of the European nations. But the American people will think
about it, and while thinking about it they are not to be cajoled into an Anglo-
American alliance by the fulsome flatteries of the Hon. Joseph Chamberlain. —
Philadelphia Record.
THE EMPIRE IS UPON US.
At the beginning of hostilities we suggested that these fearful complica
tions were likely to occur, and the only answer was, "Oh, we can lick the
world." Mr. Chamberlain's speech, in England, declaring for an Anglo-
American alliance, is an awful detonation that marks the closing of the old
and the beginning of a new epoch in the history of the world. It is a trum
pet blast ringing from heaven to hell, that arrays the nations of the world
against each other; all the nations of Latin, or German, or Slav origin
against the Anglo-Saxons. Are we prepared for it? This is the tremendous
phase the war with Spain the American land pirates have inaugurated threat
ens to take on. It is a monstrous thing to contemplate. So ter
rific in its possibilities that men refuse to contemplate it. But that, never
theless, is to be the issue; that is to be the war. All the principles that un
derlie our governmental policy; that Washington and Jefferson taught us and
admonished us, if we desired the perpetuity and glory of our country to ob
serve, are to be "turned down" or to become the mere clap-trap of schools and
of clopet scholars and patriots. War and conquest be before us, the republic
is fading away; war and conquest confront us and the man on horseback
rides out of the shades, the empire is upon, us.— New Orleans Daily States.
TOUCHED BY CORDIALITY.
As we are neither supercilious nor ill-mannered we are much obliged to
England. We have no hesitation in saying that her cordiality has touched
us, and that we are ready to meet her half way in all that makes for Interna
tional good feeling, peace and progress. That is, all that is consistent with
our traditional, time-tested policy of avoiding entangling foreign alliances.
The enthusiasm which Mr. Chamberlain's frank and cordial and practical
friendship for the United States evoked in England is no greater than the
outburst of generous appreciation which it has received and is receiving in
this country. In this connection It is interesting to recall what Thomas Jef
ferson once said on the subject of a good understanding with England: "Great
Britain is the nation which can do us the most harm of any one or all on
earth. With her on our side we need not fear the whole world." And that
was said when our revolutionary wounds were still smarting.— New York
World.
MAY GIVE A FRIENDLY HAND.
Nobody can doubt that England has been the missionary of civilization,
and that taking our part In her tasks we should be "repaying something to
the world" for our blessings. The Continental politicians may call the Eng
lish talk of duty to the dark races hypocrisy, but no man who looks at Eng
lish rule in Egypt and India, who compares English with French, German
and Russian colonizing, can doubt that with the English flag have gone bless
ings never known before by the barbarians over whom it floats, such as no
other flag could have brought them. Whether we are to have a "far-flung
battle line," or, keeping close at home, are to exercise only a moral influence
on the rest of the world, as our ideals of liberty, our promptings of duty, our
standards of humanity are those of England, we may well give a friendly
hand to the "weary Titan" and be glad if, when the fullness of our time has
come, we shall be found helping the English to enlighten the dark places of
the earth.— New York Tribune.
COMBINATION OF PEOPLES.
On the question of a direct alliance, governing future action, publicists
across the border draw a distinction between an alliance that Is offensive and
an alliance that is defensive. They may not be prepared to enter with Great
Britain Into wars of an aggressive character; but they speak with satisfaction
of a combination of both nations to resist aggressive action from one or more
other nations. Nor do they view such a step with feelings other than of pride.
They would like to stand side by side with the old mother land.— Toronto Mail
and Express.
CONSIDERED AS ANGLO-SAXON.
Speaking of Chamberlain's Birmingham speech. Prince Bismarck Is re
ported to have said: "Closer Anglo-American relations are doubtless feasi
ble, but an alliance is improbable, unserviceable to both. Besides, it is a mis
take to call the Americans Saxons." It would be quite as hard to substantiate
this assertion as to refute it, while the burden of proof is upon him who makes
it. The Americans have never called themselves Saxons, but they have al
ways considered that the Anglo-Saxon element predominated in the popula
tion. Prince Bismarck says it does not. To substantiate his assertion he
might have cited the authority of the late Edward Freeman, who asserted that
there was no such a thing as an Anglo-Saxon, and nothing so irritated him as
to talk about the Anglo-Saxon race. The Angles and the Saxons both hav
ing been overthrown and finally subjugated by William the Norman, it is
perhaps incorrect to speak of the English of to-day as Anglo-Saxons, but the
phrase to-day is used synonymously with "English"; and as applied to the
Americans it means descendants of the English. • • • * There are no sta
tistics to determine exactly this question of what race predominates in the
United States, but there is no question that Anglo-Saxon political ideas pre
dominate, and the political ideas and ideals are what really determine the
character of any people. Other races than the Anglo-Saxon have modified
in very small decree the political ideas of this country, and for all practical
purposes it is pre-eminently Anglo-Saxon.— Salt Lake Herald.
CHAMBERLAIN WAS GENEROUS.
that was very generous talk on the part of Mr. Chamberlain at Birming
ham, when he spoke for an alliance of the Anglo-Saxon peoples of the earth.
Just at this time it will be a moral support to us in the Old World for it
amounts to a notice to the nations of the Continent that every battle-ship of
Great Britain is ready to wake its thunders In defense of the stars and stripes
if they elect to interfere in the trouble now on between our country and Spain.
We appreciate the kindness and shall not forget it when the war shall be over.
All those expressions are filed away. But who would have thought a little
while ago that in this year of our Lord, the French people would be jostling
Americans from the sidewalks in Paris, and the Secretary of State for the
Colonies of Great Britain would be recommending an alliance between the
stars and stripes and the cross of St George?— Salt Lake Tribune.
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LEOPOLD OP BELGIUM-T. M. S
Santa Ro?a. Cal. According to the Al
manac h de Gotha, Kink Leopold of Bel
gium is a CathoHc.
VALKYRTE-VIGILANT-A. W. B
ritv This department is unable to nrni
an y 'record of the Vigilant having been
defeated by the Valkyrie in British wat
ers.
A MINER'S INCH-B. S. S., Liver
more Cal. A "miner's inch" is the
amount of water that will pass in twen
ty-four hours through an opening one
inch square, under a pressure of six
inches.
QUOTATION WANTED -C. E. S.,
Fresno, Cal. This correspondent wants
to know where is to be found "My heart
is as gray as my head.' Can any of the
readers of this department inform the
correspondent?
POLL TAX— A. V. J-. Point Arena, Cal.
The question asked about poll tax was
answered in The Call of Saturday. May
14 IS9S in reply to a similar question
propounded by another correspondent.
SERVANT'S WAGES — D. M.. City.
Whether a servant working for a private
family, discharged without cause before
the end of the month, is entitled to a full
month's pay, is a matter of contract at
the time the servant accepted the posi
tion.
THE MONITOR— E. H. W.. City. The
little ironclad Monitor which defeated
the Confederate ironclad Merrimac in
Hampton Roads, March 9. ISP2, was built
by John Ericsson, engineer and invent
or, a native of Langbanshyttan, Sweden,
born July 31, 1803, died March 8, 18S9.
KRAG-JORGENSEN RIFLE— E. F. T.
F., City. A recent test with a Krag-
Jorgensen rifle demonstrated that the
penetrating power of the rifle was
through sixty inches of seasoned pine,
while that of the old army rifle was but
twelve inches.
WEDDING PRESENTS— H. G., City.
Wedding presents have engraved on them
the initials of the newly wedded wife.
They are intended as gifts to the wife
and "not to the maiden, therefore, it would
not be proper to place the initials of her
maiden name upon them.
TROOPS FOR THE PHILIPPINES—
Petricio, City. The reason that cavalry
is not being sent from the National Guard
of California to the Philippine Islands ia
because such branch of the service was
not included for California in the arrang
ing of the quota for .the several States
under the President's call for volunteers.
WASHING i. ON— S. A. ML, City. When
George Washington died the family
homestead at Mount Vernon went to a
nephew, Bushrod Washington, who lived
from 1762 to 1829, and was a Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States from
1798 to 1529. At his death the homp^tead
went to John A. Washington, a nephew,
who disposed of it to the Ladies" Mount
Vernon Association.
"WHITEHEAD TORPEDO— O. W., City.
The Whitehead torpedo is driven by a
propeller moved by compressed air. It
has a speed of 32 to 33 knots an hour for
432 yards, and 30 knots an hour for a run
of 875 yards. The torpedo can be pro
jected from a launching tube or started
by hand. It is capable of regulating or
preserving its depth and direction within
narrow limits in still water; but cross
currents or seaweed may obstruct and in
troduce large variations. It can be set to
explode on contact or after a definite
time, and to either sink or rise to the sur
face after finishing its course.
PRINTING AND WRITING— O. O. T.
S., City. The difference between a spy
who comes to the United States to obtain
information of the fortifications in order
to transmit in writing the same to the
Government that sent him, and the writ
er for a yellow Journal who gives infor
mation through such a paper of the con
dition of the fortifications, is that tha
spy is always an intelligent man, well
versed in the particular line which he is
sent to obtain information about, while
a writer for a yellow journal is one who
knows nothing about the matter he writes
j about, and, therefore, what he furnished
lis so unreliable that a hostile nation
i would not be misled by it. A hostile na
tion wants better information than what
can be found in yellow journals.
Finest eyeglasses, specs; 15c. 65 Fourth;
Cal. glace irult 50c per It> at Townsend's. #
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main XuiZ ■
Among women who have oifered their
services as nurses during the war is tha
beautiful wife of Lieutenant-Commander
Marix, Judge Advocate of the Maine
Board' of Inquiry. She is best known to
the public as Miss" Grace Fllkins, the
leading woman of Charles Coghlan'a
company during this season.
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
A select party of educators and scientist* will
leave San Francisco Monday, .une «. for tha
Grand Canyon of the Colorado, In charge of
Professor Emory Smith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made, and a pleasant and
profitable trip Is sured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe office, 644 Market St.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
CORONAPO— Atmosphere is perfectly <sry.
soft and mild, being entirely frea from tha
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, J65: longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st..
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. K.
Stateler. General A*oßt 633 Market St., 8. F.
For dyspepsia, colic and exhaustion, no remedy
like Parker's <.-in«kr Toxic.
Farkkr's Hair Bai sam Is life to the hair.
.■ ♦ .
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARE
sold on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn,
raising of the food, distress after eating or
Sv form of dyspepsia. One little tablet gives
immediate relief. At No Percentage Phar-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER SPANISH VIC-
TORY!
Spain shouta. Will somebody tell him
when he is licked. He don't realize
that he is badly "done up" already.
You may not realize that your linen is
badly "done up," either, until you com-
Sire it with some of the exquisite work
done at this laundry. Our laundry
wnrk is simply perfect, and can't be
Tmprovld on P A test is all we need to
make you a patron always.
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street Telephone South 420.WILL WELCOME
OUR SOLDIERS
Hawaiians to Fete the
Boys in Blue.
PROMISE OF A BARBECUE.
MEETING CALLED TO FIX UPON
PLANS.
President Dole Denies He Offered to
Cede the Islands to the
United States for
War Purposes.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULT. May 17.— The city is
enthusiasti ; over the war news brought
by the Gaelic an . the hope of being
able to welcome the brave boys who are
expected here on Sunday next. A
meeting- is ■ be called to arrange for
their reception.
The President informed The Call cor
respondent this morning that there was
absolutely no truth in the published
statements that he had written to
"Washington in reference to the cession
of these islands and making further
propositions. He said the cabinet are
patiently awaiting the action of Con
gress and believe that annexation is
probably very near. The Government
will make no further move in this di
rection and it "was again disappointed
in receiving no dispatches from its of
ficials and friends in Washington.
At the instance of this Government
the United States coal yards on the
new esplanade, near the Pacific Mail
■wharf, have been largely increased, but
the tonnage of coal in Honolulu is very
limited at present and probably from
10,000 to 12,000 tons will include the total
supply.
The mail to-day has sorely dampened \
the patriotic ardor of the Honolulu I
hundred volunteers. Their services have
been declined with thanks (through the j
American Minister) on the grounds that j
the States of the Union are perfectly j
willing to suppPy a larger quota than J
is required for actual service. In spite ;
of this disappointment several men |
leave by the steamship Zealandia to- j
day in the hope that their services will
be accept---.!.
When the United States troops arrive ;
here en route to Admiral Dewey they j
will meet with a rousing reception. |
They shall have barbecues and fish
chowders, and, better than all, such a !
hearty welcome a? they will cherish
when returning home crowned with
laurels. Even in the higher courts j
counsel are introducing the glorious !
flag into their arguments to stir the :
hearts of the jury. One counsel went so
far as to move the adjournment of the
court in honor of Admiral Dewey's vic
tory.
The fate of the Pacific cable (or
Pcrymsers) bill will probably be decid
ed to-morrow (after the sailing of the j
Zealandia). The bill has been again i
amended so as to give the exclusive
franchise to Japan from Hawaii to the j
company obtaining the United States '
franchise. Such fact, together with
the name of the company, to be certi- i
fied to by the Secretary of State of the I
United States. It is understood that as
President Dole is supporting the i
Scrymser bill the Government will now j
withdraw its opposition to its passage.
The United States ship Bennington i
has donned her war paint, but still re- !
mains in the harbor. Her officers and '■
men come ashore almost as if in times
of peace.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
SAID TO HAVE AT LEAST
ONE WIFE TOO MANY
Vancouver Citizen Arrested on a
Charge of Bigamy Preferred
by Two Women.
VANCOUVER, B. C May 24.— Marshall
Van Alstine, at one time connected with
the Commercial Plotel here, is under ar
rest on a charge of bigamy. He married
Mrs. Clara Perry, a charming young
widow of this city, last June, while his
first wife, who was Miss Kate Wolff of
Saratoga. Cal., was still alive and undi
vorced.
Van Alstino's first marriagre was con
tracted on March 28, 1895. Shortly after
ogus marriage to Mrs. Perry he
wrote to his wife in Saratoga, and the
re-plies fell into the hands of wife Xo. 2
a few weeks ago. This led the two wo
men f o entering into correspondence, with
the result that Van Alstine was arrested.
His case was remanded to-day, as the po
lice have heard he has yet another wife
In Oakland, Cal., and want to get further
particulars.
SACRAMENTO GUARDING
AGAINST AN EPIDEMIC.
Council Appoints a Committee to In-
vestigate the Sanitary Condition
of the City.
SACRAMENTO. May 24.— Still following
the warning of The Call to the people of
Sacramento against the possibility of a
general typhoid fever epidemic, the City
Board of Trustees has appropriated $30)
to meet the expenses attending a thor
ough investigation into the sanitary con
dition of the city. Drs. Huntingdon and
Henderson and Trustee Tebbets, all of
whom have given interesting Interviews,
already published in The Call, and Trus
tee Dolan were appointed as a Joint
committee to make the investigation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE BEST.
The '98 Cleveland
BICYCLES !
BETTER THAN EVER AND THE PRICE
ONLY
$50, $65 and $75,
Honest Cycles at Honest Prices.
LIBERAL ALLOWANCE FOR YOUR OLD
WHEEL,.
LEAVITT~& BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 Larlcin. St., S. F\
SO San. F»a,lolO ay©., Oakland.
"WHOLESALE— H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
iui and 306 McAllister sU
CORPORATION
TAX DISCUSSED
Opposition Speeches in
the Senate.
DENOUNCED BY LINDSAY.
KENTUCKY DEMOCRAT NOT
WITH HIS PARTY.
Opening Prayer of the Chaplain In
cludes a Plea for a Union
of English Speaking
Races.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Hlg£3 House,
Washington, May 24.
That feature of the war revenue
measure placing a tax of one-quarter
of 1 per cent upon th; gross receipts
of corporations was under discussion
in the Senate throughout ihe day's ses-
Bion. Incidentally the proposed tax on
bank deposits was adverted to. The
principal speeches were delivered by
Platt (R.) of Connecticut and Lindsay
(D.) of Kentucky, both of whom
strongly attacked the corporation tax.
The Senate chaplain's invocation at
the opening: of the session was a hymn
of thanksgiving for the seventy-ninth
birthday of '"The beloved Victoria,
Queen of Great Britain." The prayer
was as follows:
O thou Prince of all Kings, we come
into thy presence with a hymn of thanks
giving as we celebrate the seventy-ninth
birthday of her gracious Majesty the
Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and
Empress of India, whose conduct and
character as daughter, wife, mother,
friend, as well as gracious sovereign, has
won and kept for her the loyal devotion
of her own people and the reverent re
gard of all true people, of whatsoever
name and race, around the globe. We
pray thee to spare her life, grant her
health, maintain the eminence of her
sovereignty, and when the departure
hence shall come may she go in peace,
comfort and joy. Knit the hearts of the
people who speak the English tongue
more strongly together, that we may
work out the mighty problem of the
highest civilization of the whole earth.
After the transition of some routine
business the war revenue measure was
laid before the Senate. By agreement
paragraphs relating to corporation
i taxes were under consideration, the
i pending question being the amendment
i of McEnery of Louisiana, exempting
: from the corporation tax "limited
! liability commercial partnerships or
I corporations and companies or corpora
, tions of limited liability conducting
i planting or farming business or pre
: paring for market products of the soil."
Allen of Nebraska thought if the
i amendment included the big sugar cor
i porations it ought not to be adopted.
j Daniel of Virginia expressed his oppo
! sition to the amendment, saying that
he thought farming and planting inter
ests were sufficiently protected in the
j pending bill. Frye of Maine declared
' that the proposed tax on corporations
: was a good scheme to encourage enlist
i ment in the United States army.
"I fully and firmly believe," said he,
"that if this feature of the bill be en
acted into law one million men will be
out of work."
Platt of Connecticut declared that
the corporation tax was unnecessary,
and he believed it unconstitutional.
Lindsay of Kentucky, in the course
of an extended legal argument upon
the corporation tax feature of the bill,
said it was impossible for the Govern
ment to levy taxes of this kind except
on consumption and on industry. He
maintained that it was the part of wis
dom for Congress to enact only such
legislation as would be beyond con
troversy in the courts. In this time o*
great emergency in the country's his
tory Congress ought to give to the Gov
ernment dollars and not lawsuits with
which to conduct the war.
In the course of a discussion of the
question of issuing bonds and the legal
tender notes, Lindsay maintained that
the paper money issued during the
Civil War was the dearest kind of
money. The largest part of it bore in
terest at the rate of 6 or 7 per cent,
while the bonds proposed in the pend
ing bill called for only 3 per cent inter
est. If his bill should become a law as
it stands, Lindsay urged, the Republi
can administration would redeem the
greenbacks issued under it in gold, and
would, if necessary, sell bonds under
the act of 1875 in order to get gold. He
further maintained that by the pro
posed issue of legal tender notos the
Democrats in favor of such issue were
simply placing that power in the hands
of speculators to raid the gold re
serve of the Gc-vernment.
"This bill." said Lindsay, "con
templates that we will use all the
money in the treasury except the $100,
000,000 of gold held as a redemption
fund and that we will issue greenbacks
so that at the end of the year all the
money in the treasury will be the hun
dred million of gold."
Lindsay then presented the sup
posititious case of a syndicate present
ing greenbacks at the treasury to the
full amount of the gold reserve and
drawing it out, and then that of an
other syndicate presenting another
hundred millions of greenbacks the
next day.
"Where," he inquired, "is the gold to
come from to meet the second de
mand ?"
Lindsay maintained that the syn-
d icates would raid the gold reserve
| of the Government and that if the legal
| tender notes were issued they would
certainly be redeemed in gold, and if
reissued would again be redeemed in
gold.
"We shall have an opportunity then,"
said Cockrell, "to test the patriot
ism of holders of greenbacks and see
whether they will raid the treasury to
obtain its gold. I'd like to know
whether they are such unadulterated
patriots."
"The difference between me and the
Senator from Missouri," replied
Lindsay, "is that he still believes the
gold raiding syndicates are patriots
and I do not. They will take every ad
vantage offered them, even in time of
war."
At the conclusion of Lindsay's
speech the revenue bill was laid aside.
On motion of Allison the Senate
agreed to meet at 11 o'clock to-mor
row. After the transaction of some
routine business the Senate then at
4:33 p. m. went into executive session,
after which the Senate adjourned.
Visalia Bep-ablican Club.
VISALIA, May 23.— A Republican club
has been organized here in readiness for
the approaching campaign. A. J. Pills
bury, candidate for the Kepublic&n nomi
nation for Congress in thia district, was
the leading spirit in organizing the club.
The officers elected ore: President, Frank
D. McClure; vice-president, J. G. Martin;
secretary, E. M. Jefferds; treasurer, U.
T. Clotfelter. As delegates to the State
League, to meet in San Francisco, E. O.
Larklns, A. G. Wishon, M. J. Rouse and
George W. Stewart were elected.
Those who wish to see the volunteer fleet
oft* to the Philippines can take the steamer
Ukiah and help the Red Cross Society to which
the total receipts will be donated. Tickets 50
cents. For sale at Tiburon ferry a couple of
hours before departure of fleet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
FALLING OFF IN
YUKON TRAFFIC
Charterers of Vessels
Disappointed.
SMALL PASSENGER LISTS
RATE WAR MAY SOON BE UNDER
WAY.
Owners Hope That the Government
Will Charter Some of the
Craft for Troop
Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. May 24.— As the Yukon
River season approaches it is becoming
evident that more steamers have been
brought around from England and the
Atlantic Coast for the St. Michael
route than the business now in sight
will justify. Rates have been estab
lished, but it is considered very doubt
ful If the smaller steamers will main
tain them if, as seems likely, they see
the larger part of the business going
to larger and bc'ter equipped boats.
Owners and charterers of St. Michael
steamers are somewhat worried.
They see clearly that their vessels
will not have full passenger lists on the
first trip leaving the Sound early in
June, and base their hopes for a fairly
successful season on two things: First,
that several steamers now booking for
St. Michael, such as the Ohio and the
Pennsylvania, will be chartered by the
Government for troop ships; and sec
ond, that the arri al of treasure ships
early in July will cause such a Klon
dike rush that their steamers will be
crowded on their second and possibly
their third trips to St. Michael.
The British steamer Pakshan is one
of the vessels offered by its charterers
to the Government, lhrough strong in
fluence at Washington the Danish
steamer Centennial, now at Seattle, has
been given an American register for
troopship purposes.
The largeit steamer chartered for the
St. Michael trade is the 4000 ton eteel
steamship Garonne, due in ten days
from London, where she was taken out
of the Orient Royal Mail line between
London and Australia. She has 2000
tons of British supp-.es aboard for Yu
kon trading posts. Over fifty Yukon
River steamers have been built at San
Francisco, Tacoma. Portland, Everett,
Ballard Seattle and Dutch Harbor.
There are fifteen boats now on the
river. Betwee:. June and October there
promises to be almost a continuous
line of smoke above the sinuous Yukon.
Difficulty is now being experienced get
ting pilots and engineers for all these
craft.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 22, article 2, chapter 1
is in conflict with section 8, article
11 of the constitution. That section
authorizes the amendment of the
charter whenever a petition shall be
presented. The constitution provides
that it shall be amended only at in
tervals of two years at either general
or special elections.
CONDEMN THE PROPOSED
ANGLO-SAXON ALLIANCE.
United Irish Societies of Chicago
Pass Resolutions Denouncing
It as Suicidal.
CHICAGO, May 24.— The United Irish
societies of Chicago, at a big mass
meeting in Central Music Hall, presid
ed over by John M. Smythe, adopted
resolutions emphatically condemning
the suggested alliance between the
United States and Great Britain. The
resolutions denounce the alliance as un
called for, and greatly at variance with
American traditions and the senti
ments of a majority of the American
people who are not of British birth or
ancestry. It is declared that such an
alliance would result in a European
combination against the United States
and would make us partners in the
crimes of the British nation against
weaker states and defenseless people.
The resolutions "call upon the Ameri
can Government, executive and legis
lative, to repudiate a policy so suicidal
that it cannot fail to fall with disgust
on millions of loyal American citizens."
The principal speaker, John G. Finerty,
said:
"We will fight this alliance on the
platform and at the polls. We are will
ing and eager to fight for America, but
we will never fire a shot or lose a sin
gle drop of blood for England."
■»
LEMON MARKET IN AN
UNSETTLED CONDITION.
Attributed to the Backward Spring,
Which Has Checked the Demands
of Consumption.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The Journal of
Commerce says: The market for lemons
is in a somewhat unsettled condition,
which is attributed to the cold and wet
spring, which has checked demands for
consumption. The limited demand from
the West so far this season is attributed
to greater competition from California,
which, with a liberal crop, has reached
out into new markets, to the detriment
of business in Sicily fruit in the West.
Notwithstanding the fact that California
lemons have, up to recent sale, had West
ern markets against imported fruit, the
latter is now beginning to receive more
attention from Western trade, and it is
said that it will holii up better during the
hot weather than the Pacific Coast prod
uct, and for that reason Middle West
handlers of green fruits have recently
shown more disposition to buy Sicily
lemons for their late spring and summer
requirements.
At late auction sales, It is reported,
brokers have had many orders to fill from
Western clients, and it is stated their
bids have done much to keep the market
up to its present level.
ADDBESSED BY DR. LAW.
Practical Advice to the Pacific Coast
Students' Conference.
SANTA CRUZ, May 24.— The work of
.the Pacific Coast students to-day was
somewhat different from that of pre
vious days, the first hour being de
voted to a president's conference, in
which the presidents of the college dele
gations discussed leadership methods
to be employed in future work. The
presidents' conference was followed by
a missionary conference, which was led
by B. L. St. John and then the address
of Rev. Dr. V. Marshall Law, rector of
the Church of the Advent of Oakland,
was delivered.
Dr. Law talked to the conference
about the vital questions of a career in
life which always confronts the young
man upon his entrance into the active
work of the world and touched upon
the benefits and disadvantages of the
various business careers. He showed
the inestimably greater value of follow
ing the calling of a servant of the Lord.
WINNERS OF
EASTERN RACES
Sorrow Captures a Six-
Furlong Event.
SAPPHIRE STAKES DECIDED.
ORDERLETTE DRAWS DOWN THE
PURSE.
Sir Vassar and Damieh Run a Dead
Heat for the Amateur
Cup at Morris
Park.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— Th» weather
was clear and track fast.
Maiden two-year-olds, five furlongs. By
George won, JJaJidy H second Olli'e S
third. Time, 1:03.
Seven and a half furlongs, Bridgeton
won, Farondelle second, Parole dOr third
Time, 1:36.
Six furlongs, selling. Sorrow won Mit
chell second, Empress Josephine third
Time, 1:15)4.
Handicap, one mile and a sixteenth The
Elector won, Fervor second, imp Skate
third. Time, 1:47.
Seven furlongs, Ed Farrell won, Our
Chance second, Libation third. Time,
1:23^4.
One mile, selling, St. Rogue won, Linda
second, Laureate third. Time, 1:41%.
CINCINNATI, May 24.— Orderlette
won the Sapphire, the first two-year
old stake of the meeting, at Oakley to
day. The race was worth $1500 to the
winner. Weather fine; track fast.
Five furlongs, Parker Bruce won, Fla
vius second, Bannle third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs, Panchita II won Petrel
second, Maggie S third. Time, 1-16
One mile, selling, St. Helena won
Spaldy V second, Skylark third. Time
1:44*4.
Five furlongs, the Sapphire stakes, Or
derlette won. Preliminary second. May ml a
M third. Time, 1:03^..
One and an eighth miles, Banished won
Elkin second, Eddie Burke third Time*
l:56 a '
One mile, selling. Countess Irma won
The Monon second, Colleen third. Time,
NEW YORK, May 24.— Results at
Morris Park:
Seven furlongs. Filament won, Her Own
second, Charentus third. Time, 1:31.
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Roy
sterer won. Extreme second, Kirkwood
third. Time, :r>6\.
Six furlongs, Hanwell won, lambent
second. Ten Spot third. Time, 1:13.
Pocantico, one and a sixteenth miles.
Sly Fox won, Mont dOr second, George
Keene third. Time, 1:40^4.
Amateur cup. selling, one mile, Sir Vas
sar and Damlen ran a dead heat by two
lengths in front of Knight of the Garter.
Time, 1:47»*.
One mile and a furlong, Don de Oro
won, Ben Ronald second, Royal Stag
third. Time, 1:48*4-
ACCEPTS THE PORTFOLIO
DECLINED BY CASTILLO.
Duke Almedvar de Rio Becomes
Spain's Minister of For
eign Affairs.
MADRID, May 24.— Duke Almedvar
de Rio has accepted the portfolio of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Spring Medicines," "Blood Purifiers" and
"Tonics" an O!d-Fashioned
Pure blood, strong nerves and muscles,
firm, healthy flesh, can only come from
wholesome food well dis<si •■<!. "Blood
purifiers" and "nerve tonic" do not roach
the cause of the mischief. The stomach
Is the point to be looked after. The
safest and surest way to cure any form
of indigestion is to take after each meal
some harmless preparation of this kind
composed of vegetahle essf-ncos, pure pep-
sin, golden seal and fruit salts, sold by
druggists under name of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets, and these tablets tak^n after
meals assist digestion wonderfully, be-
a
JAMES BUHNS.
Ex-Collector of the Port of Kansas City.
Of the men who have occupied positions of public trust in Kansas City, either
by gift of the people or by appointment, none has a more enviable reputation for
ability, honesty and efficiency than James Burns, Collector of the Port of Kansas
City under Grover Cleveland. He lived to the letter the maxim, "A public office
is a public trust." and when he retired he carried with him the respect of every
one in the community — Democrats and Republicans alike.
James Burns has used Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and he does not hesitate
to say they have accomplished wonders.
"I suffered with dyspepsia for twenty years," said Mr. Burns yesterday.
"Never knew what it was to enjoy life — in fact living seemed a burden, as it
does to all who suffer severely with dyspepsia. A few months ago T began taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. From the first I felt relief, and now, although I
am still taking them, I feel entirely cured. For the first time in twenty years I
can eat anything I want and suffer no ill effects from it. You can't imagine the
pleasure of this unless you have been a dyspepsia sufferer.
"I never gave a testimonial for any medicine before, but I feel as if everybody
ought to know of this remedy, and while it is personally distasteful to me to
appear in print in this connection, I feel as if I had no right to shirk the opportu-
nity to perhaps help some other sufferers from dyspepsia. I have been recom-
mending the Tablets to all my friends. Only recently I took James H. Lillis, the
father of Father Lillis. down to get some, and I understand he also is being won-
aerfully benefited. I can't recommend it too highly.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, which was
declined by Castillo, the Spanish Em
bassador at Paris. The Duke informed
a correspondent that he did not desire
the office, but accepted it on patriotic
grounds. The new Minister added:
"Every Spaniard is bound to devote
all his powers to the defense of the
country."
It is believed Senor Gomazo, the pres
ent Minister of Public Instruction and
Liberal leader, will replace Senor Puig
ceiver, now Minister of Finance, who
has absolutely declined in the Cortes
to agree to an income tax, and who is
consequently expected to resign. Senor
Gamazo favors the proposed impost.
CINCINNATI BEATEN
BY BROOKLYN'S TEAM.
Stupid Playing Knocks a Few Points
From the Percentage of
the Leaders.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club— W. L. Pet. I Club— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..20 7 .741 Pittsburg ...15 15 .500
Cleveland ...20 8 .714 Philadelphia 10 14 .417
New Y0rk... 17 10 .629 Brooklyn ...10 14 .417
Boston 18 11 .621 Louisville ... 9 21 .300
Baltimore ..14 9 .609 St. Louis 9 18 .333
Chicago 1* 13 .51S, Washington. 6 21 .214
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 24.— Colo
nels could not hit Meekin, and the Giants
had no trouble In -winning. Attendance,
1100. «Score: , r h £
New York 6 15 1
Louisville 1 6 0
Batteries— Meekln, Orady and Warner; Cun
ningham and Wilson. Umpires— and
Heydler.
PITTSBURG, May 24.— Pittsburgh won
its second game from Philadelphia In a
contest full of brilliant plays. Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
R. xx. E.
Pittsburg * S -5
Philadelphia 3 8 2
Batteries— Killen, Schrlver; Orth and McFar
land. Umpires— Emslle and Andrews.
CINCINNATI. May 24.— The Re<"s
played stupid ball to-day and Brooklyn
won. Attendance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 8 3
Brooklyn 6 13 3
Batteries— Dwyer' and Peltz: R. Miller ana
Grim. Umpires— and McDonald.
CLEVELAND, May 24.— Evans was wild
in to-day's game, and the Indians had an
easy time defeating the Senators. Attend
ance, 400. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 9 0
Washington 0 7 10
Batteries— Wilson and O'Connor; Evans and
Farrell. Umpires— and Curry.
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— The Browns de
feated the Bean .Eaters to-day by a streak
of opportune batting. Decker was pros
trated by heat as he went to bat in the
first inning and retired from first base In |
favor of Sugden. Attendance, 4000. Score: |
R. H. E. I
Boston 10 12 2;
St. Louis 12 17 5
Batteries— hoof, Taylor and Clements;
Willis, Lewis and Bergen. Umpires—Swart
wood and Wood.
CHICAGO, May 24.— Orphans
bunched nine hits for s?ven runs in the
first and then went all to pieces. Both
teams batted savagely. Attendance, 3400.
Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago 13 17 6
Baltimore 15 19 10
Batteries— Griffith. Kllroy and Donahue and
Chance: Hughes and Nops and Bowerman.
Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
War Munitions for Cubans.
MOBILE, May 24.— The Fanita, the
400-ton Cuban expedition steamer, fin
ished loading: and took on coal this
afternoon. At 3 o'clock she took a pilot
and dropped down the channel, bound
probably for Tampa, but no one knows
precisely her destination. There were
four patriots on board — Brigadier-Gen
eral Rafael Rodriguez and his aids,
Colonels Torres, Triste and Nunez.
Four carloads of material were taken
on the vessel, consisting of ammuni
tion, guns and stores.
House Proceedings.
WASHINGTON May 24.— The session
of the House to-day was brief. Several
Idea.
■ cause they will digest the food promptly
before It has time to ferment and sour,
and the weak stomach relieved and as-
sisted in this way soon becomes strong
' and vigorous again.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are superior
to any secret patent medicines because
you know what you are taking into your
stomach.
They are sold by druggists everywhere
;at 50 cents per package. Write F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich., for book on
stomach diseases, mailed free.
bills were passed, notably those for the
organization of the naval hospital
corps, to facilitate military trials for
small offenses, and to authorize the ap
pointment of a commission to allot cer
tain lands to secure the cession of the
Uintah Indians from their reservation
in Utah.
LOST THREE HUNDRED
MEN AT CIENFUEGOS.
Cubans Claim a Spanish Regiment
Was Almost Annihilated
by Our Ships.
NEW YORK, May 24.— A dispatch
from Key West says: Colonel Jova of
the Cuban army reports that the Span
ish Santa Catalina regiment, which at
tacked the gunboat Nashville at Cien
fuegos, lost 300 men. The Cubans found
1100 wounded Spaniards in the hospital
at Santa Clara, all injured in fights
with American vessels at Cardenas and
Cienfuegos.
Reserves Awaiting a Call.
SANTA CBUZ, May 24.— The naval
reserves are awaiting orders to be
called into service. Last night at their
regular drill they were addressed by
their commander, Lieutenant Lindsay,
who told them he had reason to believe
they would be called upon. They were
then asked who would volunteer, and of
the seventy-three members sixty-Dine
were ready to go.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it fixes the maximum amount
that may be allowed the Tax Collector
for collecting licenses and taxes at
$36,000 per year. This amount would
be insufficient to employ the neces
sary force. The Tax Collector now
pays for deputies $35,000 a year, and
they collect no licenses.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, May Mrs. Cather
ine A. Sutherland, formerly of Santa
Rosa, but for the past four years a
resident of Santa Cruz, died last night.
She was a native of New York and 79
years of age.
♦
ADVE3TISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." ErUUhMedieaUournal
CAUTION: See mat the label bear* Oietlgna-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACES! RACES! RAGES!
Next Friday!
§ Next Friday!
Next Friday I
AT THE
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
Red Cross Society
Sanitary California
Under the Auspices of th»
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
And the
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FIVE RACES. !
ADMISSION $1. SOLDIERS 50c.
SPECIAL BOATS leave at 12, 12:30, 1, 1:80, I,
2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting with trains run- j
ning direct to the track gate.
Plenty of room and seats for all.
Returning, special trains leave race track at
4:15 and 4:45 and Immediately after the last
race.
Purchase tickets at ferry depot for Shell
Mound. ' .
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED., MAT 25.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
EZRA KENDALL, Original Monolog-ulst.
CARROLL JOHNSON, Famous Minstrel.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY & "WAT, Ventriloquist and Dancing
Doll; HARRY ALLISTER. Impersonator; SA-
VANS Acrobatic Comedians; MANHATTAN
COMEDY FOUR; JEROME & BELL. Posi-
tively last three night* of KERNER'S
VISIONS OF ART. New Subjects.
ALCAZAR 6EAT pho^e,
W CvZVx/XIV PHONE,
Jr\l^\^r\£^Jr^l\» MAIN 254.'
A PRONOL-nCED SUCCESS.
Of the Eminent Actor,
LEWIS MORRISON,
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY IN
"YORICK'S LOVE!"
Prices 15c. 25c. 35c, We. ; ...
Next Week, Matinee Decoration Day— "THE
MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WILL GIVE
TWO ADDITIONAL CONCERTS,
Thursday Afternoon, May 26, and
Friday Evening, May J7,
SHERMAN, CLAY HALL.
Solos by FRANZ KNEISEL and ALWIN
SCROEDER.
Prices $2 and $1 60.
Beats now on sale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'i,
Sutter and Kearny streets.
TflE GALLANT FIRST REGIMENT
Wu Captured on Market Street by the Ani-
matosoope and is Shown
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in th«
FREE THEATER.
BURIAL of the MAINE SAILORS by th«
ANIMATOSCQPE. "VISIONS OF
ART." etc.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, So.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦-»■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
+ GONSOLIDATIONI
♦ SALE I
+ ' - . --. ' iß j. ■♦■.
X ♦
> IN X
I SILKS I
■♦■ +
+ AND +
: VELVETS!:
I * ♦
♦ Although every department >•
+ is BRIMMING with BAR- ♦
♦ GAINS as the result of the X
X MERCILESS CUTS IN +
PRICES at which we are ♦
♦ clearing out the FINAL 1
I SHIPMENTS of our MAM- +
♦ MOTH LOS ANGELES ♦
X STOCK, we invite special ~t
♦ • attention to the following ♦
♦STRIKING VALUES
♦ OFFERED TO-DAY. X
♦ . +
I Silk Department! I
"*" Rf\r> W* yards COLORED +
-♦- OVC FIGURED SATIN; Los Ange- ~
a les price $1 00; marked down +
"^ to 60c a yard. .
±1 Kfk/-» *°° yards CHANGE ABLE a
"♦" OUt SILK VELVET; Lob Angeles ~
■+. price $1 50; marked down to +
, &0c a yard. .
-♦■ Ctf\r> *°° yards. COLORED TAPTE- -♦"
I OVFw TA SILK; Los Angeles price a
"T 75c; marked down to «0c a ~
+ yard. -♦■
■♦■ H.PZ.r' s°° yards BLACK BROCADED ♦
DOt SATIN; Los Angeles price 85c; -+
-T- marked down to 600 a yard. .
"*" »7f5/^ 800 yards 24-INCH BLACK .4.
4. (Ut DUCHESSE SATIN: Los An- \
geles price $1 00; marked down -r
■T . to 75c a yard.
"*" d AA W 0 yards PLAID TAPITE- -♦■
4. *{>*•'-'" TA SILK; Los Angeles 4-
price $1 50; marked down . '
+ - to $1 00 a yard. "♦■
♦ Crt If\ 900 yards 27-INCH COL- ♦•
+ pl«lU ORED TAFFETA SILK; +
Los Angeles price $1 85; '
+ marked down to $1 10 a -T-.
. yard. .
+ 4.
! + [wlf Murphy Building-, w +"•
I Martet M Jones Streets. ♦
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Special Extra "Week of the Engagement,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
Hanley.
TO-NIGHT AND THURSDAY,
"MONBARS."
Remainder of Week— "THE FACE IN THB
MOONLIGHT."
EXTRA !
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. MAY N.
Mr. John H. Martin Present*
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
IN
THE NEW DOMINION
An Excellent Company In Support.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT! Friday and Saturday Night md
Saturday Matinee.
The Great Violinist,
. . . .YSAYE. . . . - v
Accompanied by the World's Greatest Cellist,
GERARDY. and the Distinguished Pianist,
LACHAUME.
Prices $2, $1 50. $1 and 60c.
To-morrow Evening— Only Time.
MRS. MARY ELIZABETH LEABES.
In Lecture. "SIGNS OF OUR TIMES."
CALIFORNIA_ THEATER.
The Strongest Specialty Company on Toil*.
Matinees To-day, Saturday and Sunday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His Wonderful
Trained Riding Baboon, JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trapeze Artist.
OTHER BIG ACTS—
Popular Prices. 15c. 25c and 60c.
Special Holiday Matinee Next Monday.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco. Sole Lessee and Maaacae.
AL.L THIS WEEK.
Under Special Star Engagement.
Under Special Star Engagement.
The Brilliant Singing Boubrett*,
JESSIE NORTON,
—AND— :
WM. J. ELLEFORD,
Th« Eminent Manager and Comedian, in Their
Excruciatingly Funny Success,
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND
HER SON IKE."
The Most Laughable Comedy Ever Written.
New Faces In the Cast. A Host of New Spec-
ialties.
Not a Dull Moment in the Performance.
Evening Prices.... 10c. 25c, 50«
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
y.^.>THIS EVENING.
The Musical Travesty in Three Acts.
"THE POSTER"
"IT MOVES— IT BREATHES."
•Wl^W/ SCENERY. COSTUMES,
nEW BALLETS, EFFECTS.
Libretto by J. P. WILSON and L. G. CAR-
■ , . PENTER.
Music by CHESTER S. PACKARD.
Popular Prices ••• — 25c and 600
No Telephone.
nf VMDIA I Co '"« r of Miton «nd
VL, y mr i a | . Eddy s . f#9tt
More soul-Inspiring war scenes, new life plo- :
tures by the Biograph, the greatest of perfecto-
Bcopes, United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships. • torpedo boats and : thrilling Havana '
scenes. ■ and a strong olio of ten Great | Special-
ties. ; Matinee every Sunday. Admission free. :
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from lira, until 11 p. m. <V
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN Sg
Bathing, with admission, ,25c; cbildxea, 30c,-,
78
SHALL THIS YOKE BE WORN?
Or>e Man a Czar and Maoy
Pernicious Grafts of
Power.
THE day for Freeholders of this
city to decide whether they shall
defeat a proposed organic law is
near at hand. The Call, pursuant
to the policy that has led it to
permit a free discussion of the strong
and weak points of the new charter, to
day presents some further facts that
militate against the instrument which
is to be voted on by the people.
It is well to view the defects carefully
and .decide the matter with wisdom.
After takinga calm view of theobjections
presented, some of which follow In de
tail, the reader will be prepared to say
whether an instrument open to so
many objections is the proper thing for
the government of the growing city of
San Francisco.
The discussions which appear pre
sent the case in a variety of phases, so
that people in all ranks of life may
have an opportunity to see not only
how the document affects their par
ticular interests but how it influences
the welfare of the entire population.
McGOWAN SHOWS DEFECTS
A Logical Portrayal of Weak
Points In the New-
Charter.
The following synopsis of the pro
posed new charter was written by ex-
THE NEW CHARTER
MISTREATS TEACHERS
Principal Philip Prior Shows Many Defects in
the Proposed Organic Law.
A circular hag been sent to the teachers, signed by Messrs. Mark, Denman and
Mrs. Burke, in which an effort is made to show that no harm will come to the
School Department should the charter ba adopted.
It starts with the statement that the schools are State institutions, and
therefore nothing <-ould be done for the teachers in the matter of annuities; it
ignores the fact that while this may be the case with regard to the schools, the
teachers are employed by the city and county, and can be treated In this matter
aa In all others like any other employes of the city and county.
An attempt Is also made to mislead the teachers -with reference* to thepayment
of their salaries. It may be tnie that the teachers are a continuous body and
that they shall he paid on the fifth of every month, but it is nowhere stated that
they shall be hired by the year and that there shall bo twelve monthly payments.
Teachers have been hired elsewhere during good behavior, and were paid in some
instances for ten months and in others for eleven months, and they were paid
on the first of every month. It may be true that the teachers are employes of
a State system, but it is not true that they are employes of the State; far from
it, they are employed by the Board of Education of San Francisco and can be
uismissed by said board. Hence the rule that applies to the employes of any
other board applies equally to the Board of Education.
Section S3. page 145. of the charter reads: "No deputy clerk or employe of the
city and county shall be paid for a greater time than that covered by his actual
service." Thi3 will mean that teachers will lose pay when they are not actually
engaged In working the same as any other employes of the city and county. This
will be so construed by the courts.
If any teacher will carefully examine the statistics given in the paper he will
find that the amount realized on $2S for each child in average dally attendance
of the preceding rear Ikis, In several instances, been too small to meet the ex
pense. Tlih d< flciency for the year 1896-97 reached, according to this report, the
sum of $46,000. Tli» deficiency for this year will reach a much higher figure.
Had the proposed charter been in force during these years the teachers would
have lost thi> money. The Board of Education would have got out of the diffi
culty by declaring a vacation of one month.
How has it been with the teachers under the present system? It may be
faulty, but have they ever lost one cent?
Ladles and gentlemen, let no one deceive you. While the proposed charter haa
been, as has been shown elsewhere, extravagant in its demands for school pur
poses generally, it has been very niggardly in its treatment of the teachers.
Senator Frank McGowan. Mr. Mc-
Gowan represented Hurnboldt County
in the State Senate and Assembly for
ten years. He was chairman of the
Senate Judiciary Committee for two
forms, and as the leading lawyer of the
Senate became thoroughly familiar
with San Francisco charter and other
legislation. Being requested by The
Call to give his opinion of the proposed
charter he prepared the following,
which raises many new and Interesting
objections to the instrument:
For the purposes of this statement it
will be* assumed that every portion of
the proposed new charter is constitu
tional. As a matter of fact, however,
this is extremely unlikely. If the in
strument in all its parts were subject
ed to close legal scrutiny it would prob
ably be found that a sufficient number
of its most important features are in
conflict with the constitution and gen
eral laws to make it practically inop
erative. The constitution provides that
all charters framed under the provi
sions of section 8 of article XI shall be
consistent, with and subject to the laws
of the State — except in "municipal af
fairs." (Sec. 6, Art. XI, amendment of
1896.) The question whether "munici
pal affairs" applies to any subject upon
which the Legislature chooses to leg
islate is an open question. Our Su
preme Court has nut yet interpreted
the words "municipal affairs" in such
a manner as to make the l.'ne of de
markation between general laws af
fecting "municipal affairs" and other
general laws plain to the legal frater
nity.
For Instance, sections 6 and 7 of
chapter 2, article I of the proposed
charter prescribes a method under
which franchises for the operation of
street railways may be obtained from
the municipality. The system thus
outlined is in conflict with the statute
enacted in 1897 upon the Baxne subject.
(Stats. 1897, page 135). If. therefore,
the Legislature possesses power to en
nct a general law regulating the grant
ing of street railway franchises, either
as a statutory enactment or as a chap
ter of the Code, the provisions of the
proposed charter upon the same sub
ject are unconstitutional.
What has been said with reference
to sections G and 7, supra, may be said
with respect to the system set up by
the proposed charter for the improve
ment of streets and sewers. There are
general statutes upon the subject of
street improvements. (Statute 1885, p.
147; statute 1889, p. 70; statute 1893, p.
33). While chapters 2 and 3 of article
VI of the proposed charter resemble
these statutes In many ways, they con
flict in important respects with them.
Here again the same question arises:
If the Legislature has power to pass
general street laws under the consti
tutional amendments adopted in 189G,
one of which contains the phrase
"municipal affairs," the provisions of
the charter with respect to the im
provement, opening and widening of
streets and construction of sewers are
unconstitutional.
I have not entered into a discussion
of the constitutional questions In
volved in the proposed charter for the
reason that the pubject, in order to be
treated exhaustively, would require a
great deal of Investigation which might
result in little of real practical value.
Whether the proposed charter is liable
to be disemboweled by the Supreme
Court soon after its adoption can only
be determined by future developments,
The subject is so uncertain and sur
rounded with so much that is specula
tive, that a legal opinion, while It
might throw a great deal of light upon
it, would, after all, leave the questions
involved practically as obscure as ever.
I will, therefore, devote this state
ment to a brief exposition of practical
objections to the proposed charter. For
this purpose the instrument has been
considered from a utilitarian stand
point, with strict reference to its avail
ability as a working statute, which, if
adopted and ratified by the legisla
ture, would provide San Francisco with
a rational, safe, conservative and ef
fective government.
POWERS OF THE MAYOR.
The theory of the proposed charter Is
plain. It has been framed upon the
principle of centralization and individ
ual responsibility. Practically, all po
litical power has been placed in the
hands of an official called Mayor. That
official Is the creator of and is made an
irresponsible check upon every depart
ment and function of the government.
He is elected for two years and is paid
a salary of $6000 a year. It is provided
i that the Mayor, who shall be elected In
I the year 1899, section 36, article 16,
shall appoint a firr commission and a
police commission consisting of four
members each, an election commission,
a Board of Health and a park cnmmis
j sion consisting of five members each,
[ a Board of Education consisting of four
' members, a civil service commission
I consisting of three members, and a
Board of Public Works consisting of
three members.
Into the hands of these boards and
commissions the charter places the en
tire administrative government of the
city and county of San Francisco. The
Mayor is authorized to remove any
commission or board or member thereof
at his pleasure. He Is merely required
to give his reasons in writing to the
Board of Supervisors. (Section 20, ar
ticle 16.)
As may readily be perceived this
makes each board or commission prac
tically the abject slave of the execu
tive. With the power to remove at
pleasure, the entire independence of
every administrative bureau is de
stroyed. Not only is the Mayor thus
empowered to create officials and rule
them at pleasure, but he is practically
invested with the authority to fix ap
propriations for the various depart
ments. The Board of Supervisors is
authorized to pass an annual appro
priation bill or budget. (Section 3, chap
ter 1, article 3.) The Mayor may, within
ten days thereafter, veto this bill in
whole or in part, and the concurrence
of fifteen Supervisors is necessary to
pass it or any item over his veto. (Sec
tion 4. supra.) The proposed charter,
therefore, places in the hands of the ex
ecutive more than two-thirds of all the
pntronage and all the appropriations of
the city and county.
The Board of Public Works Is to have
charge of all work upon the public
buildings and the grounds, streets and
sewers. (Article C.) While this board
is certain in practical operation to be
little or nothing more than a commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors its
members will still, under the rod of the
Mayor, he in a position to absolutely
control every plan of public improve
ment.
The Fire Commission is invested with
authority to appoint members of the
fire department and control and regu
late their functions.
The Police Commission is invested
'• with authority to appoint a chief of
\ police, police captains, lieutenants and
; sergeants and one police officer for each
five hundred Inhabitants of the city and
county.
The Board of Health Is given juris
diction over all the hospitals, alms
houses and other institutions of that
character in the city and county.
The Board of Education is authorized
i to appoint and dismiss the employes of
the school department and administer
the funds appropriated for the public
! schools.
The Park Commission Is invested
with authority to carry on the improve
ment of Golden Gate and other public
i parks.
The Election Commission Is to take
I the place of the present election com-j
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
mission and is to exercise all Its powers
and duties.
In the hands of the Civil Service
Commission the proposed charter places
the power to regulate and control of
ficial appointments. The system of ex
aminations is to be similar to that
authorized by the civil service statutes
of New York and the United States.
(Article 13.)
It is a curious circumstance that no
single Mayor elected after the year
1899 will have the power to completely
change any one of these bureaus ex
cept the Board of Public Works and
the Civil Service Commission. The
terms of the members of all the boards
and commissions expire In one, two,
three and four years. So during his
official tenure no Mayor after the first
one elected could appoint more than
two members of any board or commis
sion. He could not change the p< r
sonnel of any so as to interfere with
its administration, except the Board of
Public Works and the Civil Service
Commission, each of which consists of
three members, who go out of office in
one, two and three years. Hence every
Mayor would, during the last year of
his term, be able to change this board
and this commission so as to control it.
The purpose of this arrangement has
been illy concealed from the eye of the
reader. Undoubtedly the object is to
invest every Mayor under the charter
with the power to control important
patronage during the last year of his
term and to enable him with it to se
cure his re-election. No other construc
tion can possibly be placed upon the
arrangement.
POWERS OF THE SUPERVISORS.
As a setoff to the Immense powers
which are conferred upon the Mayor,
the proposed charter reduces the Board
of Supervisors to a position of practi
cal inactivity in the city and county
government. Nearly every semblance
of authority is taken from the legisla
tive branch of the government. The
instrument authorizes the board to
pass ordinances, but it permits not only
the Mayor but the people to veto them
whenever they meet with public disap
proval. Sec. 20, chap. 1, art. 11, provides
that whenever a petition is presented
to the Election Commissioners asking
that an ordinance set forth therein
shall be submitted to a vote of the peo
ple it shall be th^ duty of that commis
sion to order an election. If the pro
posed ordinance is passed by the peo
ple it cannot be repealed or amended
by the Board of Supervisors. All ordi
nances granting any franchise for the
supply of light or -water, or for the
lease or sale of any public utility or for
the purchase of any land of more than
$50,000 in value, must also be submit
ted to a vote of the electors. The Su
pervisors cannot even initiate amend
ments to the charter, but that must be
done by a petition of the voters. (Sec.
22, supra.)
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
In connection with the Board of Pub
lic Works the Supervisors are author
ized to participate in the Improvement
of public streets and sewers, but they
have no real power in the premises. All
street and sewer work is initiated by
the Board of Public Works, which is
required to secure the co-operation of
the Supervisors only to the extent of
their approval as the legislative au
thority of the city and county. The
way in which the proposed charter has
commingled the jurisdiction of this
board and the Supervisors will givo rise
to no end of litigation. Xeither board
Is apparently given authority to do
anything of Its own motion. Millions
of dollars will have to be expended in
obtaining judicial construction of their
respective powers before the subject of
public improvement will be made clear.
An attempt has been made to consti
tute the Board of Public Works a com
mittee of the Supervisors and to place
in its hands powers similar to those
now exercised by the Superintendent of
Streets, City Engineer and Street Com
mittee of the latter board. Material for
the most Impressive comment which
can be made upon this system is found
in the first section of article 6. chc iter
I, of the proposed charter. At present
the Superintendent of Streets receives
a salary of $4000 a year, the City En
gineer a salary of $400. The Street Com
mittee, consisting of five members of
the Board of Supervisors, receives sal-
STREETCAR MEN
NOT "CORRALED."
To the Editor of The Call: The cowardly fight the Examiner is making in
behalf of the charter is more than I can stand in silence. It does not seem to me decent
to run everybody down to gain a point, so when a corporation tries to do what is right I
believe in reciprocating. The public has known me for twelve years and knows what I
have done for labor. I defy any man to say truthfully that I have been "corraled" by
corporation or individual.
Twelve years ago I obtained a position as conductor on the North Beach and
Mission Street Railroad. We then worked sixteen hours a day for $2 2%. Later, when
the men in the employ of the Market-street Cable Company obtained $2 per day for
only eleven hours' work, four or five of us concluded that it was time to organize a pro
tective body, with the result that the Knights of Labor came into existence. A committee
was organized, went to Sacramento, made a gallant struggle and won its point in getting
the twelve-hour law passed. I myself collected $1 776 to carry on that fight. Under these
circumstances I do not propose to be considered as "corraled."
I worked for the election of Bryan and was asked no questions by the company.
Men on the Market-street line receive better treatment than those in the employ of any
other company in the United States, and as long as a man does the work assigned to him
he is sure of his position. Nevertheless, the Examiner states that we are "corraled," and
that we have the alternative of voting for the charter or being discharged. Now, I am a
poor man, but I will wager $50 that the Examiner cannot prove its assertion. Let it put
up its money or cease making such a charge. The charter is proposed by a few poli
ticians for the purpose of putting their friends into office for life and taking everything
out of the laboring man's hands. I therefore appeal to laboring men to vote against the
charter and give each man an equal show. I believe this statement will fully prove that
we are not "corraled," and that the company does not restrict our vote, but permits each
employe to be guided solely by his own judgment
San Francisco, May 24
:harter abbreviated.
Short Cut for Those In a
Hurry.
The following is an abbrevia
tion of the new charter made by
the Continental League, whose
officers' names are affixed:
CHAPTER I.
Article I — A Mayor may be
elected every two years.
Article ll— All ex-Mayors
shall hold office for life in the
Board of Supervisors.
Article III— To prevent ex-
Mayors from outnumbering the
Supervisors the people may elect
six more Supervisors.
Article IV— The pay of the
Supervisors, $ioo per month,
being inadequate for ex-Mayors,
therefore, recognizing their
matchless ability in advocating
and influencing the members of
the board in favor of the claims
of the garbage, crematory, gas,
electric lights, telephones, street
railways and other corporations,
they are hereby allowed to
charge all the traffic will bear.
CHAPTER 11.
Article I— The people may
hold conventions, nominate and
elect a few officials, but the
Mayor must suspend them when
ever it suits his convenience.
Article ll— There shall be two
classes of officials elected. One
class shall have permission to se
lect their assistants, notably the
Mayor, while the other class
must accept their assistants and
employes from the competitive
scheme Commissioners, who
must be able to peddle their
questions and answers to their
relatives and ring patrons, han
dicap the elected official, de
stroy the efficiency of his de
partment: then the Mayor must
remove him for cause.
Article lll— The Board of
Public Works must open a reg
istration department, employ
registration clerks, whose duty
it shall be to notify the Mayor
and his partisan friends that reg
istration for employment _on
public work is in order. When
they are registered and given the
preference for employment the
workmen can tumble over each
other to get registered and that's
all they will get.
CHAPTER 111.
Article I — The money neces
sary' to be raised by taxation to
carry out the provisions of this
immaculate charter shall not ex
ceed $i on $ioo valuation, but
the valuation may be increased
100 per cent in order to meet
the expenses that will accrue
when the Mayor and his ap
pointees get full swing.
Article II — The city at present
being practically out of debt,
the Mayor may, after complet
ing his appointments, control 15
per cent of the votes — vote to
issue bonds to any extent in or
der to be abreast of the times of
all those magnificently governed
old Eastern and European cities,
who^e people are groaning over
the burden of taxation caused by
the issue of bonds.
Article III — The property
owners, in order to meet this
increased taxation, will have an
excuse for raising rents; there
fore if this immaculate charter is
adopted the rent-payers can take
their medicine and saw wood.
The executive committee,
AMOS CURRIER,
F. D. WORTH,
President.
HAMILTON J. RIGGINS,
Secretary.
Aries of $100 per month each, for which
they are required to perform their gen
era! duties as Supervisors.
The proposed charter creates a Board
of Public Works, consisting of three
members, each of whom receives a sal
ary of $4000. The board is authorized
to appoint a secretary at a salary of
$1800 and such clerks, superintendents,
inspectors, engineers, surveyors, depu
ties, architects and laborers as may be
necessary to carry on its work, and to
from Many View Points
th)e New Charter Is
Condemned.
fix their compensations. (Article 6.)
This plan contemplates an expenditure
in salaries nearly twice as large as that
now paid for discharging the same du
ties. No check as to the number of em
ployes is placed upon the board. Its
judgment is to prevail in all such mat
ters. At present the law limits the
number of deputies in the Street De
partment to sixteen, as well as the
number of employes who may be en
gaged by the Street Committee. It
would seem, therefore, that in creating
this board, which, as already stated, is
practically a committee of the Super
visors, the proposed charter does not
contemplate an economical administra
tion of the laws authorizing street and
sewer improvements.
The Supervisors have been Invested
with only one real power. They are
authorized to annually pass the budget
and to fix the tax levy, but any item of
the budget may be vetoed by the
Mayor, who may also veto the tax
levy.
LEVY AND COLLECTION OF
TAXES.
By section 14 of chapter 1, art. 3, It
is provided that the Supervisors shall
fix the amount of municipal revenue
and provide for the collection thereof.
Does this so-called authority go be
yond and include a power not express
ed? It may be conceded that the board
might designate the time within which
taxes may be collected, but what power
would the board possess to impose pen
alties on delinquent taxpayers, and if
this power is not conferred, how are
the taxes to be collected? It has been
held by the Supreme Court heretofore
that the Board of Supervisors could
exercise no power except those special
ly conferred, and in numberless cases
"that the mode is the measure of the
power." If this be the correct princi
ple then the only mode of collection
is as shown In chapter 5 of article 4,
which defines the duties of the Tax Col
lector Section 2of that chapter pro
vides that he may appoint an attorney
to prosecute actions for the collection
of delinquent taxes, and may agree to
pay him as compensation a percentage
not to exceed 15 per centum of the
amounts recovered. This is the only
mode of collection provided for.
Section 2 provides that the Tax Col
lector shall pay into the treasury,
wthout any deduction for commissions,
fees or charges of any kind, or on any
account, the full amount of all taxes,
assessments and moneys received Dy
him This applies to all revenue to be
collected for city and county purposes.
In attempting to inaugurate a new
system and time for the collection of
municipal revenue, the charter thus
cuts loose from the provisions of the
Political Ccrde of the State and gives
us nothing in Its place.
The State revenue must still be col
lected under the Political Code of the
State and under its provisions the
Assessor will go on and collect for the
State after making his assessment (on
and after the first Monday in March in
each year), the taxes due on personal
property, the owners of which possess
no realty; but how can he collect the
city and county portion, even if di
rected by the Board of Supervisors, for
the duties of the Assessor, as defined
by section 2 of chapter IV of articlel\ ,
are that he "shall assess all taxable
property within the- city and county at
the time and in the manner prescribed
by the general laws of the State."
No power is conferred upon him to
make collections as prescribed by the
general laws of the State, and if he
attempt to exercise any power other
than the power conferred by the char
ter he would undoubtedly be liable to
the person or persons who suffered
damage at his hands in the enforced
collection, or in the sale of their prop
erty in payment of the alleged tax due
thereon.
Then again in section 2 of chapter \
(supra) it is made the duty of the Tax
Collector to collect all licenses. The
name of the officer designates his duty,
but he is charged with all taxes levied
upon real and personal property with
in the city and county, and charged
with and debtor to Use city and coun
ty for the full amount erf all taxes due
upon the delinquent tax list, and in no
JOHN DEVENEY.
place Is it specially made his duty to
collect the taxes except the collection
of delinquent taxes, and for that pur
pose he is empowered to appoint an
attorney.
While this failure In express words
to give the Tax Collector power to col
lect taxes may not be a serious legal
omission, it illustrates how omissions
have been made that may with the
other provisions named lead to litiga
tion, and defeat the purposes of the
framers of the charter.
THE STATE'S TAXES.
The State collects its taxes in this
city and countj r by the Tax Collector
in two installments, and the taxes on
personal property, the owner of which
has no realty, by the Assessor at the
time of making the assessment, and pre-
NETWORK OF VICIOUS ERRORS.
Because Based on Wholly Unsound Principles the New Charter
It Is stated that "the new charter 's based upon our past experience, and
that certain theorists oppose It because it is rot like the local government of
English cities." Our past experience of corruption, inefficiency and politics 13 a
ba*d foundation, but if the Freeholders had produced an organic law half as
simple and half as effective as an English city charter there would have been no
complaint. James Bryce says that the government of cities is the conspicuous
failure of the United States, and he is indorsed by every distinguished writer,
professor and municipal reformer who has directed his attention to the subject.
San Francisco is no exception, and no one doubts that a reform is necessary.
Now all true reforms are based on theory. A reformer without a theory is liko
a ship without a rudder. He is a mere quack who puts a poultice on a surface
wound without any consideration of the disease beneath.
The question is not where does the theory come from, but is its principle
sound and is it supported by sufficient facts? The Freeholders pose as reform
ers and base their theory on our rotten past experience. They affirm without
evidence that our defects are due to the weakness of the Mayor to control the
Supervisors, and they also affirm that the true remedy consists in increasing
the power of the Mayor. This theoretical remedy is contrary to the accepted
principles of all successful government. It Is undemocratic and unrepubliean.
Not a single successful instance can be quoted in its favor. No city in the world
has presented a continuous example of good economical administration under
an autocratic Mayor, and thi3 fact proves conclusively that the theory la itself
unsound.
Our theory on the contrary affirms that no Individual action can possibly
replace the concerted action of the people. This theory ip American. It is the
theory of Jefferson and Lincoln— the theory which is the foundation of all free
government, the theory which is universally acknowledged to be sound in prin
ciple and successful in practice. Applied to city government it has been uni
formly successful in England. Ireland and Scotland; in the half-educated elites
of Italy; in the mushroom cities «f Australia founded by convicts; in the cities
of New Zealand and in those of Canada both old and new, French and English.
Nowhere has it failed, and the city which proposes to discard its consideration
and blindly adopt the one-man power, which is a remnant of middle-age tyr
anny, must be content with failure and will be compelled to take a back seat
in the car of social progress.
I have lived too long and have participated too much in public life to care
for personal abuse. It is to be regretted that Mr. Hearst has intrusted the man-r
agement of his journal to a half-educated editor who knows no more about good
municipal government than a cow knows of a holiday; who acts as if a bloated
circulation were the test of wisdom and the proof of infallibility; who forgets
that his last charter for this city was beaten only a few months ago and that
his charter candidates, from whose rejection he predicted misery and woe. were
all mowed under by the citizens of San Jose. Personal attacks from such a
source prove the desperation of his cause, and when all reasonable tactics fail
personal abuse becomes the only resource left.
Now, sir. I am neuring the end of a long and active life, some of it spent in
the administration of the best municipal laws the world has ever known.
As a citizen of my adopted country I claim the right of free speech. I have
earned everything I possrss during a twenty-flve years' residence in San Fran
cisco. I am a freeholder and I pay my taxes. I claim to be a citizen, and if I
am denied a vote in municipal affairs it is because taxation and representation
have been separated by an unrighteous regulation. My age protects me from
the imputation of having an ax to grind. My acts and opinions are my own. I
owe no allegiance to any human being— to any corporation or to any public Jour
nal. I have fought this question almos.t single-handed. My first proposals were
favorably entertained by the Mayor, who enabled me to find a publisher. To the
editor of the Overland' Monthly my thanks are due for the first "publication of my
views. To Mr. James H. Barry I am indebted for appreciation and support
with unstinted space in his energetic and progressive journal. Under the au
spices of Mr. Hearst himself I was permitted to expose the evils of Individual
and the advantages of corporate appointing power. But free discussion was soon
put an end to by the editor, who evidently feared that an exposition of the truth
would expose his ignorance.
When the Freeholders refused to hear me the Bulletin published the letters I
addressed to them, and last, but by no means least. The Call has afforded me
the fullest opportunity to address the citizens in this momentous crisis of the
city's history.
That I have converted many thoughtful citizens is due to the truth of my
doctrines and the facts I have presented in their favor. Adopt the new charter
and there will be an immediate suspension of reform, the same corruption and
inefficiency will continue and expenditures will rapidly increase. I seek to com
mit you to nothing but deliberation and delay. The question of a good charter
is one for statesmen to determine, and cannot be settled by an incongruous Board
of Freeholders. The subject is full of complications and it will be wise to make
haste slowly. DR. J. H. STALLARD.
scribes the penalties, costs, etc., on de
linquencies and provides for their col
lection.
The charter makes it the duty of the
Board of Supervisors in connection
with taxes to provide for the collec
tion thereof (section 14, chapter I, ar
ticle III); that is, to fix the period of
time within which they are to be col
lected for city and county purposes, and
inferentially designates the Tax Col
lector to collect the same; also the time
at which they will become delinquent—
for the charter confers authority to
that extent — simple declarations.
The question as to how the collection
of taxes for the city and county is to
be enforced until they become delin
quent is a problem which the charter
makers cannot solve. The cost of legal
services will have to be estimated and
an appropriation made therefor if that
mode of collection has to be resorted
to and collections are to be made by an
attorney of the Tax Collector; and the
city and county will have to calculate
upon losing on the major portion of the
revenue from taxation about 15 per cent
upon her estimated revenues from that
source.
The charter in no place provides for
the collection of taxes in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State, and without that provision where
are we? No other provision is made to
take its place.
The Legislature in passing laws pro
viding for a change of time of assess
ing property or of making collection
of taxes different from the provisions
of the revenue laws embraced in the
Political Code always recites and makes
applicable the other provisions of the
Political Code as to the mi de and man
ner of assessing; and the collection of
taxes Is enforced by penalties under
the provisions of the code.
This was the course pursued by the
Legislature in passing the act for the
« assessment and collection of taxes upon
personal property for city and county
purposes in San Francisco at a differ
ent time than the collection of taxes on
personal property for State purposes
and real estate and improvements.
(Statutes 1873-74, page 477.)
In this act the manner of assessment
and collection as provided for general
ly by the Political Code was changed,
a different date fixed for making
the levy and collecting taxes on per
sonal property for city and county pur
poses only; but all other provisions of
the Political Code as to assessments
and the collection of taxes, etc., were
made applicable. *
The decision of the Supreme Court
In the case of I. J. Truman et al. vs.
Board of Supervisors (110 Cal., page
128), recites that "The Political Code
I furnishes a uniform and complete reve
nue system which applies to the city
and county of San Francisco, and no
where gives a Mayor of a city and
county the right officially to approve
or disapprove a tax levy, and no such
right exists."
This decision announces a rule which
is changed by the charter. The char
ter makes it the duty of the Board of
Supervisors to provide for the collec
tion of taxes for city and county pur
poses, and, if adopted by the people
and approved by the Legislature, It
will withdraw the collection of taxea
for city and county purposes from tha
provisions of the Political Code with
out providing any substitute except by
litigation, if at all, and in any event
Imposes the expense upon the city and
county.
Must Fail.
As the charter cannot be amended by
the Legislature (section 8. article II of
the constitution), the power is not con
ferred by the charter to insure the col
lection of taxes for city and county
purposes, except by litigation.
CIVIL SERVICE DEFECTS.
Many Weak Spots Are Pointed
Out by the Local
League.
The following: is the address of the Anti-
Civil Service League of San Francisco
against the adoption of the proposed new
charter:
"Fellow-citizens: In a few days you
will be called upon to vote for a charter
to govern this city in the future, and be
fore doing so it will be well that you scan
the instrument closely before you commit
yourselves to the cunning politicians who,
instead of being your servants, seek to be
come your masters. In the first Instance
100 members were selected to frame a char
ter, and from that 100 fifteen wereselected
who resolved themselves into a mutual
admiration committee, so to spealc, each
representing some corporation interest.
In other words, 'If you vote for my meas
ure I will vote for yours,' and the present
instrument is the result, and we are called
upon to vote for it on the 26th inst. In-
Ptead of the motto, 'Remember the
Maine,' on that day we hope you will lay
aside all business cares and 'Remember
the charter" and don't forget to vote
against it. There are so many objections
to the charter it is unnecessary to enumer
ate them, as some of the papers have al
ready mentioned them, and why the char
ter should he defeated. This organize tl.>n
has been formed exclusively to combat
Civil service, and we confine our objec
tions to that alone. In the first place we
are told that our merchants are all in
favor of civil service. Who are thoso
merchants? Go downtown any day and
three out of every five will tell you they
live in Oakland. Alameda. San Rafael
Sausalito or Tiburon. In the next in
stance we are referred by way of example
to the perfect manner th<* civil service
operates in the School, Police andFirede
partments and other branches of the Gov
ernment, while at the same time the press
of our city is calling our attention to the
inefficiency of these very departments.
In conclusion, fellow-citizens, without
giving the name of all the Commissioners
appointed by the Governor, nor those that
already exist in this city. City Hall, Elec
tion, Police, etc., and various others too
numerous to mention, which the people
are directly interested in but have no
voice in their selection, the new charter
adds to these many others and what
might be termed the 'Mayor's Commis
sioners." which would almost Include
nearly every office of any consequence in
the city. We may as well establish a
monarchical government at once and
cease having elections."
1 The Anti-Ciril Service Leagu*.A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
gTwo Large Sales Are
Recorded.
THE TAMS ESTATE DIVIDED.
A PORTION SOLD TO THE JUS
TINIAN CAIRE HEIRS.
Prospects of the Market for the Fu
ture — The Records, Contracts
and General Realty Notes.
The condition of the real estate market
during the past week was slightly better
than the preceding, and indications now
point conclusively to the certainty that
a decided change for tho better will be de
veloped before the expiration of the pres
ent month. The salvation of the crops in
the country is expected to create a salu
tary influence in the world of realty, both
in the city and country markets. The un
certainty and continual abeyance of the
farmers as to Whether their yearly ef
forts were to be rewarded with a fair
compensation or absolute failure, which
I in tho latter case the non-payment
of mortgages and virtual ruin, kept the
real estate current in a state of sluggish
ness and at a manifestly low ebb.
: a condition of country property,
iup!ed with the bygone impression that
'the war was going to materially depreci
the value of city property, inspired
store with the fear that to risk even
a small bargain was extremely hazard
ous, as property value of any kind was
c to fall far below a realization of its
immediately after purchase. Since
the advent of rain, however, and the con
sequent revivification of the crops. ;i de
ment is manifest, and "ii»>
that will immediately show itself In the
city, but more particularly in the country.
Tv\o large suie-s of more than . Losing
a were negotiated v.
last few days — one in the wh
.Market street and the other in
. racturing district south of the
et. The former is located at
Market street, and comprises a
: the Tain estate. It lies
•t northeast of Second street, and
i frontage of 33 feet 4 inches and a
. of 115 feet. The property was pur
d by the Justinian C&lre es
thrJugh the agency of Bovee,
A: Sonntag, at an estimated
of 180,000. The latter is
ted on the easterly line of Main
275 feet south of Mission, and is
The property wa.^ sold to
• . through the agency of J. H.
. of Oakland, for a mortgage of
: by the Hibernia Bank of this
. Ity. The present r»okeries that now oc
site will be replaced with a mod-
I lory brick building.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were seventy-three
roort^asjes and trust deeds recorded, amounting
to $:'i'6,6as. For the same period torty-three
releases and reconveyances passed to record in
the total sum of $-20, "45.,
The principal mortgages and trust deeds were
as follows:
By the German Savings and Loan Society to
John lilaney, $10,000 lor one year at 64 per
cent, on property in 60-vara block 254, situated
on the southwest corner of Ei..s street and
Cohen place, south 54:6 by west 06; by the San.
Francisco Savings Union to Christian Holm,
< 53000 on property Union to Addition block
■ perty in Western Addition block
j>2 situated on the southerly line or Geary
street, MO feet from Franklin, east 30 by south
120; by the Hibernia. Savings and Loan Society
to Fabrizio Nigru. $85,1)00 tor one year at 6V4
per cent, on property in 50-vara block 171.
eauated on the northeast corner of Mason and
Eddy streets, east 43:9 by north &5; Henry J.
Grauerholz to John F. Bruns. $6000 for one year
a . 8 per cent, on property in Mission block 40,
situated on. the westerly line of Mission street,
100 feet south of Sixth, south 23 by west 100;
National Surety Company to P. H. Flood, $3000
for one year at 7 per cent, on property in
"Western Addition block 62, situated on the
southerly line of Ellis street, 220 feet west of
Folk, west 27:6 by south 120; by the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to Eugene A. Cat
ting, $6700 for one year at 6 : -» per cent, on prop
erty situated on the southwest corner of Clip
per and San Jose avenue; by the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to Patrick and
Margaret Minuhan or Menihan. $6000 for one
year at 7 per cent en property in the 100 block
873, situated on the southeast corner of How
ard and Fourth streets, 200 feet southwest from
Fourth, »outhwest 25 by southeast 80; by the
Hibernia Pavings and Loan Society to Helen
lieming, $4000 for one year at 64 per cent, on
I property in the 100 block 354, situated on the
northeast line of Oak Grove avenue, 150 feet
southeast of Harrison street, southeast 75 by
r.ortheast 112; by the German Savings and Loan
Society to Annie J. Bagge, Paul and Agnes
Agmar (Basse), T7OOO for one year at 7 per
cent on property in Western Addition block
EOO situated on the easterly line of Broderlck,
105 feet north of California, north 27:6 by east
110.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows:
From the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
riety to Mary Hurley, $23,500 on property in
"Western Addition blocks 121 and 164, situated
respectively on the north line of Pacific street,
110 feer east of Octavia, east 25 by north 127:3,
fend the southeast corner of Pacific and Gough
streets east 127 6 by south 137:6; from the
Hibern'ia Savings and Loan Society to William
M Bunker, $25,000 on property in "Western Ad
dition block 69, situated on the southwest cor
ner of Polk and Hayes streets, south 60 by
west 100.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
On the northwest corner of "Washington and
"Walnut streets, west 78 by north 7^:bV2. con
struction of a two-story, attic and basement
residence at a cost of $5156; owner, James M.
Allen- ai-chltect, W. F. Smith; contractor, Carl
Northerly line of Pacific Btreet, 177:6 feet west
of Leavenworth., west 21:6 by north 60. all
work for a two-story frame building; owner,
J. Pt. Denis; architects. Plssis & Moore; con
tractor, L.. B. Perramont: cost, $2770.
Point Lobos avenue, between Fifth and Sixth
avenues— All work for two new additions to
the French Hospital at a cost of $2777; archi
tect Emile Depierre: contractor, B. Becaas.
Northerly line of Morton street, 137:6 feet east
of* Stockton, east 45:6 by north 4S— Brick work
for six-story brick building at a cost of $3747;
owner V Menesinl; architect, C. R. Wilson;
contractors, J. McCarthy and J. R. Klerath.
Fifteenth avenue south, northeast corner of
P street south, east 50 by north 200— All work
for a two-story frame building; owner. D. B.
end Mary J. Todd; architects. Townsend &
WVneken; contractor. W. H. Rines; cost »2300
Arlington street, 28 feet southwest of Miguel
—All work for a one-story frame building, the
c-r.n---trurt!nn of which will CO»t tlSOO; owner.
FOOD COFFEE.
TBY AGAIN.
Don't Let Carelessness Keep You
From Comfort.
Have you ever been disappointed in
the flavor of your cup of Postum Food
Coffee? If so, you are the person we
want to talk to. Flavor and food value
cannot be extracted from a food drink
of this kind, if it Is dripped or simmer-
ed. A delicious taste and a cupful of
nourishment can be had quickly and
easily if the Postum be allowed to keep
up a clever boiling for fifteen minutes
after boiling begins. Remember to
simply leave the pot on the stove fif-
teen minutes will not answer. Keep up
the boil fifteen minutes after active
boiling commences.
This is simple, and if your health is
worth lookin" after at all, it is worth
having your Postum made good in-
stead of sloppy, for when it is well
boiled you get the strength and body
building elements as well as the charm-
ing flayer. Insist on having your bev-
erage well made and that cream or
boiled milk be served with it. It is
Just as easy to have Postum well made
as to have it made in a slovenly man-
ner.
This talk on the preparation of Pos-
tum is called fur from the fact that
thave heard lately of several people
ho cannot drink coffee and tried Pos-
tum, but were discouraged, from the
fact that it was badly made. When it
is served properly it makes and holds
friends for life.
NEW STREET^ LIGHTS.
Ornamental Lamps Proposed for This City by
the Merchants' Association.
THE phm presented by the
Merchants' Association
and adopted by the
Board of Supervisors for
the lighting of the city calls
for ornamental iron poles on
Market sirtTt and Van Ness
avenue, which streets an
too wide to permit sus]
[ ing lights in the < nter jf
them as will be <" me else
i where. The Merchants' As-
I sociation has prepared a
sketch of the design for
. these poles, which it believes
most suitable for the pur
pose and which it will r< <
ommend for adoption when
the specifications are pre
! pared. They will be slender
I iron poles twenty-five feet
high, with arms, supporter
by scroll work, extending
four feet from the pole so
that the lights will hang
j that distance out over the
! street. These poles will be
ijulte ornamental, and, be
i sides being 1 eminently suit
able fur the purpose desired,
' will be a step In the direction
j of introducing that municipal
art in our public works
which is so sadly lacking at
the present time.
Market street will present
quite an attractive appear
ance at night with these
fifty arc lights arranged al
ternately on the sides of the
street and projecting over
the sidewalks, and those
Portions below Montgomery
street and above Ninth,
which at present are so dim
ly lighted that citizens avoid
walking there at night, will
be well illuminated. If the
plan adopted on these s - :
m< ets with general favor it
may be advisable in a fYv.
years to place the lights on
all business streets on similar
poles placed alternately on the
Fides of the streets at the crossings in
stead of suspending them overhead. The
general opinion, however, is that in order
to satisfactorily illuminate streets of me
dium width the lamps should be suspend
ed over the center of the street in order
that the light may be equally diffused in
all directions, and for the present this
system will be adopted here.
J. Scheuer; contractor and architect, L. G. Ber
gren.
Northwest corner of Jones and Jacicson
streets, west 87:10 by north Excavation,
brick w< rk, patent chimneys, el? . lor a three-
Ptory and basement frim-» building <e!jcht
fltitfO to cost $2037; owner, John Shirley; archi
tect, C. A. Meussdorfter; contractors, J. \V.
Miller and Adam Beck. '. '.
RECENT SALES.
The following sales were negotiated by Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co. during the past week:
Northwest corner of Octavia and Walnut
avenue, from Mrs. J. A. Crocker to Mrs. S. N.
Morris, for $11,000. Mrs. Mr.rrls will «rect six
flats, to cost $15,000. Other sales are: Lot
4S-X132, on north line of Pacific avenue, 49 feet
east of Webster street, $13,000. from H. Bppin
ger to J. SchoenfeJd, who will erect a hand
some residence; two lots. ea.ch 25x120. on west
line of Ninth avenue south >>f California street,
for about $800 each; lot 21:3x137:6 feet on west
line of Bartlett street, 135 feet south of Twen
ty-third, at $75 a fr^nt foot, and a lot 25x137:6
u n n.jrth line of Filbert street, 100 feet west of
Baker, for $^n.
Northeast corner of Washington and Spruce
streets, from G. H. Doe, to H. Huddleston,
$17,000.
The reported sales by the firm of Easton,
Eldridge & Co. is as follows:
Two-story house of 10 rooms and lot 25x185,
&nd rear house of 4 rooms, $3500; lot 25x148, on
south side of Waller street, ISO feet east of Ma
sonic avenue, $lC<Xi; cottage of 6 rooms and lot
30x112:6 at 1939 Broadway, east of Laguna
street. $4000. subject to confirmation; four flats
on north side at Golden Gate avenue, west of
Baker street, lot 50X100 feet, 16400, with an "if";
three fiats and lot 25x115 on south line of Hen
ry street, east of Noe, £2>iOO: two flats and lot
2r,xlf"'O, at 1106 Potrero avenue, south of Twen
ty-third, $2050.
Walter S. Hobart will shortly build a t-.vo
st'iry brick structure at San Mateo, t^ contain
when completed 18 rooms. The plans have
been drawn and submitted by Frank S. Van
Tree and work will be commenced at once
so a« to finish the structure this si
Plans are being prepared by Frank ri. Van
Tree for a. mining laboratory for the State
University, to cost $6000.
One hundred acres near Lafayette, Contra
<"<jsta County, have been sold by Daniel Collins
to Mrs. Annie M. Coates of Alameda for $3000.
A. M. Speck & Co. were the brokers.
Work on the Tuolumne County courthouse,
designed by William Mooser & Son. is to be
begrun at once. Charles F. McCarthy of San
Francisco has secured the main contract at
(72,893, Frank Lyman of Sacramento will put
in the electric wires and machinery for $10f» 7.
and the Herring. Hale & Marvin Co. of this
city will conptruct the vaults for $2650. The
award of the heating and ventilating contmctß
has been postponed for the present.
All three of the six-story buildings to be
erected on the west side of Third street, ex
tending 130 f«t from Stevenson street to the
Winchester House, have either been com
menced or soon will be. The initial contracts
of the Kell building, having 60 feet front next
to the hotel, have been let. Plans have been
perfected by M. J. Lyon for a similar and
adjoining building having a frontage of 25
feet and to cost about $l*,noo. to be put up by
L. & P. Meyer. The contract for the demoli
tion of the building on the Stevenson street
corner has been signed by Frederick and Al
bert Baruch, who will cover the 40 by 75 foot
lot with a pressed brick building containing
two stores on the ground floor, designed by
Percy & Hamilton, and to cos»t $35.n00. Al
though the exteriors of the three structures
will be dissimilar, all of the floors will be on
the same level, as all of the upper stories have
been leased by Edward Rollins, who will use
them as lodgings in connection with the Win
chester House.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 22, article 2, chapter 1,
2 authorizes the Finance Committee
to examine official bonds and report
upon their sufficiency. Upon report
ing them deficient the Mayor may
suspend the official and require a new
bond, subject to his own approval.
By refusing to approve a bond he
could permanently vacate an office.
Mayor Sutro at times refused to ap
prove bonds because he knew nothing
about them. This provision applies
to elected as well as appointed officers.
GTJN CLUBS WILL MEET.
Arranging for the Annual Tourna
ment of the Inanimate Target
Association.
The California Inanimate Target Asso
ciation will meet on Saturday evening in
the parlors of the Occidental Hotel to
make arrangements for the annual tourna
ment, which will be held at the Olympic
Gun Club grounds at Ingle Side on Sunday
and Monday next. Clubs desiring repre
sentation must be present to assist in ar
ranging the details and the order In
which the teams will shoot. Sunday will
be given to the individual and three-men
team shoots, and on the following day
the club championship six-men team
shoots will occupy attention.
Honor Their Dead Companion.
The entertainment for the benefit of
Company O, League of the Cross Cadets,
which was to have taken place on Tues
day evening. May 31, has been postponed
until Tuesday evening, June 28, through
respect for a departed member of that
company. Lieutenant James F. McCarthy.
Congressman James G. Magulre, who was
to have delivered the lecture on the 31st
inst., will be in attendance on June 28, and
the following will also assist in the pro
gramme: Vocalists from the San Fran
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
olpco Conservatory of Music, Thomas
Leary, Miss Clair Fex, Mrs. Margaret S,
Killon. Professor Harrison and the San
Francisco Conservatory Mandolin Club.
Tickets purchased for the date of May 31
will answer their intended purpose on
June 28.
Vote against the new charter be
cause the tax levy is required to be
fixed before the assessment roll is
completed.
BUTCHERS' PICNIC.
A Monster Attendance Expected at
the Excursion Across the Bay.
All of those who have not laid In a
stock of meat for to-day are likely to
fast in this respect, for every butcher
shop in this city, Oakland and Alameda
will be closed. It is not that the butchers
have thrown up their business and gone
to the war, but they have gone off for a
merry time. Their annual picnic is to be
held at the Shell Mound Park and the
Oakland Trotting Park across the rail
road trak. The butchers' picnics have
always been great affairs, and no excur
sion leaving the city has ever been larger
attended. It will begin with a parade
headed by bands for each division.
The parade will start promptly at 9:30
a, ni. to connect with the 10:30 boat -it
ferry. The line of march will be from
O'Farrell and Stockton streets to Market,
to Sixth, countermarch to Kearny. to
California, to Market, to ferry. Admis
sion and ferry tickets will be furnished
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®
§ An Honest Offer |
To Men Only. 1
*= - ®
S^ To Men Who Suffer From the Effects ®
BjlL of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality is ©
|r ■ Gradually Wasting— Those Par- ®
ticularly Who Have Drugged in Vain ®
—This Is a Fair Offer. ®
® ®
0 I have nothing to give free — nobody gives value for nothing — but I ®
® want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and praised ®
® in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thousands of cases A
® this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my @
® book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state- ®
® ments from men who told of their cures of this wasting weakness by my ©
I Belt. OVER 5000. Pay $1000 in Gold I
i I Will Pay $1000 in Gold i
S To the manor woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testi- ®
(j) monials. I have the original letters "or the signed statements of each man A
® on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth. @
I It Is an Electric Life-Giver. §
® This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened parts @
® during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and ®i
® muscles and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man. ® ,
© READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." ®
® It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send or © ;
® call for it. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct / ® \
I SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * iMPfIRTAHT tiiiTiPt * ®
® 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, San Francisco. I 111 f U II I All I lI U lI U L ©
Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 £>_ Sanden's Offices
® tol. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204^ South are now at 70' mS ®
(5) Broadway: Portland. Or., 253 Washington st.; are now at < - Market ~
Denver Colo.. 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas. Tex.. Street, corner Geary. ®|
® 285 Main st. *— — ■ * <•)
©©© © © ©©©©©©©© ©ffl©@ ©©©©(?©■©© ©©©©©© ©©© © ©
TWO SPLENDID TRAINS DAILY
TO THE EAST
via Great Rock Island Route.
ROCKY MOUNTAIN
LIMITED
Leaves DENVER, . . 9:30 a. m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 9:35 a. m.
Arrives LINCOLN . 11:45 p.m.
« OMAHA, . . 1:30 a.m.
" DES MOINES, . 5:25 a.m.
" DAVENPORT, . 9:48 a. m.
" CHICAGO, . 2:15 p. m.
Next Day.
Through Sleepers and Chair Cars
Colorado to Chicago. Wide Vesti-
bule throughout. The finest train
in the We^t.
These are New Trains in addition to our former service.
For particulars and folders giving time of these trains write
F. W. THOMPSON, CLINTON JONES,
T. P. A., 214 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal. GENERAL AGENT, 624 MARKET STREET.
E. E. MacLEOD, i JNO. SEBASTIAN,
A. G. P. A.. TOPEKA. G. P. A.. CHICAGO.
"WINDY AND DISAGREEABLE."
When a man blows wind off*his stomach, that is flatulence.
Sometimes people call it gulping *md. No matter what you call it,
the disease, for it is a disease, is an annoying one to you and disgust-
ing to your friends. I once heard a politician speak of a rival, whom
he did not admire, as a flatulent old fool. Flatulent means wind/.
Usually we mean by it wind collected in the stomach. Wind in tho
intestines may also be just as properly designated flatulence. It is
always caused by indigestion. A physician, who practices in a town
near Albany, New York, reports the case of an old gentleman who
had been so annoyed by a persistent condition of flatulence that ho
had consulted all the doctors in the vicinity without securing any
benefit " Finally he came to me and I prescribed several remedies
which failed utterly. I then prescribed Ripans Tabules, which he re-
ported gave him immediate relief, and he is now nearly cured. I think
it would be an excellent thing to make a strong feature of ■ flatulence'
in all the R-I-P-AN-S adTertisenwnts, for I find them excellent ia
almost every caae of thatsort,"
to journeymen wearing frocks and aprons
In the line.
It is believed that there will be at least
2500 people in line, and this number will
be swelled at the parks by delegations
from Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose and
other interior towns. Last year the at
tendance was over 10.000, and there is no
reason for believing that it will fall short
of that number this year. In the pleas
ure park there is to be dancing, foot races
and feats of strength, besides many other
forms of amusement. In the Trotting
Park horse racing and riding will afford
plenty of amusement.
The Judiciary Committee.
The Judiciary Committee of the Super
visors decided yesterday to reduce the bill
of the State against the city for the main
tenance of the insane from $14,112 50 to
! $1660 80, under the opinion of the City and
County Attorney rendered Monday that
the city was liable only for those insane
persons committed under the provisions
of the Penal Code.
A petition from the Mission Improve
ment Club asking that the committee
commence new proceedings to collect the
1 balance of the assessment for extending
j Potrero avenue to Ninth street and the
' county line was referred to the City and
i County Attorney for advice as to what
1 proceedings can be taken under the old
proceedings. _
Vote against the new charter be
cause the provisions relating to civil
service are a promise to the ear to be
broken to the hope, for they are mani
: festly unconstitutional.
COLORADO FLYER
Leaves DENVER, . . 2:45 p.m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 2:45 p.m.
Arrives TOPEKA, . . 7:30 a. m.
" KANSAS CITY, 9:15 a. m.
Ar. ST. LOUIS, (Wab. Ry.)6:15 p. m .
| —
Arrives ST. JOSEPH, . 10:40 a. m.
Ar. LINCOLN, (Ex. Sun.) 6:42 a.m.
|Ar. OMAHA, (£x. Sun.) 8:50 a.m.
Through Sleepers Colorado Springs
to St. Louis via Wabash Ry.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub. Vapor
and .Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros tor
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 :o $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St.. San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal. •
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC_ ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a.
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great staKe ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
•ports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID AKKANGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRIIS.
KnUe County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
Unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque Bpot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey Covint-y, Cal.
For rest, health anil pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Parais} stands unsurpassed: round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F., $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
01/finnO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
\R fill II \ Only 4% hours from S. F. an ' 1
UI\nUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain 'scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only 13 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of ths
past three years. J. F. MULGKEW, Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thin delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cHd
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Parific offices. |10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE BPATJLPIKQ. Manager.
j^STG-VNTIIISrS.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet:
Fwlmming tank 100x40: temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving. $10 to $12 per week: two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN". Angwin. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Fln«>«<t fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON UROS.. Bes-
wick, Slskiyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious linir.te; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves:
lawns and gardens. The beßt advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena San'tarium. St. Helena. Cal.
HILLSIDE FAR/V\.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk- magnificent location; prand scenery.
Rates $7 to $3 P^r wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa, Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of Bkin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney iiver catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved: rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
3 A HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland: unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottasrrs; terns «10 to «12 rer week.
Telephone. Buy thr ujh tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor, Hopland, Cr.l.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing free:
19 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 EO. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P/ 0.. Ukc County, Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRT, Manager.
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS. Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10 Pend for circular to
JOHANNISBERU RESORT. Napa. CaL
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe). elevation 6607 feeet, opens Juns
1. Fin© accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, $13 50 for ROUND TRIP. J. S.
LIBBY, room 1. Flood building, San Francltco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
.s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of E th'e NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over COO. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the --ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Reports end the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Offir-p, ,",() Market St. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office, Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All alone the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 630 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
-_~. . An ideal place for rest.
/3 JJ.^- _ ' recreation ,-nd health.
In* 111 A Naturally warm mineral
/"iL/LeliA water in- swimming tank
A - m^ •>»«*•■ and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private rig meets
ft • train at St. Helena. Round
V *%*•« m /¥r* trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10.
jDriiHii* 12 14 a— ■
r O W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager. Lidell, Napa
S. F. Agent. County, Cnl.
F. ■ V. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truekee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
an.l pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francl»co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HOKTON, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F., 40 mlnutea from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by •ectric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cruz
Mts : club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone anil telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop., South Ben
Lomond.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOi IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BI.ADDFR affections. Now hotel:
superior accommodations: $8 to $10 per we*k:
roads excellent: good trout fishing and deer
huntinr on property. For particulars ■ -rite W
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad, Lake bounty.
UfiAni) I lirif And K ood treat-
UUUU LLWIV rnent go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand iedwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTIUNGER, Seavlew. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front .at.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
TUSCAN .SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 19»
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs. 9
miles: fare, $1: elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people: telephone, telegraph and postoffloe
in hotel: rates. $10 and up: rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRITSGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. P.. via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled an-1 refur-
nished. Water, eas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, A«ua Caliente. Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lakeport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
end children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME. Proprietors, Soda. Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County. Cal.
SUMMER HOME FA R7VI .
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; ; cottages, tents, hunting and ashing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 60. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal. . ; ,- ; . . .;
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake, Lake Co.. Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m., arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
•'lehlng, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
ilor table. Chicken dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Terms. $7 to $10 per week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0., LaJw Co.. Cal.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HIGHLAND SPEK,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAIj
springs in America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations: rate«
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. CaJ.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of ihe redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Cru».
Magnificent mountain scenery; r.cvation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage fare, 500,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood.
HOWARD'™'"^
HOWARD LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 JlO and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Poptoffice and telephone.
Round trip, JlO. Southern Pacific office, 611
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
S\NHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve: beautiful
scenery: purest air: coldest water; good shoot-
ing: fine trout fishing: home comforts. For
further information call at Trave.er office, 20
Montgomery ft.. San Francisco, or address L.
B. FRASIERj Sanhedrin P. O.
Vb?" TOCALOMA. MM c \ rla
BERTRMIVO MOTEL.
First - class accommodations: rea*onab!a
rates: fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEFII F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st.
MONTE VIST/A,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of,
pure soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
MENLO Park— For rent, very nice house, 13
rooms and bath; neatly furnished: just put In
perfect order; large grounds; 5 minutes' from
depot; low rent. Apply to Weils-Fargo's
agent, Menlo Park, or DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
30 Montgomery st.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 miles from Ukiah;
charmingly located; mile from the red-
woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees: sure cure
for rheumatism and skin diseases: round trip
$9 50; terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0.. Mendocino Co., Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL, Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money.
ROOMS for housekeeping, furnished or unfur-
nished, at Mill Valle- Address C. J. GARD-
NER, Mill Valley. Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL
©/ It, Publishes the Cream of th»
3 News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON TUB
~V ' PACIFIC COAST
3 x /
3 The Best V / Mining
°] Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /V Is Accurate
erf The Coast / \& up to date
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
Z) it Dry or Uninteresting.
01 Bright, Clean, A Champion of
J Thoughtful. Truth.
J --
Z) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 .' ALL IHE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, $i.st
©V INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Cordage advanced again.
Quicksilver firm and rising.
Grain Bags nominal.
Australian Coal in light supply.
Wheat continues to decline.
Barley weak and dull.
Oats, Com and Rye quiet.
Receipts of Hay falling off sharply.
Feedstuffs unchanged. t
Flour weak.
Beans ami Seeds dull.
Wool and Hops very quiet.
Potatoes and Onions weaker.
Vegetables about the same.
Isutter and Cheese easy. Eggs steady.
Poultry plentiful.
Cherries and Berries declining.
Oranges firm and Limes weak.
Dried Fruits steady.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides and Leather strong.
Beef steady. Veal firm.
Mutton easy. Hogs firm.
Canned Goods unchanged.
THE RED CROSS ON 'CHANGE.
A TW Cross subscription was started on
the Produce Exchange yesterday morning, and
amid shouts, cheers and yells the members
were hustled up to sign the list. The scheme
was so successful that in the afternoon flags
were flung out from the California-street door,
a band was set playing patriotic airs and the
mercantile community were freely called upon
to swell the ltst, which they did with a will.
The brokers had a good deal of fun out of it,
besides raising a large sum for the noble ob
ject. But it effectually killed the grain busi
ness of the afternoon session.
CORDAGE ADVANCING STEADILT.
Another advance in cordage haa gona Into
effect. The Manila blockade is doing the busi
ness. A local trade journal says: "Exports of
hemp have ceased at Manila, and there haa
been an advance In its price of 80 to 90 per cent
In the American market, and of 100 per cent In
I nndon The stocks of Sisal In this country
and abroad are light. It Is a substitute tor
hemp imported chiefly from Yucatan. That
has gone up. too. Jute has advanced about 20
per cent in sympathy with the advances in the
other products. The advances have already
had a marked effect upon the rope and twine
Industry."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any. the ,
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches !
and hundredth^ during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
end »"uth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
prol.able. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idttho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produc* an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, <"al., 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
repotted to-day from Weather Bureau Ftatlons
In California:
Eureka, 56; Fresno, 86; Los Angeles. 78; Red
Bluff. 90; Independence, 82; San Diego, 68;
Sacramento. 84; San Luis Oblspo, 82; Yuma, 90.
Sa:i Francisco temperature: Maximum. 62;
minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure ha? fallen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope (luring the past 24 hourr. Along the
Oregon Coast there has been a fall of two
tenths of an inch In the past twelve hours.
Thp temperature has risen rapidly over the
entire Pacific Slope except In the vicinity of
San Francisco. In the Sacramento Valley the
temperature is about 10 degrees above the
normal.
Rain has fallen In Utah and Western Mon
tana, elsewhere the weather has been gener
ally clear-
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the east is reported at Tatoosh
Island.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May ft, 1898:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; fresh northwesterly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
■westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Fair Wednesday; warmer.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
warmer; northerly, changing to fresh westerly
winds. .
Special report from Mount Tamalpala, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west. 12 miles per hour;
temperature, 65; maximum. 72.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 24.— The stock market con
tinued more or less professional to-day, and
there was palpable evidence of manipulation.
The success of the campaign for the rise, as-
Bleted by one or two factors of Btrength, In
vited an extending Interest and Indicated a
broadening tendency in the speculation. The
advance was primarily due to the rumors, sub
sequently discredited, that the United States
fleet had won a victory over the Spaniards in
West Indian waters. The final strength of the
market cannot be attributed to these rumors.
The final upward rush of prices was largely
due to coverinc of shorts who had become
alarmed at the easy advance of prices and the
persistent resistance to decline, and especially
aftet the contradiction of the reports of a suc
cessful naval battle. This covering of shorts
made final prices the best of the day. Net
gains were well over a point on the Inter
national and granger groups of the railway list
and ranged up to nearly six points for Metro
politan Street Railway in the specialties. The
widely diffused effect of the rumors of a naval
victory was shown by the advance in Ameri
cans before the opening here in London and on
the Continent and the coincident 'decline In
Spanish 4s. Weakness In some of the special
ties unsettled the market after the opening
hour, but the upward movement was in full
force before the end of the hour on strength of
London buying, especially of St. Paul and
■was only interrupted by slight reaction during
the remainder or the day. The stocks of Iron
companies continued to show strength and the
Southwestern railways as a group showed
some strength and activity. Dealings In odd
lots were Ftill largely In evidence and were not
a small factor In the undertone of strength of
the market.
The bond market developed Increasing activ
ity as the day advanced and shows net gains
throughout. Total sales. $3,22.',000.
United States bonds were steady ■without
change.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 418.200
shares, including: Atchlson preferred, 15,400;
Chesapeake and Ohio, 5600; Burlington. IS, 100;
Louisville and Nashville. 19,400; Manhattan,
13.500; Metropolitan. lS.tOO; Missouri Pacific,
27 900; New York Central, 5400; Northern Pa
cific, 7700; Northern Pacific preferred, 16..V10;
Bock Island. 15,700; St. Paul, 56.500; Southern
preferred, 4600; Union Pacific preferred, 19.500;
Vnion Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 3100; WabasH
preferred, 4H00; Tobacco, 16.400; Chicago Great
Western, 10,500; People's Gas, 12,500; Sugar,
17.700; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 3800; Leather
preferred, 9400; Western Union, 4100.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% Do prefd 146% j
Do.prsfd 32 St P & Om 79
Baltimore & Ohio IS% Do prefd 145
Canada Pacific .. 84% St P M & M 185
Canada Southern. SI 7 * So Pacific ' 15%
Central Pacific .. 13% So Railway S%
dies & Ohio 22% Do prefd 30%
Chi & Alton 15» Texas & Pacific • 11%
Chi B & Q 102% Union Pacific .... 69% ;
Chi & E 111....'... 60 |U P D & G 7%
C C C & St L.... 35% Wabash 7%
Do prefd 75 Do pvefd 20
Del & Hudson*... 108 Wheel & L E 3%
Del L& W v 152 Do prefd 11*
Den & R G 12 Express Companies-
Do prefd 47% Adams Ex g
Erie (new) 13 American Ex — 123
Do Ist prefjrt.... Z5% United States .... 41
Fort Wayne 16S i Wells Fargo 117
Ot Nor prefd 65% 'A- cot Oil 22%
Hocking Val 6 Do prefd 74%
Illinois Central .. 104% Amn Spirits 12%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do prefd 31%
Do prefd 72% Am Tobacco 109% ,
Lake Shore 188% Do prefd IIS • |
Louis & Nash 55 ■*! People's Gas 98%
Manhattan L .... 105% Cons Gas 194%
Met St Ry 161% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 105% Co) F & 1r0n.... 22%
Minn & St L.... 27% Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 87 Gen Electric 3t,% :
Mo Pacific 35% Illinois Steel 51
1 Mobile & 0hi0... 28 Laclde Gas *,% j
Mo X & T 11% Lead 33%
! Do prefd 35% Do prefd 107*4
i Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil 21
1 Do nrefd 2S Or Imp Co 28%
i N J Central 94% Pacific Mail 21%
! N V Central .... 116% Pullman Pal 18S% |
N V Chi & St L. 13 Silver Cert ....... ' 6i%
Do Ist prefd.... «5 Stand R& T 6% i
Do 2d prefd.... 31% Sugar 138%
Nor West 13% Do prefd 113
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 25T4
No Pacific 26% U 8 Leather 8%
Do prefd -66% Do prefd 68%
Ontario & W 15% U S Rubber 21%
Or R & Nay 61% Do prefd 79
Or Short Line.... 28 Went Union 91%
Pittsburg 166 C & N W 128%
Reading . » IS I Do prefd 170
Do Ist prefd.... 45% St L & S W 4%
Rock Island 102H Do prefd 10%
St L & S F 7% R G W 25
Do Ist prefd.... 61% I Do prrfd 62
Do 2d prefd.... 29* i Chi G W 14% |
St Paul W«i Haw Com Co .... 19%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 121% N Carolina 65.... 122%
Do coup 121% Do 4s 105
U S 4s 108 No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 109% Do 3s 60%
Do 2ds 95' Do 4s • 85%
D S 5s re* 110% N V C & S L 45.. 101
Do 6s> coup ll'V- Nor & W 6s 117
District 3.65s 113% Northwstrn cons. 137
Ala class A 10S 1 - Do deb 5s 114
Do B 105 O Nay lets 112%
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 95% I
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 124
Atchison 4s .'. 90% O S Line 5s tr.... 102%
Do adj 4s 64% O Imp lsts tr 110
Can So 2ds 10S Do 5s tr 59
Chi Term 4s So Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5s 112% Reading 4s 84
C H & D 4%5.... 104% : R G \V lsts 84%
D *• R G lsts 106% St L & I M C ss. 93%
D & R G 4s 91% St L & S F G 6b. 118
East Term lsts.. 106% Pt P Con 143
Erie Gen 4s 72 St PC & P lsts.. 117
F W & D lsts tr. 72 Do 5s 115
Gen Elec 5s 103 V. So Ry 6s 92%
G H & S A 65... 109 Stand R4; T 65.. 6S
Do 2ds 105% Term new set 3s. 86
H&T Css 110 T&P L G lsts.. 103% ,
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 34% !
lowa C lsts 101% U P D & G lsts.. 68% I
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 107*4 i
L & N Unl 45.... 89 Do 2ds 81%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107% !
M X & T 2ds 61% Va Centuries. ... 67% !
Do 4s 89 Do deferred ... 5 ■
N V Central lsts. 117% |U P prefd 5!)%
N J C 5s 112 IV P 4s 93%
MINING STOCKS.
(-hollar 12 Ontario 8 on i
Crown Point W- Ophlr 32
Con Cal & Va.... 4.'. "tymouth 10 j
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry M Do nrefd 260 ,
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada .. 40
Homestake 40 00 1 Standard 155
Iron Sliver 45 Union Con 05
Mexican 16 1 Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 24— Atchieon. 12"4; Bell Tele
phone. 252; C. B. & <"> . 102«4: Mexican Central,
4»i: Oregon Short line. 81; San Diego. : B.
and M., 197%: B. and 8., 24^: Parrott, 19%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 24— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market here was quiet but firm to-day. The
settlement shows a small account and was
favored by easy money. Contangoes and
Americans were usually 3 to 4 per cent, but a
few weak bulls were charged 4>^ per Dent.
Americans were distinctly better, closing at
the best with a revival of speculative Inter
est. The improvement in Brazils continues.
Canadian Pacific. 86%: Grand Trunk. 8%:
bar silver, quiet, 26Hd per ounce; money, 2@
2Vt per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 33%, a net loss of %.
PARIS. May 24.— Spanish fours closed at 33H.
a net loss of 1 1-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 24— FLOUR— Receipts.
45.700; exports, 151 barrels. Neglected and a
shade lower with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 679.875; exports, 88,088
bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. $1 SSV£ f. o. b.
afloat; exports, O.lSic. Options opened weak
under depressing cable news, big Northwest re
ceipts and favorable crop reports. Trade was
dull all day, with little feature save a late
rally in July on covering, which left It un
changed from last night, against 3c decline
in May and l%c decline In later months. No.
2 red May, $1 5901 64; dosed, $1 60; July, $1 14ft
@1 16*4 ; dosed. $1 16%.
HOPS— Weak.
WOOL- Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DoIL
METALS— The metal department was slow
to-day, with changes In quotations unimport
ant. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, very quiet, with $6 75
bid and $6 40 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Was quiet and unchanged,
with $12 bid and $12 10 asked.
TIN -Was -dull, with $14 C 5 bid and $14 70
asked.
SPELTER— Finished the day steady In tone,
with $4 2.*. bid and $4 35 asked.
LEAD- Ruled very dull, with $3 60 bid at the
close and $3 »>'> asked. Lead Is still quoted $3 50
by the firm making the settling price for West
ern minors and smelters.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 13.750 bags, includ
ing: May, $5 6Hfrs 75; July, $5 60. Spot coffee-
Dull; No. 7 invoice. 6^c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c;
mild, quiet: SVi©lsV4c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3%®
3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; refined
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13,700 packages. Market,
steady: Western creamery, 14@16c; E4glns. 16c;
factory, llQlXttc.
EGGS— Receipts, 13.600 packages; steady;
Western, llH'3'l2c; Southern. ll>4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 24.— California fruita, firm. '
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<tfß%c;
prime wire tray, 9@9V4c; wood dried, prime,
4W@4>ie: choice. 9%c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— 6«SUe.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, B@9c; Moorpark. 10®12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, 126 He.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 24.— bulk of speculative
business In Wheat to-day was confined to Sep
tember and December, and In ■ view of the
lower foreign markets and' the prospect of
big crops on both sides of the ocean holders
got discouraged and sold out and scalpers sold
short, making a weak . and drooping market.
July was heard of at considerable intervals
and was apparently kept well in hand by
Letter brokers and the latter also took oc
casion at times when September and Decem
ber appeared to be getting too weak to let !
the crowd know the hlph worth of May and I
June Wheat. Liverpool cables were l@2d
lower. Among the bearish items of the day's
news was a report that France had supplies \
enough until harvest, which will commence in
the southern part of that country July 1
July started 102 c lower at »1 Wai 10, sold up
to $1 1014, declined to $1 08%. then up again to
$1 09% at the close. September closed at 87*4 \
@87% c. May and June unchanged.
A large speculative business was done in
Corn to-day at "declining prices. The weakness
was chiefly due to an improvement In th«
weather. The heaviness of the September
Wheat had its Influence also to the Injury of
the value of Corn. July closed K3>l%c lower.
The heavy selling by May longs was respon- I
sible for the decline In Oats. July closed with !
a loss of Hie.
■ There was evidence of provision selling by !
the packing houses to-day and prices showed
declines. Fork Is 27% c lower; Lard is 20c and
Ribs 12V4<gir.c lower.
' The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
May 160 165 160 165
July 110 110% 1 08% 1 09%
September 88 88% • 8714 87%
December 8274 S3 82»4 82%
Corn No. —
May 34% 34% 34% 34% |
July 34% 34V» 34% 34%
September 3514 '35% 35 35 I
Oats No. • 2—
May ........ 29% 29% - 28% 28%
July .....:.......... 26% 25% 24% 24%
September 22% 23 22% 82%
j Mess Pork, per bbl —
July. 12 00 12 07% 1172% 1187%
September 12 15 12 15 1187% 12 00
Lord, per 100 lbs—
July ................ 625 6 27% 6 12% 6 17%"
September 635 6 37% 620 « 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - * V
July 605 6 07% 690 6 97%
September ClO 6 12% 6 97% 605
- Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet. No. 2 spring wheat, $1 20; No.
3 spring wheat, $1 15® 1 40; No. 2 red. $1 62; No.
2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 oats, 29%3>29%c; N0. 2 white. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
31% c; No. 3 white. So@3o%c; No. 2 Rye, 65% c;
No. 2 barley, 40@51c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 34 :
. prime timothy seed. $2 So@2 85; mess pork per
bbl, $11 75@11 80; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 lo@6 17%;
short ribs sides (loose), $5 90@6 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), *6<gs 50; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 35(g6 45.
Articles- Rec , el -& 8 - Shlpn e , n
Flour, barrels 11.500 11.800
Wheat, bushels 93.800 1.3.200
Corn, bushels 63.800, 812.800
Oats, bushels 418.800 827,500
bushels .13.000 600
Barley, bushels 40.000 *- 00 ?
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; Creameries, 13«lo%c; Dairies,
i ll@l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10@Uc. Cheese
not quoted. . -
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
■."•-" '-'•- Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 128,760 58.500
Duluth 253,741 333.000
Milwaukee 49.400 ,4*S2
Chicago 93.831 173.228
Toledo 177,334 126.000
St. I^>ulß .- 29.000 30.000
Detroit • »'295 0,466
Kansas City - 29,000 64.500
Totals 726,3" 785,244
Tidewater— - .
■ Boston. 120,947 «
New fork 697,875 380.098
Philadelphia 13.839 9.<49
Baltimore 37,953 80.000
: New Orleans •• 72.000
Totals 870,619 541,847
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- " May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 66 40 64 65
Closing ...66 40 64 40
Flour —
i Opening 29 85 24 80
i Closing 29 75 24 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 10 3% 7 8 7%
ClOßln* -> 10 4 77% T«
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 24.— CATTLE— steady
to-day and the export demand continued fairly
large Western steers, $4 36®4 80; cows and
heifers, $3 80; stockers and feeders, $4 25@4 75;
canners, $2 !>o@3.
SHEEP— RuIed strong to-day, and 10@loc
higher. Clipped lambs, $4 60@5 50; wooled
I lambs, $5 73CJ6 50; spring lambs. $6 2.'<3 1 7; clip
ped sheep, $3 25@4 60; wooled sheep, $4 15.
. HOGS— Were slow and SifflOc lower. Pack
ers, $4 15@4 37: butchers, $* 20@4 70; mixed. $4 15
<g4 42; light, $3 Ss@4 30; pigs. 2 70«4.
Recepits— Cattle, 2500; Hogs. 22,000; Sheep,
9000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Neb.. May 24.— Receipts.
4100. Market, steady: native beef steers, $3 90@
4 So: Western steers, $3 70@4 40; cows and
heifers. $3 Co@4 25; canners, $2 50@3 30: stock
ers and feeders, $3 So@s 10; bulls and stags,
$2 8004.
Receipts, 11,800. Market, s<f?loc lower;
heavy, $4 2004 3.">; mixed, $4 22&@4 25; light,
$4 2064 25; bulk of pales, $4 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market, strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 70«it4 35; do Westerns. $3 60
f4 25: common and stock sheep, J3@3 40; lambs,
i 25« 5 65.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. May 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000. Market, steady to shade lower; native
steers, $4<fr4 45; native cows and heifers. $2 50®
4 75; stockers and feeders, $4@4 50; bulls, $3
@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 24.000. Market, 5<310c low
er; bulk of sales, $4(g'4 40; heavy, $4 25ff4 45;
packers. $3 90@4 40: mixed. $3 90#4 37; lights.
$3 SSS4 30; pigs, $3 3:<®3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market, firm; lambs,
$3 85@6 50; muttons, $3@4 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. May 24. — CATTLE— Receipts.
3600. Market, steady; beef steers, $3 80@4 60;
cows, $3^3 90; feeders, freight paid to river,
13 50>34 50: stockers do, $3 BiK?4 70; bulls and
stags. $2 r.o*§T3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market, steady; shade
lower: light packers. $4 20<84 25; mixed, $4 15®
4 20: heavy. $4 10-&4 20
SHEEP — Receipts, none: market unchanged.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. May 24— A firmer tone Is noted
In some branches of the wool market this
week, although the trade Is quiet. There has
been some call for medium wool for the man
ufacture of army goods. The prir-e paid was
generally about 21c, although some choice
lines went as high as 23c.
Territory wools are being picked up occa
sionally but' no advance In prices can be
quoted. Bids below the market price for Aus
tralian have been made but refused: Quota
tions:
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium and
fine, ID'g'lGc; scoured, 45c; staple. 4Sr\ Utah,
Wyoming, etc., medium and fine, 13@14c;
scoured. 43'??45c; staple. 4Sc.
Australian— Scoured l.nsis, combing, super
fine, 70®72c; good. 65fa6Sc; average, 62<565c;
Queensland, combing. 6Tic.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
--FTW YORK, May 24.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Brad^reet's covering the
principal points of accumulation Indicate the
' following changes In available supplies last
■ Saturday, e.s compared with the preceding Sat-
I urday:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increased SOO.OOO bushels: afloat for
and In Europe, Increase. 425.000; world's supply,
' total Increase. 2.9n0.r>00 bushels.
Corn— l'nlted States and Canada, east of the
| Rockies, decrease. 2.456.000 bushels.
Oats— l'nlted States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 679,000 bushels. The com
i blned stock of wheat at Portland, Or., and
! Taooma and Seattle, Wash., shows an Increase
of 309,000 bushels for the week.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 24.— Consols, 111 5-16. Silver.
| 26^- French rentes, 102f 90c.
LIVERPOOL., May 24.— Wheat steady; car
goes off coast, very little doing: cargoes on
passage, easier; English country markets, dull;
Liverpool Wheat, spot dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3<V.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady: July, 10s 4d;
! September. 7s 7%d; December, 7s %d.
i CORK— Spot American mixed, new, quiet. 3s
6'-id: May steady, 3s 6Mid: July steady, 3s 4%d;
September steady, 3s 7%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 24.— The local wheat
market continues dull with no transactions re
ported. Quotations are strictly nominal. Walla
Walla, 87<a>&8c; Valley. 90c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 24— Wheat weak and lc low
er. Blue Stem, 90c: Club. 02c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. May 24— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at open auction
to-day as follows: Centennial, 85c(g>$ 1 30;
Black Tartarian, 55c(J$l 25.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— T0-day's statement
P* the condition of the treasury shows: Avall
; able cash balance, $204,462,022; gold reserve,
i $173,393,974.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 24.— COTTON— Dull, mid
dlings. 6 7-16.
NEW ORLEANS, May 24.— COTTON— Firm;
middlings, 6.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 24.— Exchanges. $311,-
E6l: balances, $'.6,925.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 S7V4
' New York Exchange, sight — 124
' New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
I Fine Silver, per ounce — 57V4
■ Mexican Dollars — 46V&
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market Is nominal
and stagnant at 27b 6d, usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 3442, against 4700 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 8347 tons, against
86,900; on the way to this port, 218,800 tons,
against 205,900.
V. liiiA -lie decline continue* all over the
world. In the local market there Is nothing
dn<iiK If", r|v ( trrnin and business on' call has
fn'ion fgr materially during the rust few days.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: . Shipping. Jl 60@l 62%; milling,
(1 Csfg 170 per ctl. ... ■ ».>;;.-;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 66; 12.000, $1 54%; IS.OOO, $1 M%; 10,
000, $1 54*4.
■ Second session— December— Booo ctls. $1 54;
2000, $1 53%; 16,000, $1 54% ; 8000, $1 5414; 2000,
$1 54%; 2000. $1 54>4.
Regular morning session— December— l6,ooo
ctls. $1 54»,i; 38.000. *1 54Vi; 4000, »1 54%; .16,080,
$1 54%. . ' wt • »
Afternoon session — No sales.
BARLEY— Trade is very quiet In this cereal.
The tendency on call is toward lower figures
and the spot market If lifeless.
Feed, $1 22%@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — Decembei- — 2000
ctls. $1 21%
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 20%.
Regular morning session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 22.
Afternoon session — No sales.
OATS — Offerings seem to be reduced, but
there is no Improvement in prices. The de
mand Is slack.
Fancy Feed. $1 42Vfe^fl 43 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 3.V(fl 40; common. II 30-ffl 32U-. Sur
prise, $1 45<ftl 50; gray, $1 Vttfr 37^; milling,
Jl SoOl 42* per ctl.
CORN — Business continues slack at un
changed quotations. Offerings are not as heavy
as they have been.
Small round yellow, tl 2/ oei itli "*.•■*» ->-el
low. $1 07V4@1 10; white. $1 MH^l 10 per ctl.
RYE— Dull at $1 35(51 38% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75<gl 85_per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Lower prices for Flour may be looked for If
the decline In Wheat continues, but thus far
there is no change. Millstuffs are unchanged.
FLOUR-Family Extras, $6@6 10; Bakers Ex
tras. $5 7595 86 per bbl. , ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100.
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal. 52 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, »4: Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2HW3 50; Buckwheat Flour, H@*2s;
f 'racked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4 75: «hol»
Wheat Flour $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels) S.>_Bo
ffifi 20; in sacks to 80@6: Pearl Barter, Jlß;
Split Peas, $4 25- Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There is now no excitement whatever in Hay.
the market being quiet. Receipts from all
sources have fallen off. and there Is no new
Hay of any cons»quence coming in at present.
The feeling Is steady. The continuous advance
in bale rope Is not 'worrying dealers, for they
say It will result In the substitution of wire.
There is no further change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— sl6<&"l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I 50<ff23 50 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2S per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31«f31 50j Jobbing,
»32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $25'?730 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 j0; Cracked
Corn. $2^r
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $20*?
14 50; Wheat and Oat. I2O©»: Oat, $"©l9;
Barley, $16@18; compressed Wheat . »2l«/24:
compressed Oat $lfl«ri!>: Alfalfa. $12®13 aO;
Clover, nominal:' Timothy, * 14<a 1T 50 - _^« A
NEW HAY-Wheat, wire-bound. SI. -??20; vol
unteer wild Oat 115016; Clover and Oat. $12 50
@13 50: Barley $16; Isiand Barley. $13@15; Al
falfa, $12<§13 50.
STRAW— 7oc@sl per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Both Beans and Seeds are dull and un
changed.
BEANS— $2 90©3 05; Small Whites,
»1 96@2 10; Large Whites. $1 9002 06: Pinks.
$2 65@2 75; Reds. $3: Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$1 76@2; Llmas. %l(g3 10; Pea. $2^2 16; Red Kid
neys. $2 65@2 85 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@2 GO per ctl;
Yellow Mustard $3 1563 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%©2% c per 1b; Alfalfa, 3®6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 5!g 1 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, *1 75<g'2; Green, Jl 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plnnt brought 12(3>16c per Tt>. i
Green Peppers IS'</2jc and Tomatoes $1 50@2 25
per box. i
Potatoes and Onions are weaker again.
String Beans continue scarce and high, and
a good many of them are too small for the
market. Cucumbers are slowly declining.
Otherwise there is nothing new.
POTATOES— River Reds. 40@50c; River Bur
banks, 70S 80c per Back; Oregon Burbanks, 76®
90c; Petaluma Burbanks. 60@70c per sack; new
Potatoes, 1%@2%c per tb.
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at »4 50@5; new,
40@60c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were IM boxes As
paragus, £07 boxes Rhubarb and 253 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, J2 50 for extra large; {1 75(g2 25
per box for No. 1, Jl@l 50 for small Rhubarb,
40@65c per box for small to good and 75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, |l<f?l 25 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lt>; String Beans,
Bff?l2%c; Wax Beans, S®l2%c; Horse Beans, 40®
75c per sack; Summer Squash, Sl'al 75 per box;
Dried Peppers, 6@"c per Tb; Dried Okra, 12% c;
Cabbage. S6@7Sc per ctl; Carrots, 30@30c per
sack; Cucumbers. 25<f?75c per dozen; Marys
ville. Cucumbers, (1609171 per box; Mexican
Tomatoes, per box; new Garlic, s@6c
per Ib.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per tb in lots of 25
Tb; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
23c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POI'LTRY AND GAME.
Hens are In excessive supply and hard to
sell. Ducks and Goese are cheap and slow.
Old Roosters are also a drug. Young stock
continues firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10«?llc for Gob
blers and lO^Hc for Hens: Geese, per pair,
75c@$l; Goslings, $11?1 50: Ducks, $3ff3 50 for
old and $3 50@5 for young: Hens, $2 £o@3 50:
Roosters. young, $S®9; Roosters, old, *3 4;
Fryers. $6@7; Broilers, $4 50®5 60 for large,
$2 50<7?3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 2.'><g'l 75 per
dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGQS.
Butter continues weak, with ample stocks.
Cheese is easy at the repent decline.
Eggs are stonily and the Eastern product Is
moving oft well at firm prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries. 20c: seconds,
19c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, lS®l9c; common
grades, l«sll7Hc per Tb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, IS®
16V4c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17%
18c
CHEESE— mild new. 9c; old. 7%@BV4c:
Cream Cheddar. 10-irllc; Young America, V) 'i
lie; Eastern, 1201 SO.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 146 ISc per dozen; store
Eggs, 13Viigi4c; Eastern, 14g15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FIIUITS.
Though stocks of Apricots are free there Is
no decline In prices. Royals have appeared
from Vacaville, and are held at $1 2. per crate.
They are too small and green to sell readily.
Cherries are slowly declining under liberal
arrivals. The tendency In all berries Is down
ward, as receipts are gradually Increasing. The
same remark applies to Currants.
i Fine Navel Oranges are firm and in light
supply. Limes are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 608 chests of Strawberries and
1677. b0xes of Cherries, and 412 boxes Apricots.
Strawberries, $1 7698 per chest for large and
$3(54 50 for small berries in baskets, and $4 50
@6 for loose.
White Cherries, 25r?F50c per box: black, 30®
75c; Royal Annes, 60@73c; loose Cherries, 2<6@
3c for white ami s@6c per Ib for black.
Currants. 50@65c per box.
Blackberries, per crate.
Apricots, 4iir^ji j«r box and 75c@$l per
crate for Prlngles, and 75c@$l 25 per box for
seedlings.
Gooseberries, l%@2c per lb for common and
4©-5 c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1<<?1 25 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, 50®60c per drawer.
Apples 40@.'0c per box for common, 75c'?$l
for good to choice and $1 801 50 for fancy;
New Apples. per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. J2@3 25;
Seedlings, 7r.c(sTsl 25: Lemons, 50c(S$l for com
mon and -l 2:.©2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50® »; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40<p5Cc; Bananas, $1 25@2 per- bunch;
Pineapples, J3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is nothing new. A moderate demand
for small lots keeps reducing the stock of
Fruits. Honey Is quiet. Raisins are nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— l'runes, carload lots. 4*i<§>
Be for 40-50" s. 4U@4%c for 60-60" 8. S%ig!4c for
60-70"s, 3Vi((?3V4c for 70-80' s, 2%<g'3c v for 80-90' s. 2%
<&2%c for 90- lOC's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, sV4c@
6c: peeled, 10®'12^c; Apricots, S#C%C for Roy
als and 7136 c for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7%fTRc; sun-dried, 4%(??5c;
Black Figs in sacks, 2@2>/£c;' Plums, 4Vfc'«4\c
for pitted and iv t(fii'-.rt (fii'-.r for unnltted; bleached
Plums, r.(tj.-,%ic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2M>'?4'4C for quarters and 3@s',£c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— lH@2c for.two-crown. 3c for three
crown. 3Vj.c for four-cS-own, 4'^.c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2',ic.
<"!•>. -stl'iits are quotable at Sc per lb;
Walnuts 3@4c for hardshell and 4<fTCc for soft
shell; Almonds. 3i&4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softsheli. hWii'JC tor paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
BH*! for Fnslern and ihi-r. for California: Pe
cans, SHfMc; Filberts, 9i4^loc; Brazil Nuts,
B<s9c per Ib; Cocoonuts. $4 .r,oTi>r7. r ,oTi>r7 per 100.
• HONEY— Comb* 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6V4QI
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
All cured meats are firm at the recently Im
proved prices. The demand Is very good. Lard
is strong.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 914 c for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12(fl2**c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams. 10%<gllc: Cali
fornia Hams 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11: Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $13; Smoked Beef, 12<i(12^c per
lb. • V
I..ARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 8 Vie for pure; palls, 9V;c:
California tierces .'He per lb for compound
and 7lic for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb
tins. 8V;c: 5-lb tins. B%c. ■__;;;■■
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c: packages,
less then 300 lbs— 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, 4 e: 10-lb pails, in a case, SV4c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7vAc; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; hall
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7',2C per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Ther^ are still no quotations for the spring
clip lof Wool and the market Is as dead as
ever. . Hops are equally , stagnant.
Hidfs are active and firm, but no higher.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. S%'tf9MiC.; light. B%@9c;
Cowhides, S\t,<S9\ic; Stags, Be; salted Kip, 9©
9 1 4 c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16c; culls and brands,
12'al3c; dry Kip and Veal. 16@16Vic: dry Calf,
186-19 c; culls, lC@nc; Goatskins, 30@37'4c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30e
per lb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20Q'25c each; "short wool, 30@50c
each; medium, : 60® SOc; on wool, 90@$l 10
each: Horsehldes, salt, $2<??2 BO for large, $1 30
<5?2 for medium and 73c<S$l for small; Colts,
60(5>750. Horseh'de* drj'. $1 50®* for large and
$lr?fl 25 for small; Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 34r3^c per lb;
No. 2, 2@2Hc; refined. 4U©4%c; Grease. 2c . _
WOOL— Fall clip. San Joaquln, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
17@18c. . ■
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9®l2>4e per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are steady. Veal is firm, and good Beef
meets with a satisfactory demand. Mutton and
Lamb are easy, and there is very little choice
Mutton coming in.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice, 6Msc: second
quality, s^c; third quality. 4®sc per lb.
VEAL- Large. 4<f?sc; small. 6<g7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7'i^Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. B©B%C per lb. «,*»*-
PORK— Live Hogs. 4©4HC for large. 4Vi@4%c
for medium and 3»4tfi3 a 4c for small; stock
Hogs, 2g3c; dressed Hogs, SMj'SSu.c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, B»4@
6'Ac; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— The market is but moderately sup
plied and the fee..ng is firm. Australian grades
are scarce. Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, 18; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Ba- $5: Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 2.". in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. . „
CORDAGE— Has again advanced as follows:
Manila, 9»4c; Sisal. S?tc. basis.
CANNED FRUITS— White Cherries, $1 50®
1 60; Peaches, $1 lOfiU 20; Pears, ; Apri
cots, $I<Sl 10. __ _
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@85c; To-
matoes, 80c.
COFFEE— We quote: . :;~,
Costa Rica— l6@l7c for prime washed: 140150
for good washed; !8<&164c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 14@15c for good peaberry;
12%@14%c for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 9H@l2Vsc for
fair; 6(§9c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l3@lsV>c for good to prime washed; :
ll@l2Uc for fair washed; 14@15c for good to |
prime washed peaberry; 9%iglOVic for superior
unwashed; B%@9c for good green unwashed;
12@12*4c for good to prime unwashed pea- ;
berry.
Nicaragua— S%@loc for good to superior uric \
washed; 114/ 12c for good unwashed peaberry. >
Guatemala and Mexican— l7@lS%c for prim»
to fancy washed- 14m6c for good to strictly
good washed; Il<gl3%c for fair washed: B@lo^o
for medium; (%@7%c for common to ordinary;
15%<6'17V4c for good to prime washed peaberry; I
11 V" 12' : for good unwashed peaberry: 9V4@
lO^c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c; cases, se
lected, 4V-c; imitation Eastern, 5Uc: boneless,
s'sc; strips, s%@7Hc; blocks, sV4@7c; tablets, ;
7>*c; middles, 6V6<gfS''.c per lb: desiccated, 87% c j
per dozen: pickled cod. barrels, each, $8 00; j
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c; [
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates); I
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 58c; Linseed Oil, |
in barrels, raw. 56c; cases 5c more; Lard Oil, I
extra winter strained, barrels, 65c; No. 1. 55c; i
cases, 5c more; China Nut. 49(fi56c per gallon; j
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No.
1, barrels. 55c; cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c;
natural white. 80c: bleached white. 45c: Whale
Oil, natural white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; !
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, £2
(at 25 per gallon. !
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH- I
THA— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll^c
per gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases 17c; Astral Oil, ,
17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c: Elaine
Oil, 22c: Eocene Oil, 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in cases, 17'^c; ■ i degree Naphtha, in bulk,
llHc; 63 degree Naphtha, In cases, 16V>c; 86 de- :
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline, \
in cases, 25c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 49c; in iron bar
rels, 44c; in wooden barrels. 4Gc per gallon.
LUCOL — Boiled, barrels. 50c; boiled, in cases,
65c; raw, barrels, 48c; raw, cases, 53c per gal
lon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light. 6s, 16oz, "He; 14 oz, 6Hc; 12
cz, s',ic: 10 ox, 4 l Ac. Paraffine Wax Candles —
Is, 2s. 4s. fis and ]2s. white. 7%c: colored, S*ic.
QUICKSILVER — For export, $39, and local
use, $42 50 per flask.
LEATHER— Active and firm. Quotations are
■ s follows : Harness, heavy, 30i@3;)C per Id; ■
harness, medium. 2Sc: harness, light. 26<ff27c;
rough, medium, 28c: rough, light, 26@27c; rough
Leather, 22@23c; Kips, $40(950 per dozen: Calf. ]
90c(K$l per lb; rought splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife
splits, 10(S12c; Collar Leather, black, 10<S12c per
foot; Collar Leather, russett, 10@12c; Skirting
Leather, 30(335c per lb,.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 614 c; Dry
Granulated, f>7»c; Confectioners' A. BTic; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, E%e; Golden C. 6Vic;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A. s&c per
lb; half-barrels yy t c more than barrels, and
boxes fee more.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c """h for No. 1 and 6<JTBc for
No. 2: Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough, |6 50;
peeled, »9; Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary' sizes, $17<i?18 DO; extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— slS(ff2o for No. 1 and JI64HS for No. 2;
Lath. * feet, $2 40^2 50; Pickets, $17; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$21<& 26.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, May 24.
Flour, nr sks ... 5. 164 Straw, tons 25
Wheat, ctls 1.63 H. Wool, bales 16.!
Barley, ctls 6»0 Pelts, bdls 135
Butter, ctls 587 Hides, no 421
Cheese, ctls 40 Eggs, doz 21.24')
Beans. Eks 37$ Leather, rolls ... 27.")
Potatoes, sks ... 3, Hi* Lumber, ft 10,000
Onions, sks 893 1 Wine, gals 11,960
BhortS, sks 450 1 Tallow, bhls 37
Bran, sks 1,34u Lime, bbls 2^2
Hay, tons llm Powder, cs 250
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,7.'.4 Shorts, sks 450
Wheat, ctls 540 Barley, ctls 2DO
Hay, tons 10 Bran, sks I,2b'i
WASHINGTON.
Hay, tons 10 1 ,
■ » «
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were a few cents better tn
some cases, though the improvement was not
general.
In local securities better prices ruled for
Hawaiian Commercial and Oceanic Steamship,
with a fair business.
The Sierra Nevada Company has received
$903S from the smelting works as the net pro
ceeds of 21,699 pounds net weight of concen
trates treated. These concentrates assayed
111.72 ounces silver, 39.70 ounces gold and 18.4
ounces lead. Inclusive of the $903S thus re
ceived the company has received a total of
118.519 net in gold coin from bullion and con
centrates since the extraction of ore from the
Rlley tunnel began. Another shipment of 15
tons net concentrates has been made.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
of Shasta County his levied an assessment of
a cents per share, delinquent June 27.
The annual meeting of the Segregated
Helcher and Mides Consolidated Mining Com
pany has been called for June 7.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40 cents per share
on June 5.
The Elkton Consolidated Mining Company
of Colorado paid a dividend of 2 cents per
share, amounting to $20,0d0, on May 20.
The report of the Victor Gold Mining Com
pany of Cripple Creek, Colo., for the qnarter
ending March 31 shows earnings of $19i>,8ffl: ex
penses, $64,042; dividends, $;iO.OOO, and cash on
hand April 1, $l. r >9.9fi7. This company has paid
$SSf>,iX>o in dividends to date.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a regular dividend of 25 cents
and an extra dividend of an equal amount to-
day.
In the Chollar mine they have placed two
sets of timbers in the main incline above the
1200 foot level since last report. On the tunnel
level the raise from the west crosscut 60 feet
north of the south line is now up 21 feet; the
tr.p shows porphyry and quartz, the latter
assaying from $S to $12 per ton. On the 100
foot level the north drift from the east cross
cut has been advanced 36 feet: total length
106 feet; the face is in quartz assaying from
$7 to $8 per ton. They have saved from all
I" .lms since last report 10 tons and 1000 pounds
of ore, the car samples of which assayed
gold $S 79, silver 9.60 ounces per ton. On the
Brunswick lode they are still engaged In cut
ting the 800 foot level station In No. 1 incline
shaft.
In the Potosl mine they have placed twtj
sets of timbers In the main incline above the
1200 foot level since the lart report was writ
ten. The joint Potosi and Bullion west cross
cut on the south line of Potosl on the tunnel
level has been driven 26 feet for the week
and is now out 58 feet; the face is in low
grade quartz. On the Brunswick lode they
are engaged in cutting out a station at the
800 foot level of incline shaft No. 1. Tne
main south drift on the 600 foot level has been
advanced 32 feet: total length from north line
304 feet; the face Is in porphyry and quartz
yielding low assays.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, May 24— p. m.
_ Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 4S 48>i
4s quar c0up. .109*4111 Pac Gas Imp.. 86 —
4s quur reg...lOS 10a Pac L C 0..... SOU 51^4
4s'quar new. . .121^122' 2 S F G & E... S7H 87V4
Miscellaneous— ' San Fran .... 3*4 —
Cal-st Cab ss. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cat El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99 100 Film's Fund.l9o —
Dup-st ex c... — 9814 Bank Stocks—
X L & P 65..127H — Anglo-Cal .... — 65
F * Cl Ry 65.112 Vi — Bank of Ca1...243 245
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 97*4 —
II C & S 5H8..100 105 • First Nat ....205 " —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon. P & A.. — 130
Do jcntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 . 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat 8....152Vi160
Do Ist M 55..113Vi11»% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97& Ger S & L..1425 1660
NC NG Rr75.103 — Hum S & L.1050,1160
N Ry-Cal 65..107V4 — ! Mutual Say. — 42U
N Ry Cal 55..100>4 — Is F Say U.. — 500
NPC n R 65.10« — |S & L 50.... — 100
NrC a R Ss.lOOVi — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas C 5...100 — ' Union T Co. 935 —
Do 2d Is 55.. 108 108% Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123%123% California ....108 —
P&O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 107% — |Market-st 51% 51%
Powell-st 6s. ..116 — i Presidio 8% 9V*
Reno "WL&L..IOO — I mwder—
Sac Elecßyos.lOO — I California ....115 150
6F & N P 55.10G%107mE Dynamite .. 85 —
SierraßCal 6s. — 102' i Giant Con Co. 43% 44
PPof Ar 65..103U1(H Vigorit 3 3V4
S P Cal 65... .— 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC In cc 55.. — OG Al Pac Assn.. 92% 94
S P Br 6s 109%— Ocr Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat G5... 116^117', Hana P C 0.... 10% 15
S V Wat 45... 102 lOtVi H C & S Co.. 19* 19%
Stock Gas fis.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 4S 48U
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
' Contra Costa.. SShi — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
! Mnrin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 57'-i 5S
Spring Valley. 100'4 100V: Pac A F L... 1% —
Gas * Ei-ectric— I'ac Bot Co .. — 101%
Cent Oulljcbt.los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11%
Morning Session.
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 100 50
GO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 00
230 do do 19 50
50 do do 19 37%
15 do do 19 25
75 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 73
10 Spring Valley Water 100 25
$1000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds, b 15 107 00
$2000 do do b 14 107 00
$3000 do do 107 00
Street—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 93 2..
$8000 N P C R R 5s Bonds 100 50
Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 50
80 Hutchinson S P Co 48 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 2a
75 do do 57 50
15 Pacific L,lghttng 51 00
10 Presidio R R 8. a
$3000 Spring Valley 6a Bonds 117 o0
Street —
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 5' 00
$4000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 107 »0
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
6 Spring Valley Water 100 50
20 Hutchinson- 8 P Co 48 12%
Afternoon Session.
30 Hutchinson S P Co 48 12%
20 do do 4S 37%
25 Sprint? Valley Water 100 25
15 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
20 Hawaiian C & S Co 19 12%
30 do do 19 25
MINING *STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 15 200 Savage 08
500 Choi lar l'l ! 300 Sierra Nevada.. 61
100 Gould & Curry.. 1< S<» 52
200 Hale & Norcrs. 7S j 100 Union Con 10
300 Ophlr 3S I
Afternoon Session.
800 Alpha 02 100 Ophir 37
100 Belcher 0^ ; 100 Savage 16
200 Best & Belcher. 26 350 Sierra Nevada.. 41 I
100 Challenge 0> LOO Union Con 10
100 Con Cal & Va.. 46 J
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 12| 200 Gould & Curry.. 19
200 11,300 Hale & Norcrs. 83
1200 Andes 071400 Mexican 19
2'jO Bullion 061300 Ophlr 37
250 061200 Sierra Nevada.. 51
300 Chollar 15 jIOOO Union Con 10
400 Crown Point ... 09 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 111200 Gould & Curry.. 19
200 Belcher us 200 Ophlr 37
3W Challenge Con.. 07 s<'O Overman 07
[2'OChollar i-j £00 Savage 10
150 Con Cal & Va.. 46 1in0 Sierra Nevada., tt
360 45 3tX) Union Con 10
| 300 Crown Point ... CS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 24—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask | Bid. Ask
Alpha — oajJulia — u2
Alfa 10 Injustice 08 10
Andes — O'.lKentuck ...?... — 01
Belcher 07 09 1 Lady Wash ... — 02
Best & Belcher S 26|Mexican 18 20
i Bullion 05 06'Oph'r 36 38
Caledonia 14 1", Overman 07 08
Chollar 16 IS I'otosl 13 20
! Challenge Con. 07 OrflSavage 10 11
Con Cal .- Va. 44 4.1' Peg Belcher ... — 06
Confidence — 3;i \ Scorpion — 02
ICon Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 50 51
; Crown Point .. 07 OS Hilver Hill 05 06
1 Oon New York. — 01 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —1 60
Exchequer — 03lUnion Con 10 11
' Gould & Curry. IS in Utah 04 05
Hale & Norcrs. 82 83! Yellow Jacket. 21 22
♦ ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COMPA.VF.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Halo & X orcroas.
Silver Hi 11........
Yellow Jacket....
Mexican
Seg. Belcher
Overman
Challenge
N. Gould & Curry
Keutuck
Union !
11?
■
Bl
5i
21
BO
25
X
a
M
..Apr y j ..May 31
..JUy 6 ..May H
..May t> ..June 17
..May 15 ..June 8
..May 1 ' ..June 13
..M.iv 19 June 13
..May 2o ..June 2l
..June s Juiip2u
..June :j ..June 3o
. .June 11| ..July i
10
Of-
20
15
05
[);
1U
10
Ho
15
BEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William F. Bayers (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to D. J. Buckley, lot on E line of
Broderick st, 177:6 N of Clay, N 22:6 by E 110;
$3105.
D. J. and Katerine T. Buckley to Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society, same: $2117.
Thomas P. Flynn tp Kate Flynn, lot on N
line of Hayes st, 112:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by N
137:6: gift.
Frank T. Ryan to Sarah Ryan, lot on E line
of Castro st, 75 S of Sixteenth st, S 25 by E
87:6; quit claim deed; $1.
Albert J. and Bertha E. Coons to Alta
Building and Loan Association, lot on Wline
of Hampshire st, 377 S of Twentieth st, S 25 by
W 100; $10.
Garrett and Mary A. Burke to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on W line
of York st, 130 N of Twenty-fifth st, N 27 by
W 100: $10.
E. D. and Theresa McSweeny to same, lot
on SE corner of Chestnut and Polk sts, E 68:9
by S 100; $10.
John S. and Sophia E. Morgan to J. S. Mor
gan & Sons (a corporation), lot on E line of
Capp st, 65 N of Twenty-sixth st, N 65 by E
11". ; grant. ''!" '•*
Jacob and Lina Herman to Margaret
Griffith, lot on S line of Alvarado street, 200
W of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W 25 by S IIS,
lot IS7 Hoyman Tract: 510.
Sampson Tarns to Justinian Caire Company
(a corporation), lot on SE line of Market
street, 190 NE of Second, NE 33:4 by SE 155;
$10. "
Thomas P. Flynn to Kate Flynn, lot on SW
line of Garden (Harriet) street, 175 NW of
Bryant. NW 25 by s\V 73: gift.
\V H. Mueller to Elise Mueller, lot on E lino
of Utah street. 37.". S of Yolo, E 100 by S 58;
gift.
Emily F. and Christopher B. Currier to Mary
Dillon lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue,
225 N of Clement street, N 2." by W 120; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to William F.
Gibson, lot on W line of Forty-first avenue,
200 S of O street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Norman Patterson to Christina Patterson, lot
on S line of Eighteenth avenue, 55 SE of N
street. BE 32, SW to N line of Bay View
avenue, W to point, NE to beginning, lots 23
and 24. Case Tract; $1.
Russel L. and Mary A. Gilbert to The Mc-
Carthy Company (a corporation), lots 37 and 40,
block 5, Sunnyside, ; $10.
Alameda County.
John W. and Hattie Nuby to G. F. Howard
and W. S. Macrae, lot 19. Revised Map J. Levl
Sr. Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Vincent and Mary Hourat to Bazille P. and
Adele A. Medua lot on W line of Cleveland
avenue. 50 S of Twelfth street. S 50 by W UO,
being lot 21, block L, Huntlngton Tract, Brook
lyn Townshl->: $.1.
Builders' Contracts.
Daniel Hurley (owner) with Douglaa & Co.
(contractors), architect, none, all work for a
one-story frame pottage with brick foundation,
on N line of Jersey street, 101:9 W of Sanchez
W 2r, by N 114: $1142.
Mrs. E. G. Baldwin (owner) with Moore '
& Cameron (contractors), architects, Tharp fc !
Holmes, excavating, grading, concrete and '
brick work, patent chimneys, carpenter and '
mill work, roofing, tinning and metal work,
plastering, rough hardware, glazing, mantels
and cases, speaking tubes, electric bells and
wiring and heating, for a two-story frame
dwelling with basement and atttic and con- i
crete foundations on NW corner of T'nion and
I'evlsadero streets, W 55 by N 137:6, W. A. 491- ':
$6373.
Julia A. Moraghan (guardian minor heirs of
estate of M. B. Moraghan) (owners) with Ed
ward F. Siebert (contractor) architect James E.
Wolfe, sewer work, water and gas pipes,
plumbing, etc., at present three one-story
l'rsimes to be chnne-ed into two-story frames
(six flats) on E line of Valencia street, 240 S
of Hermans, S fiO by S3; $1135.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 180 S.
9a. Mo
1 2
t '.<
IS 16
23* 28
VJ 30
Tu. j We I
5 4
10 11
v wj
2* 25]
31
5
12
U I
i"r.
U 14 !
2U j 21 i
I
Sa.
Moon 1 Ph.ino^.
©full Moo a.
May 5.
,«-Last wuario.*
U. May 12.
! a Now Moon.
W May -U
■ -li ICirftt yuar ocr
■ 3 M:iv -;
36
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco lor the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and :
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ali matters
Of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmebaJl on top of the bulldinir on Tele- j
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar»
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. U
published the same day by the afternoon paperi
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. X.. in Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and I
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to t-~^V
Francisco Bay. Published by official &V*
thorlty of the* Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places. ,
i£?j MAY— ISH.
Wednesday, May 25.
Sun rt««» - 4:50
Sun sets 7:23
Moon sets 11:15 p. m
2JT|me| Feet ITII Tlm ' I Feet i T1 ™ 1 Feet jTlmel pea
r H Wi 'L W H w! it, Wi
:b I:u4i
5K 1:50
27 2:51 i
28 4:12
L W
2« 0:11
'30 105
t.tl b:B2|
4.5 1 9:14
41| 9:57
3.8 1U:4.-!
H AV|
5.5 5:44 |
1.9 7:12!
n.l I 4:14'
0.31 4:47
0.7 1 5:21
111 5:56
It W
3.5 Hal
3 6 12: 0
4.41 8:44
51 !<:M
4.7 1 11:06
4.'
H Wl
1 i 6:31
1.9 ::ili
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sten (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
th« depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lowpr low wat»r\
MKAMKKS TO AHHUE.
Fteamer.
r !iiM)ll
Coiumota ]
san'i Ro^a ..
Mackinaw j
Senator
Morgan City...
Alliance ;
Ninprchow !
Empire ... |
Wa11a....
Coos Bay
San Mateo
State ot Cai
China
Chllkat-
Pomona
Cresivmt City..
San Bias
Arr.nta
Welllnrton |
Washtenaw..... ;
Norm For*. —
Orlzaoa
Willamette.
Titanla.
Ore«ron
Homer
Moana
Umacllla
I Portland .... .
, Portland
«an Dl«eo
Tacoma
IPuirst Sound
Alaska
; Portland
Comox...
' Coos Bay
Victoria & Pneet Sound . .
Newport
Comox
Portland ..:...
Chin* ana Japan
Eel Rlyor
San Dlepo
Crescent CUT
Panama
Coon IJ.-wv
| Departure Bay
Tacoma.
Humooui:
HumDoldt..
Seattle
Nanaimo
Portland
Newport -•
Sydney
Victoria * Puret Sna
May 33
May 23
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May -'8
May 2*
May 2T
May 27
May !T
May ■*
May ■>&
May 29
May 18
May 29
May 2t»
May 23
May 29
May 29
May 29
M iv 30
May 30
May 30
May : 0
May 31
May SI
Jne I
Jne 1
ITKAMIiHS TO SAIL.
fTSAMEH. ! DESTI*fATIO3f|
Sails.
I PtBS.
lomer Newport M.iv 25. ham
illamook. Alaska Mar 25. 4 pm
ltyPuebla Vie Ik Psrt Sna May 28. lv am
u'lton Oregon Ports. May 26. 9am
rizaba- .- HumoolU .... Miv 2ti. 10a.m|
olumbta.. Portland May 27. 10 am
ani.i Kosa Dieso .... May 27. 11 AM
olon I Panama ... May 23. 12 M
ioric Chlna&Japan:May 28. Ipm
■re« Dollar! Alaska .... May 2*
Hi. -Hire... ! Viipet Sound. May 28. » am
enator.... JP<ie-<>t Sound . May 2s, 10 am
doi uav.. Newport May 39, am
'llikat... Humboldt May SB. 2 p.m
tate of Cat Portland. May 30. lv am
'omona San Dteso — May SI. 11 a: fa
Valla Wlla | Vie A Pet Snd May 31. 10 am
.rcatn.. .. Coos &»t_... I May 31.10 am!
lorg-nnCy. St. Michael... I June 1 I
tresron .... fort lan i I June 2.10 am
lortn Pork Humboldt •.. |June 3. '.'AM
|P:e- U
Pier 8
] Pier j
Pier i
Pier 13
Pier U
PM S3
PM 9S
1
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier \S
Pier 11
Pier 11
! Pier a
Pier 1«
! Pier" ii
'Pier 2
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 3. N., Mer
chant."' Exchange, San Francisco. May
24, 1898. fl
The time ball on Telegraph HIU was dmpr"*'!
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of tna
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUIPPIJ.ti INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May N. ji
Stmr Oeonfe Loomls. Bridgett, 42 hours fr"r^
Ventura.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnson, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Haw stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, 7 days 6 hours
32 mln from Honolulu.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 19 hours from Eu-
Striir Cleone. Wrlvlk, 17 hours from Albion.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Klausen, 4V» days
from Nanaimo.
Br stmr Nlngchow, Cross, 3 days 11 hours
from Coraox.
Srhr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 7 days from
I Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, 3\.'a/ !4.
Ptmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall,
I Austrian stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanaimo;
; John Rosenf eld's Sons.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
! Dunsmuir Sons & Co.
Ger bark H Hackfeld, Barber, Queenstown;
i G W McXear.
BAILED.
Tueslay, May 24.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, Astoria.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent Cltr.
Austrian stmr Burma. Mikulicich, Nanaimo.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Ship Tacoma. Davis, Blalne.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, St Michael.
Schr La Chilena, MatS'in, Fort Ross.
Sohr Newark. Beck, itowens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Martha Tuft, Johnson, La Paz.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Abble, Hansen, Caspar.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Port Towhh
end.
Schr Orient, Sanders, Seattle.
- Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, Coquille River.
Schr Ottlllle Fjord. Segethorst. Eureka.
Schr Sequoia, Thwing. Fort Bragg.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 24—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity. 10 miles per hour.
CHARTERS.
The Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Andaman loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 37b 6d; Bogstadt, lumber at Portland
for Vladivostok. 50s.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, May 17— Stmr Pennsylvania, from
Phladelphia for San Francisco put Into Mon
tevideo with machinery slightly disabled.
POM EBT I C PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May 24— Stmr Pasadena
for Eureka. _
NEWPORT— Arrived May 24— Stmr Coqulll*
River, hence May 22. __
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 24— Br ship
Lvderhom, for Callao.
SKATTI.F. — Arrived May 24— Schr Concord,
from Portsmouth. _ , .
El X XX.A- Sailed May 24-Schr Halcyon, for
Newport; schr Bertha Dolbeer. for Newport
TATOOSH— Passed May 24— Stmrjt illamette
hence May 21. for Seattle; stmr "« as.itonaw.
hence May 21 for Taeoma.
ASTORI A-Sailed May 24-Stmr Alliance for
Sa NE\VI'U°KT-Sailed May 24-Schr Maweema,
f °Ccfos HAY-Arrived May 24-Stmr Empire.
May 24-Haw Rchr Hono
lulu', bence May 8; bktn Mary "Wlnkelman,
bt 'F?TOraH-FUMd May 23-Stmr rmatilla.
hence M-i'v Stt. fl>r Victoria and Puget Sound
"rts tog Wlaartf, from Puget Sound, for
Pl i'. t ssy a i n M S ay' 24-Haw stmr San Mateo, from
rvinnYx fur Baa Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed May 23— Stmr Alca
traz. for Port Los Angeles.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK-Salled May 23— Ship A G Ropes
for San Francisco.
FO EIGN PORTS
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 23— Br stm Brae
"oRBENOCK— Arrtwd May 23— Br ship Es-
L.c.n t'rom Havre.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 16— Br ship
\rinios-' for San Francisco.
HULL Sailed May 23— Ital ship Macdiarmid,
'°f.WI>ON— Sailed May 24— Ship Louis Pasteur,
'"■'YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 22— Br stmr Victo
ria for Taeoma.
SYDNEY— SoiIed May 23— Br stmr Mlowera,
f °HAVRK-Sailed May 22-Hr ship Balclutha,
fur Cardiff; Br Bhlp Foylesdale, for Cardiff; Br
ship Lord Roaebery, for Cardiff.
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Arriv,a May 2"-Br
sh;p Thornliebank to I> 'art for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 19— Bktn Amelia
from Seattle; schr Anni. 1 M Campbell, frnrn
Port Townsend. May 11— Br stmr Aorangi, fm
Bydney; Haw :-tmr Zeaiandia, hence May i.
May 12— Hktn Planter, hence April 2S. May 13—
Ger bark J C Glad*, from Liverpool; Br stmr
Warrimoo, from Victoria. May 16— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence May 10. May 17— Bktn Irmga'rd.
h-r.re May 4.
Sailed May 10— Br stmr Doric, for Yokohama.
May 11— Haw bark Andrew Welch, for Vic
toria. May 14— Br stmr Warrimoo, for Sydney;
bark C D Bryant, for San Francisco; bktn Ar
cher, for San Franelsc V
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. |
ANTWERP — Arrived May 24— Stmr Nooiu
land, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 24— Stmr Cevic, for
Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 24— Stmr Rotter-
I dam, from New York.TO SERVE IN
THE BOOTHS
Officers Named for the
Charter Election.
GO ON DUTY TO-MORROW
HAVE ALMOST ALL BEEN AL-
READY SWORN IN.
Judges and Clerks in the Seventeen
Districts Who Will Conduct the
Public Balloting Through
out the City.
The election officers who will sorve for
the charter election have been appointed
and sworn In, with perhaps eight or nine
exceptions, which will be passt-d upon to
day. The officers are as follows:
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— E. W. Haughy, 327 First. R.,
clerk; Jam«s A. Johnaon. 61S Harrison. D..
Judge; C. D. Rogers. 5>69 Market, P.. clerk;
Peter Van Pelt, 3-'O Fremont, N. P.. judge.
Precinct B— J. Murdock, 74 Xatuma, R..
judge; John Riordan, 5.0H Howard, D.. clerk;
John O'Connor. 130 Second, P., judge; John
Mandersor:, 183V4 Second, N. P.. clerk.
Precinct 3— E. S. Baney, 823 Mission. R.,
clerk; Patrick Moriarity, 42 Ecker, P., clerk;
Sylvester Gardner, 649 Mission. M. P.. judge.
Precinct 4— H. Sheen, 142% Xatotna, R.,
judge; Lawrence Oonlaa, 24 Sherwood place,
T>.. Judge; James Buchanan, 43 Tehaxna. P..
clerk; J. J. McCormiek, li 3 Tehama, X. P..
clerk.
Precinct s— Richard Stevenson, 12 Perry, D..
clerk: Fred Peterson, 250 East. R.. Judge:
Thomas H. Vivian. 12 Essex, P., Judge; Robeit
J. Avery. 4S Silver, X. P., clerk.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— John Connelly, £01 Mission. R..
clerk; Thomas H. Porter. 822 Mission. P..
clerk; Fred W. Stormer, 310 Jessie, D., Judge;
C. Sheper. 724 Mission. N. P., Judge.
Precinct Charles Heppler. 718 Howard, R-,
ludpe; Otto Guy, JOS Natoma, D.. judge; Asa
H. King:. 150 Fourth. P., clerk; A. J. Moon,
is: Minna, N. P., clerk.
Precinct 3— Charles Stockwitz. 230^ Fourth.
R. clerk; Thomas A. Lawler, 758 Harrison, P..
clerk; Joseph Plunkctt, 31S Clementina, D.,
Judge; Thomas Conlan, 169 Minna, N. P..
Judge.
Precinct William D. Canty, 61 Shipley, R..
Judge; Walter A. Rawlings, 115 Perry. P.,
Judge; W. .]. Greer, S6O Mission, D.. clerk;
William Hunt. 165 Silver. N. P.. clerk.
Precinct rr — Lawreix ■ Carey. 177 Shipley, R.,
Judge: Robert Walpole. 4."S Fourth. P., judge;
John C. Murphy. 542 Harrison. D., clerk; Louis
Llebrick, "12 Fcurth, N. P., clerk.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
net I— Samuel Solomon, 543 Jessie, R.,
c!»rk, John M. Porter. *42V4 Jessie, P., .i^rk:
- K. L>nch. Manchester House, Pixth and
Jllssion. D . judge; A. W. McPherson, 54 Sixth,
Ji. P..
Precinct 2— Emil Heid»nrich, 146 Fifth, R.,
lud^e; L. J. Hurley. 437 Natoma. D., judge;
K»nri C. Trachez. 4:2 Natoma, N. P., clerk;
Charles Johnson, BW. corner of Larkin and
Fulton. P..
Precinct 3-Jnm?s Whearty, lAT31 A T3 Howard. R.,
c>rk: D. T. Su'iiivan, £96 Harrison, P., clerk;
Henry Bailey. 101 George
Bmith. "9 Madison avenue, N. P., judge.
Precinct 4— Harry Ja ! Foisora, R.,
Judge: Charles G. Nagle, 414% Tehama, P.,
Judge; H. Z. Jones, m Shipley, N. P., clerk.
Precinct s— Paul Bollier, 236 A Harriet. R..
Judge: F. Clark, ."• Mnrri.s P., judge; Joseph
McNamara, 221 Harriet, D., clerk; E. D.
"Whelan. N. P.. clerk.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
Precinct I— Thomas M- Walsh. 642 Stevenson,
B . cl»rk: William Sands, 644 Jessie. P.. clerk;
£. Preston, 12"4 Mission, D., judge; Timothy
Sullivan, 20'- La side, N. P., judge.
net I— Thomas McGlynn, 1216 Howard, R.,
Judge; George D. Gillespie. 113 Ninth. P.,
Judge: C< n Rodden, 71j Natoma. D., clerk; W.
J. Barn"tt, 126 Ellis. N. P., clerk.
rr^cinct 3— Grant C. Coe, 14M Folsom, R.,
Clerk: Idine. 6H9 Harriet. P.. clerk;
p J- Sullivan. 24 Washington avenue. P.,
Judge; Henry G. Klung. 229 Eleventh, N. P.,
j
Precinct 4— Hugh .Tudp». 2'>S Seventh. R.,
clerk; William <"raip, 25 Ninth, clerk: F. A.
2-T. Eighth, | ;]_-.'. J. F. Cornich, 680
Clementina, N. P. jud^e.
Pre inct s— Frank Enos, 10% Eighth. R..
Judge: A. H. Bolian. lIH Chealey, P., judge;
Horace J. Jackson, 1326 Harrison. D., clerk;
Louis Schneider. 317 1 j Tenth, N. P., clerk.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Precinct I— O. H. Lewis, 601 Third, R.. clerk;
J. K. Phillips, \2u Howard, P., clerk;
Hoar, Sl7 Bryant, D., judge; Clitua Barbour,
114 McAllister. N. P.. judge.
Precinct 2— Edward A. Lyons, 563 Bryant,
R., judge: Joseph Korbell, 733 Bryant. N. P.,
Judge; Michael Coughlin, 518 Third. D.. clerk.
Precinct 3— John A. Cullln, R.. clerk: :
>I. Toner, 312 I"tah. N". P., clerk; Edward
A.ken. Eighteenth and Kentucky, D., judge:
Bernard J. Juchter, 2100 Seventeenth, P., iudge.
Inct 4— Eugene J. King. 117 Gilbert, R..
Judge; Michael Greaney, 527 Brannan, N. P.,
Judge: Jeremiah OLeary. 12 Geneva, D., clerk;
George Manser, 2- Borden place, P., clerk.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
Precinct I— D. L. Wither-by. 2613 Folsom, R,,
clerk; A. G. Fitzpatrick, 3027 Twenty-second,
£> Judge; John Stach, 703 Shot well. N. P..
Judge.
Precinct 2 — Thomas Kendrick, 2610 Bryant,
R., Judge; James P. Dwyer. 31<>4 Twpnty-fo'urth
>.'. P., Judge: John A. Holland, 2ii: Twenty
third, D.. clerk; Charles H. Murry, 120 Hayes,
¥.. clerk.
Precinct 3— Harry Ricks. Twnty-third and
Kansas, R. Judge ; Martin Cleary. 271f» How
ard, D., iudge; Alexander Tiilie, 838 Potrero
avenue. P., clerk; Daniel Riordan, 2871
Twenty-fourth, D., clerk.
Precinct 4— Fred W. Kos;chri<k, Texas and
Tolo, R.. clerk; John P. Lyr.r-h, Utah and
Twenty-flfth, N. P., clerk; B. Hargadon
Illinois, D., Judge; John Carter, 703 iowa P
Judge.
Precinct s— Robert D. Turner. Twelfth ave
nue south, between N and P, R.. Judge; A
Vaenberg. 236 Butter, N. P.. judse; J J Re
ran, Sixth avenue and Railroad avenue peuth
I)., clerk; C. H. Perk. 16 Camp, P., clerk
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— George Crowley, 116 West Mission
D., Judge; B. P. Wilbur. 132 Steiner, Judge :
K. L. Ryfkogei, 154fi Howard. P., clerk; H J
.Alexander, 1620 Mission. R., clerk.
Precinct 2— Fred Franks, 142 Twelfth R
Judge; James Sohran, 6 Fourteenth, X. p.j
Judge; Dan C. O'Rourke, 26 West Mission
clerk; H. W. Fletcher. 1663 V. Mission, P. clerk
Precinct 3— E. W. Eustice, R., Judge; J. X
O'Brien. 242 Shotwell, D., Judge; Herbert
Brough, l*3"i Mission, P.. clerk: George W
Dowlin*. IS2O Howard, N. P., clerk.
Precinct i— A. W. Richardson, 1559 Fifteenth,
H., Judge; P. Whalen, 53 Hoff avenue I> '
Judge; B. W. Hanbrick, lf>oo Mission X. P
clerk; Harry Xierhan, 1633 Fulton, P., clerk.
Precinct s— Abram Repert. 28 Lapidge, R.,
clerk; Edward M. Mulerien. 3672 Twentieth
K. P., clerk; Daniel Curry, 3:374 Sixteenth, d'
Judge; John T. Farrell, 442 Valencia, P.. Judge.
Precinct 6— Henry *'. Hastings, 37814 Shotwell,
D., clerk: Ed O'Connor, 2303 Howard. <lerk;
Edward T. Darbey. 3435 Eighteenth, P.. Judge-
Frank Ashton, 2427 Mie^nn, X. P.. Judge.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— J. A. Love, 3033 Twenty-second,
R... clerk; D. S. McNamara, 3610 Twemv-fourth
P., clerk; Charles Downes, 13 Elizabeth. D.,
Judge; James J. McDonald, Twenty-fourth and
Mission. X. P., Judge.
Precinct 2— D. I. Xc-wkirk, 2725 Mission, R.,
Judge; F. H. Gardiner, 32 Bartlett, N. P.,
Judge; Xich Wynne, 2SIB Mission, D., clerk;
John Dooley, 221S Twenty-second, P., clerk.
Pre<~lnrt 3 -Joseph McTlgue, 30D8 Mission, R.,
clerk; Jarrves i/ionahue. 2X Alvarado, X. P.,
clerk; Michael Kiernan. fiS B<rnal aye., D.,
Judge; John H. E?an. An Fell, P., Judge.
Pre-lnct 4-E. H. Herrlck, 312 Prospect ave
nue. R.. judge; H. W. Taylor. 410 Goettingen,
W. P.. judge; Thomas McCann, C 2 Porter, D.,
clerk; WllMam A. Newsora, 107 Elsie. P., clerk.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
Precinct l-William Wripht, 2218 Fifteenth.
8., clerk; W. J. Cuthbertsen Jr.. 226.i Market,
P., clerk: James Tinney, 123<4 Henry. l>..
Judge; J. G. Mysell, 104 Park Hill avenue, N.
P.. Judge.
Precinct 2-J. R. j, r °t\-, 4076 Seventeenth, R..
Judge; Fenroi! Courtney, Eighteenth and Hait
ford. D^ Judge. r>,, rSf . ,\. dough, 518 Noe, P.,
clerk; George W. Chapln, ;,3S Sanchez N. P.,
clerk.
Precinct Z—C E. O*good, Hoffman avenue
end Twenty-third, F... clerk: Charles H. Ilar
ger, 163 Corbett avenue p clerk- Thomas
Walsh. 4301 Twenty-fourth, D. Jud'ee Louis
Bowlee. 9 Mars. N. P., judge Juaße - ijOUla
Precinct 4 — John L. Reed. 5 Alemanv n
Judge: John I, Thompson. 1124* Church, fc
Jud^e; R. J. Leary. 3, 0S Twentieth D clerk-
R. H. Woods, 214 Dorland. N. P , ""lerk"
Precinct 5— L. Beauchamp. 452 i^llnoer n
c>rk; J. 11. BerkenkofT. 1612 Sanrhez P c ier k-
Wiliiam Franks, Twenty-nfth and Ca«tro D '
Judge; Albert S. J. de Guerre. Til Hartford n'
P., Judge.
Precinct 6— John P. Smith. 431 Twentv
■eventh, R., Judge: Georpe \v. Kennar.l 37
Twenty-eighth, P., Judge; Henry McGrath' 210
CASTORIA
For Infants and CMldren.
Tbi f»o- /J „
ilnilo /Hsf S/<tf/7 , X"* Isw
Day. P., clerk; James A. Hughes, 311 Duncan,
N. P., clerk.
Fre'-inrt 7— M. F. Taylor. 22fi Sadnwa. R..
judge; Gsorge K. Moore. 216 Lobos, P., judge;
James Reynolds, VJ Harper, P., clerk; John
E. Crowley. 3 Palmer, N. P., clerk.
THIRTY-SKVKXTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— J. T. Bonlfleld, 17 Linden avenue.
R., clerk; James Haggett. f.20 Octavia. P.,
clerk; David Cooper, 2JOV4 Linden - i'enu*, D..
judge; H. B. Burlingame, 109 Grove, N. P.,
Judge.
Precinct 2— Joseph P. O'Farrcll. 2 Central
court, It., judge; Thomas Murphy, 11 Pearl,
D., judge; James O'Reilly, 16 Page, P., clerk;
Alexander "Watt, 258 Halght, N. P., clerk.
Precinct 3— James Toomey, 62S Linden ave
nue It. clerk: J. Silvey, 418 Fell, j'., Judge;
J M Clark, 607 Buchanan, N. P., judge; Ber
nard Connelly. 617 A Linden avenue, P., clerk.
Precinct William (burn. 510 Hermann, R.,
Judge; John H. Btrel, 208 Fillmore. P., Judge;
A JCoyle. 212 Waller. D., dene; F. C. Mack.
4: prTcincTo-krrnund r L. Cook, 1412 Hayes R
rc£at E ife tt D % .fec RkCl^R k Cl^
Abbott. 1022 Thirteenth. N. p - n JI"*-_ to _ «
Precinct 7— W. F. Thomas. •"■• Clayton, R..
judse: Fred Bemjott. 632 Grove. V. judge;
Charles Quigiey. First avenue and H. D
clerk; W G. Zeigler. ICSI Pag*. N. P.. clerk.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Precinct 1-Charles /-. Sou!-. 1330 Kills. R.
clerk; Isaac Levy. 4KH4 Hayes. P.. clerk; Jo-
Beph A. Lynch, 1100 Cough. D.. !****• *•
Strauss. 701 Golden Gate avenue -N. 1 „..
avenu^!. 'deSc:
G p£cin"ot 3-Joh r n k 3. Conlon. 100S^ Buchanan,
R rlerk- J. L Murphy, BSO% Fulton, clerk;
W: MccJrmick. 1028 McAllister, D judge;
Fred Junker. 1006 McAllister. N. P- R.
Precinct 4-J. C. Nolan. 1540 Eddy^^
Plathl nortlnvest comer Ellis and Steiner, N.
P Prec!nc't 5-Jamea C. Collins. 1629 Eddy, R..
Jud7e;' n AaroVwLer, 1217 Golden Gate avenue.
J p^udge'Xaron Rosenberg. 927 FlUmore D.,
clerk \V P Stout. 1060 Fulton. N. P.. clerk.
Cl Pr^lnct T-G^orge L. Sharp. 17» < Be » den Oat.
.....„„ h clerk- John N. Fitzgerald, IMS
Pierce P clerk;' Louis Bchord. I*l4 Golden
"avenue D.. judge; G. S. Matthew., 2111
Golden Gate. N. P., judge.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— L. D. Sloss, 1346 Market, R.,
clerk Frank J. Juchter. 1346 Market P clerk;
John M. Moran, 113 Grove. D., Ju&git. F. T.
Hull St. Nicholas Hotel. N. P.. Judge.
Precinct 2— W H. Koblnson, R.. Judge; _ M. N.
Benjamin, 211% Jones. D.. judge; Mo' Keefe
P clerk: P. W. Darcy. 330 Golden Gate
avenue. N. P.. clerk. .
Precinct "W. W. Bausman, SE. corner of
Ellis and Hyde. P clerk; Warren P. Lewis.
ml O-Farrell, N. P.. clerk; Edward^Cahalln,
E23 Jones. D.. Judge; < narles Wilson. P.. judge.
Precinct 4— Walter A. Coftey. 704 Larkin, R..
luufce; Jacob Neuatadter, 927% Post, >■. P.,
judge C. A. Gavtran, 1419 California, D., clerk;
F. S. Oaks, 627 Larkin. P., clerk.
Precinct 5— H. S. Burke. 621 Eddy, R.. Judge;
Wallace R. Reay. 915 O'Farrell, P., judge;
Jacob Harris, 422 Golden Gate avenue, D..
clerk; W. W. Bralare. 425 Golden Gate avenue,
" Precinci V- Charles McCreary, 1209^'- Polk, N.
P clerk- J. W. Reay Jr.. Ma U Farrell. P.,
judge: J. A. Hyland. 337 Golden Gate avenue.
R., clerk.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— J. A. McDonald, 1623 Pine, R..
clerk; George H. Bradahaw, ZlO7 California,
N. P., clerk; M. J. Trunk, 1813 Laguna, I>.,
judge; Robert D. Colquhuuu, 16Z'J Gough. N. P.,
Precinct 2— Francis Poley, 1245 Hayes, N. P..
judge; E. A. Street, 2521 Bush. P., clerk; M.
baum, 2213 California, D., clerk.
net B— A. S Alexander, 1609% Geary, R..
judge; David Wolf, IS2B O'Farrell. D.. Judge.
Samuel Irving. V.'2S Sutler. N. P.. clerk; A.
J. Street, 2521 Bush, clerk.
Precinct 4— Joe Peokerman, 1307 Devlsadero,
R. clerk; Isaac M. Merrill. 2509 Pine. N. P.,
clerk; James E. White, 2SIS Bush, D., Judge;
H. E. Ring.j. 3023 California, P., judge.
Inct G — John J. Beran, 23u7 Post, R.,
clork; Joseph M. Pase. 16 Ellis. P., judge;
James Bowlan, Gear>' and Central avenue, D.,
judge; C. H. Hollings. 1123 Geary, N. P.. clerk.
Precinct s— Charles Caasldy. Twentieth ave
nue and Point L.'l>..p, R., judge; Charles H.
Lar.e, 315 Twenty-second avenue. P., Judge; J.
McMahon, Twenty-second avenue and Point
Lobos. D-, clerk; J. T. Terry, 426 Eleventh
avenue, N. P.. clerk.
FORTT-FIRST DISTRICT.
Precinct I— George J. Carter, 5 Russell, R.,
clerk; Richard O'Hea, 1744 Hyde, P., clerk;
Thomas R. Maguire, 9 Havens, D.. Judge; C.
. 1426 Filbert. N. P., judge.
Precinct 2— P. P. Hem, 1928 Larkin, R., Judge;
F. G. Shallenberge., 5 Ton-ens conrt. P.. judge;
Frank Tiilinan, 1915 Larkin. D., judge; Herbert
Smith, 1719 Larkin. N. P., clerk.
-.(. S. i'iil-.-. 1612 Sacramento. R.,
William Gorivan, 1823 Clay. D.. judge:
James T. Brady, 161!* Larkin, N. P., clerk; John
( isbr.rn*. i'3lo Jackson, clfrk.
!■:• irct 4— lrving Graham, 1716 VaJleJo, R.,
rlerk: J. E. O'Brien, 210 Capp, N. P.. clerk;
William Wright. 310S Buchanan, D., Judge; H.
S. Byer.«. IS3S Union. 1., judge.
Precinct 5— H. Wilkinson, 3537 Fillmore, R.,
judge; Elliot B. Davis, 2505 Fillmore, N. P.,
W. H. Dcran, 2i<lß Washington, D..
clerk; Colman Kelly, 212 Ivy avenue, P.,
clerk.
Precinct 6— P ECenzeU, southeast corner Maple
and Washington, P. , clerk; W. J. Kelly. 3317
Clay. N. P., Clerk; John J. Murphy. 261S Sacra
mento. D., judge: William T. ISarttruin, 126
Twelf'h avenue. P., judge.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Precinct I— Robert E. Low, 120 Jones, R.,
clerk; E. J. Mott, 314 Eddy, N. P., clerk; Harry
Hamilton, 26 Turk, 1)., Judge; J. Emmett
Smith. 316 Jones. P., Judge.
Precinct 2— A. T. McCreary, 511 Mason. R.,
Judge; John J. McGowan, 9 William. D.. judge:
Walter H. Goff, 428 OFarrell, P., clerk; David
: Hunter, 44 Beaver, N. P., clerk.
Precinct 3 — Charles Tillson, Leavenworth and
'acramento, R., clerk: James McCarthy, 100S
! Uush, D., Judge: T. P. Murphy, 1611 Pine, N.
P., judge; E. Moran, 1220 Leavenworth, P.,
clerk.
Precinct 4— William M'-Lain. 1104 Taylor, R.,
judge: H. T. Westpha!, 910 Pine, X. P., judg°;
John Kelly, 1124 Sacramento, D., clerk; Thomas
Keenan, 1210 Clay. P., clerk.
Precinct 5— L. H. Capper, 1131 Broadway, P..
judge: Alex O'Brien, 1131 Broadway, D., clerk;
Joseph F. Murry. 1502 Leavenworth, R., Judge;
James Tormey, 1425 Sacramento, N. P., clerk.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
Precinct I— Thomas Kelly, 312 Mason. R.,
clerk: Charles W. Doyle, 223 Post. P.. clerk:
Frank CassJdy, 1326 Xafma. !>.. Judge; E. J.
Foster, 1»; Kllis. X. P., judge.
Precinct 2— Herman Jahn. 503 Powell, R..
in, If.-; Henry Toomey, 600 Bush, X. P.. judge;
David V:m Glahn, Sarrameiuo and Stockton.
P.. clerk; Henry M. Saunders. 734 Pine, P.,
clerk.
Precinct 3 — David Keating. 16 Stockton place.
R.. clerk; L. H. Carver, California Hotel. X.
; P., clerk; George Blair. 2 Chatham place. D.,
judge; H. H. Kllis. 609 Pine. P., judge.
Precinct 4— P. Devaney, 26 John St., R.,
judge; J. A. Cunningham. 10M Mason, X. P.,
judge: F. A. Cavagnaro. 1212 Mason, D., clerk;
John G. Shannon, 33 John St., P., clerk.
F< iRTY-FOTJRTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— Joseph Merini, 1605 Dupont. R..
clerlt ; John Widenson. S Clay, P., clerk; James
de Martini, n;:, Union, D., Judge; G. Baciga
lupl, 024 Filbert, X. P., judge.
Precinct 2— A. Coleman, 918 Broadway. R.,
judge; Gregor Smith, LOIS Union, P., judge;
Joseph Sullivan, 809% Union, I)., clerk; W. J.
Quinn. | :• Lea-Tenworth, X. P., clerk.
Precinct 3— T. J. Goff, 1918 Taylor, R., clerk;
George Seekamp, 711 Filbert. P., clerk; Thomas
Riley, iH Filbert, D., Jmige; Edward D. Reilly,
814 TObert, N. P., Judge.
Precinct 4— Albert Rlctater, 2007 Powell. R.,
judge; Peter McOowan, 2017 Dapont, D., Judge;
James Rocaiter, 204 Francisco, X. P., clerk;
Frank P. Hartney, Sl6 Sansome, P., clerk.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Precinct 1— lymis Kirsohlraum, 631 Sacrfi
! mento, It., cleric: A. H. Truman, 127 Mont
gomery, 1.. clerk; W. O. Scott, 410 Kearny,
X. P.. judge.
Preelnci t— Jam<»s Y\'.-):=h, r>os Battery, R..
jurtgre; H. H. Russell. 6 Spring, N. P., judge;
: John B. Welter, 628 Montgomery, D., clerk;
. Thomas O'Neall. R Clay, P., clerk.
Precinct 3— Harry I>. Davis, 29 Broadway,
R.. rlerk; B. C Palmer, Commercial Hotel,
N. P., clerk; Michael Egar.. 715 Davis, D-,
Judge; E. T. Tarbox, HO Washington, P.,
ju'lpre.
Precinct 4— , T. F. Swift, 111! Broadway, N. P.,
Judge; Kupc-ne Valente, 216 Broadway, R.,
judffe; E. F. Sutton. 1001 Battery, P., clerk.
The precincts named are those which
were laid out for thr> eh etloo for free
holders, and are formed by the consoli
dation for tho purposes of these special
elections, of two, ihrep or four of the reg
ular election precincts.
The polls mil open at 4:51 a. m. on
election day, and will cose at 5 p. m.
OBJECTIONS TERSELY PUT.
Officers May Lsvy Blackmail
Under the Autocratic
Powers.
From a democratic standpoint I
urge the following additional reasons
for opposing the proposed new
charter;
Because the Mayor is not removable
by the people.
Because the Charter is throughout
its entire scope and essence undemo
cratic.
Because the Board of Supervisors
Is clothed with authority to grant
special privileges, to which all demo
crats are eternally opposed. (Art. 11,
Chap. 2, Sec. 6).
Because no money can be drawn
from the urgency-necessity fund with
out tho sanction of fifteen of the
eighteen Supervisors, and thru sub
ject to the veto of the Mayor. (Sec.
8, p. 22).
Because bonded indebtedness Is to be
by bond i.=sue in large denominations at
high Interest and on long time (Sec.
14, p. 24), Instead of a popular loan i
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 31 AY 25, 1898.
of notes at low interest, short time
and in small denominations, which
would facilitate exchanges.
Because the Mayor is Lord High
Dictator of the representatives of
the people. He may demand them to
convene to suit his interest,- dictate
what subjects they may act upon,
limit them to such subjects, and fail
ing to command a majority as he
wishes lie may veto their actions,
(riec. 5, p. 34.)
Because the Tax Collector and his
deputies may, by virtue of their
powers as police officers, levy black
mail upon the petty law-breakers, out
cast women and the unfortunate poor
or ignorant who have no means of
redress. (Sec. 4, p. 40.)
Because the Board of Public Works
appointed by the Mayor, controlling
ttie means of living of clerks, en
gineers, deputies, other officials and
workingrnen to an unknown number,
are governed by no rule in the matter
of wages, except the provision that
no wages paid workingmen shall be
greater than commonly paid for simi
lar employment. (Sec. 3, Chap. 1, Art.
VI, p. 5&)
Because any work assessed against
corporate property cannot be prose
cuted unless the Board of Public
Works recommend the same and four
teen Supervisors vote for the same;
and even then the Mayor may prevent
the work by veto. (Chap. 2, Sec. 2,
p. 61.)
Because the Board of Education may
lease school property for terms of
twenty years, instead of erecting and
renting buildings that would increase
the school fund, beautify the city and
accommodate the poorer renting
classes with cheaper and healthier
homes. (Sub. 2, p. iH.)
Because the Superintendent of
Schools may decide what book or
teaching shall be considered religious
or sectarian and exclude it from the
schools, and also decide what others
shall be taught in the school. (Sec
tion 4, page i) 4.)
Because the Board of Library Trus
tees are to have power to appoint their
own successors in office forever, thus
being entirely independent of the peo
ple with power to exercise censorship
over the reading of the people. (Ar
ticle VII, section 1, page 89.)
Because the police pension fund, an
otherwise laudable provision, is to be
maintained largely from immoral and
reprehensible sources, such as licenses
on grog shops, prostitute women, un
claimed property, concealed weapons,
pawn shops, gambling houses, receiv
ers of stolen goods, second-hand and
junk shops, and $2 50 a day for each
police officer detailed to protect tho
property or" corporations, or lor sup
pressing peaceable strikes. (Section
11, page llo.)
Because that private company known
as the Underwriters' Fire Patrol of
San Francisco is to nominate tho Fire
Marshal and assistants, and fill all
vacancies in said orttces; and these
Marshals are authorized to detail po
licemen and deputies to protect prop
erty, enforce the laws relating to ex
ploslves and combustives, and the sale
and disposal of the same, and the in
ation for the cause of all fires,
whether criminal or not, and to arrest
suspected persons. (Chapter 5, page
115.)
Because the widow of a pensioner
is prohibited from marrying or from
returning to her home or going else
where outside of the State, and in case
she does so, forfeits all rights to said
pension. (Section 6, page 117.)
Because neither in case of war, fam
ine, pestilence, or other cause of ex
cessive cost of living, can any salary
once fixed be increased, in proportion
to decreased purchasing power of the
salary received. (Section 4, page 123.)
Because out of over 3000 officials and
employes that may be appointed or
elected, only twenty-six will be left to
the sovereign choice of the people,
after the County Clerk, Recorder, Tax
Collector, Coroner and four Justices of
the Peace are made appointive by leg
islation, to the procurance of which
the Charter Committee are now
pledged. (Section 1, chapter 2, page
123.)
"Because the acquisition of public
utilities, if possible at all, under the
scheme of this charter, would only in
patronage, but would not fur
nish cheaper tares to suburban dis
tricts, because the 15 per cent and dol
lar limit will prevent the acquisition
of the street car lines. (Article ILll,
section 1, page 124.>
Because, instead of giving to the
people the power of an alternative
proposition, it is given to the Mayor in
the interest of the property class, and
his alternative may be the worst of
the two propositions. (Section 3, page
12S >
Because if bonds issue, the Supervi
sors are to decide in what kind of law
ful money they shall be payable,
which, as any one can see, must result
Jn their being made payable in gold
coin, thus fastening the i<uid standard
on the people of San Francisco, which
has not been accomplished elsewhere
in the United States; said bonds to be
exe-mpt from taxation in the hands of
money-lenders. (Article XII, section 11,
page 127.)
Because of class legislation against
the laboring classes, by allowing one
clans the chance of promotion and life
long service with a pension, and the
other only a common wage at ruling
prices without pension and without
hope of promotion. (Section 9, page
130. )
Because the Park Commissioners,
who are to be appointed by the Mayor,
may enact laws for their own govern
ment, let contracts at their own pleas
ure, hire workmen at their own fig
ures. (Section 3, Article XIV, page
143.)
Because all forfeited privileges
and franchises will be reinstat
ed and the time extended six
months after the date at which the
charter takes effect — the date being
unknown and unprovided for, no pro
vision being made in the charter for it.
(Section 40, page 143.)
Because the Spring Valley Water
Company, in collusion with the May
or, need control only a solid four in
stead of a solid eight, as at present,
in order to block any legislation fixing
wfcter rates.
We want in the charter:
Provision for procuring the street
car lines, and failing to get them we
want competition that will reduce the
rates of fa»e.
Economic city government; but the
Increase of expenditures over a mil
lion dollars we insist is not the way to
secure It. .
Municipal bonds payable in lawful
money of the United States, or at most
in United States coin, without discrim
ination, in the interest of bankers,
money-lenders and syndicates, be
tween gold and silver.
Thf; right to appoint and ren?.">v« our
public servants — including the Mayor —
and the final voice in legisl Avion
wherever the public weal demanda it.
The right to acquire puolic utilities
by condemnation, and apprjyriaii.m sit
actual value, instead of by purchase or
original construction, the only meth
ods provided in the proposed charter.
Loth being impracticable.
A reasonable civil service, but not a
civil service that is unconstitutional
and only designed to provide sinecures
for one class to the exclusion of oth
ers.
Home rule, but not the Mayor and
his appointees to be the only men at
home.
The decision of the majority of the
people to be final, and not to have the
same subject submitted to them again
and again as if they were a lot of chil
dren.
The same proposition presented by
petition to the Supervisors to be sub
mitted to the electors, without the Su
ADVERTISEMENTS. .'/; .'_■.■__.'_■_
First Class Cp^pQ^ To Pawson.
, ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
LAST CHANCE To Engafee Passage on Steamer for First Trip
i*t-%<y i vtirtiiwi-L u p t | lc Rj ver . #t t
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED .
SBcPiR- MAY 31, 1898, for DA WSON CITY,
■ CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH OUR FLEET
OF v RIVER ; STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON POINTS.
THE WORLD-FAMOUS 6 * r? \f f^ JET W dTAP" SAILS JUNE 3
OCEAN STEAMER C A V^l3 Ls^l Uf\ . ' For Above Points
P'ppp 250 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR RIVER STEAMERS ARE
rnLL NO LIMIT TO iiXCESS. THE FINEST ON THE YUKON.
THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT- RATES CAN BE OBTAINED. •,
GENERAL OFFICE 3 STEUABT ST., SAJV FRANCISCO.
- ■ ' ■ "■ ■ ■ ■ > - ' : ' ■ - . ■ ' . ■ ' •' ■' ' ' ■ "J. V".:--....',...-'- ~ '
pervisors having the power to change
its wording.
JOHN F. WETZEL, M. D.
MAIN THING IS LEFT OUT.
No Way of Getting Rid of Ras
cals When They Once
Get In.
All who have kept pace with the ad
vanced ideas of reform in municipal
government are convinced that "an
easy method of turning the rascals
out" Is the only guarantee for honest
service. This principle of honest ad
ministration in the affairs of men, no
matter of what kind, has been entirely
ignored in the new charter.
Indirectly and alarmingly from the
standpoint of popular government this
power has been delegated to the Mayor.
But the question arises. Will he exer
cise it honestly? In the new charter
the Mayor is presumed to be a saint,
and while his appointees control SO per
cent of the public patronage, and ap
proximately SO per cent of the dis
bursement of the city's revenues, there
is not one jot or word in the entire in
strument to suspend or remove a dis
honest, weak or vacillating Mayer.
If the framers of the new charter
had entered into a conspiracy with the
most wicked intentions of forming a
close and corrupt corporation for rob
bing the taxpayers they could not have
succeeded better than they have done
by innocently leaving every opportun
ity to the forces of corruption. Con
centration and delegation of author
ity in the hands of a single individual
has been the cause of all the heartless
tyranny which enslaved man since
government was first instituted, and
the excuse was always the same, name
ly, that th« people are not capable to
govern themselves, hence the excuse
for concentrating authority.
Representative government is to-day
a failure, because the people delegate
absolute power to their representa
tives, and the latter Invariably sell the
people out to a class or to individuals
who are scheming to obtain special
privileges.
Now, when people have learned that
absolute representation has resulted
in their being misrepresented, are they
godng to retrace their steps to auto
cracy? Will the people repeat the folly
of the French, by overthrowing the
directory for a consular throne? After
which came the first consul for life,
and then a relapse into a military des
potism, which, by way of excuse, was
declared necessary for the salvation of
France.
To say "Any charter is better than
our present system" is absurd, because
the officials which will run the city
government under the new charter will
be further removed from their account
ability to the people than they are now,
hence they are likely to be worse.
The present consolidation act is not
near as bad as we are led to suppose.
With some few important amendments
it would be infinitely superior to any
charter which has thus far been sub
mitted and equal to any charter which
in the future may be submitted. The
amendments are. briefly: Home rule;
a large Board of Supervisors, subdi
vided into committees, who shall have
full charge of hospitals, parks, police,
schools and other public functions, and
an easy method of turning the rascais
out.
This must be clear to any mind who
has given the question of municipal
government and needed reforms careful
attention.
How to get the rogue out of an of
fice which he disgraces by betraying a
public trust has not been sufficiently
discussed nor has it received the notice
of the. press which its importance de
mands.
There would be nothing more potent
than the possibility of immediate re
moval from office and disqualification
for holding ever afterward any office
or trust from the people to deter an
officer from being dishonest- Such an
innovation in the public service would
stimulate the ambition of every citizen
for higher ideals of civic duty, and
every man would take a deeper interest
and greater pride in his citizenship.
There are so many legal technicalities
in the way of a conviction, rules of evi
dence and other quibbles so that it is
impossible to convict the political bood
ler, and hence the criminal officeholder
goes unwhipped fnr his crimes. To
argue that this class of criminals can
not be punished is to admit that our
system of absolute representation is
radically wrong, which is true; but it
does not follow that the system cannot
be changed, nor that the abuses cannot
be righted.
To continue present methods which
the new charter proposes with greater
opportunity for fraud and misgovern
n^ent, in the hope of finding honest men
or an honest man for Mayor, who is to
keep all the others honest, is in the
light of experience absurd. The abso
lutely honest man is an ideal, for hon
esty is only a relative term, and no one
knows exactly what it means until the
last act of the individual has been done
or his last word spoken. No one knows
how thick the skin of the presumably
honest man is, and what quality of
prize will rub it off and expose the
thief. Few people are as honest as they
make people believe, nor as honest as
they think they are. The predatory in
stincts of man are not yet extinct, for
his origin is not sufficiently remote.
The predatory instinct originated from
the necessity of nutrition co-ordinate
with self-preservation. Selfishness and
greed are exaltation of the sarqe prin
ciple.
The new charter contemplates to
make the School Board honester by re
ducing its number from twelve to five
members, just as though honesty de
pended on proportion or numbers. Such
a plan would not make the School De
partment seven-twelfths honester, but
simply give a board of five the oppor
tunity of becoming seven-twelfths
more dishonest. Nor is there any guar
antee that the School Board will be
more honest because appointive instead
of elective. Experience has abundant
ly proven that appointive officers are
as corruptible as those who are elected.
The remedy lies not in the futile at
tempt to put honest men in office but
in devising means to prevent any man
from becoming dishonest; or if there be
a preponderance of dishonesty in his
nature, that his dishonesty will be re
duced to a minimum.
The people must have and reserve
the right to vote out of office at any
time men who fall to serve the public
or are untrue to their pledges. The
people must have the power of recall
ing any officer for whatever cause, and
without judge and jury. Legal jug
glery must not intervene between ser
vant and master, or employe and em
ployer. In order to do this the voters
must nominate and elect their Super
visors and School Directors by small
districts, so that the voters will per
sonally know the candidate. The char
ter convention did not take to this
method, on the ground that certain dis
tricts would be colonized and controlled
by the bosses. While that would be
true in some districts, it would only be
possible in a few. Most of the districts
would be controlled by public-spirited
citizens, who would become more num
erous under the reform plan than they
are now.
Men are more Inclined to be honest
in their collective capacity than they
are as individuals, and knowing honest
administration of public affairs to be
possible, they would strive to obtain it.
The voting out of office can be done
by ballot confined to the district which
the officer misrepresents, or by mail,
or by registering for or against the ac
cused official at the City Hall. There
is no trouble to devise a method that
is practical and cheap if there is an
honest willingness to institute the re
form.
The people have been sorely tried by
seeing the boodler snap his finger in
their faces and giving the officers ab-
BOlute control over their affairs, with
fraud and corruption an open secret
and without any redress.
The new charter removes SO per cent
of the city officials beyond their reach j
and will make matters worse than they j
are now. The new charter is a botch j
work of compromises and should be
voted down. The cure for the evils of
; democracy is greater control of public
affairs to the collective citizenship.
JOHN A. MILLER, M.D.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
N. P. Nelson of Chicago is at the Bald
win.
W. E. Bainbridge of lowa is one of the
arivals at the Occidental.
M. A. Nurse, a civil ( ngineer, of Sacra
mento, is registered at the Grand.
F. P. Wickersham of Fresno is at the
Lick and is accompanied by his wife.
L. G. N»smith, a San Jose banker, is a
guest at the California, in company with
his wife.
W. I- Redding, the County Treasurer of
Sierra County, is registered at the Lick
from Downieville.
A. V. Love of Portsmouth, Ohio, and W.
A. Newton of Chicago are among the ar
rivals at the Baldwin.
George A. Smith, an extensive orchard
ist in Courtland, Sacramento County; G.
M. Foote of Hollister, the County Clerk of
San Benito County; and Thomas G. Petch
of Eureka are registered at the Grand.
Among those who registered at the Pal
ace are S. R. Hollander, a merchant of
Boston; W. L. Woodrow of San Jose and
F. R. Van Schuller, a tourist from Vienna.
Thomas T. Thompson, a fruit grower of
Tulare; S. C. Cornell, an attorney, and R.
Gracey, a banker, of Merced, are at the
Lick.
Warden W. E. Hale of San Quentin is a
guest at the Palace and has entirely re
covered from his late severe illness. The
warden says that the jute mill connected
with the prison was started up Monday
after five weeks' idleness, and is now run
ning to its full capacity, there being 700
operators at work. There Is a large num
ber of grain bags on hand at the present
time, but the last rains caused the placing
nf some orders, so it would appear that
some good has resulted to the State from
the tardy drenching.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed May 24— Sloop Diana, for
Alaska: ship Benjamin F Packard, for Taku.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 24 — Stmr Lakme, fm
Astoria.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
(99 Market Street, San Francisco,
BOI^E AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamersi
WAY 25th-
X>R DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND*
HOOPERS BAY. ST. MICHAEL A_NT.
DAWSON CITY,
THE STEAiISHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/V\MY 28th-
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND. DUTCH HAB.
BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND, HOOPERS
BAY, ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY,
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at th.- mouth of the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosraoa,
JUNE Ist—
FOR BT. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITT AND
YUKON RIVEK POINTS,
The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The nbove steamers are the finest of their
class: every comfort given to passengers; best
table set of any lln«» running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alasks. go by a reliable line.
For Information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY.
. to- Market it., ban Francisco.
y^^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
3. MxSfeJm <>25 KKAKSY ST. Established
i n iji.-j a for th:- treatment of Private
%£■ Dlseiises.liost Manhood. Debility or
<)25kF,AKSTST. EsUblished
In U*S4 forth •treatment of Private
Dhttsra, Lost Manhood. Debility or
(ls9T«ji-«itt* jlis^xscwearingoiibOilyanriiulndaiid
Skin l)i««>asf.i. Thedoctorcureswhen
IS«w*WR3S^ others fall. Try him. Clmrpes low
l^iaJMiiSS* «.'nrciiafuari£ni*rd. Callorwrite.
Or. .1. v. in IPX. Rci 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
TON.' ■ _ .
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southward... '..May 25 I Westernland..... June 1
•Chester May 2S: Kensington June 3
PHILADELPHIA. QCEESSTOWW, LIVER-
> POOL.
v.; Steamers sail under Belg'an Flag. •
Pennland ...May 2l|Waesland ......June 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formf Wy employed In trans-Atlantlo
services of the International Navigation Com-
cany and specially refitted for this service.
£ IS Ohio 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S* S Indiana .00 tons, from Seattle. June 28.
6. S. Pennsylvania. 3500 tons, from Seattle.
J c r onnectln X with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Tukon River, throuch to Dawron City and
Intermediate points. . _ .
For passage and freight apply *•._„ '__,
NATIONAL, NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies. ■
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Hon., Tues.. Wed.,' Thur-j. and 5at........
9:45 a. m., 3:15 n. m. (s:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ........ .". ...... .1 P. • m. and 8:30 p. m.
5unday5 ...... .....'....'.. .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
T.|pHing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 3.
- TeleaJjine, Rfid 224 J. : :< ,
t^_ *V" '• " ■ *•' f '
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer,
Telephone Mint 1504. . :**' V
$2000 IRONCLAD AGATEWARE- $2OOO
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY May 25, ISOB
At 414 McAllister.
■ At 11 O'clock a. m.
The above stock consists of all patterns and
i 3 the best ware made. Will be sold in lots to
suit purchasers, without limit or reserve.
Dealers Invited.
OCEAN TRAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'l^ Steamers leave Broadway
f^y. wharf, San Francisco.
llsw!>*. Fr.r Alaskan ports, 1" a. m..
l¥iiK^«H > Ia >' '■ 6 ll - 1C - 21 > 26 ' 31> June
IK sKtsSTi 5 « transfer at Seattle.
' IfflfcikSPi For Alaskan ports (from
;'fsBJ^i&W- Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
■•' rB*^^r 8 *^^ May IS. transfer at fort-
' i» urust 4. 2». transfer at.l'ort-
IMffiWnSSSS^ l Uev n efy^h l da 1 y
th'ereafteV. fonnectfng at Seattle .with^th£ corn-
•%r th fiS? r Cr^, Monterey. San
Cayucos. Port Harford ffl«*2^ H SSSS£
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hue"™ j
San Pedro, San Pedro (Los A 7 n tS s ana
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1, 5. 9, 13. n. n. «• ■»•
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har^
ford (San Lul« Obl^po). Santa J 3^".^,^ o^
S b Ma GlS^aG I S^a A t M a x.)% l\r t f^ OS i
June 10. and Id of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder. __.
The company reserves the right to duun
without previous notice steameta. salmis dates
a TICKKT f OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODAL.L. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A«ts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w. For SEATTLE
III& M TACOMA Direct.
r^^siilii The New, F»st and Eleg»ct
Ste&niEbip
SENATOR,
Carrj-Infj Freight and Passengers,
Will Leave Broadway Wharf San Francisco.
SATURDAY. • MAY 2S. at 10 A. M.
Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AKts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C »DC SI2 First Class Including Berth
rHiiL $8 Second Clnss »nd Meal*.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon. May 6. 16. 24
Columbia May 9, IS 27
I State of California May 12. 21. SO
Ist Paul $16 00 ! St. Louis $32 00
■ Kansas City....... 26 0;j Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
620 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fHHB93K£2#! Sailing of June Ist
'jPilNil/or Honolulu canceled. '
«*» ~\ • ■ The S. S. MOANA
X -^jTa satis via Honolulu and
SfMrr^hinc) Auckland for Sydney
Q)!U3l!u!ll r ' v Wednesday. June 15.
(sjHfD(i!&h at 2p - m -
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael, Daw-son City and Inter-
mediate River Points.
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched June 2, connecting with company s
own" Yukon River fleet, consisting of four large
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
Bros, of Seattle, and now en route for St.
SPECIAL ATTENTION called to the : ict
that coal will be used exclusively on river
boats, insuring most rapid passage possible.
Company's responsibility guarantees con-
tracts. For passage and freight apply to BLLE
STAR LINK, IS California. St., or its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
6 California st. Telephone Drum 22.
: Compagnie Generate Transatlanfique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North \^**)&»
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <jrTrrt\
by this line avoid both transit by »**™ a
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, Srst-class. Jl&J:
second-class, Wl6. „, „„ ■-"
LA NAVARRE May 28. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNK June IS 10 a. m
LA BRETAGNE June 25, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
. TIQU^, Agent. -
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
' J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
■ye.. Pan Francisco. '"'■'■••'■ v
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York cv;ry Saturday fop
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, »42 50; Furressla, *37 50;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 50; Furnessia,
$24 EQ: othrr stenmers, $23 10.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 7
Bowlinp Green. Nev York: or .1. "\ FIT, AZI
6 Montgomery St.: or L. F. rno^ROFT ,II4
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery yt.. Pan Francisco.
BAILBOAD TBAVEIu
ri ~~' ...._. '■! CALIFORNIA
SANFRTHCISCO
THE i ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
from CALIFORNIA BY ,
ANY LINE,
L*"av^ San Francisco at 4:35 p. m. -
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
' BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
rullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers. :;i '
days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 6*4 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office. ■ HIS ■■ Broadway. Sacramento
office, 201 J street. ■ San Jose, 7 ■ West Santa
Clara street. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: From September 10, 1597. trains will run as
follows: . .
: South-bound. I ■. North-bond. '
_ . 1
PaEFen- Mixed - Mixed Passen-
ger . Sunday Sta- Sunday ■ ger
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. .."■ Excep'd. Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm '; Fresno 9:30 am 2:2opm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 p m
12:16 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalla C:4O am 12:40 p m
-"■ Stopping at intermediate . points : when re-
quired. • , " . ■
' Connections— At , Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. » Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville. Yo-,
•emtte, etc. ; , also : with • stage for Hornltos. i
Mariposa, i etc.; at Lankershim with . stage to ;
{ and irasi Madera. -
PIANO, MIRRORS, DESKS, CHAIRS.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) AT 11 A. M.
X>REWS HALL, 121 New Montgomery st.
POKER TABLES, CHAIRS, Etc.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) AT 2 P. M.
CLUB ROOMS, 13 THIRD ST., NEAR MAR-
KET.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD.. 602 Market.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH STREET.
THIs DAY. .
WEDNESDAY.. May 25. 1898
At. 11 o'clock.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell 4 Hose
Carriages. 2 Hose Carts and a lot of Horses
belonging to the San Francisco Fire Depart-
ment. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOIiXIiKRN nvinc t'OMFAJfT.
{PACIFIC »v.tkm.>
Frntnm iritfr »»cl arc <!■•«• la »rrlv« a*
NAN HtAN«IMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
r.E.<vß _j- L _ Fkom ton 23. 1358. — ARrtrri
*6:l>oa Niles. **i: Jpseaud Way SUtions... *5»:4.>a
7:«Oa Hriiicia, Suipuu »ml Sacramento 10:45 a
7:OOa Marjsvilie, Orovilleaud Kedding fia
WiK>.il»uU 5545p
7jOOa Vacaville and Kumsey Bj43p
■ 7:30 a Martinez, San Kamou, Vallejo. Kapa,
Cali»tu({a and Sania Rosa 6:13?
HiOOa Atlantic Kiprees. Og.leti and Kast.. Si49p
i»i:ioa Nile*, Sail .his«. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Muryavf.le, Chico,
Tehama and Ite«l IHnC 4ilSp
*Si»Oa Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jame«town
for Yoseraite) »7ilsp
SiOMa New Orleans IC<i>reu. Merced, V ret-
■<-■■• .no, Bakereßeld. SanU Barbara,
.os Angeles, laming, El I'aso,
■'■ New Oriearn and Enst 6i4l»p
IO:OOa Vallej.', Martinez and Way Stations 7«43p
•IsOOp Sacramento Kiver Ste*inrrs »9:OOp
I:UOf Nile*, .-an Joee a^d Way Stations.. •»*43a
San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... Ji»:l3a
2:OUp Livcnnore, Mendota, linniord and
Visalia Attar
IJTermore, San Joss, Mies and Way
Stations JIOiISa
Fresno, Mercea, Martiuez, Vallrjo.. 12:13p
4:OOp Martinex. Hau lUimoii. Vill«jo,
- N»l>.i, I'allsioiin, ill Vrrano and
HaiiU liOStl »ll»A
4ioop BenicU, Vacaiville, Woodland,
.' • Knialits Lau«ilii». Maryevillfi, Oro-
ville and Hiicini.iento 10:45 a
4:30p Nl>«. San .Ti-ee. Tracy and Bu)ckton .. T:lsi>
4:a«>p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 18:15*
I:aopt\gtleandJLodi 18il5p
4:Uop Lathrop, Modesto. Merced. Bcrend*
(Ka>niond for Yoßeiuite), Fresno,
Boj&Te, Santa Karbara and l.oa
' Anttelai 7i43a
i:ll»p Sai;t.i IV Ito.ito. Ati.n.tio Express
for Mcijave ami Kast 0:43p
O:OOi Kuroi'CHit Mail, <^i!.-m and Kast.... 9:4.1 a
♦6:(»«M- Vnllejo 12:13p
»»:<'<»!■ Miiyintriln. Nil< k xnd S«n.ln.<« 7:43*
:7:00p Vallejo, Port Coita and Way Sta- ;
tions J9:4.->»
8:««r Orfgon lsx|'rf»B,H»ci\iineiito, Marys-
'■■"-- ■'■;■ dUo, K»Wti« I'oithind, l'uget
S»iii..l ami i:;nt Bil3a
" SA.> LKAMwBO AMi lIA VIVA i:!>S LOCAL.
- (Foot of .Market Street.) j_
" T ' ~ ( 7713 A
»:Ot>\ Helrose, Seminary P*rk, *JS-43a
I«. : »»Oa I FltchUnrir, Klmhunt, u!isa
<1I:OOa San l,<an<lio. South Sam 12:4(lp
t1 . 2 . ! !!°. J ! Uu4if, KMu.lillo, gjJSj
i:;":oop ■ Lorenuo, CJierry ■ 14:43p
4:«0p . J3t4fjp
5:«(»p *» «:I3P
3:30p Haywardn. VW*
7:««>i« *:4»P
*!»««• i Runs through to Niles. .?, : ?
COAST Mrj"ION (Sarrotr «auge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a SanU Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
and Principal Way Stations J8«»Bl>
S:l3a Newark. Cecteryille.San Joße.Felion,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
•vjr; Stations Bi3»t
•2:1.1p Neo-ark, Ceiit«rville, San Jose, New
AfanMßß, Feltou, Booider Creek,
Sauta Cruz and VrincipaJ Way
Stations MO:s«a
4:lSp San Jose, Olenwood & Way Stations 9:20 a
q4:l3r r.ouliltrr-C'reek and .Santa Cruz Jt»:2l>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.'romSlH rRpCISCO— Net of Uirket Strttt (Slip 8)—
•7:16 ■ 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:OQ *2:00 t3:00
•i:00 to:00 *6.-0Orj«. j
*r»m OlUiltD— Toot »r2:a.tii(7.iT.— *C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
. tI2:SO - '1:00 J2:03 3:00 J1:CO '8:03 p.m.
COAST l>l VISION (Broad l.'auge).
(Third ai»d TownsenU Stj.)
*7:oOa San .lime mill Way hiUtimis (New
Aliuadeii \V'ri!nesiU;»oiil>) liSOr
J7::I0a Sunday Eicnrs'on for San Joss.
Siata Croz, I'nciiiu Grove and
Principal Way Stations JS:SS*
9:00 a hun Jose, Tret I'iuim, s u,t* Cruz,
l'Hcillo Urote, l'aso Rabies, Kan
Luis < ii.>|-.. liiMiliilui'U. Hurl and
l'riiiuiiml Whj KUtkina '*«10r
IO:4Oa Sail. lose niuMVay .SUtinns •«:«•*
1I:S«»a 8»n J.se ami W»jr Stations *H:'dSA
•a:-ISt- San Mateo. Redwood, falo Alto.
Santa Clara, Sun .lues, Oiirojr,
UoUistcr. .Santa Ores, Salinas,
Monterey and Tacilic Grora *i««3»a
•:i::tOp San .lose and \V ay .Stations *9:«0a
MllSr .San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•.">:!»<>!■ San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::i5.»
S«SOp uikl I'ri:icl|..ii Way .stations .1:3 Op
«:.'{«l" San Jose aii-i Way .Stations 7:»»P
'1 1 : ir»r San .T(.?f ami Way Stations ' 7:30r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon..
' SiiinlHrß eice)iti»il. ♦ Snndays only t Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■■ Bnnrtpv* niu\ Moniinys. a s«ninl»rs and Snndays
SAN FRANCESCO 2nd NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
flbar«B Parry, Fo*t «t Market St.
i>^»~» x HAACIbQO TO i:a.N "* waki.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. IB.; MO,
1:30. 6:10. 6:39 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S. -00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:89. »:Ss.
. 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:io. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:41.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:ls.
6:00. t>.is p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsaa Park
tame schedule as above. . ■-■-.-.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23, ■
Week i Sun- 1893. Sun- I Week
Days. I _ days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:50 am S:00 am Xrvato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pui Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm S:U pa
Fulton. ~ — —
7:30 am Windsor. 10:2* an
Healdsburf.
Lytton,
% ■ ■ GeyservlUe,
8:30 pm 8:0» am . Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm t:B pa
7:30 am | ~j~Hopland ' and] 10:25 am
3:30 pm|S:oo ■ Ulciah. • f 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am " - 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I I t.n pm
7:30 am:8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I (and
5:10 pm]s:oo pml Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm! 6:23 pm
7:30 amJS:OO ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| p I 7:35 pm «:21 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa' for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
•ervllle for Skacsrs Springs; at Cloverdale tot
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, KelseyviHe, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Liprley's. Bucknell's. Sanheflrln Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday -to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ;
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, .-• R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay 1, \ UN.
W. EX DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *»:90u
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45. 3:20. 4:00, 6:15. »6.-«0.
C:3O p. En.
Extra trips for San ' Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:34
v "^ ■ SUNDAYS.
For Milt Valley and San Rafael— •3:00,
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. '*IMS. »2:30. «4:J»,
6:30. 6:45 p. m. \
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. .
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week , days (Sat. To males and
way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way . sta' a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
> (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
'Leave San Francisco, commencing May V
1S98: ■■■■■ - ■--■•': ' aß^*B S!!^^
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. =s.; 1:41 and
Z:SO p. m. ■■-•-•■
. Round trip from Mill Valley. SI.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, Ol Uarkotj
street, San rranciaco. — _- — - -y-i:
1112
A SUPERIOR
JUDGE IN
CONTEMPT
Railroad Commission
ers May So Decide.
GRAVE QUESTIONS INVOLVED.
WEIT OF PROHIBITION BY
JUDGE BELCHER.
Very Serious Complications Growing
Out of the Unceremonious
Departure of Collis P.
Huntingdon.
The train of events that are follow
ing the recent sudden leave-taking of
Collis P. Huntingtort bids fair to occupy
the attention of the members of the
State Board of Railroad Commission
ers and some other persons for some
month? to come. The liberty of several
attorneys and railroad officials and at
least one Superior Judge is threatened,
to say nothing of a concerted attack
that is to be made on the very life of
the Railroad Commission itself.
Yesterday was the time fixed for the
hearing of the contempt proceedings
that are to be instituted by th<» com
mission against Huntington and his
counsel, Attorney Pillsbury, on account
of Huntlngton's sudden departure from
the State while under subpena asawit- j
ness in the suit of John R. Robinson j
apainst the Southern Pacific Company.
Just prior to the opening of the session
the Commissioners were served with a
writ of prohibition from the Superior
Court, commanding them to take no
further action in the Robinson suit un
til the question of jurisdiction had been
passed on by the Judge who issued the
writ. The writ was issued by Superior
Judge Belcher and was made re
turnable on June 3 in Department 3 of
the Superior Court. Garret W. Mc-
Enerney is named as attorney for the
railroad company.
Though the service of the writ of pro
hibitlrm could not affect the prosecu
tion of the contempt proceedings,
events proved that the two are to be
very intimately connected. The ques
tion turns on the power of a Superior
Judge to enjoin the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners, which is a
body having peculiar and extraordin
ary powers granted to it by the con
stitution of the State. Acting on the
belief that the Superior Court has no
authority over the board, Attorneys
Monteith and Philbrook will to-day
ask the Commissioners for an order
citing Judge Belcher to appear and
show cause why he should not be pun
ished for contempt because of> his ac
tion in issuing the writ of prohibition.
This will have the effect of bringing in
to question the power of the board — a
question that the highest judicial trib
unals will no doubt be asked to finally
determine.
Attorneys Monteith and Philbrook j
announced that before asking the Com
missioners to make an order citing C. !
P. Huntington and Attorney PiHsbury
to appear and show cause why they
Bhould not be punished for contempt
they would ask that some evidence be j
taken bearing on the alleged contemp- |
tuous acts of the parties accused. To
this end they have caused to be sub- j
penaed several witnesses who were
present in response to the summons
with which they had been served.
These were Attorney Herrin, chief ;
counsel for the Southern Pacific Com- j
pany; Judge Garber, special counsel ;
for the Southern Pacific Company; W. j
H. Mills, H. E. Huntington, B. A.
Worthington, Attorney Muenter. Jer- I
ome A. Fillmore, J. B. Wright of Sac- \
rarnento and Chief Train-Dispatcher j
Norton.
The attorneys expect to draw from
these witnesses some corroboration of
the alleged fact that Huntington left
the city because he was advised to do
so by his attorneys.
Attorney Pillsbury was not present
at the session. He was represented
by Attorney Arthur Rodpers, who
asked that a continuance of the con
tempt proceedings be granted, because
Pillsbury had been called to Boston to
try an important case that is set for
hearing on June 6.
Xo action was taken on this request
because Robinson's attorneys asked
that they be Riven an opportunity to
inspect the papers in the case of the
writ of prohibition before proceeding
further. No objection was made to
this request, and by consent further
proceedings were postponed until 10
o'clock this morning. All witnesses
were notified to return at that time.
Vote against the new charter be
cause the Board of Public Works, the
Board of Health, the Board of Park
Commissioners and other heads of
various departments are authorized
to employ subordinates without num
ber at salaries without limit.
EQUALIZING TRAFFIC.
Calif ornians Have Gained a Small
Advantage on Overland Rates.
A short but significant message was re
ceived from Edward Everett of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association
yesterday which reads:
CHICAGO. May 23. IS9B.
Frank L. Brown: Large advances west
bound car rates and differentials, but east
bound not advanced, only minor changes. Cali
fornia better position than ever before. Con
gratulations. EDWARD EVERETT.
Mr. Everett went to the convention of j
railroad managers that was hHd recently j
in Milwaukee to adjust differences in the :
matter of freight rates all over the coun- ;
try. One of the big "kicks" of the manu- i
facturers of this State was that the rail
road people of the Eastern roads have
long been charging less freight rates on
the goods sent from the East to the Pa
cific than on the goods sent from the i
West to the Bast. They gave the Eastern
dealers the opportunity of underselling \
Pacific Coast products. Mr. Everett made
a strong tight while the late convention
was in Bession in Monterey, but without
accomplishing very much except to show
that the people of the \\>st were deter
mined to have some of their rights or
know the reason. The short dispatch
shows that while the rates on eastbound
freight have not been reduced the rates
on westbound articles have, which In a
way gives the Westerners at least a
ghost of a chance In the way of competi
tion.
POT HIMSELF
IN A TRAP
Dr. Forner's Nice Laid
Schemes Fail.
LOCKED UP IN CITY PRISON.
ARRANGED TO MARRY A LADY
HE HAD BETRAYED.
He Is Unexpectedly Confronted by
His Wife, Whom He Had
Deserted in Kansas City
a Year Ago.
A painful and dramatic scene was
enacted In the City Prison yesterday
afternoon when a husband who had
deserted his wife In the East some time
ago and had applied for a divorce was
unexpectedly confronted by her. The
husband was Dr. W. H. Forner, who,
until recently, had an office on Market
street.
Forner has got himself into a peck of
troubles. On March 22 last Victoria C.
Martin, now employed with a family
at 1605 Baker street, swore to a com
plaint for his arrest on a charge of be
trayal under promise of marriage
while she was O7ie of his patients. For
ner left tha city about that time for
Los Angeles, and the police were un
able to serve the warrant upon him.
Yesterday afternoon, accompanied by
Miss Martin, he walked into the office
of Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Drury of Judge Joachimsen's court,
and, "making himself known, said that
the young woman wanted to withdraw
the warrant against him. Drury took
him to Sergeant Moffltt, who had a
surprise in store for him. The ser
geant asked him to go with him to the
prison and booked him on the charge
of betrayal, much to his surprise and
indignation.
The reason for the sergeant's action
was owing to the fact that Forner's
! wife, whom he had deserted in Kansas
I City over a year ago, had arrived here
Monday night, accompanied by her
eight-year-old son. and had at once
; gone to police headquarters and told
her story to Chief Lees. It seemed
that Forner on May 2 filed papers for a
. divorce from his wife, alleging cruelty,
1 and copies of the papers in the case
i were sent to Kansas City. Mrs. Forner
i having, to Forner's knowledge, left
there and gone to live in Chicago. By
i this means It was hoped that the pa
pers would be returned certifying that
i they had been served at her last known
; residence and she would not hear of
the proceedings.
Friends of Mrs. Forner in Kansas
City sent the papers on to Chicago, and
Bhe Immediately made arrangements to
cane here and contest the suit, as the
charges were not in accordance with
I the facts. She brought letters of rec
ommendation from the head of the de
tective force in Chicago and other
' prominent people. When she reached
, here she was stranded, and the Chief
sent her and her boy to a hotel, agree-
Ito be responsible for their board
lodging. It was not then known to
Chief that there was a warrant out
Forner'a arrest for betrayal, and
erday morning Mrs. Fornor applied
a warrant for his arrest fr>r failure
jrovide. Thereupon Drury notified
Chief's office of the previous war
rant, and it was decided to do nothing
further till Forner was arrested.
To the joy of the "upper ofilce" For
ner walked into police headquarters
and thereby saved the department a
lot of trouble and expense in searching
for him. Officer McMurray of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children had been detailed on the case,
and after Forner's arrest he brought
Mrs. Forner to the prison. Forner was
unaware of her presence in the city,
and when he saw her ho was paralyzed
with astonishment. She went into
hysterics, and for a few moments the
prene was painful in the extreme. She
did not upbraid him, her only thought
being apparently to get him out of
prison. Forner promised Officer Mc-
Murray to support her and her son, and
after the strangely reunited pair had
talked for some minutes she left, but
not before Forner had consented to
withdraw the suit for divorce.
It now remains to be seen what Miss
Martin will do. Forner had agreed to
marry her as soon as he got the di
vorce and take her to L*>i Angeles, and
that was why she asked to have the
warrant withdrawn. Her baby was
born about six weeks ngr>.
.Mrs. Pierce. IfH2 Filimoro street, also
wants a warrant for Forner's arrest on
the charge of defrauding an innkeeper.
It was at her house thnt Miss Martin's
baby was born, and she declares that
F'Tner took the woman to her house
and became responsible for all ex
penses, but he has not paid a cent.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 5 of article 11, chapter
1, abolishes precinct registration and
wipes out the registration act of
1878. By thus establishing central
office registration a great inconven
ience i 3 placed upon the laboring
classes who usually register in their
precincts.
■ a ■
A BOY WITH A RECORD.
Thomas Connolly, Who Tried to
Shoot His Father, Arrested
for Vagrancy.
Thomas Connolly, a boy about 1!< jrearfl
of age. appeared In Judge Low'? court
yesterday to answer to a charge of vag
rancy and the hearing of the case was
continued till to-morrow. The boy's par
ents live on Twenty-fourth and Sanchez
streets, and the police say that he will
not work, but speeds his time drinking
and loafing.
Thomas caused a sensation In October,
18%. by firing three shots from a revol
ver at his father while the old gentleman
war. in bed. None of the shots fortu
nately took effect. Policeman lieapy wn.s
sent to arrest the hoy, who was holding
the fort and defying any one to come
near him. While chasing him through
the house Heapy fell out of an open win
dow on the second floor and was serious
ly injured. He died a few months later.
Thomas was held to answer for assault
to murder, but as his father refused to
testify against him in the Superior Court
he was not convicted.
For Red Cross Funds.
A muslcale for the benefit of the Red
Cross Society will be given at the resi
dence of Mrs. Frederick Belcher. 1143
Myrtle street, corner of Fourteenth
Street, Oakland, on Thursaav afternoon.
First-class talent, both professional and
amateur, has been engaged for the occa
sion, and .all who attend will have the
double pleasure of assisting a worthy
cause and spending an enjoyable after
noon.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 2 of chapter 2, article
VII of the new charter says: "Adults
shall be entitled to free instruction in
the evening schools, but no child un
der 14 years of age shall be admitted
to such schools." This is a direct
blow at the children of the poor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1398.;:
MUST USE
THE LATEST
COLT'S GUN
Policemen Ordered to
Buy New Pistols.
CARLOAD OF THEM COMING
CHIEF LEES DISSATISFIED WITH
THE OLD REVOLVERS.
The Officers Incensed Over the Ac
tion of the Head of the Depart
ment in Making the
Change.
Hereafter the members of the Police De-
I partment will carry a .32 Colt's revolver of
I the latest pattern. Chief Lees has so or
; dained, and as his power is supreme vie
officers must bow in submission.
Just why Lees should burden his men
! with the extra expense of buying new re
| volvers seems strange, to say the least.
Only a few months ago an agent for
Smith & Wesson, well-known manufac
. turers of firearms, visited this city and
Induced the Police Commissioners to
i adopt their latest .38 caliber revolver.
Just as the oflicers were becoming pro-
I ficient in the use of the new pistol they
' \vtre told that the Smith & "Wesson re
| volver had been rejected, and that here
1 after only a .32 caliber Colt's would be
I recognized. They were also informed that
each gun would cost $17 80, and that a
! small carload of them would arrive here
in a short time.
When the patrolmen were told of the
action of the head of the department in
rejecting the Smith & Wesson revolver
for the new Colt's they became greatly
! incensed, but were careful not to say any
: thing in the presence of their superior of
ficers.
"This is an outrage," indignantly re
• marked one of the officers. "A few
i months ago we were Instructed to dis
• card our old revolvers and purchase the
latest improved Smith & Wesson. We
paid $17 for each one, and as it proved to
be a good gun we did not kick. Now the
Chief has seen lit to ignore our interests
and saddle .additional expense on us by
compelling us to buy a pistol that we
know nothing about. Some time ago a
representative of the manufacturers of
the new pistol visited the city and was
daily seen in the company of Captain
Wittman and the other heads of the de
partment. To show his appreciation of
the captain of the Central station, he
presented him with one of the new guns.
I suppose Chief Lees also received one,
for which he ought to be extremely grate
ful. As a majority of the members of
the department have large families., it
seems to be a shame to force us to buy
new revolvers every few months. v
Vote against the new charter be
cause it places it in the power of poli
ticians to keep voters in a constant
state of turmoil by constant submis
sion to the popular vote of questions
of administration, on the demand of
parties of political henchmen pur
porting to represent 15 per cent of
the voters.
Deleerates to the Convention.
The Continental Leapnif, one of the Re-
publican clubs of the city, elected the
following named delegates to the
■ State Republican Clubs Convention, to
be l.eM at Golden Gate Hall, 025
I Sutter street, on Tuesday, May 31. at
1 o'clock: Norman R. Arter, Hon. D. M.
Burns. Hon. J. E. Barry, Hon. G. H.
Bahrs, Emlle Bauer, John H. Berg,
[ Thomns Bryan, Thomas H. Burns, F. Ber
lin. John F. Bernard, John Harry, D. T.
<'ole. E. Cohen, P. J. Crimmlns, Amos
Currier, ML W. Coffey, J. C. Campbell, \V.
i C. Conley, Hon. Carroll Cook, Hon. M. H.
;de Young. Hon. H. G. W. Dinkelspiel,
i Hon. It. V. P. Deming, H. C. Firebaugh,
! J A. Foster. B. P. Flint, Charles H.
Forbes, D. L. Farnsworth. A. Fromberg,
George S Graham, Hon. J. C. B. Hebbard,
18. L. Hesseltine, Hon. W. H. H. Hart.
'■■ Hon P A. Hammond, Hon. John Hunt
! Jr., Richard A. C. Holm, Edward G. Hall,
Charles Heinecke. John Hanlon, S. I. Ja
| cobs, Hon. Leon E. Jones, Hon. H. L.
Joachlmsen, Oscar Lewis, Hon. Davis
Louderback, Hon. A. A. Louderback.
James Kip. William McKeozie, Hon. F. H.
i Kerrigan, Hon. B. L. McKinley, Dawson
Mayer G. B. Mackrett, H. W. Matthews,
P McCarthy, Dorson Nichols, T. B. O'Bri
en, D. J. O'Brien, I). R. Perry, Hon. E. D.
}vixntto, J. W. Perry, A. Ruef, D. V. Ro-
Benthal, Frank Roney, H. J. Rigglns, Hon.
Snmuel M. Shortridge. August Stolz, J. H.
Speck, K. I. Sheehan, E. M. Sweeney, J.
G. Tyrrell, Hon. J. M. Troutt, Hon.
Charles L. Tilton, Thomas B. Upton, R.
Valentine, Hon. R. H. Webster, Frank D.
j Worth.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it substitutes annual for bi
ennial elections at an additional an
nual expense of about $180, COO and
great additional disturbance to busi
! ness.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C C Desmond. L Ang L W Fox, Cal
F L Rlpley, Boston S R Hollander. Boston
<) S Brumback. Toledo \V L Woodrow, S Jo«e
B l>i!il>y. N V H Dillent.erg. Baltmre
T P Spiers, S Jose G VonSchoeller. Vienna
Alex A K-lth. Dublin Fred W Baker, USA
B :>'!■ Int..sh. Stanfdor H Thayer. Palo Alto
C Haoffhmont, Denver F H Blake, itmaha
I C 8 An'l<rson, Denver D W Marmon&w, Ind
I N C Smith, N V W B Lester&w, city
A J Huston. Ohio |F Thompson. Canada
J X KcllogK. NY |J Roeenthal, Cintl
, J M Haley, Chicago I Joseph. Cincinnati
i F W Hallowell, Boston G Nuriinpame, N V
Geo A Mallard. NY HE Gray, city
, M Mitchell, Washtn J Jacobson, N V
Mr.- Mlt''he!l, Washtn J Brown. S Bernadlno
I W S Garrett, Cal W J McDonald, Tpxaa
i Dr Silverman, Butte E Conner* w.DMoiness
j W F BliPter, Reno Miss Conger, D Molnes
i G de Lelowe. Cal Miss Tierce, D Molnes
Mrs G de Lelowo, Cal C O Sohreuder. Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
R Hlcknott, Oakliind Miss Hayes, N V
H Ur-11 & w. Sncto L Rothschilds. Omaha
R R Veal, Martinez G Vansant, Omaha
R Coshle. Toronto C Oing & w, Oroville
W Randolph. L Ans H Scbultz. Oroville
\V .) Bender, I. Ang J D Hampton. Illinois
.Mrs Schnsterftf, Nev F PpenKler, Victoria
B Bpencer, ocden J Frederick*, Pre.seott
! J E Terry, Sacto F Miller. Rock Island
H W Roper, L Ang J Beaton. Chicago
Q lie\ eridge. Fresno F Jenkins, .S Mateo
\\ MrNiirr.ara. Eureka M Ilrann, L Ang
\V Bean. St Louis J Browning, Neb
1 J F Ruse, St L'Hils F A Grimes, Cal
i A BoHnder & W, Ariz L V TabK Cal
i T Petch. Eureka L Poffmberfrer, Cal
3 M and el. Denver Mrs MerrlH. Woodland
' J M Haley, Chicago J \V Bowen, L Ant
1 G A Smith. Cal P R Parker. Nap*
Q W Foote. Hollister II J Terry. N V
M A Mire. Sacto E P Grant. Modesto
A Welles St Louts N Poland, S Jose
| M H Hayes. N T
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A W Brooks, Stockton J R Putman, Chicago
J Zimmerman & w.CaI.J D Purville, Cal
A W (Jyumee & W, J C Smith, Petaluma
New York Mrs B H Bearbog, Or
A Gyurnee. N V Mrs N Howell, L Ang
J J "Rippetoe, Stanford C Brandes & w, Ariz
J U Rejt;n. Cnl E C Heny.S S Colon
; 13 C Holt. Stockton L Kernminp, Los An(
E Hartley, Sa Barbara J F Fox, Windsor
Dr J G Neal, Ky J Norris, Imperial
, M C Gust in. Portland M Noonan, Stockton
! C Boos, BerkeU y G Walker, Yosemite
i N P Nelson. Chicago IG Barnes, London"
i M Mayer. Portland |P Potter, N V
: W A Newton, Chicairoi
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I J Madden. Butte IR E P.ascnmb. S Jose
! J McWilliams. Marysvl IG F Tnimbul, S Jose
: J A Shee'.ian. Sacto M N Brighton, Tulare
j C Henderson, B C T NTrockmorton. 11l
J C Riding, Los Ang .1 M Sare, Marysvllle
i A S Ridgood, Stockton L Kinnon^ Cal
i C Johnson, Niles J Cnrlton. Martinez
i M B Freeman S Jose R Davis, Santa Rosa
I R F Rice. Stockton .1 M Chnrles, Modesto
X Relnhart. Mich C Smith. Chico
MRS. M'KINLEY KEEPS
HOLY THE SABBATH.
SHE DID NOT GO TO THE
THEATER ON SUNDAY.
Bey. Mr. Bovard Bead in a Daily
That She Had and Imme
diately Investigated.
Mrs. McKinley does not go to the
theater on Sunday, if the word of Rev.
Mr. Bovard of Oakland is to be believed.
Some weeks ago an article appeared in
one of the morning papers that the
President's wife had grrne to a theater on
Sunday evening and that the audience
had received her with e"th usla i\m-
This worried Mr. Bovard to think that
the first lady of the land had thus done
something that seemed a snevous thing
to him. To settle the matter though and
to give Mrs. McKinley a chance to re
deem herself he communicated with tne
lady to ask her side of the story.
Mrs. McKinley did not answer the
letter, but her secretary did, and in a few
words the reverend minister was in
formed that Mrs. McKinley had never
been to the theater on Sunday and that
both she and the President kept holy the
Sabbath day. , . . 4 «__
Mr. Bovard on Monday informed tne
Methodist Ministerial Association of h s
investigation, and now Mrs. McKirile> is
once again In good standing in the ejea
of the investigator.
Vote against the new charter be
cause its allows the Mayor to sus
pend, and the Board of Supervisors to
remove, elected officers.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franctsco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nl*bt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6*7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. II
Past Masters' -Called Meeting .JF%-
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at XLJ^
7:30 o'clock. The Third Degree will bey
conferred solely by the Past Masters of this
lodge. By order of the W. M.
CD. BUNKER. Secretary.
, EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 106. F. &A- . M. A
Special meeting THIS (WEDXES- A
DAY) EVENING, May 25. at 7:30 *L 2?
1 o'clock. Third degree. ' v
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. & A. •
M.-Degree 3. TH'« (WEDNESDAY) _^V_
EVENING. May 25, at 7:30 o'clock. J\X
By order of the Master. ' v
H. FORTRIEBE, Secretary.
UNITY I>'.<l r ,c No. 61. Knights of
Pythias. !»00 Mnrket ?t.. will confer >¥>
the Knipht Rank '!<<ng formt on "He V-t*-
esquire on THURSDAY EVENING,
May 26. All Knights are conhully invited to
attend. G. M. HAUFT. C. C.
P W. GATES. K. of R. ana P.
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual v >,
gathering and games of the Cal- Ok. \9y '
edonian Club of San Francisco, T^Xi*
SATURDAY, May 23, at Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete In the different events,
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton Caledonian
clubs will be present in a body. Dancing In
the pavilion and numerous other attractions
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in Am«nca— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year ior $1 50. postal*
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SI (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wi.. be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., en and after
Wednesday, June 1. IS9S. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 26. 1i.98. at 3
■ o'clock p. m. '
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
______________ .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
P.* D tenant? ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., room 6: tel 5580.
MISS L. Dean, 917 Market, parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish bathe and massage treatment.
ANNA RAT PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MIRS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101H Grant aye.. cor. Geary,
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
ALYINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
MME. _-*NSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat's. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary St.. room 11.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2803. 24th.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
MISS MAT'S gpunlne electric treatment for
rheumatism. 100 Grant aye.. room 4.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE. j
FIRST-CLAPf. head waitress, experienced in
summer resort and commercial hotel, desires
position at springs. C. R. lIANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
REFINED American woman desires situation
In private family or ranch; good cook and
manager; best references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housewbrk or as second girl. $10 to $15; ref-
erences, MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German ccok and housework
girl desires situation: 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker, $10 to $12: city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
STRONG Swedish housegirl wishes pituatlon :
good cook: $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
SITUATIONS wanted for second girl, 9 years'
references: also 2 young Swedish girls want
housework and cooking; also superior flrst-
cioss Swedish cook. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter Et. •
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist house-
work, or will take care of children; wages $8
to $10. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln; telephone
Sutter 52.
TWO young girls, aged 17 and 19. would like
to do chamberwork together in a private ho-
tel or housf a short distance in th<> country
or city; $12 and $15. Please call or write. 714
Turk st.
GOOD woman, first-class. Is distressed for
work: is willing to do almost anything; is a
fine housorleaner and worker; goes by the
day. Ladies call 60 Third st.
RELIABLE young woman would like a place
to do general housework in a small family;
city or country. Call or address 7<6 Steven-
son .st.. off Ninth.
RESPECTABLE girl of experience desires sit-
uation to do general housework; city or
country. Address R. X.. room 38. 921 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day; any kind of housework; good laundress;
$1 a day and car fare. MRS. M., 1104 Mission.
RELIABLE elderly woman would assist In
light housework in a small family and inane
herself useful. Box 455fi, Call office.
GIRL of 15 wishes to assist in light housework.
Apply 4 Sunny Court, off Geary St., between
Webster and Buchanan.
WOMAN wants position; Is a good English
cook and general housework; low wagea. 206
Fifth st.
POSITION wanted as nurse: references. Ad-
dress A. G., care Smlth"s Cash Store. 25 Mar-
ket st.
POSITION wanted as cook by Eastern woman:
highest references. _M. C. 4j9 Minna st.
FIUST-CLASS laundress or chambermaid
wishes work in hotel. 231 Tenth st.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
In a small family; Is a good pluJn cook; no
children ; good city references. 245 Natoma.
AMERICANwoman wishes a position wash-
ing or to do housework. $1 and car fare. Ad-
dress box 4540. Call office.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position as
working housekeeper; city or country. 111%
Leavenworth st.
WOMAN wishes to do housework; city or coun-
try. 737 Howard St., room 14.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing and
mending to do at home. Apply 203 Turk st.
SITUATIONS WAJfTED-Contlnned.
RESPECTABLE and willing girl, nearly 12,
wishes good home; privilege of school. Ap-
ply 354 Third St., upstairs.
YOUNG colored girl wishes a position as
lady's maid or children's nurse; no objection
to traveling. 1024 Jackson st.
WOMAN would do light housework or assist;
no children. Call 1229 Golden Gate aye.
BY good cook (trustworthy), to care for house
in family's absence; references. Address 1510
I'ine st.
POSITION by an educated woman, as nursery
governess; thoroughly experienced. H. H.,
box 10, Call office, Oakland.
A REFINED infant's nurse <iestr«s a situation;
city or country. 730 Golden Gate aye.
$20— COMPETENT young woman desires situ-
ation to do cookinjr and housework; has
good references. 620 Hayes st. __
FIRST-CLAPS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; tailor suits a specialty; $1 50
per day; city or country- Address box 4G60,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE German lady who has a good
home wishes to take father and children in
board. Address box 4566. Call Office.
WORKING housekeeper, perfect dressmaker,
wishes situation in country; wages $25. Call
or address A. 8., Rondell place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation in hotel or
boarding house; reference*: first-class cook.
Call or address 927^. Washington St., M. S.
RI'TLEDGE.
FINNISH gixl wishes place to do general
housework and cooking. 609 Central aye.,
Alameda.
AN experienced Infant's nurse; good seam-
stress; care of children or upstairs work;
good references. Box 4»74. Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation as
child's nurse; city or country. Address 879
Cnpp st., In the rear.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants a place
as cook or any other kind of work; only
small wages. Call at 101 Sacramento, corner
Drumm st.
SITUATION wanted by a good cook on a ranch
or small hotel. CO9 Tennessee St., Potrero.
FRENCH cook wants situation to do general
house work; can talk English. Address 1313
Stockton Et.
REFINED German girl wishes position to take
care of children and easy housework. Please
call at Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish to do general
housework. U'j 1 * Silver st.
REFINED American woman as working house-
keeper; good cook and splendid manager. 1905
Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for upstairs
work or chambermaid In country. 621 Capp.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlor m.ild: first-class city references.
)t..x 4578, Call office.
DKESSMAKFR wishes few more enKagoments
t>y the (lay; terms Jl 50 c"ay; ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewlns to do
ut home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1907 Harrl-
pon Ft.
ELEVENTH, 106-Branch office of Tbe Call.
Subscriptions and want nds taken.
SITUATIONS WASTKD-MALB.
EMPLOYERS Of holp will find it to their ad-
vantage to send their orders to us. We take
special pains to lurnish first-class h»lp of all
kinds to our patrons. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Saramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414\4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE aivl Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay *t.
WANTED, by an Englishman, aged 30. situa-
tion at any kind of employment; wages not
SO much aii oblect as steady place: total ab-
stainer. Address F. GREENFIELD, 220
Third, or call bet. 9 and 11 a. m. & 3 & 5 p.m.
POSITION wanted by an engineer of 14 years'
experience with Corliss and automatic en-
gines; have a set of tools; can furnish the
best of refere^se. Address P. ANDERSON.
Watsonvllle, I al.
AMERICAN (60) wants work: strong and able;
used to horses, driving light wagon, etc.:
generally useful: sober, reliable, etc.; small
compensation. Address 8. H.. ?15 Minna st.
SOBER and reliable man would like a posl-
tlon with a private family; good horseman
and gardener; city or country. Address box
4;.:.4. ''a:: office.
TO Hutchers — A younfr man seeks employment
tn the country; shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. SINES, 653 Folsom st.,
near Third.
BARTENDER, steady and rellahle, married,
,-,r- :.T. would Uk<* plnce tendinc bar; refer-
Address 1008 Clay ?t., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED married man wants position
as iH.rter or Janitor by the day, week or
month. Box ».".t;4. call office.
ENGINEER and fireman wants situation;
first-class references. W. H. 8., box 4629,
Call Oftk-e.
BOOKKEEPER Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563, Call.
YOUNG man experienced in grocery business
wishf* i position: has good city references.
Box 45.5, Call office.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horsorran: can milk;
good referencos; small wages. Box 4557, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher, highest ref-
erence as foreman, able to run machinery
and take charge of cold storage plant. Ad-
dress box 4C23. Call office.
$20 TO any one securing me a permanent posi-
tion in furniture business. Address box 4655,
Call Office.
JAPANESE housecleanrr wants few more en-
Kagemente to work by the day or week.
SANTA RO. r.02 I,eav.'nworth St.
HELP \V ANTED— FEMALE.
PASTRY cook and baker, summer resort. $30
to $3.=>. C. R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary sJL
SEAMSTRESS i..:il chambermaid for summer
hotel. $2n. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
THREE waitresses for Santa Cruz, to start
lf=t June; 2 waitresses for springs, to start
Ist June; chnmbermairl. first-class country
hotel J2fi; 2 waitresses. $2>l; 2 body ironers.
$25; reHtaurnnt waitress. $2f.. country. , C.
R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 eury St. ,
COMPETENT girl for general housework,
small American family, see party at our of-
fice, $20. lady paid fee; 3 Scandinavian, Ger-
man and N>w England cirls, good cooks.
washers and Ironers, $20, $2S; German nurse-
girl, country for summmer, $15; good girls
tor <ity anil country, $l.> to $2i. C. R. HAN-
BEN <Sr CO., MH <scan" st.
2 WAITRESSES. $4 per week. MISS CULLEN,
32" Sutter.
A WAITRESS; country; $20. MISS CULLEN,
P,2.". Sutter.
A WORKING hotjKPke<>;>er; country hotel; $20.
MISS CUIiLEN, 325 Sutter.
A REFINED nur«e girl; country: $10. MISS
CUIX.EN. 325 Sutter.
A YOUNG girl: light work; $10 to $15. MISS
CUI,LEN, 32!) Sutter.
BECOND Kirl. $15. light place; German nurse-
girl 1 child fi mn oid. $20; waitress. $20;
houseglrl, Herk»l«>y, $2?; cook, $23; houseglrl.
J2O; middle-aged woman, country, $16; 3
bonsegirls, $2. r . each; young girl to assist In
h"Uß»work. no cooking. $10 to $12; young
hou.-tsrirl, 2 in family, $15; colored girl, ivi;
nurseglrl. St. Helena. J10; cook and traitress,
restaurant, $2.j and $15. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
COLORED girl, housework, 2 In family. $20;
Protestant <^ook. plain wash, $?".: 4 O<?rmnn
and Scandinavian second plrls and nurse. $20;
in girl?, general housework. German families,
$20 and $25; young girls. $1.5; stewardess, res-
taurant, $G wrek: and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to cook and do gen-
eral work, small resort. Snnta Clara County,
$2ii; ranch cooks, $20 and $25; waitress, coun-
try hotel. $20. MURRAY •& READY, 634 and
636 Clay Ft.
NURSE wanted for Institution .'.|sfl
Laundress and chambermaid $2.1
German nurse $15
French second girl $20
MRS. LAURENCE, 306 Sutter st.
LAW offic" stcnoßrapher: neat. Industrious,
competent: permanent position; compensation
good. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG lady for abstract work; private corre-
spondent; *2 ladles to manage Sacramento
Ladles' Exchange; permanent: good salary;
short hours. 313 Bush *t., to-day.
NATIVE French lady for nursery governess:
no English; photograph gallery clerk. 1023
Market st.
GOOD German or Swedish girl for general
housework: 5 cooks. 1023 Market st.
G<n'D milliner; also nursegirl; 3 glov« sales-
ladies: confectionery clerk. lO;."! Market St.
WANTED— Number of girls to fill various sit-
uations at best wages. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin.
GIRL to help on custom coats and make good
buttonholes. 774 Folsom St., between Third
and Fourth.
YOUNG erirl Ilsht housework. 2«fi N'atnnn st.,
near Fourth; German descent preferred.
(Hit!, for general housework; small family;
wages $15; reference*, l-ir.r, Fulton st.
GIRL for second work and care of grown
child; references required. 22'.>r> Franklin st.
WANTED — Nurse and seamstress; 1 child
Call 2700 California st.
Y'i >i NO girl. 12 to 14, to assist with housework
in exchange for good home. iI4A Filbert st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TAILORESS; first-class:" must be~able to make
buttonholes. Apply 16 Rausch st.
APPRENTICES on pants; steady work; paid
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
APPRENTICE to lrarn dressmaking, at 321
BarUett St., bet. 24th and 25th sts.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework
and assist in bakery. 1501 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist light housework
and plain cooking. Apply at 31 Stanley place.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 442
Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED shirt, blouse, overall, coat
and pants hands wanted to operate electric
power machines. Apply at 23 Stevenson St.,
fourth floor, after 9:30 a. m. : liberal wages
paid. MEYERSTEIN COMPANY.
YOUNG irirl about 12 to 14 to assist with
housework In exchange for good home. 1275
Broadway, bet. 9 and 11.
GIRL to do general housework: take care of
three children. U Lafayette St.
YOUNG girl for Ught housework; wages, $8.
A j. ply 1198 Treat aye.; store.
GOOD tailoress and experienced apprentice on-
custom coats. 76 Harriet St.
GOOD~girl wanted for general housework at 731
Green St., near Mason.
FIRST-CLASS ha'.r dresser; also girls to learn.
MME. UELL.A FAUST, 240 Stockton St., near
Post.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 823 Market st., room 7.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LEARN dressma- ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell' s. 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; etate experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05. Call.
DR. WISE. lh<T ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1070 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
i.INTH. 16T— Branch office of 1-e Call, sub-
scrlptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
RESTAURANT cook. $S0; cook and wife,
country hotel. 990; chef for a water resort,
$70; waiter for a mine, }2".; pantry-boy for the
springs. *ir>; short order cook for a ferry-
boat. $30. ' C. R. HANSBN & CO., 104 Geary.
BAKER for Yukon River boat, see party here;
baker and pastry cook for a summer resort,
$40; baker raid pastry cook for a watering
place, $35 to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
NEAT young man a» offtce-boy in a wholesale
house; references required; $25 and increase.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SALESMAN, draperies and curtains, experi-
ence necessary; bookkeeper, $12 a week and
increase. C. K. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Cteaiy.
COMPETENT nurse and companion, country,
$30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
POLISHER and staroher, country laundry, $12
a week; irnner. steam laundry, $30 and
found; hand laundryman for a summer re-
sort. $25 and found and fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT barber. country hotel. per-
manent. C. R- HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TO go this morning
3 more men. railroad teamsters, for the
coast road, free fare, call at office 7 o'clock
with blankets.
20 more teamsters, new railroad work, $20
itnd board, free fare, to go to-day.
9 more barkers and buckers at $35 and board,
and 8 more laborers at SI a day and board,
to fill up the gang going to the woods to-
night; remember, no experience required of
the laborers, any one can do it.
2 tall edgermen for the woods, $26 and board;
screw turner. $35 to $40 and board, see boss
here.
22 woodehoppers, fare 25c, for a long Job at
$1 CO a cord, remember, if you don't like the
layout it only costs 60c to go up and back;
fanner, J2O; ohoreboy, $10. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary st.
2 MACHINISTS. $2 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., MM Geary st.; Employment Agency
Telephone Grunt ISS.
17 COOKS For different places
6 Walters 3 Waiter Boys
Cook and Wife 5 Dishwashers
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
189 WOODCHOPPERS 86 Tie Makers
$1 50, $1 25. $1 and Tile cord— Be, 9c, 10c. lie each j
3 Milkers, $l'" and $20 Vegetable Gardener
n Farm Hands, $26, $20. $ir. and $25
Cnoreman for cheese factory, $20—2 Stablemen
3 Mutter Makers 20 Laborers, city
2 Sailors for Yachts 1 Wood Turner
Machine Blacksmith 1 Carpenter
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., •
Leading Employment Agents.
4 LV BORERS for a manufacturing company,
city. MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
63 LABORERS ?2 M <sa.y
For the great mines for different sections in
California.. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay rt. '
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and bookkeeper,
£0; see bus? here early to-day. MURRAY &
KKAPY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARTENDER, small country hotel. $30. MUR-
RAY ft READY, 634 and 636 (lay st.
2 BOILER makers. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 ("lay st.
26 MINERS for different places, from $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS Of help •
What — a great business
MURRAY & READY did yesterday: 139 men
were given different positions; what a Jolly
set of splendidly pnt up men they were;
thoroughly experienced in every detail. Each
man was fully equipped and went on his
Journey prepared to give his new employer
entire satisfaction. We solicit the patronagu
of every employer of help on the Pacific
Coast. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 633
Clay St.: telephone Main SS4S. "Help fur-
nished free i f charge."
WANTED— S talners, $2 a day and board, see
boss in city; miner, ?3 a day: creai.ierv bct-
trr-maker, $30; laundryman and wife for in-
stitution, $60; laborers, $1 75. and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
V> fLNTBD— Bread and cake bak*r, country, $45
ar.d found; baker, city, $30; second cook,
short order, $25; waiter, nice restaurant, $40;
waiter, small restaurant and coffee house;
second cook and wife. $f.5. neat restaurant: I
waiter for private family, $30, and others.
Apply to .1. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. |
WANTED— For machine shop, young man with
some experience at $12 per week and in-
crease; buttennaker and run separator, pri-
vate creamery in country, $30 and board; !
farmers, $20 and $26; milkers. $20 and $23: i
waiter, country hotel, faro advanced, $25; and
many other?. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
WANTED— Restaurant cook. $10 a week: sec-
ond cook, (35: pot washer, $20; dishwasher,
HO; waiter, plain restaurant. $2" and room;
waiter, ISO; gardener for nursery. $25; gar-
dener, private place. J2O; groom. $30; eleva-
tor boy, $10 to $15; and others, at ANDRE'S,
;'!•'. Stockton st.
WELL borer. IS a day and ; board ; 2 farm
hands, $?•" and board; woodchoppers on
shares; 2 boarding house waiters, $25 and 520;
coal miners. $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and ClO Clay st.
COACHMAN (married); wife as housekeeper,
country place; some experience gardening.
313 Bush st. . •
ELEVATOR man: office huildtng: experienced;
must have cnod references; to-day. 313 Bush.
2 ENTERPRISING, active young business men
to manage Sacramento branch cash house.
31P. Push st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by Incubator; also bjtter. Sl3 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
AUCTIONEER'S clerk and buyer; furniture,
etc.; desirable acquaintance necessary, with
references. 313 Bush st.
SECOND rook: rr-staurant; $7 per week. MISS
CUXA.EN, 825 Sutter.
A BOOKKEEPER; y,,ung man; $12 per week.
MIPS CI'LLEN, S2. r > Sutter.
MUSICIANS wanted— l piccolo, 1 E flat clar-
ionet and 3 B blat clarionets. Please apply
to Chief M»rt«ian C. E. OORMLY. Twentieth
Repimental Band, Kansas Volunteers, Camp
Richmond. Bay District Track.
WANTED— Active youn.er man of 17 to 21 as
apprentice in large assay office; excellent op-
portunity for bright man. Address, giving
age and references, box 4."49. this office.
WANTED— FIrat-claM Fal<-?man In the glove
department, men's furnishing goods store;
must thoroughly understand the business.
Address box 4"i4S. this office.
BUMMER resort watchman, south: landscape
gardener; rooming-house clerk. 313 Bush.
MAX to tak* orders for printing. Apply P.
HOrLIN, 513 Filbert st.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery*.
113!> Folsom st.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at C 25 Com-
mercial Ft.
WANTED- California Rangers recruits for
mounted service at once.
BARBER; young man; wages and board. 627
Castro st.
DISHWASHER, at 1553 Market street.
WANTED— Man accustomed to lodging-house
work. Call after 8 a. m., 124 Sixth.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED shirt, blouse, overall, coat
and pants hands wanted to operate electric
power machines. Apply at 23 Stevenson st.,
fourth floor, arter 9:30 a. m. ; liberal wages
paid. MEYERSTEIN COMPANY.
WANTED — 300 operators on electric power ma-
chines- also finishers; men's clothing: factory
work- good pay. Apply at once HOFFMAN.
ROTHCHILD & CO., Bush and Battery sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Stat»s
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied] unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able tj
speak read and write English, and be be-
tween .1 fe«J :• Inches anc< 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office ?0 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A young man with fr. m 4 to 9
months' experience in barber business. Call
at 71»Vi Howard st.
BOY for drug store, with experience. Apply
158 K.i.ly st.. 9 a. m.
CRACKER baker: ttrst-eJaas, practical mnn
for a bakery outside San Francisco. Apply,
stating wages, box 1571. Call office.
CONFECTIONER; thoroughly practical: well
up in Jelly beans and all varieties of ran
goods; state wages expected. Box 456?, Call
WANTED — Plrst-claaa basters on custom coats:
ptf-ady work. 106 Battery st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagon; must
give $125 security; salary $10 week, with room
and board. Box 4562. Call office.
CLERK In grocery and bar; age IS to 22. Ad-
dress box 4"67. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS presser warted on custom coats;
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
SOLICITOR for dyeing and clearing, to drive
a wagon. EMPORIUM CLOTHING RENO-
VAI I >HY, 109 Eddy st.
WANTED — 6u men for Alaska mines: wages
$10 per day ; leave June 5. Box 4606, Call office.
BARBERS* Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. South, 62?.
ROSEDALE HOUSE, 321 Ellis 100 fy.rnishi.-d
rooms; 2jc night; $1 week; reading rocm.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knov
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 2"c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Eniploym't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 323 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. r>o4 Davis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. neap
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764>, Mission;
men *o take rooms; 10c. 15c 25c t>er
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
800 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-sollng. 35c. 969 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
CHEAPEST and host in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, poatago
paid.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Halstead'a great war
book, "Our Country in War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations: nearly 609 pages; all written,
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making Jin to $39 per day:
no experience necessary; liberal terms: .0
days' credit; price low; freight paid: outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union. 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
CATALOGUE of war emblems, flags, etc.. fre*.
L. N. CIISHMAN. 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
AGENTS wanted; new useful article: no com-
petitlon. Call 2 to 4. BELL. 20S Jones st.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $300 in centrally lo-
cated restaurant. Box 4565. Call Office. f
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel •avl< 71
ROOMS AM) BOARD WASTED.
WANTED, by young lady, room and board In
quiet private family; location between Seven-
teenth art Twenty- fourth, Howard and
Church. Eox 4'", Call.
ROOMS "WANTED.
3 FURNISHED rooms wanted (double) for
brokers and bankers' clerks. 1023 Market st.
4 FURNISHED rooms for light housekeeping;
will pay $40 up. Call 1023 Market st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED by Red Cross Society, at 16 Post st.
—Boxes of Nos. 16 and 30 white thread; flan-
. nel for bandages; patent buttons. ■
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis St.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. CAiyrMAV 41 Th!r.l.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post ■ st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. -
AY RES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way. Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing meeh. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; . a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
UNIQUE evening's entertainment for societies.
C. C. FOXTAXA, 24 Sixth: inrlors S ar.d 6.
SHORTHAND: to write 100 words a minute:
taught in one month; terms JlO. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, rhelan bdg.
DKNTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $": see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St. : telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists: painless, extraction;
teeth, per set. $5 up: gold tilling. 75c up: sll-
v»r, 25c up: old plates made over. $1 up: all
work warranted; op^n evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market St.. nr. llth:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates •< ade over like new; teeth
from "$S . per set: extracting DOc; pas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VA" VROOM BJeetro Dental Tartars: full set
of teeth $5 up; fillings. 25c up; alt work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ing^ 907 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR LL'ELLV COOI* '"i Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a s=p»cialty.
fi A TEAGUK, A. CANE and F. TEAGT7E.
removed to Cail bldg.. tth floor, mis. 608-WT.
ALL wor- reaaonaole and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market at.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YorXG. IS4I P^lk at.
CARPET GMSANIHG*
CITY Steam Carpet-eleanir.^r Works: eleann.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you heaorne disgusted with poor work
■Mid to SPAX'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
B»atins Works, 353-.V7 Teh.ima st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Ftpvenson st.. tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3l- per yard; relald at 3c.
RTRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-CW-.ir.lnir
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
inir, alteration wks, 41" McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 234. GKO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKUN'B Carpet-Renting Works, 333 Golden
Cate ay*. ; tel. East 12K.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— B!cyc)<»: second hand; state price,
etc. Box 4CCI, Call.Bl SI\ESS CHANCES.
«350 SALOON; established many years and do-
Ing a liaily business of $12: 1 block from Hl-
bernia Haiik; a rare opening. See Vv'ILKE.
Market Bt
•ORNER grocery and bar; choicest loca-
tion In Western Addition; large stock; 5 bar-
rels whisky on hand; a first-class paying busl-
b w [LKE. 7^3 Market Bt.
\ ! [NG restaurant in city; es-
' . . k.'pt by owner the last 5
oms; t ln» very best business
laily receipts above $40. ln-
v, ;i.K.i-:. Tv; Market Bt.
STABLISHED saloon In choicest
ation, with building; long
% a flra 'ass paytne business;
engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
V iI.KK. 7>.t Market Bt.
first-class business; close to
- . k bargain. See WILKE.
- Market I
■ lONERY, notion and candy store;
t part of city; fine living rooms, includ-
ing business; best offer ever
this line; don't miss it. M. LESS,
Market st. •
| [GAR store i :i M;irk»>t St., In the heart
M. LESS, 76.". Market st.
t RKER saloon, on Montgomery St.; bll-
.:•- ing rooms; selling >>n ■
■: ilt-ath In lamily. M. LESS, 7tij
t ?t.
■ . ■ ' : \XT; few doors north of Mar- !
blished; receipts $2o to $30 i>er
a money-making place. M. LESS, 7t>o
-• -
ORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
In Western Addition; established 2<>
i; big bar trade; well worth $2r.o< ; selling
i tess. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market 3t.
REDO & CO.. Vp-to-date Brokers. 22V4
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
R-->ad house; daily receipts $60.
ner; well stocked.
S 760 — Corner grocery and bar; 4 lurhished
rooms.
$ 175 — Grocery and bar: give-away.
S -Plumbing and gasfittlng; Jl5O monthly.
Delicacy; tine corner, with living rms.
$ grin — H.->me bakery: 3 barrels dally; rooms.
Restaurant and furnished flat; $^'o flatly.
Restaurant & ruoming-house; bonanza.
$ 326— Barbershop; 4 chairs; jx. for larger.
$ 125— Dental parlors; good busin-
s 125 — Dressmaking; store and furnished run.
iiest shooting gallery; ci^ur stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
\N old established business clearing $200
to $300 a month: everything in first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUGH-
T.IN A CO.. 23 Kearny st.
EASTERN city property for exchange for busi-
ness. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
$2600— SALOON, country mining town: 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
ERY Btore for sale; established business
years; does $4000 monthly business on a
$5000 stock.
Livery stable for sale; carriages, buggies,
hacks and horses: good paying business;
terms to suit; price. $6000.
Variety store for sale; good stock: will sell
at invoice price- a bargain: particulars.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner budding.
RNER nocery and bar; TTlthout
doubt one ol the best business corners.
$2f>0 — Partner wanted: commission business.
$30i.i— Saloon; old-established; good corner.
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON &. CO., 777 Market.
$250— FOR sale at a great bargain on account of
•.e ?s . a photograph building, in
new carpets, show c^ses, etc., In a. prosperous
country town; no opposition. Further par-
ira address L. E. BOriTWICK, Sacra-
mento. Cal.
for an honest, energetic, capable man.
a splendid opportunity; i:. I inves-
tigation; clean, money-making trade for a
me; established business; no trillers. Ad-
dress box 4C,r,0. Call office.
A RARE bargain— The original Grotto corner
of Seventh and Market sts. In the Odd Fel-
lows' building for s;i!e oi t of dis-
agreement among partners; no reasonable offer
refused.
JMO— PARTNER » ted to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to 525 a week: UUI
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third s-t..
room 1, from 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Partner with $200 capital for newly
Invented machine; very useful thing. Apply
J. JOHNSON, 741 Minna. St., from 10 a. m.
to 3 p.m. __^_____
arket. Including refrig-
erator; trade of about $500 given away, ac-
.■ parture. 1022 Saa I'ablo aye., Oak-
land.
■ paying restaurant fur sale: located in
the best manufacturing part of the city. In-
t Mode I Lodffi I
■ ■ hance not to be
. good location; 4W Va-
r Sixteenth; l~ss than invoice price.
purchase the Nickel Saloon, stock,
fittings, fixtures, pianoforte. 13u Seventh St.,
:'fice site.
KINK milk I •' X 2 routes In Ala-
me.ia., < !•.!!'. Bos 95, Call office. Oakland.
• , lass drug store; good loca-
easy terms. Box 4551, Call office.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
1176— CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
NE. cor. Fifth and Clara sts.
F''R SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
FOR sale — Saloon; sickness cause of selling.
St., near Pustoflice^
jelicacy store for sale cheap.
MRS. DAVIS, 1505 Buchanan et.
GOOD paying country barber shop; cheap for
cash. Inquire Call Office.
SHOP for sale cheap on account of
sickness; must be sold. Address 444 Ch<
HER wanted: good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st.
-ALE— Two-chair barber shop; price $iO.
122 Golden Gate aye.
WELL paying cigar store for sale: good rea-
for selling. Inquire at 42S Montgomery
et. ; no agents.
FOR sale— Two chair barber shop cheap. Ap-
ply 1113 A Folsom St.
BARBER shop, central location, clearing over
$20 a week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4".61. Call
$600— HOME cooking and delicatessen business
with an established trade; well located; low i
rent; living rooms and every convenience; to ;
a good cook this place offers a 6mall fortune.
Box 4576, Call office.
GROCERY and bar cheap on account of other
'stablished corner. Box 4F.57. Call.
FINE corner saloon; 4 nice living rooms; rent
$20; selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth st.
ACTIVE middle-aged man of business expe-
rience with s^me capital and his services,
wishes to go in some legitimate established
business. Address box 4617. Call office.
FOR SALE — Stock and fixtures branch bakery,
confectionery, notions and newspaper agency;
i living rooms; rent $7; price $125. J. P.
JOHNSTON &. CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
TO rent, cheap, old-established barber shop,
with living rooms. fc©3 Bryant bt., between
Blxth and Seventh.
¥aLOON in manufacturing district; good
chance for right party; cheap rent; must be
sold- good reason for selling. Apply to DON-
NELLY & BKA-NNAN, corner Seventh and
Mission sts.
HOTEL for sale — 26 rooms, furnished; cost
$«000 11 years ago; now asking $2200. Call at
2:6 Third St.. get terms and make offer at
once.
M'RANT; bargain; receipts $40 to $50 per
<iay; rent $22 V): must Bell; disagreement of
r.nnners; a chance of a lifetime. 207 Becond.
SALOON and lunchhnuse wants partner with
$200 cash; good business: no agents; call and
8288 Mission st.. near carhouse.
i>H sa!», a grocery and bar. For parti-
tulars call at "Washington Brewery.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $2600 and $1250. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; best location In Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D-, box 4,
Call, Oakland.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIKP.CK. Ban
BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
\\\ CAPWKr.I. .t- '-O.S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 610
Market st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
PIERCE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
IB Sixth st.. open evenings.
TRI'NKS 25c a mo.; other goodu at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 630 Jones; tel. Slitter 441.
SEWING MACHINES.
V monthly— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
re;jaiii:m, lowest rates. 203 Fourth a*
LODGING » jUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. up to date Brokers, 22V4
Geary st.
285 rooms; clears $400 monthly $5000
105 rooms; elegant; net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best in city 2500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
30 rooms: Kearny; elegant offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain 1550
22 rooms; Powell; transient; fine 1600
21 rooms; corner Market: clears $100 900
20 rooms; Kearny at.; corner; clears $75... 1000
17 rooms; Powell: all steady roomers 700
IS rooms; clears $40 monthly "<»
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800
6-room flat: Ellis st. free rent 2aO
Hundred of others at your own price.
A— $?.sO— lo ROOMS- central; coziest little tran-
sient house; O'Farrell St.; clears 575. KREDO
& CO. __________
A- J2KO— 42 ROOMS: central corner; clears $150;
exchange for house and lot across the bay.
KREDO & CO., 224 Geary St., room 29.
$1200; 4S-ROOM house, clearing about $125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket st. WILKE, 783 Market st :
9-ROOM house, all full, for sale cheap; solid
walnut. 505 Mason st. _
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' WELL furnished house. S rooms, for sale;
bargain. Inquire 226 A McAllister st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS — » are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
I gate and approve this method. Prices are the
i Fame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
: in good second-hand uprights upon same easy ,
; payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and ,
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oak and. ______
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CEASE'S.
i 26 2S and ?0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs I
and -•' other musical instruments of all
i prades and prl< Terms easy: prices low- !
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer
CLARK, WISE &■ CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st.. agents Conover. Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited. j
"CROWN" piano is the greatest yet made;
free concerts this week at Fresno \a.\leio.
Napa. IK'S and 1223. Oakland, and at HUtK-
ETT BROS. & CO.'S. 230 Post st.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all P r T lc terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. (-LKIA/.
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell si., agents for the |
; Chickering nnd other piano*
i AEOLIAN organ with claviator and about 100
rolls of music for sale cheap; good condl- j
1 tion. Inquire 226 A McAllister st. _.
I ASTEINWAYpiano for $100: a Chickering for
590- examine list of bargains this week. THE
I F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
I SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briers and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 303. 310, 312 Post st.
NICE Emerson piano, $50; great snap. Room
12, Flood building.
I A— s3s- fine rosewood piano In perfect condi-
tion. 1381 Folsom st., corner Tenth.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos. to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS $100, $125. 1150: agency famous
| Halnes Bros! W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
$SS— ELEGANT walnut upright for sale; $10
down, $3 a month. 221 Leavenworth st.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert. Stein way.
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 213 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ei'.ls St.
NEW pianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A GOOD upright, v:ry cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hiber la Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Fajrell st.
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n- w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Litham place.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also waijons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 22" Valencia st. T. P. NKWELL.
AVAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
Been at O'BRIEN & SONS'. Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
ErECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fire top and opea
■ buggy; also 1 back. 828 Harrison st.
615 LARKIN— office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, " privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2: cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN nakes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores
Etrength and vigor of organ unexcelled: ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance; low
fees- cure, $5: pills, $1: when others fail.
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye.. near
McAllister st.
NEW process: a great progress in medical
-'lence for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used: restores In one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; away, disgrace:
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. ; pills and capsules, $1.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1:
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
I>R. GWYKR, 226 Turk St.. nr. Leßvenworth.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfot«: best care and attendance; terms
I moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanrtarium, 307 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V.: diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Sejraro; price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
tc .stamp for particulars to Scguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
femaie troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. : pri-
vate home in confinement: competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 8-4, 7-8. 2205V4 Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St., takes ladles
at her home in their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister at.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edlos; 38 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
LOST.
STRAYED or stolen from the premises, 1103
Shotwell. cor. 25th Bt., Sunday night. May
22, a pale red milk cow; finder will please
notify the above number.
LOST— Sunday, In Western Addition, a medal
with name engraved, J. VOSS. Please re-
turn 2236 Bush et. ; reward.
$125 REWARD— Lost, at Holdiers' camp, Bay
District, Saturday, purse containing dia-
mond, jewelry, etc. Return to WISE, 9
Montgomery st. ; no questions asked.
LOST— In Presidio, a black sunshade. Please
return to 626 Locust aye. ; reward.
LOST— A dog; white and yellow. Return to
Golden West Hotel, room 3: $T) reward.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER* CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send for xample work.
SCOTT & BAKNAN, 333 Montgomery st.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — !
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery st. . ■ - t
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye , bet. Cal- i
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSES & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
HOUSE, 4 rooms and stable; attic; reasonable.
Inquire 820^ Jessie St., off Ninth.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— House. 9 "rooms, bath, i
Inquire of EASTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
0 Farrell st.
RESIDENCE with 12 rooms, partly furnished,
with about 2 acres of improved land, to let !
at low rent, In East Oakland, No. 1320 East
Fourteenth st., bet. 26th and 27th ayes. ; street ]
cars on East Fourteenth st. and station on |
broad gauge railroad within 10 minutes' walk;
1 hour from San Francisco. MADISON &
BURKE. -_
6 NEW elegant 2-story houses of 6 and 8 rooms,
basement; grand marine view; $3600 cash or
Installments; on Leavenworth. nr. Lombard, i
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3628 A —Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $S: rear cottage.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and floor of 3 rooms for I
housekeeping. 923 Shotwell st.
ELIZABETH, 626. near Furnished cot- j
tage; 4 rooms and bath; cheap; no children.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near j
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery. ;
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.'
_ _ mj^ i
A PARTY looking for a rooming-house 8 to 12
rooms, within lines of Sutter st. and Van
Ness aye., will buy the furnishings if a bar-
gain.
5-room house, bath, very nicely furnished,
including piano; a good location and good
neighborhood ...'. $25
S-room house, bath, elegantly furnished with
all modern conveniences; no better location
for a fine home; owner must go East at once,
and wants property cared for .$5O
A grand house of 15 rooms. 2 baths, 2
pianos, grandly furnished, carpets new, young
folks gone, too much care for old folks; a rare
chance •. . . . $100
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner building. ,
TAYLOR. Slo— Completely rumi:hed sunny !
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and ;
4 pm. ,:>;-■
] $45— Mcdern lower flat: S rooms, bath; piano.
Call from 10 to 2, 1808 Vallejo st.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, lv Montgomery st.
A SUNNY modern flat, 5 rooms, $18; 3 rooms,
$10. 1230 Broadway.
CALIFORNIA, 2.M0--2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; $17 50 and $16; basement flat. $9.
FULTON, 144— Fine middle flat; 6 rooms; bath;
modern; $30: near City Hall.
FLAT to let; 5 sunny rooms, bath, basement,
. 1 ; rent reasonable. 134 Page st.
GROVE. 145. near City Hall— Elegant top flat,
5 rooms; bath.
GROVE. 729 A —Lower flat four light sunny
rooms ; bath.
HARTFORD. 129^— Furnished sunny four-
reom flat: modern improvements; $20.
HAVES, 825— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement; $25.
HYDE, '-■''-, between Turk and Eddy— Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
t ly HI Liberty st.
FINE, 1225. mar Hyde— 2 flats In first-class or-
der; rent $1C and $19.
SANCHEZ, 459. corner Eighteenth— Flat of 5
i rooms and bath: $12.
SACRAMENTO. 3397-Nlce flat 8 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; rent $27 50.
SUNNY flat with S rooms and bath at reason-
able rent. 6K r . McAllister st. Key at bakery.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and hath: accommoda-
tions for 2 families. 733 Stevenson st.
TWENTY-NINTH. 442. near Noe— Flat; 5
rooms and bath ; $12.
5-ROOM flat; unfurnished; bath; very nice. .$l5
I 8-room flat; unfurnished; hath; very nice.. SO
j 8-room flat: unfurnished; bath; very nice.. 42
in flat: unfurnished: bath: very nice.. Bfl
I THE REYNOLDS CO., 401 Examiner building.
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The CaJl. Subscrip-
tions and want nds taken.
FIRMSIIIOIi FLATS.
LBAVENWORTH, RU 4 rooms, furnished;
bath: suitable for young couple; no children;
references : $16.
MONTGOMI RY, 1402 Flat 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $'j i>er month: key 423 Dupont.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKKKPIHG.
EDDY, 617—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping: range.
EDDY, 917 — Very desirable housekeeping rooms;
gas range; bath; garden; private; splendid
location.
EIGHTH, 84— Large furnished housekeeping
sunny room; kitchen; hot and cold water;
bath.
EIGHTH, 246— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
from $6 up.
FIFTH, 42sij(— 2 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping;; wuu-r in kitchen.
FIFTH. ;:.".::. formerly 325— Furnished honsekeep-
Ing; 2 parlors; kitchen; huth; fJL'; also 1, $7.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FULTON, 116— Two large rooms for housekeep-
ing; also single room; sunny; cheap.
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable moms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny rooms, bay-
window; furnished for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 618 — 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms, 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
HOWARD, r.2s— Large front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $14; 3 rooms, $10.
McALI.ISTKR. 340—2 sunny furnished rooms
fur housekeeping.
McAllister, 402, comer poik— two nicely
furnished front rooms; housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
MINNA, 111 1 ,™ — Furnished housekeeping room;
$1 50 per week; laundry accommodations.
MISSION, .'-39— Largo sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping, $2 a woek.
MISSION, 1063 — Two large sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; no objection children.
MISSION, 925% — Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
NATOMA, 645 — Three sunny furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping; rent $12 month.
NOE, 151 — Nicely furnished, two sunny bay-
window rooms; gas range; bath; grat»; $12.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Goary — Sunny bay-
window, dining and kitchen; single or en
suite.
TURK, 543 — Large front rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS, 1021, nr. Geary st. — Front sunny
suite, $22 50; one suite for $15; gas range.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Ca«».
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2ic; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
tn every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas? very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; gaa; elevator; very central.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
EDDY 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable^
ElGHTk7loB^PleaBant sunny rooms, $1 25 per
week and up.
ELI. IS. 227— Large, double room for two
gentlemen; running water; $lo per month.
ELLIS, 327— An elegantly furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
ELLIS, 720— Large sunny unfurnished room.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 SO to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 704— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms to let cheap; also housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM, 766%— Nicely furnished rooms to let,
$4 and $5; all conveniences.
GEARY, 656, formerly 518— Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, elnxle and double rooms; also
housekeeping. j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
! GEARY, 622— Elegant front sunny bay-window
parlors; also other rooms; bath, gas.
! GLOBE House., 821 Howard— Per night, 23c to
! $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GUERRERO, 1152— Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per^week.
I HOWARD, 959— A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nished front room. $5.
I JESSIE, 627— Large front room suitable for
two; also housekeeping.
MARKET, 1211, near Sixth (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms, $1 50 to $6 per week; tran-
sient.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3; suites,
! $4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON. 413, opposite Native Sons' Hall— Nice-
ly furnished parlors and roi.ms; reasonable.
MASON, 505— Sunny bay window suite; no
stairs; private family; elegantly furnished.
! MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2: $10 month.
] MISSION. 1515H— Large sunny room; suitable
two men or married couple; bath; gas.
' MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
! O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
1 O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; sunny single room, $7.
' PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwfse.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL. 509— Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; also housekeeping rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 124— SlnKl^ and double rooms. $1 50
week up; complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
STOCKTON, 304. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny suite, suit, man and wife; also single.
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms: single
or en suite; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TURK. 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms: also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
TAYLOR, 109 — Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds. $10: sunny single room. $1 50.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice large sun.^y
rooms: kitchen if desired: very cheap.
VAN NESS aye.. SOS- Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
ROOMS A..D nOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new. cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius. 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
EDDT 626 tlrvingdale)— Lovely rooms; select
table; nice locntn; suits. $4« up; single, $20 up.
ELLIS, BlS— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board : $20 per month.
F'M.SOM. Ml -Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table "board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
BUTTER Ll28 — Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THn Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. 80S— Beautiful sunny rooms:
modern: newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
A RELIABLE lady would like infant, Or 1 or
2 children, to board, having her own cow.
Call 339 Jessie Bt.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; terms
reasonable; near school. 51 Clara st.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's enre; references. 234>» Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store: 4 rooms and stable: rent $15:
22d-st. cars pasa the d"or 3>>ol Twenty-fourth
ft., corner of Vicksburg.
S'!'<>Ki: and three living rooms; rent $10. 2343
Ml-sion st.
STORE or factory, well lighted middle, all
over; 25x150 or part. 519 Howard st.
TO LEI -Corner store on OFarrell st.. suita-
ble for confectionery or bakery: oven, etc.;
rent reasonable. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vau't,
at CLARK & CCS., 224 Montgomery st.,
next the Mills building; (agents for the sani-
tary stills).
SIXTH, 43, corner Mission (Esmond House)—
3 rooms occupied by Dr. Henry Sylvester for
12 years as dental parlors; 4 rooms occupied
by Dr. M. Krotozyner. physician and sur-
geon, for 10 years.
FIXE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter st.,
corner Leavenwnrth.
PROPOSALS.
CAPITAL' BUnTDING, TERRironY' OF" "aRI-
ZONA.
PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS CALLED
FOR.
Notice Is hereby given that the Capful
Grounds and Building Commission of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona will receive and Inspect plans,
specifications and estimates of cost of a Capitol
building for the Territory of Arizona to be
erected on the Capitol grounds, being "tract
A." of the Capitol addition of lots to the City
of Phoenix, Arizona, at their office In Phoenix,
on the 20th day of July, 1898. at the hour of
10 o'clock a. m. of said date; the cost of said
building not to exceed the sum of $90,000.
At same time and place said Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission will meet
and open all bids and plans. and examine and
inspect all plans specifications and estimates
of cost for said proposed Capitol Building that
may Wo submitted to it, reserving the right to
modify any plans and specifications or to re-
ject any and all of the same.
Any one desiring to furnish plans, specifica-
tions and estimates of cost of said proposed
Capitol .building can obtain full particulars
by addressing H. B. St. Claire, secretary of
said commission.
Said plans and specifications advertised for
In this notice must be filed with said secretary
on or before 10 o'clock a. m., on the 20th day of
July, 1898.
This advertisement Is duly ordered by the
Capitol Grounds and Building Commission In
regular session at Phoenix, this 19th day of
May, 1898. I- N. BELL. President.
H. B. ST. CLAIHE. Secretary.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS9S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
' for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. ' '
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work.
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the Iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
, plastering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for th«.
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, fir
painting and varnishing. -■ ■
•No proposal will be - considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 pcr 1 cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con-
Eaoh . proposal must be . made on blanks
.furnished for that purpose, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond, Inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon ■ will be made on
June 24. 1898, at 10 o clock a, m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, In San Diego, Call-
' fornia. , _. _
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
' amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of paid build-
Ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
building. San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
' to reject any or all proposals made.
.State Normal School of San Diego, Call-
By "VV". R. GIT, President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT L-*W.
ADVICH free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
LAW of divorce; conscientious attorneys; $45
only; prompt; private. Room 41, 330 Pine at.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell." 18 pgs. : 676 gents; 423 ladies: no ?5
fee. EDITOR, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
BUSINESS 1 ERSOXAL.S.
FOR SALE— select halrdresslng and mani-
cure parlors must be sold; owner leaving
town; doing a remarkable business.. Apply
MRS. TOBINS. 212 Post st.
COSTLESS clothes— Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
NO extra charge for dressing your hair in the
very latest style; price 25c only; good
switches. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
2:c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 p»r._ week;
free bus and baggage to and from thtJMrry.
DRESSMAKING— Ladies' and children's suits
made at reduced rates. 85 Ninth st. ■
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON. masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. &79 Geary st.
QUINONIA is the most perfect hair tonic
made; try it. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for !}1 50, • postage
free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses.
10 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy at., rm. 81
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 91C Market St. ■
» CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: she
' will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recover* lost, |
stolen or burie property: locates treasure,
minerals; tells your entire life rast, present ■
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours ;
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar- j
anteed by mall, r>nd stamp for circular with
special terms. MR.v DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
Yorß future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
2r,c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future: 2.'c. US Sixth st.. room 10.
MME, MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth St.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room J.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle tc gray: future hus-
band's picture, 2."c: ladles. 911 CFarrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in h*r pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 111 Larkln »t.. People's Spiritual Society. S
o'clock sharp. Mr. George Sawkins of Aus-
tralia will lecture; convincing tests by good
talent; free.
Ml IS. FULTON TULET. seances Wednesday
and Friday evenings: sittings. 1T.13 Geary st.
HI SIE REYNOLDS, materializing, developing;
Wednesday evening. 322 OFarrell. 25 cts.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant; card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-6, 878 Geary.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
Epiritua' sittings 120 McAllister; tel. Jessie,3.'S.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 91H4 Mission st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123 1 * Sixth St., room 2.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing mte
dlum. 118 Halght St. w
PALMISTRY.
CHARACTER described BMld 25c (stamps)
and date of hirth to "Astro," box 4599. Call.
MilS. CHANDLER; readings Tues.. Thurs..
Sat. at hall. 30.' Larkln St.; Hon.. Wed.. Fri.
residence. 353 Geary St.
• ' . HYPNOTISM »
CAL. Institute, 402W Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. 'Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
" NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry: all business
Ftrlctly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLOAN. 24 Montgomery, st., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market St. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no . commission; $2"i up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
$100 000 TO loan on Income city property: $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. SOS California st.
: $50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gage?, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates: no com.: prlvnt*. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
! MODFRN residence wanted: 7 .to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Hetfhtß: cn S not .to exceed %vnfK);
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS m real estat*. bonds, etc: lowest
rates McAFEE PROP.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN ark anchored at Alameda boathouse, Chest-
nut St., Alameda, in good condition; will ac-
commodate eight persons: sealed tenders re-
ceived to May 30. Add. John Elder, Alameda.
APK to see the $9 diamond s»tud; ask to see the
$16 diamond stud. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
2 P \FES for sale cheap at 13S Montgomery
Bt. Apply MADISON ft BTTRKB, 62« Market.
A XO 1 frpsh rnw: rich milk; 24 quarts per
day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
DONKfiT for sale; tame for children. Apply
Twenty-first and Douglass sts.
BAR outfits, store fixtures. scales, etc., second-
hand; selling nt cost. 868 Folsom. nr. Filth.
FOR Sale — Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
GUNST & CO.. 203 Kearny st.
$67 BO— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
$1M 50— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE,
514, 618, 518 Mission St.
G\S fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st^
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
"physicians.
DR C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 5/a.rket; diseases of women a specialty, j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
No. 31 — Fine 437-acre stock and wood rancl
to exchange for city property.
No. 85— First-class fruit and grain ranch: 3
acres in fruit; all tools and team included t.
exchange for city property.
WANTED— BARGAIN— CASH.
Berkeley residence, under $6000; also und*:
$1200; lot at a big bargain: Berkeley or Ala-
nieda residence In exchange for fine lenioi
orchard in bearing at San Diego, worth $460G
For sale (San Francisco), elegant home, Cen-
tral aye., near Hayes st., 7 rooms, bath, ham
dry: interior finish splendid; all latest moder:
improvements; cost $7000;. offer wanted.
Ranch for sale, 152 acres, 3 miles from Napa
all fenced: house of 5 rooms, barn, orchard
would make tlnest chicken ranch in State:
giving it away for $1250.
Stock ranch, 2C71 acres. Rush with feed and
water, 2'^ miles from the Southern Pacific rail-
road; good farm house, large barn room; snap.
$7 per acre.
We will list free of charge in our Real Estat-
and Mining Review all ranch properties placed
in our hands.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY,
Rooms 403-^4, Examiner Building.
COIXTRV REAL ESTATE.
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch; milk
route; 25 cows; 70 acres; adjoining Vallejo;
good opening for industrious family man with
some money. Address at once box 4554, Call.
THE best general ranch in California; 455
acres; two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
hay land; improvements cost $13,000; a snap to
the right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
SMALL well improved ranch near to town; a
bargain for cash; must sell. Box 4650, Call.
WHITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND NOISES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage, 5 rooms .......$l7
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 11
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house II
Choice sunny 8-room house 2!
10-room residence, fine 60
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale in Fruit-
vale. Oakland. ." rooms and lot M:2-3xlnO, with
flowers and fruit galore; street sewered: price
to be fixed by buypr: owner is East and
must have money: MM all that Is required
at present: this Is a r.ire opportunity. WM.
M DeWOLF, MM Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND 1 I RMSIIF.D HOUSES.
FURNISHED— For rent at Piedmont; comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath; large
and very attractive grounds, stable, etc.:
rent for a term of months or a year: rental
moderate and includes rare of ground*: also
cow If desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL furnished cottage: Adeline sta-
tion; for 2 months from .Tune 15; rent $30; at
home mornings. 100S Tenth rt.
CHESTNTT, 2^2?.— New 8-room cottage; neatly
furnished; piano; $30.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
UNFI'R. rms to rent Abrahamson bldg., S. E.
cor. 13th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND DOARD.
ELEGANT sunny Fuite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. Sfi? Eirhth «t.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SAMO.
FURNITT'RE and household roods this week.
POHFT.LHAAS' old store. 405 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMIDA ADvLKIIMiMEiMj.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park St., lot 50x140, modern
cottage, 5 rooms and bath. $22<Ki; $1700 can
remain flat or installments at 7V4 per cent;
make offer. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $160 to $•
week: convenient ~nd respectable: fra* 'bus
and "mee-nee to and from f er ■?.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
$20 — fi rooms of furnishPd cottage to let at
once for 3 months: piano. 1178 Park st., Ala-
medn; no young children.
TO let— Fine 6-room house; good location; $16.
J. M. YOPNG, 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED property across the bay; sell
cheap or exchange. See ISAACS, 409 O'Far-
relt st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations In-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
Bent of the stockholders holding more than
th ree -f O urths in value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided, did. on the 14th day of April, A. D.
189S amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and ntyle of tha
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT.
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
San Francisco, Cal., May 8. IS9B.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
/
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows!
N. P. Hirsch and Karoline H. Jensen, 28 — 19.
Soren J. Sorensen and Annie Parker, 33 — 25.
Charles S. Tilton and Lizzie Jones, 28—18.
Albert B. McKee and Alice M. Hooper, 35—24.
R. W. McDade and Katie Carstensen, 2S— 2l.
W. r. Murphy and Catherine de Witt, 27—23.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be end rsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same uubllshed.
lIORN.
DWYER— In this city, May 9, 1898, to the wife
of George A. Dwyer, a daughter.
GILBERT— In Pomona, May 18, IS9B, to the
wife of C. S. Gilbert, a son.
LEIDY— In Big Pine, May 18, IS9B, to the wife
of G. W. Leldy. a daughter.
NAFTALY— In this city. May 17. IS9S, to the
wife of Morris Nafta ly, a daughter.
SQT'IRES— In South San Francisco, May 24,
18S8, to the wife of Fred R. Squires, a son.
VINE— In Grass Valley, May 19, IS9B, to the
wife of William Vine, a eon.
MARRIED.
HARRJE— CAMPE— In this city. May 21. 1898.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. John H. Harrje
and Catherine Campe.
LANGTON— LOWELL— In this city, May 23,
IS9S, at St. Stephen's Church, by the Rev.
Edgar J. Lion, Calvin N. Langton and Maud
Lowell, both of San Francisco.
MAERTINS— OHM— In this city. May 22, IS9B.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Richard A. Maer-
tlns and Marie C. Ohm.
POOL— MEYERDERKS— In this city, April 26,
1898, by the Rev. E. A. Woods. D.D.. William
L. Pool and Emma D. Meyerderks, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Albright, Mrs. Ettle Juth, Elias
Bauer. John C. Keily, Nellie E.
Brown, George D. Koch, Caspar
Buchi, Jacob Krleger, Mata
Cabezut. Mrs. Maria McCarty, James F.
Chase. Jacob S. McKer.ney. Mary E.
Cox, Stephen Martin, James C.
Dana. William C. Miller. Emile
Downey, Timothy J. Nathan, Samuel S.
Egan. Mary A. Rehm. Elizabeth
Foster, J. S. Rico. Francisco
Frates. Joseph Schwarz. Charles
Farrell. Irene Small. Mary L.
Fuller, Mary E. Stafford. Henry E.
Greenwood. Annie E. Swain, Rlnaldo R.
Hancock. Paul Weber, Marie E.
Harris. Sarah F. Welsh. William P.
Healy. Jane Winthar, Carrie W.
Hinkle, Arabella
ALBRIGHT— Near Arroyo Grande, May 15
1898. Mrs. Ettie May Albright, a native of
South Grove. Dekalb County, 111., aged 21
years 8 months and 3 days.
BAUER— In Victoria, B. C, May 21. :S9B. John
Christian, beloved husband of Carrie Bauer,
and father of George W.. C. J. and Carrie
Bauer, a native of Wurtemberg:, Germany,
ageil 62 years and 6 months.
H_7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held at 2
o'clock sharp under the auspices of Her-
mann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M. Qermanla
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., Arion Gesang and
San Francisco Tnrn Vereln. Freie Deutsche
Gemeinde and Schwaben Verein are respect-
fully Invited to attend. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, cremation.
BROWN— In East Oakland, May 24. 1898,
George D. t son of George L.. tnd Mary
Brown, a native of Oakland, aged 2 years
and 7 months.
SUCHI— In this city. May 24, 1898. Jacob
Buchl, a native of Germany, aged 52 years 8
months and 10 days.
JABEZUT— In Sonora. May 17. 1898, Mrs. Ma-
ria T. Cabezut, a native of Mexico, aged SO
years.
■HASE-In this city. May 24, 1898, Jacob S.,
■ only and beloved son of James t». Chase Jr.
and Esta A. Chase, and grandson of J. G.
and Ellen Chase, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years and 10 months.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 oTlock, from the residence
of his grandparents. 2109 Larkin street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COX— In this city. May 21. 189S, Stephen Cox,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 53 years.
[T7"The funeral- will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the par
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church. In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANA— In Los Alamos, May 20. 189S, William
C. Dana of Nipomo. San Luis Obispo County.
a native of Santa Barbara, Cal., aged 62
years and 14 days.
DOWNEY— In this city. May 24, 1898. Timothy
J., beloved son of Carrie and the late Tim-
othy Downey, brother of George Downey,
and nephew of Mrs. P. Connolly, Mrs. A.
Grazer and Henry and George Frederickson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3
months and 8 days. - ,'r .•■:
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his mother
residence. 3294 Folsom street, near Twenty-
eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EG AN— Near Arroyo Grande, May 19. 1898,
Mary Agnes Esran, a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, aged 27 years.
FOSTER— In Sacramento. May 18. IS9B, J. 8.
Foster, father of Mrs. P. H. McGrath. a na-
tive of New York, aged 62 years 6 months
and 3 days.
FRATES— In Carmel, May 15, IS9S. Joseph
Frates. a native of California, aged 14 years.
FARRELL— In this city. May 24 1898, Irene,
beloved wife of James Farrell, and mother
of Thomas, Eliza, Irene and James Far-
rell, a native of New York City, aged 42 years
2 months and S days. (New York papers
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 526 Alabama street, between Solano
and Maripopa. thence to St. Charles Borro- ,
meo Church, where a sofemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
FULLER —In Oakland, May 24. 1898. Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of John S. Fuller, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 46 years.
GREENWOOD— this city. May 24, 1898.
Annie Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of J. T.
Greenwood, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years 9 months and 1 day.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1214 Green street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. •
HANCOCK— In this city. May 23. , 1898. Paul,
beloved son of the late John and Mary F.
Hancock, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
! CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city. May 23. IS9B. Sarah F.
Harris, a native of New York, aged 72 years.
HEALY— In this city, May 24, 1898. Jane Healy.
mother of Mrs. John Lembke. and grand-
mother of Grace Virginia Lembke. a natlvi
of County Kildare. Ireland, aged 70 years.
1 Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
HINKLE— this city. May 24. 1898, Arabella,
wife of J. B. Hinkle, formerly of Petaluma. a
native of Ohio, aged £7 years 1 month and 15
days.
JUTH— In San Jose, May IS, 189S, Ellas, be-
loved husband of Anna Juth. a native of Fin-
land, axed, aged 61 yeara 1 month, and 24
days.
KKILY— Tn this city, May 24, IS9S. Nellie E..
dearly beloved wife of Denis J. Keily, lovlnf
mother of Bernice Keily, dearly beloved
daughter of the late John and Margaret
Haley, and sister of M. J., J. M., W. H.,
J. L. and Libbie Haley, Mrs. M. J. Barradas
and Mrs. M. A. Shelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (St. Louis, New York and Jefferson-
ville, Ind., papers please copy.)
tt^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lats
residence, 239 Dore street, off Harrison,
between Ninth and Tenth streets, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOCH— In Grnveland. May 16. IS9S, Caspar
Koch, a native of Germany, aged 72 years.
KRIEGER— In Finole. May 23. 1898, Mata.
wife of William Krieger, a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years.
K7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 9 o'clock, from her lat-*
residence, thenci to San Pablo Baptist Church
for services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
McCARTY— At Presidio reservation, May 23,
IS9B, James F., beloved son of Frank J. and
Elizabeth McCarty, and brother of Mamie L..
John J., William P. and Frank McCarty, a
lieutenant of Company O, League of th»
Cross Cadets, and sergeant of Campany D.
First Infantry. California Volunteers, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 22 years 3
months and 7 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from Old St. Mary's College
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Remains at Old St.
Mary's College Hall. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
McKENNEY— In this city. May 23. IS9B. Mary
E., beloved daughter of the late Johanna
McKenney, and sister of Julia, Annie. John
and the late Michael McKenney, a native of
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1 Sheridan street, between Ninth
and Tenth, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Oakland, May 24, 1898, James «C.
Martin, beloved father of Harold L. Martin
and Mrs. James S. Jenks, a native of Illi-
nois, aged 58 years.
CTFuneral service* to-morro-w (Thursday),
at 1 o'clock, at the family residence, 484 Pros-
pect avenue, Oakland. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In this city. May 24, IS9S, Emils.
beloved husband of Mrs. Louisa Miller, and
stepfather of Mrs. Charles Joseph and Mrs.
William Frcser, a native of Germany, aged
68 years 3 months and 24 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of .T. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
NATHAN— In Sacramento, May 19, 1898, Sam-
uel S. Nathan, a native of Germany, aged 61
years 2 months and 4 days.
REHM— In this city, May 22. 189S, Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Rehm, dearly
beloved mother of Michael Rehm, Mrs.
Charles Gantner and Jacob, Christopher,
Catharina, Elizabeth and Clara Rehm. and
sister of Carl, Michael and Jacob Lutz and
Mrs. William Roller, a native of Grenstadt,
Rheinpfala. Germany, aged 45 years 9 months
and 14 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
(T7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2307 Taylor street, near Francisco.
RICO— In Monterey, May 19, IS9B. Francisco
Rico, a native of Lagos, Mexico, aged 71
years 4 months and 9 days.
BCHWARZ— In this city. May 24, 1898. Charles,
beloved son of Louis and Nellie Schwarx, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 2217 Mason street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
STAFFORD— In Salinas, May 12. 1898, ' Henry
Kdwin Stafford, aged 44 years 6 months and
IS days.
SMALL— In Vallejo, May 24, 1898, Mary L...
eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. A.
Small, a native of Oakland, aged 12 years
B months and 4 days.
SWAIN— In Berkeley, May 22. IS9S. Rlnaldo
R., husband of Caroline S. Swain, and father
of Edward R., Charles W. and Frank A.
Swain, a native of New York, aged 78 years
and 8 months.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2000 Charming way. corner of Milvia
Ftreit, near Dwight-way station. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
WEBER— Near San Jose. May 21, 1W). Marie
E. Weber, a native of Mexico, aged 23 years
and 4 months.
WELSH— In this city. May 24, 1898, William
P. Welsh, beloved brother of Mrs. E. J.
Curry Mrs. O. T. Hildebrecht and Mrs. J.
H. O'Connor, a native of Santa Clara, aged
WINTHAR— In Oakland, May 23. IS9B, Carri*
W beloved wife of Thomas S. Winthar,
mother of Carl and Ernest Winthar, daughter
of Mr and Mrs. C. E. Peterson, and sister
of Mrs. M. E. Miller, Mrs. Nellie Brown and
■William, Tony, Cyrus and Eddie Peterson, a
native of Chicago, 111., aged 33 years and 4
months.
[Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery-.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 riTTH ST., Opp. Lincoln S9ao»l. I
. . Telephone, South 8a I .
m m^^^^^H^^?Avov!»ianaJrer^^^^^^^^|
McflVOY CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St., between Sth and ath. . •■■■.-■
Telephone. South 247. |
Estab. ISSB. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. :
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the as*
of our patrons. Rubber Urea on our ambulaas*.
1314
HAD THIS MAN
TWO WIVES AND
TWO FAMILIES?
Michael Qoss of This City Claimed
as a Husband by an Innocent
Maltese Lady.
Said to Have Had Children on Both Sides
of the Sea and to Have Acquired Prop
erty, Now a Bone of Contention.
This is the story of a man who !
had two wives and two families. One
family lived in San Francisco and
the other lived in Malta, and neither
family knew of the existence of the
other.
On February 5, of this year, Mich
ael Goss died in this city, and the
woman who for thirty-two years had
been his wife took out letters of ad
ministration on his estate.
Shortly afterwards the Malta wife,
who for forty-seven years had be
lieved her husband would return to
his native town, put in her claim to
the property through her attorneys,
Messrs. Cormac, Donohoe and Baum.
For the first time each wife learned
of the other, and it remains for the
law to disentangle the knots which !
Goss tied with so much finesse.
Neither doubted her husband's
honesty.
Forty-seven years aeo, at about the
time England took Malta under her wing,
there was a young widow living on the
island, who thus became a subject of
EVIDENCE OF HIS BIGAMY.
MICHAEL CASSA. Known in This Countru as Michae
Goss, and a Son of His Alleged Maltese Mar
riage, The Photographs From Which These
Portraits Are Made Have Been Offlciallu At
tested and Will Constitute an Important
Link in the Strange Contest of the Two Wives.
Great Britain, Rosa Baldiehtno by name. I
She was rich, as Maltese estimate j
wealth, and paid to her Intended husband j
as a dowry one hundred scudi on their ■
marriage. After the full benediction of |
the church had been pronounced upon the
young couple at the Church of the Im
maculate Conception of the Virgin Mary,
the young man signed a very strong con- I
tract to provide for the return of that j
dowry money out of any property he
mjght afterwards acquire.
The couple settled down In the little
town of Peregrini, Malta, where Mr. Goss
was known by his right name of Antonio |
Mlchaele Cassa. Goss prospered in bust- j
ness for three years and became ambitious
to make fortune faster. He decided to
come to America. With many fond em- i
braces he left his wife and three children. I
promising to correspond with them and
regularly send money for thei.: support.
At that time the civil war was just
breaking out In this country, and Goss,
with several of hie friends, were carried
away on a wave of patriotic enthusiasm
and enlisted In the navy. For a time he '
was Btationed on the lower Mississippi i
trying to run the blockade established i
there by the Southerners. When he went !
to enlist his knowledge of English did not
exceed the recruiting officer's knowledge
of Maltese spelling, so to make matters!
simpler for both the name was changed :
from Antonino Michaele Cassa to Michael j
Goss, and as Michael Goss he was known
till his death.
Gobs contracted "black fever," was In- i
vallded anc. honorably discharged.
Broken In health, he went to New York. :
All the money he could get together had j
been sent to his wife to help maintain her I
three little children— Giuseppe, Gluseppa
and Annunclata — and he was about to ■
r«turn to the old life in Malta when he !
became acquainted with a blue-eyed i
American girl living In Kew York with !
her rich old father. She, like himself was ]
a Roman Catholic. He did not tell her of <
the wife at home, but instead won her j
affection and made her his wife, as she
believed.
The priest. Father Brennan, too
thought everything was all right, for he
again gave Goss the full benediction of
the church, with his own blessing, at the
Church of St. James, in New York.
Goss could not rest in peace. He was \
restless and unhappy; maybe because the i
dark-eyed baby looked at him with the i
Barno eyes he knew before. Maybe the !
fight was still in his blood; anyway, he I
went into the navy a second time and
fought till the end of the war. Then. \
with his young wife and child, he came
to San Francisco. With the money she ;
had they bought the home they still live !
In. There six more children were born—
two have been married— and there Mi- i
chael Goss lay, for two years a paralytic, i
till his death.
He was cared for by his wife and
daughters during his long illness, and the
priest often visited him. He received the
full consolation of the church, but his j
fsecret was burled with him, along with I
the good he had done.
But "the evil that men do lives after
them," and now. in her old age, the young
girl who married him In New York knows
that she and her children have no hold
upon the property they have helped to
accumulate against this very time. It is j
a hard and grievous blow to her.
"]low could I know except what he told
me?" she said, in tolling her story. "My
husband's friends came here to the house
often when they came from Malta, but
they always spoke in Maltese, and I could
not understand them. They were always
pleasant to me. How could I know, even '
If, as some of them must have done, that
he had a woman In Malta?
"And Joe, who you say was his son i
Giuseppe and not his nephew, he always !
called me aunt and my husband uncle. ;
He lived in our family for two years, and j
the children all thought he was only their j
rousin. How could he do It — eating our ■
bread?"
Her daughter says the same. She Is a j
beautiful girl, with the black, straight
hair, arched eyebrows and great dark !
eyes of the East, which filled with tears \
is she spoke of her father so recently i
lead.
"How could be have been so wicked ;
when he was always so good to us? He
was so kind and good, and no one can say
ho was not. When I wont to the lawyer
to got the pension money which father
always has hail I was told that we could
not have It just now because mother had
other property. He must have known,
but he did not tell us It was, because he
knew this woman in Malta was "
Goss was a member of tho linn of Goss
& Villa, commission merchants, on Wash
ington street. When (.Joss went Into busi
ness with Mr. Villa It was necessary to
explain the check which went every
month to Mrs. Antonio Michaele Cassa,
and the secret was kept even when Giu
seppe, Goss' eldest son, came out to San
Franrisco.
During her husband's illness his Maltese
wife could not understand why he did not
return to his home, which ho had not &e?n
for forty years, or else allow her to come
to him. She wrote to Mr. Villa, who had
visited her when he went to Malta, and
asked if there was any reason for keep
ing her in Malta or if it were the money.
She wap anxious to send money for Goss
to return to her or else pay her own way
to him here in San Francisco.
Now she knows the reason why Goss
did not want her to come here. Ard r.h«
knows that the husband who had always
written regularly and sent money to her
and the children has all these years made
one excuse and another fcr their separa
tion because he could not leave the other
wife and family. His friends say, thousn,
thai he undoubtedly Intended to return to
Malta and his tirst family. When Mr.
! Goss died Mr. Villa went to the British
I Consul and told him the whole story.
"I don't want any trouble," he said, in
i speaking of the affair. "I know both
• wives and all the children. I went to
I the Consul because I wanted him to place
a valuation upon the business so there
could be no trouble about that."
Malta is so far away and proceedings
j are so slow that the letters of adminis
! tratlon on the estate have already been
i granted. The marriage certificate, the
! nuptial contract, all in quaint Latin and
Italian wording of fifty years ago, have
Just been received and outdate by a
number of years the marriage which
j Father Brennan recorded at the Church
I of St. Jami-s.
Michael Goss, who has lived In San
Francisco fur more than thirty years, was
well known at the British consulate,
where he was employed as interpreter, as
he spoke well Maltese. Arabic, Spanish,
! French, * Italian, Portugese, modern
Greek, Lingua Franca, the commercial
language of the southern seas, as well as
English.
He waa most useful to the Consul, and as
he had been so long In the country he
knew a great many men that It was often
; necessary to trace. He never forgot a
j name and when asked about a man he
I might only have known by name, would
be able to tell his full name and last ad
dress, though it might have been forty
years since ne had heard It.
Every one speaks well of Goss, who
was shrewd enough to keep his secrets to
himself.
What the outcome of the contest over
the estate will be is not known. When
Rosa Baldichino paid him her dowry he
signed in turn a strong contract whereby
the money was to be secured to her out
of any eptate he might be so fortunate
us to acquire, together with an Interest in
the property.
Besides, he gave her a few years ago
a general power of attorney In order to
dispose of certain property in Malta. Part
of the San Francisco property has been
kept In the American wife's name and
as It was purchased with the money she
had before her marriage she hopes to be
able to retain at least the home she has
had so long.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it fixes no limit to the salaries
of the superintendents, engineers,
surveyors, deputies, architects, etc.,
of the Board of Public Works, but
everywhere else in the charter par
ticular pains are taken to establish
maximums. Section 4 authorizes the
Mayor to approve the bonds of the
members of this board. Thus he will
become its ruler. He appoints it, re
moves it and approves its bonds.
CONFIRMATION AT
THE SYNAGOGUES.
Interesting Exercises to
Be Held on Friday
Morning.
Confirmation services will be held at
j the various synagogues on Friday morn
ing at 11 o'clock. The majority of those
who are to be confirmed will hold recep
tions at their respective homes at th>
; conclusion of the exercises.
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Fass announce the
| confirmation of their daughter Nettie at
; the Geary-street Temple on May SI. A
i reception will be held the same afternoon
; at their residence, 1238 Eddy street, be
i twwn the hours of 2 and 6 o'clock.
Miss Goldio Munter, daughter of Mr
I and Mrs. Henry Munter. will be confirmed
at the Synagogue Beth Israel, and will
; receive on Sunday afternoon. May 29, at
! the residence of her parents, 2651 Sacra
! mento street.
MUM Ruth, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. I.
i Adams, will be confirmed at the Temple
I Emanu-El on Friday, the 27th, and their
i son George will be barmltzvah at the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1898.
same temple on Saturday, the 28th. They
will receive at their home, 1625 Pine street,
on Sunday, the 29th, from 2 to 6 p. m.
The confirmation of Miss Leah, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. H. L. i'oung, will
take place Friday at the Taylor-street
Synagogue. They will be at home at
their residence, 801 O'Farrell street, Sun
day, May 29, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. William Baron announce
the confirmation of their son Edward at
the Geary-street Temple. A reception
will be held on Sunday night. May 29, at
the family residence, 119 Hermann street.
The confirmation of Carrie and Nathan
Ollnsky will take place at the Geary
street Temple on Friday, May 27.
Rose, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Keilus. will be confirmed on Friday at the
Geary-street Temple.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it provides that all officers
charged with the collection of public
money shall settle with the Treasurer
at the close of each business day.
Business days in all municipal offices
close at 5 p. m. The charter closes
the treasury at 4 p. m. (Section 14,
article 16.) The Treasurer is required
to give a receipt showing the hour at
which he receives money. How can
he do this if his office is closed before
the money is offered P
ENGLAND'S QUEEN
LOYALLY HONORED
[A DINNER CELEBRATES VIC
TORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
Almost All the Speeches Are Full of
Expressions of the Friendliest
Feeling for the United
States.
The usual anniversary dinner in honor
of the Queen of Great Britain was given
under the auspices of the British Benev
olent Society of California yesterday
night at the Occidental Hotel. William
Doxey, the president of the society, was
chairman, and about a hundred and
twenty-five loyal Britons were gathered
at the tables. After grace, offered by the
Rev. S. Hewitt Fullerton, M. A., the
menu was discussed. The first toast,
"The Queen," was proposed by William
Doxey in a few well chosen words, and
was drunk with enthusiasm to the tuna
of "God Save the Queen" sung in chorus.
"The President of the United States" was
then proposed by William Doxey, and
drunk to the tune of the "Star Spangled
Banner" sang in chorus. The toast of
'"The Land We Live In," proposed by
William Doxey, should have been re
sponded to ■ Henry E. Highton. but a
note of reg. , excusing that gentleman's
absence having been read, the response
was made by Mr. Bates, who delivered
the most rousing speech of the evening, |
full of expressions of the kindliest feel- '
ing for the United States. The toast j
was drunk to the tune of "Hail Colum
bia:" Then followed "Hearts of Oak."
sung by W. Balnav, who gave "John
Peel" as an encore. "The British Bo
nevolent Society" was proposed by Baron j
Jacobs and responded to by Dr. D'Kve
elyn. J. C. Hughes sang "The Gallants
of Knpland." and A. J. Wilkie the "Death
of Nelson." "The Marine Service" was
proposed by Captain McAllister, with re
sponse by Captain Metcalfe. After a few
more songs and toasts, "Auld Lang Syne"
brought the evening to a close.
Among those present were the follow
ing: Dr. A. H. Taylor, Dr. L. Chalde
cott, Dr. D'Eve.lyn, Dr. W. F. McNutt; i
Messrs. J. W. Kmpey Fane Sewell, L. i
Anderson, R. Raper, \\ . R. Brown, S. P.
Holden, J. H. Harbour, Henry Ward, J.
J. Theobald, J. 11. Punnett, P. Cramp, i.
H. iTardy, G. T. S. White. W. W. Tomlin
poh, J. J. R. Peel, R. B. Hogue, Alex B.
NVilberforce, W. B. Chapman, Walter '
Young, V. C. Drifileld, C. B. Sedgwicn, :
Vincent Neale, F. D. Brandon, J. C. !
Hughes, Baron Jacobs, Millbank. Hun
son, Keith, Watson, Barnell, Edgerley,
Murdock and Butler.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it forfeits the check of a bid
der, even though he may have made
an honest error in his bid. If a bid
der refuse to take a contract after
award "under no circumstances shall :
the certificate of deposit, or check, or
the proceeds thereof, be returned to
the defaulting bidder." (Section 2,
article 2, chapter 3.)
The Merchants' Association.
The annual meeting of the Merchants'
Association was held In Academy of Sci
ences Hall on Monday.
The report of the secretary of the as
sociation showed a balance In the treas
ury on May 1 of $2471 56, and a member- j
ship roll of 953 firms, repesentlng 20,000 '
employes. A good year's work has also
been done In the line of agitation for im- i
proved street lighting and sewerage. At- j
tention Is also being continually called to |
the value of the free waters of the bay |
for flushing sewers and sprinkling the
streets.
The following were elected directors for
the ensuing year: F. W. Dohrmann, A.
S. Baldwin, Wallace Bradford, Joseph
Brltton. Charles Bundschu, Joseph I).
Grant, Marshall Hale, Hugo D. Keil, Dan
iel V. Kelly, George Liehes. John E.
Qulr.n, Hugo Rothschild, W. R. Sherwood,
Vanderlynn Stow, Rolla V. Watt.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it provides that amendments
must be voted on at special elections.
(Article 3, section 22, chapter 1.)
This causes unnecessary expense
and deprives the masses of a chance
to vote. Experience shows that only
persons personally interested vote at
special elections.
Duty on Sugar.
Collector Jackson received yesterday a
circular from the Secretary of the Treas
ury reading as follows:
"Department circular No. 142 of Septem
ber 7, 1897, relative to assessment on esti
mated duties on sugars, is hereby supple
mented by adding to the schedule of
tests the corresponding rates of duty.
Beet root sugars, firsts: 94 degrees, 1.615
cents; beet root sugar?, seconds, 8-8 de
grees, 1.405 cents per pound.
Lee Poy Held to Answer.
Lee Poy was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Low
on a charge of assault to murder. In
$3000 bonds. February 25 he struck Choy
Yuen, a Chinese woman, twice on the
head with a hatchet in Ross alley, while
she was on her way home from the the
ater, nearly killing her. He was pur
sued for several blocks and captured by
Policeman T. F. Burke of the Chinatown
squad.
Vote against the new charter be
cause it provides for levying taxes
foE city and county purposes on or
before the last Monday in June. At
that time the tax rolls are not made
up. How can the levy be madeP
Caledonian Picnic.
The Caledonian Club will hold Its thirty
second annual gathering and games at
Shell Mound Park on Saturday next. The
committee of arrangements has prepared
a fine programme for the entertainment
of all who will attend. There will be con
tests for athletic prizes and for games
with gate prizes in addition. The Cale
donian Clubs of Stockton and Sacramento
will attend in a body.
Kicked by a Horse.
John A. Barry, an employe of the Amer
ican Carriage Company, was kicked by a
horse in the stable at 48 Eighth street
yesterday afternoon and had his left leg
broken. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
The San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
way Company's steamer Uklah will accompany
the volunteer fleet to the heads. Total re
ceipts will be donated to the Red Cross So
ciety. Fare 50 cents. Tickets on sale at Tl
buron ferry, foot of Market street, couple of
■hours before the departure of tke fleet.
YSAYE WITH US AGAIN.
The Celebrated Violinist in Pensive Mood,
YSATE'S first San Francisco audience, this second season of his, met the
great violinist enthusiastically. It applauded his entrance, after each num
ber it grave him recall after recall, and at the end of Guiraud's Rondo it
shouted "Hochs!" and "liravns!" till Tsnye reappeared and played his Sara
sate encore. Then its delight expressed itself in vivid red roses, at which the
Belgian giant with tho long black hair shook his talented finger and his head
till the aforesaid locks danced in sympathy with the Allegro Furioso of ht3
reproof.
The most charming 1 number of Tsaye's performance last night was the Vieux
temps Concerto. The exquisite purity of tone, the flawless smoothness of execu
tion, the vigor and delicacy of his bowing were all evidences of his mastery of
the most wonderful of musical Instruments. In playing this, Ysaye is at his
best; this and the Sarasate.. which San Francisco has never hoard more beau
tifully interpreted than through the medium of the great Belgian's violin.
Gerardy has a cello that was presented to him by his admirers in Paris. They
sent to London for this soulful instrument, and when you have heard the
young celloist play Popper's Tarantelie and Chopin's Nocturne you'll admit that
he deserves this $10,000 instrument to play tjpon.
Lachaumo's accompaniment to the cello in the Tarantelie and to the violin
in the Adagio of Vieuxtemps' Concerto was delightfully sympathetic. The rendi
tion of the Rubinstein Trio goes to prove that there are three artists at th«
Baldwin this week, instead of two; though it is Ysaye alone whose playing is
fluid sound, whose technical skill is beyond praise, and who can make plain
to his listeners what the violin was created for.
THE GOVERNMENT MAY
TAKE THEIR VESSELS.
MORE TROOP SHIPS ARE WANT-
ED TO GO TO MANILA.
Some of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Fleet May Be
Pressed Into Service.
The Paclfi> Coast Steamship Company
are living from day to day In fear and
trembling that the Government will call
upon some of its vesels to act as troop
ships. At the present time all their
steamers are rushed with business, and it
| would be a serious loss if they lost one of
I them. The Senator, due to-day, is doing
1 her best to reduce an accumulation of
10,000 tons of wheat at Tacoma, while the
Walla Walla, due on Saturday, is coming
1 down crowded with passengers and gen
i eral merchandise. All the vessels on the
; southern route are running under high
pressure. "Hut," said Captain Min<-r
Goodali yesterday, '"if Undo &im wants
the steamers, that ends it. Our waaits
count for nothing in a time of war."
\f. w;is a day for presentations on the
' water front yesterday. Dr. O'Brien
started the half rolling when Dr. William
son presented him with a valuable dia
mond ring, on the quarantine boat Gov
ernor Perkins. Next, Chief Wharfinger
Root was presented with a patent alarm
candle, that will burn to the hour that
I is set and then go off with a bang that
i would wake the dead. Last, but not least,
■ genial Fred Kaa.be received a present of
; a very handsome walking cane from his
■son Henry, now in the Klondike.. It is
made from native woods, and has an In
scription on it in Chinook, which Fred
has as yet been unable to decipher. The
handle is made from the ankle and hoof
of a reindeer, and the whole makes an
odd and handsome stick.
The Alaska-Yukon Company's new river
steamer James Eva had her trial yester
day and proved satisfactory in every
way. She will go under her own steam
to Dawson City, and will get away about
Friday next." The same company's
steamer J. W. Scammell will get away
about next Tuesday.
The Union Transportation Company and
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company (the rival Stockton lines)
are at outs aKain. The "U. T. C." thinks
the "C. N. and I. C." docks its steamers
in such a manner as to make it difficult
for its steamers to reach their berths.
The Harbor Commissioners have again
been requested to arbitrate In the matter.
The Alaska Commercial Company was
yesterday assigned a permanent berth at
section 4 of the seawall for its steamers
—St. Paul. Portland. Bertha and Dora.
J. C. Pascoe, agent for Government
charts issued by the United States Coast
and Geodetic Survey, has j«st received, a
very valuable set of maps of Alaska.
They take in the entire Territory, and
comprise the northeast, southeast, north
west and southwest sections.
The southwest section shows the loca
tion of Dyea and Skaguay and all the
approaches thereto; while the southwest
section takes In Copper River. The north
west section takes in St. Michael and
Kotzebue Sound and the approaches
thereto, while the northeast section cov
ers the entire Klondike region. Mr. Pas
coe has a full line of all these maps and
those who intend visiting Alaska should
supply themselves with a set. They will
be especially valuable to goldhunters and
explorers. ' . _
The Oceanic Steamship Company s Zea
landia arrived from Honolulu last even
ing. It was at first thought that she
would have to go in quarantine for the
night, but when the fact that the vessel
was wanted in a hurry to carry troops
to Manila *<vas explained to Dr. Matnew
son, the Federal quarantine officer, he
at once ordered steam got up on the
Sternberg and went out to the steamer
and granted her pratique.
The Zealandia was delayed by head
winds. She broufcht up the following
cabin passengers:
Mrs. Agnew. Miss Adair. Miss Mary Brooks.
Mrs. P. A. Uemts. W. P- Boyd. F. S. Hanks.
Miss F. A. Clarke. Miss L. Crocker, Judge and
Mrs. <"aldwell Miss Caldwell. Miss L. H. C ur
tls. Miss P. L. Curtis. C. D. Chase. T. A. Drls
coll. Mrs. J. M. DrtKCOtl, Mr. and Mrs. Drake,
Miss 8. F.mnu-H. Mrs. C. J. Flshel ami son.
George Ford. Mr. and Mrs. Galnes-Smith, Dr.
J. F. Gibbon. IfiMM Gibbon, C. H. Gorman.
Mr. and Mrs. X A. Hocknalt. Mr. and Mrs.
J. A. Hopper and child. Miss Hopper, T. K.
James, W. B. Jones, Mrs. J. K. Keller. Mr.
and Mrs. M. Loulsson. T. E. Levlngston and
child. Rev. F C M Limburg. Mrs. D. W.
McNlcoll and two children, Mra. C. J. McCax
thy and five children, N. E. May, Mrs. ■ Cora
Martin, . Mrs. F. M. Mason, Miss Mason. Mrs.
Captain Nichols, N. llankln. J. M. Bass. Mrs.
J. L,. Torb*rt Mid two children, E. Wlnshlp,
U. S. N. : Mrs. Tounar, A. G. i^anicley. A. H.
Brewer, Miss M F. Clark.
Mrs. Nichols is the wife of the captain
of the Bennington and she has come to
Kan Francisco in anticipation of her hus
band s ship being ordered to Manila.
Lieutenant Winsolp expects to be or
dered to cither the Monterey or Philadel
phia.
Vote against the new charter be
cause section 1, article 6, chapter 1,
provides that the Board of Public
Works shall consist of one Republi
can, one Democrat and one of some
other political party. This shows that
the charter makers looked upon the
board as a political body. In what
respect is it political?
A SYMPATHY WORKER.
How the Mission Besidents Are Being 1
Victimized by a Smooth
Talker.
Captain Qillen and the men under him
are more than anxious to make the ac
quaintance of a smooth talker who has
been plying his confidence game on the
residi atfl "f the Mission. The game
played by this new dodger is to go to
ihe residence of some well-known man
who he knows is not at home and to give
his name to the lady of the house, repre
senting that the head of the house In
structed him to call on his wife for a sum
of money, generally about $.". for the pur
poM of paying for some coal which he
had ordered.
Th<- last mean act perpetrated by him
was with B man named Campbell, resid
ing at :!."!'.»; Twentieth street, who was
in search of work, lit' called at his house
yesterday afternoon and told him that he
knew a man named J. C. Rldgway, at
<~t'i Douglass* street, that wanted a man
"to work for him. and as he had heard
that Campbell was in sparch of a job
he called to secure It for him. Suiting
this good and kindly mission he gave
Campbell a letter of introduction to Ridg
way, in which he vouched for his hon
esty and integrity as a faithful man.
This letter he signed "I. Denvon," and
after handing the letter to Campbell he
invited him out for a walk. After going
a few blocks he excused himself to his
friend for a few minutes and at once re
turned to Campbell's house and informed
Mrs. Campbell that he had ''ist loaned
her husband $20. and that on examining
his pockets he found he had forgotten
to place some small money therein, and
he needed just $3. of which he requested
a loan. Mrs. Campbell believing him,
gave him the amount asked for.
This and other similar acts were re
ported to Captain Gillen, and as a result
he has instructed his men to keep a sharp
lookout for I. Denvon, whose description
is given as being about 60 years of age.
r> feet 6 inches in height, weight about
165 pounds, gray hair, wearing a black
and white striped shirt, dark blue sack
coat, brown pantaloons and a soft black
hat.
ADVUBTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism Cure is" gimrr.ntei d to be absolutely
harmless, and a strong tonic in building up the weak
and deri'.litated. It cures Acute or inn- cular rheuma-
tism in from one to five days. Sharp, shooting j>uins
in any part of the body stopped in a few doses. A
prompt, completoand permanent euro fcrlnraenens,
soreness, stiff back and all pains in liips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lun.br.go or pain in
thobaok are speedily cured. It?r!doin falls to rlvo
relief from one to two doses, and almost invariably
cures before o:ie bottle has been rsed. The Munyon
Remedy Company prepare a rep.irate cure for each
disease. At all drucsists— 2s cents a vial. If you need
medical advice write Prof. Munyon, 1005 Arch
Street, Philadelphia. It is absolutely free. ',*/
'} Ql\ visit DR. JORDAN'S >«**
if&L Museum of Anatomy
I^MV ICSIUAIEETST.tet.6t!iA7th, B.f.CaL
i Sal The I.irgfstof itaklndin
lfjB&SL DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
UV « v Cv Conialtattea free.' Writ* for Beak ,
"-\V I WWjosophy of Marriage.
• H MAILCB mKS,
, ADVERTISEMENTS. __^
Ribbons!
-- - ijk By Pi ' IB U §M IX B I
Ribbons !
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK
OF •
900 pieces No, 40 TAFFETA MOIRE
RIBBON, extra heavu quanta and
. all pure silk, 40 different shades,
also black. Ribbon measures full
■ ' 3 inches in width.
Price, 150 Yard.
7
1400 pieces No. 60 TAFFETA MOIRE
RIBBON, extra heavu palitu
and all pure silk, 70 different
- shades, also creams and black,
Ribbon measures full 4 inches in
width.
Price, 2Oc Yard.
NOTE.- Commencing Monday, May
23d, we will offer our entire stock of ALL-
WOOL FRENCH PRINTED CHALLIES at
, 3 Tic per Yard.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Be posted on the aU-absorbing topic* of the timt*.
The Spaniard
in History.
NEW BOOK-JUST OUT!
Bt JAMES C. FERNALD. The dramatic etory
of the Spanish nation as it has appeared in over
four centuries of romance, Intrigue, oppression,
, deceit, and massacre. 12mo, cloth, 75 cents. \ \
PARTIAL CONTENTS.
Rise of the Spanish Monarchy.
Tho Conquest of Grenada.
The Inquisition.
Expulsion of Jews and Moors. -■"•* ■.-.* •
The Spaniard in the West Indies.
Tho Spaniard in Mexico and Peru.
The Spaniard in the Netherlands.
The Spaniard in the Philippines.
The Spaniard in Cuba.
The Spaniard on the Sea.
LARGE COLORED MAPS of Spain and Cubs,
each 14 2.21 inches in size.
Maj-Gen. 0. 0. Howard's Great Book
Isabella of Castile
2mo, cloth, illustrated. Price $1.50.
The History of America In Story Form.
The Columbian Historical Novels
Br John R. Mcsick. 12to1s. Profusely illustrated.
Send 10 cents for beautiful illustrated prospectus.
President William McKinlet says they are :
i "One of the most bountiful productions of the
American press 1 have ever seen."
The Best Condensed History of the War.
The Literary Digest
82 paces, illnctrated, weekly. $3.00 per year.
ALL THE PERIODICALS IN ONE. Sample
copy sent free to all who mention this paper.
Accurate Definitions of. all War Terms.
The Funk & Wagnalls
Standard Dictionary
" -Marque, " "Squadron," "Rear- Ad-
miral," "Torpedo boat," "Cruiser," "Battle ship,"
etc., etc., clearly explained, often with illustrations.
"The most complete and most satisfactory dic-
tionary published.' York Herald.
Send for Prospectus and ■ Terms.
FUNK & WAGNALLS CO., Pub., 30 Lafayette PI., V Y.
I
r«3?SA We Rent all Makes. few partly
pS£S«jV-'Used for Sale cheap. Send for
§?Tlisi»f\ Samples and Prices.
CtSESHk L.V&. M. ALEXANDER
«aS|£££s@ A^nti SMITH PREMIER ■
----- 110 MONTGOMERY ST ,S. CA'_ |
ennyroyaOills
P^-^^V Orl«1n«l and Only Genuine. A.
dfifrt:^\ •*'"• *!?»T« nliabto. ladies tik A\
A/I-aT«aL Df" 1?*1"1 ?* 1 " f« CMchcttert Enpluh Pia JfV\\
W*<tMV'3B£km<md Bran* In Kcd and Gold mrt»lllc\»S7
"Ql —^Wa 11 , *"*** wiih bine rihUn. Take VSr
TTI 9^ HUlo other. Refute ianperoiu tubitiiu- v
I / ~ fjftiontnitd imitationM. Al Droj jl»t«. or Mnd 4«.
I JjT __V * n Kt *mp» for partlcatari. - tetttmool&U &a€
IV fa " Belief for 1.0d1.n." in littler, b.r Klin
«^___ if ' Mail. . 10.000 Tf«liaoot«:». Kmku FvptT.
I*l4 by all Loral Oronina. tVi ' : v 1» A... 1*
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and - bladder. A great Restorative.
Invtgorator and Nervine. Sells on ' Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
m Market Street. S. (Send for ClrcuUr.)
The par* essential extract from th« natlre dnijr. Con-
tains all tho raluablo medicinal properties of Oplun*
without <ts noxious elements. No slokness Cf stom..cnr
BO Tomlt.ng ;no costlveneeß ;no headache. ■ Prugni^ta^
! GENUINE
AND CHOICE
ORIENTAL
— -bt' — '
LEVON BABAYAN,
" A Native Merchant.
WILL BE SOLD OUT
AT AUCTION
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
May 26, 27 and 28,
At 2 p. m. Each Day,
AT 106=108 GRANT AVENUE,
Between Post and Geary.
GOODS ON VIEW TO-DAY.
"We are instructed to sell these goods regard-
less of cost to close out- the entire stock.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneer*.
SURETY_BONDS.
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
Home Office, Baltimore, Maryland.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
January 1, 1898.
RESOUKGE.JS.
Real estate (Fidelity building) $ 600,000 08
State and municipal bonds 1,255,010 04
Street railway bonds (Baltimore
City) 169.240 00
Railroad and other bonds 156,550 04
Agents' .debit balances, less commis- -
sions W.US 34
Premiums in course of collection
(home office) J. 020 41
Cash In office, and banks 18S,5Si 51
$2,500,524 3]
LIABILITIES.
! Capital stock (paid in).... 51,000,000 00
Surplus
Premium reserve 435, 039 »
Claims In process of _
adjustment 7,829 78
, Claims reported, but proof
not fi1ed...... |2'mtis
Undivided profits ~ _ 3 " $2.500.524 39
• EDWIN WARFIELD. President.
HERMAN E. BOSLER.
Secretary and Treasurer.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
General Agent Pacific Coast.
204-208 Snnsome St., Son Francisco.
000000000000000000
jw PALACE w §
% GRAND "OTEAsg
" SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" rrtinectH.l by *> ***** •*» **«i iia.-su^wit. _
O 1400 Room*. 900 With Bath Attach**. *f
O -««-iJ. Under Oxi MasaoiW-u °
O . NOTE THE PRIC£3: O
« European Plan. Sl. OO per day. in! upward _\
*" American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *•
(5 i.orre>P"r»l-P'*- St.itvttad. O
O ' JOHN 0. KIRKPATaiCS, Man»g,r. O
oocoooocoooooooooo
DR.MCNULTY7
T'nrs rKix-Kxowx AND rkliable olii
Specialist cure* PrlvatP,Nervous,BloociHiidBkln
Diseases of Men only. : Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book. free, i'utlentn
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 8
daily tng.SOeVes. | KJt.days, 10 to 12. Conßiilta-
tlonfrec and sacredlyconfldentla'_ < 'ail or address
p.rokcoe 9r<*ruiiTiV IV. !»..
30. Kcainr Kli-rrt. San Franciwo. CoL »y.
< \A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOfiNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Glaus Spreckels Bids*
' Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 . California street, below
Powell, San Francisco. ■ -