VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 10.
INSURGENTS SAW CERVERA'S
FLEET IN SANTIAGO HARBOR
UNCLE SAM: "NOW I KNOW I'VE GOT 'EM."
PAYS A BEAUTIFUL
TRIBUTE TO HOBSON
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH BOAT
DAUNTLESS, OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 5 (via Kingston,
Jamaica, June 6). — Commodore Schley paid a beautiful tribute to the
valor of Lieutenant Hobson and the gallant crew of the collier Merrimac
as he sat on the afterdeck of the flagship Brooklyn, lying five miles
off Santiago de Cuba, on Sunday afternoon, talking with a correspon
dent of the Associated Press. Pointing toward the gray walls of Morro
Castle, where Lieutenant Hobson and li is brave men were said to be
incarcerated, the commodore spoke as follows:
"History does not recite an act of finer heroism than that of the gallant
men who are prisoners over there. I watched the Merrimac as she
made her way to the entrance to the harbor, and my heart sank as I saw
the perfect hell of lire that fell upon" those devoted men. I did not think
it was possible that one of them could have gone through it alive. They
went into the jaws of death. It was Baiaklava over again, without the
means of defense which the Light Brigade had. Hobson led a forlorn
hope, without the power to cut his way out. But fortune favored the
brave, and I hope he will have the recognition and promotion he de
serves. His name will live as longas the heroes of the world are remem
bered."
WITH THE BLOCKADING FLEET,
OFF SANTIAGO, June 8, via Mole St.
Nicholas, Jane 9.— Lieutenant Hobson
and his heroic companions in the ex
ploit of sinking the collier Merrimac at j
the entrance to the harbor of Santiago
will not be exchanged for some time.
To-day Admiral Cervera sent a flag I
of truce to Admiral Sampson with a I
message that the prisoners were in the !
hands of the military authorities and
that their case had been referred by
tlie military Governor of Santiago to
Governor General Blanco. The plan of
exchange submitted by Admirul Samp- j
son to Admiral Cevera is thus tempo
rarily frustrated.
NEW YORK, June 9.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Anx
fauffltr the authorities are waiting ln
The San Francisco Call
formation from Rear Admiral Samp
son in regard to his negotiations for
the exchange of Naval Constructor
j Hobson and the remaining heroes of
■ the Merrimac. Not knowing the basis
! upon which the Spanish will agTee to
make the exchange the authorities are
unable to move in the. matter. It is
appreciated that Rear Admiral Samp
son is doing everything in his power to
expedite the negotiations and Repre
sentative Pearson, a relative of Hobson,
was Informed to-day that an exchange
would be made with all possible dis
patch, though, of course, the Sp. .ish
authorities are rather prone to "ma
nana" in all matters. Notwithstanding
the confinement of Hobson and men
under his command they will receive
their full pay as if on active duty.
This is provided by law.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1898.
FALL OF
SANTIAGO
IMMINENT
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, "June 9.
The war situation to-night may be
thus briefly summarized: Fifteen thou
sand regulars and ten thousand volun
teers under the command of General
Shafter are en route for Santiago,
where they are expected to arrive on
Sunday night. General Blanco is now
totally isolated from the world; the last
cable has been cut and the cable ends
are attached to buoys. In a day or two
the United States ship Mayflower will
have been converted Into a floating
cable station, and daily reports from
Sampson and Shafter may be expected.
The Porto Rico expedition is expected
to sail from Fernandino, Florida, with
in ten days or two weeks. Either Gen
eral Coppinger or Fitzhugh Lee will
lead the expedition, and will be made
military Governor.
The report from San Francisco that
the Charleston, instead of proceeding
to Manila to Dewey's aid, will stop at
the Ladrones and take possession of
those islands is not true. The Charles
ton will not rest until she reaches Ma
nila, for she carries ammunition which
Admiral Dewey needs as soon as it can
reach him.
The military successes of Agulnaldo,
chief of the Insurgents, axe encourag-
Ing, and the administration is hopeful
that Manila may be taken before our
troops arrive. There is some fear, how
ever, that the insurgents, fired by their
success and in the absence of American
troops may commit excesses which may
place this Government in an embar
rassing situation before the great pow
ers of Europe. For this reason, if for
no other, the Charleston. Monterey,
Monadnock and Bennington. as well
as the troopships, will be hurried to
Manila. After Manila is taken will
be time enough to think of capturing
the Ladrones or the Carolines, say the
officials.
Stories of the appearance of myster
ious warships in Cuban waters floated
through the Navy Department during
the day. The officers quickly con
demned them, declaring that If the
boats were Spanish they were nothing
more than some unarmed launches, and
not to be feared by any number of
transports convoyed by such fine gun
boats as the Helena and Bancroft. But
when these stones reached the War
Department they were received with
a different spirit. Nothing is more
helpless in warfare than an unarmed
transport full of soldiers. She would
fall an easy victim to the smallest gun
boa±, smd. the soldiers, knowing their
SCHLEY ARRANGED
TO SECURE THIS
INFORMATION
Complete List and Location of the Spanish
Warships Furnished to the American
Commodore.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Saturday, June 4 (via Kingston, Jamaica, Monday, June 6,
9 a. m.). — After driving the Spanish fleet at Santiago de Cuba into a more protected position in the
harbor by the bombardment of Tuesday, May 31, Commodore Schley opened communication with
the insurgents eighteen miles from Santiago, to the east.
They were urged to obtain, if possible, the names and numbers of the vessels of the fleet in
side the harbor, as the contour of the land at the entrance made it impossible to accurately deter
mine by a view from the American fleet just how many vessels of the Spanish squadron were
therein.
On Friday afternoon Lieutenant Sharp of the Vixen went to the
place of rendezvous and received from the insurgents a map of the
harbor, showing the entire Cape Verde fleet, with the exception of the
destroyer Terror, inside and close up to the city under the protection
of the guns mounted on Blanco battery, at the northern extremity of
the harbor.
The ships there, according to this chart, are the Cristobal Colon,
the Viscaya, the Almirante Oquendo, the Maria Teresa and the Reina
Mercedes, all cruisers of the first class and heavily armored, together
with three torpedo-boats.
The definiteness of this information naturally gave Commodore
Schley great satisfaction.
With Admiral Sampson's arrival on Wednesday, June I, the blockade was much strength
ened and the plans to starve the city, its troops and the enemy's fleet were pushed vigorously.
Just how long Santiago can stand besieging is a matter of conjecture. The country about
the city is unproductive and mountainous, and the insurgent camps are so close that there is
little or no communication between the city and its environs. The railway service is not carried to
a distance much beyond ten miles from the town.
Since Sunday last, May 29, when Cervera's squadron was penned up by the flying squad
ron under Commodore Schley, nothing has gone in, and the auxiliary cruiser St. Paul captured
about 4000 tons of coal consigned to the port.
It is thoroughly believed that only a short time will be needed to bring Santiago to a starva
tion basis. Naturally the fleet has a supply, perhaps for two months, but the Spanish soldiery cannot
be sustained on this.
An important fact was learned to-day from the insurgents on shore, with whom communi
cation has been opened up. There are not 20.000 soldiers, as has been stated, in this part of the
province of Santiago de Cuba, but only about 6000. Even these are badly fed and much disheart
ened.
weakness In this respect, are loth to
undertake to cross the Florida Straits
until. these disagreeable visitors have
been removed from the pathway.
Without respect to the character of
the strange craft that are said to be
dodging the blockaders at Havana they
will be removed from the scene of ac
tion in short notice, as it is understood
that Sampson has been acquainted with
the situation and will be expected to
redeem his promise to provide safe con
duct to the army when called upon.
He has an ample force to conduct the
operations at Santiago to a successful
Issue and still spare vessels of any
power desirable for use in the Florida
straits.
It was pointed out to-day by a naval
officer that the admiral, sijice the ar
rival of the marine battalion on the
Panther, has at his disposal what he
may regard as a sufficient force of men
to capture Santiago, even before the
troops arrive. The 800 marines on the
Panther, added to the marines pre
viously with the fleet, would make a
total of about 1500 men. Without im
pairing the efficiency of his ships Ad
miral Sampson could spare 1000 blue-
Jackets for a landing party, and, with
this total force of 1500, if the insurgents,
who have been armed by the United
States Government, do their Bhare, it
seems possible for Sampson to capture
Santiago at short notice.
There seems to be a very decided
air of expectation this afternoon among
the officials who are acquainted with
the Government's plans in the cam
paign that almost warranted a conclu
sion that an engagement of some kind
was expected to-day.
FIRST EXPEDITION A
FORCE OF REGULARS
Army of Twenty Thousand Men De
parts From Tampa for th« In
vasion of Cuba.
NEW YORK, June 9.— A Jackson
ville special to the Herald says: Major
General Shafter and an army of 20,000
men started yesterday for the Invasion
of Cuba in the vicinity of Santiago. The
loading of the transports and the em
barkation of troops was practically
completed Tuesday at Tampa, and
everything was in readinees when the
order was givw*. to move out of the
; CURIOUS PICTURES
OF SPANISH WARFARE
Two curious pictures of war
were presented yesterday. In the
afternoon the -oanish chief of
staff was sitting amicably in Ad
miral Sampson's cabin and say
. ing, over a glass of wine, "You
know there is nothing personal
in this," and a few hours later his
torpedo boat comes out of Santi
■ ago harbor and tries to blow the
Admiral and his ship out of the
water. — Cablegram from Kingston,
Jamaica, in reference to an attempted
night attack by Spanish torpedo
boats on the <American fUet on
June 3.
harbor yesterday. With the gunboats
Helena, Castine and Annapolis as con
voys and the Hornet acting as a rear
guard, the transports crowded with
troops, who were aroused to the high
est enthusiasm because they were at
last starting for a point of actual war
fare, the fleet sailed out of the harbor
amid the applause of hundreds who
Uned the shore.
The vessels were formed In three
squadrons, each vessel sailing 1000
yards astern of the one ahead. These
squadrons sailed abreast, a gunboat
leading each one. The sailing speed
was limited to eight knots an hour.
From Tampa the big fleet of transports
proceeded to Key West by way of Re
besco Shoals. From Key West the
troops will be convoyed to the point of
Invasion by fighting ships, which will
be strong enough to protect them from
any attack. The route beyond Key
West cannot, ' course, be given, but I
there Is no doubt the troops will be j
safely landed early next week at aj
point that had been settled upon.
I have been unable to give the exact
details as to the troops which started
for Cuba. It is known, however, that
they were selected by General Shafter
from troops that have lately been en
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
camped at Tampa. The greater part of
the troops selected for the first inva
sion are known to be regulars. The
! troops of the regular army that have
been in camp at Tampa include the
j First, Second. Third. Fourth, Sixth,
I Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Twelfth,
i Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth,
Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first,
Twenty-second, Twenty-fourth and
I Twenty-fifth Regiments of Infantry.
There were twenty-seven regiments of
cavalry, including the First, Second,
Third, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth and Tenth,
There were also ten light and four
heavy batteries of regular artillery.
The volunteer forces at Tampa In*
eluded the Thirty-second Michigan,
Third and Fourth Ohio, the First Dis
trict of Columbia, Second New York,
Fifth Maryland, First Ohio, One Hun
dred and Fifty-seventh Indiana, Third
Pennsylvania, First United States Vol
unteer Cavalry, First Illinois, Sixty
; ninth New York, First Florida, and
I Second Georgia.
The transports In which the troop*
' sailed have all been given numbers. The
! number is painted in white figures four
| feet long on the bow. The number is
i also painted on the smokestack of
each vessel.
SANTIAGO REPORTED
TAKEN BY AMERICANS
Improbable Story Brought to Capa
Haytien by a Schooner From
Turk's Island.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti. June 9.^
(8:40 a. m.) — A man who arrived here
to-day in a schooner from Turk's Is
land, one of the Bahamas, and about
110 miles north of Hayti. says it was re
ported there on Tuesday that Santiago
de Cuba had been taken by the Ameri
cans. Cable communication between
Cape Haytien and Cuba Is still Inter
rupted.
Spanish Spies Expelled.
MONTREAL, June 9.— Word has been
received here from Ottawa that a mes
senger has left there wijh the notice of
expulsion from Canada of Lieutenant
Carranza and Senor Dubosc, recently
attached to the Spanish Legation at
Washington-2
WAR REVENUE
BILL SOON TO
BECOME A LAW
Passed by the House as
Amended by the
Conferees.
Senate Will Follow Suit and After
July 1 Uncle Sam Will Collect.
Articles to Be Taxed.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 9.
After five hours devoted to the con
sideration of the bill to enable volun
teers to vote in Congressional elections,
the conference report on the war rev
enue bill was presented to the House
to-day. Consideration waa interrupted
by a recess to 8 o'clock this evening, at
which hour the report was taken up
again and after three hours' debate, in
volving a wide range of subjects and
some sensational features, it was voted
upon and adopted, 154 to 107. The elec
tion measure will be disposed of to
morrow, immediately after the meeting
of the House. The Hawaiian annexa
tionists made a strong fight to get the
election bill out of the way, to prevent
its going over to to-morrow as priv
ileged and likely to postpone another
day their intended effort to force con
sideration of the annexation resolutions
in the House.
A very strong effort will be made to
secure a vote in the Senate to-morrow
before adjournment on the war revenue
bill so that it may go to the President
this week. Many Senators believe that
the effort will be successful.
When the House met after the recess
Dingley, addressing himself to the re
port, spoke of the urgent necessity for
the passage of a war revenue and the
resulting necessity for a speedy action in
conference and that of compromise. He
said the great ends which the House has
set out to accomplish were the raising of
approximately $175,000,000 from taxation
and from $400,000,000 to $600,000,000 from
other sources. These ends wuuld be se
cured through the bill as reported from
conference, and while the concessions j
made by the House conferees were in some;
'instances personally distasteful to him,!
he felt that they had been, without the
violation of any great principle, advo
cated by the House and without mitigat
ing against the accomplishment of the
great ends originally contemplated by the
inauguration of the war revenue legisla
tion. Diagley said the House conferees
made no effort to eliminate the tax on
tea, owing to the decisive vote by which
the Senate had incorporated it and be
cause the new crop -was just about to ar
rive; stocks on hand were very low and
the consumption in the country amount
ed to'li'tO.OXKj.lKX) pounds annually. Relative
to the coinage of silver bullion, Dingley
explained that the provision would re
sult ultimately In an increase of circula
tion outstanding by the amount of the
present seigniorage, or about $42,000,000,
the provision declaring explicitly that the j
.coinage should proceed at the rate of not i
less than $1,500,000 per month, if the dol
lars should be tisod for th.- redemption of
silver certificates, which, when redeemed, I
should bo canceled. The provision was
not materially different from the law of
,1890.
Further digression from the bill was in
dulged in by Swanson (D.) of Virginia,
who very vigorously dissented from any I
Inclination to turn the war into one of ag- {
grcssion to end with this country holding
great colonial possessions. He attacked
then the bond and other features of the
bill, notably the tobacco bill. Swanson I
took occasion to criticize the administra- j
tion in its conduct of the war and panic- I
-ularly did he antagonize the pending bill |
conducive to interests of monopolists and
the very rich.
The speech brought from Grosyenor
(R.) of Ohio an impassioned and highly
sensational response. Ho said: "Had
Sagasta, had Blanco, had Cervera been
given an opportunity to make a speech on
this occasion, they would not have made j
so incendiary an appeal against the prose- ]
cution of this war as the gentleman from
Virginia has uttered. I denounce his un
patriotic purposes, I denounce his un
patriotic and untruthful utterances."
Swanson, In a two-minute reply, said: |
"The only reason I can give for the un
fair, unjust, unpatriotic and untrue per
sonal attack upon me is that the speaker
is in such a condition that he does not
know whether he is fighting .the Confed
erate or Spanish forces." He then pro
ceeded with an eloquent defense of his
district. Later Swanson again secured the
floor and declared his belief that the Ohio,
member would never have made the
"brutal attack had he been sober."
Grosvenor, being again recognized, de
clared he had attacked the sentiment of
the Virginian's speech and not the per
sonality of the member. He denied hav
ing referred to the .latter's district as
"contemptible" and eaid he had used the
word "contestable." This declaration
SANTIAGO DE CUBA FROM THE HARBOR.
was greeted by hisses and gen
eral protests from the Democrats
and corroborative expressions from
the Republicans. He denounced Swan
son's insinuation that he (Gros
venor) was not sober as a "weapon
which no honorable opponent would use"
in a debate such as t^e one in progress.
The Democrats jeereu and the Repub
licans applauded the denunciation.
Following the Grosvenor-Swanson epi
sode Hill of Connecticut, Henderson of
lowa, Moody of Massachusetts, Payne of
New York and McMillin of Tennessee
spoke.
Hill declared that he would vote against
the bill because of the coinage provision,
embodying, as he believed, a giving of
some new life to the dead issue. But the
other Republicans who addressed the
House contended that it would affect no
more than the law at present provided
in the matter of silver coinage and was
not open to serious objection.
The vote on the conference report was
taken at 11 o'clock, resulting: Ayes 154
noes lfiT.
The Republicans who voted against the
adoption of the conference report on the
war revenue bill were: Brewster. Henry
of Connecticut, Hill, Littauer. Melntire
The Democrats who voted for the re
port were: Cummings, Driggs, Fitzger
ald. McAleer. McClellan.
At 11:35 o'clock the House adjourned.
PROVISIONS OF THE
WAR REVENUE BILL
List of the Principal Articles Upon
Which Uncle Sam Will Collect
the Tax.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The war
revenue bill as agreed upon by the con
ferees of the House and Senate will no
doubt become a law. The bill provides
that the act_ shall take effect on the
day succeeding the date of its passage,
except as otherwise specially provided
for. The following is an abstract of
the provisions of the bill:
A tax of $2 on all beer, ale, porter and
other similar fermented liquors, for every
barrel containing not more that thirty
one gallons, and at a like rate for any
other quantity or fractional part of a
barrel.
SPECIAL, TAXES FROM JULY 1.
1. Bankers employing a capital not exceed
ing $25,000, $50; employing a capital exceeding
$25,000, for every additional $1000, $2, surplus
included in capital. Savings banks having no
capital stock and whose business Is confined
to receiving deposits and loaning or investing
the same for the benefit of their depositors
and which do no othep business uf banking are
not subject to this tax.
2. Brokers. $50, but any person having paid
the special tax as a bank shall not be required
to pay the special tax as a broker.
3. Pawnbrokers, $20.
4. Commercial brokers, $20.
(>. Custom-house brokers. $10.
6. Proprietors of theaters, museums and con
cert halls, in cities of more than 25,000 popu
lation, $100. This does not include halls rented
or used occasionally for concerts or theatrical
representations.
7. Circuses, $100, to be paid in each State in
which exhibitions are given.
8. Proprietors or agents of all other public
exhibitions or shows for money not enumerated
here, $10.
9. Bowling alleys and billiard rooms, $5 for
each alley or table.
TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND
SNUFF.
In lieu of the tax now imposed by law a
tax of 12 cents per pound upon all tobacco and
snuff, however prepared; upon cigars and cigar
ettes manufactured and sold, the following
taxes to be paid by the manufacturer: $3 CO
per thousand on cigars weighing more than
three pounds per thousand, $1 per thousand on
cigars weighing not more than three pounds
per thousand. $3 60 per thousand on cigarettes
weighing more than three pounds per thou
sand and Jl 50 per thousand on cigarettes
weighing not more than three pounds per thou
sand.
The compromise provision In regard to the
taxation of the stock on hand provides for a
tax equal to one-half the difference between
the tax already paid on cuch articles at the
time of removal from the factory or Custom
house and the tax levied in this act upon such
articles. Dealer* having on hand less thftn
1000 pounds of manufactured tobacco and 20 OfHJ
cigars or cigarettes on the day succeeding the
date of the passage of the bill are relieved
from the necessity of making returns and
thus relieved from the necessity of paying the
tax.
TOBACCO DEALERS AND MANUFAC
TURERS.
Dealers In leaf tobacco whose annual sales do
not exceed 69,000 pounds, each $6. Thoße whose
annual sales exceed 60,000 and not 100,000
rilE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUKE 10, 1898.
pounds, $12. and If their annual sales exceed
100.(WO pounds, $24.
Dealers In other tobacco, whose annual sales
exceed 50,000 pounds, $12. Those selling their
own products at the place of manufacture are
exempted from this tax.
' Manufacturers of tobacco whose annual sales
do not exceed 50,000 pounds, $6.
. Manufacturers whose sales exceed 60,000 and
not 100,000 pounds, $12. Manufacturers whose
sales exceed 100,000 pounds, $24. Manufactur
ers of cigars whose annual sales do not ex
ceed 100,000 cigars, $C. Manufacturers whose
sales exceed 100,000 and not 200,000 cigars, $12.
Manufacturers whose gales exceed 200,000
cigars, $24.
INSURANCE.
Life— each policy for each $100, 10 cents on
the amount insured. On policies on the indus
trial or weekly plan, 40 per cent of the amount
of the first weekly premium is charged. Fra
ternal beneficiary societies and purely local co
operative companies, employes' relief associa
tions, operated on the lodge system or local co
operative plan, "organized and conducted solely
[by the members thereof, for the exclusive
benefit of Its members and not for profit," are
exempted. ... . .
Insurance (marine, inland, fire)— Each policy,
'. cent on each $1. Co-operative and mutual
companies are exempted.
Insurance (casualty, fidelity and guarantee)—
Each policy and each bond for the performance
of the duties of any office or position or other
obligation of the nature of indemnity, and
each contract or obligation guaranteeing the
validity of bonds or other obligations issued by
any State, county, municipal or other public
body, or guaranteeing titles to real estate, or
mercantile credits, ■ guaranteed by any surety
company upon the premium charged, % cent
on each $L ' v: 1
Lease, \ land or tenement, not ! exceeding one
year, 25 cents; exceeding one year and not ex
ceeding throe years, 50 cents; exceeding three
years, • $1.
Manifest for customs house entry or clear
ance- of cargo for a foreign port, it thu regi3
t-*-ed tour.age of such ship, vessel or steamer
■toe* iv exceed 300 tons, $1; exceeding. 300 ton«;
ar.>l not exceeding 600 tons, $3. £jcc-jedlii£ I=oo
tens, $5. ■ - »
Mortgage of real estate or personal property
exceeding $1000 and not exceeding 115*. 2".
cents, and on each $500 in excess of $1500, 25
Passage ticket from' any . port In the United
States to a foreign port, if not costing exceed
ing $30, $1; costing more than $30, and not ex
ceeding $GO, $3; costing more than $00, $3.
Proxy for voting at any election for officers
of any Incorporated company, except religious,
charitable or literary societies or public ceme
teries, 10 cents.
Power of attorney. 25 cents.
Protesting note*, bills of exchange, accept
ance, check or draft or any marine protest, 23
cents. "Warehouse receipt*), 25 cents. The
sump duties on manifests, bills cf lading and
passage tickets do not apply to steatnl«):its or
other vessels plying between ports of the
United States and ports in British North
America. ■ * ■
ADHESIVE . STAMPS.
Section 7 provides that if any person or per
sons shall make, sign or issue any instrument
or paper of any description without its being
stamped, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
the penalty being $100 at the discretion of the
Section 8 provides a penalty of a fine not ex
ceeding $1000 or Imprisonment for a term not
exceeding five years, or both, for counterfeit-
Ing the stamps and the penalty is made to ap
ply to all persons having any connection with
the counterfeiting. - *',:■' • "
Proprietors of proprietary articles are given
the privilege of furnishing their own dies or
designs for stamps; a failure to perform which
act is made a misdemeanor punishable by a
fine of not less than $50 nor more than $500, or
by Imprisonment of not to exceed six months,
or both. It is also made a misdemeanor by
section 10 to evade the provisions of the stamp
law. punishable by a fine not exceeding $200.
Other sections following relate to the admln
stratlon of the law. Section 12 provides for the
distribution of stamps. Section 16 exempts
Government, State, county and municipal
bonds from the operation of the law and also
the stocks and bonds Issued by co-operative
■ building and loan associations whose capital
stock does not exceed $10,000, and building and
i loan associations or companies that make loans.
only to their shareholders. ' ■ •- ■
Section 18 provides for a stamp tax on tele
graph messages and exempts messages of of
ficers and employes of the Government on of
ficial business and "also the messages of tele
graph and railroad companies over their own
lines.
Section 20 makes It a misdemeanor to evade
the- plans of schedule B, relative to drugs,
medicine*! perfumery, etc., punishable by a
fine not to exceed $500 or imprisonment to not
exceed six months o- both.
Uncompounded medicines' or those having
been put up and sold at retail as prescriptions
are not Included in- the, taxable articles, leav
ing it to apply particularly to proprietary ar
ticles. '. ■ - • ' •<•■ •,....-.-•,
Section 24 adds the tax on proprietary articles
to the duty on them, requiring the : affixing of.
the Internal revenue stamp before withdrawal
for consumption. . ' ". '
SCHEDULE A STAMP TAXES.
Bonds, debentures or certificates of indebt
edness by any association, company or corpo
ration, on each hundred dollars of face value
or fraction thereof, five cents, and on each
original issue, whether on organization or re
organization or certificates of stock by any
such association, company or corporation, on
each one hundred dollars of face value or frac
tion thereof, five -cents, and on ..all sales, or
agreements to sell, a memoranda of sales or
dellvi ri "S or transfers of shares or certificates
of stock, on each one hundred dollars or face
value or fraction, two cents; In case of sale
where the evidence of transfer Is shown only
by the books of the company the stamp shall
be placed upon such books, and where the
change of ownership is by transference the
etamp shall be placed upon H»« certificates; and
In case an agreement to sell or where the
transfer is by delivery of the certificate as
signed in blank there shall be made and deliv
ered by the seller to the buyer a bill or mem
orandum of such sale to which the stamp shall
be affixed. Penalty: A fine of from $500 to
$10C0 and imprisonment for six months or. both.
Upon each sale or agreement to sell any
products or merchandise at any exchange or
board of trade or other similar place, either
for present or future delivery, for each JUKI
In value of said 6ale or agreement of sale or
agreement to sell, 1 cent, and for each addi
tional $100 or fraetiunul ).sirt thereof in excess
of $100, 1 cent, provided that on every sale or
agreement to sell there shall be made and de
livered by the seller to the buyer a bill, memo
randum of such sale, to which there shall be
affixed a lawful stamp or stamps in value
equal to the amount of tax on such sale.
Bank check, draft or certificate of deposit
not drawlnir Interest, or order for the pay
ment of any sum of money drawn upon or
Issued by any bank, trust company or any
person or persons, companies or corporations,
2 cents.
Bills of exchange (International), draft, cer
tificate of deposit drawing interest, or order
for the payment of any sum of money other
wise than at slzht or on demand, or any
promiMbry note except bank notes issued for
circulation, and for each renewal of the snmi\
for a sum not exceeding $lfto, 2 cents; and for
each adldtional $100 or fractional part thereof
in excess of $100. 2 cents.
Bills of exchange (forolpn) or letters of
credit, If drawn singly for a sum not ex
celling $100, 4 cents; p.nd for each $100 or frac
tional part tlwreof in excess of $100, 4 cents.
If drawn in sets of two or more, for every
bill of each set. where thp sum does not ex
ceed $100 in any foreign currency, 2 cent*, and
for each $100 or fractional part In excess of
$100, 2 cents.
Bill* of lading or receipt (other than charter
party) for any goods or merrhnnillse to be ex
ported to any foreign port or place, 10 cents.
EXPRESS OR FREIGHT.
It Is made the duty of every railroad or
steamboat company, carrier, express company
or corporation or person whose occupation is
to act as such to issue the shipper or con
signer a bill of lading-, manifest or other evi
dence of receipt and forwarding for each ship
ment received, whether in bulk or in boxes,
bales, packages, bundles or not so inclosed or
included; and there is to be attached and can
celed to each of said bills of lading, etc., a
stamp of the value of 1 cent; pruvlced that
but one bill of lading shall be required on
bundles or packages of newspapers when in
closed in one reneral bundle at the time of
shipment. Penalty fc'O.
A tax of one cent Is Imposed for every tele
phone message for which over 15 cents Is
charged. Any telegraphic message one cent.
Indemnifying bonds, 50 cents.
Certificate of profit of any association and
on all transfers thereof, on each $100 of face
value, two cents.
Certificates of damage, or otherwise, issued
by any Port Warden or marine surveyor, 25
cents. Certificates -* »"» other description 10
cents. Charter party, if the registered tan
nage of the vessel does nnt exceed 300 tons, K.
Kjcceeillng 300 tons and not exceeding 600 tons,
$o. Kxoedlng 6flO tons, $10.
Contract, brokers' note, or memorandum of
sale of any goods or merchandise, stock?,
bonds, exchange, notes of hand, real estate, or
property of any description Issued by brokers
or persons acting as such, for each note or
memorandum of sale 10 cents. Conveyance or
deed for real estate on whic.h consideration
"■xceeds $100 and does not exceed $500, 60 cents,
and for each aditlonal ?500 50 cents.
Entry of bonds at any Custom House not
exceeding $100 In value, 25 cents; exceeding $100,
and not exceeding $500 la value, 60 cents; ex
ceeding KOO In value, $1. Entry for the with
drawal of goods from customs bonded ware
house, 50 cents.
Boxns.
The Secretary of the Treasury to authorized
to borrow on the credit of the United States
from time to time as the proceeds may be re
quired, to defray expenditures authorized . on
account of the existing war (such proceeds
when received to be used only for the purpose
of meeting such war expenditures), the Bum
of $4fi0.000.000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, and to prepare and Issue therefor
coupon or registered bonds of the United States
in denominations of J2O or some multiple of
that sum, redeemable In coin at the pleasure
of the United States after ten years from the
date of their Issue, and payable twenty years
from such date and bearing ''nterest payable
quarterly In coin at the rate of 3 per cent per
annum. The bonds are to be first offered at
par as a popular loan.
The conference added the following proviso:
Provided, further, that any portion of any
issue of said bonds not subscribed for as above
provided, may be disposed of by the Secretary
of the Treasury at not less than par, and un
der such regulations as he may prescribe, but
no commissions shall be allowed or paid there
on, and a sum not exceeding one-tenth of one
per centum of the amount of the bonds and
certificates herein authorized is hereby appro
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated to the expense of pre
paring, advertising and Issuing the same.
COINAGE OF SILVER BULLION.
That the Secretary of the Treasury Is hereby
authorizp.l ;.nd directed to coin Into standard
silver dollars as rapidly as the public imprests
may require to an amount, however, of not less
than $1,560,000 a month of silver bullion now tn
the Treasury, purchased In accordance with the
provisions ol the act approved July 14. IS9O,
entitled "An act directing the purchase of
silver bullion and the issue of treasury notes
thereon, and for other purposes, end said
dollars when so coined, shall be used when
applied In the manner and for the purpose
named In said act. .« « * *v
The following provision has been added to the
bond provision:
SCHEDULE B.
Medicinal Proprietary Articles and Prepara
tions—Upon every packet, box, bottle, pot or
phial, or other inclosure, except natural spring
waters and carbonated natural spring waters,
where such packet, etc., does not exceed at
the retail price 6 cents, one-eighth of 1 cent
tax: when the retail price le between 5 and 10
cents, one-fourth of I cent: between 10 and l.>
cents, three-eighths of 1 cent: between 1.. and
25 cents, five-eighths of 1 cent, and for each
additional 25 cents In value five-eighths of 1
cent tax. The same tax applies to perfumery
and cosmetics and ather similar articles uaed
as applications to the hair, mouth or sKln-
Chewing gum, each package of not more than
$1, retail value, 4 cents, and for each addi
tional $1. 4 cents. . ... , ,
Bparkling <>r other wines, when bottled for
sale upon each bottle containing: one pint or
less? 1 cent; more than one pint, 2 cents. The
stamp is only to h<? affixed when the article in
this schedule is sold.
Petroleum and sugar refiners— Every person,
firm corporation or company carrying on the
business of refining petroleum or refining sugar,
or owning: or controlling any plr* line for
transporting oil or other products, whose gross
annual receipts exceed $260,000, is made subject
to pay annuully a excise tax equivalent
to one-quarter of 1 per cent on the gross
amount of all receipts in excess of that sum;
returns to be mnde monthly. The penalty Is a
fine of from $1000 to $10,000. A stamp tax of 1
cent is to be collected on every seat sold in a
palace and a parlor car and on every berth
sold in a sleeping car, the stamp to he affixed
to the ticket and paid by the company issu
ing it.
INHERITANCE TAX.
A tax on Inheritances and legacies exceeding;
$10,000 is provided as follows: On surtis be
tween $10,000 and $25.000— First on benefits to
the lineal Issue or lineal ancestors^ brother or
sister of deceased, at the rate of <o cent* for
to the descendant of a brother or sis
ter at the rate of $1 50 for every $100.
Third, to the brother or sister of the father
or mother, or a descendant of a brother or sis
ter of the father or mother, at the rate of $3
for every $100. , . " .
Fourth, to the brother or sister of the grand
father, grundmother or a descendant of the
brother or sister of the grandfather or grand
mother, $4 for every $100.
Fifth —To those of any other degree of
collateral consanguinity or strangers In blood
or a body politic or corporate, at the rate of
»5 for every $100. All legacies or property
passing by will or by the laws of any State or
Territory to husband or wife are exempted
from tax or duty. On sums ranging between
HS.OOO and $100,000 the rates of tax are to be
multiplied by one and one-hßlf; on those rang
ing from $100,000 to $500,000 the rates are to be
multiplied by two; on those ranging from $500,
000 to $1,000,000 the rates are to be multiplied
by two and one-half; and on those above
$1,000,000 the rates are multiplied by three
The tax is made a lien upon all property until
paid, and It is required that the tax shall be
satisfied before the legatee is paid.
Certificates of indebtedness— The Secretary of
the Treasury la authorized to borrow from
time to time, at a rate of interest not ex
ceeding 3 per cent, such sums as In his Judg
ment may be necessary to meet the public ex
penditures, and to issue certificates of indebt
edness In denominations of $.r>o. r >o or some multi
ple of that sum. Each certificate is made
payable at such time not exceeding one year
from the date of its Isbup, as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe, provided that the
amount of such certificates obtained shall at
no time exceed $100,000,000.
MIXED FLOUR.
A substitute was adopted for the Senate pro
vision for a tax on mixed flour, bnt the ma
terial points were retained. In addition to the
annual license of $12 upon manufacturers, a
tax of 4 cents per barrel Is levied UDon all
mixed flour manufactured, sold or removed for
sale. The same rate Is proportionately levied
on half barrels and smaller packages.
TEA.
There shall be levied, collected and paid
upon tea when Imported from foreign countries
a duty of 10 cents per pound. The tax becomes
operative with the act.
INTELLIGENCE
AND SOBRIETY
Sole Qualification for
Suffrage.
PROHIBITIONIST PLATFORM
DEMANDS SUPPRESSION OP
LIQUOR TRAFFIC.
Pledges Support to the Government
in the War — State Ticket Nomi
nated and Convention
Ends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June 9. — The platform
adopted this forenoon at the State Con
vention'of Prohibitionists demands the
suppression of the beverage liquor traf
fic by laws enforced by a party pledged
to this end.
It was set forth that the right of
suffrage should have no other qualifi
cation save intelligence and sobriety,
nor should one-half of the people be
disfranchised in the name of law and
kept so throu 'i the untiring efforts of
the saloon against mothers, wives and
daughters.
The platform favors the hearty sup
port of the Government in the present
war and pledges itself to this end.
It holds that the currency problem
has been largely produced by brewers
and distillers, who, through the sa
loons, draw from the workingman's
products silver which, changed into
gold, is piled up uselessly or shipped
away.
It protests against the frequent tariff
changes as greatly to the detriment of
the country's business interests and fa
vors a tariff commission.
It also favors an extension of the in
itiative and referendum principle, now
only having an advisory or limited in
fluence in lawmaking.
Civil service rules should cover all
subordinates, but changes should not be
so made as to favor unjustly the party
in power.
Our laws should discourage land mo
nopolies by individuals or corporations.
The platform favors a legal day of
rest and good sanitary and moral con
ditions in factories, public schools and
colleges.
It likewise favors the construction,
ownership and management of the Nic
araguan canal by the general Govern
ment.
It holds for Government and munici
pal ownership or control of natural re
sources and means of transportation
and communication and declares
against trusts and other aggregations
of capital.
Upon the unanimous adoption of this
platform the convention broke up, sing
ing "Praiso God, from "Whom All -Bless
ings Flow." i n&
Nominations were made as follows:
For Governor, J. E. McComas of Pomo
na; for Lieutenant Governor, Robert
Sommers of San Jose; Secretary of State,
George D. Kellogg of Newcastle; Con
troller, Garrison Turner of Modesto;
Treasurer, C. B. Williams of San Fran
cisco; Attorney General, L. B. Scranton
of Los Angeles; Superintendent of Public
Instruction, Mrs. Fannie M. Pugh of Oak
land; Clerk Supreme Court, \V. P. Fassett
of Winters: State Printer, Leroy S. At
wood of Stockton; Surveyor General
Green Spurrier of Modesto; Associate Jus
tice Supreme Court, Mr. Stewart of Los
Angeles and G. P. Hurst of Woodland
Board of Equalization, H. B. Burlingamo',
San Francisco; Dr. P. McCarger, Oak
land; C. T. Clark, Napa. Fourth district
no nomination.
RETURNm NEARLY COMPLETE.
The Republican Sweep in Oregon
Fully Established.
■■PORTLAND, Or., June 9.— Practically
complete returns from every county in
the State except Curry, Lake, Harney
and Malheur give the following re
sults:
Governor — Greer (Rep.), 39,895; King
(Fus.), 30,669; Greer's plurality, 9226
Complete returns will increase "this.
For Congressman in the First Dis
trict, Tongue (Rep.) has 2200 plurality
over Veatch.
In the Second District, Moody (Rep.)
has a plurality of 6654 ovr Donaldson
(Fus.).
The plurality of Mason (Rep.), for
Mayor of Portland 2641.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tha fio- /O
ilmlle S7a • *f9 ■* lira . ■
WHITE FLAG
BOLDLY USED
AS A TRICK
Flimsy Pretext of Oquen
do's Officers for Visit
ing the lowa.
Spaniards Probably in Quest of
Information of the Torpedo Boat
Sunk Last Friday Night.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT, OFF SANTIAGO
DE CUBA, June 5 (via Port Antonio,
Jamaica, June 6, delayed in transmis
sion). — A launch from the cruiser Al
mirante Oquendo came out of the har
bor flying a flag of truce this morning.
A boat from the lowa, which was lying
nearest, went to meet her. Two officers
of the Almirante Oquendo came on
board, and a very dignified, stately offi
cer on the deck of the lowa received
them and inquired their business. They
said they came out under the impres
sion that a white flag was flying from
the lowa and supposed the battleship
wanted to surrender.
An investigation showed several
things on the lowa which might have
caught their eyes, one of which was a
garment of Captain Evans hanging on
a line. The matter was exnlained, and
the Oquendo's launch returned with
many apologies. One man on the
launch made the significant remark,
"I am glad we did not have to wait
around as we are very short of fresh
water for our boilers."
There was a touching feature in the
preliminaries to the action on the lowa.
Most of the officers' rooms are not pro
tected by the armor belt. The excep
tion is the state room of Surgeon Cran
dall. This -~~-n is piled full of pictures
and mementoes cf wives and sweet
hearts of officers and little presents
made by loved ones before departure,
which the owners wish to nreserve
from splinters, shells and shrapnel.
The game thing has been done in the
case of the jackies.
The torpedo-boat Porter proudly ex
hibits as it steams among the fleet the
Spanish torpedo she picked up yester
CARTER MAKES
UGLY CHARGES
Accuses Ship Owners of
Being Exorbitant.
TRY TO HOLD UP UNCLE SAM.
PERKINS DEFENDS THE SHIP
PING MEN OF THE COAST.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— At to-day's
session of the Senate Carter of Mon
tana, in connection with the rejection
by the Government ef the steamship
Centennial as a transport, made some
ugly charges against the ship owners
on the Pacific Coast. He said they had
been endeavoring to hold up the Gov
ernment and compel it to pay inordin
ate and extraordinary prices for ships
to be used to transport troops to the
Philippines.
Perkins of California denied the
statements of Carter,' declaring that
the vessel owners of San Francisco
had placed their ships at the disposal
of the Government at a rate fully 50
per cent less than they usually received
for them.
Lodge of Massachusetts made some
sensational disclosures concerning the
disposition of the money appropriated
by Congress a short time ago in pay
ment of the claim of the book concern
of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South. He introduced a resolution di
recting the Claims Committee to make
an investigation of the matter and re
port to the Senate what, if any, action
could be taken.
Lodge said that lobbyists were to re
ceive $100,800 of the $288,000 appropri
ated.
The "omnibus claim" bill, carrying
something over $9,000,000, forty private
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000000000000000 o b oo ooooooooooooooooo
O ' ' *. " • - ©
i fa Oh! My Back! i
O j O
O V^^^\^^^_ When you feel that tired, aggravat- q
O • r^^^ A^wTV ing pain in your back, when the q
q <*d*\\i IV^j\^W muscles become stiff and sore, it tells Q
Q y'*' m% l\| 1: B. you that you have a weakness there. Pj
Q /^ ■^sSea<l'' I V H The muscles and nerves centering Z.
O L~.'* m '^Si&^ji iS » ' (AW- J there have become weak in some p?
J? W"^^sv>Kjf^ ffl manner, and you should give them 5?
° $ f9C^ L W back their strength. ®
§ n»^r % i Dr - Sanden ' s Electric Belt %
© r fMa^^. i? i has cured thousands of lame backs. ©
° )#ll f ta^ mm^ lk^ "When I got your Belt I could not Ret I?
O j/ - up without help. I had no use of my ®
O n^s •'"" o" If - back. The Belt cured me In three days," O
© a writes W. H. LANG, Sanger, Cal. « ©
txPlitl^r /^* \ **■ P° urs a warming, invigorating Q
° WsSS^* 1\ I life into the jaack, restoring the elas- "
° n|§§^ Mit V ticlty to the muscles, and will cure in °
© <^^^^^. M Iv 1 a few; weeks. Dr. Sanden's book ®
° I^_ W *•' about it, with price list, is free. Get °
O : " N> - ." one of these Belts. • O
% SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. *. : MOT ,„ m %^\ %
© 702 Market Street, Corner Geary. Ban rraneisco. " U ' IN UKUb » ' UHti ' »
O Office hours, BA.M.:to 8 P. M.; Sundays. ii B r L r ;,.? an<i< ! n 1 ' 919 1 Electric t Belt ©
,X.lO to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204% . n i\ er , sold in druj stores «
1 O South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 233 Washing- nor by traveling agents, only ; Q
rt ton street;, Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth street;. at our otflce. , _
** Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street. —— — — — —*• ;'- **
" ' - . .// . ■ ■ ■ ■ .. ■ ' . , • - O
n f\ f* r% f\ e\ a rt a a n <•* i*\ #*\ »*^ j* aaaaaa a a a nnn a a a a a aa
day inshore, which either represents all
that is left of the Spanish torpedo-boat
in the attack on it by the fleet on
j Friday night, or else shows that the
Spaniard launched it from its tube at
one of our ships and missed. On this
point opinion is divided, but the fact
that the Porter saw a second torpedo
which she could not recover makes
many think the boat was destroyed, al
though the point is made that if she
struck and sunk she would probably
carry her torpedoes to the bottom with,
her.
Unfortunately the Spanish torpedo ig
of German make and will not fit our
tubes and cannot be returned to them.
The belief that the Spanish boat was
sunk by the shots from the New York
and New Orleans is strengthened by
the fact that the Spanish kept signaling
all last night, presumably to locate a
torpedo-boat in case she had been cut
off from entering, but had managed to
slip through the fleet in the darkness.
At intervals during the night the light
over Morro Castle, which had been,
dark since the American fleet arrived,
flashed out brilliantly and at various
points along the shore flares were
burned.
The belief exists that an attempt to
learn something of the fate of the tor
pedo-boat was the real reason for the
appearance of the Oquendo's launch
with a flag of truce this morning. The
Spanish officers probably thought that
if the torpedo-boat was wrecked ami
the men captured, something would
j have been said, especially after Ad-
I miral Cervera's courtesy regarding the
Merrimac Incident. The lowa's officer
who met the launch said nothing on
this point, because he knew nothing
definite, and the Spaniards asked no
questions. If the torpedo-boat was
sunk all on board must have been
drowned.
pension bills and several measures
from the general calendar, were
passed.
SPANISH SHIPS
REPORTEDNEAR HAVANA^
Humors That the Enemy's War Ves
sels Are Lying in Wait for
American Transports.
KEY WEST, June 9.— Four suspicious
looking vessels, thought to be Spanish
warships, are or have been attempting
to elude the blockading squadron off
Havana and to enter that port. When
last seen, on the night before last, they
were in Nicholas Channel, about eighty
miles off Havana and heading in that
direction.
A Government tug from Cardenas
joined the American fleet off Havana
yesterday afternoon, bringing a mes
sage for Commodore Watson from an
auxiliary gunboat.
This was to the effect that on Tues
day night the gunboat sighted four ves
sels, thought to be a battleship, two
cruisers and a torpedo boat, between
Salt Cayo and Padre del Cruz light. The
gunboat "followed them and when with
in speaking distance hoisted the private
fleet signal. The strangers answered
with throe-mast head lights, which was
not the required signal, and immediate
ly thereafter put out all their lights.
The gunboat cruised after the stran
gers for two or three miles, once ap
proaching within 2000 yards, but even
tually abandoned the chase and re
ported to the nearest ship of the United
States fleet.
The commander of the gunboat
which followed the four vessels says he
is satisfied that they were Spanish
warships either trying to get into Ha
vana or lying in wait for transports.
The affair, however, is involved, in
doubt.
The British cruiser Talbot left Ha
vana on Tuesday, and she may have
been one of the vessels sighted by the
gunboat.
It is suspected that Spanish ships
may be lying in wait for army trans
ports in hopes of sinking or capturing
some, but they are well protected by
the Indiana, Helena and Bancroft.
Persistent rumors credited by naval
officers of high rank here are in cir
culation to the effect that three Span
ish warships have succeeded in forcing
their way Into Havana harbor. One re
port says that on ■ battleship and two
cruisers have entered the harbor.TUBERCULOSIS
CAN BE CURED
Sensation in the Medical
Convention.
DR. J. R. MURPHY'S PAPER
EXCITES THE PHYSICIANS TO
ENTHUSIASM.
The Young Chicago Surgeon Declares
His Discovery Infallible Un
less the Lunps Are Gon»
Entirely.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 9.— The feature of the
fifty-first annual convention of the
American Medical Association, now in
session in this city, was a remarkable
address at the forenoon session by Dr.
J. R. Murphy of Chicago who. although
still a young man, is recognized as one
of the greatest living surgeons. Dr.
Murphy's paper was entirely upon the
subject of the lungs, but with special
reference to the discovery by him of a
cure for consumption, or tuberculosis
of the lungs. The discovery was made
public to-day for the first time and its
announcement aroused great enthusi
asm among the assembled physicians.
Dr. Murphy's new treatment is based
upon the fact that the sore spots of the
lungs have a natural tendency to heal,
the healing process being retarded or
prevented by the constant expansion
of the tissue in breathing. The treat
ment consists In the introduction of
pure nitrogen into the lur cavity
through a hypode ...ic needle. The ac
tion of the nitrogen compresses the
lung and gives an entire rest. After
a few weeks the nitrogen is withdrawn
and air admitted the lung expanding
to its usual dimensions. If it be found
that a perfest cure has not been ef
fected the nitrogen can aram be used.
The treatment of tuberculosis thus by
means of compression is not a new
theory, but the application is new.
Dr. Murphy announced that five pa
tients whom he had treated in this
manner were cured in four to eight
weeks. He declares that unless the
lung is entirely gone a permanent cure
can be effected. On his return to Chi
cago he will use his treatment on 230
consumptive patients in the Cook
County Hospital.
Columbus, Ohio, was chosen as the
next place of meeting. The following
officers were elected:
President. Joseph McDowell Mathews,
Louisville, Ky. ; first vice president, W.
W. Keen. Philadelphia: second vice presi
dent. J. W. Graham. Denver, Colo.; third
vice prrsMem. H. A. West. Galveston,
Tex.; fourth vice president. J. E. Mlnney,
Topeka, Kan.; secretary, William H. At
kinson, Philadelphia. Pa.; treasurer.
Honry P. Newman, Chicago; librarian. G.
B Webster, Illinois; board of trustees—
Alonzo Garcelon of Maine, I. N. Love of
Bt Louis H. L. Johnson of Washington,
DC., and T. J. Happel of Chicago; Judi
cial council— S. Bailey of lowa, D. R.
lirnwer of Illinois: N. S. Davis of Illinois.
H. D. Didama of New York, D. Mason of
Washington. F. T. Rogers nf Rhode Isl
and. M. R Ward of Missouri and W. B.
Jones of New Jersey.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
F^sTIiAEL, oawsonWall
YUKON RIVER POINTS!
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP "ST. PAUL" will S #c a^Ts E awal L
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.
Passengers by the St. Paul for up-river points will be transferred to our
river boats now waiting at St. Michael. For rates and particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
<3»O SA\SOJYIE STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
BANISHED FROM
PORTO RICO
British Consulate Secre
tary Maltreated.
IMPRISONED IN A DUNGEON
BY ORDER OF iBE GOVERNOR
GENERAL.
Suspected of Having Given Ameri
cans Information as to the
Mining of San Juan
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 9.— A copyrighted
special from St. Thomas, Danish West
Indies, says:
Suspected of having furnished the
United States with information of the
mining of San Juan harbor, Walter
Bett, secretary of the British consulate
at that port, has received his passports
and been banished from Porto Rico by
order of Governor-General Macias. Mr.
Bett was also imprisoned in a dungeon
for fifty-six hours, and during that time
was subjected to gross maltreatment.
British Consul General Crawford has
| made a formal protest to his Govern
; ment and serious international compli-
I cations are imminent.
The day after the bombardment of
' San Juan by the ships of Admiral
Sampson, General Macias caused an
extensive system of mines to be in
stalled in the outer harbor, in antici
i pation of a return of the ships and a
! subsequent bombardment. Although
; the greatest care and secrecy was ob
served by the Spanish in mining the
I harbor the details of the work were
conveyed to Consul General Hanna and
; he is now making an extensive report
I of the operations to the Navy Depart
i ment.
In some way General Macias learned
of this and, as the British consulate
has been guarding American Interests
in Porto Rico since the withdrawal of
Mr. Hanna, he at once suspected that
Englishmen had conveyed the news to
the United States officials. He per
emptorily summoned thirty British
subjects before him and put them
through a searching examination, after
which several of them were cast into
prison for twenty-four hours. Upon
Secretary Bett General Macias vis
ited most of his wrath.
The P.ritish official was practically
accused of having revealed the mili
tary operations, and was dragged off
to a dungeon. There he was kept for
fifty-six hours in the face of the pro
tests of Consul-General Crawford.
When he was released Mr. Bett was
presented with his passports and or
dered out of Porto Rico. He has left
for St. Thomas.
The military plans of General Macias
were not disclosed to Mr. Hanna by
British officials or subjects, but by
trusted officers attached to General Ma
cias 1 staff.
Big Salmon Bun at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. June 9.— A big sa'mon
run began to-day. Every boat returned
with a load. The catch was^over 100.
r KIE SAW FRAWCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUKE 10, 1898.
SPAIN'S QUEEN
REGENT SILENT
Has Not Been Inter
viewed—Will Not Be.
SENOR SAGASTA SO DECLARES
THE PREMIER ALSO SPEAKS OF
PROBABLE PEACE.
Says the United States Were the Ag
gressors, and It Is for Them
to State When Peace
Shall Prevail.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MADRID. May 25.— The correspond
ent here of the Associated Press has
had an interview with Senor Sagasta,
the president of the Council of Minis
ters, at his office in the Presidency.
The correspondent said: "Sir, I want to
ask you your views on five points. I
shall keep the fifth in reserve, as it is
in the nature of a request; the other
four are: The Cabinet difficulty said to
I exist between Senors Gamazo and Pu
igcerver; the real reason for Senor
Leon y Castillo's return to Paris; the
truth as to the foreign relations of
Spain — is she or is she not seeking al
liances? and what are the prospects of
peace?"
Senor Sagasta replied:
"The second, third and fourth all
somewhat bear cm the same subject
foreign relations. At the present deli
cate Juncture I do not feel justified in
speaking thereon. With respect to
peace prospects information could be
more easily obtained in Washington
than in Madrid, since here there was
no desire for war. Spain has been
driven into war in defense of her rights
and national existence. The United
States were the aggressors and it is
for them to say when peace shall pre
vail.
"As regards the Cabinet discussion
the question between Senors Gamazo
and Puigcerver was purely an aca
demic one, and I have sufficient confi
dence in their patriotism to say that
they will not discuss it so as to bring
about disunion in the Cabinet at a
time when the country is in danger.
Such scholastic differences of opinion
will undoubtedly be left for discussion
in quieter times.
"No," the Premier added, "I am sure
you will find rumor is wrong in sup
posing there is any danger of a Cab
inet crisis arising on this score."
When the Premier had paused after
his last remark he smiled and said:
"Now, what about the fifth subject on
which you wished to- speak? A favor
you wanted, was it not?"
"It is," the correspondent replied,
"and a very great one. It is no less
than to ask, Can your Excellency ob
tain for me, as a Journalist, an Inter
view with her Majesty, the Queen Re
gent?"
The Premier opened his eyes with
surprise and said: "What you ask Is
impossible. I quite appreciate the good
intentions you have, but were the
Queen of Spain to grant one Inter
view it would be difficult to refuse
granting others. Her Majesty has con
sistently refused to see Journalists in
interviews for the press and Is deter
mined to maintain that resolution. '
The correspondent thanked the Pre
mier for the kindness he had shown
him. The Premier listened with court
ly dignity and, as the door to which
he led the correspondent closed, the
Prime Minister of Spain remarked:
"May you go with God."
SANTIAGO ON THE
VERGE OF STARVATION
All the Food Seized for the Spanish
Army and Navy, and Sailors
Are On Half Rations.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS BOAT. OFF SANTIAGO DE
CUBA, June 8. via Kingston, Jamaica,
June 9.— Santiago is on the verge of
starvation. All the food has been
seized for the army and navy, and the
troops and sailors are on half rations.
Rear Admiral Sampson has officially
declared that the purpose of the bom
bardment of Santiago was to clear the
way for the troops. The Object has been
attained.
Captain Hart Pardoned.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The Presi
dent to-day granted a pardon to Cap
tain John D. Hart, now serving a sen
tence of two years for engaging In a
filibustering expedition to Cuba,
General Miles, oommftnder-in-chief
of the United States army, explain*
the lessons of the present war In next
Sunday's Call.
SAYS REVOLT
WAS BACKED
BY UNCLE SAM
President of San Domingo
Charges America Was
Behind Jiminez.
But Coolly Declares He Will Not
Make Any Claim Against the
United States.
CAPE HATTIEN, June 9.—Presi
dent Heureaux of the Republic of Do
minica believes he has discovered proof
that the steamer Fanita, formerly of
the Clyde line, which was used by
Senors Jiminez and Morales in their
unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the
Dominican Government, left the United
States with the countenance of the
American Government under a mere
pretense of taking munitions of war to
Cuba.
President Heureaux arrived here to
day on the Dominican gunboat Restau
racion, about noon, from Great Inagua,
and was interviewed by the corre
spondent of the Associated Press.
General Heureaux said he had been
warned that Jiminez was conspiring
against htm by an official whom Jim
inez offered a post. He showed the
correspondent notes he had made of
the results of his investigation and also
a bundle of incriminating papers taken
from prisoners and from the bodies of
the slain at Monte Cristi.
It was in this connection that he de
veloped the striking fact of his belief
CONTROL BY
THIS COUNTRY
It Would Aid Business
in the Philippines.
ENGLISHMEN IN FAVOR OF IT
THEY CARRY ASSURANCES TO
EMBASSADOR HAY.
Men Largely Interested in the De
velopment of the Islands Most
Anxious for Uncle Sam
to Govern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June I.— Whatever may. be
the policy of the United Btates toward
the Philippine Islands the English capi
talists whose investments give them the
right to speak upon the conditions and
needs of the islands are of one mind.
Delegations of London men represent
ing some of the most important in
terests in the Philippines have called
upon Embassador Hay to urge him to
make representations to his Govern
ment of their desire that the United
States retain permanent .possession of
the Philippines. They are agreed in the
belief that with the guarantee of a
stable government the Philippines
would become a richer and even more
desirable possession than they now fire.
They are agreed also that the Spanish
rule is one which discourages business
enterprise and repels capital and that
the legitimate profits of their business
are mostly absorbed, by direct and in
direct bribes to Spanish officials.
Without liberal investments to secure ;
the favor of the ruling class, these gen- j
tlemen tell the Embassador that no
business operations can be conductf-.i
under the regime of Spain. The position
of the Philippine capitalists is one
which prevents them from making a
public declaration of their views.
Should the islands remain under .Span- |
lsh sovereignty that Government might
make conditions burdensome for busi
ness men who were on record as desir
ing a change and who had made revela
tions about Spanish misrule. They can
make known their desires only through
secret diplomatic channels as they have
The president of an important Philip
pine company having its principal of
fice In London, who presented a state
ment to the Embassador, discussed the
question with a representative of the
Associated Press, but only on condition
that his name be withheld. He gave
the usual recital of extortion by the
officials who come from Spain to these
Islands as they go to Cuba, with the
sote purpose of acquiring as much
money as possible in the shortest time.
He ridiculed the suggestion that the
Philippine insurgents could be induced
by the Spaniards to form an alliance
against the United States. The natives,
he declared, would welcome any power
which would relieve them from the
domination of Spain. He did not, how
ever, seem to place much confidence in
the good faith of the revolutionists and
incidentally remarked that he had
knowledge that more than one native
insurrection had teen inspired and pro
moted by Spanish officials' for the In
creased revenues which would come to
them through the transportation of
troops into the island to suppress the
Insurrection.
Under proper treatment, the natives,
although consisting of several races,
would be entirely tractable. The great
est difficulties encountered In managing
the islands would come from the relig
ious orders which had been accustomed
to squeeze the natives and had accum
ulated much valuable property. The
present Insurrection was as much an
uprising against the church as against
the government, and was conducted by
a secret society which had been organ
ized to oppose the priests, a sort of free
masonry, which had spread throughout
the islands. As an Instance of Spanish
Colonial government he said there was
but one road outside of Manila in th«
Island. The entire absence of public
works of all sorts was a great check to
business enterprises.
Careful investigation by the most ef
ficient engineers had provofl that the 1
cold deposits of ths Philippines were >
that the Fanita left the United States
with the countenance of the American
Government under a mere pretense of
sailing for Cuba.
President Heureaux coolly, but as if
he enjoyed a capital story, told how the
revolution was nipped in the bud and
how he had summarily executed nearly
all the prisoners, reserving those who
he thought might be used in obtaining
further information about the conspir
acy.
He described the flight of Jiminez as
"cowardly," and he said distinctly that
he could make no claim against the
United States Government, believing
that the Government had been misled,
through no fault of its own. More
over,' he said, he recognized the fu
tility of a feeble state like his own of
making a demand which he could not
enforce against so powerful a neighbor.
The papers seized, however, seemed to
show, he declared, that the leader of
the expedition had arranged to notify
the Americans by a secret code immed
iately if the movement was successful.
They also showed, he continued, that
Jiminez visited officials in Washington
frequently during the six weeks that
elapsed after he left Haytl.
amgngr the richest in the world and un
der conditions favorable to the develop
ment he was sure that the islands
would surpass Australia and South Af
rica as a gold country.
In conclusion this gentleman said the
American Government need not be de
terred by fear of the climate from in
vading the Philippines- with unseasoned
troops. During a residence of ten years
he had known but one epidemic of dis
ease and that was not a serious one.
BONDSMEN TO BE SUED.
Shortage of Monterey's Ex-Tax Col
lector Is About $22,0D0.
SALINAS, June 9.— The Board of Su
pervisors this afternoon ordered the Dis
trict Attorney to bring immediate suit
against the bondsmen of ex-Tax Collector
WeStlake to recover the amount of the
shortage In his accounts, amounting to
nearly 122,000. Attorneys Renison and
Jones will assist. The amount of bonds
is JG5.000, of which W. II Vanderhurst
J. 13. Iverson, Hiram Corey, A. B. Jack
son, J. H. McDougal and the- C. McFad
den estate nre for $10,000 each and An
drew Blomquest for $5000.
TORTURE O*F WOMEN.
Shocking Atrocities in Singapore for
Religious Purposes.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 9. - Sir
Charles Mitchell, Governor of the Straits
Settlement, arrived on the Empress of
Japan with Lady Mitchell. Mr. Mitchell
\ tells of the torturing of Kling women for
t religious purposes in the streets of Sing-a
! pore. A number of Kling women were
: marched from the temple in Serango with
i lances stuck through their tongues, ilps
'■ and cheeks, the eyes being thrust out.
; Thr men who accompanied them threw
I water in their faces.
International Chess.
VIENNA, June 9.— The games left ad
l journcd In the sixth round of the interna-
I tional chess masters' tournament were
concluded to-day as follows: "U'albrodt
beat Trenchard, Tarrasch beat Caro and
j Halprln and Schiffers drew. The game
1 reported yesterday as won by Baird from
Burn was really scored by the latter.
Washington's Big Wheat Crop.
SEATTLE, June 9.-Charles P. Cham
berlain of Spokane. Wash., receiver of the
Central Washington Railroad, estimates
that the Washington wheat crop this sea
son will yield 25,000,000 bushels— 3oo,ouo
more than last year.
Activity Among Tea Importers.
TACOMA, June 9.— lt Is reported here
that importers are making a quiet and
extraordinary effort to hurry all the tea
possible into America before the pros
pective high war duty shall become ef
fective.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
puwgaumm^gßM The Greeks were
BftSJlltt'.' ifT^-.^M man w ' 10 suffers . from
\«^r^==^—/l Wp*»» c pt i o in
disorders of the digestion. When the
digestion is bad the blood becomes im-
pure, and is imperfectly supplied with
the I food - elements that build up new
and healthy tissues, and tear y, down,
and carry away those that are inert and-
half-dead. The nerves are not rebuilt
from day to day with new, vigorous,
active fibers. Every organ, tissue, mus-
cle and nerve in the body is half famished
for healthy nutriment. Almost any dis-
ease in the category of human ills may be
the result ;of this condition. . Most fre- j
quently it is the most deadly of disorders
—consumption. Sometimes it is some.
other wasting disease. Again, it may be
scrofula or some skin disease.:
There is a sure preventive and remedy
for [ these conditions and maladies. It is
Dr. Pierces • Golden Medical Discovery. ;
It corrects all 'disorders of the digestion.
It restores the lost or failing appetite and
invigorates the liver. It; fills the arteries
with the pure,' rich, red blood of health.
It builds new, firm flesh, healthy, active
■ nerve fibers, and strong elastic muscles. j
It "cures 98 'per cent, of all cases of con
sumption, and wasting diseases. , It cures
nervous prostration. Druggists sell it. ? ;
; The man who is too lazy or neglectful to take
an occasional dose of medicine to ward off the ■
evil effects of constipation deserves to die. ; And
: he will surely get his deserts, for constipation Is
the first cause of much ■ sickness. Dr. , Pierce*
Pleasant Pellets cure constipation.* 1 They. never
: rrlpe. One little X Pellet gj is a gentle laxative,
■ and two a mild cathartic. : All , g^od drurelsts
sell them. No other pills are as good.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our young, little soldiers are just tickled with our new
Soldier Overalls for 'cm — those with white stripes, with bib andr
oross guns on bib.
Had an awful rush Monday, and we have been filling orders
in rotation ever since.
Friday we will have 200 dozen more of 'em to sell you/
there'll be no delays, and all these Soldier Overalls cost you is
The proud bird of American
liberty, the spread eagle, woven
in silk upon a beautiful blue
Tarn o' Shanter for little folk? ,
would be regularly in our Chil-
dren's Hat Department $1.
Friday and Saturday they'll be
50c.
Names of our
:j ~ :=:::::=: various battle-
ships with gilt
}E# d letters upon fine
"«L '_£] sil'c bands, upon
l^>A^3si«/ • the- prettiest of
ni\*\Xt) blue Tarn o'
y\\* *|||/ Shanters. will
be another feat-
ure in our Children's Hat De-
partment Friday and Saturday
at
50c.
A swell sailor event, and we'll
state to you that it's a $6 line of
goods and the prettiest lot of
sailors with patriotic emblems,
and all of 'em chaste, refined
sailors for the little folk*:. They
come in the rich and new shade
of blue ; som*. have inlaid col-
lars, but,summing 'em up as a
whole i hey' re £6 goods. You'll
be given your pick of any of 'em
on both Friday and Saturday at
. VCjQ
000000000 \ v \ ill.// / OOOOOOOOOi
Q: .-'..-.. ■ O —!!■>"'■<■ -J \ 1 (if I \\mj\ffl -} ■ V O 'O
o Crash Suits ir^C^\A\\\ I \ Will I/// /$ O Mis'. er Man— q .
g and TTfct£,g QS$M^ W'''WV/J} © IFn " f '*• mm ° S O
q Dttcfc Trousers _ «<Cf\igPyO ' {&% jS^J^jkj^'/Mr A O wjoyabie , ride OJ'^
for men— of q "^W^^T^ M MB MaMayr/Sm ® ° n yOur wheel 'O -
0 course you knoxo Q B^MMMy§/^3 ' ° WhV ' £A * n ' Ut *** ° :
Qwe m are - , head- q -N.^ ' - _i. -^^w*^*^^^ : O y° w out.***<* O '
■ Qiqjiarters for q .C ''^ H^ao^^^^ - 4 O Bike Suit. ©
O ;hese good*. q ' II - IS'l5 "• © °
000000000 4£jr KFAPNV ST 0000000
r^^ 1 FRISCO BOYS
The Soldier Golf Cap.
The white duck, with cross
guns, with black patent leather
visors, are the ones for girls;
awfully sweet, awfully swell
awfully soldier-like.
The brown denim, with blaoh ■■
patent leather visor, with cross
guns, for boys. We have never
shown a prettier cap at 50c.
On Friday and Saturday
these will be
: 29c.
i^jfijk. That popular-
4rj^Bk Madge Linen
— * ij& Collar, the
df. three-inch , coir- \
Aa^^Sit \ l ar that's so
y*!~^s~^w f) fashionable and
! j|' <^"^ popular with
4L a^RW^J the ladies. This
N^^p 3^. I ' is in conjunc-
tion with our
Marlborough. Two of the swell- 1
est collars shown this season,
and no collar in town at 250 is !
a whit better. This will be
pleasant news to the ladies when ,
we state that the sizes are now \
complete and a big quantityjoA .
you to draw upon at
10c.
The hit of our lives has been ■
scored with the Dewey Alpine, '^
one of the s welles t hats for irn n, \
that we have ever shown.
You get it in pearl, with pearl
band and black bin ling. Can
you imagine anything t that's
swcller? Then there's the new , 1
shade of cinnamon brown, with
seal brown trimmings. Then >\
there's the staple black that all \
admire, and the stock is every I
bit as good as the $2 hat of the
exclusive hatters.
These at ■
95c.
34
PLAUDIT FINDS
HIS WATERLOO
Han dOr Wins the La
tonia Derby.
CONLEY RIDES THE VICTOR
GRAND CONTEST FROM START
TO FINISH.
Nothing Like It Since the Days of
Tenbroeck — World's Mile
and a Half Record
Broken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, June 9.— The mighty
has fallen. Plaudit, the greatest three
year-old of the year, met his first defeat
of the season to-day in the Latonia
Derby, after one of the grandest con
tests ever witnessed on the Western
turf. Han dOr is the colt that lowered
the colors of the Madden pride, and in
doing it he also lowered the world's .
record for a mile and a half. Ten thou- j
eand people cheered Han dOr as he
came down the stretch like a wild !
horse and looking every Inch a winner, j
Martin was whipping Plaudit and rid
ing like a demon. A hundred yards \
from the wire Plaudit made a gallant
effort to come up, but it was of no use,
his speed and endurance were gone and j
Han dOr crossed the wire a winner by
three lengths, amid great excitement in
the grand stand and loud cheers from
the hundreds of stable hands In the I
field.
No race run at Latonia ever created
more enthusiasm and every horseman
on the track pronounced it the grand
est race since the days of Tenbroeck.
The track, contrary to expectations,
•was lightning fast and all conditions
favored good time being made. The
race from a time standpoint was a
most remarkable one. There were but
two starters and little time was lost in
getting them away from the post. The
pair went away heads together and
Han dOr at once set out to make his
own pace. The first half mile was
covered in 50 seconds, the six furlongs
in 1:14^4, seven furlongs in I:27 Vz, mile
in 1:40*4, mile and an eighth in 1:54 and
the mile and a quarter in 2:O"Vi, the
final time being 2:32V6, which is a
quarter of a second better than any
previous record.
Plaudit could never overtake Han
d« >r from the start. The latter led by
three lengths until the stretch was
reached, when Plaudit tried to make his
run, but the killing pace had told on
him and Han dOr won in handy
fashion.
Jockey Conley, who rode the winner,
was surrounded by a large crowd after
he dismounted and was carried to the
scale room on the shoulders of several j
enthusiastic friends.
Plaudit was always 1 to 7 in the bet
ting, while as good as 5 to 1 could be
had on Han d' Or. The Derby Is worth
$5009 to the winner, which is the prop
erty of George A. Singerly. Results:
First race, mile, selling— Kimurasakl
•won, Harry Games second, Panchita II
third. Time, 1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs— Harry Har
dee won, Billy Bouse second, Estabrooks
third. Time, l:0i\.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Board
Marker won, Terralie second. Oral third.
Time. 1:16^.
Fourth race, the Latonia Derby, value
$7620, mile and one-half— Han dOr (Con
ley) won. Plaudit (Martin) second. Time
2:32 V
Fifth race, four and one-half furlongs—
Beana won. Duplicate second, Glad Hand
third. Time, 0:55%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Gid
Law won, Turtle Dove second. Ma Ange
llne third. Time, 1:1S%.
CHICAGO, June 9.— Track slow. Re-
Bults at Harlem:
First race, five furlongs— Martha Fox
won. Pirate Judge second. Judge Wllcox
third. Time, 1:0s.
Second race, mile and ft sixteenth—Har
ry Shannon won, Morte Fonse second
Banquo II third. Time, 2:01%.
Third race, four furlongs— Spirltuell«%
won. Espionage second, Elsie G third
Time, 0:o34.
Fourth 'race declared off.
Fifth race, six furlongs— O'Connell won.
Pinar del Rio second, Will Elliott third
Time, 1:22.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Al Fresco
won, Nathanson second, Pensoroso third
Time, 1:3634.
ST. LOUIS, June 9.— Track heavy.
Results:
First race, five furlongs. Dr. Sam won.
Good Hope second, Si* Gation third. Time,
Second race, five furlongs. Pell Mell
II won, Bulgarian second. Woodcut third.
Time, 1:04%.
Third race, one mile, selling, Deerfoot
won, Monte Ronico second, Helen H
Gardner third. Time, \AbVf,.
Fourth race, Golden Rod stakes, value
$1500. for three-year-olds, seven furlongs,
selling. Crocket won. Her Favor second
Found third. Time. 1:30%.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards. Gold
Band won, Colonel Gay second, Linda
third. Time. 1:49%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling, Mont
gomery won, Horseshoe Tobacco second,
Jackanapes third. Time, 1.16>i.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Results at
Graveaend:
First race, five furlongs, Cormorant
won. Sir Hubert second, Kirkwood third.
Time, 1:02^.
Second race, mile and a Quarter, Peep
o' Day won, Don de Oro second, On Deck
third. Time. 2:03.
Third race, four and a half furlongs.
Counselor Wernberg won. King Dan sec
ond, Milk-r third. Time, :55%.
Fourth race, Falcon stakes, mile and a
sixteenth, selling. Sanders won, Nut sec
ond. Blew Away third. Time, 1:49%.
Fifth race, mile, Cleophus won. Juno
second. Dona Dea third. Time, 1:43.
DETROIT, June 9.— Results at Highland
Park:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Tally
Ho won, Prima second, Wenlock third
Time, 1:15.
Second race, five furlongs, selling—Re
vanna won, Term Day second. Thanks
giving third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, six furlonps. selling— Fay
Belle won, Skillman second, Eggles third.
Time, 1:16,
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs—
Pebtaze won, Contravene second, Mousel- i
toff third. Time, O.Ktt.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Belzara
won, Onalaska second, Barney Adler
third. Time, 1:43%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— The Monon
won. Pearl second, Hums third. Time,
1:42%.
MARRIES A RESCUER.
Evangelina Cisneros Becomes the
Wife of Carlos F. Carbonel.
BALTIMORE, June 9.— Miss Evan
gelina Cisneros. whose romantic escape
from a Spanish prison in Havana sev
eral months ago will be recalled, was
married here to-day to Carlos F. Car
bonel, who assisted in her rescue. After
the ceremony the happy couple left for
Washington.
Rebellion in China.
HONGKONG, June 9.— lt is an
nounced in a dispatch here from Canton
that a rebellion has broken o*ut at Chow
chow-fu in the Province of Kwantung.
The rebels have captured the city, killed
a magistrate, his wife and others, and
nave burned the Yamen. Troops have
been sent to the scene of the outbreak.
A serious disturbance has also broken
out at Nyng-po, Province of Cho-klang.
SAUSALITO'S
POOLROOMS
A New Concern Open
for Business.
CLOSED BY TOWN MARSHAL
WILL MAKE A TEST IN THE
COURTS.
Harvey and Harrison's Monopoly
Threatened and a Legal
Battle Royal Is
Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAT'SALTTO, June 9.— The poolroom
question has reached a critical point. If
Buckley's "nephew," Harrison, and Joe
Harvey are to retain their supremacy as
monopolists they must marshal their
forces and prepare for a battle royal in
the courts of law.
Yesterday morning a rival poolroom
opened on Water street, Just opposite
Harrison's quarters, in the rear of the
Buffalo Hotel, and printed notices scat
tered round the town and on the ferry
boats announced that Glenn, Boyer &
Humphreys were in the betting arena.
These dealers were engaged in selling
pools at San Mateo until the authorities
decided that the resorts there must go.
The intention of the trio in transferring
their business to this place was to see
whether or not the Board of Trustees
has the right to issue licenses. If the
proper tribunals decide otherwise they
probably intend to assist in running the
town "wide open" as long as the other
dealers are permitted to remain. If, on
the other hand, it is concluded the board
has such right, then pressure will be
brought to bear with the object in view
of securing a license.
Glenn, Boyer & Humphreys have a pe
tition for a license now before the board,
which decided at a meeting held last
evening to give it due consideration. Ac
cordingly early in the afternoon Marshal
Hannon served a notice on the rival trio
that they must "shut up shop" until the
board issued its ukase. After a confer
ence they agreed to do this.
Then it was that the fine hand of Henry
Schwartz began its work. Attorney Hep
burn Wilkins of San Rafael was tele
graphed for by Schwartz and came to
Sausalito on the 3:40 p. m. train. Schwartz
was waiting to receive him. and the two
went uptown, earnestly conversing.
It is reported that the original intention
was to issue a license only to William H.
Harrison, the nephew of ex-Boss Buck
ley, but Harvey exerted too strong a
pressure to be resisted and also secured
a license. Now the entrance of Schwartz
on the scene presents a new factor to be
dealt with. It is commonly expected that
a "warm time" all around will be the re
sult."
BOSTON AGAIN WINS
FROM CINCINNATI
Tie Game Settled by a Lucky Hit,
Closing Up the Gap for the
Pennant.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club»— W. L. Pet.' Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..29 13 .6?0 Pittsburg ...22 22 .500 !
Boston 23 16 .651 Philadelphia 18 21 .450
Cleveland ...28 15 .601 Brooklyn ....16 23 .410
Baltimore ...23 15 .605 Washington 15 27 .357
New Y0rk. ..22 20 .524 St. Louis 14 2S .333 i
Chicago 22 21 .512 Louisville ...14 31 .311
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The Senators
won an errorless game by good hitting.
Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 9 16 0
Pitt?burg 16 0
Batteries — Weyhlng and McGulre; Hart and
Schrlver. Umpires — Lynch and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, June 9.— Both pitchers
were hit hard and often to-day. The
Orioles were slightly more fortunate in
bunching their hits, while the visitors'
errors were costly. Attendance 800.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore S 15 3
Louisville 6 14 4
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Ehret and
Snyder. Umpires — Snyder and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, June 9.— The Phillies
defeated St. Louis this afternoon in a
well played game. Hughey and Donohue
pitched good ball and were well support
ed. Attendance 2800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 6 2
Philadelphia 6 7 1
Batteries — Hughey and Clements; Donohue
and McFarland. Umpires— Emslte and Curry.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Brooklyn lost
again to-day at Washington Park on ac
count of the all-round better playing of
the Clevelands. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 2 5 5
Cleveland U 13 2
Batteries— Miller, Hansford and Ryan: Powell
and Criger. Umpires— Wood and Swartwood.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Doheny's erratic
twirling lost to-day's game. In the eighth
Umpire McDonald put Grady out of the
game for protesting against a decision.
Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 8 12 7
Chicago 10 10 5
Batteries— Doheny and Warner and Zearfoss;
Wood, Kilroy and Donohue. Umpires—McDon
ald and O'Day.
BOSTON. June 9.— After Cincinnati had
tied the game to-day in the ninth Stl
vetts, who batted ror Klobedanz, won the
game for Boston by a home run after two
strikes had been called. Attendance 3350.
Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Boston 8 11 I
Cincinnati 6 9 0
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen: Hill, Dam
man and Vaughan. Umpires— Cushman and
Heydler.
SHOT TO DEATH WHILE
RESISTING ARREST
Angel Soto, a Mexican, While Crazy
Drunk, Is Killed by Two San
Jose. Officers.
SAN JOSE, June 9.— Angel Soto, a Mexi
can, was shot and killed this evening by
Policemen Hughes and Bateman while
resisting arrest. About 7:30 o'clock word
was received at the police station that
a man was chasing women and children
out of a house with a knife on Orchard
street, near Pond. When the police, ar
rived the man refused to surrender and
made a lunge at Bateman with a knife.
The officer broke his club over his assail
ant and then he and Hughes fired several
shots to frighten him. Boto, who had
evidently' been drinking, still made an at
tempt to kill the officers, and both fired
directly at him. Two bullets penetrated
his heart.
Soto was about 30 years of age, and
about a year ago moved to San Francisco
with his wife. A short time after she
ran away to Santa Barbara with another
man and Soto returned here. He had
served several terms in the County Jail
for petty offenses.
Will Receive Communion in a Body.
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. Ignatius Church will receive
their monthly communion at the Cathe
dral on Hayes street at the 7:30 o'clock
mass next Sunday morning and in the
evening at vespers, being the feast of
Corpus Christ!, will participate in the sol
emn procession of the Blessed Sacrament
The League of the Sacred Heart asso
ciated with the Gentlemen's Sodality will
visit Camp Mtrritt every evening and
Sunday afternoons to enroll volunteers
anxious to join the league.
Bear-Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRAy CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJNE 10, 1898.
LOS ANGELES
WATER FIGHT
Shall the City Have Its
Own Plant?
SOLE TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
SCHEMES TO DEFEAT THE
PROJECT.
Mayor Snyder and Councilman
Hutchinson on the Alert and
Working for the Pub
lic Interest.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 9.— The water
question Is again becoming the sole
topic of discussion in municipal gov
ernment matters and within sixty days
its settlement will be effected in this
far — the point will be decided as to
whether or not municipal operation of
the plant will be obtained.
A strong effort is being made to com
plicate and confuse the public mind by
injecting into the fight at this juncture
a proposition for partial ownership by
the city of the lighting plant. Mayor
Snyder and Councilman Hutchinso-n
are thoroughly posted on this scheme
>and have taken a bold stand against
it. They state that when the water
question is disposed of then they will
favor the city purchasing the full and
complete lighting plant and operating
the same not only for the city, but for
private customers who may be best
served by the city's plant.
In a few days there will be a Joint
meeting of the City Council, directors
of the water company and Mayor Sny
der to discuss matters and make one
last effort to arrive at an understand
ing. Very little hope is held out that
anything can be effected.
E. Woltman, representing Kessler &
Co., the New York bankers, who have
made a proposition to the city to take
the present plant clear of all legal dif
ficulties and operate it, has returned
from New York to renew and further
explain what his principal will do to
secure thirty years' lease. During
the next six weeks there will be some
busy times here in the water imbroglio
and the outcome cannot be predicted.
SAILED WITHOUT PAPERS.
For Neglecting to Properly Clear
From Kingston a Steamer
Is Seized.
PHILADELPHIA, June 9.— Captain
Aarhuus of the German steamer
Srhleswig, which has arrived here from
Kingston, Jamaica, was given a hearing
before Collector of the Port Thomas on
a charge that he violated the maritime
laws in attempting to enter this port
without first having obtained clearance
papers from the customs officers of
Kingston. After hearing his case Col
lector Thomas decided that the captain
should make a deposit of $5000 for his
liability, pending final action.
Captain Aarhuus refused to deposit the
sum, and the case was referred to Wash
ington for final action. Meanwhile the
Schleswig is In the custody of the cus
toms authorities.
When the agents of the Schleswig ap
plied to Consul Dent at Kingston for a
bill of health the Consul's office had
been closed for the night, and the Schles
wig sailed early the next morning with
out the necessary papers. This offense
is punishable by a fine of $5000.
TWO FISHERMEN DROWNED.
Their Boat Capsized in Suisun Say
During a Fierce Gale.
DUTTONS LANDING, Cal.. June 9.—
In the heavy gale which prevailed here
last night the fishing boat of George Bal
abaca and John Morisano was capsized
on what is known as the "Flats," a por
tion of Suisun Bay, and near Grizzly Isl
and. Both men were drowned. Search
ing parties are out, but as the bodies have
not yet been found it is supposed that the
high tide carried them into the tules. The
men were both Greeks, and have long
been fishing near here.
m Is the way that "Hudyan" went when it was not absolutely %■
'm ■■ certain that It really did all that was claimed for It. The results % .
m of the 20,000 trials are 20,000 cures. "Hudyan" does for men what % '
m nothing else on earth can do. It makes up for follies. "Hud- %
a yan" stamps out disease. . It makes the man who' Is lazy m
■ - bright: it makes the man who Is weak strmg-. It does this ■ m
■ - - ■ because" It is a remedy which has been tested by the biff ■
■ •' minis of the whole medical world— then pronounced |i? ■
•■■■■■ each anl cw7 one of them to be GRAND. It is true that It ■
I took the Hudsonian doctors years to perfect It. But the great B
3 ■'■• - ',■■"• work done by this remedio-treatment has Justified the time I
i'j'>i^B£ and all the expense taken. : Circulars and testimonials telling I
Q you Just how these 20, (*0 men regard "Hudyan" are as free I
■ ■• • as air to you. Write. The address is " ■
1 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, /
• % Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco. '■§?.
/TN V THE HOME AND THE onl £ HOME OF I
GOLD RICK LINE
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.; AGENTS,
609 MARKET STREET, V
Beg to announce that in consequence of their , having chartered the steamer
Morgan git v:
.to the Government they have i decided to substitute the
Favorite, Speedy and TTTTI|JrT%/\T ■'^W^WV^
Elegantly Appointed HUmBOLDT
steamer lI U ITI!SUIjLJI
in her place in the Alaskan trade. The HUMBOLDT has been the V favorite steam-
ship i running: between • this port and Dyea and Skaeuay this sealon havinir m^Se
the quickest run without accident or detention. " season, Having maae
THE HUMBOLDT
- :.'.."-:,.-: Will be dispatched from CLAY STREET WHARF at 3 o'clock on
pointed river ; steamers in the trade. -^ '- v * . - ■■• most Deaunrull ' a P-
Passengers holding tickets ,on - the • Steamer MORGAN CITY are reauested to
HUMBOLDT 116 *; 811 "^.^ Passenger Office and exchange them for ticket on the
For freight and passage apply to the ./ . '
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
608 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO: - 112 YESLFR WAY, SEATTLE.
MORE TROUBLE
IN THE ORIENT
Chinese Burn a Japan
ese Consulate.
RIOTERS RAMPART AT SHASHI
MIKADO SENDS WARSHIPS TO
THE SCENE.
All Foreign Residences Along the
Yang-Tse Destroyed— Reported
Murder of Three
Missionaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, June 9.— Oriental ad
vices are to the effect that China and
Japan are having trouble again. Com
plications have occurred in China, one
after another, and now the Japanese
consulate at Shashi has been burned
down.
It seems that rioters at Shashi raided
the Japanese consulate, set fire to the
building and also destroyed all foreign
residences along the river Yangtse. A
Shanghai dispatch says the rioters are
believed to have been instigated by
Chinese officials who were recently dis
charged from service. On receipt of the
news of the riot the Minister of the
Navy issued instructions to the com
manders of the cruiser Ta Kao at
Shanghai and the gunboat Maya at Sa
zecho to immediately proceed to the
scene of the disturbance for the protec
tion of the Japanese residents.
H. M. S. Esk has also been ordered
to the scene of the outrage.
A major in the Russian army ac
companied by a number of non-com
missioned officers has been negaged in
a topographical survey of Haamg Yong
and Kai Won, Korea. The party re
cently arrived at Wr.-nsan and is re
ported to have .committed gross out
rages on women and others along the
road. They murdered a Korean and
afterward proceeded to a police station
and killed one af the sergeants. After
this they attacked a church where a
French missionary lived, but were re
pulsed by the latter, who fired a pistol
at them.
It is reported that three missionaries
of the International Missionary Alli
ance have been murdered in the prov
ince of Bunan. The name of one of the
victims is given as Mr. Chapin, son of
a former missionary of the American
board.
PACIFIC COAST PEOPLE PAID.
Bomfl of the Most Valid Claims Al-
lowed in the Omnibus Bill.
WASHINGTON, June o.— ln the "omni- !
bus claims bill," which passed the senate ''
this afternoon were a number of claims of
Interest to the Pacific slope. The Union |
Iron Works gets $14,74r> in settlement of
an old claim. Chester B. Sweet of Cali
fornia gets $199 erroneously paid by him
on a pre-emption at Sl.asta in USD. Ex-
Postmaster William J. Bryan of San
Francisco, $9671 in settlement of hjs postal
money order fund account. This is the
amount of the embezzlement by James S. I
Kennedy, formerly mor^y order clerk. M.
S. Heilman of Canyon City, Or., is ,
charged $1000 in settlement of all claims
of the United States against him on an
old commissary account of 1«71 which is
now ordered closed. Ex-Register W. A.
Starkweather of the Oregon City land
office gets $2170 paid by him for clerk hire, i
Peter G. Stewart of Gervais, Or., receive*
$7500 for property taken by the United i
States in 1^32 from him to form a part of j
the Columbia River Military Reservation.
CONFERENCE OF HEBREWS.
NEW YORK, June 9.— An Important
conference of members of the Jewish
faith of this country and Canada, which
may effect Important and radical
changes in that religion, Is sitting in the
Spanish and Portuguese synagogues
here. The conference is the outcome of
a great deal of discussion among the
orthodox Jews, who have fe'.t for some
time that too many of the younger ele
ment of the faith were slipping away.
The conference, it was said, may result
in a radical departure from some of the
observances of the Jewish faith that
have obtained for ages.
Subscrib.rs camping at localities alcng thelne of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their c?mp by sending name and location
__^ of camp to The Call Subscr.pticn Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
/ ' ;
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
■> Dancing. Tennis. Bowling, Billiards. Croquet.
Handball. Shuf fit board. Livery and Burros for j
the children.
RATES— and hotel cottages; $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address '- ■
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth »t., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most pha-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
•ports. Music, da. "Ing, pyrotechnic*, water
carnival. etc . . -^ •
HOTEL METROPOLE N
Always open; modern appointments; j:flcient
management.' .• i >.:•-
ISLAND VILLA .
Open July 1. SPLENDID . AiiKA>iGEMENT
. ■ for campers. • .
. Full Information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlet*. ....
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
! unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
i picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
I of access; telephone connections and dally mall. '
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco, 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F.. »8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend, 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For ' ' terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. .Manager.
OUIOPO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
■MvllliliA On ly 4% hours' from S. F. and
UllnvUv but 9 miles' staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good ..trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLASS |
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
' This delightful watering place Is located Id
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
On Ho well Mountain; elevation ' 1750 < feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees;: climate unsurpassed: chalybeate j
and . other springs: tennis, croquet, riding, i
driving, $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally; |
four houis from city, •■• Telephone. - ,
E. ;ANGWIN. Anjrwin. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
;■■ ■' Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast. '
For particulars write 'to EDSON BROS., Bes- '
wick, Slsklyou County, Cal. ■ ?
' ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
. Natural advantages; salubrious Ilmcte; ple
turesque scenery: mountain walks; . pure
spring . water; beautiful -• drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The . best advantages: for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. Cal. -..■ ,■-•?
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. 1 Fare S. F. to Calaveras i
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 80 Montgomery street. j
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful : waters;-** all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time: - kid-
1 ; ney, liver, v catarrh, v rheumatism and ■ stomach
troubles' Immediately relieved: rates; $10 to $1S
per week. -Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HATS, Proprietor. Lake County.. .;-;
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
. - Two ■ miles ■'. from ; Uopland ; . ■ unequaied •• soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
s nished cottages; ' terns • *10 to *12 ' per ■ week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
: Proprietor. Hopland. - Cal.".; ■-:;-. •■; •,.-.' , : ■; "-.; ■:. ■.:-.,
Vif TOCALOMA. MM c \ ria
BERTRAND HOTEL.
-'First - class -accommodations; '•" reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to ; Bear Valley ;
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st!
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
. Good cheer and home comforts. >" Best location
for driving to all' points of interest on or near
the r leke. Boats free to guests."- ■ For circular ■
and terms address E. B. , SMITH & CO.. • Bijou :
Postorflce, Cal. ' .<■ .">'.;•• ■. ;: v;,.-. ■'.-.^.,. ■.,,"- *^o
DEER PARK INN
. (Lake Tahoe). elevation : 6607 -' feeet, i opens June
■ 1. •"? Fine ■■ accommodation*. '■? Cottages * with '* prl- '■
rate baths and open fires. ' Table unsurpassed •
'R. R. rates,-" $13 60 for * ROUND TRIP, iJ. s'
i.thry. room 1. ■ Flood bulldlns. San Francisco. i
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE, and
RECREATION
.s along SAN FRANCISCO and
THE LINE
of the NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of. California.) -
. If you want to camp, pitch a. tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over TOO, well
Mucked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life visit one if our many
Mineral. Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the \oire ' life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camplnß grounds are free.'. ■ ■-V.v-
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. CIO Market st. (Chronicle rulldlng). or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along- the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties. .
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, flong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camp's.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 630 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office. Mutual Life bulldlns. Sansoma
and California sts. ■'
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
gILROY HOT SPRING!
Under new management.
A £Ji
MECCA 533
For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortcni and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
-L- <*%& . OAKLAND,
"i««^t l nnrlftr^a*3 Only 35 minutes
jjW^yjJMIyUJUJP cis:o, .
■i3SpW3Sp:nrg A desirable resort for
sSggffiE^ Families, Travelers
and Tourists.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. ' Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees .of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it Is
clean, no poison oak. Ino pests. And pure air
and pure water. -Address MRS. H. f.f. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
Ml 4-49 n No staging : to get there.
111/ I '»■ no f0B ' mosquitoes cr
JTmJ LI HI winds when vnu are
■..:•,' there. . Table unsurpassed
Rates Jin. $12, $14 a week.
C* • •■■"•• Round trip tickets $7. W.
\f)l*lflflTC h , r MltphPll - > Manager:
till:^ L,, v dinr en ' Agent - Call
t»J »/ m. AlXi^kJ Building.
CARLSBAD!"
MOST BEAUTIFUL' SPOj, IN LAKE COUNTY
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures - when everything ' else failed ■ es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel-
superior accommodations; ■JS • to " $10 - per we-k;
roads : excellent ; good trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars /rite W.
R. McGOVERN. ; Carlsbad, Lake County.
/7 fiflflD T Flfir And good treat-
tn W UUUU LLWIV ment bo hand In
jfr In hand at HOTEL GISELMAN
«\ : '"}■s L&keport. Cal.
!>^^ A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
. PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles ■ from Cazadero, ' on stage line
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; • free conveyance" . for : parties of two or
more: " grand ted wood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma - County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. P., for par-
ticulars. ;. r :-.:■)'■■-.;■ • \ ■...-.'. ■.-.,.:.. ;..-■-. " . :■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIISGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib-
uron ferry. Warm ' mineral swimming and tub
baths. j Hotel completely remodeled enJ refur-
nished. Water, gas, -electric bells. r_ites $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
-CaLv. -i-. A'■-■■■,-\v:-,•./.•;.'A '■-■■■, -\v : - ,•./.•;.' : ■'..'■■.■:■ •■:'.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
_, - . . -'V Lakeport. Col. ■■- ■"l-'--.,:?;-~-,5<!
Situated on the < shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; ,', special facilities for families
and children; home cooking, boating.^bathing,
fishing; rates ; reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. : ' - '
' s; LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. > New •?; management. Beautifully
situated on Upper i Blue Lake. . Lake Co., Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m.. arrive ; Trianon 5 p.- m.
Fishing, hunting, ; boating , and - bathing. Supe-
rior table. .Chlcl: in dinners Sunday Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. «. $7 to $10 ler week.
W. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co.. CaL
El Paso de Robfes Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never.... Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED .
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTrT~AND PLEASURE
"resort on the COAST.
resident PHYSICIAN.
mud AND sulphur BATHS.
soda springs.
■;:>■• iron springs,
new hotel and COTTAGES.
paid ORCHESTRA. .
For information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
meant SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAI*
springs in America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
! ing alley First-class accommodations: rates
| reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
; Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francl*co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. ■-, -•
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming ~.nke. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenxo River.
2 hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Pant*
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crux
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
! Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop.. South Be»
Lomond.
BEN LOMOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal. . . ■■•'.'•.:•-.•■-.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of ihe redwoods, 1
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Crui.
Magnificent mountain '.cenery; 'vatlon 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottage* for families. Stage fare, 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
HOWARD pSta nn h gs p o.
livr TT nivi/ LAKE countV
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific of flea, (11
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 1§»
' miles; fare. $6 45: daily stage to springs. 9
miles; fare. $1; ejevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel tor
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflca
in hotel: rates, $10 and up: tend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAJ>
BRIDGE, Proprietor. . : .
HOTEL- DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to
M. S. COX. Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
- Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing .'ree:
$S to $14 per week; round trip. $9 60. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., nertha P. 0.. Lake County." CaL
MONTE VISTA.
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. .' Springs of
pure -soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista. Dutch
Flat, Placer County. Cal. : ' ■ :
BURLINGAME.
(San' Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address • IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. . Elevation. 6009 feet.
Dally mall. Telephone connections. ■ New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co.. C&l.
; : JOHANNISBERG.
- Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. „ Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
. JOHANNISBERq RESORT. Napa, Cal.
SUMMER HOME farm.
'Santa Cruz Mountains, 'first-class '■ family re-
eort; cottages, tents, ■ hunting and fishing: ar-
tificial » lake for >. boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 60. Send for circular to J. H. lIAESTER3.
Glenwood. Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
.-- Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
ing, " fishing. v boating, ; swimming: v table sup-
i plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME. Proprietors. Sod* Bay.
I ; Kelseyvllle. Lake ; County. Cal. : ; . ■
WRITE W. H. MILLKK. I 'Ulan, 'or livery ac-
• : commodations ■to • springs :In ' Lake and , Men-
- doclno ' counties to save money. - ' / ■ .A BIG CAMP AT THE PRESIDIO
Troops at Richmond Will Be
Moved to the Reserv
ation.
Arrival at Oakland of the Fifty-First Regiment
of lowa Volunteers — Transports
for Manila.
On high moral grounds and for
sanitary reasons General Merriam,
XJ. S. A., commanding the Depart
ment of California, yesterday de
cided to abandon Camp Merritt at
the Bichmond District and place the
soldiers in camp on the Presidio res
ervation. The subject had been un
der consideration for several days
and engaged such earnest thought
that Dr. Lippincott of the medical de
partment was ordered to report on
the sanitary condition of the big
camp at Richmond.
The troops designated for the next
expedition to the Philippines will re
main at Camp Merritt until orders are
received by them to go aboard the
ships. Organizations listed for the
third and succeeding expeditions may
be transferred to the Presidio within
the next we. k
When the K^neral use of the Presidio
as a camping' ground was considered
by the military authorities the fact
"was taken Into consideration that the
reservation cmild not be made conven
ient for the uses desired unless light
and water corporations were granted
certain privileges. Officers have been
taugrlit by long experience that pri
intorests, once securing a foot
hold 'vi Government property, seldom
relinquish the advantages of occu
pancy. The civilian influence is pow
erful, as there is a. voting prestige be
hind it, while the military can only
protest. This branch of the subject re
ceived careful reflection, but the points
presented were not deemed of sufficient
weight to offset the advantages from a
THIRD EXPEDITION.
War Department Orders It to Leave on
or Before June 25.
The third expedition to Manila will sail from San Francisco two weeks
from to-morrow. The transports will be the Senator, City of Puebla and the
Ohio. Early yesterday morning, according to reliable advices from head
quarters, General Otis received a dispatch from the War Department
through General Merritt, informing him that the third expedition must
leave this port ten days after the departure of the second. From the fact
that the brigade formation at Camp Merritt is only temporary, it is very dif
ficult to say just what troops will compose the third expedition, but from a
prominent officer it was learned that the Seventh California. Thirteenth
Minnesota and Twentieth Kansas would certainly be among the troops se
l.-<tt-<i to >ro. These with additional troops will form a brigade, and will be
□landed by one of the three brigadier generals. The general impres
sion seems to be that General H. G. Otis will have the preference shown him
oyit Generals Miller and King.
military point of view which would re
sult from the encampment of the
troops on land wholly under the con
trol of the Government.
At Camp Merritt certain regulations
cannot be enforced without violating
the ordinance against closing the pub
lic streets. On the Presidio the mili
tary authority is absolute and unques
tioned. Regulations to exclude dis
reputable men and women may be en
forced. It was said by a prominent of
ficer yesterday: "We can exclude lewd
women from the camp on the Presidio
which we cannot do at the camp on the
Bay District."
It was ascertained last evening that
all the regiments to arrive will be en
camped on the Presidio, and as soon
as practicable the troops now at Camp
Merritt, not included In the next Ma
nila expedition, will be moved to the
reservation. Hereafter closer atten
tion will be paid to the observance of
sanitary rules.
The action of the medical department
of the army in taking steps to improve
the sanitary condition of Camp Merritt
mmendable and timely. If the
neglect obvious at Camp Merritt should
be repeated at Manila the results
might be appalling. The Call yester
day directed an expert examination to
be made of the camp and its drainage
facilities. Following Is the report of
the expert:
'< lamp Merritt Is without proper sew
erage faciliti'-s.
"The streets on the boundaries of the
camp have sewers. Those in what was
originally the Bay District track are
without sewers. The plan for caring
for the sewage of the camp consists
in the construction of vaults for closets
— four for each regiment. These are
dug ten or twelve feet In depth and
each day are filled partly with sand and
freely sprinkled with chloride of lime.
"In nearly every regiment the cook
tents are close against the vaults and
the stench arising from the latter is
quite noticeable. Small holes are sunk
in the ground near the kitchens into
which the dishwater and in many
casts the garbage of the camps are
dumped.
"The detail for disposing of the gar
bage seems wholly Inadequate, for in
many camps piles of garbage are In
evidence, notwithstanding the fact that
K:nl>age cans are provided for its re-
Ce "Camp Merritt is a city of 11,000 in
habitants, occupying one-tenth the
space ordinarily occupied by the same
number of civilians. The camp Is with
out sewerage facilities, and this in the
midst of homes is a subject for consid
eration by the health authorities."
Major General Merritt was a busy man
yesterday at headquarters. Department
of the Pacific. Whrn asked If he had re
ceived telegrams from the Secrt>tarv of
War urging hasty departure of the Phil
ippine, expeditionary' forces, he replied
that no such messages had been received.
The sailing orders, as announced In The
Call yesterday, have not been changed.
The squadron to soil next Wednesday
will consist of five ships.
Mnjnr General Merritt was the chief
pu*Ht at a dinner given at the Pactfic-
Vnion Club last evening, under the direc
tion of Mayor Phelan. The general de
clined a public banquet on the ground
that ho had not yet accomplished any
thing In the present war to Justify a pub
lic function in his honor. He remarked
to the ban'niPtlng committees that he
might fed like accepting a public dinner
on his return, provided that he accom
plished something at Manila. At the lit
tle affair last evening he met forty agree
able citizens of San Francisco. .» gen
tk-man who attended the dinner remarked
that it was "dignified and Impressive."
UNDER MARCHING ORDERS
Companies of the Sixth Califor
nia Stationed at Various
Points for Duty.
Orders were Issued yesterday by Major
***neral Merrlam, commanding the De
partment of California, assigning the
companies of the Sixth California Volun
teer Infantry, now at the Presidio, to va
rious points for duty. Company A, com
manded by Captain Charles Dasher, haa
gone to Alcatraz Island, relieving Bat
tery X of the Third United States Ar
tillery, which hag joined the artillery
corps at the Presidio. Company F,
which goes to Santa Cruz to-day to
guard tho powder works will be taken
up as a portion of the garrison at the
Presidio and will be supplied from that
post by monthly shipments by rail. A
full return of the company will be made
to the commanding officer of the Pre
sidio.
Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Johnson,
with Companies C and A, accompanied
by Captain C. A. Rogers, assistant sur
geon of the regiment, is assigned to duty
at Benicia Barracks and will proceed
thereto without delay. On the arrival
of Lieutenant Colonel Johnson and the
battalion at the barracks the detach
ment of the Fourth I'nlted States Cav
alry, now on temporary duty at that sta
tion, will be returned to their respective
troops at the Presidio. Lieutenant Colonel
Johnson will be the commandant of the
post at Benicia Barracks.
Major Gus G. Grant, with Companies
E and H, Is assigned station at the Pre
sidio to go into camp for instruction as
heavy artillery under the commanding
officer of harbor defenses.
Major R. K. Whitmore with Com
panies B and D has received similar
orders. These four companies will camp
at Fort Point and there learn how to
handle the big guns.
The officers of the Sixth California ap
preciate the liberality and patriotism of
Messrs. Steinhart and Lilienthal of the
Anglo-California Bank, who advanced
them one-half of their first month's pay,
amounting to $2100, without security or
interest. The request was made to them
by Lieutenant Colonel Johnson, and they
promptly responded. The money was
greatly needed, as the officers had
thrown up paying positions and had ex
pended all their ready cash.
Under the call for additional troops it
is expected that four extra companies
will be organized and assigned to Lieu
tenant Colonel Johnson's command, thus
making it a full regiment. All the other
companies will be recruited to the full
strength, 108 men and three officers. Two
recruiting details are to be sent out.
Lieutenant Walthall and Lieutenant
Mlxter. each with four men, will visit
Sacramento. Stockton, Modesto. Fresno,
Merced, Visalia and Bakersfleld.
In all tht-se places rolls have been
opened as emergency rolls, and they will
have little or no difficulty in securing the
required number of men. These details
are waiting for Instructions from Wash
ington, which are expected some time
next week.
Major Grant was yesterday presented
with a fine steed by H. O. Haas, a prom
inent business man of Stockton, who
came here on a pleasure trip with the
horse.
The Sixth Californians have not yet re
ceived their full supply of clothing, es
pecially overcoats, which are needed by
the four companies that are going to
Fort Point.
The extreme cleanliness of the camp of
the Sixth California is noted by every
one visiting the Presidio. It Is by all
odds the cleanest camp In San Francisco.
lOWANS AT OAKLAND.
Colonel Loper's Fine Command
Will Re-Enforce the Phil
ippine Forces To-Day.
Three long trains of Pullman sleepers
bearing the officers and men of the Fifty
first lowa Volunteer Infantry, together
with several freight cars containing the
baggage and horses, rolled into the depot
at Oakland pier last night. The first sec
t ion arrived at 8:20 o'clock, the others
following at intervals of half an hour.
The regiment will cross the bay at 6:30
this morning, and after breakfasting at
the Red Cross headquarters in the ferry
depot will march out to camp, there to
await orders to proceed to Manila.
The Fifty-first lowa, which has been in
camp at Dcs Moines since April 26, broke
camp last Sunday morning. It numbers
820 officers and enlisted men, including
the band and field music, but three offi
cers and twelve men were left behind to
recruit the regiment to the maximum.
The members are a fine-looking lot of
men, big strapping plainsmen for the
most part, and veritable demons In a
fight, as lowans have often demonstrated.
They are well equipped as regards uni
forms, but are short between 30u and 400
rifles, hats, leggings and overcoats. Tents
and mess furniture were Issued by the
Government while the regiment was in
camp at Dcs Moines, and as the command
brought ten days' field rations, in addition
to its regular traveling rations, the men
will not be inconvenienced by any delay
on the part of the subsistence depot here.
During the trip fully fifty men were
made ill by eating canned corned beef
furnished by the Government, and though
they soon recovered, a strict boycott has
since been maintained against that article
of diet. Six men who were taken sick
while in camp are now convalescing and
insisted on coming with the regiment.
They will be sent to the field hospital in
an ambulance as soon as they are brought
across the bay and will be able to report
for duty in a few days. The journey was
devoid of special features, more than th;it
the regiment received an ovation all along
the route. At Council Bluffs, Dcs Moln.s,
Denver and Ogden there were immense
turnouts of people to greet the -soldier;;.
At all those points the members were the
guests of the respective Red Cross socie
ties, and at Auburn and Sacramento and
other points in California yesterday the
soldk-rs were the recipients of the most
lavish attention. The fame of the San
Francisco Red Cross Society is entirely
familiar toihe lowans and they turned
in last night filled with anticipation of
the welcome awaiting them when they
cross the bay.
The field and staff and company com
manders are as follows:
Colonel, John C. Loper; lieutenant colonel
M. Miller; majors, William J. Duggan, John
T. Hume, S. P. Moore; regimental adjutant,
J. T. Davidson; battalion adjutants, George
A. Reed, F. M. Conklin. Herbert C. Lane;
quartermaster. John Cady. chaplain. Herman
P. "Williams; chief surgeon. Major W. A. H.
Matthews; assistant surgeons, First Lieuten
ants Donald Mcßae and David Falrchlld.
Company A, Dcs Motnes, Captain Gibson;
Company B, Vllllsca. Captain Burton; Com
pany C, Glen weed. Captain S tepee; Company.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTTN"E 10, 1898.
READY TO START FOR MANILA.
The Steamer Morgan City Has Been Chartered to Carry Troops
to the Philippines. A Corporal's Guard Was Put Aboard
Yesterday to Protect Uncle Sam's Interests.
"When will the troopships sail?" Is the
question everybody on the water front Is
asking just now, and it is a question that
no one seems to be able to answer. In the
early part of the week the China, Colon
and ZeaJandla were expecting to
get away to-morrow; Wednesday It was
said that they would not get away until
Monday, the 13th inst.. but that was con
sidered an unlucky day, so the sailing was
postponed until next Wednesday, and now
the general Impression is that the aug
mented fleet will not leave before Satur
day week.
The Zealandia and Colon are ready to
receive troops at any time, but the China
is still behind hand. All that the two first
named vessels require is their fresh meat
and the few extra Government stores
that have still to be put aboard. The Chi
na has still to be fumigated, and soon as
that is completed and the stores and
troops are aboard she will go into the
stream to take ammunition for the fleet.
The Morgan City is ready for stores and
men are working night and day on the
Senator to get her ready. A corporal's
guard was sent to each vessel yesterday
and a strict watch will be kept over them
until they sail for Manila.
Of the other available vessels the City
of Puebla leaves to-day for the Sound.
She is due back here on the 21st inst., and
she will then be turned over to the Gov
ernment. The Ohio is scheduled to arrive
here from Seattle to-morrow, and as soon
as she has discharged her cargo she will
be loaded for Manila. The City of Para
is discharging her Central American car
go at the Mall company's wharf, and it
will probably take a fortnight to get her
away. The Indiana is being fitted out at
Seattle and on her arrival here will be
ready to sail as soon as the soldiers and
str.r» : s are put aboard.
There are sixteen ocean steamers in
D. Knoxville. Captain Butterfleld; Company E,
Shenandoah, Captain Mount; Company F, Os
kalooea. c ap tain Keating; Company G, Cres
ton, Captain Ickis: Company H. Dcs Moines,
Captain Worthington: Company I, Bedford,
Captain AVidener: Compnny K. Corning, Cap
tain Peairs; Company L, Council Bluffs. Cap
tain Pryor; Company M, Red Oak, Captain
Clark.
The Fifty-first Towa was formerly the
Third Infantry. lowa National Guard
During the Civil War that State furnished
forty-eight regiments, and when the call
for volunteers came for the present con
flict the lowa regiments were numbered
where the first volunteers stopped. The
I'orty-ninth lowa Is now at Chickarr.au
ga, the Fiftieth at Mobile and the Fifty
second is still at Dcs Moines.
Colonel Loper, commanding the Fifty
first, has been connected with the lowa
National Guard for the past ten years
and is regarded as one of the best sol
diers In the volunteer service. His regi
ment Is as well drilled as any now sta
tioned at Camp Merritt.
Attached to the regiment are two news
paper correspondents. H. A. Sessions of
the Dcs Moines Register is first ser
geant of Company F, while the Dcs
Moines Leader is represented by Private
Smure of Company E.
NO HORSES FOR MANILA.
Officers May Send Them Home
or Sell Them to the Gov
ernment.
Major General Otis yesterday issued the
following general order from division
headquarters:
I— The commanding general having decided
that It Is impracticable to send any horses on the
troop ships, the commanding officers of the dif
ferent organizations constituting the First
Brigade will notify these headquarters Imme
diately whether officers desire to ship their
horses back to their station or to sell them to
the Government for cavalry service. This does
not apply to officers with mounted troops.
2— Every opportunity will be given by the
commanding officers of the different organi
zations constituting the First Brigade to the
soldiers of the Catholic faith to attend mans
In the tent provided on Sundays at 7:30 a. m.
and 10:30 a. m. These soldiers will also be
given opportunltes to consult the priests on
week days at such times as not to Interfere
with drill and Instruction.
3— All bands belonging to the First Brigade
will play National airs, "The Star-spangled
Banner" and "America" only In their regular
forms and not to be mingled In medleys with
other airs.
It seems to be the general impression
among the officers that the Fourth Unit
ed States Cavalry will go as infantry,
unless the Government decides to fit up
ships especially for the transportation of
the horses, which is not probable, as It
Is not thought that the animals can
stand the trip. No horses will be car
ried for the Utah Light Artillery.
THE MEDICAL OFFICERS.
General Otis Issues an Import-
ant Order to the Hospital
Corps.
The following order, issued by Major
General Otis, assigning the various medi
cal officers and members of the hospital
corps for duty with the troops on the
different vessels about to sail, was given
out yesterday for publication:
Headquarters Independent Division, Philip
pine Islands Expeditionary Forces,
CAMP MERRITT, San Francisco, Ca.l..
June 8, 1898.
Special orders. No. B—The8 — The following-named
medical officers and members of the Hospital
Corps, permanent and acting, are assigned to
duty with the troops about to take passage
on the Zealandia, China and Colon for the
Philippine Islands, viz. :
On steamer Zealandia— The three regimental
medical officers: the two regimental hos
pital stewards and the eight privates detailed
for hospital corps work: all of the Tenth Penn
sylvania Volunteers, for attendance upon the
troops of that regiment; Acting Assistant Sur
geon F. W. Harrell, Hospital Steward Monk
ton Deue, Hospital Corps Privates John W.
Clovia, Alex Cunnlngten, Edwin F. Kenner
and Carl L. Sandberg, United States Army, for
attendance upon, that portion of lAght Bat
port and to arrive which the Government
has either chartered or can secure for car
rying the troop* to Manila, Their names,
gross tonnage, about the number of sol
diers they can accommodate and their
availability is as follows:
Tons
Gross.
Alantgda
Belglc
China
Colon
City of Para
City of Puebla....
3158
4212
4940
•2686
3532
2024
1000
1500
1200
750
1000
750
Due 29th lnst.
Discharging.
Almost ready.
Columbia
Indiana
Morgan City
Ohio
' 2722
UK
j 2296
3392
830 \
1000 [
650 I
1000 !
I
Ready.
[Discharging.
Chartered.
( Due 21st lnst.
Due Sunday.
(Being fitted at
! Seattle.
[Ready.
[Due to-mor-
row.
Discharging.
Awaiting or-
! ders at Se-
attle.
'Get ting ready.
Due loth lnst.
Oregon
Roanoke
2335
2354
. 650
650
Senator '
State of California
Valencia
Zealandla
2836
2266
15*6
2489
850
650
650 j
750 I
KhrJv.
I
With the exception of the Belgic these
are all American vessels and lfrst-class
steamers In every respect. Should other
transports be required and the Govern
ment find it necessary to charter foreign
vessels and give them an American regis
ter for the privilege, the British steamer
Victoria, now at Seattle, and the. Olympia,
due on the Sound on the 19th inst., are
available.
The Roanoke was examined while she
was here a short time ago, but the Gov
ernment took so long to decide whether
they wanted her or not that her owners
got tired of waiting and sent her to tho
Sound to go into the Klondike trade.
A telegram from Washington held her at
Seattle and she is now awaiting orders.
It waa the same way with the Ohio and
Indiana. The Government hesitated In
spite of the favorable report made by
tpry B. Utah Light Artillery, which will take
passage upon that steamer.
On the steamer China — The regimental
medical officers, the three reKlmental hos
pital stewards and sixteen privates de
tailed permanently for hospital corps duty,
and all of the First Colorado Volun
teers, for attendance upon the regiment, and
Assistant Surgeon Jere B. Clayton, Acting
Hospital Steward John Springer, Hospital
Corps Privates Ernest J. Barjamw, Will How
ard. Henery H. Johnson, Clart-noe I/ttle. Wil
liam B. Robherson and George W. Rohr, United
States Army, tor attendance uf»on the two com
panies of the Eighteenth fnlted States In
fantry and that half of L,ight Battery B. Utah
I^ight Artillery, which takes passage on that
steamer.
On steamer Colon— Captain and Assistant
Surgeon W. D. Crosby and Paul F. Straub,
Hospital Steward Fred Gieseklng, Acting Hos
pital Steward Charles H eshelton and 11. C.
Stots, Joseph Anderson. John Carroll. George
J. Crtsswell, Arthur K. Sears, Rufus T>. Starl
ing and Alex \V. Smith, for attendance upon
the troops of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third
United States Infantry, and Acting Surgeon
George H. Penrose and Hospital Corps Pri
vates William G. Hampton, Leroy C. Lyman,
Fred Schmale. Benjamin J. Smith and Samuel
C. Smith, United States Army, for attendance
upon Ldght Battery A. Utah Volunteers, all of
which organizations take passage on that
steamer. By command of
MAJOR-OEXERAL. OTIS.
JOHN 1.. SEHON, Assistant Adjutant-Gen
eral, United States Volunteers.
The Third U. S. Artillery
The arrival at Camp Miller, on the Pre
sidio reservation, of Battery X, under
Captain Hobbs. from Alcatraz Island,
completes the concentration of four bat
teries of the Third United States Artil
lery, In command of Major Hess. It is
not yet known whether this regiment will
PAYMENT OF TROOPS
One Million Dollars to Be
Pali at Once to the
Philippine Expedi-
tionary Forces.
By command of Major General
Morritt an order was Issued yes
terday afternoon to Colonel Charles
S. McClure, chief paymaster of the
Philippine expeditionary forces, to
pay all the troops destined for Ma
nila up to July 1 as soon as prac
ticable. This wcrk will begin as
soon as all the muster rolls are
handed In, which will be not later
than to-morrow. This payment will
Include the entire Philippine force
now concentrated in San x''ranciseo.
Those troops that are to sail next
Tuesday or Wednesday will be paid
first, and the payment of the re
mainder will be made as rapidly as
possible.
Colonel McClure Is making all
necessary arrangements to proceed
with the payment without any de
lays. The sum of $125,1*0 has al
ready been paid to troops now
here, and the payment of the en
tire force up to July 1 will require
nearly $1,000,000. To be exact,
there will be disbursed, beginning
to-morrow, the sum of $940,000. A
large portion of this money will be
spent in San Francisco, and the
balance will be sent home to rela
tives by the soldiers. The circula
tion of this money will make it
rather lively for a few days In San
Francisco trade circles. The
troops now on the way to the Phil
ippines under command of Briga
dier General Thomas M. Anderson
will be paid upon the arrival of
Colonel McClure at Manila.
the examining boards here, bo the owners i
sent the vessels on their way. Both of
them were stopped at Seattle by a charter
party.
From the above list it will be seen that
Uncle Sam has plenty of vessels at his :
disposal within the next three weeks if ;
he really wants them in the hurry that ;
Assistant Secretary' Melklejohn makes out
he does.
The erstwhile British tramp Whitgift
has been transformed into the American
steamer Nero. She is being rapidly got
ready for the voyage to Manila and both
she and the Monadnock will get away
next week. Lieutenant J. T. McMillan,
who for years made himself so popular
in the Hydrographlc Office, has been ap
pointed to the Nero and will navigate her
to Manila.
Assistant Engineer Emory Winship has
been ordered from the Mare Island navy
yard to the naval rendezvous, 10 Califor
nia street. He will examine ail candidates
for positions as engineers and firemen in
the navy.
Dr. B. Tomatsuri, fleet surgeon of the
Imperial Japanese navy, visited the
steamers Zealandia, China and Colon yes
terday. Dr. Lowell showed him over the
Zealandia and he was more than pleased |
with the manner in which the vessel is
fitted out. Dr. Tomatsuri has applied to
the authorities at Washlnton for permis
sion to go to Manila with the troop ships.
Captain Birkhimer. U. S. A., of Bat
tery L, had a narrow escape yesterday
His battery was being transferred from
Lime Point to the Presidio, and while he
was seeing the men and their equipments j
aboard the steamer General McDowell he i
stumbled and fell overboard. After a lit- !
tie trouble a line reached him and he '
scrambled onto the steamer again little
the worse for his ducking.
Lieutenant Coulter of the Tenth Penn
sylvania Volunteers will be the commis
sary of the Zealandia, while Lieutenant
Grote, Eighteenth United States Infantry
will perform the same duty on the China,
and Lieutenant Franklin, Twenty-third'
United States Infantry, on the Colon.
leave for Manila next week, but, although
it is not yet fully equipped as to clothing
it is ready to go to the front at a mo
ment's notice.
Ninety-seven recruits were secured in
Los Angeles by Lieutenant Skerritt. who
returned yesterday from a recruiting
tour.
Captain B. H. Randolph of Battery B,
Third Artillery, has received orders to
proceed to Manila. He was formerly ord
nance officer at the Presidio and is very
familiar with San Francisco's fortifica
tions. As an artillerist he has but few
equals, and he is skilled In the science of
high explosives. It was no doubt on ac
count of these rare qualifications that he
has been selected for some important
duty in the Philippines.
IDAHO TROOPS REJOICE.
Orders Are Issued to Join the
Manila Expedition Next
Wednesday.
There is rejoicing in the ranks of Idaho.
Every officer and man of the two battal
ions has a throat bursting with cheers
and a heart full of unalloyed happiness.
Colonel Jones and his command of Rocky
Mountain braves have been chosen to
complete the next expedition Manilaward
and the steamer Morgan City has been
assigned for their transportation.
Brigadier-General Otis conveyed his or
ders to this effect to Colonel Jones at
7 o'clock last evening.
For two weeks the Idaho battalions, GB4
strong, have been part and parcel of
Camp Merritt and every man jack of
them has been on the tiptoe of expect
ancy. Since the chartering of the five
vessels of the transport fleet it has been
known that there would be room for 700
or 800 men over and above the number
originally selected to sail. Rivalry has
been keen twixt the different commands
and their officers have bent their ener
gies and Influence toward the selection
of their regiments to complete the quota.
It was rumored early yesterday that the
Thirteenth Minnesota would be cut In
half and dispatched to the front on the
installment plan. This was accepted as
settled up to the time of the receipt of
General Otis' orders.
The expedition as now planned consists
of the First Colorado, Tenth Pennsyl
vania. Utah Light Battery, a battalion
from the Eighteenth and another from
the Twenty-third United States Infantry
the First Nebraska and the two bat
talions from Idaho.
There will be room for more on the
Morgan City. It will be filled by a de
tachment from the engineer corps.
Brigadier General Green will command
the expedition, and his arrangements are
being rapidly made for an early depar
ture.
Colonel Jones, commanding the Idaho
volunteers, ia a veteran of Gettysburg
and Antietam and other of. those battles
of the late difference. He is still as
anxious for trouble as when he took com
mand, and is as rejoiced as are his men
at a prospect of finding it. Saturday he
will receive from Boise City for his men
as handsome a stand of colors as will be
planted on a Spanish rampart, a favor to
be carried through battle to the honor of
the ladies of his State.
The equipment of his command, though
not complete, will be made so after em
barkation.
Another, thoughlesser, cause for re
joicing on the part of the men is the
promise of payday to-morrow.
With these two paramount events in
prospect there Is nothing to question in
the wild-eyed Joy of the Idahos.
INCREASING THE NAVY.
Bids for Twenty-Eight Torpedo
Boats and Destroyers to Be
Opened August 9.
Henry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, received a dispatch from
Washington yesterday stating that bids
would be opened for the construction of
twelve torpedo boats and sixteen destroy
ers on August a. Mr. Scott will be pres-,
THE EMPOBIT7M.
+¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥<*
A Men f s Neckwear Jubilee for Three
Hours This Morning*
A Special Sale, different from any hitherto held. Instead
of selecting certain lots of Neckwear and selling them at a spe-
cial price, we say go to the showcases and counters and pick
from our complete stocks any time between 9 and 12 o'clock to-day..
Any 25c Necktie for 17c.
Any 50c Necktie for 37c.
When you consider that hundreds of our socstyles retail
elsewhere at 75c; that many of the 25c line should be marked
35c regularly — the magnitude of this special reduction from 9 to-
12 o'clock to-day becomes apparent.
The latest productions of the season — Puffs, Tecks, , Ascots, Four-ln-t
Hands, Band Bows and Club Ties.
Men's Furnishings Department-
First Floor— near Main Entrance.
Choice for $3*45 of
Boys' $5 to $8 Suits.
The sale of Boys' Junior, Middy, Vested and Sailor' Suits,
which began Monday morning, is attracting widespread atten-
tion among mothers. Our new buyers in New York City picked
up a great bargain from a manufacturer of the finer grades of
• Children's Clothing who needed /^* >v
\*^c money, and was willing to make Jfc^\
j&Vi? a loss to close out the balance 1 - f^ujr
-j«^f|vbk. of his season's product. // S m /ISC^^L ''
I^b*^^ y\ * They are made up in some of the i \\\nwg^*k
A IV Pettiest styles that we have ever seen. 4r~-JL-^j3R ( \
l«(\ fV They are made from American and "^QjrJ^flo /ft* \
\r^Jiy foreign worsteds and woolens richly l^uA\ o lXy
[ / trimmed, substantially lined and 'i =^Cf^^
,\ , 1 I stoutly sewed with silk. A
/ij A The sizes are for boys 3to 8 years — A
///is// V- '• not a sstu ' t ' n c Jot can b e duplicated WVi:
■ Iff'/ ( •" for less than $5— , . _ (1 ~\
I / \ most of them are AS { / V
J U worth from $6 to «8. -% * r **+ U I
XL^JLJw The sale price while YY mJ L-\i «. :
,i^ft^*o A the lot lasts I
If for any reason (and you don't have to tell the reason to us)
you are dissatisfied with a suit after getting it home, bring it back
and receive your money without question.
Saturday Grocery Specials*
The items below are for to-morrow (Saturday) only
. at these greatly reduced prices.
Hunt's Hay wards Extra 3-lb Solid Pack Tomatoes— regularly 10c can. -7
On Saturday „ ' /£
You cannot buy better goods than this brand. "Only one dozen
. .-' .v • - sold to each customer."
Golden Rule Blended Coffee— regularly 30c Ib. "For this day **i-
only" ; * 25c
Welsh Bros. 1 Vermont Maple Sugar— bricks— regularly 15c. For the
one day 2 for „ ......" ; 2,0 C
Hires' Root Beer Extract— never sold in San Francisco at less than <■>/-
15 c. For Saturday 2 pkgs for ZOC
"Take it with you on your summer vacation."
Lemon Sugar— the i-lb tins— "nice for tourists and campers"— re^u- -. -»
larly 18c tin. For Saturday.'. *". 3c
Full quarts Famous Yellowstone Whiskey. For Saturday " & 4 -»r-
. .—••••• • —••• '.'. $ 1 .25
Five-year-old Sherry Wine — quart bottle— regularly 50c. For Satur- -> r-
day ...:..... 35c
Five-year-old Angelica Wine— bottle— regularly 50c For Saturday Or
• • •—••••• "... osc
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
sent when the bids are opened and ex
pects to be awarded contracts for build
iupr several vessels.
No date has boen set for the opening of
bids for the battle-ships and coast de
fense vessels authorized by the naval bill
recently passed, but Mr. Scott is confi
dent that his company will not be over
looked when they are opened, in view of
the magnificent performance of the Ore
gon during her voyage around the Horn.
INSPECTION OF TROOPS.
The Inspector Visits the Camps
of the Montana and Da
kota Regiments.
The day was uneventful in the camps
of Montana and the Dakota?. Inspection
occupied the time of the South Dakota
boys during the morning. Their condition
as to equipment was carefully looked
Into, and their numerous needs will be
Immediately seen to. Another thousand
blankets and shoes for every one arrived
and were distributed after inspection, and
to-day and to-morrow two abdominal
bandages to the man will be distributed.
They were proffered by the ladies of the
Red Cross, and it may be pleasing to
them to know that nothing they could
send would be more appreciated. They
prove to be as great a preventive against
cold in this climate as against more seri
ous complaints in the tropics.
THE FIRST CALIFORNIA.
Three Hundred Recruits Are
Wanted to Fill the Regiment
to the Maximum.
The order directing Captain Carrlngton
to join his regiment, the First United
States Infantry, now on its way to Cuba,
has been suspended to allow him to per
form the duties of mustering officer in
San Francicsb. He is to muster in 300 re
cruits for the First California Volunteer
Infantry Regiment, now en route to Ma
nila. Captain Carrington will this morn
ing open a recruiting office In the First
Regiment armory at Page and Gough
streets, and will be assisted In the en
rollment by Captain Naphtaly. These
recruits are Mr the purpose of tilling the
regiment to the limit, and they will be
sent to Manila at the first opportunity.
MANILA TRANSPORT FLEET
The steamers Senator and Morgan City,
having been found acceptable oy th» ex
amining board, will be added to the Ma
nila transport fleet. The steamer Queen
has been rejected. The Puebla. the Indi
ana and City of Para are now under con
sideration by the board. The Olympia.
Arizona and Victoria, all chartered from
the North Pacific Steamship Company,
will reach San Francisco within the next
few days. The Victoria sailed yesterday
from Tacoma and the Indiana from Seat
THE EMPORIUM.
| tie. The Ohio is also reported on the way
; here from Puget Sound. It is thought she
! fore failing? preliminary examination be-
The Fourth U. S. Cavalry.
The troops of the Fourth Cavalry sta
tioned here have been filled to the limit,
and thore is a surplus of recruits. Forty *
I two of these extra men will be sent to
Fort Yellowstone, in the Yellowstone Na
tional Park, to join troops D and H of
i the same regiment, and thirty go to Boisa
; Barracks, Idaho, to serve with Troop F.
A Promotion in Sight.
A board of officers, consisting of Major
Lewis H. Kimble, surgeon of the Colorado
Volunteers: Captain Thomas Raymond
assistant surgeon, and Captain Charles
E. I^ocke, has been appointed by General
Merritt to examine Private Thornton
with a view of promoting him to the rank
of first lieutenant and assistant surgeon.
War Incidents
The members of Company I. Eighteenth
United States Infantry, returns thanks
through The Call to the members of tha
Young Peopled Society of Christian En
deavor and others who assisted at the fu
neral of "Willis Jackson on June 5.
Captain Charles W. Whipple, ordnance
office, United States army, has reported
to General Merrltt for duty.
The 843 recruits from Fort McPherson
Georgia, for the Eighteenth and Twenty
third United States Infantry regiments
are expected to arrive here some tlm«
this afternoon or to-night.
Alice Biz ,
•writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Juno ».
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from
Mendocino.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived June 9~Br bark
Darra, from .
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS
BTETTlN— Arrived June 5— Stmr Norge from
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 9— Stmr \mster
dam, from New York. Sailed June 9— Stmr Ob
dam, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed June 9— Stmr Minnewaska
for New York. " '
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 9— Stmr Furst
Bismarck, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 9— Stmr Cuflc
from Liverpool.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 9— Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 9— Stmr Michigan
for London; stmr Bremen, for Bremen ' *
NAPLES— Arrived June 9— Stmr Werra, from
New York.
QUEE:>STOWN— SaiIed June S— Stmr P«n&.
land, for PhlladelDhla. *«—
56
©be
FRIDAY..... JUNE 10, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ■■ ■ ■ '•■*■"''- '■ 'kS'.'Zl
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE ...Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ........ Riga* Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. < v
CHICAGO OFFICE .....Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGN I -SS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
i o'clock- 615-LarMn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Martlet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock ' 2518
Mission street, open, until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
lAMUsement*
Columbia—" The New Dominion "
Baldwin-" The Passion Play. 1
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonial."
Koroeco's— "The Cotton King-
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum— Vanoevllle.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Corn«r Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Batha— Swimming 1 .
LI Campo— Music, dancing-, boattne-. fißbinp. every Sunday.
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society, Saturday. June 11. from 2 to 5 and 8 to 11 P. M.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. ButterfieJd- This day. June 10. Furniture, at
Octavla street, near Suttor, at 11 o'clock. Also, Saturday. June
11, mi t«, Scales and Tools, at IU2 (lay street, at H o cock.
By P. J. Barth— This aay, Juue 10, Furniture, at 4U Mc-
Allister street, at 11 o'clock.
THE "WHISPERING" BOSS.
WHILE we feel little or no concern for the wel
fare of the office-seekers in the Democratic
party of this city, we confess to a lively inter
est in the future of the large body of voters who are
every two years fooled into voting the tickets pre
pared for them by the bosses of that party. In pur
suance of a plan we have formed of promptly expos
ing all kinds of political chicanery, at this time we
deem it our duty to warn these Democrats against
one of the individuals who is attempting to subvert
their local organization for his own selfish purposes.
We refer to "Whispering" Gavin Me Nab, the rene
gade Republican, now leading Democratic boss.
Me Nab was born with an office-holding instinct,
and soon after arriving in this country from Scotland
he cast his lot with the Republican party. He began
as a pupil of the late Boss Higgins, and shortly after
being naturalized took office under Charles S. Rug
gles, a Republican Superintendent of Streets. At that
time McXab belonged to Republican clubs and every
where cheered for the old flag and an appropriation.
The general impression was that the young Scotch
man had made a happy choice in local politics and
that he was destined to hold a permanent place at
the municipal crib.
But it turned out that he had made a mistake in
selecting his party. He discovered even before the
expiration of his term in the office of Ruggles that
the Democrats carry San Francisco oftener than the
Republicans. In other words, he found that the Bay
City as a "Democratic city." He therefore lost no time
in changing his coat. He abandoned the ser
vice of Higgins and entered that of Boss Buckley.
The latter, however, did not seem to appreciate him,
and after a brief attempt to get an office under the
leadership of the Livermore sage, McNab formally
announced himself a "reformer" and look to the road.
He has now been holding up all parties in San Fran
cisco for upward of six years, anxiously waiting for
the people to call him.
It is proper that the Democrats of this city should
be made thoroughly acquainted with the three bosses
who have appointed a committee to rule them. Gould
is from Stockton and Alford from Tulare. They are
country innocents and have become in this city the
victims of "Whispering" Me Nab, the political bunko
man. If the wily Scotchman has not already sold
them gold bricks he certainly will do so before long.
If the plan which McNab has formed of capturing
the municipal Democratic party proves a success it
is safe to say that neither Gould nor Alford will get
his fair share of the resulting plunder. McNab is not
generous when it comes to distributing the offices.
Higgins and Buckley taught him that the essence of
politics is to hold on to everything with the tenacity
of death. l
Led by a renegade Republican, the Democracy of
San Francisco is not likely to succeed this year. But,
nevertheless, publication of the fact that the organiza
tion is being subverted by a Hessian should be
made and widely disseminated. Democrats cannot be
too careful of Boss McNab. He is in politics for his
own selfish purposes, and is always a dangerous
leader. A man who acts from principle may be trusted
anywhere. A man who acts for his personal interests
and who changes his political coat to get an office
can never be trusted. McNab may convert himself
Into a Republican in the midst of the fight this year
without notifying his party followers. That would
bring on terrible disaster.
It is a pleasure to note that the ex-Empress Eu
genic has joined the ranks of yellow journalism.
There is an advantage in securing the services of the
eminent, in that they are not apt to take the trouble
to denounce the palpable lie. Of course nobody of
intelligence would for an instant believe the lady to
be on the Hearstling staff, but that combination is
not catering to intelligence.
An evening paper seems to object to The Call's al
lusion to its own career as a newspaper. Naturally.
Perhaps some time the evening paper may also launch
upon such a career, but this will be after all connected
with the present management shall have gone — per
haps to heaven.
So far the war has been one-sided, and all the ex
tensive casualties have fallen to Spain. But after all
this circumstance is fortunate for Spain. She will
pay dear for any reverse which may come to any part
of the forces of the United States.
France and Russia are exchanging views as to the
disposition to be made of the Philippines. Will they
kindly extend their operations so as to include a set
tlement of the Oakland water front? That is as
clearly their business as is the Philippine matter.
Possibly the police officer who was fined for reading
while on duty had been reading an account of the
prospective exit of Chief Lees, in which case the
fine should be remitted.
JANUS fIND MAGUIRE.
JUDGE MAGUIRE in pursuit of an office offers
an interesting study and furnishes a record that
does no credit to his foresight and judgment.
In 1887 he withdrew permanently from the Demo
cratic party because it was not in favor of the single
tax and announced his intention to support Henry
George for President. Like other fad fanatics, he be
lieved that private ownership of land would
be abolished, and that the movement for its
abolition would command so large a follow
ing that it would sweep its candidates into
office. Allied to this movement in America was
the anti-landlord issue in Ireland, that had for its
motive the actual suffering of tenantry exposed to the
rapacity of non-resident landlords. In 1887, too,
there were symptoms of revoit of the Irish in
America from the church of their ancestors, and
Father McGlynn suddenly loomed in the sky as the
probable leader of an anti-Pope movement in asso
ciation with Henry George.
Judge Maguire thought that he saw a chance to
combine communism and religious bigotry and get
an office out of the shT&ffle. So he wrote his book,
"Ireland and the Pope," and it was printed for him
by his friend, the editor of the San Francisco Star,
who wanted the Pennsylvania militia killed as rattle
snakes.
In this book the method was Maguirean in the ex
treme. Where necessary he ignored historical facts/
j and where necessary he invented them; his language
' was violent, as it always is, for the Judge has su
preme confidence in the efficacy of hard words, and
thinks they fully take the place of reason and logic.
This habit is revealed in the extended title of his
book, which is: "Ireland and the Popej A Brief
History of Papal Intrigues Against Irish Liberty
i From Adrian IV to Leo XIII. --By James G. Ma-
I quire, Judge of the Superior Court of San Fran
j Cisco, California. Printed by James 11. Barry, 429
Montgomery street."
In his preface he said he would show the "treach
ery" of the Pope and "the persistent and deadly char
acter" of his interference. He said: "I conceive it
to be a most marvelous record of an alliance of cen
turies, which has been characterized by constant and
simple faith and confidence on one side (the Irish
people), and equally constant duplicity, ingratitude
and tyranny on the other (the Pope). To the Ultra
montanes who may read this book and whose stereo
typed criticism I may now fairly anticipate, I have but
to say that it is not my fault that the spiritual heads
of the Catholic church claim also to be, by divine
right, temporal rulers, theoretically, over all nations,
and in terrible reality over Ireland. It is not my
fault, but more shame to them if the publication of the
political history they have made shall disadvantage
the church. It is my purpose to assist in raising my
father's countrymen and my own kinsmen above that
groveling fear of the Pope which makes so many of
them nerveless when he strikes a blow at their coun-'
try and their race. The Pope in this respect enjoys
the unenviable, not to say infamous, distinction of
being dangerous only to those who confide in him."
With that fine preface he proceeds through 118 pages,
of epithet, in which he pays "the most cruel and bar
barous persecution of the Irish people took place
during and throughout the period of four hundred j
years before England became Protestant, and while
the Kings of England were the Pope's beloved sons
in Christ," and that Ireland "has been sadly handi
capped in her struggle by her dependence on the
broken reed of Roman honor. The whole his
tory of the Vatican shows that ever since it assumed
to be the political as well as the religious head of
the world its universal policy has been to crush the
weak, to frighten the timid and to conciliate the
strong and defiant."
That statement, it will be observed, goes outside
the Irish question and is an ascription to the Papacy
ci a universal policy of enmity and oppression to the
weak and timid.
Critics of the Papacy, who have written from the
standpoint of religious difference, have never gone
that far in ascribing a permanent and universal record
to the Pope adverse to the interests of humanity.
Describing the incidents of Daniel O'Connell's
f:ght for repeal of Catholic disabilities, the Judge
plumes his wings for a high rhetorical flight and ex
claims:
"But lo! the goddess of Irish liberty, lately so joy
ful, is weeping. She faints, she reels. Alas! the fangs
of the I'aiican urpent have been driven again to her
heart."
The special Pope described by the Judge as the
serpent of the Vatican was Gregory XVI, and his of
fense consisted in a rescript to the Irish priests to
refrain from participation in the heated political meet
ings then being held!
In America we consider it rather proper for clergy
men of all denominations to keep aloof from partisan
assemblies, and we rather fancy the Judge would
yell "murder" if a priest were to appear in a meeting
not in his interest. But for advising this wholesome
abstention in Ireland the Pope became "a serpent"
in the Maguire view.
Again, the Judge accuses the Pope of being eager
"to shelter hell hounds," and he speaks of Cardinal
McCabe as "the red-cap hunting hound of the Vat
ican."
The whole book abounds in this style of invective.
No doubt the Judge expected it to produce a pro
found impression, but it did not. His friend Barry
pocketed whatever profit came of the sale of it to
the A. P. A. lodges when they were organized, and
then it passed out of print
Now we find Judge Maguire back in the Demo
cratic party, which he permanently abandoned, and
in pursuit of office, ingratiating himself with those
whom he denounced as in "groveling fear of the
Pope," and in full cry against the A. P. A. who used
his book in their ritual.
It is a record so devious and deceitful as to astonish
one at the success which has so far attended it.
There had been a reasonable hope that the lawyers
of California would cease to make frivolous appeals
on behalf of murderers concerning whose guilt no
shadow of doubt existed, but some attorney in tire
Hoff case has overthrown this. To say that he
should be ashamed thus to trifle with the law it is his
sworn duty to uphold is expressing the truth with a
mildness scarcely warranted by the occasion. It is
strange that the Supreme Court should permit its dig
nity to be assailed in this gross and idle fashion.
While nobody wants to believe that United, States
transports are in danger of attack from Spanish war
ships, the rumor creates a feeling of uneasiness so
marked that the news of the safe landing of the
soldiers will be joyfully received.
School teachers have been generous in support of
the Red Cross, which is more to their credit since the
Board of Education has managed so the teachers
must wait months for the salaries earned.
Statements that Cervera's part in the war is ended
may be premature. It is possible that his grateful
countrymen may yet see fit to court-martial and shoot
the brave admiral
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1898.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TYRANNY.
THERE is no more disagreeable thing with
which to come in contact than a person of a
low order of intelligence yet by accident or the
folly of favoritism invested with a little authority,
which he does not know how to use. By some eccen
tricity of nature the smaller such a man is the bigger
he thinks he is and the more detestable he becomes
when, through any freak of fortune, this authority is
thrust upon him. He may have been only a petty
nuisance; on the instant he rises almost to the pro
portions of a calamity. He is changed to a bully, and
his inherent boorishness comes to the surface.
This line of thought leads inevitably to considera
tion of an individual who has decreed that only such
newspaper representatives as he shall elect are to be
permitted on the Pacific Mail dock, a place where his
orders are sometimes obeyed and his unwo~th always
anathematized. For while he is himself an employe,
he looks upon himself as monarch, and exacts de
feience from the unlucky employes under his thumb.
To kow-tow in his presence is a part of the duty of
each. This individual does not own the water front nor
even a portion of it. He simply occupies a position
into which he was shunted by the grace of C. P.
Kuntington, who is under the inconvenience of being
a relative by marriage and would rather have the
suffering public support *his dependent than to sup
port him himself.
Possibly Huntington did not realize what a bur
den he was unloading on the community when he
snatched this fellow from the fate of being court
martialed and gave to him the privilege of bulging
with pomp as he dictates orders to his betters. Hun
tington is the head, body and appetite of the Southern
Pacific and of the Pacific Mail. The two concerns
are so interwoven that there is no possibility of
separating them. Therefore the retention of a misfit
official at the headquarters of the Pacific Mail is as
much a railroad trick as though the official had some
other title. He is part of the long-standing imposi
tion, a noxious addition to the long list of wrongs
from which San Francisco has suffered by the acts
of the Southern Pacific. Yet this creature of the
company is as thoroughly hated by associates as by
the public. Faced by men of courage who are not
forced for a livelihood to humble themselves before
him he is a craven. Before all others he is a bluster
ing braggart, making an unpleasant spectacle and ex
cit'ng disgust of a degree of which these few remarks
art intended to be an expression.
This paper does not propose that its representa
tives shall be excluded from any place to which rep
resentatives of other papers have access, nor does it
believe that merely by swelling up after the manner
of a toad a churlish official can stand in its path with
out danger of sustaining a puncture followed by col-
U'pse. The matter will be appealed to the highest
authority. There should be no occasion for appeal
ing higher than to the Southern Pacific itself, for this
annoying trifle, practically kicked out of the navy,
is part of its paraphernalia for the subduing of happi
ness. After the first kick he alighted in an easy chair,
bnt a second kick is overdue now and should be ad
miristered without regard to where he shall alight.
Hr.ntington could win much gratitude by taking his
relative away. Here the fellow expends his energies
in insulting patrons. He is not adapted to the real
di ties of the place. He lacks the instincts of the gen
tleman and so gentlemen do not like to meet him. The
effect of his presence is to make an enemy for the
Southern Pacific at every opportunity. While not
officially engaged in doing this, he manages to make
himself so unbearable that the glare of publicity nat
urally falls on him, and by the light of it appears
clearly the brand of the ass, while the listening ear
detects the sound of a bray.
Cfl/WP MERRITT A MISTAKE.
II^JROM the first The Call objected to the removal
of troops from the Presidio to the Bay District.
* Its agitation of the matter has not been fruit
less. Soon the troops will be back where they be
long, and other soldiers arriving here will be taken
to a place beside them in the reservation.
There has never been advanced any adequate
excuse for the removal of the volunteers from
the Presidio to the Bay District. They should
have been kept at the former place, their natural
rendezvous. For such a course there were many
reasons, and for the contrary none. Nobody seems
ready to accept responsibility for the original change.
There was a suspicion that there was about it the
savor of jobber}, and this suspicion has not been
wholly allayed.
At Camp Merritt the sanitary conditions are so far
from perfect as to be an actual menace. They are
worse in every respect than at the Presidio, and have
excited much alarm. Traversed by open streets, the
camp could not be kept free from undesirable char
acters. Surrounded by a lot of abandoned houses
capable of being quickly turned to use for saloon pur
poses, it was soon hedged about by an array of
dramshops, tendimj to the promotion of disorder.
Altogether, Camp Merritt has been a mistake.
Now information comes from a reliable source that
the troops are going back to the Presidio. When the
second expedition shall have sailed the remaining
regiments are to be quartered in the Government
grounds, and regiments arriving thereafter will join
them there. This is as people interested in the welfare
jf the soldiers and of the citizens have been wishing,
and it commends itself to the wisdom of the mili-
tary authorities. There is better natural drainage
at the Presidio than on the sand flats of the Bay Dis
trict. There is more room, and there will be on the
reservation a possibility of enforcing discipline.
Such men and women as may not be considered
proper visitors can be kept away, the saloon will not
have unhindered sway, and the facilities for light and
water will be at least equal to those now available.
It is stated that the military authorities hesitated
about letting the water company invade the grounds,
fearing that it would keep forever the grip acquired
through the emergency. But the Government ought
to be bigger than a water company. The pretext is
not one appealing to the judgment, and the people
will be glad to learn that it is no longer deemed
sufficiently potent to insure the maintenance of a
camp in the midst of a thickly populated district
where it must in time have become a dangerous
nuisance.
Immediately after the announcement by the yellow
paper that only 5000 troops were to be sent to Manila
the Government renewed its efforts to get transports
enough to send at least 20,000. There is a way of
getting news out of the yellow paper, but to read all
its statements exactly backward is rather inconvenient,
and there is no other possibility of utilizing them.
The report that the rain at Manila rendered useless
the rifles of the Spanish is difficult of belief. It can
not be possible they are armed with muzzle-loaders
to which powder is fed from a cow's horn.
Correspondents ordered from Cuba were only per
mitted to depart upon promise that they would never
return. This is very like the exDericnce which awaits
the Spanish there
I ■■•■ '^^^^^% Three^redt. w Natures.
I^M^fir.'?^^^ What the war hastauaKr
iHf^W ' . Mmf & OeTieraT
I'j Ivlli® 3 - or What Ihe war has t a ht
HV \\ tziL^K* == ' ~~ = ~- r^~~ K?& it'" • •it I »ovy
[hxw'Whhwv w wr wy By R[par/3TT»iral Belkn^b.
■■„„, . _ ? „ */»» »
~ — ■■ ' =s ■• - ; - ■ — — ■■** -
The men tne/ leX behmatheTn
3/ Alice Ri;< %
The Re,a Cross Society receivjt^the
IHanUa voTunfee^a.
sec^t tij>h«r u&ccl bythe^Aovernm^nt
in war.
»j • •• — i • - ■ -.
na^the human brain rcachea its full <^ve!opment.
— "" " *" ' " *
p a^es of* o^her spewul Features,
RALLY ROUND THE FLAG.
I ain't much hand at music— so I'm told by them that know;
I jest despise the catchy airs that daily come and go. '
And as f^r old •111 Trovytore and "Marthy," I declare
If I should hear them all my life I couldn't catch an afr.
But there's one toon I shorely like. I've heard it o'er and o'er.
And ever time it's played for me I like it more and more.
And when they Josh me 'bout my taste, whoever they may be
I say, "Old 'Rally Round the Flag' is good enough for me."
I've listened to sweet music that was touching as could be,
I've felt my heart grow tender at some soft, sweet medody.
I bear In mind how, when a child, before I learned to roam,
My mother In the gloaming used to sing- to me at home.
And I remember years ago, before I left the farm.
Before my young life ever came to any grief or harm,
1 heard my little sister singing softly 'bout the lot,
And "Rally Round the Flag" to-day just strikes the same soft spot.
Sometimes our band will play it when they've nothing else to do,
And then's when I hear mustc that is music good and true.
And when the leader jerks his stick and makes the startin' crack,
A thousand little quivers go a-skatin' up my back.
"Rally!" screams the clarinet, as high as it can git —
'X then the big base drummer gives his drum a lively hit.
"Rally!" roars the tuber in a voice that's good and strong.
And "round the flag," they all join in, and thus complete the song.
And then we lift tho happy foot and set it down with vim.
And every man is wide awake, from me to "top sarge" Jim.
And when I hear our splendid band a-makin' that good noise
I feel like yellin', "Bust yerselves! fer that's the air, my boys."
And then I look away somewhere and see Old Glory flyln'.
And it just seems to me as if I couldn't keep from cryin"!
And I think. Well, if I kain't live "neath that there striped rag.
The next best thing would be to die, a-tightin' fer our flag.
I'm not much hand at scrappin' — I will candidly avow;
I'd walk a quarter any day just to avoid a row.
And when it's necessary fer to trounce the kids a bit,
I let their mother do it — fer I jest can't tend to it.
I don't believe in bowieknlves, nor these here pocket guns,
And no one ever heard me talk of scrappin' to my sons.
It ain't my way to swagger round and bully, or to brag.
But I could fight— and die, I guesa— to "Rally Round the Flag."
LOUIS DODGE, Company D, Eighteenth Infantry.
Ban Francisco, June 1, 1898.
COLLECTED 3N
THE CORRIDORS.
S. F. Geil of Salinas is at the Occi
dental.
F. W. Vaille of Portland is at the Occi
dental.
C. L. Herwin of New York is at the Cal
ifornia.
D. Baruch of San Salvador is at the
Palace.
Mrs. C. A. Lamont is registered at the
Palace.
I>. Grau of Fresno is registered at the
Occidental.
"W. K. Weaver of Bradford, Pa., is at
the Palace.
C. A. Mitchell of London is a guest at
the California.
W. S. Mason, ex-Mayor of Portland, is
at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. William A. Otl3 and chil
dren are stopping at the Palace.
H. Harkness Flaglor and Mrs. Flaglor
of New York are stopping at the Palace.
Judge Caldwell. United States Circuit
Judge of Little Rock, is stopping at the
Occidental.
E. S. de Golyer and A. B. Wood, mining
experts of Los Angeles, are stopping at
tne Palace.
H. E. Middleton. U. S. N.. J. H. Syphon,
U. 8. N., and H. C. Pratt, U. S. N.. are at
the Palace.
C. F. Hathaway, superintendent of the
Indian reservation at Covello, Is regis
tered at the Russ.
G. W. Boggs, a grain merchant from
Tracey, is on a visit to the city, and is
stopping at the Russ.
A. H. Massey of Guatemala arrived in
the city yesterday afternoon and is stop
ping at the Occidental.
G. C. Knowles, a prominent rancher
from Markham, is in the city on a visit
and is a guest at the Russ.
Miss L. Armsby arrived from the East
yesterday morning to join the Alcazar
company In support of Lewis Morrison.
She is stopping at the Baldwin.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, June 9.— William Preston
of Ban Francisco is at the Park Avenue;
E. 8. PlUsbury of San Francisco is at the
Manhattan.
Queen Marghprita of Italy has become
a golf enthusiast. She took to the game
originally with the hope of successfully
combating her Increasing obesity. She
soon became very skillful at the game
and Bpendß much time on the links be
longing to Prince Dorla, which are lo
cated on the high ground Just back of.
fit Peter's.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DE YOUNG'S BIRTHPLACE— R. M.
M., Gray son, Cal. M. H. de Young Is a
native of St. Louis, M^
JENNY LIND-D. J., City. Jenny Llnd,
the "Swedish nightingale," made her first
appearance in New York city on the 15th
of October, 1850.
NATIONAL DEBT-Rob.,Alameda, Cal.
At the close of the first quarter of the
current year. March 31. the indebtedness
of the United States was, gross, $1 234 -
833,294 40; cash on hand, 1226,166 943 78-' net
debt, $1,008,716,350 62. '
A FIFTY-CENT PIECE— Mrs. T. L..
City. No premium is offered for a fifty
cent piece of 1825. The market price for
such is $1 for a coin that has 25 stamped
?hfli S? or 23- t and tr p m »60t0|2 SO for one
that has 25 stamped over 24.
THE NAVY-K., Mt. View, Cal. A man
who deserted from the English navy
would not be accepted in the United
fne^nip-St^^vTnTu^ 'SIS in
the .iini ted States navy must make a
McAULIFFE AND METER _ Sport
Cit /'-mn h< \r ght between Jack McAullffe
and Billy Meyer for $5000 and the lieht
weight championship of America was
fought with skin gloves at NorthJud^on
Ind. February 13, 1889. After sixty-four
rounds the fight was declared a draw
GRAVELOTTE-M. R., and others
City. At the battle of Gravelotte the Ger'
man army numbered 211,000 men and the
French army 140,000. The loss of the Ger
mans was 904 officers and 19.658 men whUe
the French loss was 609 officers and uKI
FRESIDENT .< OF THE UNITED
STATES-J. W. F.. Keswlck, Cal. There
now has been a decision in a court of
law declaring that a man born to Ameri
can parents without r . the : limits of the
United States, while such parents were
JhSw?™"?! abroa( * or the father was in the
diplomatic service of the United States
and residing in a foreign country, can or
cannot be 'a. candidate for the office of
President of the United States, or that in
case of election he could or could not hold
the office. . , i
GLUTEN-A. S., City. Gluten is a sub
stance obtained by kneading flour, espe
cially wheat flour, in a stream of water,
when- the gluten remains behind as a
sticky, adhesive mass. The gravity of glu
ten varies in flour, but generally it is from
11 to 13 per cent. But little is known of the
nutritive value of gluten. It appears, how
ever, to rank with other albuminoids. To
some extent a bread is made from gluten
alone after its separation from the starch
in the flour. Such bread is made for use
by diabetic patlentß, the object being to
diminish the amount of starch in the food
or the patient. Shorts is the part of
•ground grain »ifted out, which is next
finer than the bran. The first remove
above bran is shorts. Bran and flour
united, that is unbolted flour from wheat,
make good bread, which is considered
more digestible than that made of fine
wheat Hour.
10 per cent discount to soldiers in uni
form. Send your absent friends a basket
or fire-etch box of Townsend's California
Glace Fruits. 50c lb. 627 Palace Hotel bld.»
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Red Cross.
Parties having old papers of any de
scription will confer a favor by leaving
them at Red Cross headquarters. No. 16
Post street. •
SWEDISH PHILOSOPHY.
Homely man haf lot of trouble en dcs
vi -rid, bot hae alvays manage to marry
poortiest girl in naborhood.
Efery old maid es mat at her pictors
taken yen she vas baby.
A faller might batter york for 50 cents
day as to ron in debt dat motch to lif —
hai 1 vould be earin' just sam as yon dollar.
Naver trade horses met a preacher ef
yo vant to keep gute opinion of church
people.
Viskey naver made anybody rich bot
faller vot sells et.
Efery modeler tank her son vill mak
som voman gute man, but hes voman's
modder naver tank so.
Yon half dcs vorld es happy.
An' te odder half es mad —
Ef happy half vould do hes part
Et vould not be so bad.
—Denver Timea.
"Mrs. Win&low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething wtth
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowston* Park, rl»
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In flrst
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip through th»
Park. Send for circular piving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63S Market St.. S. F.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, J6f>; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
8. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado. Cal.
ACKERS DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARK
sold on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn,
raising of the food, distress after eating or
any form of dyspepsia. One little tablet give»
Immediate relief. At No Percentage Phar
macy.
General Miles, commander-in-chlef
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIS SATANIC TASK.
BIS SATANIC TASK
Is Btudying Spanish just now. He
needs it in his business. We hay«
studied everything that we could need
In our business long ago, and are past
masters of the art of making a cuff,
collar or shirt look like new till it is
worn out. The color of linen laundered
here is white as a snowflake, and our
domestic finish is unapproachable.
United States Laundry, office 1004
Market street Telephone, South 425.RULE OF CZAR
SCHWERIN WILL
SOON BE BROKEN
He Now Imagines That the
Corporations Own the
Water Front.
Harbor Commissioners Will
Shortly Dispel the Hal
lucination.
While it may seem strange to declare
that certain <>fllcia!s of the Southern
Pacific Company of Kentucky, who are
also Identified with the mis-manage
ment of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, believe thru the entire water
front is the property of those two cor
porations instead of belonging to the
St:it._- of California, such is the fact.
These officials have been bo long used
to bullying citizens that they now be
lieve that the people have no rights
they are bound to respect. They have
taken upon themselves the power to
dictate Just who shall and who shall
nut be permitted to enjoy the small
privilege of passing through the care
fully guarded gates that lead to the
■ C Mail dock. Considering the fact
that the wharves are State property
and that the docking privileges ac
corded the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company are granted only by suffer
ance of the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners and subject to revocation at
any time, it is certainly strange that
R. P. Schwerin, who finds time to act
as manager of the purchases and sup
plies department of the Southern Pa
cific Company and also act as mis
manager of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, should stoop to mean and
petty practices that might be forgiven
if committed by a school boy. Naturally
one would suppose that an official oc
cupying the responsible position held
by Bchwerln would be above indulging
in spite work that would not be worthy
of notice by The Call were it not that
many have felt the effects of his Czar
like rule, if anything displeases him
he is ever ready to prove how vindict
ive he can be, but as a general rtile the
majority of people rather enjoy his dis
pleasing than his smiies.
The time has arrived when Schwerin
should be made to understand that the
people have some rights that are to be
respected and that the corporations he
represents do not own the entire State
of California. This lesson will be taught
him. Unless he drops the scepter of a
ruler he will be compelled to do so, for
the courts will speedily show him how
small a miu> he is in the world not
withstanding the exalted opinion he
holds of himself ana the corporations
that employ hi.n.
The Call enjoys the pleasure of hav
ing incurred the displeasure of Relent-
Persecutlng Schwerin. It came
about in the usual way. Telling the
truth was the sin committed by The
Call and for so doing the wrath of the
mighty utility man of the twin cor
porations was provoked.
A few weeks ago, when President
McKinley issued a call to arms for men
to fight for "Old Glory" and avenge the
cowardly murder of the brave men on
the; Maine, hundreds of our best citi
zens gave up their daily avocations to
shoulder the musket. The nation was
short of proper troopships and many
s were chartered by the Govern-
Among them was the City of
Peking, owned by the Pacific Mail
Steamship Coupany. Alterations were
■ Bary to afford accommodations for
. ilunteer soldiers on the steamer
and it was believed that everything
would be done to make them
on their trip to Manila
Bay, wli»r>' they are to Join Dewey and
his heroes. A reporter of The Call
:red portals of the Pa
( i;"ic Mail dock one day while the alter
) c bf-ing made and wrote a
Blmple st>ry of what he saw. The City
of P'-kini; was being fitted out for the
men who were giving up their homes
and many of thr-m their lives to fight
for the old flag and Cuban liberty in
such a way that any one with feelings
of Christian sympathy would declare
that cattle rould not live between the
decks. The City of Peking was a veri
table death trap and The Call gave that
to the public. The result was
that much of the work done by the
Pacific Mail Company had to be torn
out: the bunks rearranged and better
ventilation secured for the soldiers.
That of course cost money and any
thing that looks toward an outgo in
stead of an income for the Pacific Mall
Company and the Southern Pacific
pany is frowned upon by Schwerin.
Bo it was that The Call and Its repre-
Ltives have since that time been
very distasteful to Mr. Schwerin.
For lPtting the world know the truth
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
F WWWWWWWW WWWWWWWW
Take
The
Keeley
The man who drinks
and wants to stop can
find an easy way at
the Keeley Institute.
This Keeley treatment
helps a man to help
himself. It is a safe
and pleasant way to
quit drinking.
Send for printed matter that tells
all about It.
THE KEBLEY INSTITUTES,
832 North Main St. Los Angeles.
1170 Market St. ban Francisco.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
»
■concerning the accommodations being
provided for the soldiers of the First
California Regiment of Volunteers The
Call has sinned in the eyes of Schwer
in and the corporations controlling
him.
There are other troop ships to be fit- \
! ted out and The Call will see that :
every possible accommodation will be j
made for the men.
Czar Schwerin says, however, that
i no representative of The Call will be '
! allowed on the Mail dock. He is mis- j
taken, however, for The Call will. If
I necessary, carry the matter to tha i
! highest court in the State and see that
those who leave this port to fight for
our country and flag will not pass the I
Golden Gate in deathtraps to save a
! few dollars to "Uncle" ColHs P. Hunt
ingdon and the Pacific Mail Steamshp
'. Company.
After The Call published the facts
I concerning the way in which the City
| of Peking was fitted up Schwerin gave
orders to the captain of the wharf that
no representative of The Call be per
mitted Inside the gates. Two days
| later he issued another order that the
' reporters of all the papers be kept
away from the Mail dock. There were
things going on in the fitting out of the
other troop ships chartered from the
: Pa.cific Mail Steamship Company that \
might cause criticism, and Schwerin
i took the view that it would be advls- :
i able to make a general rule, to be j
broken when he saw fit, in the interest
of other papers.
Schwerin did not have long to wait
fur an opportunity to vent his petty
spite on The Call. When the steamer
; Belgic arrived bringing news from the
Hawaiian Islands and the departed
troop ships the representatives of all
i the papers other than The Call were al
lowed to go on the wharf and meet the
; passengers. A Call representative
! passed the gate with the others and
was at once stopped and forcibly eject
ed by one of the gatekeepers, who said
that he was only "obeying orders."
It is in such small and despicable
ways that Schwerin proves his great
ness to the displeased and disgruntled
corporations.
It is probable that Schwerin has
never had time to read the law bearing
on the rights accorded the corpora
tions he represents. A few excerpts
i are here given to enlighten him and j
, show him if such a thing is possible •
j that the water front and its facilities
I belong to the people and that the Pa- |
cific Mail Steamship Company can,
with three days' notice from the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners, be
deprived of the many privileges it now
so shamefully abuses. Under an act
of the State Legislature the power to
■ grant leases of water front rights to
' private persons or corporations was
! rescinded, so that the Harbor Commis
sioners have only the right to assign
i or rent wharves from mo-nth to month
! for the purposes of commerce. That the
Commissioners have the authority to
take back any property rented, when,
they so desire, is found in chapter
I CLXXI, section 6, page 194, of the
: Statutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California:
"The said Commissioners shall have
the possession, jurisdiction and control
over the blocks and parts of
blocks formed by the change of
the water front and the extensions
of the streets to the thoroughfare
aforesaid and remove any obstructions
placed thereon in- the same manner as
provided for the removal of obstruc
tions from the piers, wharves and thor
oughfares. The Commissioners are au
; thorlzed to keep and maintain said
blocks and parts of blocks as open
spaces for the use of the public, or they
I may, in their discretion, inclose them.
! The Commissioners are also authorized
I to assign the use of such portion there
! of as they deem expedient for such
purposes solely as will be most advan
tageous to the commerce of the port,
! and upon such terms and conditions
jas they may determine. All such as
'■ signments shall terminate at the pleas
! ure of the Commissioners."
It will be readily seen rrom the law
I quoted above that the people, in the
: name of the Harbor Commissioners,
still hold the water front as State
property. This may be news and un
pleasant news to Schwerin and the Pa-
I ciflc Mail Steamship Company. If they
i have in the past been misled The Call
cheerfully calls their attention to the
mistake.
Another section, and it is not quoted
for the reason that it is included in the
agreement signed between the State
! through the Harbor commissioners and
■ by the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany through Its officers, provides that
| the privileges now enjoyed by the cor
poration can be taken away upon three
days" notice. The steamship company
now holds the property at a monthly
rental of $1800 and is only guaranteed
possession from one month to another.
It is explicitly set forth in the section
above quoted that the assignment of
water front rights shall be made "upon
such terms and conditions as they (the
Commissioners) may determine."
It is confidently expected that before
the month expires the Commission-
kwill by resolution add "terms and
litions" that will prove to the Pa-
Mail Steamship Company beyond
shadow of a doubt that they only
and do not own the valuable prop
erty now occupied by them. The terms
and conditions will be that every one,
Sliding the forbidden representatives
The Call, shall be entitled to free
?ss to the Mail dpck. The Harbor
imissloners fully appreciate the
ridiculous and untenable stand taken
by the self-important Schwerin and
will let him and the corporations he
represents know Just where they stand
on the water front management of af
fairs.
If Schwerin and his superiors had
ever given attention to the decision
rendered by Judge Hebbard in Novem
ber, 1895, in the suit of Morton Brothers
against the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company they would not, unless they
believe themselves above the law, at
tempt to deprive any one of the right of
entering the Mail dock. In the Morton
case the steamship company sought to
give a monopoly of the transfer busi
ness to the Pacific Transfer Company
to the exclusion of all others. The
representatives of the Morton Company
were denied the right of entering upon
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJJS T E 10, 1898.
the wharf rented by the . Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. The case .was
stubbornly fought and after all the law
obtainable bearing upon the case had
been quoted Judge Hebbard decided
that the steamship company was "un
fairly discriminating against the plain
tiffs in granting exclusive privileges to
the Pacific ■ Transfer Company upon
State property, which tends to create a
monopoly and is a usurpation of au
thority not given to it by either, the
constitution, the acts of the Legislature
or the resolutions of the Board of Har
bor Commissioners."
Uncle Huntington has been guilty of
a few praiseworthy deeds. It was kind
of him to save his nephew from being
court-martialed in the navy a few years
ago. Every one appreciated that kindly
act on his pait, but. no - one will be
found who is willing to say that it is
kindly on his part to inflict the people
of the State with the presence of the
autocratic Schwerin. ,- " '-'.'^
The friends of Schwerin say that he
is hardly to be blamed or held respon
sible for the idiotic orders he at times
issues. His sleep, they say, is nightly
broken by visions: and dreams of the
poor unfortunates who went down with
the steamer Colima . that was over
loaded "under his supervision.
« ■» ■ ' "
WILL BEMOVE THE TRESTLE.
Improvements of the Southern Pa
cific on the Local Narrow
Gauge.
The old Alameda trestle, teredo eaten
and tottering with age. will be a thing of
the past as soon as the dredging of the
channel of the Alameda Creek is begun.
The Government has let a contract to the
j San Francisco Bridge Company for the
' widening and deepening of the channel
. and work on it will be begun in the very
near future.
The Southern Pacific Company has ar
ranged matters so that the mud excavat
ed will be deposited along the line of the
! trestle, thus filling in that portion of the
! bay. A blockade of stone will be erected
I to hold the deposit. This will practically
I continue the fi!led-in portion to about 500
! yards from the western extremity of the
! mole.
PROTESTS FROM
HOT DEMOCRATS
NORTH BEACH VOTERS STATE
THEIR GRIEVANCES.
Denounce the Central Committee's
Action and Demand Fair
Representation.
If the Democratic State Central Com
mittee had been present at Washington
Square Hall last evening they would
have heard some statements of facts
that would have caused them some un
easiness. There was no band to play "A
Hot Time," etc., but there was a goodly
crowd of earnest Democrats representing
the North Beach district, who were in
a decidedly hot frame of mind, and they
took occasion to express their feelings
emphatically.
The meeting was held for the purpose
of protesting against the action of the
Democratic State Central Committee in
arbitrarily appointing a managerial
Committee of One Hundred to control
the affairs of the party in this city, ■with
out giving the northern section. 01 ban
Francisco fair representation.
Walter Pilkington called the meeting
to order, stating its object, and J. A.
Spinetti offered resolutions in accordance
therewith, as follows:
Whereas The State Central Committee of
the Democratic party of this State has seen
fit to make an attempt to take from the on Il
legal ami recognized General Committee of the
Democratic party of the city and county of
San Francisco, of -which committee Major Har
ney is chairman, the power which is vested in
it, viz., to manage the local affairs of the
Democratic party and to provide the manner
and mode of electing delegates to the State,
muniripal and legislative conventions. There
fore be it
Kesolved, That we. the bona-flde Democrats
reyl.iing at North Beach, here assembled at
W.-ishington-pquare Hall, corner of Union and
?t'-" .-kton streets, most earnestly protest and
object to any and all arbitrary action on the
pan of the State Committee of the Democratic:
party in making any attempt to deprive the
voters of the city and county of San Francisco
of their rights to participate in the primary
affairs of the party. Be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be forthwith forwarded to, the State Central
Committee, with a request that we be heard
In the premises and given a voice in this mat
ter of vital importance. And said State Cen
tral Committee Is hereby most respectfully re
quested not to carry Into execution a plan
which will prevent every bona-flde and honest
Democrat from participating in the selection
of members to represent thorn in a general
county committee or to suy nominating con
vention, be It State, municipal or legislative.
Mr. Spinetti. in presenting the resolu
tions, said that as a Democrat born on
North Beach he protested against anj
power depriving him of his constitutiona
rights to take part in the selection o
men to represent him. He declared th
action of the State Central Committe
to be un-Democratic and un-American
The most cosmopolitan district in th
city, the Forty-fourth, in a committee o
100 was given but one represt-ntativL
while in strong Republican district
there were as many as nineteen on th
committ<-t>. "We have the right," sale
he, "to say who shall represent us, no
only in conventions, but in office, am
these resolutions cover our grievance."
The resolutions were adopted unani
mously.
Charles Reynolds, in the course of hi
remarks, said that under the new re
gime it made no difference what dis
trict a Democrat lived in, he had no rep
resentative except the "high joint" Com
mittee of One Hundred, who were electe
for life with power to appoint thoir sue
cesnors. Thnse men, Me Nab, Alford am
Gould, "from the cow counties" had com
to the city and robbed honest Democrat
of their birthright. "I think." said he
"the Democrats of this part of the cit
will say to Mayor Phelan and his fellows
'You can put these men before us, bu
you can't make us vote for them.' Th
right to participate In the affairs of th
party was all that was asked for. ]
the action of the State Central Commit
tee was proper and in the interests of the
party, then the committee could as well
go to Stockton, Sacramento or San Jose
and take the same action to force their
candidates on the party.
"This is despotism," said Mr. Reynolds.
"Let us quit or stand together and defeat
them at the polls if they will not be
just." This sentiment was greeted with
enthusiastic cheering.
E. J. Hill, speaking to the resolutions,
said the battle for the right of repre
sentation began with the Boston tea
party, and that that theory had been the
cardinal principle of the Democratic
party to this day. "It is our privilege as
American citizens to say who shall gov
ern us," said the speaker, "and we can
not permit anybody to deprive us of it, p
not even Governor Budd, Mayor Phelan
or any one else in the party. If they have
come to the point where they cannot
trust the men who have horny hands,
then we must say to them 'We cannot
trust our destiny as Democrats in the
hands of a kid-glove gentry.' "
The meeting adjourned with cheers for
the sentiments expressed.
WANTED IN BAKERSFIELD.
Frank Brown, a Colored Man, Ar
rested in Oakland.
Frank Brown, a colored man, was ar
rested in Oakland yesterday by Deputy
Constable Bert M. Tibbet of Bakersfield
and brought over to the City Prison,
where he was booked en route.
Tibbet says that Brown was employed
by Mrs. Davis, who has a barber shop in
Bakerafield, and about three weeks ago
he skipped, taking with him a quantity
of jewelry and the receipts for the pre
vious two weeks.
According to Tibbet a charge of murder
! may be entered aganist Brown. M^3. Da
vis' husband was murdered about a year
ago and suspicion fell upon Brown, but
sufficient evidence has not yet been ob
tained to fix the guilt upon him.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
Vessels Libeled.
W. Schoener filed in the United States
District Court yesterday a libel against
the schooner Abbie F. Mains to recover
J228, alleged to be due for wages. In
the came court an intervention was filed
by the Black Diamond Coal Company
against the steam tug Tiger for $133 22
for supplies furnished.
PECULIAR
DEAL IN
LUMBER
Combination of Some
Big Local Firms.
WILL FIGHT WOOD & CO.
STRUGGLE FOR THE TRADE OF
THE HARBOR COMMISSION.
An Attempt to Torce a Firm to
Give Up a Big Contract
Taken on a Low
Rate.
There is another disturbance in lumber
circles which threatens to lead to some
sensational developments.
For some time past there has been a
mutual understanding between both
wholesale and retail dealers not to sell
lumber to the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners for less than $14 per 1000 feet. In
order to be In line with the policy of
those doing business with the board it has
been tho rule to charge the board more
than any one el*e for materials.
During the past month there had been
an unusual tightness in the market, and
every effort has been made by firms to
dispose of material on hand. The E. K.
Wood Lumber Company, although a
party to the agreement that has in the
past been carried out to the letter, cre
ated a tremendous row by jumping over
tho traces and putting in a bid some days
ago to furnish lumber to the Commission
ers during the next six months for $11 50
per 1000 feet, thus breaking the compact
and causing the companies in the deal to,
metaphorically speaking, foam at the
The contract has not as yet been let out
by the Harbor Commissioners, but the
disgruntled dealers, knowing that the E.
X Wood Lumber Company will accept
the contract as it can make a snug profit
by the venture, have set about to punish
it for its rashness. •
With this end in view they have planned
a scheme by which the deserting com
pany will suffer two-fold. At a meeting
which was held the following day a new
agreement was signed by the "combine
to this effect: "Not to sell to the success
ful bidder." This was done in anticipating
the Wood Lumber Company's success
knowing that although the successful
bidder has a large supply of lumber on
hand, it is not enough to supply the Har
bor Commission continually during such
a long period.
The State law demands first-class lum
ber but it is a well-known fact that when
first-class lumber Is in demand in outside
circles all the Harbor Commissioners get
is second-clHss material. It is presumed
that the Wood Lumber Company cannot
keep up its contract under such a state
of things, and the "combine" figures that
it will force th# Wood Company to throw
up its contract or come into the combina
tion under the old programme. But, if it
dare go ahead under the bid of $11 50, it
will be simply impossible to buy lumber
at less than $14 per thousand feet, which
would mean a grave loss.
The fight is now on, and those familiar
with the situation are on the gui vive a3
to its outcome. Those of a sporting turn
< f mind are wagering that the company
will abdicate, while others who are ac
quainted with the firm are willing- to bet
that it will fight to the bitter end.
THE CASE IS NOW
UNDER ADVISEMENT
SUIT ON AUGUST WIDBER'S
BONDS SUBMITTED.
A Decision Is Expected in a Week
or Ten Days — No Appeal Will
Be Taken.
Whether or not the city and county of
San Francisco or the Fidelity and De
| posit Company of Maryland will be out
j the amount of money embezzled by cx
i Treasurer August Widber now rests with
j Judge Belcher. The suit of The People
to recover $100,000, the amount of the re
sponsibility of the surety company, was
\ submitted yesterday after argument had
j been concluded, and a decision is expect
!ed in about a week or ten days. The Fl
! dellty and Deposit Company has stated
i that it will nbkle by the decision of tho
j court now having the case under consid-
I oration, and this being the fact. Judge
j Belcher will take all the time necessary
to study the authorities and precedents
cited by counsel before filing a decision.
Judge Cope argued the case on behalf
I of the Fidelity and Deposit Company,
and Garret McEnerney argued in the in
terest of the city and county. Many ques
tions of law of a purely technical nature
made up the arguments of the lawyers
and at the conclusion the case was sub
j mitted. Judge Belcher announced when
! he took the case under advisement that
j he would notify the attorneys to be pres
! ent previous to rendering his decision.
1 : :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©♦ ♦■♦♦♦♦ ♦♦■♦♦♦. ♦.♦♦.♦.•
THE BIG STORE IN THE MISSION
X SMALL FIGURES
i^. Are what you want in everything, '+
4; especially in furniture and carpets. +
* A house is a large institution, and it £
+ takes money to put it in shape. +
♦ You must buy at small figures to +
t^ keep the . total outlay within bounds, ~t
+ .We have a monster building filled >
.+ with all the articles that make up a ♦
: first-class house-furnishing, stock, and +
>■ as our rent and expenses are low we +
"♦" can undersell any downtown competi- +
J tors, for even if they sell AT COST
•4- we can sell the : same goods for less >
"*" money and still make a fair margin ; "*"
of profit, .. .... ■.-.",■ . , +
. NOTE— goods marked In plain V
"*■ figures. . , '
"♦" illustrated Catalogue mailed free. . "*"
-f " -:■ '■ ■• ; - ■:.-, "■ ..■■ ■ ' +
£-■ PATTOSIEN'S, *
> Mission and Sixteenth Sts. ♦
■f + + 4. +•+ +V+ +.> >+ -f 4-+ .•
.•-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f*
CAPTURED IN
CENTER FIELD
Prophets Are Betting on
Gilt Edges.
TEAMS MUST WAKE UP.
THE NECESSITY OF PRACTICE IS
URGED.
Here Is a Chance for the Managers
of the League to Prove . That
in Truth They Are
Magnates.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The Gilt Edges, from all accounts, will
simply walk away with the pennant. At
any rate, such is the opinion entertained
by the "fans" in Sacramento. From the
game these boys have been putting up
ever since the consolidation the claim
made by their supporters is by no means
groundless. Out of all the games played
they have met with but one setback, and
that at the hands of a team which, since
leaving Fresno, has been tearing down
the toboggan at a terrific gait. In eleven
games they have made but twenty-one
errors, an average of a little less than
two a game. This record, while not phe
nomenal, is nevertheless great work and
a billion per cent higher than any team
that I have seen play at Recreation Park.
There is no getting away from the fact
that if the rest of the clubs do not wake
up and play ball in a very few weeks the
Gilt Edges will be beyond recall. Such is
the state of affairs at the present mo
ment, and when one is capable of realiz
ing what an important factor daily prac
tice cuts in a league race it ts easily un
derstood why this team will clear out
everything before it. "Practice makes
perfect." No collection of players, be
they "stars" or not, can expect to play
the great national game unless they re
sort to unremitting practice. Just imag
ine a team supposed to be of the best
making from four to nine errors every
game they play. This has been a very
common occurrence at Recreation Park,
and it is gradually becoming tiresome.
Last Sunday the San Franciscos defeated
the Fresnos. It was a good game, vet
each side made four errors. The fact that
they did hot make ten each was such a
surprise to those present that many" Im
mediately advanced the opinion that in
the next game the error column would
be full to overflowing.
It is very evident that the patrons of
the game have been educated to expect
this sort of thing, and it is really sur
prising. Errors, of course, belong to
baseball. Without them the game would
be robbed of a great slice of its glorious
uncertainty, and we all know it is this
uncertainty which makes it so popular.
It does not, however, necessarily follow
that from four to ten errors should be
a part of every game of ball. This style
of play does not glisten with uncertainty,
Decause it happens in all games, save,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
**°t DAWSON CITY
V And All Points on the Yukon River.
Elegant Steel "LEELANAW."
Steamship LCCLAIN A W . '
Positive Sailing From Howard-street Wharf No. 2
Saturday, June .11, 3 p. m.
First-Class Accommodations. Lowest Rates. Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
LIEBES BUILDING, 139 POST STREET.
fFOR PRESS CLUB,
FINE TAILORING 123 in Street.
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other nrn nnnnn nriirriT
joTpoheTm RED CROSS BENEFIT,
All^0 O rder Ui /r B omsl2 tO s3s EXHIBITION AND SALE OP SKETCHES
.' & I (M f| BY LOCAL ARTISTS AND ART
Pants from •• - $4 to .s I 0 STUDENTS.
201 and 203 Montgomery St. batvrday junk ii. ■
844 and 846 Market St.. SATURDAY. JUNE 11.
WO and 1 112 St. San Francisco. From 2 to B and 8 to n p. m.
He has now ia his charjje one of the largest stationary engines in the manufacturing
district of Kensington, and for more than fifteen years .was one of the most trusted
engineers in the employ of the Reading ■ Railroad \ Company. Speaking of RI PANS
TABU LES," he ' said: "The lives of thousands ; of -j people often depend upon the
single hand of an engineer. The man at the throttle is responsible for the safety of
every soul aboard the train. He must have a steady hand and a clear eye. . But en-
gineers, like all other human beings; are subject to ills and more than once RIPANS :
TAEULES have helped me along when; without them, I must have failed in my duty.
. "As an engineer I have been on duty at all hours of ; the day and night," said this
man who, by the way, Is • named John Gilliece and lives at No. 2054 East > Somerset
Street in Philadelphia, " and sometimes have had to snatch my meals with scarcely a
moment' 3 interval of rest. ; Consequently I ' hare ; at ' limes I Buffered intensely from ,
nervous dyspepsia . and - poor digestion.; The only thing I ever found that would
relieve me thoroughly and quickly was a RIPANS TABULE ! and ]l ; still take one
..when I feel the need of a stomach stimulant. Ido not know of anything that could
take their place."
A ns-v (trio packet con&vlnlzur rar TABtxta In 0 paj>»»- carton (without plus) U now tor nd* at com« drag
■tore*— fob iirt cents. Thin iow-prlo«<J sort in intended (or the poor and tha eounointori. - On* aoaanettM -
%TM«B{eact<mi> (i» Mtml««> o«j; b« had by midi by lending forty-oigbt cotti to the Kaisu CUaaoit Co*
'": RAJCTi B»i -M S&QB* iw*«ii h'*w T»rk— or a glngl»*>rto9 <jyt turoiii) wttTta »n> tor conlfc > ,
possibly, In one or two instances, such as
that of last Sunday, and a number of
such mistakes in a single game of ball Is
outrageous. The fault is very evident—
iack of practice." How can these teams
expect to play ball if they do not devote
some of their leisure moments to prac
ticing? The players cannot be blamed
for yellow playing. Why should they
practice and wo Vie overtime when the
money comes without wasting this en
ergy? It is the duty of a manager to see
that they do practice. He should make
them get out every day and set the ex
ample by appearing at the grounds him
self. If it be impossible to do this he
should resign in favor of some one who
will look out for the welfare of the club.
Why do the Gilt Edpes play such steady
ball? Because they practice, not before
a game, but every day. When they ap
pear on a diamond and compete for su
premacy it is not a case of chance with
thorn. They do not go after a ball with
the fear of missing it, which comes only
from lack of practice. They play with a
dash that is beautiful to gaze upon, for
it is real baseball— National League base
ball in a good many respects. They bunt,
and do so properly.
In a game last week five safe bunts
were made in succession. Such playing
at the bat will win nine times out of ten.
It is the only way to play. How is it that
they accomplished such a difficult feat as
making five safe bunts in succession?
The same old story — practice, practice,
practice. They do not waste their time
making fancy one-handed stops and
catches, like a good many players I have
seen. It is team work with them. What
we want to see at Recreation Park for a
change is a game of ball, played by teams
which are not completely demoralized
through lack of "appetite" for practice.
This can only be had by the managers in
sisting on their players practicing every
day, and by appearing on the scene to see
that their orders are strictly obeyed. In
this manner, and no other, can League
games be productive of good baseball, the
kind that is expected. Let these other
teams follow in the wake of that great
Gilt Edge aggregation.
Individually, I cannot say that they are
the best batch of players on the coast,
but as a team they certainly are In a class
by themselves. I have seen them play
but three times (rather brief acquaint
ance), yet in those games I have wit
nessed more real base ball than all of the
other games combined. It was only re- I
cently that I learned this team practiced
every day and consequently it does not |
take long to figure out the secret of their
success. They are at the top of the lad
der, and will remain there so long as they
continue to adhere, to the methods now
employed. I can see no possible way of
their being headed in the championship
race, unless the other teams practice
daily. In this way, and no other, can the
race be made interesting. For the benefit
of the game, and those interested in see
ing it again placed upon a solid footing, it
would be well for the managers to "get
in the game" and demonstrate their right
to be termed magnates. The success of
the game rests in their hands. They can
easily make both ends meet by giving the
"fans" good baseball, and the quicker
they realize the importance of daily prac
tice the better for all concerned. The
Baltimores practice for two hours every
morning whether they have a game in the
afternoon or not. They won the cham-
Fiionship for three consecutive years by
ollowing out these three most important
rules: Practice; Practice; Practice.
Failure to Provide.
The case of Percy L. Smith, carpetclean
er, charged with failure to provide, was
dismissed by Judge Low yesterday.
Smith showed within the past fourteen
months he had contributed $336 toward
the support of his family, notwithstand
ing' the fact that he had been for some
time out of work. He denied that he had
expended any money belonging to his
wife, as stated by her friends.
Alice Bix
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
DUFFY'S PURE
toTmldicina?use
NO fusel oil
Examine the bottle before the
salesman wraps it up. Satisfy
yourself that you are getting the
real Duffy's and not some wretched
imitation. Substitutes abound as
well as retailers unscrupulous
enough to handle them.
Book on application.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
Advice to
Bicyclists.
The ordinary leather /j^jg^gf'V
saddle is a drug on (f (J&Lj \
the market at from 25 \rMj (f
to 75 cents. "Strip- e^^SjL&^X
ping" Christy Saddles Xpsi&jßi&JkV[
from bicycles that \^^^^r/l
i come from the manu- \ \^tM| //
i facturers with this high- \\r»#a!»,//
grade equipment and . \> ==! """*' .. : .
substitution by the agent of the cheap
leather saddle is unfair to the bicycle-
maker, who goes to additional expense
| to provide his wheels with the best equip-
ment, and is a fraud on the purchaser.
Insist on the Christy. Avoid cheap imi-
| tations. Once a Christy rider always a
' Christy advocate.
IA. G. SPALDING & BROS.,
I NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krcllng, Proprietor and Manager.
, EVERY EVENING.
A REAL HIT.
: OUR PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE.
/IIN
AMERICAN HERO!
Great Cast— Superb Scenery.
Correct Costumes — Appropriate Accessories.
THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE.
NEXT— ALI BABA.
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices 25 and 500
I Ko Telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. John Martin Presents
CLAY CLEMENT
In the Beautiful Comedy-Drama . .
THE NEW DOMINION.
"A Universal Success."
! Next Monday Night— The New FRAWLEY
COMPLY in •'DUMBER NINE."
SEATS NOW SELLING. .
BALDWIN THEATER.
At the Request of Hundreds.
• REVIVAL— as given at Oberam-
mergau, the novelty of the age, "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." Every afternoon at 8:15 and.
night at 8:30. Seats 25 cents. ■ ,
KATIE ROONEY. "A Chip of the Old
Block"; WILLS and LORETTO, "The Tramp
and the Soubrette"; ALBURTUS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swingers; EZRA KEN-
I DALL, Humorist; LAMONT FAMILY, Eu-
rope's Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
phone Wonders; last 3 nights of PROFESSOR
LEONIDAS. Dog and Cat Circus: AL LEACH
and the 3 ROSEBUDS, and HARRY ALL.IS- .=
TER. New Impersonations.
■ Reserved seats, 25c;' Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. . -
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. > : -
I Second Week of the Popular Eastern Actor»
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent production of; the Great;
Scenic Melodrama. ■•,•-;
THE COTTON KING.
ALCAZAR seat pho c .
ni-<vnz4m\. main 254.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
LiEVUIS morcreisoiN,
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES I
PRICES. 15c, 25c, 33c, 50c.
MONDAY NIGHT LEWIS MORRISON IN
"A CELEBRATED CASE."
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, June 12th, at 2:30 p. m.
S\A/lAIMIING RACES
Between the
BOYS UN BLUE I
For Valuable Prizes.
; Kansas, North Dakota, South Dakota, Mon-
tana and U. S. Signal Corps
will take part. ■
ADMISSION,. 10c. CHILDREN/ Be
Mothers, Sisters, Sweethearts and Wives!
See Your Gallant Heroes : .
DEPARTING ON THE PEKING,
AS SHOWN BY THE ANIMATOSCOPE
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
MT THE CHUTES.
; SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ALWAYS FREE!
! See Cannon, the 613-Pound Man! ,
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: Children. sc.
EL CAMPO,
i THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
•Now onen every Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing, .Bowling. Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip :sc: Children, 15c; including ; admission
to Kround£ THE STEAMER UKIAH _ _
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 11:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1, 3 and sp. m. ' • : '
r>T VMDI A I Corner of Mt»on and
ULYJYIPIA | Edd^SUwtj.
THE BIOGRAPH.
The Greatest Projectoscope In the World.
Life scenes of thrilling interest from the seat
of war.' A great olio of strong specialties.
Admission free. Matinee Pun*"-- .:.
DR.M9NULTT.
TPHIS "WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLbi
■ J. Spetlallst cure* rrlvate,Nervous,B!ood and Skin
Diseusea of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. : Send for Book, free. i*atlenr.v
: cured at Home, i Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dallyj6:SotoB.3oeT I (rs..Saridayß,lotol2. Consult*,
don free and sacredly confident ia>. Call orad«-e«a ■
P. KOSCOE Jlf-SV JLTT. H. I*, .
. 09)6 Keariur Street. Sun Francisco, «**#,
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver lower.
Wheat futures declined.
Other cereal unchanged.
Old Hay firm and new weak.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Dried Peas lower.
Potatoes easy. Onions about the same.
Poultry in fair supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fruit market heavily stocked.
Vegetables also In good supply.
Provisions In fair demand.
Hides strong.
No further advance In Hogs.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The following Is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the !
United States at the close of business May 31,
received from Secretary Gage: Interest -bear- '
ing debt, $347,367,410; debt on which interest
has ceased since maturity, $1,264,850; debt bear-
Ing no interest, $354,8y«,315; certificates and •
Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount of j
cash in the Treasury. $563,799,933: aggregate of
debt $1.7a",325,M)5. Compared with the state
ment isKue<l April 30 the figures show a de
crease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to $507,000, and a decrease In the i
aKßreKate debt of $1,222,099. The cash in the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
$207,701,263; silver, $514,072,039; paper, $69,459,367;
boii.lß. rutoor coin, fractional currency, etc, |
807, 693; aggregate, $521,070,369. The cash '
balance In the Treasury April 30 was $215,810,
622, and on May 31, $19."'. 754. 815, 6howing a de
. crease during- the month of $20,056,807.
The statement contains the following note:
The Government has been reimbursed for $27,
, 236,515 principal and $31,211,711 Interest, being
the total Indebtedness of the Union Pacific
Railroad .Company to November 1, 1597, and for
the principal of the Kansas Pacific indebted
ness, amounting to $6,303,000.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ure? at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the !
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal |
temperature. The word "high" means high ;
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied j
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- !
pure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows", usually '
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low I
along the coast, and the isobars extend north j
and south along the coast, ruin is probable;
but when the "low" la inclosed with Isobars of I
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im- |
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of :
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali- ;
fornia coast, wanner weather mey be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— ~aciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California:
Eureka, 58; Fresno. 92; Los Angeles, 70; Red :
Bluff, M; Independence, S2; San Diego, 64; Sac
rmtnento, 80; San Luis ObisjK), 62; Vuina. 96.
Ban Francisco temperature: Maximum, 56; .
minimum, 52; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure continues to fall over the
• greater portion of the Pacific slope. An ex
tensive area of low pressure overlies the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. From Yuma
the pressure is twlow 29.70 inches, except along
the coast, where it Is slightly higher.
.The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the Pacific slope. It Is much
above the normal in the Interior of Washing
ton and Oregon.
Cloudy and unsettled weather, with numer
ous thunder-storms, has prevailed in the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carson City. 34 miles per hour from
the south; Phoenix, 28 northeast; El Paso, 26
southwest. Thunder showers are reported at
Wlnnemucca, Carson City, Independence and
Phoenix.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 10, 1S98:
Northern* California and unsettled
weather Friday, possibly thunder showers in
the Interior; southerly wind Friday.
■ Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather; probably thunder showers In the
mountains; southwesterly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day: probably thunder showers.
Utah — Cloudy and unuettled weather Friday;
probably showers.
Arizona — Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day, with thunder showers in the mountains.
San Frnnrisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled Friday; probably showers; southerly,
changing to fr<*ph westerly, winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. ■ taken
at 5 :>. m.— Clear; wind west, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 67; maximum, 73.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
MEW YORK. June To-day's stock market
was almost a repetition of yesterday' . ex
cept that the marked weakness of Sugar had
rather less effect on the general market than
•was the case yesterday. This stock began to
drop from the opening and fell away by spurts
until ,the recovery In the final hour. Appa
rently some support wan forthcoming at each
successive point downward, or the Bellini? pres
sure was temporarily relaxed. These occasional
rallies were not of large proportions, and the
stock succumbed readily to renewed raids upon
it. The extreme decline was over, four points.
Brooklyn Transit was the most conspicuous
stock for strength. A very large and urgent
demand developed for It In the latter part. of
the day, blocks of 1000 shares lifting the price
one-quarter of a pnlnt t>* a time to a little
6ver 3 points above that of last night. To
bacco was a medium between strength and
weakness. It was weak at one time, during
the morning, but was very conspicuous In the
afternoon rally, rising strongly over four
points. This< rise and the rally In Sugar came
after the news from Washington of the action
of the donffrees on the revenue hill.
The railroad list w.'is comparatively neglected,
the market being distinctly one of specialties.
There was a drive agalnct thf Grangers in the
late dealings, which carried Burlington down
nearly a point litM'.w last night's level, but a
full recovery was effected before the close.
Borne of the railroads failed to respond, and
the market shows some net losses For the
most part there was a disposition to let the
railroail lift alone on account of the unset
tling Influences of the w^akn'-ss In Sugar. The
strength in Brooklyn Transit was duf- to the
large increase in earnings shown with the ad
vent <if pleasant wt-ather. The local gas se
curities were all ctron" both on th<- exchange
and In the outside market, on renewed talk of
consolidation of all existing companies. But
the strength was not fully maintained. The
closing was active and strong at full recov
erien in some cases.
Railroad bonds wore active, and the dealings
were well distributed. Prices were better held
than stocks, though there was a yielding In
the early afternoon on realizing in the specu
lative lines, with a subsequent rally. Total
sales, $3,fi25,000.
United States new fours coupon declined %.
and the old fours registered advanced % In the
bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-da- were 49fi,700
'■haren. Including: 9400 Atchlson preferred;
49<0 <". and 0.: 22. 1 M Burlington; 640" Louis
ville and Nashville; 8120 Manhattan; 6800 Read
ing preferred: 4400 Missouri Pacific; 3300 New
York Central; 8100 Northern Pacific; 9300 do
preferred: 3300 Reading; 7100 Rock Island:
54.500 St. Paul: 19,700 union Pacific preferred;
18,000 American Spirits; 6400 do preferred; 63.
200 American Tobacco; 7100 Chicago Greats.
Western; 21,500 People's Gas; 9900 Consolidated
Gas; 7000 General Electric: 112,800 American
Sugar: 3800 Leather preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% St P & 0ra.'....., 78
Do prefd 32% Do prefd 149
Baltimore & Ohio 19% St P M & M 142
Canada Pacific .. 85% So Pacific .... 16%
Canada Southern. 52 So Railway 9
Central Pacific .. 14 Do prefd ........ 31%
Ches & 0hi0...... 23 Texas & Pacific. 12%
Chi & Alton 168 Union Pacific .... 61
Chi B & Q 104% U P D & 0 7%
Chi & E 111 63 VVabash 7%
CC C 4 St L.... 39% Do prefd 19%
Do prefd 82- Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson.... 10$% Do prefd 1114
Del L & W 154 Express Companies-
Den & R G....... 12% Adams Ex 100
Do prefd .. 65% American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) ' 13"4 United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 37 Wells Fargo .....116
I Fort Wayne 168 Miscellaneous — [
Gt Nor prerd.... 176 A Cot Oil 28%
Hocking Valley... 54 Do prefd 74
Illinois Central i. 105 Amn bplrits 14%
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Do prefd 37%
Do prefd 72% Am Tobacco 112%
Lake Shore 188 Do prefd 118
' Louis & Nash.... 55% People's Gas 102%
Manhattan L .... 104% Cons Gas 20SVfe
Met St Ry 160% Com Cable C 0..... 160
Mich Central .... 102 Col F & Iron 21%
Minn &- St L 29 Do prefd 90
i Do Ist prefd.... 98 Gen Electric 35%
I Mo Pacific 35% i Illinois Steel £6
Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Laclo«le Gas 49%
Mo X & T 11% Lead 35
J Do prefd 34% Do prefd 106
i Chi Ind & L...... 9% Nat Lin Oil 19%
' Do prefd 30 Or Imp Co 30 ,
N.l Central- 95 Pacific Mall 29%
N V Central 116 Pullman Palace... 186%
N T Chi & S L... 13% Silver Certificates oS 5 *,
Do Ist prefd.... 65% Stand R & T 6
Do 2d prefd.... 34 Sugar 136%
Nor West 15 Do prefd 114
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 26%
No Pacific 29% U S Leather 7%
Do prefd 65% Do prefd 66%
Ontario & W 15% 17 S Rubber 19%
Or R & Nay 52% Do prefd ..'. 78
Or Short Line 30 West Union 91%
Plttsburg 169 C & N W 125%
Reading 19%! Do prefd 168%
Do Ist prefd.... 47% St L & S W 5%
Rock Island 106%' Do prefd 11%
8t Louis & S F... 7% Chi R W 25%
Do let ~refd.... 64 Do prefd 64
Do 2d prefd 80% Chi G W 14%
Bt Paul 9974 Haw Com Co 23
Do prefd 148 I' P Common — 24%
CLOSING BONDS.
C 8 new 4s re*.. 121% N Carolina 65.... 127%
Do coup 121% Do 4s 104
U S 4s 107% No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 109% Do 3s 62%
Do 2ds 95 I Do 43 96%
U S 5s reg 110% !N V C & S L 4s. 104%
Do 5s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 120
District 3.65s 114 Northwstrn cons. 143%
Ala class A 110 Do deb 6s: 116
Do B 101 0 Nay lsts 115
Do C 101 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atehlson 4s 92% O S Line 5s tr.... 105%
Do adj 4s 66% O Imp lsts tr.... 114
Can So 2ds 10S% Do 5s tr 60%
Chi Term 4s 86 Pacific 6s of 95... 100%
C & Ohio 53 114% Reading 4s 85%
C II & D 4%s 104% R G W lsts 87
i D & R G Ist*.... 106 St L & I M C ss. 94%
i D & R G 4s 95% St L & S F G 6s. 119%
i East Term lsts.. 10S St P Con 145
I Erie Gen 4s 74% St P C & P lsts. 118
j F W & D lsts tr. 73 Do 5s 116%
i Gen Elec 5s 103 So Ry 5s 95% I
I G H & S A 65... 108 Stand R & T 65.. 65%
' Do 2<ls 108 Term new set 3a. 90
] H & TC 5s 179 T & P L G lsts.. 105%
Do- con 6s 104 Do Rg 2s 36%
| lowa C lsts 101 UPD & G lsts.. 61%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 109
!L & N Unl 45.... 90% Do 2ds 84%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 109
I M X & T 2ds 63>4 Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4s 87%! Do deferred ... 8
| N V Central lsts. 114% il' P prefd...;.... 61
NJC 6s 114 UP 4s 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point .... 11 Ophlr 15
Con Cal & Va.... 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry-. • IE Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 76 Sierra Nevada ... 59
Homestake 40 00 i Standard 150
Iron Silver • 57 Union Con 07
Mexican 1C Yellow Jacket ... 20
| Ontario 3 00
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 9.— Atchlson, 13%; Bell Tele
; phone, 272%: Burlington, 104%; Mexican Cen
, tral, 4%; Oregon Short Line, 20.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 9.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram cays: The stock
markets hehe were quiet and steady to-day.
The rise was somewhat aided by the with
drawal of 500,000 of Japanese coin from the
Bank of England for Japan.
Spanish 4s were flat, t
Americans were lifeless. The length of the
forthcoming account Is again an active specula
tion. There are difficulties In the corn trade,
owing to the fall In prices. One Important firm
Is i gossiped about In this connection.
Grand Trunk was good on favorable traffic
estimates.
CLOSING:
Canadian Pacific, %%\; bar silver weak, 27Hd
per ounce; money, H@l per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,435; export?, 4125. Weak and lower to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts, 609.650: exports, 120,411.
Spot weak: No. 2 red, $1 11 f. o. b. afloat ex
port grade. Options opened firm and had some
advance on strong early cables, but failed to
hold their advantage. Subsequent realizing
on a prospective bearish Government report
to-morrow caused a late break to a point \@
U4c below last night. No. 2 red July, 93>^ig96c.
closed 03^ic.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— Tin and Spelter exhibited pro
nounced strength again to-day on liberal de
mand and light offerings. The other depart
ments of the metal market, however, were
neglected and without Interesting new features.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, easy with $6 60 bid
and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, with $11 90 bid and
512 10 asked.
Firmer, with $15 10 bid and $15 20 asked.
SPELTER— Strong, with $4 45 bid and $4 55
asked.
LKAD— Quiet, with $3 72H bid and $3 77%
asked. Lead was quoted at $3 60 by the firm
naming the settling price for leading Western
miners nnd smelters.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, 5 points net
lower. Sales, 3750 bags. including: June, $5 70;
July, $5 70. Spot Coffee— Rio dull: No. 7 in
■ voice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c. Mild, dull; Cor
dova, SVi&lsy>c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c. Refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June 9.— California Dried Fruits
quiet, but steady. ■-;.•
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, 9iff9 1 4c: wood dried, prime,
9V*c: choice, 9V4c: fancy, 10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, m 10c; Moorpark, 10^12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 9.— The chief factors In
Wheat at the start was the upward movement
In Liverpool and the continued rains in this
country. Some of the early cables from Liver
pool quoted July nearly 4c per bushel higher,
with September also stronger. This gave the
bulls here considerable encouragement and at
the same time caused shorts some alarm. The
rains in the winter Wheat belt continue, and
as the havest is near at hand traders begin
to fear a wet harvest, so that shorts were in
clined to cover, and there was also some dis
position to take the long side for a turn. On
the other side of the account were the follow-
ing fresh pieces of Information: The Kentucky
State crop reports gave the condition of Wheat
at 104. which wns said to be the highest ever
recorded In Kentucky. Thoman's June crop
report pave conditions Indicating a total crop
ot winter and spring Wheat of unprecedented
magnitude, 775,009,000 bushels being the estl
m.-.te from the present outlook. The market be
came gradually heavy as the session pro
gressed, the bearish reeling being encouraged
by the prospective harvesting of an Immense
crop, and the early advance was lost. Leiter
brokers were heavy sellers of September at
the decline. At the present rate of shipment
the contract grade in store will soon be less
than 500, "00 bushels. This Imparted a good deal
of strength to July. At the close July waa %c
lower and September l%<g/H4c lower.
The excessive rains In the Corn belt caused
prices to. rule strong In spite of the heaviness
In Wheat. July cloned V4c higher.
Sympathy wlt?J Corn and unfavorable crop
reports caused a strong market in Oats. July
closed %i5 >T /fcc higher.
The selling pressure In Provlslona was ap
parently relieved and there was buying by
packers who have been sellers heretofore this
month. The close showed advances all around,
25c in pork and 17V£c each in lard and ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
June $102 $1 02 '' $1 01% $102
July .......... ....-..■ 89 89 87 87%
September '.... 77% 77% 74% • 75%
December 75% "5% 73% 74%
Corn, No. — -' *•■: -
June -.».".. ........ 31% 31% 31% 31%
July 32% 32% 32% 32*
September 33% 33% t2% 33%
Oats. No. 2— • ■.
July 23% 23% ,23 23%
September 20% 21% 20% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl— m
July .....' ..-.10 32% 10 62% 10 SO 10 60
September 10 r.2»-fc 10 72% '10 47% 10 70 .
Lard, per 100 lbs— '
Ju1y* .........:;..... 595 605 . 595 ,6 02%
September ..6 05 6 17% 605 615
Short Ribs, , per 100 lbs—
Ju1y^...... ..'..'5 65 ■ ■ 5 77% . 567 - • 6 77%
September ......... 575 6 87% 675 5 87%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, slow; No: 2 spring Wheat, 95@96c; No
3 spring Wheat, 90c@$l; No. 2 red, $1 01; No. 2
Corn, . 82% c;: No. ;. 2 Oats, 25% c ;; No. ■ 2 white,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1398.
28% c; No. 8 white, 27@27%c; No. 2 Rye. 45c;
No 2 Barley. S3®4oc; Ko. 1 Flaxseed, $1 17;
Prime Timothy Seed. $2 82%@2 85; Mess Pork,
per barrel, $10 45@10 50; • Lard, # per 100 Pounds
$6@6 05; Short Rib Sides, loose. $5 95: Dry Salted |
Shoulders, boxed. B®s%c ; Short Clear Sides, ;
boxed. $6 15@6 30. •' , , ■
Articles- Receipts. Shipments j
Flour, barrel. - 74.000 |.ono
Wheat, bushels 469,000 76,900 |
Corn, bushels .. 715,600 854,000 |
Oats, bushels 191.300 232.000 ,
Rye. bushels •• 2.500
Barley, bushels 10.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was firm: creamery, 13@15%c; dairy,
13@15%0. Ergs, steady; fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. '■■;';
Receipts. Shipments.
Ai:'i> ■ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 72.960 17.250
D-uluth 23.752
Milwaukee 24.700 ......
Chicago 46.900 78.445
Toledo 5,241 41.253
St Loula 7.000 5.000
Kansas City 8.481 1.640
Detroit ..... 8,000 23.600
Totals 192,034 167.088
Tidewater—
York".'.'.".'.'.'.'.".'"!!!il"'."Eo9;6Ts 420.145
New Y,ork 609.675 420.140
Philadelphia 2.050 3,504
Baltimore 28.767 .147.000
Galveston* 600
Totals .......644,456 670.645
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 63 15 60 70
! Closing 63 25 60 70
Flour — *.-*--: . "-" ''I-"-i
i Opening .....28 60 22 95
Closing 28 68 22 85
.v.NY LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 8 11% 6 8 «4%
Closing Ijl^. 9 6 8 64%
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June CATTLE— Were In good
demand, averaging 10®15c higher than at the
clone of the week. Choice . steers, $55 35; me
dium, $4 5504 70; beef steers, $4 3f.@4 80; stock
; ers and feeders. $3 85®5; cows and heifers. $3 40
! @4 80; canners. $2 60@S 35; calves, $4@7.
HOGS— Were 2®sc higher. Fair to choice,
$4 07®4 20; packers, $3 90®4 06; butchers, $3 95®
4 15; mixed, $3 92<3>4 07; light, *3 75@4 10; pigs,
$2 7r.j?3 85.
SHEEP— To-day's trade In sheep was active
at yesterday's advance. Native sheep, $3 60®
5; clipped lambs, $4 50@6: wooled lambs. $6 40@
6 CO; spring lambs, $5 3506 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
14.000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500:
market steady to lower. Native steers. $4®
4 60; Western steers, $3 90®4 50: Texas steers,
$3 7T.04 35; cows and heifers. $3 60®4 30; stock- j
ere and feeders, $4@5 20; bulls, stags, etc $3ij)4. <
Receipts, 8400; market Be higher.
Heavy, $3 9064; mixed. $3 90^3 95; light, $3 90® !
3 95; bulk of sales. $3 90@3 95.
SHEEP— Receipts 1600; market strong. Fair
to choice natives, $3 75«?4 60; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 40; lambs. $4 25@5 90.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, j
3000: market steady to strong. Native steers,
$3 50^4 90; native cows and heifers, $2©2 70;
etockers and feeders, $4 10@5 35; bulls, $2 75®
4 85. ■
HOGS— Receipts, 12.000; market s@loc higher,
active. Bulk of sales. $3 85@4 05; heavies, $3 Ss@
4 15: packers, $3 8O@4: mixed. $3 7£®4; lights.]
$3 «s(g>3 90; pigs. $3 40®S 76.
SHEEP— Receipts. 11.000; market steady i j
lambs, $4@6 50; muttons, $3 50@4 75.-
DENVER.
DENVER, June 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 800;
market steady. Beef steers, $3 90®4 70; cows,
$304; feeders, freight paid to river. $4<g>4 80:
stockers, freight paid, $4®4 70; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 f)o®3.io.
HOGS— Receipts. 600: market firm. Light
packers, $3 95 4; mixed, $3 90®3 95; heavy, $3 80
@3 90.
— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 11l 6-16; . silver, j
37% d; French rentes, 108f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, June Cargoes off coast,
! steadier; cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
English country markets, quiet; Liverpool
wheat, spot, dull. ■■■- ■:■.'.-•■.
COTTON— Uplands. 8 9-16.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm. Futures closed quiet. July, 9s; Septem
ber, 6s Sd: December, '6s 4%d; No. 2 red West
ern winter, firm, 8s 7d.
CORN— Spot American new, firm, Ss 11 %d;
July, steady. 3s 2%d; September, steady, 3s
3%d. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, June 9.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; Walla; Walla, 76c; valley and blue
stem. 78c per bushel.
Cleared — British bark Louden Hill, for
Queenstown, with 123,493 bushels wheat. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June Wheat— Club, 78@80c;
bluestem, Sl@B3c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Juno 9. — To-day*« state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $192,125,583; gold re
serve, $168,020,554. ••*.';:
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, June 9.— Exchange!. $267,397;
balances, $35,758.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85V4
Sterling Exchange, Co days — 4 87">i
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17yj
Fine Pllver per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 48 46ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
wmEAT — The market continues devoid of
animation and futures are lower again. Spot
values are nominal and unchanged.
Spot Wheat—^..lpplng, ; milling, $1 65@
1 CO per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session —-9:16 o'clock — December —
82,000 ctlfi, $1 37Vi.
Second session— December— lß,ooo ctls. $1 35V
18.000, $1 35%; 28.000. $1 35%.
Regular morning session— December— 4oo ctls.
$1 35V* ; 2<J(X), $1 354; 3000. $1 35y 4 ; 72.000. $1 55%.
Afternoon session— December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 35V4; 6000. $1 35: 18.000, $1 35%. May— 2ooo,
$1 37%; 2000, |1 37%.
HA RLE V— There was no chancre yesterday.
Feed, $1 17',4'al 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL HOARD SA..ES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
COOO ctls, $1 IT 1 *: 2000, $1 17.
Second session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 16% •
2000. $1 17; 40' JO, $1 16%.
Regular morning session— December — 18,000
ctls. $1 161*; cfiOO. $1 16.
Afternoon sepslon— lo.ooo ctls. $1 14%; 6000.
$1 14%; 28.000. *1 14%: 8000, Jl 15; 2000, $1 14V4-
OATS -The market continues very slow.
Fancy feed, $1 40 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 32'-aOl 37H: common, $1 30igl 32V4; Surprise,
$1 40@l 45; gray, *1 32V6®1 35; milling, $136®
1 40 per ctl.
CORN— The old familiar quotations still pre
vail.
Small round yellow, $1 25ff-l 30; largo yellow,
$1 OTViiffl 10: white. $1 05fl 07V4 per ctl.
RYE-SI 3n<ffl 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7S<SI 85 per ctl.
FL^uR AND MILLBTTJFFS.
Fl^OUß— Family extras, $5 60@5 60; bakers'
extras. $5 25<<jo 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS- -Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour, |3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100:
I Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
I Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 76; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
f6 20; In sacks, $5 60@6: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lba.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
New Hay Is weaker again, as It 1b too fresh
to suit consumers, who take the old In pref
erence, and the latter Is accordingly firm.
Bran and Middling are unchanged.
BRAN— SIS 50® 16 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50<5f22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTTFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31ff?31 30; Job
bing, $32i?32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28tf?30 per ton; Cornmeal, $34 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY — (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $20®
23; Wheat and Oat, $19g22; Oat, ; Bar
ley, ; compressed Wheat. $21@24; com
pressed Oat, $1C!§j18; Alfalfa, $12@13 50; Clover,
nominal.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound, $17@19; Oat,
; Barley. ; Island Barley, ; Al
falfa. $12@13 50.
PTRAW— 6S@9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
: . No further change In Beans 1b noted. :
Green Peas are quoted : lower.
BEANS— Bayos, %i 90@3; Small Whites, %2&
2 10; Large Whites, $1 95@2 05; Pinks, $2 60©
2 70: Reds, *2 75@i 90; =; Blackeye, *3 26(g)3 40;
Butters, $1 7501 90; ; Limaa. $2 90@3; Pea, $1 85
@2; Red Kidneys, $2 65@2 76 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, $2 25@2 60 per ctl j
Yellow Mustard, *8 15<®3 23; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2V*£2*ie per lb; Alfalfa, 3ig>6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp. 2%@2c: Timothy. 505^0.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75«2: Green. $2®
210 per ctl. ■ . -. ;■..': •••: -•..• •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant. 8@12%c per lb;
Green Peppers, 10@12^c; Tomatoes, $1 60@2 £>
per box.
Potatoes ars unchanged. Onions are rather
firmer. String Beans are lower.
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, 40<f60c per sack;
Oregon Burbanks, 40@60c; new Potatoes, 50&6 Dc
for Karly Rose and 85@85c for Burbajiks, in
boxes.
ONlONS— Australian jobbing at $4@4 50; new,
70S 75c per ctl for red and 75#90c for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 164 boxes As
paragus, 50 boxes Rhubarb, 325 sacks Peas and
123 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 50@2 75 for extra large; $1 sO<3>
2 25 per box for No. 1, 50c@$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 50c@$l per box; Green Peas, 75c®$l 25
per sack: Garden Peas 2c per lb: String
Beans, 3@6c; Wax Beans 3@6c; Horse Beans,
40ffiT.0c per sack; Summer Squash, 65c@$l per
box; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra,
12M>c: Cabbage, KOiftGOc per ctl: Carrots. MO6OO
per sack; Marysvllle Cucumbers, 75c@$l per
box; Vbcavllle Tomatoes, P^r box : Green
Corn, 25®'35c per dozen; Garlic, 4@sc per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced, desiccated. 16^180 ; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c:
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 500-
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was no change In Poultry yesterday,
the market being well supplied and quiet.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10^'12c for Gob
blers and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75°
®$l: Goslings. $I@l 23;. Ducks. $3@3 60 for old
and $3^4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50(54 50; Roos
ters, young, $789; Roosters old. $3 50^4; Fry
ers. $j©6: Broilers, $3 505T4 50 for large, $2@3
for small: Pigeons. $l 25®1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EOGB.
Quotations were undisturbed. The demand
ab-vit ralarr«c the supply In ail kill*.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18H019c; sec
onds, 17\*&18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16%©17V4c; common
grades, 15@16c per Ib.
Eastern Butter— lmttatlon creamery, 16®
MHc; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17
©18c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, BH<B ) 9c: old, 7H®
8c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
9®loc; Eastern.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, lSig'Uc per dozen; store
Eggs. 14{?15c; Eaatern, 14Vi(315c; Duck Eggs.
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries never were so poor as they are this
year, and the low prices are not to b« won
dered at. A few fair-sized Apricotr are now
coming In, but they form but a fraction of tha
receipts. Peaches are In good supply and slow
of sale.
Berries range about the same.
Citrus Fruits are In ample supply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRriTS—
Receipts were 231 chests of Strawberries and
6234 boxes of Cherries and 910 boxes of Apricots.
Strawberries, $2@4 50 per chest for large and
$C(fi7 for small berrius.
White Cherries. 15-530 C per box; black, 20®
60c; Royal Annes. 3,W60e; k>ose Cherries, 1@
2c for white and l@Sc per lb for black, and
2@3c for Royal Anne.
Currants, $2<fj"3 50 por ch<«st.
Blackberries, 75c<g$l per crate and per
drawer.
Plums, 35(365c per crate and 2.'> > 9>6oc per box;
Cherry Plums, 2u@Soc per drawer and 35@iOc
per box.
Apricots, 40tfJ75c per box and 60@76c per
crate for Royals.
Ptaches, 40<u>75c per box and 50tg!750 per
basket.
Gooseberries, l!?!c per lb for common and
4<Ssc for English".
Newcastle Raspberries, fl 3?>'?f 1 f.O per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, $S@lo per chest.
Apples. EOc9l ."0 per box; new Apples, 35®
50c per box and 2r.'5135e p •■ basket.
CITRUS FRUITS -Navel Oranges. $1 75@3 25;
Seedlings. "Sctil 23; Lemons. 50c@$l for com
mon and II 2f,^2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3ijJ4; California Limes, in small boxes,
40<j?5Oc; Bananas. $1 2J@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
6c for 40-50's, 4Vi@4V4c for EO-60's. 3<Jifg 4c for
60-70's, B^S^Hc for 70-80'b, 2Vl'3c for 80-90' 2%
@2%c for 90-100" 6 ; Peaches, 30f.c; fancy, 5V4®
6c; peeled, 10@12Hc; Apricots, sfiJ6V£c for Royals
and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparka; Evapo
rated Apples, "Vs'ffSo: sun-dried. 4V4<if6c; Black
Figs In sacks. 2@2&c; Plums, 4^@4%c for
pitted and lVi@l^c f.Tr unfitted: bleached
Plums, 6<gsUc; Nectarines, 4®sc for prime to
fancy: Pears, 2H<S"4Hc for quarters and 3@5VaC
for halves, according to coloi^ etc.
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3Hc for four-crown, 4 c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and. $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c
; NUTS — Walnuts, 3<34c for hardshell, 45?6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6(?i7c for
softshell, BVi<99o for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@>
SV4C for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans. 8HOBc: Filberts, 9HiT'loc: Brazil Nuts.
g®9c per Tt>; Cocoanuts, J4 J(V<TS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9010 c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5V4®
6c: light amber extracted, 4^4<g;s%c per ll>.
BEESWAX— per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Quotations show no change.
Dealers report a continuation of the
good demand. • Bacon, ■9c ; per Ib for
heavy, 9%0 for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured; |
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10»4@nc; Cali
fornia Hams. »^@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12V4c per
It).
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and BVic for pure; palls, 9V4c;
California tierces, o^c per tt> for compound
and "Vie for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb
tins. SUe; 5-tb tins, S«ic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%<@~%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb palls, 60 In a case, 9%0;
3-Ib palls, 20 In a case, SHe; E-Ib palls, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lt> palls, 6 In a ease, B%c; 50-rb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
rbs net. BVic: fancy tubs. 80 lT>s net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND 'SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10@10V4c; medium, 9@9M:c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9#9V4c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, »%c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hldee. 16V4c; culls and brands,
13@13%c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf,
18i'a'2Oc; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@37^c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins. Rood summer. 25<^30c
per Ib; medium 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30e each; short wool, 40-5700
each; medium, 70@90c; long wool, 90c@$l 30
each; Horsehldes. salt, $2@2 50 for large and
$1 50®2 for small; Colts. 25®50c; Horsehldes,
dry. $1 50-62 for large and $I@l 50 for small;
Colts, 25©50 c. -. .:■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3<SSM>c per tb;
No. 2. 2@2Hc: refined. 4V4©4%c; Grease. 2c.
•WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaqutn, defective, 7<B>
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@Uc; free Northern,
17@18c. .
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9(ffl2Hc per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Receipts of Hogs continue moderate and the
market is firm. Beef and Mutton are steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality,
l%c; third quality, •i'li'ic per !t>.
VEAL— Large, 4tf)se; small, 6#7c per tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7^@Bc; Ewes. 7@7V4c per
n>.
LAMB— Spring, BrjJß%c per Tb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4V4<g:4%c for large, 4H@
4%c for medium and £\%(gAc for small; stock
Hogs, 3ttfa3'4c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE!.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-July, 6«4<f
BVfec; Wool Basra, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, fs per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, |7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Oate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, r.'-fec; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 6Vic;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
Tb; half-barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes Vie more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. June 9.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.100 Pelts, bdls 178
Barley, ctls 730 RaiHins, bxs 8,017
Corn, ctla ?j Hay, tons 150
Butter, ctls 236 Wool, bales 310
Cheese, ctls 133 Errs, doz 18,980
Tallow, ctla 230 Quicksilver, risk. 56
Beans, sks 2,263 Wine, gals 20,700
Potatoes, sks ... 2,385 Hides, no 3,481
Onions, sks 378 Lime, bbls ". 81
Bran, sks 1,305 Leather, rolls ... 50
Middlings, sks .. 91
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 15,8851 Bran, sks 1.562
Bafley. ctls 3.900 1 Shorts, sks 963
Oats, ctls 1 r,oo|
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 840: Hay, tons 20
Bran, sks 700 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4.000|
UTAH.
Hay, tons 201
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were wr>ak and the best prices
were lewer than those of the preceding day.
In local securities Oceanic sold up to $C 3 25.
Business was lighter than for some time.
In tho Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode on the 130 level, during the
past week the main west drift has been clean
ed out and repaired a distance of 12 feet; total
length. 577 feet. Brunswick lode— On the 600
l«vel work is resumed In the main north drift
and the same was extended IS feet; total
length, &60 feet. The Joint north drift on »J»a.
Sutro tunnel level has been cleaned out and
repaired a distance of 83 feet; total length, lew
feet.' ,' .:.-.:■ ■ <■■■:■.. ?■: ■ . '■■:'
The Calumet and Heel a Company ha« de
clared a dividend of $10 per share, payable
June 30. to stockholders of record June 4. •
Dividend No. 105 of 10 cents per share has
! bean declared on the stock of the Pacific Vine
gar and Pickle "Works, payable on the Win
Inst. !■■- ■'-'
The Victor Mining Company of Colorado has
declared a dividend of 60 cents per »hare.
amounting to $100,000, . the largest dividend
ever declared by this company. ,
The Spring Valley "Water Company will pay
the usual monthl- dividend of 60 cents per
share on June 20. • • .. . ■ .
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay Its usual monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share to-day. ; .
The San Jose Water Company will pay Its
regular monthly dividend of 60 cents per share
to-day. ___ _ _
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
- THURSDAY. June 9—l p. m.
Bid.Ask. . ' Bid.Ask.
is quar c0up.,109%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 87 88%
4s quar reg..,107%108 Pac L Co — 50
is quar new.,.121%121% S F G & E... 87% 88
Miscellaneous • San Fran .... 3% —
"al-st Cab 6s. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s . 125 — - -Insurance—
2 C Wat 65. ..101 — Firem's Fund. lßs — :-■
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
I E L & P £5..127% — Anglo-Cal .... 66 88
I F & C! Ry 65. 113 — ; Rank of Ca1..243 245%
: 3eary-st R ss. — 58 • Cal SD & T.. 97% 99
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat : ....202%210
L A L Co 6s. — 100 ■ LonP & A... 128 130
Do gntd (55.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 16
Market-st .126% — T Nev Nat 8....152%160
Do let M 55..113%114 Savings Banks-
I Vat Yin 6s Ist — 971,4 Ger S & L..lofiO —
VC NG Ry75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N' Ry Cal 65. .107%— Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55. .100%—. S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 65.101 — • 3& L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 55. ...100 — Security 9 B 260 — ■><
Do 2d Is 5«..109 111 Union T Co.looo —
Om Ry 6a 124 — ' Street Railroad—
PA O 6s 108%— - California ....107% —
P& Cl Ry 85.109%112 Geary 40 —
Powell-st ..118 120 Market-st .... 83% 64%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6 8%
Sac Elecßyss.loo — ' • Powder—
6F4 N P 65.107%108 California ....125 160
aierraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
8 P of Ar 65.. 105 — Giant Con Co. 45 , 46%
B r Cal 65.... — 113 Vigorit 3 3%
BPC Is eg 65.. 94 — Miscellaneous— -
S PBr 6s 112%114 Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94%
S V Wat 65...116%117% Gen Ld Wits. .llo —
B V Wat 45...101%101% Hana P C 0.... 11 13 •
Stock Gag 65.. — 103 HC & S Co.. 22% 22%
Water Stocks— ■ . Hutch B P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa. — 58 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 99% 99% Oceanic 8 Co. 62 7 63%
Gas & Electric— Pac AFT...... 1% 2%
rent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot Co. 101 —
Mutual El Co. — 11% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 4S 60
Morning Session. *-.:- '; : - .
tOO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar IS 00
125 Oceanic Steamship Co 68 25
10 Giant Powder Con 48 76
lOCal Safe Deposit 98 60
Street— ■„
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 63 00
Afternoon Session
6 8 F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
20 Spring Valley Water 99 25
10 California Safe Deposit..... 99 00
315 Hawaiian Commercial 6i Sugar 22 25
210 do do 22 37%
300 do do b6 22 37%
ICO Hana Plantation Co 12 00
250 Oceanic Steamship Co 63 00
60 do do 63 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 20 100 Ophir 27
200 Caledonia 25 100 Savage 05
200 Challenge 22 200 Sierra Nevada.. 5.
200 Con Cal & Va.. 43 300 66
200 Gould & Curry.. 15 500 Union Con 07
100 14 100 Yellow Jacket... 21
100 Mexican ........ 15 ••
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 25 , 200 Occidental 65
100 m 24!100Ophlr 28
100 cnallenge 22 i 200 Sierra Nevada.. 56
300 Con Cal & Va.. 42; 150 Union Con 05
60 Gould & Curry.. 131
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha . 02 i 200 Mexican 16
1200 03 300 Ophlr 29
300 Belcher 07 400 27
150 Best & Belcher. 20 £00 Overman 07
300 Caledonia 27 200 Savage 06
400 25 1100 Sierra Nevada. 57
lOOOChollar 09 200 56
200 Con Cal & Va.. 43 300 Union Con 07
500 Crown Point ... 10 400 06
400 Gould & Curry.. 14 200 Yellow Jacket... 21
200 Hale & Norcross 75
Afternoon Session. '
300 Belcher OS 200 Mexican 14
400 Best & Belcher. 20 200 Ophlr 28
300 Caledonia 25 300 Potosl 13
250 Challenge Con... 21 300 Savage 07
COO Chollar ■.... 10 400 ...:.. ..: 06
100 Con Cal & Va.. 42 ' 200 Sierra Nevada.. 57
'.00 Crown Point ... 10 500 Union Con ..:.-.. 05
150 Gould & Curry.. IS 100 Yellow Jacket... 20
600 •«_ Mj
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
* THURSDAY, «une 9—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. -^ V>, Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02. 03 Julia — 01
Alta 06 07 Justice 06 07
Andes 07 OS Kentuck ....... — 06
Belcher 06 07 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con — 05 Mexican 14 15
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental 65 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 29 30
Caledonia 24 25 Overman 07 08
Chollar 09 10 Potosi 11 12
Challenge Con. 21 22 Savage 05 06
Con Cal & Va. 42 43 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Confidence 35 40 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 66 58
Crown Point ..10 11 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 165
Exchequer ..... — 03 Union Con ..... 05 06
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 75 77Yellow Jacket. •19 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Oulton to Louis Schultz, lot on NW
corner of Scott and Greenwich streets, N 275,
W 172:8. S 144, W 24:8, S 131, E 197:4, quitclaim
deed; 11.
H. Voorman to same, same, quitclaim deed;
Laura R. Roe (widow) to Hugh Huddleston,
lot on NE corner of Washington and Spruce
streets, E 77:6, N 127:8*. X 60. N 25, W 137:«,
S 152:8%; $1.
Estate of George H. Roe (by California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company executors) to same,
same. $17,000.
Alexander E. Grogan to Henry P. Sonntag,
lot on NW corner of ■ Sansome and Jackson
streets, N 60 by W 30; $10.
John and Mar'- Hardiman to Frank H. Heide
mann, lot on SW line of Seventh street, 150
SE of Bryant. SE 25 by SW 80; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Violet Broderson, lot
on S line of M street, 32:6 E of Tenth avenue,
E 29:2 by S 100; $10. ■:
• Estate of George W. Dean (by Benjamin D-
Dean, executor) to Michael Loftus, lot on SE
line of San Jose avenue. 164:2% N of Twenty
ninth. SE 73:8%, NE 25, NW 78:9%, S 25:5%,
Tiffany and Dean Tract; $800.
Benjamin D. and James W. Dean to same,
same; $5.
Frank Cresta to Caterina Cresta, lot on NW
line of Cayuga street, 240 NE of Onondp^o. NS
294, W 677. SW 207, SE 237, NE 240. SE 237. lots
1 to 4, 8 to 10, block 17. West End Map No. 1;
also lot on SW line of Onondago street, 200 SE
of Cayuga. SE 231, SW 258. NW 114. NW 114,
NE 240, lots 6 to 8. block 12. same; also lot on
E corner of Cayuga and Onondago streets, SE
431, NE 80, NW 231.' NE 80, NW 200. SW 160,
lots 7 to 9, block 13,, same; $10.
Alameda County.
Franklin V. Pitcher to Henry C. Morse, 12%
acres beginning at the Intersection of the cen
ter line of Union street if produced 8 with S
line of First, thence E 326 ri 1532, Wto lands
of Susan Hays, thence N 1740 • to beginning,
Oakland; also lot 10, block 446. Oakland; $1. .
B. E. Rockwell (wife of Myron S. Rockwell)
to Bertha M. Rockwell, lot on N line of Cen
■ tral avenue, 600 E of Park street, E 168 by N
100, being lots 19 to 22, block B. Parsons'
Golden Gate Tract, Oakland annex; $10.
Same to B. M. Rockwell, lot 23, block B,
same; $10.
Joseph H. Leonard to Elizabeth OK. Leon
aril, lot on TV ■ Una of Magnolia street, 200 N
of Thirtieth, N 25 by W 133:3. being the S 25
feet of lot 10. block G, lands of Peralta Home
stead Association. Oakland; r gift. '
H. E. (and as attorney) and Carrie S. Alden
(by attorney) to . Mrs. ,C.: C. Mathewson, lot
44. block F, Chrlstlanla.Tract. Oakland annex;
$10 ' ■ ■ . • -■•-•- -.-.'
C. M. Walker to Minnie Walker, lot on S line
of Francisco street, 120 W of Grant, W 35 by
S' 135:4H, block 3. State University Homestead
Association No. 4. Berkeley;• gift.
Mary A. Malline to Felix Peano, the E half
of lot 16, block 11, • Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. '
Tins CALX, CALENDAR.
June. 1888.
We
1
Sa.
4
11
IS
Moon's Phases.
/Csi Full Mooa.
VS/i i June 4.
10
»
IT
/ft Last | Quarter.
si. June 10.
j£l New Moo a.
W : June 18.
a
90
2J
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange. 1b
maintained in San Francisco for th« benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can alwnys be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of tntorest to ocean commerce.
The tlmtball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minute* before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
Iff telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory »t Mare
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, ii
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning- papers the following day.
C. p" WELCH. Rnstgn. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Oeodetlo Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters oocur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JT7NE— IB9S.
. *;■-.■(' ' Friday. June 10. At*
ffnn Ttnfi&.*.9 •••••••• ••••-• ••••••••- •••••••- •*••• _*_.
Sun seta • m.'m« m
Moon rlwes 11:59 p.m.
JTlmg| Pw . t lTlme[
iH W L W
''H W!
6:01
L W|
0:5JI
1 :8'J I
2:24
3:1!
4.8 11:06
*.l H W
2.0 8:28
1.61 7:49
121 M:O2
0.8 1 10 :0«
I
0.51 £:18
I.l] 6:01
L W
8.9 1 V.W
8.91 12:4!'
3.9 1 :*>
4.0! 2:20
I
I
O.i li:i8
5.3
H W
1.81 "■■*:>
2.2! 7:27
x«| 8:"
2.U! 8:45
5.4
'■•.8
67
0.8
NOTR In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence) as -o time. T.n«
second time column gives the second tide or
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column »rtves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts. «cept
when a minu sign (— ) precedes the helghth,
and then the 'number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts, rhe plane of
reference is the mean nf the lower low waters.
bTEAJIKKS TO AKUIVB.
ureron
Humboldt.
Santa Rosa
Fulton
Ohio
Wellington
Orizaba
Walla Wa11a....
Coiumma ......
Coos Bay
Empire.........
Curacao.."'.
Mlneola.
Pomona
Chllkat
State of Cai
Crescent CltT..
Mackinaw '
Homer
Uinatllla
Arcata
Nortn F0nt...,.
Portland Jne 10
Dyea Jno 10
SanDlero.. ....... Jne JO
Portland .... .  Jne 11
Seattle Jne 11
Departure B»y - Jne 11
Humooiot Jne a
Victoria 4 Pruret Sound.. Jne 11
Port<ana Jne 13
Newport - '• Jne It
Coos Bay- Jno 18
Mexico ••• Jne 13
Comox Jne 18
San Diesro Jne l*
Eel River Jno 14
Portland Jne JO
Crescent Cicr Jne 14
Tacoma Jne 16
NowDort ...-. Jne IB
Victoria & 5n0. .... Jne 19
Coos Bay Jne 16
Humooidt — tJne !'•»
STEAMERS TO BAIL.
PTKAMIR. I DEBTIXATIOXI
Sails.
OCOlltt
Homer.....
Arcata —
Prof Morse
City Puebla
Chiikat •
Till.amok..
St. Paul
Orejron
Leelanaw . I
Santa Kosa
Hortn Fork
Orizaba.. ..
Columbia..
Cleveland..
Coos But..
Pulton
Humboldt..
Walla Wlla
Moana
Pomona.. . ■
State of Cal
Humboldt. ...| Juno 10. 10 am
Newport iJunelO. 9am
Loo» Bay IJnnelO. 4PV
Alaska. Uune 10
Vie & P?r Sna Uune 10. 10 am
Humboldt.... June 10. 'Jam
Alaska June 11. 6PM
Alaska June 11. 3 pm
Portland June 11. 10 am
lAlaaka Ijunell. 2PM
San Diero June 12. 11 AM
Humboldt ... June 13. 9 AM
Humboldt.... June IS. 10 am
Portland June 14. 10 Ail
Alaska June 14
Newport June 14. i> am
Oreeon Ports! June 14. 10 AM
Alaska. I. Tune 14. SPM
Vie A P*t Sna i June 15. lv am
Sydney June 15. 2pm
|Sau Die»o i JunelS. 11 am
Portland ijune 17. 10 am
tPler 2
Pier 11
Piar U
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 8
3 W i
Pier 12
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier »
Pier 13
Pier II
i Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier »
Pier 7
Ptar 11
I Pier 11
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroaraphlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Juna
8, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at nooon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign, U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. June 9.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 20 hours from
TJsal
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 46 hours from Coos Bay.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. 77 hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Shea, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammons, 10 days from
Tacnma.
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell, 9 days from Seat
tle
Schr Glendale, Johnson, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Sequoia, Thwing, 15% hours from Fort
Bragg.
Schr Volant, Krogr, 6 days from Nehalem
Schr Vega, Rasmussen, 9 days from Port
Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Thursday. June 9.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend ; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. _ __"
Rchr Jennie Wand Christiansen. Kahului;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Sohr Kate and Anna, Anderson, sea otter
hunting outside Alaskan waters; Charles Lut-
Sohr W F Jewett, Johnson, 8t Michael;
Alaska Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 8.
Btmr City of Topeka, Thompson, Seattle.
Stmr ■»"ashtenaw, Croecup, Tacoma.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. St Michael.
Sohr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Ocean Spray. Ostlln.
Sohr Bender Bros Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, Coqullle River.
Schr Mayflower Olßen, Coqullle River.
Schr Albion, Christiansen, Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 9—lo p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, S\V: velocity. 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
May n— Lat 3 N, long .28 W, Br ship Glen
elvan, from Cardiff, for Victoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June 9— Schr Llllebonne,
fr Sal.c S d an ju P n e e dr^Schr Ottlllie Fjord, for Ka
hului: schr Eclipse, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived June 9— Stmr Cleone, hnc
JU MENDOCINO— Sailed June 9— Btmr Point
Ar F^R'T °ROSS- F sX°a BC JJuneJ oune0 une 9-Schr L. Chtt
ena. for San Francisco.
VENTURA- Sailed Juna 9— Stmr Qe-rge
Arrived June 9— Schr Challen
eer from Seattle.
PORT \NOELES— In port June 9— Ship Co
lumbia from Tacoma. for San Francisco; .stmr
Indlana. from Seatle, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed June 9-St-nr
Al SAic r 'PEDRO— Arrived June 9— Stmr Jewel.
"rKPONDO- Arrived June 9— Schr San Buena
ventura. from Grays Harbor; schr Glen, from
Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 9— Schr Orient, hnc
TACOMA— Arlved June 9— Stmr TJmatilla,
"saUed^une 9— Ship Columbia, for San Fran
cleco; stmr Navarro, for St Michael; stmr Wil
bur Crtmmin. ._ .. _ .
EUREKA— SaiIed June 9— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June 9— Stmr Pasadena
from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 9— Bark Aureola,
for San Francisco.
MONTEREY— SaiIed June 9— Schr Mary E
FORT ROSS— Arrived June 9— Schr La Chll
ena, hence June 7.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 9— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed June 9— Schr Wm Renton,
for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed June 9— Br stmr Welling
ton, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 9— Stmr South Port
land.
VENTURA— A rived June 9— Stmr G Loomls,
hence June 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June B— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June »— Br ship Ditton
from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 9— Br ship
Earl Cadegan, from Tacnma.
LIZARD— Passed June 9— Rus ship Hoppet,
from Orppon. for Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 7— Br stm Mogul
from Tacoma.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived May 2— Bark Agate,
from New Ynrk. for Ran Francisco.
ADELAIDE— A rirved June 7— Schr Golden
I Shore, from Tacoma.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1898.
WEEK DAY&
For Mill Valley and San Hafael— 7:oo, *&:00,
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. »6:00,
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at U:SO
p. in.
SUNDAI'S.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •SM, •9:00.
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:00. »1:45. *2:3n. «4:00.
5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San RafaeL
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:16 Pl m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way station*.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL. '
■•utiikrh* rAciner Acinc cohpabtt. ,
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leavtt »■<! nre dn« to arrive sit
HAN KIUSCIM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LKAVK — FBOM JUM« 1. 1898. — A*RIV»
•0:»6a Nilee, San Jose and W»j Stations... •8:4*4
• 7 1*« a. Menicia, Sulaun and Sacrwnento.... 10:4.1 A
7:OOa MarysTille, OroTille and Reddlug tl»
Woodland St*S
7:00 a Vac*Yille and Enmsey 8:45 \
7iao A Martinet, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
OalUtoga and Santa Rosa.... S 1 ] 5 '
SiOOa Atlantic Express, OgUeu and Kast.. S«43*
NißOa Nile*. San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacrainouto, Marysyillo, Chlco,
Tehama and Itefl Bluff 4ilsp
. •8:8»A Peters, Mlltou, 0akda1e............. *7ilSr
Oi»»a Now Orleans Kxpress. Merced. Fres-
no, BakersOeld. SaiiU Barbara,
los Auveles, Demti.g. El Faso, •
New Orleans and East «»43 F
10:00 a Vallejo. Martlne£ and Way Stations 7:43
•itOOr Sacramento River Steamers . . " V?« r
Ban Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... :»:I3a.
•iO4>p LiTormore, Mendota, Hanford and
VUalia... " • 4ilSp
Lrrurmore, Ban Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JlOtia*
;.... Fresno, Yosemite, Merced, Martloea 12:15*
4i»«P Msriliiez, San Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Callstoca. Xl Verano and
HanUltosa ••'• OilOa
4tO*r Benlcia, Vacarille, Woodland,
■■;-..' Knights landing, MaryaTillo, Oro-
Tille and .Sacnu.imito • 0:40 a
4iBop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13;
4:80r Stooktoo, Lodl, Oakdale (James-
town for Yosemlte), Merced 12: 15?
4:00 j» Latbrou, Modesto. Merced. Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemlte), Fresno,
Mo]aTe, Sauta Uarbara and l.os
Autteles 7>43a
. 4iBof Santa Pa Uoiite, Atlantic Express
for Mojafe and Kas» 6545 r
•(•Or ISiiropeau Mall, Ogdeu and Kast.... 9)454
••t«Or Vallejo 12:l"»r
OiOOp Uttywarilii, Nilrsaml San .lose 7:43 a
J7»oor Vsllejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions , 1»:43p
8:*0r Oregon I'x|irraß, Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle, He-Mln*. Portland, I'nget
Bound and K»*t Btl3\
' bkll LtiMMtO ANIt HAVWAItOS LOCAL.
-\ (Foot of Market Street.)
\ Metroie, Seminary Park, 7 7:1»a
8««Oa Htclihurr. Elmharst, K9:4K 9:4
»•••* 8«u Uand ro, SeMth Sa« J? ! i9*-
«^o2a UmiTQ, E*t«rttl!o, Joijap
ili,**M ' wreßio, Cherry t\Mr
i8:00r „ »nd }t:43 F
St«Op Haywards. |Si43p
7toop I Runs through to Nile*. 7:45p
J I From Niles7 j.
1 COAST 111 VIS (.Narrow tiauge).
(Foot of Market Street)
|7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, BaaU Croi
. and Principal Way Stations :*t»sp
•:15a Newark. Centerrille. Ban Jose, Fetton,
Boulder Greek, Santa Onn and Way
Stations 3»50p
•*il3p Newark. CeoterriUe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feiton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1s)«30a.
4tl3p San Jose, Qlenwood ft Way Stations 9i2oi.
o4:iapßonMer Creek and BaotaCrns Jt»;gQA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmUf mUdSOO— t-t of Market Street (Slit »)—
•7:15 9:00 11:004.91. 11:03 *2:00 13:00
•i:00 tS:OO *6:00f.M. '
rreaSHUlß— Not »r Broadway.— "6.-00 Bioo 10:00 a.m.
J13:00 *l:00 13:00 *3:00 11:00 # 3:00r.M.
Z-x: COAST 111 VISION (Bread ttange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
*7:OOa San Jose and Way Stalioii* (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only)  IIBOP
t7tBOA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Padfio Grore and
Principal Way Stations J9:33p
9i«Oa Sau .lob.i. Tres rinos, Santa Cruz,
Paoilic Grove Paso Rubles, Sail
Luis Obispo, (liiadalurie, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10r
I I»i4»a San . lose ami Way Stations <8:M0a
11:8Oa San Jose and Way Stations *8:33*
*Si:43rSan Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilie
Grove •10:80*
•8:!»«r San Jose and Way Stations «O:(H>a
•4sl3r San Jo*eaml Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35*
3t3or San Jose ami Principal Way Stations . &:3Or
fl: 80 p San Jose and Way Stations v 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way BUtious 7:30r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays exempted, t Sundays only, t Saturdays o'/ly
| j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip w
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at 1:50 •
and 11:30 p. m. ..;..-.■■'.-'- . > -. ■■•
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
' 5:00, 6:20 p.m.. . . •- - ', «.-,"-, j
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a, m. 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p.' m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ April 23, ■
Week | Sun- IS9B. Sun- j Week
Days. | days, j Destination, days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, [ 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roea. 7:35 pm, 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am < Windsor, . 10:25 ana
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am; Cloverdal". | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:au ami | uopiand ana 1u:26 am
3:30 pm I &:00 am Uklah. 7:36 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am • '"' J 10 : 25" am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. | 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I i 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8.40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am »:W am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm i 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weßt
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Eerville for Skaters Springs; at Cloverdale fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakpport I and . Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Boonevllle, Git's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, West port, I"sal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets iat
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
TUB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
j Every Day Pullman Paloce Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
.;„ Run on the Following Time
Leave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.S\hk
Arrlv* Denver.. ......5:00 p. an.. W.T.F.S.S.M^
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.Wj
i Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,,
i Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S,M.T.'W7
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
If You Travel on the Santa P«j
m FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— I 44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building.' Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland 0£5o«— 1118 Broadway. : \'\ .
Sacramento Ofiioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Ofiioe— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
; VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June I.aSMS, trains ■will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed v Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Bta- Sunday er
Dally. Exc'pt'd tons. Exc'pfd Dally.
7:20 aml 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m .Merced 12:50 p m 3:03 pra
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 pra
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m Bk'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 i> m] 7:50 p m Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
I Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving j San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to ' and
from Snelllngs, Coulterville. Yosemite. etc •
also with stage from Hornltos. Marlposa etc •
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera!
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.).-,:
IS9S 6aVe San Franclsco> ' commencing ' M«y •
.Week Days— 9:3o a.- m., 1:45 and 5:13 n ■*.
- m Bunaays-8:00. 8:00. 10:00; 11:30 a. m., I:4s T|*
z:SO p..m. '" ■ • ■' ■ ■ . • '.__
Round t from Mill Valley, U.OFTEN PASSED
AS HIS WIFE
Ernest Jones' Influence
Held Till Death/
STORY TOLD IN A SUIT
ANNA JOHNSON FIGURES IN A
DIVORCE CASE.
Mrs. Gertrude Jones Will Soon Be
Given a Decree, but There
Will Not Be a
Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, June 9.
Ernest N. Jones is hardly likely to
come back to Oakland to clear up many
of the mysteries surrounding his life
during the past four years. Although
the answer to the complaint of Attorney
Francour was withdrawn yesterday, It
has not assisted in any way to prevent
the facts of this romantic tragedy from
being made public. On March 23 last Mrs.
Gertrude Jones filed her complaint for
divorce and the chief allegation consisted
of the fact that her husband had been
keeping a separate establishment in San
Francisco and other places and passing
off the girl Anna Johnson, since mur
dered, as hie wife.
Much surprise was shown during the
trial of the case that Hulda Johnson, the
sister of the murdered girl, Bhould show
bo much affection for Jack Howard, who
was on trial for being concerned in
Anna's death. Still more surprise was
shown when Hulda and Howard were
married, and it is still more surprising
that they kept their secret of the real
Identity of the girl's betrayer for a whole
year.
Investigations made into the career of
Ernest Jones show that at various times
and In various places he and the young
girl now dead figured as husband and
wife, or as relatives. He was frequently
asked how he dare run the risk of call-
Ing Anna Johnson his wife when she was
in appearance a mere school girl, about
15 years of age. Yet under different
names they have registered at the Grand
Hotel in San Francisco and at the Vic
toria in Oakland as man and wife.
Nor was Anna Johnson the only girl
with whom Jones was friendly while try
ing to persuade his wife that he was still
faithful to her. He corresponded with
marriage bureaus, and reports show that
after Anna's death he had an acquaint
ance with a young lady from Southern
California, who answered one of his let-
ters.
About a year ago a young lady who
was the bosom friend of the Johnson
girls told to The Call the story of Anna's
secret and as much of it as could be sub
stantiated was published at that time,
but it was reserved for Jones' wife to
completely reveal in her complaint for
divorce and in her answer to Francour'a
complaint the dual nature of her hus
band.
When the story was published Jones
was so overcome with fear that the "Er
nest" of the dying girl would be revealed
that he called a consultation of his at
torneys and said he was willing to pay
a good price to secure the silence a>i the
newspapers. He was advised that it
•would be better to try no such thing, as
such an offer on their part would un
doubtedly lead to an exposure of every
thing that he wished to keep secret. Yet
Mrs. Jones declares in her statement filed
and withdrawn yesterday that her hus
band told her he needed her money to
suppress blackmailers and purchase si
lence. On this showing Mrs. Jones ob
tained some money from her wealthy
relatives in San Francisco, which Jones
used to suppress facts in the possession
of the Johnson family and a girl named
Nerny. Miss Nerny would have been one
of the leading witnesses for the prosecu
tion had her story been told, but Jones
• ucceeded in Inducing her to leave Oak
land until the trial was over.
It is now stated that Jones exercised a
etrong influence over the young girl with
whom he consorted. Before she was taken
to the house where the operation was
performed which resulted in her death,
Jones exacted from her a solemn promise
that she would never mention his name.
Even on her death bed she would never
repeat more than the word Ernest, and so
loyal was she to Jones that she made a
dying statement charging Jack Howard
and Dr. Sharp with being responsible for
her death. Hulda Johnson, now Mrs.
Howard, said yesterday that she knew at
the time of her sisters death who was
responsible for it. At that time Howard
had lost his position because of the scan
dal, and he and nis wife were induced
for a money consideration not to make
public the facts.
Not long after the trial Hulda John-
Bon went to Stockton and was there mar
ried to Jack Howard. Some months later
they came to Oakland to reside, and Hul
da professed to be converted at a reli
gious meeting and gave her auditors to
understand that there was a heavy secret
on her mind. She has not revealed what
It was until now. She and her husband
have been living a very quiet life in this
city, but Howard, although a hard
working, respectable man, has been un
able to procure much work, and this is
advanced as the excuse for taking money
for continued silence.
About two months ago Jonea left his
haunts around the bay and has not been
seen since. The records show that his
wife's divorce suit went by default, but
was later reopened by stipulation and
submitted on depositions. No decree has
yet been granted.
major Mclaughlin arrives.
Two Months in Washington and the
Business He Transacted.
Major Frank McLaughlln arrived last
night from Washington, where he has
been for the last two months. The major
says that he has worked incessantly
while in the East and has accomplished
eeveral very important matters. On his
arrival 4fi Washington he found the au
thorities averse to even thinking of al
lowing the San Franr.'sco Postoffice to
be built of marble. "Granite" was their
cry afid nothing else. But before leav
ing for this city he was assured that a
call for alternative bids, either of marble
or granite, would be allowed by the Gov
ernment.
The major also says that there is a
strong national sentiment throughout the
East in favor of holding the Philippines.
There is hardly a person in Washington,
political or otherwise, who Is not desirous
of forming a provincial government out
of the Philippines under the flag of the
United States. The feeling of the people
in support of "the Presiuent, he says, is
growing day by day.
The Soldier Novelist Here.
Brigadier General Charles King, soldier
and novelist, arrived last night from Mil
waukee, after a very fatiguing Journey of
four days. General King received his ap
pointment for the volunteer service from
President McKlnley and is assigned to
duty under Major General Merritt. He
graduated from West Point in 1866 and
has been in the regular army from that
time until his late appointment. In all
General King has written thirty novels,
some of the most famous of which are
"Between the Lines," "The General's
Double," which was written last Novem
ber, and the "Colonel's Daughter," which
is, perhaps, the most popular of all his
stories.
Lutherans Successfully Entertain.
The entertainment given under the aus
pice* of the members of the St. Mathieu
Lutheran Church last Wednesday even-
Ing at Foresters' Hall was both enjoy
able and successful. Many good num
bers appeared on the programme and
were greeted with general enthusiasm by
a large and appreciative audience. The
feature of the entire entertainment, how
ever, was the patriotic songs rendered
by the Golden Gate quartet, the members
of which are all well-recognixed singers
of ability.
PREVENTING
ANNEXATION
Reed Has Allies in His
Campaign.
ALL DEMOCRATS COOPERATt
DELAY IS THE GAME SO ±AR
SUCCESSFULLY PLAYED.
Some Senators Strongly Urge the
President to Sent a Message
Asking the Adoption of the
Hawaiian Resolution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Speaker Heed has some valuable al
lies in his campaign to defeat the Ha
waiian annexation resolution by delay.
Representative Bailey and almost the
entire Democratic membership of the
House are co-operating with the Re
publican Speaker.
The principle on which the Demo
crats are working is that every day
that consideration can be delayed in
the House makes it probable that Con
gress will adjourn before the Senate
takes final action.
The more earnest advocates of action
in the House were anxious to obtain
action to-day that would result in the
Hawaiian resolution being made the
unfinished business and thus get the
right of way.
The bill to enable soldiers to vote for
representatives in Congress was pend
ing before the House and Bailey em
barked on a filibuster which he kept up
until 5 o'clock, when Dingley brought
forward the conference report on the
war revenue bill. He was thus able to
prevent anything being done for Ha
waii to-day.
President McKinley has not yet defin
itely determined to send a special mes
sage to Congress urging the adoption
of the annexation resolution. Whether
he will do so or not will depend on the
course of events in Congress the next
few days. He has the matter under
consideration, and some Senators who
have talked with him have strongly
urged him to send in a message. They
fe«l confident that if he will take this
action the passage of the resolution
will be greatly expedited.
STRAIGHT-OUT
POPULIST TALK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOB ANGELES, June 9.— W. C. Bow
man, one of the foremost Populists in
the State and in 1894 a candidate for
Congress, has created a sensation by
taking a pronounced stand against fu
sion. Until to-day he has strongly ad
vocated It, but to-night he made the
following declaration over his own sig
nature:
"If this fusion scheme Is at the bot
tom of a device for the distribution of
patronage and division of spoils, no
honest Populist can touch it. If our
country is to be rescued from the po
litical corruption and spoliation it has
wrought, it must be done by patriots,
not by political jobbers and place
hunters, even though they may call
themselves Populists.
"In short, after surveying the whole
ground, my voice is for fusion on one
condition only— fusing parties as a unit
on an Identical platform and under one
name. In my opinion fusion on any
other plan is di3honest and unclean.
Fusion on conflicting platforms is dirt.
Fusion on a Bingle platform with a plu
rality of parties is absurd. All true
Populists, in the very nature of the
case, will favor this plan of fusion.
"Silver Republicans have already fur
nished sufficient evidence of their will
ingness to do whatever is generous and
reasonable. If the Democrats object,
it will be for one of two reasons—pos
sibly both. Either their conversion to
reform is a sham, or else they will
place pride and prejudice of party name
and prestige above the great principles
Involved. Their own course must de
termine this whole question."
In other words,« Bowman opposes fu
sion unless the Democratic party gives
up its name and entirely loses its iden
tity.
JAPAN AND
THE TEA TAX
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs Houße,
Washington, June 9.
W. D. Stevens, counsel for the Japan
ese legation In Washington, said to
The Call correspondent to-night:
"Japan has not filed a 'protest'
against the war tax on tea. We prefer
to call It a 'memorandum.' In addition
to the statement which we filed with
the conference committee yesterday the
Minister thlß morning filed with the
Secretary of State a similar memoran
dum showing that the tax of 10 per
cent will fall most heavily upon Japan,
while it will not swell the revenues of
the United States to any considerable
extent for the reason that a email
quantity of tea will be imported. There
is a very considerable quantity on hand
in this country now, especially in Chi
cago and Philadelphia. It Is asserted
by the Japanese Minister that the pro
posed tax will work a hardship on the
poorer classes, as the bulk of the Japan
tea trade applies to the cheaper grades.
"In view of these facts the question
naturally arises: Is it Judicious to en
danger by legislation, which Is even
colorably hostile, this growing com
merce in a quarter of the world where
so much Is hoped for American,com
merce? Can the United States gain
anything by alienating a country which
is rapidly becoming one of her best
customers, for the sake of. a compara
tively Insignificant increase in her pub
lic revenues? The proposed duty may
not be aimed at Japanese commerce,
but the effect will be the same as if it
had been. Commerce does not travel
upon sentimental lines, but if Japan Is
deprived of a market for her teas in the
United States she must look elsewhere,
and it must follow that her imports
from the United States will decrease."
Alice Bix
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JC^E 10, 1898.
WEEDING AT
MENLO PARK
Miss Emilie Doyle and
Francis Pope United.
CHURCH A CONSERVATORY
FLOWERS, PALMS AND FERNS
EVERYWHERE.
Archbishop Riordan Performs the
Ceremony, After Which aix
Elegant Breakfast
Is Served.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MENLO PARK, June 9.— For many
weeks society circles of this place have j
been all agog over the nuptials of Miss
Emilie Doyle and Francis Pope, which
were solemnized here in the Catholic
church this morning. The little church
was transformed into a veritable con
servatory of foliage and Dloom, and
truly might it be said that never was
love accorded a more royal welcome
than on this occasion. The altar was
decorated with choice flowers of a yel
low and white color, while inside the
chancel rail were rare potted plants,
palms and dainty ferns. A nuptial
mass was celebrated by Archbishop
Riordan, assisted by Fathers O'Riordan
and Wakeham.
At the conclusion of the mass Miss
Hilda Andenson played a wedding
march and the bride and groom ap
peared at the altar and were made hus
band and wife, Archbishop Riordan
performing the ceremony.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Marie Doyle. Barthley Oliver was
best man. The bride was exquisitely
robed in a neat-fitting dress of white
silk, with white chiffon trimming. A
bunch of natural orange blossoms was
worn. The bridesmaid's dress was of
blue silk, with bouffant pink satin
sleeves.
Friends and relatives representing
the elite of Menlo Park attended the
ceremony. The bride is the youngest
daughter of John T. Doyle, the well
known capitalist and lawyer. Mr. Pope'
is a rising young lawyer of San Fran
cisco and one of the attorneys for the
Hibernia Bank.
After the wedding an elegant break
fast was served.
TRIUMPH OF
JOURNALISM
(special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent says: Ad
miral Cervera's cablegram to the Her
ald, printed yesterday, saying that
Naval Constructor Hobson and the
men who were taken prisoners with
him had been turned over to Lieuten
ant General Linares, were being treat
ed as Spanish officers of same rank and
were well, was read with much inter
est by officials of the navy and
all friends of Constructor Hobson and
his brave men. The Herald was much
commended for its enterprise in get
ting this dispatch, in the face of all the
difficulties in the way of communicat
ing with the Spanish Admiral at this
time, and Admiral Cervera was praised
for his courtesy in allowing friends of
the prisoners to know that they were
being well cared for and were all well.
Acting Secretary Allen highly praised
the Herald and expressed great satis
faction at having such trustworthy
news from Constructor Hobson and his
men. He said he could but wonderhow
the Herald had been able to get into
communication with the Spanish Ad
miral and obtain a cablegram from
him.
Among the members of both houses
of Congress the Herald dispatch was
read with interest. Representative
Pearson of North Carolina, who Is an
uncle of Naval Constructor Hobson,
was particularly delighted to learn
that his nephew and the latter's men
were well. He said he had feared they
might be in danger of illness as a re
sult of their imprisonment.
SEES THE MONTEREY IN
TOW OF THE BRUTUS
Report of Captain Debney of the
Steamer Pomona Causes Some
Speculation.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 9.
Captain Debney of the steamer Po
mona reports sighting this afternoon
the Monterey in tow of the Brutus
about fifteen miles off Gavlota, forty
miles west of here, headed, apparent
ly, for the passage between Santa Cruz
and Santa Rosa Islands and thence out
to sea. The object in the Monterey
getting so far off her course Is not
known, unless she was compelled to
seek the quiet waters of the channel for
repairs.
GENERAL GREELY'S
SWEEPING ORDER
Cable Companies Forbidden to Send
News of Movements of Our
Ships and Troops.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— General
Greely, chief signal officer, Issued to
night a general order to the cable com
panies that hereafter no news concern-
ing the movements of American vessels
or of American troops would be per
mitted to be sent to foreign countries.
The order covers both press cablegrams
and private messages. The order ap
plies to all movements of vessels and
troops, whether the subject matter of
the dispatch offered has been published
in this country or not.
Sing and Dance for Charity.
The young ladles of the Mission Dolores
Church, In order to raise funds to estab
lish a table In the coming fain to be held
next September In aid of the church,
gave a minstrel show at Union Square
Hall Wednesday evening, which proved
both a financial and artistic success. The
little hall was crowded with a large and
appreciative audience, which manifested
its enthusiasm in repeated encores at the
successful attempt of the young ladies as
burnt cork performers. Those who par
ticipated in the entertainment were as
follows: Interlocutor, Miss May Nolan;
bones— Miss Queenie Montgomery, Miss
Nell Wilson, Miss Florence Nolan and
Miss Verda Wilson; chorus— Miss May
Mulcare, Miss Sadie Ross, Miss Maude
Shortall, Mias May Lynch, Miss ijouise
Keegan, Miss Kittle Holland, Miss Annie
O'Brien, Miss Kittle Kennedy, Miss Josle
Mulcare, Miss Alice Gorman, Miss A.
Shortall, Miss Helena Nolan and Miss
Gertrude McDermfctt
GATHERING
OF CRACK
TROTTERS
Speedy Animals Will
Meet.
AN INTERESTING PROGRAMME
INNOVATIONS INTRODUCED TO
INTEREST HORSEMEN.
Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association Make Exten
sive Preparations fop
the Races.
Judging by the large number of en
tries already received the harness race |
meet which is to be held on the Cali
fornia Jockey Club's track at Oakland, '
commencing on the 25th inst., under the
auspices of the Pacific Coast Trotting f
Horse Breeders' Association, will prove i
the most important meet of its kind held
on this coast in many years.
Innovations have been introduced, such j
as one mile tkishes and best two out of i
three heats, instead of three out of five !
under the old system, thus doing away I
with tedious waits and uninteresting |
races. Fifty cents will be charged for
admission and the management is do
ing everything that will insure patrons
all the comforts of a first-class meet.
Following is a list of the entries:
Three-year-oUls (.8:00 class), trotting, dash,
one mile. pur»e $200 — J. Murray M'jorhead,
names eh. f Maud Murray, by Hambletonian |
Wilkes; P. J. Williams, eh. c. California, by j
Silver Bow; A. G. Gurnett, g. g. Who Is It, by
Nutwood \V!lki»s; John Moorhead. bl. m. Sibyl i
S., by Hambletiinian Wiikea; C. L. Grifffith. j
eh. f. Bertina. by Directum; W. G. Durfee, b. |
m. Mamie RUey, by McKinney.
3:00 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— C. K. larks names b. m. Lottie, by Cv- I
pld; D. E. Knight, b. m. Silver Queen, by !
Silver King; M. Crow, b. s. Aggregate, by
Azmoor; E. Stewart, b. g. Admiral Dewey;
J. M. Nelson, b. m. Sub?lle, by gable Wilkes; ;
John Curley, br- g. Prince C, by St. Nicholas; i
James Sutherland, eh. g. Favor, by Daley; I
Vendome Stock Fnrm, bl. g. Dr. Frasse, by Iran ■
Alto; James Thompson, b. s. Dexter D., by .
Dexter Pnnet-; Ri.se Dale Farm. b. m. Bertha
R by Daly; J. 1- Smith, b. g. Joe Selby, by
Don L. ; C. L. Griffith, bl. g. Rect, by Direct; i
W. L. Speer, b. in. Mabel McKinney, by Me- i
Kinney; C. A. Winship, b. g. Ed Winship, by |
Raymon.
2:20 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse ;
$200 — D. E. Knight nameß b. tn. Cora S., by ,
Alex Button; E. Stewart, eh. g. Butcher Boy,
by Secretary; E. Stewart, b. g. Dandy Pat;
E. Schmidt, bl. g. Fitz Aymun. by Waldstein;
A. B. Aitken. br m. Bess H., by May Boy;
A. H. Cohen, b. tn. Much Better, by Chaa. Der- ;
by; Walnut Grove Stock Farm, b.m. Majella, by i
Nushagak; Mrs. E. W. Callendine, eh. h. Dia- ;
wood, by Diable; George Gray. b. s. Wm. Har- ;
old, by Sidney; Walter Masten, eh. s. Dictatus, |
by Red Wilkes; O.E. Shaw, b. g. Frank Mur- :
I'hy, by Bruwn Jug; S. N. Hoy, b. s. Monroe
S., by Monroe Chief.
2:13 class, trutting, dash, one mile, purse
$200 — James Sullivan names bl. in. Mamie Grif- !
ftn, by Black Bird; P. J. Williams, eh. s.
Monterey, by Sidney; Vendome Stock Farm, s.s.
Thompson, by Boodle; C. E. Clark, br. g. Tog- ;
gles, by Strathway; Richard Abies, bl. m. Ga- ;
Tette, by Jud Wilkes; J. B. Iverson. br. g.
Prince Gift, by G<xnl Gift; F. A. Ottner, eh. -h. |
Jack W., by Waldatein.
2:40 class, pacing, heats, 2 in 3, puise $300 —
James Sullivan names b. g. Capt. Hackett, by
iiteinway. LUw. A. Falvey, br. g. Resort, by !
Hawthorne; J. M. Nelson, b. s. I Direct, by
Direct: George Johns, b. g. Patsy D., by Al- j
mont Patchen; J. O'Kane, eh. g. Peanuts, by i
Sidney; A. H. Cohen, bl. g. Blackstone. by
Steinway: E. C. Gabriel, b. h. Mark H., by !
Hismarck; James Thompson, b. m. Primrose, J
by Falrose; C. C. Crippin, t>. g. Roderick, by
Gen. Benton; J. B. Iverson, eh. f. Dictatress.
by Dlctatua; George E. Shaw, bl. m. Lindo,
by Strathway; Alex Connkk, b. g. Alsandy, by !
Wayland W.; W. S. Maben. Rex Alton, by !
Alto Rex.
2:30 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $200 —
James Sullivan names b. g. Captain Hackett, ;
by Steinway; Edward A. Falvey, br. g. Resort, '
by Hawthorne; J. M. Nelson, b. s. I Direct, by j
Direct; George Johns, b. g. Patsy D, by Al- j
mont Patchen; J. O'Kane, eh. g. Peanuts, by i
Sidney; A. H. Cohen, bl. g. Blackstone, by i
Steinway; E. C. Gabriel, b. h. Mark H. by
Bismarck; George Gray, b. s. William Harold,
by Sidney; James Thompson, b. m. Primrose, '
by Falrose; Thomas Smith, eh. s. Gaff Topsail,
by Diable; J. B. Iverson, eh. f. Dictatress, by j
Dlctatu^; W. G. Durfee. b. m. Lady Margaret,
by Star Sultan; W. S. Maben, Polo, by Nut- !
ford.
2:17 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse $200 ■
—James Sullivan names b. s. Our Jack, by
Steinway; Henry Schlosser, b. h. Clay S, by j
Grover Clay; Charles A. Hug, b. g. Mojave, by :
Dexter Prince; P. J. Williams, b. m. Silver i
Ring, by Silver Bow; Vendome Stock Farm, ,
b. b. Iran Alto, by Palo Alto; Thomas Smith, j
b. s. George Washington, by Mambrino Chief ;
Jr.: C. C. Crippin, bl. ■m. Leonel, by Leo i
Wilkes; J. B. Iverson, br. g. Prince Gift, by j
Good Gift; George E. Shaw. bl. m. May B, by
Altoona; H. C. Barton, bl. g. Cameo L, by
Brigadier.
2:19 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $200—
D. E. Knight names b. m. Cora S, by Alex. I
Button; E. Stewart, eh. g. Butcher Boy, by !
Secretary; E. Schmidt, bl. g. Fltz-Aymon, by i
Waldstein; A. B. Aitken, br. m. Bess H, by j
May Boy; A. H. Cohen, b. m. Much Better, by I
Charles Derby; Mrs. E. W. Callendlne. eh. h. J
Dlawood, b- Diable; George Gray, b. s. Will
lam Harold, by Sidney; Walter Masten, eh. s.
Dictatus, by Red Wilkes; George E. Shaw, b.
g. Frank Murphy, by Brown Jug; S. H. Hoy,
b. s. Monroe S, by Monroe Chief; W. S. Maben.
William Baker.
2:12 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $200—
James Sullivan names b. g. Fitz Lee, by Arthur
Wilkes; J. M. Nelson, b. s. HI Jo del Diable,
by Diable; W. B. Warner, b. g. F. W., by
Doreey Nephew: James Thompson, b. g. Little
Thorn, by Hawthorne; P. L. Nash. b. s. Colonel
Benton, by Brown Jug; John Baker, b. h. Ket
chum, by Gosslper; E. Stewart, br. g. Plunkett,
by Strathearn.
2:40 class, trotting, heats, two In three, purse
$300— C. E. Parks names h. m. Lottie, by Cupid;
M. Crow, b. s. Aggregate, by Azmoor: E. Stew
art, s. g. Admiral Dewey; J. M. Nelson, br. m.
Sabelle, by Sable Wilkes; P. H. v_uinn, s. h.
Brice McNeil, by Dudley; John Curley, br. g.
Prince C, by St. Nicholas; James Sutherland,
eh. g. Favor, by Daly; C. E. Clark, b. m.
Listerlne, by Athadon: .Tnmes Thompson, b. s.
Dexter D, by Dexter Prince; J. L. Smith, b. g.
Joe Selby, by Don L: John Moorhead, bl. m. i
Sibyl S, by Hambletonian Wilkes-, Charles L.
Griffith, bl. g. Reot, hy Direct: W. G. Durfee,
b. m. Mamie Rlley, by McKinney; Alex. Con
nlck. bl. m. Pearl K. by Wayland W; C. A.
Winship, b. g. Ed. Winshlp. by Raymon.
2:22 class, trotting, dash, 1 mile, purse $200—
James O'Kane names b. m. Carrie C, by Star
boul; E. V. Jacobs, b. s. Dr. J, by Alex But
ton; D. E. Knight, b. g. Daymont, by Lyn
mont; A. G. Gurnett, eh. s. Melvar, by Ford-
Btan; John Curley. b. m. Little Miss, by Sld
more; E. Topham, b. g. Ned Thorne, by Billy
Thornriill; Rosedale farm. b. m. Diana, by
Daly; H. C. Burton, bl. g. Cameo L, by Briga
dier; E. P. Heald, b.s. Pilot Prince, by Dexter
Prince.
2-26 class, pacing, dash, 1 mile, purse $200—
Edw. A. Falvey names b. g. Resort, by
Hawthorne; E. Stewart, b. g. Dandy Pat; J.
O'Kane, eh. g- Peanuts, by Sidney; A. H.
Cohen, bl. g. Blackstone, by Steinway; Wal
nut Grove stock farm, b. m. Majella, by Nus
hagak; E. C. Gabriel, b. h. Mark H. by Bis
marck; George Gray, b. s. William Harold, by
Sidney; James Thompson, b. m. Primrose, by
Falrose; C. C. Crippin. b. g. Roderick, by Gen
eral Benton Jr.; J. P. Iverson, eh. f. Dictat
ress, by Dictatus; W. S. Maben, Rex Alto, by
Alto Rex.
227 class, trotting, dash, 1 mile, purse $200—
James Sullivan names bl. m. Maud P, by
Idaho Patchen; J. Murray Moorhead, s. m.
Anna Belle, by Dawn; F. J. Vetter, b. m. Lou,
by Ira; C. A. Owen. b. m. Nellie Bly, by Star
boul: Charles L. Griffith, b. g. Jib Albert, by
Albert W; George E. Shaw. b. m. -vVMnnella,
by Altago; Dr. William L. Spoor, b. m. Mabel
McKinney, by McKinney; E. P. Heald, eh. g.
Pilot McClellan, by Pilot Prince.
2-30 class, trotting, dash', 1 mile, purse $200—
D. E. Knight names b. m. Silver Queen, by
Silver King; J. M. Nelson, br. m. Sabelle, by
Sable Wllkes; P. J. Quinn, br. h. Forest W.
by Wayland w; John Curley. br. g. Prince C.
by St. Nicholas; Walnut Grove stock farm,
bl. m. Sable Frances, by Sable Wllkes; James
Thompson, b. s. Dexter D, by Dexter Prince;
Rosedale stock farm, b. m. Bertha R, by Daly:
C. A. Winship. b. g. Ed Wlnshlp, by Raymon.
2-14 class, pacing, flash, 1 mile, purse $200—
James Sullivan names b. g. Fitz Lee, by Ar
thur Wllkes; E. Stewart, br. g. Plunkett. by
Strathern; Mrs. E. W. CalUdlne. eh. h.
Diawood, by Diable; James Thompson, b. g.
Little Thome, by Hawthorne: B. L. Naah, b
s. Colonel Benton, by Brown Jug; John Baker,
b. h. Ketchum, by Gosulper.
Free-for-all, trotting, dash, Jl mile, purse 1200
—George T. Beckers names br. s. Bombrorby
McKinney: P J. Williams, eh. s. Monterey, by
Sidney; Vendome Stock Farm, bl. m. Ethel
Downs, by Boodle: C. E. Clark, br. g. Toggles
by Stmthway; Richard Abies, bl. m. Galette,
by Jud Wilkes; Charles L. Griffith, b. g. Azote,
by W T hlps; C. A. Winship, eh. g. Aster, by
Dexter Prince.
2:19 class, trotting, heats. 2 in 3. purse $300—
Charles A. Hug names b. g. Mojave. by Dex
tiu- Prince: D. E. Knlsht, to. s. L'aymoat, by
Lynmont; F. Hehn, bl. g. Addison. by James
Madison; P. J. Williams, b. m. Silver King, by
Silver Bow; Vendome Stock Farm. b. s. Iran
Alto, by Palo Alto; George E. Shaw, s. g.
Uncle Johnny, by Benton Boy; H. C. Barton,
bl. g. Cameo L, by Brigadier; E. B. Heald. bl.
m. Myrtle Thome, by Grand issimo.
2:25 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— D. E. Knight names s. g. Lynall, by
Lynmont; J. Murray Moorhead, s. m. Anna
Belle, by Dawn; F. J. Vettor. b. m. Lou. by
Ira; I. H. Quinn, B. h. Brlce McNeil, by Dud
ley; John Curley. b. m. Little Miss, by Sid
more; Walnut Grove Stock Farm, b. m. Lottie,
by San Diego; J. Sutherland, eh. g. Favor, by
Daly; Vendome Stock Farm. bl. g. Dr. Frasee,
by Iran Alto; E. Topham. b. g. Ned Thome, by
Billy Thornhill; Rose Dale Farm, b. in. Diana,
by Daly; Charles L. Griffith, bl. g. Beet, hy
Direct; William L. Spoor, b. m. Mabel Mc-
Kinney, by HcKinr.ey; W. G. Durfee, b. m.
Mamie RUey, by McKinney.
2:15 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
J2fni — James Sullivan names b. s. Our Jack, by
Bteluway; P. H. Quinn, eh. h. Eureka, by
Ira; Vendome Stock Farm, b. s. Thompson. by-
Boodle; Thomas Smith, b. a. George Washing
ton, by Mamb. Chief Jr.; J. B. Iverson. br. g.
Prince Gift, by Good Gift.
2:30 class, pacing, heats two in three, purse
$200— James Sullivan names b. g. Captain
Hackett, by Steinway; Edward A. Falvey, br.
g. Resort, by Hawthorne; J. M. Nelson, b. s.
I Direct, by Direct; George Johns, b. g. Patsy
D, by Almont Patchen; J. O'Kane eh. g. Pea
nuts, by Sidney; A. H. Cohen, bl. g. Black
stone, by Steinway; C. A. Owen, b. g. Harry
Ramon, by Ramon; E. C. Gabriel, b. h. Mark
H. by Bismarck; George Gray. b. s. Wm. Har
old, by Sidney; James Thompson, b. m. Prim
rose, by Falrose; Thomas Smith, eh. 8. Gaff
Topsail, by Diablo; C. C. Crippin, b. g. Rod
erick, by General Benton; J. B. Iverson, eh. f.
Dictatress, by Dicta'tus; George E. Shaw, bl.
m. Lindo, by Strathway; W. S. Maben, Rex
Alto, by Alto Rex.
2:16 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $200-
C. Newman names br. m. Bessie Rankin, by
Altamont; P. H. Quinn, b. s. Arthur W, by
Wa>!and W; 3!rs. K. W. Callendlne, eh. h. Dla
wood, by Diable; C Whltehead. b. s. Delphi,
by Director; S. H. Hoy, b. s. Monroe S. by
Monroe Chief; John Baker, b. m. Beachwood.
by Silkwood.
2:11 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— James Sullivan names bl. m. Mamie Gril
fln, by Black Bird; George F. iiei-kers. br. s.
Bombro, by McKinney; P. J. Williams, eh. s.
Monterey, by Sidney; C. E. Clark, br. g. Tog
gles, hy Strathway; R. Abies, bl. m. Galette,
by Jua Wilken; p. A. Winship, eh. g. Aster,
by Dexter l'rlnce; F. H. Ottiuer, eh. h. Jack
W. by Waldstein.
2:20 class, trotting, heats, two In three, purse
$3UO — James O'Kane names b. m. Carrie C, by
Starboul; E. V. Jncobs, b. h. Dr. J, by Alex
Button; D. E. Knight, b. g. Daymont, by Lyn
mont; P. J. Williams, b. m. Silver Ring, by
Silver Bow; Vendome Stock Farm, b. s. Iran
Alto, by Palo Alto; George E. Shaw, bl. m.
May B, by Altoona; H. C. Barton, b. g. Cameo
L, by Brigadier; E. Stewart, br. h. Bishop
Hero, hy Bishop.
2:30 class, pacing, mile dash, puree $200—
James Sullivan names b. g. Captain Hackett,
by Steinway; E. A. Falvey. br. g. Report, by
Hawthcrne; J. M. Nelson, b. s. I Direct, by
Direct; George Johns, b. g. Patsy D, by Al
mont Patchen; J. O'Kane, eh. g. Peanuts, by
Sidney; A. H. Cohen, bl. g. Blackstone, by
Steinwoy; C. A. Owen. b. g. Harry Ramon,
by Ramon: E. C. Gabriel,' b. h. Mark H, by
Bismarck; George Gray, b. s. William Harold,
by Siiney; James Thompson, b. m. Primrose,
by Falrose; Thomas Smith, eh. s. Gaff Topsail,
by Diablo; C. C. Crippin, b. g. Roderick, by
General Benton; J. B. Iverson, eh. f. Dicta
tress, by Dictatus; W. S. Maben, Polo, by
Nutford.
2:11 class, trotting, mile dash, purse $200—
P. J. Wiliams names eh. s. Monterey, by Sid
ney; P. H. Quinn, eh. h. Eureka, by Ira; Ven
dome Stock Farm. s. s. Thompson, by Boodle;
J. B. Iverson, br. g. Prince Gift, by Good
Gift; W. G. Durfee. b. s. Osito. by McKinney.
Free-for-all, trotting, mile dash, purse $200—
O'.irge F. Beckers names br. p. Zomhro, by
McKinney; Vendome Stock Farm, bl. m. Ethel
Downs, by Boodle; C. E. Clark, br. g. Tog
gles, by Strathway; Charles L. Griffith, b. g.
Azote, by Whips; C. A. Winship, eh. g. Aster,
by Dexter Prince.
2:13 class, pacing, mile dash, purse $200—
James Sullivan names b. g. Fitz Lee, by Ar
thur Wilkes: E. Stewart, br. g. Plunkett, by
Strathearn; W. B. Warner, b. g. F W, by
Dorsey's Nephew; James Thompson, b. g. Lit
tle Thome, by Hawthorne; P. L. Nash, b. s.
Colonel Benton, by Brown Jug; John Baker,
b. h. Ketchum. by Gosslper.
2:24 class, trotting, four heats, purse $300 —
D. E. Knight names p. g. Lynall, by Lynmont;
J. Murray Moorhead, s. m. Anna Belle, by
Dawn; F. J. Vetter, b. m. Lou, by Ira; P. H^
Quinn, s. h. Brice McNelll, by Dudley; John
rurley. b. m. Little Miss, by Sldmore; E. Top
ham, b. g. Ned Thome, by Billy Thornhill ;
Charles L. Griffith, bl. g. Rect. by Direct; H.
C. Barton, b. g. Cameo L, by Brigadier.
Green class, trotters (without records), dash
one mile, purse $200— C. E. Parks names b. m.
Lottie, by Cupid; D. E. Knight, b. m. Silver
Queen, by B!lver King; E. Stewart, s. g. Ad
miral Dewey; Walnut Grove Stock Farm, bl.m.
Sable Francis, by Sable Wilkes: James Suther
land, eh. g. Favor, by Daly; James Thompson,
b. s. Dexter D., by Dexter Prince: Rose Dale
Farm. b. m. Bertha R., by Daly; J. L. Smith,
b. g. Joe Selby, by Don L. ; Charles L. Griffith,
b. g. Jib Albert, by Albert W. ; Wm. L. Spoor,
b. m. Mabel McKinney. by McKinney: W. G.
Durfee. b. m. Mamlo RUey, by McKinney: C.
A. Winship. b. g. Ed Wlnshlp. by Raymon:
J. M. Nelson, br. m. Sabelle, by Sable Wilkes.
2:15 claaa, pacing, dash, one mile, purse
$200— Charles Newman names br. m. Bessie
Rankin, by Altamont: P. H. Quinn, b. b. Ar
thur W. by Wayland W; James Thompson, b
g. Little Thome, by Hawthorne: P. L. Nash
b. 8. Col. Benton, by Brown Jug; John Bakeri
br. m. Beachwood, by Silkwood.
2:16 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200 — James Sillivan names b. s. Our Jack, by
Steinway; Henry Sehlosser, b. h. Clay S," by
Grover Clay: Charles A. Hug, b. g. Mojave, by
Dexter Prince; P. J. Williams, b. m. Silver
Ring, by Silver Bow; P. H. Quinn, eh. h.
Eureka, by Ira; Thomas Smith, b. s. Geo.
Washington by Mamb. Chief Jr.; C. C. Crip
pin, bl. m. Leonel, by Leo Wilkes; J. B. Iver
son, br. g. Prince Gift, by Good Gift; George
E. Shaw, 8. g. Uncle Johnny, by Benton Boy.
Three-year-olds, pacing, heats, 2 in 3, purse
$3f>o— J. M. NeUon names b. s. I Direct, by
Direct; Mrs. E. W. Callendlne, eh. h. Dia'
wood, by Diable; J. B. Iverson. eh. f. Dicta
tress, by Dictatus: Dr. F. W. Knowles. b. g.
Inferno, by Diablo; C. C. Crippin, eh. c. Diag
onal, by Diablo; Alex Connlck, b. g. Alsandv,
by Wayland W.
2:30 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— D. E. Knight names b. m. Silver Queen,
by Silver King: M. Crow, b. s. Aggregate, by
Armopr; P. H. Quinn, br. h. Forest W. by
Wayland W; John Curley, br. g. Prince C, by
St. Nicholas; James Thompson, b. s. Dexter
D, by Dexter Prince; Rose Dale Farm b m
Diana, by Daly; Charles L. Griffith, bl g
Rect, by Direct; Alex Connlck, bl. m. Pearl X,
2:25 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $200—
Edward A. Felvey's br. g. Resort, by Haw
thorne: E. Schmidt's bl. g. Fltz-Aymon, by
Waldstein: George Johns' b. g. Patsy D, by
Almont Patchen; J. O' Kane's eh. g. Peanuts
by Sidney; A. H. Cohen's b. m. Much Better,
by Charles Derby; Walnut Grove Stock Farm's
b.m. Majella, by Nashag&ki Mrs. E. W. Callen
dtne's b.g. Abdlne, by Wllkesdale; E. C. Gabri
el's b. h. Mnrk H, by Bismarck; George Gray's
b. s. William Harold, by Sidney; James
Thompson's b. m. Primrose, by Falrose • C C
Crlppen's eh. h. Royal Sid, by Roy Wilkes; j!
B. Iverson's eh. f. Dictatress, by Dictatus;
George E. Shaw's b. g. Frank Murphy, by
Brown Jug; W. S. Maben's Polo.
2:23 claßs, trotting, dash, one mile, purse $200
— D. E. Knight's b. g. Daymont, by Lynmont-
Walnut Grove Stock Farm's b. m. Lottie, by
San Diego; H. C. Barton's bl. g. Cameo L by
Brigadier; George E. Shaw's b. m. Wlnella,
by Altago: E. P. Heald's b. s. Pilot Prince, by
Dexter Prince.
2:20 class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse tZOO
— D. E. Knight's b. m. Cora S, by Alex But
ton; E. Stewart's eh. g. Butcher Boy, by Sec
retary; A. B. Altken's br. m. Bess H, by May
Boy; A. H. Cohen's b. m. Much Better by
Charles Derby: Mrs. E. W. Callendine's eh
h. Dlawood, by Diable; George Gray's b s
William Harold, by Sidney; Walter Masten's
eh. s. Dictatun, by Red Wilkes; C. C. Crip
pen's b. g. Roderick, by General Benton; S. II
How's b. s. Monroe S, by Monro^ <_.ilef- W
S. Maben's Rex Alto, by Alto Rex.
Three-year-old trotting, heats, 2 In 3 purse
$300— D. E. Knight's b. g. Dos Minutos by
Melvar; J. M. Moorhead's eh. f. Maud Murray
by Hambletonian Wilkes; P. J. Williams' eh'
c. California, by Silver Bow; A. G. Gurnett's
g. g. Who Is It, by Nutwood Wilkes; Ven
dome Stock Farm's bl. g. Dr. Frasse, by Iron
Alto; John Moorhead's bl. m. Sibyl S by
Hambletonian Wilkes: Charles L. Griffith's eh
f. Bertina, by Dlrectum.
2:27 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse $'00
—James Sullivan's bl. m. Maud P, by Idaho
Patchen; J. M. Moorhead's a. m. Anna Belle
by Dawn; F. J. > etter's b. m. Lou, by Ira'
John Curley's br. g. Prince C, by St. Nicholas 1
Rose Dale Farm"» b. m. Diana, by Daly :
George E. Shaw's b. m. Wlnella, by Altago :
W. L. Spoor's b. m. Mabel McKinney, by Mc-
Kinney.
2:40 class, trotting, daah, one mile, purse $200
— D. E. Knight names b. m. Sliver Queen by
Silver King; E. Stewart, s. g. Admiral Dewey
J. M. Nelson, br. m. Sabelle, by Sable Wilkes'
:.V__; L _'_ _ ___"'-- ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
**"St. MicHipripEHii
' vni/n&i nmrn nni&iTC*
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
THE STEAMER
A IXjju AiTlUUlv,
S-A.IT_,I3STC3-
SATURDAY, June 11, Witho u a t .
Fop freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSON=LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents.
TICKET OFFICE: 609 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
.*SBSSSHfe3ST3«H**BPI*SSSJs»:,; -!..-.r"-.j .• ' ■ ' . - - ' ■ ■ ■■'■-■■ * >' ..-■■-- ■:-. -c— — —- «—. 'flw^,^. -^^«'
P. H. Quinn, s. h. Brice McNeil, by Dudley;
Walnut Grove Stock Farm, bl. m. Sable Fran
cis, by Sable Wilkes; James Thompson, b. s.
Dexter D, by Dexter Prince; Rose Dale Farm,
b. m. Bertha R, by Daly; J. L. Smith, b. g.
Joe Selby, by Don L; O. A. Kenyon, br. h. Ed.
Wilkes, by Red Wilkes; C. A. Winship. b. g.
Ed. Winehip, by Haymon.
2:17 pacing, heats, two in three, purse $300—
E. Schmidt names bl. g. Fitz-Aymon, by Wald
stein; A. B. Aitken, br. m. Bess H, by May
Boy; Mrs. E. W. Callendlne, eh. h. Dlawood.
by Diable; George Gray, b. s. William Harold,
by Sidney; John Baker, b. h. Ketchurn, by
Gossiper; W. S. Maben, William Baker.
2:19 trotting, dash, one mile, purse $2G'>— James
O'Kane names b. m. Carrie G. by Starboul;
Charles A. Hug, b. g. Mojave, by Dexter
Prince; D. E. Knight, b. g. Uaymont, by Ly
mont; F. Hahn, bl. g. Addison, by James
Madison; X, G. Gurnett, eh. s. Melvar, by
Fordftan; P. J. Williams, b. m. Silver Ring,
by Silver Bow; R. S. Brown, b. s. Lynwood
Wilkes, by Guy Wilkes; John Curley, b. m.
Little Miss, by Sldmore; Vendome Stock Farm,
b. s. Ivan Alto, by Palo Alto; George E. Shaw,
s. g. Uncle Johnny, by Benton ]*oy; H. C. Bar
ton, bl. h. Cameo L, by Brigadier.
2:25 class, pacing, dash, two miles, purse
?250— E. Stewart names b. g. Dandy Pat; A. H.
Cohen, b. m. Much Better, by Charles Derby;
George Gray, b. s. William Harold, by Sidney;
James Thompson, b. m. Primrose, by Falrotse;
W. S. Maben. Sky Pointer; E. P. Heald, b. g.
Charles David, by Sidney.
2:12 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse $200
—James Sullivan names bl. m. 'Mamie Griffin,
by Black Bird; Vendome Stock Farm, b. s.
Boodle, by Stranger; G. E. Clark, br. g. Tog
gles, by Strathway; Richard Abies, bl. m. Ga
lette, by Jud Wilkes; J. B. Iverson, br. g.
Prince Gift, by Good Gift: C. A. Winship, eh.
g. Aater. by Dexter Prince; F. H. Ottlner, en.
h. Jack W, by Waldstein.
2:30 class, trotting, heats, two in three, purse
$300— M. Crow najnes b. s. Aggregate, by Az
moor; Jnhn Curley. br. g. Prince C, by St.
Nicholas; James Sutherland, eh. g. Favor, by
l>nly; C. E. Clark, b. m. Listerine, by Atha
don; Rose Dale Farm, b. m. Diana, by Daly;
Charles L. Griffith, bl. g. Rect, by Direct;
William L. Spoor, b. m. Mabel McKlnney, by
McKinney; W. S. Purfee, b. m. Mamie Riley,
by McKinney; Alex. Connick, bl. m. Pearl X,
by Wayland W; E. P. Heald, eh. g. Pilot Mc-
Olellan, by Pilot Prince.
Green class, pacers (without records), dash,
one mile, purse $200— R. I. Greeley names bl.
in. Winnie Wilkes, by Roy Wilkes; James Sul
livan, b. g. Captain Hackett. by Steinwfiv;
K. A. Falvey, br. g. Resort, by H.iwthorno;
J. M. Nelson, b. s. I Direct, by Direct! George
Jchnp, b. g. Patsy D. by Almont Patchen;
J. O'Kane. eh. g. Peanuts, by Sidney; A. H.
Cohen, bl. g. Blackston% by Steinway; E. C.
Gabriel, b. h. Mark H. by Bismarck; George
Gray, b. s. Wm. Harold, by Sidney; James
Thompson, b. m. Primrose, by Falrose;
Thomas .Smith, eh. s. Gaff Topsail, by Diablo:
C. C. Crippen, b. g. Roderick, by General B*n
tow; George E. Shaw, bl. m. Undo, by Strath
way.
2:22 class, trotting, dash, two miles, purse
$250— James O'Kane names I), m. Carrie C, by
Ptarboul; E. V. Jacobs, b. h. Dr. J, by Alex
Button; C. A. Owen, b. m. Nellie Bly, by Star
hnul; E. Topham. b. g. Ned Thome, by Billy
Thornhill: E. P. Heald. b. s. Pilot Prince, by
Dexter Prince.
2:.l class, pacing, dash, one mile, purse $2C' —
James ouliivan names b. g. Fltz Lee, by Ar
thur Wilkes; E. Stewart, br. g. Plunkett, by
Strathearn; P. H. Qulnn. b. 8. Arthur W by
Wayland W; James Thompson, b. g. Little
Thorn, by Hawthorne; P. L. Nash, b. s. Col.
Benton, by Brown Jug.
Free-for-al! trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— George T. Beckners names br. s. Zombro,
by McKinney; P. J. Wiiliams, eh. s. Monter?y,
by Sidney; Vendome Stock Farm, bl. m. Ethel
Downs, by Boodle; C. E. Clark, br. g. Tog
gles, by Strathway; Charles L. Griffith, b. g.
Azot, by Whips: C. A. Winship, eh. g. Aster,
by Dexter Prince.
2:18 class, pacing, heats, 2 In 3, purse $300—
D.E. Knight names b. m. C-ra S, by Alex But
ton; E. Stewart, eh. g. Butcher Boy, by Sec
retary; E. Schmidt, bl. g. Fitz-Aymon, by
Walristein; A. B. Aitken, br. m. Bess H. by
May Boy; A. H. Cohen, b. m. Much Better, by
Charles Derby; Mrs. E. W. Callendlne, eh. h.
Diawood, by Diable; George Gray. b. s. Wm.
Harold, by Sidney; Walter Masten. eh. s. Dic
tatus, by Red Wilkes; J. B. Iverson. eh. f. Dic
tatress. by Dictatus: S. H. Hoy, b. s. Monroe
S, by Monroe Chief; John Baker, br. m. Beach
wood, by Sllkwood; W. S. Mafben. William
Baker.
NEW EASTBOUND
FREIGHT RATES
GENERAL ADVANCES FOR ALL
COMMODITIES.
The Work of Adjusting Tariff
Rates Has Been Finally
Completed.
The advance sheets of the eastbound
tariff rates determined by the Transcon
tinental Freight Association were re
ceived here yesterday afternoon. They
show advances on the old figures in very
nearly every commodity. Where the ter
ritory is not stated "blanket" rates ap
ply; that is, shipments to Missouri River
points, Mississippi points, Chicago, New
York and all similar points.
The rates for commodities are as fol
lows:
Hand and force pumps, less than carloads,
»1 50.
Bicarbonate soda, less- than carlods, $1 35; car
loads, $1.
Tacks In boxes, kegs and barrels, less than
carloads. %l 50.
Condensed milk to Missouri River and com
mon points, less than carloads, $1 50; carloads,
85 cents; to Mississippi River, Chicago and
common points, lass than carloads, $1 50; car
loads, 90 cents.
Lemon and orange Juice in glass, less than
carloads, to Missouri River and common points,
$1 40; to Mississippi River and common points,
$1 45; to Chicago and common points. $1 50.
Orange peel, less than carloads, $1 50.
Drugs and medicines, less than carloads,
Jl 70; carloads, $1 25.
Spices, including cassia, cloves, ginger, nut
megs, pepper, whole or ground, less than car
loads, SI 25.
Starch, including corn starch, to Chicago and
defined territory west, less than carloads, fl 60;
carloads, $1.
Hops, less than carloads, $2.
Lumber, rough pine or rough redwood, shin
gles, mixed carloads, San Francisco to New
York, 60 cents.
Tea, San Francisco to New York, carloads. $1.
Cherries, pickled in barrels, carloads, $1.
Porous rock, carloads, to Chicago and terri
tory west, 75 cants; to New York and common
points, $1.
Canned salmon from points in Oregon and
Washington to New York and common points,
carloads, 70 cents.
California wine, except champagne, from
Asti. Cal., carloads, 80 cents.
Leather ot following kinds: Bellies, collar,
heads, latlgo, pieces, harness, rough scrap,
seal, skirting, sole, splits, tanned sheep and
walrus, $1 05. less than carloads.
Leather of following kinds: Buff, finished calf,
finished kip, finished veal, finished wax leather,
glove, chamois, tanned deer, tanned goat, $1 40,
less than carloads.
SOLDIERS "WILL SWIM.
Aquatic Contests That Will Take
Place at Sutro Baths.
Interesting aquatio contests will b«
held at Sutro's baths on Sunday. The
events are as follows:
50-yard dash, South Dakota— Entries: E.
Rlckard, C. Band, O. Hillstead, A. Pstlier, O.
Llndh, W. Hill, M. Duffy. G. StUlwagon.
76-yard dash, Montana— C. Hyman, V. Cham
berlin, W. Bowde, C. Wheeler, J. Casey, A.
Fisk. L. S. Warner, L. Strasser.
50-yard dash, special race for the champion
ship of volunteers now stationed at Camp Mer
rltt—H. T. Chambers. Kansas: W. M. Seaman,
Montana; A. Dlvlgnon, United States En
gineers.
75-yard dash. North Dakota— P. Tlmboa. H.
Harbourn, J. Diamond, W. Thomas, F. Cook,
L. Sweunumson, E. Pope, A. Reacy.
Special 100-yard dash for the United States
Engineers — R. Lailev. A. Dlvignon. A. Ehle,
H. Balkanhorst. B. Watts. R. Moxley.
A Sailor Drowned.
Gus Batterman, a sailor working on the
scow Arthur, was drowned last Wednes
day by falling off Howard-street wharf.
The body was found early yesterday
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT PIANOand FURNITURE
TO-DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.
OCTAVIA ST., NEAR SUTTER. ,
FRANK W. BUTTERFIEI D, 602 Market. .
35 SAFES, SCALES AND TOOLS.
TO-MORROW (SATURADY), at 11 a. m.
102 CLAY ST., COR/DRUMM.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st. .
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
THIS I> AY.
FRIDAY ..:..........:.....:...... ..June 10. 1898.
At 11 a. m. at 414 M'ALLISTER ST..
The magnificent FURNITURE AND CARPETS
• - , • " of a 10-room flat. * . "'" ' ■
morning and taken to., the : Morgue. Bat-
terman was paid off a few days ago and
went on a spree. He leaves a widow in :
Germany.
A NEW QUALIFICATION.
A Question Asked by Hugh Craig
of Congressman S. G. Hilborn.
, The . matter of Hawaiian annexation
seems to cut a considerable figure with
certain members of the business ■ com-
munity in the line of indorsing or reject-
ing candidates who aspire for Congres-
sional honors. S. G. Hilborn has served
as a member of Congress from the dip- .
trict across the bay for several terms
and no reproach has ' been cast upon hi 3
official conduct. A number of his friends
have expressed the desire to .see ■ him
again fill the position he now holds, and
they are making a canvass of the com-
munity to see how the land lies. In.
one direction, the Chamber of Com-
merce, approval seems to be based ■ upon
one point, how Mr. Hilborn stands on
Hawaiian annexation as indicated by
the following telegram which was sent
to the Representatives at Washington,
yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO. June 8, 1898.
Hon. S. G. 1 Hilborn, Member of Congress,
Washington, D. C : I have been asked to sup-
port your renominaticn for Congress. Before
committing myself I desire Information as to
how you stand, on annexation of Hawaii. We
desire an immediate vote favoring annexation.
HUGH CRAIG.
President Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
Cisco. ■ . ■ ■ '
/^~%l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M<r*ff&M\ O2SKEAB3TYST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, '
f>2s KKAKW ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
tskAJts>--i*t£& DisPiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
K3JSh*^£?7J| disease weorin jon bndyand mlndand
•feaMTRMB®! ■'' kin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
i^»fef««W ! Sel others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Z!msiSlSSßa Cures cnaraotrrd. Callorwrlte.
l>r. J. If. GIBBON. Box 1937, San Francisco.
. OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
u^. ; .Steamers leave Broadway
; Yi?^trfc— wharf, San Francisco.
yHfe^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
ißMfOßgfc June 5, 10 15 - 20 - 25, 30 July 5,
ESS affins&d transfer at Seattle.
IWfc^W >%i For Alaskan ports (from
HSgKZgggjsL] Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
i^^j^, June 5. 26, July 17, August 4.
25, transfer at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), PortTownsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash. 10 a.
m., June 6, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
June 1, 7, 13, '19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavii"os, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 2. 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 28. SO, .
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m., June 4. 8, 12, 16. 20, 24. 28, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17, ■
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder. .. .
1 The . company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar<i hnurs of pallinir.
. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •- ■ ■
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
■ 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
■ DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IF O TZ, T L j^..3ST D
Prom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including; BertH
irtllL ffi B Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5. 14, 23
State of California June 8, . 17, 28
Oregon — June 11, 20. 29
St. Paul $16 001 St. Louis ....$32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 27 50
Omaha OOi New York 3100
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
• 630 Market st.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British ' flag.
Frlesland ......June 22 1 Southwark June It
Chester June 26 i Westernland ...July 6
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Belgenland June lSlPennland ......June 25
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantia
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this servic*.
Pennsylvania, from Seattle July 16.
Conemaugh, from Seattle July 23.
Pennsylvania, from Seattle August IS.
- Conemaugh, from Seattle August v2o.
Connecting with the company's awn fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on th«
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and in-
termediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery;'.. St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantiquß.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North _»^.,,_
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <fZWtutfS
by this line avoid both transit by ■*>«satafei>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $160;
second-class, $116. ■' , - ■ -
LA GASCOGNE. .........June 18, 10 a. m.
LA 8RETAGNE. ............. June 25. 10 a. m
I.A BOURGOGNE .......July J. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 9, 10 a. m.
LA N0RMAND1E. ............. ..Ju1y 16. 10 a. m.
For further .particulars apply to ■
COMPAGNIEV GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
. TIQUE. Agent. . .:
- . No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. S
■ J. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. " ■
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail : from New York every Saturday for
'<-'.. Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage — City or Rom*. $80-
other steamers, $50. *
Second Cabin — Rome, $43 60; Fur. essls, $37 M;
other steamers. $35. -
Steerage ' — Rome, $25 50: Fumessla.
$24 50; other steamers, $23 60. ,
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents'- 7
Bowling. Green, Nev York: or J. — FUGaAi '
E Montgomery st. or L. 'F. COCT'ROFT - lli
•Montgomery st.: or R. R. RITCHIE. 8 New -
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. , .--.-
wnT^SfJljlfliasS Ealls via' Honolulu and
E "J?Lt»« 'v Wednesday, June 15,
PMVMIIia at 2 p- S. S. MOANA
• &HIIIL salls vla Honolulu and
wrninv Auckland for Sydney
■ Wednesday, June 15,
SlMl]SniD c ' a Line *° COOLGAR-
CWHIIJI'IK.. DIE, Australia, and
(^lflßSßfeh CAPE TOWN - Soutn
-J. D.SPRECICLES & BROS. CO., Agents. 4 '"' : "
■ - .-■ 114 Montgomery -, St. -
j Freight office— 327 Market St., : San Francisco.-
: FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
', ■, " Steamer "Monticello." ■.'■•'.
Hon., Tues, Wed.. Thurs. and 5at.. .."...:.; L_-
9:45 a. m., »:15 p. m. I (8:30 p.m. ; ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .....'..:..... .......1 p. m. and 8:80 p.-.m. •
Sundays QV.r.:7..:.;:T.v. ".10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ta.
Landing and •Of flees— Mission - Dock. Pier S. ■ ■■'
. Telephone Red 224J- • - - .
910
RAILROAD
BOOKS TO
BE SHOWN
Important Documents
for Inspection.
FIGURES BY THE MILLION
COST OF PRODUCING LEWES AND
ALL EQUIPMENT.
The Southern Pacific Company Fight
ing Hard to Prevent a Reduc
tion of Its Fares by the
Railroad Commission.
The taking of evidence in the suit
of the Southern Pacific Company
against the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners to restrain them from reducing
fares on th<- plaintiff's lines, proceeded
for some time yesterday afternoon before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. Commissioners La Hue and Hln
ton were present, but took no active part
In the case. The railroad was represent
ed by Attorneys Herrln and Garber, and
Attorney General Fitzgerald appeared
for the State. •
The only -witness called during 1 the
hearing was AY. G. Curtis, head of the
department of maintenance, of way and
construction of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The proceedings were not produc
tive of much matter of interest, being
confined almost entirely to the reading of
tabulated statements containing a mass
of figures intended to give the court in
foriiiU'.io;) as to tne mileage cost of the
plaintiff's roads, real estate, equipment,
rolling stock, buildings aiiu vessels, cal
culated to show that the proposition of
the defendants to arbitrarily reduce the
tariff charged by the company on its
roads in this Stare was a dire hardship
and would be disastrous if carried out.
A peculiar feature of the evidence was
that the liguivs were nearly all based on
the "cost per mil^e," including steam
boats and other quoer things In that con
n. One of the Items which caused
some amusement was the bunching of
"legal" with "gen*-ral" expenses and
basing it on the mutage proposition. It
Bhowed that the cost was $306 71 per mile
per year, or over a million and a quarter
dollars each twelvemonth.
The hearing opened with presentation
of a certified copy of articles of incorpor
ation and amalgamation of the Southern
Paciiic and its feeders in California. At
torney General Fitzgerald would not
agree* to the admission of this document
until it vras shown that the incorporation
took place after the pending suit was in
stituted, namely, April 13. 1898. Upon YV.
O. Curtis taking the stand Mr. Fitzger
ald entered a statutory objection to his
testimony as to facts concerning the
business and property of the plaintiff ex
cept as an expert, if he was testifying
as an expert it was satisfactory, but If
otherwise the books of the company
must be produced. Mr. Curtis proceeded
in the capacity of expert and toiled
through the columns of ligures, dilating
upon their meaning as suggested by Mr.
Ilerrin, He related his experience as a
railroad man, during which he had been
connected with the Central and Southern
i'a. \:\r companies since 1565. As Mr.
Curtis gave his age as 49 years, it was
shown that he began his career at a very
early age. His testimony was for the
purpose of showing what it would coot
at the present time to reproduce the
property, this being taken as its actual
present value, aside from good will and
franchises. The mileage was given as 3998
miles, the cost per mile of which to-day
would be $42,025 03, including all lines
owned or leased in California, making a
total cost of $132,294,109. These figures do
not include the cost or value of street
franchises. Station grounds are listed at
$1090 44 "per mile," giving real estate a
credit of $3170 13 per mile. For each mile
of track there are 17 6-10 lineal feet of
tunnels, estimated to cost $1353 41 per
foot; "rip-rapping," etc.. $559 32; ties,
timber and bulkheads. $582 per foot, giv
ing a total with other minor sums of
$7788 75.
It seems that bridging where trusses are
used cost $112ti SO per lineal foot, trestles
average $533 51 to tne mile, making a total
in this branch of $25.M 90 to each mile.
Suowsheds average 53.7 lineal feet to the
mile, costing $403 20. The main tracks, re
quire )-.5.0l long tons of Iron to the mile,
costing (3222 58, and side tracks 21.51 short
tons, 5771 18. Other items elaborated by
Mr. Curtis, such as ballasting, turntables,
shops, machines, tools, supplies, fire pro
tection, telegraph lines helped to make
up the total, while the mileage on equip
ment was given as $4461 U; buildings,
$1157 So; engineering, etc., $3200 85; general
and legal expenses, $306 71; interest and
commission, $3347 4S; Southrn Paciiic Com
§any, material and supplies, $336 55;
outnern Pacific property, $755 50; docks,
wharves. Moating equipment, etc., $785 CB.
Referring to the cost of securing water
for the operation of locomotives Mr. Cur
tis said tne engines must be supplied ev
ery twenty or thirty miles and that in the
desert sections the cost "if securing non
mineral waters which would not destroy
the bailers was very great. In the Colo
rado Desert wells had been sunk 2400 feet
at a cost of over $60<X) and no water se
cured, and In consequence there were
places where water had to be hauled In
water cars.
Coming to the San Francisco. Sacra
mento and Los Angeles terminals, Mr.
Curtis stated that their "per mile" cost,
including side tracks, shops, wharves,
slips, etc., was $3257 55. This gave a grand
total for the 2595.69 miles of road in the
State of $42,025 02.
Attorney General Fitzgerald evidently
got weary of minor details, such as wash
outs and repairs to culverts and suggest
ed that the company might a? well In
clude lightning- and earthquakes as prob
able causes ol toss, at ah cv which Mr.
Curtis sweetly smiled and retaliated by
calling attention to the losses caused by
damage to persons and property in the
course of buiici. :ir and repairing roads.
Mr. Herrin then took another course
and offered a list of items of cost of the
entire Pacific Coast system, not including
Oregon lines, or the Mojavp branch for
merly belonging to the company. Mr
Curtis began giving his figures, stating
that the total mileage was 4313.12 on main
line, costing an average of $37,777 7U per
mile, and making a total of $102.9^0 S°'<;
Among the various properties proing' "to
make up this enormous sum were named
the steamer Solano. at Port Costa, the
ferry and river Steamers, dredging ma
chines and tups, valued at $2,474,431; of lo
comotives. 4fi7. value of $4. 435 550 ' eight
dining cars. $120,000; 67 Pullman sleepers
three-fourths value, 1854 250; 2< tourist
pleopers. threo-fourths value. $M SSO- 341
first class day cars. $1,611,550; ':'< second
class passenger cars. $121, iK); 85 combi
nation passenger and ha?" — <re cars, $140.
000. and 105 mail and express cars, 1372.850
At this point Mr. Fitzgerald Interposed
an objection and declared that as Mr
Curtis was " testifying to alleged facts
they must naturally come from the books
of the company, and this being the case
he insisted that the bonks were the best
evidence and must be forthcoming
After consulting Mr. Curtis Attorney
Tlerrln announced that the desired rec
ords would be produced, and the hearing
went over till to-day at 2 p. m.
Bear-Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Call.
STOLE A TANDEM BICYCLE.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Ralph
Sinclair for Grand Larceny.
H. C. I?pst. bicycle den lor. 309 Uroderlek
ftreet, swore to a complaint in. Tutipe Pon
iards court yesterday charging Ralph Sin
clair, his clerk, with grand larceny.
Sinclair has been in Best's employment
for the past three months. Wednesday
he stole $4 from the till and rode away
on a tandem bicycle belonging to W. E.
Goodrun, superintendent of the Spreckels
Sugar Refinery. He has not been seen
since.
The young man has been a source of
troubla to his mother, who lives on Page
and Broderick streets, for some years. He
was in the habit of stealing articles of
Jewelry from the house and pawning
them, and within the past three months
it has cost his mother over $150 to redeem
them. A few months ago he was shipped
to the Sandwich Islands, in the hope that
a change would do him good, but he re
turned as soon as he could. It was his
mother's intention to send him away
again.
FOR A PRESIDIO CAMP.
Efforts to Move the Soldiers From
Private Grounds.
Some time ago the Chamber of Com
merce called the attention of the War
Department at Washington, through the
Pacific Coast representatives, to the fact
that the sewerage conditions and water
supply at the Presidio were such as to
make it necessary for the troops now
quartered in this city to be moved upon
private grounds. Also that the private
grounds are so located that street car
lines that are out for all the traffic will
bear are reaping the benefit of the
change, whereas if the Presidio was put
in proper condition the soldiers could ride
from camp to town without cost. The re
quest was made In several dispatches that
the matter be looked into and the evils
corrected, especially as a number of
towns arounci the bay are bidding to get
the troops away from San Francisco in
order to get the benefit of their patron
age. The matter has received attention
;i.t Washington as shown by the following
letter:
WASHINGTON. June 3. 1898.
H-jph Cm!?. President of Chamber of Com
merce. San Francisco— My Dear Sir: I am in
receipt of your telegram of June 2. relative to
the Presidio reservation and it* Inadequacy as
a camp for troops with your suggestion that
a water supply nnd sewerage he at once sup
plied. I havp placed a copy of your telejp-am
before each member of the delegation, and the
matter will be thoroughly Investigated, and
will also present it to the Secretary of War.
Yours very truly. (iEO. i. PERKINS.
COL' ECTED POLL TAX
FROM HIS WORKMEN
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST CON-
TSACTOK BUCKMAN.
The Matter Is Now Being Investi
gated by the Grand Jury and
Labor Commissioner.
A matter of no small Importance Is be
ing considered by the Grand Jury. It Is
a charge that the Buckman Contracting
Company has been collecting poll tax
from its workmen without authority of
law or the sanction of the Assessor.
The case was called to the attention of
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald by two
of the employes of the company named.
Both men have sworn to affidavits set
ting forth these facts. Harry Biggs
states that he was a teamster In the
service of the Buckman Contracting
Company and resided at Buckman's
camp at 14 Guerrero street. He has
worked for these people since last No
vember, quitting on June 1. In settling
with his employers he was given time
checks for $18 09, which was $2 less than
was due him, after deducting board,
lodging and other incidental expenses.
He demanded the $2, and was told by
Rodgers, the bookkeeper, that the mon
ey had been withheld to cover his poll
tax for the city and county of San
Francisco. Biggs demanded the formal
receipt, such as is always given by the
Assessor, but was told that there were
no receipts.
Biggs was not satisfied, so he went to
the main office at 302 Montgomery
street and again asked for the receipt
for the poll tax that had been withheld
from his pay. After some talk, in
which the head bookkeeper stated that
he had none of the regular receipts,
Biggs was given a receipt which read:
"San Francisco, June 6, IS9S. Received
from Harry Biggs two dollars. Account
poll tax deducted. Buckman Contract
ing Company." Biggs took the case to
the Commissioner, and In making his
statement said: "I know of my person
al knowledge that all of the men work-
Ing for the Buckman Contracting Com
pany on the first day of March, and
who were paid subsequently, had this
same amount deducted from their
wages and wore not given the official re
ceipts for the same. In many Instances
this amount of two dollars was ail or
nearly all that the laborers had due
them at the time of payment."
Deputy Green at once called upon the
Tax Collector and was told that no
authority had been given to Buckman
or any of the company to collect poll
tax nor had any receipts been given to
them. He asserted that the office had
trouble with these same people last
year for the same offense. Mr. Green
says that to-day he will make an inves
tigation of the Buckman camp and ex
amine the books of the concern. He
has learned that there are about 110
men working in this camp and that
Buckman has collected poll tax from
all of the men. He also made collec
tions at the camp In Marln county,
where about 100 men are working. Dep
uty C. L. Dam has laid the matter be
fore the Grand Jury.
WIRES ARE EXTENDED
TO THE NORTH
WESTEBN UNION COMPANY IN
CONTBOL OF VICTORIA.
A Final Test of the New System Suc
cessfully Made — It Is Now in
Operation.
The new northern extension of the
Western Union telegraphic system from
Seattle to Victoria has been completed.
The final test of the wires and cables
has been made and everything Is In readi
ness for immediate operation.
The completion of this northern line
means better facilities, as the circuit
means the death to a long practiced mo
nopoly by the Canadian Company and tne
speedy reduction of the exorbitant tariff
of transmission which has been dictated
and enforced by the company since its
Institution. Although the Western Union
line has only been In operation since the
commencement of the present week the
standard price of telegraphic communica
tion from this city to all the points tra
versed by the new lines has been reduced
from 75 cents to 60 cents, with a promise
of further reduction in the near future.
In addition to this decrease of public tax
for the use of the new lines the facilities
for transmission afforded by means of a
perfect system of copper wires and Im
proved cables will be greatly Increased
anu will prove Invaluable to patrons of
the city and the State generally.
The new line extends from Seattle to
Victoria, including in its circuit Port
Ulakely, Port Gamble, Port Townsend
and Port Angeles. The lines are now be
ing further extended, and when completed
will include Vancouver, B. C, via Blame,
New Whatcom and New Westminster.
To accommodate the demands on the
new system offices will be established at
all the above mentioned points, thus com
pletely controlling the entire sections tra
versed.
The extension of this northern line re
quired the construction of eight separato
cables, the longest being eight miles, and
the erection of 125 miles ,of land lines of
copper wire. The total cost of tho entire
circuit has been estimated at $100,000.
The Grand Jury.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and
considered the building of the Hall of
Justice. They had the members of the
Buildinps Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors up as witnesses, and also Frank
Shea, the architect. Mr. Britt of the
committee was examined, and he told all
he knew about the delay. Mr. Rivers
and Mr. Sheehan. the other members of
the committee, were not called, as the
investigation was not concluded. The
superintendent of the work was also
called, and the contractors were on hand,
but the jury did not get very far Into
the case, so most of the witnesses will
have to call aK^in. The excuse offered
was that the firm of contractors has
sunk a lot of money In a terra cotta plant
to supply that part of the material, and
that they want to get the plant well
started before they proceed.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJ3STE 10, 1898.
PREPARING
FOR THE ART
EXHIBITION
Many Pictures Now
Being Hung.
LOCAL ARTISTS CONTRIBUTE
THE PBESS CLUB ROOMS TO BE
THROWN WIDE OPEN.
A Vast Throng Will Attend the
Exhibition Held in Aid of
the Red Cross — Other
Notes.
Art lovers and connoisseurs will have
an opportunity on Saturday next to view
and criticize the drawings of the leading
artists of this city and perhaps become •
the possessor of a treasure as a memento I
of an exhibition held in the Press Club j
rooms In aid of the Red Cross Society.
Hundreds of beautiful drawings and j
paintings have been received and during
the past few days the committee in
charge has been extremely busy arrang
ing the pictures in the jinks room of the
well-known organization.
During the exhibition an excellent mu
sical programme will be rendered. Pletro
Marino, the talented young violinist, will
play ftie second concerto in D minor, by
Max Bruch, and the following local mu
sicians will add their efforts:
G. S. Wanrell, Slg. AbramhofT. Loulb Cre
paux, Mr. Meyer. ■ Slg. S. Martinez. Homer
Henley, Miss Millie Flynn. Mrs. Eva Tenny.
Mrs. Alvina lleuer-Wllson. Miss Alyce Gates
and the Press Club Quartette.
The pictures ami art contributions received
up to date are from H. Nappenbach. Chris
Jorgensen, Lfttlmer, Ra-sch«»n, Yon Perbandt.
Keith. Stanton. Mathews, rissls. Breuer.
Hloomer, M. atraus. Joe Greenbaum, T. Aokl,
Cadenasso, Solly Walter. J. H. E. Par
tlneton. Mrs. O'Brien. Cantrell. Mrs. Robert
Richardson. Miss Mabel Baum. Miss Jessie
Ames. Mrs. M. F. Anderson, Henry Quinan,
L. Vesaria. H. bternberg, O'Nlel. T. A. V..
Mary I>avison, H. Igoe. C. Tebbs, Lon Wall.
R. Kdßren. Grant Wallace, Gertrude Parting
ton, R. L. Partington, Schultz, Biles. Mrs. J.
W. McElroy. Mrs. L. Sleeth, L. J. Holcomb.
L. Mores, Sylvia Rey. Marie Key. Sander. Miss
Beatrice Farnum, Lyle Cook. Mabel Downing.
Grace Robnsun. H. W. Sea well, Sidney \arde,
Comllle Johnston, C. J. Hlttell. Miss Esberg.
Standish Babcock. Lewis. J. A. Cahill. J. E«b
mer, May C. Foster, Mrs. A. It. Wheelan.
Frank Sleeth. Mary Crouch, Miss Clough, Miss
Hughes, Mlbs Rogers. Miss Reath. Mr. Blan<-h
ard. Miss Goran, Miss Conrad, Mrs. Harrlck,
Edith Whltfleld. E. H. Burwick, E. Burley.
Helen Knapp Fitzgerald. Emily Pltchford. Hel
en Hyde, Jules I'tiges. Ella Rosenberg, Miss P.
Bander, Hobart Clark, Sophia Marsten Bran
nun, T. M. Porter, Ira 1... Kington, Annabel
Lee. N. Clark, C. P. Wilson, Miss Whltetteld,
George Parmentor. Alma de Brettvllle. Stella
Wittram. Mrs. Mary Menton, Isabelle Porter,
J. Raphael, Miss P. Dwarzok. A. Lewie, Chas.
Rnlla Peters, Ruth McCarthy. Sophia Palmer.
Annie Harmon, Stelia Austin, Lucy Croll.
Louise Uremer, Defrase, Jack M. Levy, Percy
Haselden. Miss E. ....tchens, J. Schwartz, Miss
Josle Marvin, Harry Price, R. Dellwig, George
Wagner. Lester Seheellne, Florence Treadwell.
J. C. Terry, Miss J. L. Roberts, Miss Malow
ansky, Mrs. Jennie Huber, "Mrs. Bertha Tau
sig, Mrs. McClatchy Richardson, Maude Wil
son, Andrew London, Nellie Trent. Miss Ger
trude Walter, Laura Adatms, C. P. Neilson.
Miss Averill. Miss L. Foster. Miss Gertrude
Joßselyn, T. Blatchley, Miss C. LeaviU. Mrs.
S. E. Dutton. Mrs. Tho. Gray, Mrs. J. Adams,
Mrs. E. Perley, Mrs. S. V. Culp, Miss Taylor.
Miss Cerf, T. S. Taylor, Mrs. L. W. Dorey,
Miss Jujjenblne. Miss R. N. Clark, Mrs. E. J.
Root, Miss Hilda Smith. Miss F. Porter. Mrs.
T. J. Letourneux, Miss A. McNamara. Miss
Chapman. Miss Van Winkle. Miss Sayle. Caro
Cook, Elizabeth Chandler, Martha Johnston, C.
Uoundy, Alice B. Chittenden. Anna Francis
Briggs, A. Hubacek, Addle L. Ballou, Blanche
Le Jeune, A. Le Jeune and Robert I. Aikln.
Six hundred members of the Red Cross
Society were made happy by receiving
their badges of membership. The much
delayed consignment that arrived Wed
nesday was quickly exhausted by the
eager throng that streamed in and out of
the Claus Spreckels building yesterday.
Donations were received at the State
supply depot at 16 Post street yesterday
from Colusa. San Rafael, Vacavllle, Sac
ramento, Santa Rosa, Benicia. Santa
Cruz, San Jose, San Mateo and Newman.
An entertainment and ball will be given
June 17 by the pupils of Mrs. Bonn's
dancing academy in Odd Fellows' Hall.
Dr. Louis Dean has offered to treat sol
diers free at Eye and Ear Hospital, 1007
Sutter street.
Miss C. Burk, chairman of postal com
mittee, reports the following donations of
postals: Mrs. McClure 125; Miss H. Tay.
25; Miss H. Castle. 25; Mrs. Champion. 2*5;
Mrs. Wilshire, 100; Mrs. Landers, 50; ex
tra donations, 135; Mrs. Bradley. 50; Rob
ertson's, 33; Miss Tickner, 10; Miss Bur
nett, 10; Mrs. John Jewett. 500; C. 8.. 200;
Miss Castle. 100; Mrs. Withel, 200; C. 8.,
200; Mrs. St. Goar, 1000; total, 2SBB. Miss
Burk makes an urgent appeal for dona
tions of postals.
The Merchants' Protective Association,
through Mr. Splivalo, gave $200 toward
the band at the ferry.
Donations received Wednesday at the
ferry were from the Sons of the American
Revolution through Colonel Currier Mr
Manning, H. Scott, San Mateo Red Cross,
Mrs. Cutler, Mrs. Walker, Miss Kitty
Snook. Mrs. Aigeltinger. Mrs. Lacey, Be
nicia Red Cross, Mrs. E. B. Cutler", Mrs.
Burne, Mrs. M. Koshland, Mrs. Parnell
Mrs. Henry Meyer, Miss A. Catlin, Mrs!
J. Gilrn'ore.
A donation of $50 has been received from
the citizens of Newman and vicinity
The following subscriptions received
yesterday brought the fund up to $41,
156 19:
Mrs. Howard Overacker, »5; Mrs. Alfred
Vouderroop. $2 50: employes Thomas Day & Co
$31 75; entertainment given by Vereln Oe^ter
relch, $30 85; members, $10: donation on adver
tising by The fall. $14; Mrs. Wm. Stetnhart
$10; memberships, $47: Fremont Parlor No 44
N. S. G. W.. Holllster. $10; employes' coiners :
department. Mint. $lf>2 75: Miss H. Mitchell $s
collected Cafe Zinkand, $G 60; citizens Fort
Bragg, $32 SO; B. Pasquale & Bros., monthly
subscription $20.
The Clarkson Case.
The closing argument In the case of the
Government vs. William Olarkson will be
made to the Jury this morning by Deputy
District Attorney Bert Schlesinger, Mr.
McPlke having concluded his argument
yesterday afternoon. The defense was a
point blank denial of the testimony of
Blacksmith Carter and Grocer Eggers. to
the effect that Clarkson had given them
gold bullion to sell for him.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CeJI, corner of Market and Third atreeta, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lark In street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market atreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
26£6 Mission street! open until 9o'c!ock.
1505 Polk street: open until »:S0 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
itreets; open until 9 o'clock.
7 MEETING NOTICt-S. "
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection -
I.: No. Regular meeting THIS (FRI- ***
DAY) EVENING, June 10, at 8 o'clock. A
Fourth degree. V: • •-; .- : ,-; •. ■ jK\
• .-. ; GEORGE *J. HOBE, Secretary. KZSS?
OCCIDENTAL ' Lodge, No. 22, ,F. and •
A. Called meeting- THIS; (FRI- /fa
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock First T&jf
. ■ Degree. , ■ ..; .'■■■ -■• -~-'J- . - -- : . •. : . ,;/]Hy>
,-■,■ . - G. W. ROOT, Secretary. V
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. ■
V.— The oftlcer3 and the funeral :^2«i»Sx=
'' committee of ' the above ■ lodge are hSS4B*kJ?
hereby notified to assemble at Odd •"''!>„ . •.
Fellows* • Hall, . cor. -j Market and :.v Seventh
sts., •on , FRIDAY,' j June . 10, at ' 1:30 ■p.% m, 'iir
.' the purpose of attending ; the (funeral : of our
late brother. FRED NACHTIGAL. By order
CHARLES QCAST, Financial Secretary. ; ,
MECHANICS'. 1 Institute j quarterly^ meeting • no-
■ tice — regular' quarterly J meeting % of - : the
•-: members of i the ; Mechanics' Institute .will be
■ held =at the Mechanics' Institute library
■ building, 31 Post St., "San; Francisco,; on. SAT-
URDAY, June 11, 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m.
?:■- -■' ERNST A. DENICKE, Preg. :
i -' E. P. HEALD, Rec. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1897:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherlne Norton,
9 years; Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
tne Cafferty, 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams. 7 years; Rosetta McGuire.
7 years; Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
Gomez, 6 years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4- collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6: tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 60, and whitened
from $1 iip: painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co., 343 Third st.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetio
treatment, massage. 1204 Geary St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery St., room 8;
palmistry and card reading.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
Imths. 1204 Geary st., room 11.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
batbs. 154 Turk ana 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
"SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEMALE]
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation as
first-class cook; best references; country pre-
lerred. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLAbs French and German speaking
girl desires situation as chambermaid and
seamstress or nurse. 3 years last place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISd
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT, competent Swedish cook and housework
girl, desireß situation; 3 years last place; Ala-
meda preferred. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
2Vt years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT German housegirl wishes situation; good
cook; two years last place; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
LADIES— For an Al servant see J. F. CRO-
BBTT & CO., 316 Sutter nt.
YOUNG woman with 2 children (boy 8 and girl
6 years) would like place to do any kind gen-
eral housework, cooking and sewing; short
distance in country preferred; wages no ob-
ject whatever, so long as good home and not
too far from school. Box 572, Call office.
TWO French girls. Just from France, wish
situations, one being able to do upstairs
work and nurse, and the other being able to
teach French and take care of grown child-
ren. Apply 9114 Minna St.. off Tenth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; It a
good cook; will do plain washing; city or
short distance In country; moderate wages.
10 Stockton place, off Stockton st., between
Poet and Sutter.
COMPETENT steady woman will do house-
work; Is good cook; will do some washing; j
good bread maker; wages $15 or $20; city or I
country. 79 Jessie St., bet. First and Second, j
BY young woman of business experience, rapid |
penman, position In Insurance, real estate or
general office; city or country; references.
Address B. S., box 671. Call office.
WANTED— By American widow, position as
housekeeper; good cook. seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country. 2759
Mission st.
ELDERLY American woman without means
wants a situation. Is a good plain cook,
nurse and sewing or chamberwork and sew-
ing. Address box r.62. Call.
WANTED— By sisters, work In same hotel; one
as laundress or In kitchen, the other cham-
ber work; country pref. 16 Minna St., up strs.
SWEDISH girl wants a position as house-
worker or cook; Is a good cook and second
worker. Box 566, Call office.
2 "TRUSTWORTHY American ladles would like
to take charge of house for parties going to
the country. Address 429 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires an office
position in or out of city; best of references. |
Address box 670, Call office.
WANTED— By Canadian Protestant woman,
cooking and housework In private family.
Call at 303 Turk St.
WANTED— Work by the day, housecleanlng;
good laundress; $1 and car fare. Please call
at 1104 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position as nurseglrl;
wages about $10. 950 Folsom st.
GOOD reliable Eastern woman wishes a situa-
tion as a flrst-olass cook and laundress; city
or country; references. Call 442 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; first-class cook. Call or
address 205 Third St., room 14:
COMPETENT woman to do general housework;
good plain cook; city or country. 110 Sixth
st. ; no pcstals.
GIRL wants place for housework; wages $15.
411 Fourth st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
to care for children; will assist with studies;
can do upstairs work; will go short distance
in country, references. Call or address Ad-
vertiser, 701 Stockton St., corner California.
YOUNG woman with a child wishe3 position to
do l-.ousework, city or country. Call 231
Elg.i'.h st.
SITUATION wanted, by a dressmaker, as
seamstress by the month; perfect fit guar-
anteed. 224 Seventh St.
INFANTS' nurse, care of children, upstairs
work and sewing; good city reference. Box
. r !<7. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework; no
cooking; sleep home. Call at 3144 Lang-ton st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants washing, iron-
ing and house cleaning by the day. 2615
Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, place
to care for children; country preferred. L.,
ISO* Sutter st.
COLORED woman wants work of any kind
by the day. Box 681, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper or take charge of lodging-house;
city or country; refs. 805 Market, room S.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman to
do housework; city or country; Is capable.
Call at 759 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by good housekeeper and
good cook; has one child; best of references.
Address N, Box 2, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG girl 18 years of age; light housework
or second work and waiting in a nice family
In the country; good home more an object
than high wages. 1430 Dolores St., near 28th.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and book-
keeper desires position as private secretary.
Box 595, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements: terms $1 25 per day;
city or country. Address box 891. Call office.
GERMAN lady goes out by the day to work.
Please call at 745 Howard st.
YOUNG lady wishes a place to assist with
housework and sleep home. Call at 746 How-
ard st.
AMERICAN woman wants situation as com-
panion to elderly people or working house-
keeper; city or country. Box 474, Call.
YOUNG lady (.North German) wants situation;
working housekeeper and good dressmaker
or chamberwork and seamstress. Call at 16
Rundell place, off Sixteenth, near Valencia.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th St.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook; $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy st.,
near Taylor.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B offlce. Call 106 11th St.
GOOD Ironer and laundress wishes position.
Box 447. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4114 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 19'J7 BRADLEY A CO.. 64» Clay nt.
WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postofnee, Fruitvale, Cal.
AS poultry ranch foreman; many years' ex-
perience; valuable receipts; handy all kinds
of tools; best testimonials and references;
J. X., 418 Mississippi St., San Francisco.
COOKS— Man and wife, no children, wish posi-
tions in summer resort, country hotel or large
camp; are not afraid of work. Address H.
M., box 545, Call Office.
PRACTICAL bread and cake baker wants situ-
ation; Is willing to go into country. Address
or call FRANK ELSER, Llndell House, cor.
Sixth and Howard ste.
WANTED— By elderly man. as night-watch-
man; will give security and reference. Ad-
dress box 567. Call.
MACHINIST, used to accurate work, wants
position* Address box 569. Call.
; SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued. ;
MAN and wife wish situation on ranch, . vine-
yard or ; orchard; man used to hard work: ;
wife good cook; wages $30. J. D.,1 658 Market
v St., corner Polk. ■.-. •■""•■;•.■.'■ . ' i
YOUNG / man (German) wants kitchen work,
waiting; saloon or other work; city or coun-
•try. Address H. VIELITZ. 632 Mission, r. 19.
YOUNG married man desires position at any
kind of office work or collecting; references
| and bonds. Box 669, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
.liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary. Box 560. Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodlst Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton. . . : .
YOUNG man wants situation as grocer's
clerk; willing to give references. Box 615.Ca1l
YOUNG man wishes place to drive delivery
wagon; age IS years. Address 400 Bay st.
AN honest, temperate, industrious young man
of 21 : years, with considerable practical ex-
perience In electrical work, wants position as
electrician's assistant; must have work, and
would be willing to work hard . on small sal-
ary, or for little more than room and board.
Address X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED, Intelligent ir_n of experience
a position to . take care of invalid and act
as companion: best of references. G. W..
box 29, Call office.
FRENCHMAN speaking some English wishes
situation in private family or In livery sta-
ble; understands horses well; reasonable
wages. 3121 Sixteenth st.
YOUNG man (German), married, strong and
willing to work, wants situation as Janitor,
porter, watchman; can care for horses ana
garden; references. Box 310, Call office.
GARDENER wishes a few more places to take
care of or to take full charge of home in
owner's absence. Address R. JAEGER,
Berkeley, Cal.,
YOUNG man, 23, wants employment as driver
, or work around store; can make card signs.
Address box 679, Call office.
BOY between 19 and 20 years old would like to
get work of any kind. Call or address ?4:j6
Pest ot.
BARBER, young[ man, 8 months' experience,
wishes position to help Wed., Sat., Sunday
and nights. MR.' HUSTON, 1325 Stevenson.
WANTED— Position by young man as porter
In saloon; can tend bar. and mix some drinks.
P.. box 68, North Temescal, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS French gardener; good city
and country references. G. 8., 1125 Stockton.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper, with best of reference. Address
box 387, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horses, cows, garden; ref-
erence. Add. J. A. MacDONALD. 214 Third.
YOUNG man of 22 would like to learn a trad».
Address box 685, Call office.
JAPANESE desires light work for his room.
Address Box 400, Call Office. ;*
YOUNG man desires position as clerk in
wholesale or retail store; good references.
Address F. R. H.. 92 Halght St. _^
MAN and wife, no children, wish situation*
on farm, private or mining place; references.
1032 Howard st. • .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ■
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERT dressmaker; apprentice in cloak and
suit house; bakery clerk. 1023 Market st.
HAIRDRESSER; pupil nurse, 2 months' trial,
good wages; office matron. 102£ Market st,
WAIST hand, good finisher; 10 waitresses; 3
pantry girls; 2 seamstresses. 1023 Market st.
BUSINESS woman; must understand bookkeep-
ing and correspondence; special; references.
1023 Market st.
LADIES, attention— The Select Ladles' Bu-
reau of Information, managed by San Fran-
cisco ladles, confidentially conducted; cash-
iers', teachers', clerks', salesladies' , head-
quarters. • 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
forelady; matron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
GERMAN girl, housework, Oakland, no wash-
ing, $20; 2 girls, general housework, $15 and
$20: girl, general housework, country, fare
paid. $25. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
(old No. 777) 836 Market st.
GOOD starcher and ironer, laundry, city. $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, country, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl, work part day, $6. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, hotel, city, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
REFfNED mlddle-aepd woman, country, $15.
■ MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NURSE. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, charge of house, $8.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
TWO girls, housework, Alameda. Santa Clara,
$20; 12 housework girls, city and country, $20.
' $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $10. MISS CULLETN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $16; waitress, city hotel, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
__________________________________________
A COOK and second girl. $20 and $30, country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
A MIDDLE-AGED working housekeeper, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 526 Butter st.
3 EXPERIENCED typesetters (straight mat-
ter), $6 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK girl, Healdsburg, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES for Santa Cms, $20; arm wait-
reps, $25; 5 chambermaids and waitresses, city
and country, for first-class hotels, $20 each;
4 restaurant waitresses, $25 and $6 a week;
3 lunch and dinner waitresses, $20 a month; 4
lunch waitresses, 50c; manager for a hotel,
$20 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St.- ;—; —
FORTY house girls. $12 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
RANCH cook, $26; hotel cook, $25; colored
women, restaurant, country, $25; colored wo-
men, chamber work, $20. city; cook, Ameri-
can family, $25 to $30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $20: laundress, $30; nurse. In-
stitution, $20; house girl, country, two In
family, • $25, see party here; young girl to
assist, $15; nurse girl, $15; second girl, $15;
German girl. $20. two in family. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Suiter st.
HOUSEKEEPER for resort, California refer-
ence; laundress, private family. $25; Ironer in
laundry, $25; 3 Protestant German and French
cooks, $25; 3 German and French second girls
and nurses, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $25 and $6 week; 4 waitresses and
chambermaids, $15 and $20; 2 hotel cooks, $25,
and a great many girls to fill our numerous
situations in city and country. J. F. CRO-
. SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child to cook and do general
work, small country hotel, $20; girl for
■ housework, country. $15. fare paid. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GIRL for chamber work and washing, $20; 2
cooks, $25; 8 girls for housework. 631 Larkln.
I.ADY canvasser for large corporation: good
. cluan work.' Apply mornings, 215 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl for ■ general V housework; i light
washing; $15. ' 720 14th st., above Church.
GOOD vest operator: also good buttonhole
maker. R. THOMAS, 718 Market rt.
CTRL to work for 2 adults; wages $10 to $13.
Call Friday morning, 564 Fell st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, $15; no
.. washing. , 30.6 Clay st.  , . . .
YOUNG girl, light . housework; bring refer-
ences. Between 9 and 11, 1526 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— 6O women and : girls. . Apply 446
: Townsend' St., 7 o'clock a. , m. ■". ,
WANTED — for general housework: wages
$12.' Call afternoon, 3725 Twenty-second st.
TEN experienced pickle packers on glass goods.
Address box 332 Call office. ;, : , ,
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
. take ; care rof baby; : good home • and . small
"wages. ; 732 Green st. ■_:, : ; ;•■
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, cording
and skirts. H.FRIEDLANDER.. 338 Fell st.
WANTED— j Ironera. > TROY LAUN-
Q DRY ; CO., 2241 j Mission st.
STRONG girl ' : for general ' housework. . Call
after 8 m., 1511 A Howard st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do kitchen work. Call
at , 324 Larkin st. v ;
LEARN r dressma" 1 ng and millinery: positions
"- free; c patterns ; 25c up. McDowell's, . 103 ■ Post. .
LAWRENCE < Dreoseutting School. 1079 Market
: ■.•; ■t. ; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free. .;;%'
HELP WANTED— MALE.
.WANTED— t more 'miners,' '■ $52 " per" month,
:; single , hand 7 work: ; milker, good steady . place
'•': near ; city, $22 50; '■'- 10 farmers ' and ' haying
.' hands, • $20 and $26 • per month, all : near city;
• , man .toi do i carpenter work s and repair - work
■; on wagons,; etc., . on a . ranch,-, $30 ; and * board,
steady Job; i choremen ' on . ranches ; near ' city,
: " $12 and : $15 and : good home ; boy for store, : $3
', per week ; \2 • boys - for a ; factory, $3 ; per a week
and Increase: and others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.':-. •,.;:.;;;; .: .■; : ...: .:, ;
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A— 2 SPOOL tenders for sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MARKER and distributor for laundry, $30
and found, fare paid. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— DRY goods clerk, country. MURRAY &
READY. C 34 and a 1 "* Clay si.
A— BAKER and confectioner, country shop; 2
assistant bakers, city and country. MURRAY
& READY, b34 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO THE GREAT GOLD MINES
25 miners wanted; exceptional good Job and
wages MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— MILK ERS Butter Makers Milkers
o milkers. $25. for different steady Jobs; 2
butter makers, $30 and found. MLR KAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 3 STABLEMEN, $35 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, «34 and 636 Clay St.
A— TO the Sawmills and Woods
226 woodchoppers. $1 50. $1 25 and $1 cord; 197
tie makers, he, 9c, 10c and lie each. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 9 CHOREBOYS and men for ranches, $10
and $15 per month and found; 2 boys to learn
trades, city Jobs. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— TO All Parts of California 49 Haymakers
$26 and found per month; 36 orchard, vine-
yard and farm hands, $26, $25 and $20 per
month and found; 12 choreboys and men for
. ranches, $10 and $15 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 686 Clay st.
A— s3o AND found— — $30 and found
15 men wanted to clear land, cut brush and
do other laboring work. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— sl 75 DAY $1 75 day
26 laborers, city Jobs. $1 75 day; 15 laborers,
city Jobs. $1 60 and $1 50 day; 12 2-horse team-
sters, city jobs. $1 75 day. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— TO the north 555 men To the south
Free Fare Free
Teamsters and laborers. $1 75 day. We ship
twice dally, morning and afternoon, on these I
great railroad Jobs; free fare. MURRAY & !
READY. 61M-636 Clay St. j
A— SWEDISH young man for a private resi-
dence on a ranch; see boss here. MURRAY
& READY, 634-6156 Clay st.
A— 9 COOKS, hotels, $55, $40 and $30 per month;
3 restaurant cooks, $12, $S and $10 week; 3
second cooks, $30 and $25 per month; 3 ranch
and camp cooks, $25 and $35: 5 waiters, $23
per month; 2 restaurant waiters, $9 and $8
week; 5 dishwashers, $15 and $20 per month.
MURRAY & READY. 654-636 Clay St.
ALASKA
TO GO TO-NIGHT ■
300 rockmen and 25 bridge carpenters, $3 to
$3 50 a day; summer's work; special reduced
rates by rail and water to the work; re-
member we ship to-night.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
THREE Scandinavian farmers, $1 a day and
$26 and found: milker, $30; Swlrs milker. $1
a day; 3 farmers, same ranch, $17 50; 5
gravel miners, $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $100 to
$125, Bee party here; kitchen helper, mining
boarding-house, $25; glass pantryman, hotel,
$20; kitchen hand. Institution, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CLOTHES presser, $9 a week; manager hotel
laundry, $20 and found; German porter, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FORTY laborers, teamsters, . scraper loaders
and tunnel men, $20 and board to $2 50 a day,
on new railroad work; long Job. Free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A NOTICE to laboring men
Wherever this paper reaches, city and coun-
try .
we want teamsters, laborers and rock men
for miles and miles of new railroad work In
California and Alaska. If you want work
come and see C. R. HANSEN & CO., Em-
ployment Agents, 104 Geary st., S. F.
GARDENER for an Institution; $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Hostler, $30; milker and farmer,
$3.0; man to work in hay field, $o0; vegetable
gardener, $25; grocery clerk, $7 week; 40 men
to pick and shovel. $1 60, $1 75 day; fruit
farmer and wife, $40; milker, $25; gravel
miners, $2 50 day; and others. Apply to 3.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Night cook and baker. $10 to $12
week; cook, small country restaurant, $30;
restaurant cook, $6; restaurant second cook,
$45; cook and wife to leas* minors' boarding
house. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second butler, country, see party
here, 11 a, m., $25; butler, $35; waiter, plain
hotel, $30; waiter, $3.".; waiter who can open
oysters, $40; several dishwashers, $15 to $25; 2
cooks, country. $30 and $40; shirt polisher, etc
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
MAN and wife; Mexico; charge of boardingv
house; good wages; see party here. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN assist kitchen; small restaurant; $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH young man as gardener, $23: MISS
CULLEN. 325' Sutter st.
TO open 10 country stores; an Incorporated
company, representing $150,000: managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen: bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal ; control of business. 313 Rush st.
EXPRESS driver who can furnish bonds; 1
warehouse Junior clerks. 1023 Market st.
MAN and wife, charge of hotel, care of bar
and housekeeper. 1023 Market st.
6 MEN fbr Pacific Coast trade, distiller's line;
big pay. 1023 Market st.
10 MEN for Alaska, for one of the most suc-
cessful financial concerns in city; good money I
for right parties. 1023 Market st.
MAN and wife to work on gentleman's place-
grocery clerk. 1023 Market st.
CAMP cook and helper. $C 0 and $35; milker and
farm work. $20; choreboy, country hotel, $13-
coal miners, $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD &
CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
DISHWASHER for institution, $17 60. HOTEL.
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
BOY wanted for butcher-shop; one that can
cut and deliver orders. Fifth aye. and Cle-
ment St., Richmond District.
GOOD barber Immediately^ Journeymen Bar-
bers' Union Free Employment Office. 707
Brannan st., near Sixth,
2 BARBERS for Saturday and Sunday. 965
Market St., Grand Central Shaving Parlor.
BARBER; first class; steady work; 15c shoiT
431 Kearny st.
2 GOOD barbers wanted for Saturday. 602 Clay
street.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday at 22 Mont-
gomery aye.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday.
614 Geary st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 116
Pacific st.
GOOD barbers wanted; steady. 652 Sacm-
mento st.
WANTED— Piano player for dance hall, coun-
try; at once. Address box 494, Benicla, Cal.
WANTED— This morning early, a bushelman
and pressman, at 142 Eddy st.
WANTED— First-class ladles^ tailors and
bushelman. 504 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class waiter for French res-
taurnnt. 293 O'Farrell st.
AGENT wanted; also man to carry sign 83
Third st.
WANTED— Boy to wash dishes. 621 Montgom-
ery st.
BRIGHT boy about 16 years. Apply bet 8 and
9 a. m., Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
MEN to lenrn barber trade In 4 weeks $is~
1542 Market st. "
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy able
bodied, unmarried men. between the ajte* of
il and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
united States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such- must
be of good character and habits and Able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height For '
f V« ther J n i?, r . matlon 0 apply at tn<s recruiting
_offlce. 20 Elliß st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A good man to buy a hal 7 Interest
in 2 laundry wagons and large route- will
guarantee purchaser to make $3 50 to $3 per
day; reference required; price $400. Box 5Sa
Call office.
GOOD hotel barber shop. Including bath in a
country town, for sale. For particulars at
.'Ol P.attery st.
BINOLB furnished flno. large sunny and airy
room, 2.» c night. Roaedale House. 321 Ellis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third ?t ; 150 largo
_rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
M l? N T, to J ear ?. barb(>r in eighTweeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth St.
3 MEN to solicit and collect; part salary and
commission. 1232 Broadway, Oakland.
WlNrn ester HOUSeT~44 Thlrd'st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room-
_ free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ^
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 628.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60; men's
■soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coasT
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office 3~
FUCHS, Sec, 326 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«!
HELP WANTED— Continue*!.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis «t.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and isc night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764& Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers an£
clerks. Xnox Collection Agency. 110 Suttagi
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixt*.
for. a room; 25c a night; $1 a -week.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.'
AGENTS AVAXTED.
WANTED— LiveIy canvassers to sell the latest
and best colored lithograph, "Remember the
| Maine"; big money to right parties. 808
I Kearny st. '■■.■.%y'. .
I 10c BRINGS samples & catalogue of patriotlo
emblems, etc.. by return mail. Quick! Manu-
facturer, box 1275, Boston, Mass.
AC NTS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendid] v Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit now ready; actqulck.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
STREETMEN wanted in every town to sell th«
comical fichtlrsg figures representing Spain
and America; sample by mail 10a A. MUL-
LIN. 242 Minna st. ■
AGENTS to sell soap. Good sellers call bet.
7:30 and 8:30 a. m., room 2. 737 Howard st.
«5 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of Tvs CalL
Subscriptions and want nd» taken. •
FURNITURE "WANTED^
i INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
, gomery st.: highest price paid. Tel Pa vis 'i.
ROOMS WANTED.
! GENTLEMAN wants room in exchange for
lessons in drawing or German. Box 584. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WAITED.
! TWO rooms en suite and sin^e room with
board for married couple and old lady;
Western Addition or near Park. State lo-
cation and price, box Ml, Call office..
FURNISHED rooms wanted with board for
responsible business men. 313 Bush st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Tent about 25x50 feet. 1213 Point
Lobos aye.. at shooting gallery.
WANTED— Hair picking machine, second-
hand; must be In good order; state price..
Box 553. Call office. j
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: sha
will show you how to overcome your enemies.
■ remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
! stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
! minerals; tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
I 25 and 26, 1206 Market Ft., opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market St.:
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly: tells your
age and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice; sh-.
locates burled treasures, removes evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetlc treatment.4ol Leavnwh.
| MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past.
• present and future; 2jo. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 21 •> Kearny St., room 2.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
I reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
I MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
i MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fession: never falls; advice: help. 829 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTdr! cYsTEWERT will read articles
and give tests. Circle to-nleht, 12W> Grove.
I St.. Oakland. Admission 10c: sittings daily. $1.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium. 311 Main: sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m.. 2'e.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
.8 p. m., 250. ■ 409 Leavenworth st. ■■-- .
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for busin-ss an i
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: tpl.Jessle.9S3.
MRP. SHAFFEI.. test and business medium;
sittings dally.- 212^ Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia ft.; read-
ings $1; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. US Knight st.
PALMISTRY.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler Sunday, 3 p.
m., at hall. 305 Larkin St.: readings Thura.,
Sat. at hall; Wes., Frl. at res., 353 Geary.
CALL and have your hand read by a student
of Cheiro's. 835 Market st.. near Fourth.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402V4 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured
LOST.
STOLEN— From the French Church. Bush st.,
above Grant aye., brown mare and coal scut-
tle buggy. Belongs to Pacific Carriage Co., 41
Eighth st. ' - ■ -
Monday night, long gray-haired German
spitz doz: medium size; point nose: $25 re-
ward. 21 Sixth st., restaurant.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Seringa
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco. In th»
name of SARAH SMITH. No. 174,684. Ths
findar will. please return to bank.
LOST — In neighborhood of Fulton and Octavla
sts., 2 keys. No. 106 and No. 11. Return to
S. V. W. W., 129 Stockton st.; reward.
SMALL bay mare and mule lost. Return In-
gleside dairy or 1718 Howard st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings .
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In tha
name of ELIZABETH LEE. No. 221-542. Tha
finder will please return to Bank.'
LOST— A pass-book with tha Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ELLEN O'CONNOR; No. 166.623. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Long, gray-haired German Spitz dog;
reward $5. Return Golden West Hotel, r. 3.
LOST— Sunday, gold watch: monagram A. M.
F. Return to Occidental Hotel: reword.
FOUND.
FOTTND— Setter dog. Inquire at 788 V'»«'"n.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying; assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
u ates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AT " the ■. School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
term begins this month: for teachers and
students: 1-5 p. m.. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID,' Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. : life - scholar-
• ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a,
course in Tarr's ■ counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st. -
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics,. U. C 2107 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way. Berkeley ; write for circular,
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mm■-
■ ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve. ;
est 1864. -VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In one month: terms $10;
. students should Investigate.' 712 Van Ness.
HORSES.
10 CAMPING ; horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. ; 721 Howard st.
140 HORSES ■ for sale; ; also wagons buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.: auction sales -veryWednes-
_ day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, Lame*, of all
kinds: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sale*
■ Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NE WELL. '
f v ; WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— Panel box business buggy In good
order. ; .R. R.. box 586. Call office. .
GOOD hack; coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: r cheap. Bull's
Head Repository. • Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vthlcies. : Lie-
bold Harness Co., > ail Larkin; opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap '
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and upon
"• buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
■ ' '■■ • ■ . - : ■ ■ . ■ ■■.■---■.-*:.;■.'-•BUSINESS CHANCES.
»SSO— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop, north of
Market st. ; 2 horses, 2 wagons, hanasomo
store; clearing $125 to $150 per month; trial
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$cOO— SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; Ow_.>r
there S years; other business cause of sale-
genuine offer. M. LESS. 705, Market st.
$!"*>— CORNER butcher shop; best part In Mis-
sion; neat store, bound to -attract custom
receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $25; ail cash
trade; departure cause of sale; great sacri-
lWe. M. LESS. m Market st. ' ■
$UO\>— CORNER saloon and liquor store, prlncl-
ral street heart of city: old established : large
5-tock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
Itself; full Investigation to prove that this
offer is actually worth $1500; present owner
there for years: sickness compelling sale.
lvn P 'buMdin g EbS - -,- Market «- oppJ^te Phe-
lakery; principal street, heart of city
living rooms; rent $25; baking I>4 bbls. flour
per day; all store trade; Impossible to find
anything better In this line. H. LESS. 765
$225— PARTNER wanted In first-class paying
business; easy to learn and clearing for each
' liar n Rb 2- Ut *P per month: a clean and
V.ontabJe offer. Particular* WILKE, MB Mar-
JXW-PARTNER i in leading hotel of
laO rooms; restaurant ami elegantly fitted up
saloon and cafe; leas*; rarest business open-
Ing for active man; this offer is only ov>»n for
two days. Particulars WILKB. 545 Market -
sloso - OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on
Xoaniy st., close to Chronicle building; rent
$100; doing a good paying business: only first-
wTt S i'?" s i? m Vr larpe ■»"** on hand". See
\% II.Kh, .S3 Market st: new number 845.
$1250— BARROOM doing" a first-class ~ paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close 10
I'alace Hotel; rent (50; a rare ..-.isines* open-
ing. v 3 11 WILKK. 7;: Market St.. new num-
ber 545.
SSOO— OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
Ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent:
eiegant fixtures; a great sacrifice;. Important ■
business calls owner north. Call WILKE. '
- . Market 8t -
A— SCCO RESTAURANT In the very best loca-
lion, doing a rushing business: first-class
V-nces and best class custom; low rent. In-
qulre WILKK. 753 Market st.
j:oOO-OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location. with building; long
lease; doing a lirst-c'.nFs paying business;
?J-,? rr _ 68-?6 B -?. __ snt . a ccl "Pel owner to sacrifice.
"ILK .;>3 Market st.
A DEPARTMENT store, Ing a good busi-
n £*" of $2=>.000 per year, paying 40 per cent
profit on invoice value; has been established
12 years in Los Angeles County; for sale at
invoke pr.ee; a good chance for busin»ss
man with a capital of about $8000; will ex- i
change for real estate or established business
here In this city.
A bakery, consisting of good oven, horse and
wagon, fixtures, etc.. and Ib now on a good :
paying basis; we invit? examination; good rea-
sons for selling; cheap; onty $.-,50; will ex-
change for real estate.
A grocery «tore; well established business of
-"J'S^i. "■'" »ell at J nvoloe price. Particulars.
_____ REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner bldg.
A— KREDO & CO.— 22uT Geary st
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$-CCO— Drug store; good chance for practical i
man.
Ft adhouse; San Bruno rood: furniture !
1800— Corner grocery and bar; i furnished
rooms.
— Grocery and bar; give-away.
«— Delicacy; fine corner; with living rooms.
$150— Best shooting gallerr; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KKEDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and JCearny. KREDO & CO , 22* '
Gear>- st. ■ ■,/* '*
$ioo— GRAND business opportunity in the cen-
ter of Camp Merrltt; sure to make $300 per
month. For s full particulars apply to .HEALY '
_& CO., 917 Market st
J2C0 — GRAND chance for steady man as part- !
ncr In saJoon and lunch house; owner In other i
business: cannot give it his whole attention. '
HEALY. Sl7 Market St.
PARTIES desiring to s*ll their business
promptly for cash. HEALY. 917 Market st.
FRUIT store; good horse and wagon; bar-
gain. McLAUGHLIN 4- CO., 23 Kearny st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in good paying butcher j
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience !
necessary; owner prefers partner to hired I
help. Bee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$1000— SALOON and restaurant, 4 rooms, build-
ing. Including lease; cheap at $1500. Mc-
LAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
$900 CORNER grocery ami bar: good horse an.l
■wagon; stock worth price asked. ___LAL'_ii-
l.'.s A CO., 21 Kearny st. .. j
$1500— SALOON: owner is going Into extensive!
business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny. :
$250 SNAP; ■ '.■■:- saloon with 3 furnished
rooms; Fourth st., near Market; fine' fixture, ;
good business; $25 month. BASILE, 873 Mfct.
$-7i — LIGHT manufacturing business, route, ;
horse and wagon, etc. ; other business causa
of sale; suitable for young man willing to do j
plain light work. Particulars at "44 Third st.
STOCK and fixtures of a well-paying cigar
store for sale; must l>e sold within three days
on account of ■.•■!■ business; southeast cor- !
ncr Sansome and Washington sts.; no agents. i
$500— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
work; no night or Sunday .work; experience i
not required; trial given; j_. to $30 a week '
each can be made. S Geary st., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
r-lven; short hours; duties light. 31 Third at.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
DRUQ Storp^-A bargain; owner has other busi-
ness to attend to; must sell at once. Ad-
dress box 56*. Call office.
PARTNER wanted: • experienced laundryman
with $380 to Invest In a hand laundry. .Box
558, Call office.
$400— A SNAP; oil business; 19 Sixth st. ; valus
in sight, $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS.
PARTY with $100 ran buy interest in ex-
ceptional drug More. Address box 563, Call.
$ir.O— GROCERY, bar; 4 living rooms and i
Mable. Apply 4.".' Clementina St.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard St.
PARTNER In paying saloon near Examiner :
office; bargain. Particular*, 33 Third st.
3TAI RANT In country town for sale;
no rash rent to be paid, It b~lng tak»n out
in board; good transient trade and several !
regular boarders. Tor particulars address box |
678. Call Office.
WANTED— Good restaurant man with small I
capital. CM! at Terminal Hotel, Haight and 1
Slanyan Etc.
$125— CIGAR store; Al location. Inquire Call
offire. .
$350— FOR sale; a chop -house doing a good 1
-"»»■• rent $15: this is a bargain. Ad-
dress •X 4SO, Call office.
BALOON In Oakland will be sold ■ cheap.
WICHMAN. 1.1 TORN <_ CO., lit Clay si.
GOOD corner saloon for sale: low rent and
very reasonable.- Call 423 Sixth st. I
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant, established
for 8 yfixrs with same owners: beat location; :
Junction of two leading meets; . trial given |
before purchasing; price mads to suit buyer; ■
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. J.. l»ox 9, Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE or exchange— s3sW>: drug store:
GalvcEton; on principal street; doing good :
business; owner has other business. O. 1
' BERGEIi. Galvefton. Texas.
PAYING cash milk business ; 2 wagons; 2
■ routes' 3 horse*; milk depot; cheap; owner
leaving town. U. S.. box 7. Call office, Oak-
land; . ■
WOOD and coal bustncE». old stand; must
sell Immediately: no agents.. 1; x 403, Call.
FOR SALE— Cheap: grocery and bar. Call at j
Chicago Brewery.
BUTCHERS, attention !-For sale very cheap.
on. of the best shops In the city: other
business the cause of selling. Box 4,78. Call. |
CORNER-grocery for sale; 20 years under fres-
ent owner, who. leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison _-_.. opposite Recreation
Park. ' ' ; __'
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 455. Call lice. ■
Jsoo— FINE milk delivery route in Santa Rosa; '
■ i horses, 2 wagons, harness and all the ap- |
pliances;, military call reason for «ale; refer- 1
ences. 2201 B telnet st. _____ |
REAL estate and Insurance business In grow- 1
Ing neighborhood; chance for enterprising
man 301 Noe et. , . . -
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
st., northwest corner Teharaa. . . ■. 1
ENAP- milk business; good milk from
country secured; cash trade clearing $150 per
month; $300 down. . balance •€ months time;
! horse, wagon, cans. etc. Box 611. Call office. !
FOR sale— 2 old-esta&.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale. 338 Bimh st. ,
FOR salfj — Call route at San Jose; for par-
' ticularn apply at Call business office or to E. i
F. PIERCE. San Jo_e. ' "
BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln, Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO. 'B, 415 Sacramento st.
.MINES y
WILL give one-half Interest In paying gold
quarts leads In California for means to de-
velop the claims. Address Miner, box 664,
Call office. * .■ •;-■.■■ i
~~~~~~~- .'J MATRIMONY. —
THE Pacific. 406 Geary— Only leglmate matrl-
_______ ___ lP9n - west of "-"'cago; details free.
MARRY— refunded if not suited within
6 months; send 120 for monthly matrimonial
Paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL," 111 Ellis St.. -San Francisco. Cal.
BUSINESS 1 KKSO.VALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes madr^to^orden
clothes that fit; clothes that jar th. high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
Jo down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
THERE Is a great difference in hair: I dress
your hair correctly; price 25c only: good
switches $1; best, finest quality 60; extra
heavy. Ion?. $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third *t.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $160 per night: $150 to 56 per. week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given lor all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY. 309 Sixth.
AT 111 Larkin st.: People's Society: 8 p. m. ;
speaking and tests by good mediums; free.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops hair from fall-
Ing out. Q. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNHE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. _______
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SAI.K
2S-room boarding house $3500
2< rooms; transient; clears -$l5O MO
25 rooms on Market: clears $100: 600
BG-room house: 2 fronts; offer wanted
4 20-room houses: from $300 to ..1600
3 50- room houses; from $14' Xi to 3000
3 105-room houses;' from $2500 to 6000
65-room- hotel: cost $10.000 8800
60-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20-room house ...$?00| 22-room house ..$5OO
".' 10- room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor ..30001 14 rms. on Sutter 700
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— ICP.EDO & CO -22V4 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sires; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
i 23 rooms; reduced from $1000 t0....: $600
38 rooms; worth flSOO; for .....1300
1 20 rooms; funny corner: bargain at $2000. .1600
to rooms; rent only |80 750
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 22
Geary st. '.'"-'
BUY of owner: $700 cash: 21-room house: cen-
tral and full of steady roomers: rent $60
month; Investigate this. Box 316. Call office.
$2000— LODGING house wanted In exchange for
Oakland unincumbered house and lot. KRE-
x)O & CO.. 22V» Geary St.
36 ROOMS, rubstantlal furniture, cheap. ■ In
city: would exchange for lots. 472 Eighth St.,
! room 7. Oakland.
—_——■—■ __________—_—--—--—-----__--—----
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MASON, 618— For sale furniture of 10-roomed
house; good locality for room renting.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
' Prof. Morse, sails for St.- Michaels June 10.
connecting* with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts, call at general office. 610
Market st.
FOR SALE— trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions free. Apply 1501 Mcrket st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
j A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
1 ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
; A- REGULAR physician, having had 15 years'
: experience, has Just arrived from the East,
i and, wishing to remain 'In California for a
time, desires to take charge of a physician's
' business who may want to take a vacation:
1 the best of references given and physician's
interests carefully guarded. Call or address
between 7 and 8 p. m., room 125, Grand Hotel.
San Francisco. . .-.,:,'
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity ; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: .babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure cent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. fit McAllister
St.; pills. $1: very strong, $2: cure, $6.
ALL 01 Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no Janger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write US. '
NEW process: a great progress In medical
. science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used; restores In one day without fall: every
woman her own physician; away, disgrace:
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. Call on a man physician.
DR. .WISE'S, ,123 Eddy St., formerly of 800
Kearny. and late of Be!le-vue Hospital. N. V. :
diseases of women; advice free; experienced
lady attendant. •
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
'■ A BOON to wives and mothers — price
$1 60: RICHARDS & C 0.. -406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Sepuro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, C l.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
, NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason St.: pri-
vate home in confinement: competent physi-
cians and nurses: trms. reai». Powell-st, cars.
MRS. HARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment: confinement alone $5. 156 Second st
DR. HALL. » McAllister St.: diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti; Infallible, nafe r»m-
edlpp: 38 years' experience. 254U Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
I ' teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, r,0o; crowns. $3 50: all
I work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
I tal Parlors, 24 Sixth at.; telephone Jessie 1122.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, 16 up;
rainless extraction; fillings, V,c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges: open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
! DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
. from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extract!'- and
. patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
• of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up: all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
I PR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter: crowns. $5;
- aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUK.
removed to Call bld«r.. 6th floor, rms. £08-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
' SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. C.
YOUNG. IMI Polk Kt.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam: Carpet-clean!. -Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, M^r..
. SS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
1 send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
.■ Heating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.: tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson st. : tel. S. 229; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard:'relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h ft.: tel. Jessie .44.
' GRE\T Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Wcrks. 14 St st. B. GRANT, tel.. Jessie 201.
J E • MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
'eJ.'; cleaning 3c a yard; t.l. v Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Cnrpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
■ Gate aye.: tel. ~a»f 126.  - • ,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
■ -Subscription!! and war.f nils taken. ■-- , -^
....... BICYCLES. ' . •• : ;'
'BRAN new Rlx bicycle for sale on account of
owner going to Manila. LEAVITT & BILL,
. '.' Larkin and McAllister ets. ■--•
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see, houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. '
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth ave., bet. Call- j
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices ' will ■ surprise :
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
FOLSOM. 232S— Bay-window house, 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; rent $23.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms, bath; In good condi-
tion, $18. 2828 Pine st. \
10-ROOM house; good location; good shape. .sso
14-room house; nicely 5ituated.......:....... 45
14-room house; fine corner; long lease SO
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
9-ROOM houso; good garden; sunny rooms;
fine location; owner going north; lease.... $50
8-room house; good location; sunny rooms;
finely furnished; very desirable .:.... 75
— — —
16-room residence for wealthy family: ele-
gantly ■ furnished; nice quiet neighbor-
hood; long lease to right party.....:.-...'.. 100 ;
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
GROVE, 818, bet. Webster & Fillmore— Sunny
. furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
1 given _ required; call between 10 and i.
TAYLOR. Completely furai sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p pi.
FURNISHED HOI SES__WAXTED._
$100 PER month offered for furnished house;
very select parties. 813 Bush St..
HOUSES WANTED.
3 TO 6 acres, with house. 6 or 6 rooms, near
Berkeley, Oakland, Elmhurst or Frultvale;
lease for 3 to 5 years.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER cottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde sts. . :
FOLSOM, 1268, near Ninth— 3 sunny rooms;
yard; basemsnt; cheap to small family.
FOR summer; Marin County; 45 minutes; fur-
nished 7-room cottage; reasonable; reference.
Box 593. Call office. . .
SUNNY cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment: yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new; |
2963 Twenty-first Ft. : key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A FINE view— New sunny upper flat of ■ 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes st. •
ALL OVER TOWN— —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 1512, near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror- top mantels: $11 50.
FIFTEENTH, 2156, north of Market— A sunny,
modern fiat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324 Kearny st., or EAS-
TON & ELDRIDGE. *•
FLATS 5 and 6 rooms. $12 and $14: also cot-
tage, 4 rooms, $10. Key 623 Second st., near
Buchanan. - ■
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— flats, 5
rooms, bath: rent suit times. Apply premises.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath: near City Hall. .
JACKSON, S6Ol. southwest corner of Spruee —
Lower flat, ,4 tunny rooms, kitchen and bath;
fireplaces and grates; gas; presses; yard, etc. ;
separate entrance: unobstructed view of the
bay; adults preferred; $20 a month.
MINNA, 637, between Seventh and Eighth— 1
Nice, clean sunny fiat 3 rooms, $10.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchei— j
Flat, 6 large rooms; bath.gas.large yard;Jl2 50. |
SCOTT, 2038, cor. Secramento— Sunny upper cor- i
ncr flat, 8 rooms, attic; reasonable. .
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent $18. 1577
Turk st.
TEHAMA, SSl— Upper sunny flat, 7 rooms; gas;
bath and modern Improvements; rent $21.
$14— NEW flat 5 rooms, bath. 61 Pond st.,
between Noe and Sanchez. Sixteenth and
\ Seventeenth.
FIRS ISHED FLATS.
TO LET— Sunny upper furnished flat of 6
rooms; rent reasonable to the right party.
2752% Bush st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKER, 2110—3 rooms, alcove, bath; complete-
ly furnished; piano; $20; references.
BARTLETT, 134—2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms
for light ..'keeping; reasonable. . '. ■
BRYANT, 430— Nice large clean sunny room,
complete for housekeeping, $9 a month.
BUSH, 675—3 large' well furnished rooms, front;
first floor, with bath, $22 60; also nicely fur-
nished front suite and bath. $15. ■
CLAY, 1026—3 large rooms, unfurnished, for
housekeeping; good order; $8 50. .
EDDY, COS— Large furnished room; hot and
cold water; use of kitchen.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping: gas range; splendid location.
EIGHTH. 36, near Market— Unfurnished, 2
large sunny front rooms; bath; cheap.
ELLIS, 214— Sunny front rooms; also, house-
keeping: $1 50 to $2 50 per week.
FULTON, 121—2 sunny front furnished rooms;
range and water; large yard; rent $10.
FIFTH, 353 Clean sunny furnished 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $21; also one. $7. .
FOLSOM, 974— Sunny complete housekeeping
rooms; double ■or single; . rent cheap; quiet
family. ' --' '
FOLSOM. 1681— furnished housekeeping rooms;
lower floor: one bay window; good for dress-
maker; rent $12.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room for housekeep-
ing; reasonable rent; also single rooms.
FULTON, 116— Front sunny room complete for
housekeeping. $10 month; 2 back rooms, $8.
GEARY, 1917— For adults: 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
HARRIET, 92, cor.' Folsom, above 6th — 3 nice-
ly furnished housekpg rooms, complete, $10.
HOWARD. 1059 I *— Sunny; completely furnished
housekeeping; double and Blngle rooms; $5 up.
HOWARD. 2337*4—3 sunny rooms completely
furnished, $12. •
HYDE, 410—2 housekeeping rooms; cheap.
JESSIE, 373, near Market st.— Housekeeping
suites. $7, $10 and $16; private family.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny furnished room; 1 or 2
persons; housekeeping if desired; $5.
LEAVENWORTH, 1403, near Jackson— 3 i nice
sunny furnished rooms for. housekeeping; $10
• per month; bath. -'-■ '.
MARKET, -Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARKET. 2520—1 sunny housekeeping room,
with use of kitchen.
MASON. 413, opp. Native Sons' Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; suitable for house-
keeplng; reasonable. ; _^_
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping. ■
MINNA, 111V4— Front furnished housekeeping
room, $1 M wee..; single rooms, 75c wetk up.
MISSION. 829 — 2 lar.e sunny housekeeping
rooms neatly furnished; $12 per month.
MISSION. 10«3— Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others: week or month; very, cheap.
MISSION. 1165— Large sunny back parlor, light
housekeeping, $7.
ATOM A, KB— I sunny furnished rooms com-
' plete for housekeeping: yard: rent reasonable.
j NINTH, 20— Front suite, single, small kitchen,
! $13; bay-window, light housekpg, $8 50; gas.
i ...
NINTH, 21— Large sunny bay-window rooms
I complete >, for housekeeping, $S; running
■ water; gas. ■--•.■■ - ■ . ;
\ PAGE. 21— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
i housekeeping, $7 per month; furnished rooms,
| $5 up. - " ■
I PAGE. 434— sunny rooms and bath, partly
j, furnished." Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
! POLK. 605 — Large clean front sunny alcove ■
j room; exclusive kitchen; bath; gas; $17.
; POLK.' 1519—3 sunny furnished rooms for
' housekeeping. ■ • . .
■ POLK, 1643—3 newly furnished . large sunny
i front rooms for housekeeping; rent $20. . '•-
SOUTH . PARK, 184—- sunny rooms, • complete
for housekeeping. $9 per month.
TURK. 201— Two front rooms for housekeeping;
: corner house; gas and bnth: $16. . ».-■■■•
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEriNG'.ROOMsT
THREE or 5. pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping: nice grounds: central. 615 i."th.
~~~7 ROOMS TO let. " T ~y~~y
APARTMENTS; quiet, hornellke; reasonable;
Com. Transfer ■ Co.. 22 • Stockton - St.: trunks
moved to any. part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.;
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny «t.— Pleasant
. sunny ' rooms,: en suite - and single; first-class
;.*n.»v»>ry rr«ppct:;.tPrm£ reasonable. ' '
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny I rooms; . pre*ty ' view;
1 auiet bouse; baths; • gas ; very s reasonable. £>»:
ROOMS^O LET— Continued.
AT~147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur- j
nlshed rooms by day, week or month.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post — Newly furnished; all
conveniences; central: $3 50 week up.
BUSH, 2509 H. near Scott— Sunny room; new
flat; use of parlor; privilege of light house-
keeping; also hall bedroom; cheap.
CLINTON Park. 15C. near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia— Nice sunny furnished room, use of
kitchen, $S; no children.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; JS, JlO mo.
EDDY. 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, J5 a month and up.
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe-
cial privileges for refined gentleman; no
other roomers. Address E. G., box 451, Call.
ELLIS. 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, Jl 50 to JS week.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— Jl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
GEARY, 595, cor. Jones— Elegant sunny rooms,
suites and single; strictly first-class ; refs.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GEARY, 194t— Large double front room, with
board; suitable for 2 young men; reasonable;
private family; also other rooms.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard— I
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous». 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 630— Neatly furnished
room for gentleman only.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741— 8unny front bay-window
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1806. corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent JS.
JONES, 301— Sunny front rooms nicely fur-
nished; board if desired; private family.
LARKIN, 1200 — Sunny front rooms; J4 and
up.
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished sun-
ny roo'n_; 1 alcove; bath. »
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; JlO month.
MISSION, 1512—3 sunny furnished rooms.
NATO-LA, 28- 1 ,. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished |
front rooms.
OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; suit- j
able for workshop or storage; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
nlture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and I
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable, j
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms. 75a
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: flrst-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ. |
"RANDOLPH." Post and Mason— Bay-window j
parlors and suites; smaller rooms; Jl 50 to J4. !
BHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.. I
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State Houbc, 16-18 Mason st.— Fur- ]
nished rooms: single, $1 60 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to J6; baths; elevator; electric j
lights; hot and cold water; transient solic- j
lte_; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
SUNNY room; bath: gas; Protestant family.
Box 499, Call office.
SUTTER. 114S— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, J10; sunny single room. Jl 60.
THIRD, IS— First floor; 6 rooms; all or sepa-
rately.
TURK, 126 — Two unfurnished sunny front
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping; no
children.
! TURK, 13— Nicely furnished rooms; suites;
also single rooms. I
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; J6
up; bath.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub- !
soriptions and want ads taken. i
ROOMS A-.D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board 1
optional. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars i
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best i
board; J2O per lonth. j
SCUTH PARK. 159-Good table board. JS per ,
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. 1
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful mutiny Market-st. .
suites, with board for 2. $40 per month; single |
rooms accordingly.
SX'TTER, 1128— Changed hands: large sunny
rooms, also single rooms, with or without |
board; home cooking and comforts. In private i
house; rates to visitors. '
SUTTER, 7B7— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex- :
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., BOt- Bunny newly furnished i
rooms, electric liehts, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN family without children wants rhtM
to board. Call or address K. D., 1032 Hamp- I
shire St., bet. 22d and 23d.
SIMILE lady would like little girl to board, !
teach and for company in country; $4. Ad- ]
dress Box 412, Call Office.
WIDOW would board 1 or : small children or j
Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission. |
JESPIE. .39— Good home for Infant or 1 or i |
children; own cow; mother's care: references. |
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a -,
mother's care: ref»rencps. 2*4H Sixth st.
STORKS TO LET.
CORNER store. Twenty-fourth and Florida
Sts.; formerly occupied by drug store. In- |
quire at 2902 Twenty-fourth st. ,
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.; j
handsome corner store, with or without base- !
ment; cheap.
HOWARD, 1802. comer Fourteenth— Store; 2 i
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap. I
$15— STORE and room: good dressmaker, b_K-
ery, saloon. Apply r,.-, Fifth st.
FACTORIES TO LET.
Missio.v, _7», cpp. Weiis-Fargo's Express—!
S- nd floor: power available for straw I
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc. ■
MUSICAL IN§_m_nn_lfT_-
AP we are Foiling good upr| R M pianos for $6 i
rash sod ft I er month, we a*k you to invest!- i
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains |
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy I
Piivmentß and some good planob for $3, $4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house I
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2C 2S and 30 O'Farn'U st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all '
grade* and prices. T»rra« ea.«y; prices low-
est Everything possible donu to please and 1
satisfy the cttstow-s r.
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a
snap? Fine uprights. $125. Jl4O. J150; be*t j
ever offered for the money. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O' Fan-ell st. Chickerlng agts.
CLARK WISE ft CO.. 41 Geary st, cor. Grant
aye.. offer three ways to buy a plane; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. N>wby, Evans,
Briggn and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 3lu, 312 Post st.
AN Emerson piano, good for practice, $50; an-
other, $75; also elegant pinno. $17r,. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
! NEW pianos rented, $2 .0 per month! BCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St.
! BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 709 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO. $125, »16O: agency famous
Halnes Prof. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains: Decker. Schubert, Stelnway. I
Memnan. others. Hornung'a, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest! price lowest: uprlrhts $75 up; !
rents ,J2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., -next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABK pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER ft CHASE, 30 O'Farrell et.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLJiR. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. .
ATTORVEVS AT LAW.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections, !
free advice; open -v. Atty McCabe, lO3Larkln. j
L. S. CLARK— Emma Sprecki-ls bldg., 927 Mar- !
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance. |
ADVICE free on all legal matters, ' T. F. ■
.tack. 14 McAllister st.. room «4.
] ADVICE free; no charge unle«s successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. ?_7 Market st.
TYVKWHITERS.
Ai r TOMAT?d Dotneatio Sinßer"an_~~Whlte
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and ■
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery. !
YOST, good order, $26; send for sample work.
: 6COTT * tJANNAN. 833 Montgomery su j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FINE San , Francisco business property; part
cash and good home across bay. F. F., box
665, Call office.
4-ROOM cottage, nearly new, for sale cheap
on account of departure. H. NIERENDORF,
20 Joy st., ! near Brewster, Bernal Heights. ,
45 FEET 10 Inches on Mission st. by 127& on
Spear. Inquire at 646 Clay st.
PROPERTY TO \ EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; • 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, IBS Third.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing. ■
PROPERTY WASTED.
$5000 FOR a furnished rooming house in fash-
ionable locality. 313 Bush st. ■ '.- ■-..
$3000 SPOT cash for half interest In good pay-
ing office business. 313 Bush st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions;- no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel South 14..
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry: all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6"4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on. lncome city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker ■_ Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st. ■
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
. any proposition. Dry.den, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any turn: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furnltme; no removal:' lowest
rates: no com. : private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
country security. Box 406, Call office.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason St., bet. Market and Eddy.
. _ __________ _
PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS for" Steam Coal— Office of . the
Chief Quartermaster, Philippine Expedition-
ary Forces, room 107, Phelan building, . San
Francisco, Cal., June S, IS9S.— Proposals will
be received until 1 o'clock p.m. Monday,
June 13, IS9S, and opened Immediately there-
after, for furnishing to the United States at
San Francisco, Cal., at Honolulu, Hawaiian
Islands, and at Manila, Philippine Island.,
tieam coal required for United States trans-
. . port vessels. For further Information apply
to the undersigned. The right is reserved to
accept or reject any or all proposals. W. A.
WADSWORTH, Major and Quartermaster,
United States Volunteers. • :',?;..
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rock pavements — Office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of. the City and County
- of San Francisco, June 8, I?9S. •
In accordance with resolution. No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, 1898, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock,
for a term, of two (2) years from July 1, lsyjj,
to and Including June 30, 1900.
. The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specifications on, file and open.' for
inspection in this office.
A list oi streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require . to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open lor Inspection
In this . oflice, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, ■ are included and
must be put in good- condition and • kept in
thorough repair, whether ; they are recited In
said list or not. All 'streets and street cross-
ings enumerated . In said list must be put in
good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets i
or portions of streets paved with bituminous i
rock and accepted by the city and county dur- |
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and is in force lor keep-
ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway Companies having tracks
thereon. -■■ • ■ . ' .-'...
NOTICE— must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the. understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor . to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed. . ;»:■
Bidders will also be required to file with
tbeir bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
x And it is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be pal.i shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work. . • ',
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers.
. In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($.".000) dol-
lars in favor of and made payable to the Clerk j
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written agreement
and (rive the bond required within six (6) days
after the award' is made. then, and in that
case,' the said sum shall be paid into the city
and county . treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good bo require.
, JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO, CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of ' San Diego. California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1893, . for furnishing tha
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of th» cen-
. tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate .proposals will be received' and
- separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing- tha labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry .j work,
Including all , brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing- 2 for the Iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work: 5, for the
• tinning and galvanized iron work; : 6, for
painting and varnishing. .. ;
No proposal will be- considered unless : ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
,-"<in<nl that If his proposal shall be' ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract. .' - : •• .'• ' . -'■
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
■ with the above-mentioned ' bond, inclosed ; in
a sealed envelope.' addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of Pun Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal.' and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock ft. m. of June 24.' 1898. - /.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and.
contracts based thereon > will be . made -on
June 24, 189S, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
. fornia. • ' " ' _ ' -
The contractors to whom contracts ,- are
' awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for -the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
- The plans and specifications of said build-
Ing can be seen during business hours at the
• office of Hebbard ft Gill, architects. Grant
building. Pan Diego, California. :
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
•" State Normal School of San Diego, Call-
°Bv a w. R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest:- ROBERT C. JONES, Secretary.
PROPOSALS for drayage— General depot of the
Quartermaster's ■ Department, San Francisco,
' Cal May 11. .SOS. Sealed proposals for the
• hauling of Mtlita.y Stores «nd Supplies ! in
and about the City of San Francisco.: Cal.,
" for the. fiscal year commencing July. 1, 1898,
will be received at -this office until. 11 o'clock
a. "m. 'on Saturday, ■ the 11th - day \of * June,
- 1898 and ■ then ■ opened. = The Government re-
serves the right ;to reject -. any; or ' all : pro-
' posals. All necessary Information will be fur-
nished on application to his office. OSCAR
'F. LONG, . Assistant " Quartermaster, : U. 8.
, A., In charge depot. • A
COUNTRY -REAL ESTATE.
DON'T LOSE^ThE^CHANCeT^
*1000 if sold . this week— ls2 acres. J miles
from Napa; good home; 6 rooms; barn, orch-
ard 2 acres; plenty of wood and water; make
finest chicken ranch in State. : # . v ;" ' :'
$1000— acres, % mile from town in Butte
County; good rustic house, 4 1 rooms; 2 small
barns, 225 fruit trees, small blackberry patch,
3 acres timber; balance land • good for hay,
grain and potatoes.
An elegant home in citrus belt of Sonoma j
County; orange,' lemon and nut trees In full
bearing, also deciduous fruits; beautiful housa,
richly furnished, including new Chlckerlng
piano that cost $550; will be sacrificed.
$5000—920 acres, Sonoma County; stock ranch;
cows, horses, hogs; -farming tools; home, 6 ;
rooms, furnished; barn; land all fenced; 50 j
tons hay. ready to cut; corn, potatoes, orchard i
and vineyard; we challenge the State for a bet- \
ter bargain.-
Fine country ranch, 20 acres, in Sierra Ne-
vada foothills; fine place for summer board-
ers; took in $SOO in 6 months last season; 9-
room house; will exchange for East Berkeley
property, clear. ...;:•.?»■:;
Wanted— Oakland. Alameda or Berke-
ley property for good clear ranches.
V THE REYNOLDS CO.. ,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for : exchange
for country property: near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555. Call office. .
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR • Sale— Four nice properties, the biggest
kind of bargains, from $ISOO to $3000.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
30- PAG ED Illustrated catalogue free at E. E.
BUNCE'S, 908 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
■ OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan: the table Is a special feature: meals 15:
up; special rates week or mo.' W. H. Buehler
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD. ,
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE I.ORNK. 5f12 Eighth st.
OAKUM) MAKING.
FASHIONABLE Indies' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. 1,20 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND .FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE t>- 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old .store. 408 Eleventh st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Five nice places from $2500 to $25,000,
near or on Channlng way. 1 . -
. THE . REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building. ;
$2200— 5-ROOM house. 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
. place, opposite Berkeley Station. ;
$2."CO— FEET frontage, with house of 7
rooms; only [• blocks from university grounds;
a thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station. ■
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD. '
NICELY furnished sunny . suite with good
board; plain cooking; $50 * a month for two.
MRS. N. C, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ASK to pee the $28 solitaire "diamond ring;
. ask to see the $30 solitaire diamond ring at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
FOR Sale— Ayrshire cow; fresh, heavy milker.
GEO. BEMENT, Seminary aye., E. Oakland.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
NO. 3 Blake's improved steam - pump, with
■ hand power attachment; suction pipe li.
Inch; discharge IV* inches; complete; ready
for use. Address It., box 3, Call office, Oak-
land.
FOR — Columbia road racer, good order.
$30 or offer; also Italian mandolin, $1S 50;
cost $40; after 6 p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, -show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture' and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.:" .
$100— CENTER- BOARD yacht for sale; nearly
new; masts, sails, oars; everything complete
, as she stands. Address box 475. Call office.
GAS fixtures very - low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. SH-516-51S Mission st.
$67 PIANO, good condition; $5 down. $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
i SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
( sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-346 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
i BARS, showcases, counters, «helv!n», etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
MARKE'V 4— Branch office of TV Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MONTGOMERY. ',27. cor. Clay-Open until <••«»
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
! tions and want arts taken. I
SEWING MACIIINF.S.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. ]45 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest .rates IK Fourth M.
STORAGE.
| FURNITURE. :r_nk». etc. Golden West Stor-
I age warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUTX>LPH Storage and Moving Co.:
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South IC*.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. orflce and residence.
1206 Virket: diseases of women a specialty.
li:gai, notices.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to th«
r statute In such case mad* and provided, no-
tice is hereby given thtt the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Paclflo
Railroad Company, , railroad corporations In-
corporated, and existing under the la*s of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
tald corporations, made and entered Into la
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute jln such case made and pro-
vided, did. on the 14th day of April, A. D.
1898. amalgamate i>"il consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchise!
r- under the corporate name and style of thi
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. '
• .'.--■ V J. L. TVILLCtTTT.
Secretary of the > Southern . Paclfio Rallrond
Company.
Pan FraTiHaon. ■ <-«i . *mv " ■""»<
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Barney Glavicich and Hattle'Rohrer.. .....3s-20
Samuel McClay and Amanda Fitzgerald .24-22
I Battlsta Glanoll and Beatrice Del Curt 0... .33-21
; Edward C. Sewell and Ida M. Drogmund.. 2s-23
Francis : McAnnaney and Mary McEv0y.. . .51-40
j Thomas M. ' Manning and Nellie Johnson. .2B-22
j Antonio Callce and Anna Glggerl . 3S-24
;■; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES —DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not 'be . Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
; . BORN. ;,
BOYLE— In Vallejo, June 5, 1888. to; the Wife
:< of William Boyle, a son. ■ ■
CHENEY— On Mare Island. June 7. 1898, to the
> wife .of Charles A. Cheney, a son.
KENNEDY— In this city, May 15, 1838, to the
wife of W. A. Kennedy, a son. -
SMITH— ' San • Luis r Oblspo, June . 2, 1898 to
t the i. wife ;of F. •L. • Smith, a ; son. r
SCHMELZ— 28, 1898, to the wife of Dr. C.
-J.-Schmelz,- a daughter.- " . ■
BIMENS— this city, June 8. 1898, to the wife
of O. I* : Simens, ; a daughter. v
.-- '".I ". --' !■-.-•.- " . " ■ ' ' _ ■ ■-'■"
MARRIED. I '',•:■• •"-■■■■■:'
HANSKEN'»-SUBER— In Sacramento, June .6, ■
1888, by the Rev. F. Cordes, Doede Hanßken,
and Louise Suber. both of Sacramento. "
STt'RMER— In Sacramento. June 5, I
189S, by the Rev. Father Walsh, George S. .
Stunner and Myra : Hickey, both of Sacra-
mento. .- ,' , > " ____^______^^-—
DIED.
' Baker, Hannah B. Matson. Lorenzo -
Berg, Peter A. Meyn, Mathilda
Burr, George W. Nachtigall Friederlch
Beyers (infant) O'Keefe, Thomas J.
Crosßley. Katherine Schweitzer. Madeline
Elliott, James T. . Simpson. John L,
Fitzgerald, Mary Smith. Esther
Furtado, Manuel Stephens, Captain C.
Heiech (infant) . Sullivan, Daniel .
Howard, Sarah • Tlbbltts. Millie N. '
McCarthy, William Treat, Etta
McDonell, John A. . Vibert. Maxlme
BAKER— In this city. June 9, 1898. Hannah
Bell, beloved wife of William Baker, and
grandmother of George W. and Thomas F.
Douglas, Mrs. T. Darmody and Louis Ett-
ling, a native of Castlebar, County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 66 years. . ...
(C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3262 Twenty-second street, thence
: to St. James Church, Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where a requiem mass will* be
celebrated for the repose , of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BERG— In West Oakland. June 8. 1838. Peter
A., beloved husband of Randi Berg, a native
of Norway, aged 68 years. A member of the
Scandinavian Society of San Francisco.
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Howard
street, between Twelfth and Thirteenth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
.the rnrlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 121 Stockton street, corner of .
Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY— the officers
and members of the Scandinavian Society of i
San Francisco: You are hereby requested to
i attend the funeral of our late member, Peter
A. Berg, to-morrow Saturday), at 2 o'clock.
from Our Savior's Scandinavian Lutheran
Church. Howard street, near Twelfth. By
order of president. , ."
C. A. ANDERSON. Rec. Sec. ;
i BURR— In this city. June 9, 1898. George W.
Burr, father of Mrs. Ellen Shaft, a native
of Maine, aged 70 years. , .. - ,
BYERS— In this city, June 9, IS9S, infant son
of Frederick and Emma Byers. and brother
of So;>hle, Mathilda and Frieda Byers, a
native of San Francisco.
CROSSLEY— In Fruitvale, June 9, ISOS, Kath- .
erine Crosfley, beloved sister of Mrs. Jane
Cornwall, Mrs. Mary Herron and Lennard
Crossley, a native of England, aged 49 years.
I3*Notlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company. 2429 Mission street.
ELLIOTT— In this city, June 8, IS9S. James T..
beloved son of the late John and Ros<eanna
Elliott, and brother of John. William. Frank,
Eunice and Lizzie Elliott, Mrs. L. Mlskel and
the late Rose Elliott and Mrs. R. Kerr, a
native of San Francisco, aged 34 years and. B
• months. •■ ■■-■*--
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 701 Crescent avenue, Bernal Heights,
thence to Old St. Mary's College Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
j brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at ?:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
! FITZGERALD— the City and County Hos-
pital, June 9, 1898, Mary Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 50 years.
FURTADO— In Sonora, June 7. 18!»S. Manuel.
I beloved son of Mrs. Minnie , Furtado, and
brother of Joseph. Seraphine, Frank, Mary.
Julia, Bella and Louisa Furtado, a native fit
Galveston, Texas, aged 21 years 10 months
and 4 days. . .
' HEISCH— In Sacramento, June 5. 1898. infant
: . daughter of William J. and Katie V. Heisch,
a native of Sacramento, aged 1 day. - . ,
I HOWARD— In Madera, Cal., June 9, 1898,
- Sarah, dearly beloved wife of Irvin Howard,
mother of Mrs. William J. Blattner. Mrs. C.
M. Erkson, Mrs. G. R. Butler and Mrs. Had-
ley Carlson, and sister of Mrs. J. Croskey.
aged 69 years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
! (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
I dence, 237 Hayes street. Interment I. O. O. F. /
Cemetery. vY i>,C;
; MCCARTHY— this city, June 8, 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved and only son of John J. and
Kate McCarthy, and brother of Margaret Mc-
Carthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 5 months and 12 days. ■
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 10 Day street, between San Jose
avenue and Dolores, Twenty-ninth and Thir-
tieth streets, thence to St. Paul's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
McDONELL— In this city, June 8. 1898, John
A. McDonell, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
49 years.
ETThe funera.l will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
I J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
' terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Funeral
private.
MEYN— In San Rafael, June 9. 1898. Mathilda,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Meyn. and
mother of Harry. Florence, Irline and Carl
Meyn, a native of San Francisco, aged 35 j
years.
' MATSON— San liorenzo, June 8, 1898, Lor-
enzo, beloved husband of the late Mary Mat-
' son. and brother of John Matson, a native of
Denmark, aged 67 years 5 months and 22
days. "■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother. John Matson, San Lorenzo.
thence to the Catholic Church at San Le-
andro, where a solemn' requiem mass will
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland..
NACIITIGALL— In this city, June 8, 1898,
■- ■ Friederich, > beloved husband of Amelle Nach-
tigall, and father of Mamie > Nachtlsrall, a
native of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month and
16 days. A member of Harmony Lodge . No.
IS, I. O. O. F. , and Walhalla Encampment
! No. 7. I. O. O. F.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
' Hall, corner Seventh and Market street. Re-
mains at the imrlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission street. Interment I. O. O. ;T.
. Cemetery. .
I. O. O. F.— Walhalla Encampment No. 7. 1.
' O. O. F. — The officers and funeral committee
of this Encampment are hereby kindly re-
quested to meet at Odd Fellows' • Hall this
' . day (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, -for the. purpose
of attending the funeral of. our late: patri-
! arch, Friederich NachtUtatL
JOSEPH MVSEI.L. Chief. Pat.
MAX SCHUMANN, Scribe, .
i O'KEEFE— In Llvermore. June G. 1895. Thomas
J. O'Keefe, beloved father r>f Charlotte .1.
. O'Keefe, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 52
: years and 3 months. , • :•
[LTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic Ter- 1
r ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets.
Oakland, under the auspices of' Oakland
Lodge No. US, F. and A. M. ■ Interment pri-
vate.
SCHWEITZER— In this ' city. June I, 1898,
■ Madeline Edna, dearly beloved and .- only
child of Francis X. Mid Anna Schweitzer.
I anil granddaughter of Mr?. A. McNerney and
' Mr. S. Schweitzer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 30 days.
SIMPSON— In this city. June I IM, '.Tohn.L.
' Simpson, a native of Kentucky, aged 84 years.
SMITH— In this city. June 8, 1838. Esther, be-
I loved wife of D. A. Smith, a native of Perm-
; sylvania, aged (5 years 5 months and 8 days.
STEPHENS— June 3. 1898, suddenly, at sea.
Captain Charles M. Stephens of the . steam-
% ship Oregon, beloved husband of Ellen Steph-
ens, and father of D. W. and C. D. Williams.
Mrs. ' A. Sutherland and Mrs. H. SelfUger, a
native of Russia, aged 50 years. - <•
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of J. S. Godean. 305 Montgomery
• avenue, thence to St. Francis Church , for
i services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
CALIFORNIA HARBOR NO. 15. A. A. OF
M. and P. — The members of , Harbor 15 are
requested to attend the tuneral of our late
• brother, ; Captain Charles M. Stephens, • to-
morrow (Saturday)-, at 10 o'clock, from the
.undertaking parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305
i Montgomery avenue. R. N. PIPPEY. Sec.
1 SULLIVAN— In the Cltv and County Hospital,
! June 9. IS9S, Daniel Sullivan, a native of New
York, aged 40 years.
! TIBBITTS— In Sacramento, June 5, 1898. Millie
Nora Tlbbltts. a native of Vallejo, aged 22
years, 6 months and 20 days.' ■
i TREAT— In this city. Etta, beloved ■ wife of
Edward Treat, daughter of Mrs. R. Trleber,
and sister of Mrs. George Seellg, Mrs. T. H.
Morton and Jake, Conrad. Albert and Re-
becca Trleber. a native of San Francisco,
aged ■ years and 9 months. J •, • >
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Friday),- from 126 Fulton street. Interment
: Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:45 train.
VIBERT— At Paralso Springs, ■ June 7, 1898.
Max! me. beloved husband of Marie Vibert, a
native of France, aged 71 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from his late residence. 518 Va-
lencia street, between Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth, thence to Druids' Temple, 413 i Sutter
street, where services will be held under the
! auspices of Perseverance Grove No. 10. U. IA.
1 O. D. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, -: I>;
FCKERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMBM I
.■ 10 TITHE ST.. Opp. Lincoln Bjho»L 1
' ; ' Telephone, South 80. ■ . | V
i —^— ***** '" M^ l — ■
H. B. m'avoy. Manager. • •
McflVOY «fc CO., - I
i FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMHK3, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. - I
■ ■ .-■ Telephone, South 24". • ■■ |
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Ttmple,
I Telephone Mission » .
1112
HIS CINCH
WAS NOT
IMMORTAL
Lees Rebels Against
the Truth.
HE IS ANXIOUS TO HOLD ON
AND HE INTENDS TO HOLD ON
GRIMLY.
The Head of the Police Department
Denies That He Is to Bo
Forcibly Retired— But
He Is.
Information that the head of Chief
of Police Lees was to fall on July 5 was
not received by that gentleman with
evidences of joy.
In fact, he denied that the basket had
been prepared for the receipt of his dis
tinguished dome of thought. He seemed
to have an idea that the cinch he had
on the place was Immortal.
Nevertheless, the information given
yesterday is true. Lees has been slat
ed to go, and Dr. Keeney has been
slated to take the place thus made the
oretically vacant. Chief Lees denies
the authenticity of the report. Dr.
Keeney smiles and expresses surprise
and a doubt as to whether he will ac
cept; Chief Lees tears his slivered
locks and makes remarks of warmth,
but of no particular value. Even Com
missioners Alvord and Tobln refuse to
admit that their plans have been laid
bare. It is true that the Commission
ers were not ready to have the pro
gramme declared. It is also true that
The Call took the liberty of laying it
bare.
For a long time there has been so
strong a feeling that Lees has outlived
his usefulness, that the commission
could not well ignore it. It was the
general opinion that a younger man
should have the place, a man of more
recent vintage, and free from any
barnacle growth. Therefore the in
timation that Keeney was in training
for the position did not come as a Bur
prise. He is familiar with police work,
holds the rank of sergeant, has recent
ly been studying modern methods as
in vogue in Eastern cities, and is withal
a popular and respected citizen. So
it will soon be "Chief Keeney." All
the denials which have been made had
been anticipated. There are plenty of
reasons why the commission should not
wish its plans known, though none why
they should not be known.
Chief Lees says the report is due to
personal spite and that there is noth
ing: In it, excepting this. Herein he
errs. There is no spite against the
Chief, but that the police force should
be under control of a competent ex
ecutive is evident. It has not accom
plished much of late. Thugs and
thieves seem to be getting along tol
erably well. The police are doing noth
ing so far as appears. They occasion
ally figure in a procession, and all ad
mit willingly, look well there. At the
head rides the Chief, brilliant with gold
braid. But the best work of a model
Chief of Police is not done while he be
strides a prancing steed. The needs
of San Francisco demand a man who
does not live in a procession nor in the
past. The Chief of Police cannot be
considered as an individual. He may
be a good fellow, without the ability to
catch anybody, who is very decidedly
the contrary. He may have a record
for bravery and astuteness, but be no
longer capable of living up to it. He
may have acquired a great fortune on
his modest salary, and, nevertheless, be
Incompetent to direct men, to inspire
them with confidence.
Several newspaper men yesterday
sought the Chief. They wanted an ex
pression of his views, and they wanted
consolation for the misfortune of hav
ing overlooked the most important lo
cal news. They got these in abund
ance. The Chief assured them that the
etatements were unfounded, and they
were glad to believe him. They found
In his denial a vindication and a com
fort. He seemed to find the same
things himself, and repeated the de
nial at every opportunity. Neither did
Dr. Keeney Indorse the story. To do
bo would not have been in the best of
taste. But he did not appear to be ut
terly flabbergasted as the Chief had
been. He said the proposed action of
the Commissioners was a great sur
prise to him. He did not know that he
would be willing to give up his prac
tice and accept a situation Involving
•o much care. The doctor admitted
that he had known about some contem
plated change In the department. He
thought there was room for many Im
provements and that a younger man
was needed for the position held by
Lees.
Dr. Keeney was busy accepting con
gratulations from hundreds of friends.
"I was never spoken to by any of the
Commissioners on the subject," he
eald, "and while I had an Inkling that
they proposed making a change never
for a moment thought I would be theif
choice. I do not think I would accept
the honor, not at any rate until I had
given the matter grave consideration.
"There are a great many reforma
needed In the department, but I do not
know whether I shall be the one to
make them. I am afraid the cares of
office would be great. I am physician
to the department now and have been
for four years, holding at present the
rank of sergeant."
But the Chief himself was more defi
nite. He spat and sputtered as is his
wont, vowing the while that the whole
Btory was a lie with a capital L and an
exclamation point. He went so far as
to laugh at It, but the laugh did not
resemble a burst of gladness.
Everywhere the subject was spoken
of the resolution of the commission to
retire Chief Lees was commended. The
fact was recalled that by years and
term of service he is entitled to rest
and a pension and upon the date men
tioned will go on the roll for the largest
pension paid in the department. There
fore those who had toward him the
kindliest feeling were not prepared to
say that justice would not be done by
placing him among the "has beens,"
where by virtue of his recent record he
belongs.
As to denials of the Integrity of the
revelation made yesterday they cut no
figure. There had been no expectation
that a scheme not as yet openly dis
cussed would be acknowledged by the
people intimately concerned. Lees
would not acknowledge it; because of
a desire to resign and avoid the em
barrassment of being kicked out to live
on the interest of his money. Keeney
would be restrained by a sense of mod
esty, and there is no occasion for ana
lyzing the motives of the Commission
ers. The gentlemen simply are not
ready to declare themselves. When they
shall get ready the story told by The
Call and denied by rivals who did not
happen to have the information will be
confirmed In every particular. t
MINNESOTA
PROVED A
TAPIOCA
Soldiers Toyed With
by Local Players.
WAS A ONE SIDED GAME
SMALL CBOWD SEE THE VISI
TORS MEET DEFEAT.
Comrades Cheer Loud and Long, but
With Little Use— Frisco
Played Great
Ball.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Recreation Park was the scene of a
rather unique game of baseball yester
day, In which a picked nine representing
Sun Francisco met and defeated a club
composed of the Minnesota Volunteers.
It Is not often that lovers of our national
game are given an opportunity to see
real live soldiers play It, and those who
failed to put In an appearance yesterday
most assuredly missed a great treat. The
crowd was hardly as large as it might
have been, and this scarcity of "fans"
was undoubtedly caused by the very
threatening weather. The "boys in blue,"
however, turned out In great numbers,
bringing with them the Thirteenth Min
nesota Regimental band, and swelled up
the small attendance caused by our pe
culiar climate. The stands were liter
ally covered with them, and how they
did "whoop her up" when their repre
sentative ball tossers made any kind of
an old play. The game opened up In
true military style, and really had the
appearance of the opening of a new
league. The Minnesota band, gayly be
docked in their regimental uniforms,
formed a line and began a procession,
followed by the officials of the league
and the two contesting teams. On com
, ing to a halt in deep center field they
circled around the tall flag-pole, and
I while the band piayed in loud and beau
i ttful strains the "Star-spangled Banner"
' an immense copy of the stars and stripes
; was unfurled amid a tremendous out-
I burst of enthusiasm among the specta
! tors. After this most patriotic in
cident Umpire Creamer— who very kindly
! volunteered his services — yelled "play
j ball," and in a very fpw moments all
; was over with our gallant poldter boys
j save the shouting, as tho San Franclscos
Immediately piled up eight runs. After
thin brief bombardment the game was
stripped of its attractiveness so far as a
j chance for the Minnesota team to win
! was concerned, as it was quite evident
j that they were outclassed. However, the
| game proceeded, each Inning lessening
the chances of our Eastern friends, until
after two hours of good and poor play
ing the San Franciscos came out victori
ous by a score of 2G to 5. This big score,
! however, does not signify that the game
i was devoid of brilliant plays and other
j interesting features. The simple fact of
i the soldiers having a day's recreation
! was enough to gladden the hearts of all
j those present, and the gallant manner in
! which they cheered and rooted for their
colleagues, even when defeat was star
ing them in the face, added additional
glory to the occasion. Then the band
rendered some very charming and stir
ring music. It even went so far as the
"midway" in its selections, accompany
ing Mr. Tucker in his rendition of "She
! never saw the streets of Cairo."
This very amusing incident occurred
when Tucker succeeded Scallon in the
box. His walk appealed to the band, who
had been inhaling the fumes of cigarettes,
having a decided "Turkish odor, as be
ing characteristic of the "poor little
country maid," and so they opened up
with the "muscle dance" music, which, I
must confess, was not entirely out of
place, for If ever a fellow had that "sus
picious muscular movement" in his work
it was Mr. Tucker. Tins gentleman gave
a very good account of himself, however,
and if his walk was slightly "Midway"
his curves were not. Scaring the honors
with Mr. Tucker were Hosier. Ritchie
and Shepparrl. Each of these gentlemen
made brilliant Individual plays, Mosier,
however, outshining the others, his
catch being the more difficult. It was a
running one-handed catch of a long drive
to the left field ffnoe, and was about the
best seen at Recreation Park this season.
Mr. Mosier should foel very proud of his
work. The Minnesota team, although
badly defeated, should not feel discour
aged. To be sure they did not play the
best kind of a game, yet their work was
excellent, when one considers that their
facilities for practice are lacking in a
good many respects. Then, again, their
team was composed for the occasion
without an opportunity to practice team
work, and this certainly did handicap i
them. There are some very promising *
players outside of those who were con- i
spicuous in yesterday's game, and with I
a little more team work, intermingled !
with practice, they undoubtedly would
give some of our city teams a hard
brush. Something in the nelghbprhood
of $250 will be turned over to the society
of the Red Cross.
The score is as follows:
MINNESOTA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Priest, 8. a 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Larkln. r. f 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
nark, 3 b J 2 0 1 4 I 8
Moßier, I. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 1
Sheppard, 1 b 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Ritchie, 2 b 2 2 113 3 1
Barlow, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Snow, c S 0 0 0 8 0 0
Scallon, p 2 0 0 1 0 0 1
Tucker 2 0 0 0 0 1 1
Totals 31 6 8 3 27 6 8
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug, 3 b 7 5 4 0 2 2 2
Hammond, c 7 4 6 4 10 0 0
niley, 2 b 6 2 4 3 0 2 0
Hnrdle, c. t 6 110 10 0
Enpar.. p 6 1 1 0 0 0 1
Muller, 1. f 8 2 0 0 10 0
Dunlaavy, 1 b 5 2 t 1 7 2 1
Van Norden. r. f 6 4 3 1 0 o
BrockhofT, s. 8 6 4 2 0 2 2 0
Totals 54 26 23 9 27 ~8 "4
RUNB BY INNINGS.
Minnesota 0 00011008— 6
Baae hits 1 00000002—3
San Francisco 80210385 4—28
Ba»e hits 70110163 6—lß
STTMMARY.
F.Arned runs— Ban Francisco, 10; Minnesota
1. Threo-base hits— Krujr. 2. Two-base bits-
Hammond, 2; Riley, 1; Van Norden. 2; Bar
low. Base on errors— Minnesota, 4; San Fran
cisco, 9. Bases on balls— Minnesota, 2- Baa
Francisco, 3. Left on bases — Minnesota, 9; San
Francisco, 6. Struck out — Tucker, 1 Eajjan 3
Hit by ritcher— Muller and Clark. l>->ubi»
plays— Punleavy to Kru(r, Knj| to Dunleavy
:o Hammond and Ritchie to Snow. Pnesfd ba'la
—Snow. 2. Wild pitches-Scallon, 2; Tucker l"
Ea*an, 2. Time of game— 2:ls. Umpire— Dave
Creamer.
Bear-Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Call. .<
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1898.
ROBBERS
ATTACK AN
OLD WOMAN
Mrs. Bonnet, aged 78,
Brutally Beaten.
ASSAULTED IN HER HOME.
OFFICES PESHON MADE A
MISTAKE.
He Arrests Her Elderly Husband on
Suspicion of Having Com
mitted the Dastardly
Crime.
Josephine Bonnet, aged 78 years, living
at 10 Stark street, off Stockton, between
Pacific and Broadway, was the victim of
two brutal robbers last night. The un
fortunate woman was sitting In the
kitchen of her home when her assailants
crawled through an open window and de
manded to know where she kept her
money. When she refused to tell them
one of the men struck her in the face
with his clenched flst, knocking her to
the ground. He then jumped on her and
threatened to kill her if she did not re
veal the hiding place of her money. Fear-
Ing that they would kill her their aged
victim pointed to a bed In the adjoining
room as If to indicate that her money
was hidden there.
While one of the brutal robbers stood
over her to prevent ncr from making an
outcry his accomplice searched the bed.
securing $47, which was hidden under the
pillow. They then left tne house, after
threatening to return and kill her if she
notified the police.
The pitiful screams of the Injured
woman attracted the attention of several
neighbors, and they went to her assist
ance. While they were endeavoring to
force an entrance to the house the aged
husband of the unfortunate woman ap
peared. A police officer named Peshon,
evidently anxious to . swe.. his record,
promptly placed him under arrest. He
was taken to the City Prison and his
name entered on the small book. Mrs.
Bonnet, covered with blood, was subse
quently taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that "she hau re
ceived a lacerated wound of the forehead,
a contusion of the face and also wounds
of the nose and cheek.
For some reason tho police did all in
their power to suppress the facts of the
brutal assault. A patrolman named
Knight, who, through his Influence with
Chief Lees has been assigned toautyin the
City Prison on account of the absence of
Desk Sergeant Bidwill, even went so far
as to prevent the reporters from obtain
ing Bonnet's statement. He declared that
he was running the prison and would do
as he pleased. Captain of Detectives
Bohen, on hearing of his Czar-like meth
ods, promptly sent Detective Dillon to
call him down.
To Detective Dillon the aged prisoner
said that the first he knew that his wife
had been assaulted and robbed was when
be walked along Stark street on his way
home. He saw a crowd standing in front
of his house, and, fearing that something
had happenod, he became excited and
started to elbow his way through the
throng. Just as he had reached the steps
leading to his house he was seized by an
officious policeman, who placed him under
arrest for assaulting his wife.
Bonnet, who is 87 years of age, was very
wrathy when he was locked up and
threatened to Institute proceedings
against the city for false imprisonment
immediately upon his release from cus
tody.
Through an Interpreter Mrs. Bonnet
Bald that she was mending an old dress
when she heard a knock at the door. She
paid no attention to it and resumed her
work, when suddenly she heard the win
dow being opened. The next instant she
was attacked by two evil-looking men,
one of whom struck her In the face, fell
ing her to the floor.
The unfortunate describes one of the
robbers as being about 30 years of age
and rather tall. The other was of me
dium height and had a dark mustache.
She says that they both wore slouch
hats, which were pulled down over their
eyes as if to conceal theic features.
The doctors at the hospital regard Mrs.
Bonnet's condition as being very serious,
principally on account of her old age*
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce were granted the
following mismated couples yesterday.
Charles P. Holt from Ann Maria Holt on
the ground of willful desertion; Augusta
Gunther from Carl Gunther on the
grounds of willful neglect and desertion;
Addle Pettijohn from Jonathan Pettfjohn
on the ground of desertion; Ida M. Can
ning from M. X Canning: on the ground
i fit desertion.
THEY HELD
A SECRET
CAUCUS
Budd, Buckley and
Phelan Form a
Combination.
ARE MAKING UP THE SLATE
THE CITY AND COUNTY COMMIT-
TEE IS THEIRS.
Plans Intended for the Defeat of
Maguire and the Promotion of
the Mayor's Political
Ambitions.
The men who are to rule the destinies of
the new Democratic City and County Com
mittee met in secret caucus yesterday and
began the making up of the slate that in
due time will be handed out to the public
as the true expression of the will of the
local Democracy.
Other things than the preparation of a
slate were developed at the back-door
meeting. There no longer remains a doubt
that the Democratic party, through the
new governing body brought Into exist
ence by McNab, Gould and Alford. has
fallen into the hands of a combination
composed of Governor Budd, Mayor Phe
lan and Boss Buckley.
The fact that such a combination was
formed was suspected by shrewd poli
ticians when Buckley Joined with Phelan
to secure the adoption of the new char
ter, and Budd, as a member of the com
mittee having In charge the pacification of
the local Democracy, went back on the
Rainey-Uarney faction and pooled Issues
with the powers that brought the pres
ent City and County Committee into exist
ence. This suspicion became a certainty
yesterday when the controlling spirits in
the new committee met secretly to perfect
a plan of campaign.
The first business to be determined was
the permanent organization of the City
and County Committee. This was speedily
disposed of. It being decided that at the
meeting to be held this evening John P.
Dunn shall be elected chairman. Since
Dunn graduated from the sand lots un
der the tutelage of Denis Kearney he
has been a persistent office-seeker and has
established for himself a reputation that
commends him to such politicians as now
have control of the governing body of the
local Democracy.
The secretary of the committee is to be
Thomas Walsh, a member of the Iroquois
Club and one of Phelan's most ardent
supporters. An attempt was made to in- I
duce Harry Kelly to become a
for the position, but he was apprised of
the fact that his candidacy wa.s desired
for no other purpose than to give to the
proceedlngo the semblance of a contest,
so he gracefully declined the honor.
Some progress was made in the prepa
ration of a local slate, but for obvious
reasons the work of the caucus in this
direction was limlu-d. The nomination of
Harry Creswell for the office which he
now holds was decided upon. Ex-Senator
Pinder is to get the nomination for Coun
ty Recorder and Tax Collector Bloch is
to be given an opportunity to be re-elect
ed to the office which he now holds.
There was a difference of opinion as to
who should be given the nomination for
Public Administrator, and for the pres
ent the place is still open. It was agreed,
however, that no matter who the nominee
may be M. C. Hassett is to secure the ap
pointment as attorney for the official ,
when he shall be nominated and elected, j
Superior Judges Wallace and Seawell, >
whose terms expire with the present year,
are to be tendered a renomination.
So far as the office of Auditor is con
cerned Phelan is firm in his determina
tion that Broderick shall be left off the
list of eliglbles. Who the lucky man is to
be has not yet been agreed upon, but it
will not be Broderick.
This is as far as the new Democratic !
dictators have gone with the local slate.
As to what part the new powers are to
take in State politics there seems to he
an entire unanimity. The chiefest con
sideration, and one upon which all are I
agreed, Is the defeat of Maguire. Not j
only are the Congressman's late guber
natorial aspirations to be nipped in the
bud, but the powers have decreed that he
shall even be defeated for the Congres
sional nomination. To attain the first
named object Phelan is to be put for
ward as the Democratic candidate for
the place at the head of the ticket and
every effort will be made to secure for
him the nomination. To prevent Maguire
from securing the Congressional nomina
tion another plan has been agreed upon.
This Is to hold the Congressional conven
tion before the State convention, con
trary to the ordinary custom, anil to give !
the nomination to another man, possibly ]
Joseph Kelly. The success of this scheme
depends upon }ts secrecy, the motive of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Mtvong AHcrtloni m to Jut What
the Remedies) Will Do..
■ jsj[r^^*t- Munyon guarantees .
/ SkfiSffif: Bs=^*l^ that bis Rb'-tmmMein
StsSaMAtgnSlnk Cure will cure neH'ly
&&tSE&IuIBaL "■' eases of rheuroa-
RKp^^^'WgiSJ tlsm In a few hours;
£s2f IMw that Ills Dyspepsia t!ure
"*n d&sfsdi w '" cure ' n( JiB pst i° n an| i
fSf £SfKtu2ZM^? all stomach troubles;
W. ■^S^WH^ that his Kleiner Cure
'V ~ ffTiir ' will cure 00. per cent.
y*tf&&B of ell cases of kidney
V S-^feSF trouble; that bis Ca-
>nif» *TBJy tarrh Cure will cure
kj^ t 1 jfj^l^k catarrh no motter how
effiftJMfcl'Jgiralgtli long standing; that bis
Wj^t™pßß«^CT Headache Cure will cur*
•".I I ••-"■ War auy kind of headache In
" ' I f^ a few minutes; i that
1 bis I Cold Cure ' will
#__ -# —.« a ••%' quickly break op any
""Li. °° « mnfl TO on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
*JL r^ v eed Kedlca l *dTlce write Prof. Muayon.
1006 Arch St.. Phlla. It Is absolutely free.
Wright's Indian .Veietalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to curs
BICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid . Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. \ :
Grossman's Specific Mixture
: With this remedy ; persons ■ can : cure i them-
selves without the least exposure, < change of
diet or change in application to business. Th*
medicine contain* nothing : of the least I Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druMflat for it.
ffmlornKfllL UoUla. ,• v -,. ■.■ ■: ,-y -::-.. .- - . ■-■_ . _ • J
the plan being to keep Maguire In Ignor
ance of what is intended and secure in
the belief that If he fails to stampede the
convention in his behalf for Governor he
can then fall back on the Congressional
convention. By holding the Congressional
convention first the statesman will be
taken by surprise and he will not be left
a leg to stand on.
James H. Barry is to have the Con
gressional nomination in the Fifth Dis
trict. Hinton will be nominated for Rail
road Commissioner, and John H. Grady
will be put up as a candidate for a place
on the Board of Equalization.
Budd, Phelan and Buckley believe that
they are in a position to dictate their own
terms to the party, and there is little
doubt their ability to do so if they can
retain their hold on the new City and
County Committee. In this they have
the assistance of such able lieutenants as
McNab and Gould of this city. Fitzgerald
of Oakland and Corporal Braunhart. Al
ford will probably retire to the wilds of
Tulare County when he finds that he has
been made a catspaw of to haul the
chestnuts of more astute politicians out
of the fire. The report of the coming in
terview between Alford and his friend
Maguire would no doubt be Interesting
reading.
The McKinley Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the Mc-
Kinley Republican Club was held last night.
Addresses were made by E. J. Jackson A. L.
Pemus. J. T. Hawkins of Pasadena, William
Sampson of Los Angeles and several other
speakers. Hon. George Pardee was elected to
honorary membership. Quite a number signed
the roll.
The Olympia Club.
The Olympla Republican Club was perma
nently organized last Tuesday night at Cali
fornia Hall, 620 Hush street. Every seat in the
hall was occupied, and from the interest taken
by those present and the number of signers to
tlie roll, the assurance is that the club will be
one of Hie largest and best organized in the
city. The club effected temporary organiza
tion at the same hall on Tuesday evening, Mr.
31. Judge Severance delivered an able a.ldress
and was followed by John D. Kersey, A. P.
Wagner, I>avid Cam. George W. Adams and
others. The following are the officers elected:
President, James V. Hart; vice-presidents,
Harry Hackett. P. J. Walsh. W. C. K. Smith;
secretary. F. G. Robrecht; financial secretary.
J. D. Shay; treasurer, Angelo 1... Rrizzalaro;
sergennt-ut-arms, Charles Riordan; executive
committee (Incomplete), J. G. Shannon, James
E. Wilson, Manuel Sidlowskl, V. fpton, \V.
Poehlman. D. J. McCarthy. August, Kohler
and George R. Pidgeon. The club at its next
meeting will elect seven more to complete the
executive committee.
Alice Rix
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
HEARTY CO-OPERATION.
Chamber of Commerce Wants Sailing
Ships Inspected.
That the idea of having sailing vessels
properly inspected before they are al
lowed to carry passengers has taken the
fanoy of the Chamber of Commerce is
shown by the following communication
1 sent to the Board of Supervisors in an
swer to one informing the Chamber of
the appointment of a committee to pro
cure such legislation.
| John A. Russell Esq., Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors. San Francisco — Dear Sir: It Is
with rr.uch pleasure I acknowledge receipt of
your favor of the 7th lnst., In regard to taking
some action to restrict the practice of sending
out uns»aworthy vessels from this port.
I am directed by our president, Mr. Hugh
I Craig, to say that we are in hea/ty occerd
| With the movement for the furtherance if
which ycu have appointed a commute-; con
sisting of Messrs. Clinton, Morton and Lack
niann.
It !b only necessary to walk along the water
front south of Market street and see the class
of vessels advertised to sail for Alaskan points,
to have It impressed even upon the non-nauti
cal observer that many of them are unfit for
the trip, and should the vessels be seaworthy
In themselves, the manner In which cargo Is
placed on them renders them exceedingly dan
gerous. This Is not confined to new vessels,
but many of the new ones are so built and so
laden as to be entirely unfit for an ocean voy-
age.
We will be most pleased to co-operate with
your committee and the Collector of the Port
in endeavoring to stop this dangerous practice.
The next meeting of our Board of Trustees
will be held Tuesday, June 14, at 2 p. m.
Yours very truly, E. SCOTT,
Acting Secretary.
General Miles, com man der-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
Several species of moths never eat after
attaining a perfect state. They have no
mouths and live but a few hours.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3 0/
/O
Government
Loan.
- — —
Subscription Books
Are Now Open
, . AT THE , ,
First National Bank
NW. Cor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
Der)otT)inatloos of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100, $500 aod $1000
JUNE 4, 1898.
THE BANNER LINE
FROM
K- Drawn*
FORT SELKIRK «a
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14.
Also About duly 28.
THE POPULAR STEAMER
1 ' CLBVBL A.2STD. ■
(Capacity 1500 tons. Accommodations for S5O
Passengers.)
This steamer has been elegantly fitted up
for passenger service equal to any steamer on
this coast. Guaranteed speed 14 knots. > Con-
necting at St. Michael with the powerful
floating palace of the Yukon,
STEAMER MARY ELLEN GALVIN.
Length 200 feet, beam 40 feet, draft 18 Inches;
with accommodations for 435 passengers.
"QUEEN OF THE WEST," " RAMPART
CITY," BELLE ISLAND."
These steamers are the most powerful boat*
that have, been built for the Yukon. Electric
lighted throughout; with a 10, 000-candle power
searchlight; fitted with all . modern Improve-
ments. Table on all steamers ; unsurpassed.
Sailing dates of our other steamers later on.
For tickets/freight and full information call
on or address.
NORTH BRITISH-AMERICAN CO., LTD.,
• 305 Market St. Tel. Clay 202. -
Or J. G. McCALL, Gen. Pass, and Freight Agt.
46 Market st., Ban Francisco (one block from
ferry). ■ Tel. Drumm •3. : ,
A WONG WOO,
f^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
lUf 7 SANITARIUM,
\|jr^_ 764-66 CLA7 ST., Baa Frtneisoo.Otl.
WraSßPnVy All diseases cured exclualvo-
TRMZJjTjMip ly by Chinese herbs, over 3000
ff/ffi'f varieties being used! ADVICE
FREE. Hours, !»:S0 to 11 m.. 1 to 3 and 7to
>p. m. _;. -.: ■ ■ ■-. ..•.■■■ , --.■■■ ■■ ■-. ;; : -■- ;■- -;
IA/. X. HESS,
IfOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNKY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1016. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 93L ~ .
Residence. 821 v California street. , b«low
Powell, Baa Francisco. .
■'_ _ _ _-_ _ _ _■_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORCED
LIQUIDATION
SALE!
Every day finds new Bargains displayed in the
numerous departments of our vast stock as the various
lots of goods are brought forward for clearance at the
great sale now being held by PEREMPTORY ORDERS OF
THE TRUSTEES for the purpose of raising money TO AT
ONCE PAY OFF THE ENTIRE BALANCE OF OUR IN-
DEBTEDNESS, and among others we quote the following
Specially Heavy
Reductions To-day !
LADIESVWAISTS. MEN'S ;
50c LADIES' PERCALE AND FURNISHINGS '■
OUC GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS. T* I il W I II I «ll^
in checks and plaids, regular J. %J §\L 1 Ik/ 1111 1 VlkJ*
, price $1, will be piaced on sale
at 50c.
C 7 On eFhaNDSOME PLAID KG TT 8 T°vgS z^ T T s xn pIjT
«J)C»l/UsiLK WAISTS. lined all " W L , I , NP i N COLLARS, new shapes.
through, made in the latest odd sizes regular price *1 50 doz..
style, regular -price $8 50. will will be closed out at oc each.
beplaced_on sale at $7. . .92 boZEN~MBSTS FULL FTN-
&*T OH LADIES' HANDSOME * ?^ ISHED FANCY MIXED SOCKS.
<!> C BLACK SILK TAFFETA with double spliced heels and
WAISTS, full blouse, finished toes, regular price $1 50 doa.. will ,
with cluster of tucks and fine be closed out at 7&c pair.
Sffft^'o-;^!,}?. 50 ' 40c S..?? T^K?, ll^?££^f !
T i mrr>i r»/\¥¥T»Tr» BLOUSES, this season's goods, '
I AmFV fillW\^ -the celebrated K. & E. Brand.' 1 '
lv/il/ILJ Uv" J» will be closed out at 40c each. '
50c LADIES' EMPRICE V™ 45C N^^U^^f B^T^Si "
*J\J\* MUSLIN GOWN, , neck and SHIRTS, made with double backs, '
sleeves and front of gown reinforced fronts and of Utica
trimmed with embroidery, will Nonpariel cloth, will be closed
_ be placed on sale at 50c. ■ out at 45c each !
HOSIERY. LADIES'
Oflr» 10 ° DOZEN LADIES' RICH- WTWW\ D rVWTTT*/ 1^
-4UC ELIEU AND FINE RIBBED 1/ I1 1 tw9 111/B^W
IMPORTED TAN COTTON Ml 1 S IllVt^^
SSSk&tf P a?r- wm be *UV UL^ V " L»3*
$1.50 fV^?!* sJl^ose?^ 50c :os;slc^l: o s ;s 1 c^Is WA nIS AB V E
lllCal^lT'be^d^^To
p a l r r ,,~' closed out at oOc a pair.
LADIES'UNDERWEAR. 65c 25 DOZEN LADIES' 2-CLASP
LADIES' UNDERWEAR. , 5c G £^&^rs
65c a pair. .
AV^c' 200 DOZE >«' LADIES' FINE j Jyej^ 49 DOZEN LADIES' 4-BUTTOV
4OC WHITE MERINO VESTS. 75C -DORENA" REALKID GLOVES
high neck and long sleeves n medium shades of tan also
and high neck and short black (odd sizes), former price
eleeves, also drawers to match, > $1 25. will be closed out at 75c a
worth 75c each, will be on sale pair.
* at 4."c ; '
P.'MUiJML — '
corsets. RIBBONS.
HUE 1 50 Dozen odd sizes In COR-
UALr SETS, in black, gray and
DDirE white, by the best makers; Q££r» 1200 YARDS FANCY CASHMERE
rHiWE also Corset Waists, all of AOW AND BROCADED RIBBONS,
which will be sold for half value 750 yard, will be closed out
price. • at 25c.
{/If • Murphy Building, * {/if Murphy Build f
Market anil Jones Streets. Market anfl Jones Streets. !
85 Cents.
X LUCKY ARE YOU ~X
4. IF YOU HAVE SMALL FEET. CAN x.
you wear a number 2^s, 3 or 3%? We
>• are closing these sizes out In Ladles' +
. Best Quality Tan Kid Button Shoes, i
"* with either cloth or kid tops, narrow "*
4- coin toes and tips and pliable soles. -4-
Sale price 85c a pair; . regular price .
+ $2 50. Do you wear a ladles' size No. "♦"
a 7or 7%? We are selling those sizes in .x.
~ the same grade of shoes at the same
+ price, Ssc. ■ . ' - ; ■■. ;:.. :.-f
+ /SOf* Special bar- .f
*-'*-'*■''• , gain in babies' _]
"^" shoes— lnfants' "t"
"^■''K-:i KiT^FSsL finest quality .a.
"♦" if^A^^lil Royal Kid 4
+ ■ ) • j colored Kid •+
. PM^^ml Button Shoes,
4- ms^osgEb. cloth either "*"
+■ JBHBff!BBa cloth or khl ■+
"*" jraTOm tops, hand- >
"*" *J'Wl>3B^ turned soles, "▼
"4" ftfc^SjSRJTT^^L medium square 4,
•♦■ without spring -f
■f- : '^'*v heols " 6 - Sale "♦■
4- S >«ii£*i|Silte^B» Price, 6O0; sold -f
. ""«*43^^^Sffi^ regularly for _.
'"*";' "We Do Not Guarantee to Fill Country
■♦- Orders. 1 -4»
a Send for Illustrated Catalogue. a
X B. KATCHINSKI, X
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,, ♦
X 1 0 THIRD ST., : San Francisco. X
• ■»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for . the sexual and urinary  organs . of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigorator and . Nervine. Sells on Its owu
Merits : no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
128 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
0 00000000000000009
o™ PALACE *«"§
%CRAND HOT
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
_ ...Crnn»>tifu oy .. lIH-SIC'WIIT. _
« 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohsd. **
O < -a». U NDEH; One MANAOBiUS^ O
O NOTE THE PRIOJJ3: . -.: , O
q European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward f%
*[ American Plan. S3. OO per day »nd upward ■*
O Corret>pond»nc» -Solicited. 1 O
O JOHN 0. KIEKPATRIOK, i Kuipr. Q
OOOO OOOO OOOQ
STATEMENT
OF THE ■ }
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY M CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York, in the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1897.
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of,
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner: _-
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
I cash $ 250,000 00
ASSETS.
; Real estate owned by company $ 688,448 7$
j Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,649.952 50
Cash in company's office 88,801 00
| Cash in banks 88.019 73
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2,016 67
I Rents accrued 1.640 SO
Premiums in due course of collection 400,221 54
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash In
company's possession) 21.495 41
Total assets .$2,790,530 61
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed $ 18.470 01
| Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 106,28t 41
Losses resisted, $301,475 of which is
for the insured 838.643 61
I Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less. $2,859,874 16; relnsur-
j ance 50 per cent .'.. 1,439.937 Oft
I Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year. $296,917 34; re-
insurance pro rata 163.960 91
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 15,897 00
Total liabilities $2,077,991
• INCOME.
, Net cash actually received for Pre-
miums .................U,Hi.2a 2$
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 68,140 It
Received for rents 68.213 IS
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.862 50
Total income $3,080,560 IS
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,453,501 13
Dividends to stockholders 45.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 763,924 04
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 131.127 U
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 60.231 U
All other payments, and expenditures 450.165 97
Total expenditures $2,923.949 33
GEO. F. SEW ARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLARY Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3d
day of February. 1898.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT. '
S.C.PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE ' BUILDING. .
San Francisco. California.
i
I RPTTQWTTQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDAUOIIIIO ers - bootblacks, bath-
. - :,: -houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, i canners.
dyers, fiourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, : tanners, tailors, . eto.
„ v „ BUCHANAN BROS.,
1 Bruflh Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
•-. . " ■ ' "7- '"■" ■-.- y