VOLUME LXXXIII.--^O. 88.
TALKING OF INDEMNITY,
PREPARING FOR WAR
STATESMEN
FEARFUL OF
THE WORST
CONGRESS
IS PREPARED
FOR ACTION
McKjnley Does Not War>t
to Move UQtil Offi
cially Advised.
If Spain Will Not Own Her Fault
and Punish the Guilty There
Will Be Resort to
Arn)S.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The President
fully realizes the great importance of the
situation and of what might be the conse
quences in case the Board of Inquiry finds
that the Maine was blown up by some overt
act. To that end the administration is
making all necessary preparations for any
contingency.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Washington special
says: The Herald's Havana dispatches this morning
have convinced Congress as well as the administration
that there is no longer any doubt the Maine was destroyed
by the explosion of a mine beneath her keel. Members
of both houses discussed this development to-day and the
question as to what reparation the United States ought to
demand from Spain. It was evident from the discussion
that the administration may have difficulty in satisfying
Congress with any basis of settlement involving merely
monetary consideration, unless it is accompanied by in
formation that the Spanish Government has tried and
executed the persons responsible for the disaster.
There are conservative men in both houses who advise
standing by the administration and consenting to settle
ment by the payment of heavy indemnity, and these
conservative men include some of the most influential
leaders in both houses. When it comes to a test these
men of influence and conservatism will probably be able
to restrain Congress from taking the matter out of the
hands of the President and passing a declaration of war,
but just now there is considerable belligerent talk.
Up to the present time the House Committee on
Foreign Relations has stood by the President without
wavering through all his Cuban policy, and it is therefore
significant that those members of that committee with
whom I talked to-day, without exception, are inclined to
think that a money indemnity will not satisfy Congress
or the people of the United States. These gentlemen
will not be quoted by name, as the matter may come be
fore their committee in some way, and they do not wish
to commit themselves publicly in advance of official in
formation, but their views can be summarized as being
that if the Maine was blown up by a mine under control
of the military authorities of Spain it was a prima facie
• act of war and that the burden of proof is upon Spain to
show that it was not.
The opinion is that a mere disavowal will not be
enough to satisfy the United States, that it was not a
hostile act, but that as some one in the Spanish service
The San Francisco Call
MEN FOR THE NOVY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.—
One of the results of the Cab
inet meeting to-day was that
Secretary Long wrote and will
send to Chairman. Boutelle of
the House Naval Committee
to-morrow a letter asking for
legislation authorizing the
enlistment of 1500 additional
men for the navy. This num
ber of men will enable the de
partment to place in commis
sion the double turreted mon
itor Miantonomoh and the
triple screw cruisers Minne
apolis and Columbia, all of
which vessels are now in re
serve at League Island Navy
Yard.
The regular annual naval
appropriation now being com
pleted by the House Commit
tee provides for nearly 1000
additional men, but if Con
gress acts on the Secretary's
recommendation he will not
wait for the passage of that
bill for more men.
was responsible for the mines
in Havana harbor it is the
duty of Spain to speedily fix
the responsibility and exe
cute the criminals.
Whether Spain will pay
the heavy indemnity that
will be demanded, disavow
the act and execute its per-
petrators is a matter about
which the members of the
I committee are doubtful.
1 Men are beginning to speak
plainly about the possibility
of war, and Representative
Hull of lowa, chairman of
the Committee on Military
Affairs, who is a conserva
tive Republican, expressed
the average sentiment of the
House well to-day when he
said :
"It all depends upon
whether the verb 'to blow' is
active or passive. If the
Maine blew up the matter
is settled and there is noth
ing to say. If the Maine
was blown up it is war."
NEW YOBK, Feb. 25.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: In the light of
the Herald's exclusive cable from
Havana this morning showing clear
ly that the Maine's keel was blown
upward, few persons in 'Washington
still cling to the theory that the de
struction of the ship was accidental.
Reluctant as they are to believe that
the terrible disaster was due to
treachery, the authorities have al
most ceased to talk about the acci
uent theory and are now discussing
what methods can be followed to de
termine just how the outside explo
sion occurred and what kind of de
mand is to be made upon Spain.
Fully appreciating the gravity of
the whole question, the President, of
course, will wait for the final con
clusion of the Court of Inquiry be
fore making a definite move.
The Cabinet devoted two and one
half hours to discussing every phase
of the question and all possible con
tingencies, even that of war, and our
condition to meet it. When the Cab
inet had adjourned, I was assured by
two of the members that there was
nothing official concerning the cause
of the disaster before the Cabinet be
yond what had already been made
public, and that the President and all
of his advisers are waiting for the
resort of the Court of In&uiry before
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
expressing any opinion officially.
They all continue to urge patience on
the part of the public until all pos
sible evidence be obtained and sooer
ly considered.
The only result of the Cabinet
meeting may be said to be this: No
efforts are to be spared to ascertain
the cause of the disaster in Havana
harbor and in the meantime the
United States is to be prepared for
any eventuality. Proceeding on the
assumption that the report of the
Court of Inquiry will show that the
Maine was blown up by some ex
terior agency, the Cabinet discussed
the possibility of getting further evi
dence to determine the exact charac
ter of that agency. There is no doubt,
as previously stated in the Herald,
that if the report of th* Court of In
quiry shows an outside explosion,
Spain will be held responsible wheth
er the exact character of the explo
sion is fully determined or not. Much
will depend, however, upon whether
the disaster occurred through the
medium of a torpedo, a mine, or
some other implement of war under
the control of the Spanish Govern
ment, in fixing the degree of respon
sibility.
It is for this reason that every
possible effort will be made to ascer
tain the real cause, although the dif
ficulty of getting exact evidence as
to the character of the explosion is
fully appreciated. The authorities
have been discussing the possibility
of getting at the exact conditions by
building a cofferdam around the for
ward part of the ship.
Mr. Cramp, the well-known ship
builder, has expressed the opinion
that this will be necessary in order
to raise the wreck and the question
is being discussed whether, if this
were done, any signs of a mine could
be discovered. All of this, of course,
would take* time, but if it ga^e any
promise of establishing a definite re
sult the President, in his desire to
judicially examine and carefully
weigh every scrap of evidence that
can he obtained, would be willing to
forego his final conclusion until it
could be done.
Once he is thoroughly convinced
that an implement of war under con
trol of the Spanish Government
caused the disaster it can be definite
ly stated that the President will
make a demand upon Spain which
will satisfy the American people, and
without positive evidence as to the
exact character of the outside explo
sion it is fully the purpose of the ad-
ministration to hold Spain respon
sible.
The nature of the demand to be
made upon Spain was one of the ques
tions discussed at to-day's cabinet
meeting, but of course the discussion
was on more or less hypothetical
grounds. There was no disposition,
however, on the part of the admin
istration to consider the destruction
of the Maine a hostile act unless
Spain chose to make it so by her fu
ture course.
Grave as the question is, the Pres
ident did not .consider it beyond set
tlement through the medium of an
indemnity if Spain could be made to
see our demands in the proper light.
Accepting the extreme theory, that
the vessel was blown up by a mine
under the control of the Spanish Gov
ernment, the conclusion has been
reached that the most vigorous de
mand for complete reparation in the
form of indemnity, apology and the
execution of the guilty persons if
they can be found will be made. The
indemnity demanded will be large.
Administration officials yesterday
spoke of ten millions of dollars as
the least amount that could be con
sidered. Discussion at the Cabinet
meeting to-day, however, developed
the fact that the demand would be
much larger than this. The price of
the vessel will be considered a com
Vessels of the United States Fleet OFf Fort JefFerson, Dry Tortugas.
f nn tinned oti. 9 V*^i. '
COURT OF INQUIRY
HAS NEARLY ENDED
ITS HAVANA SESSION
No Longer the Slightest Heasor) to Doubt That It
Has Beer) AscertaiQed the Maine Was De
stroyed as the Result of ar) Out
side Explosion.
CopyrlßhtPd, IK>B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 25.— The court of
inquiry to-night is still In Havana har
bor, but is ready to move to Key West
at a moment's notice. Instead of com
ing ashore this evening, as usual, all
the members have remained on board
the Mangrove. Whether or not any
evidence will be taken here to-morrow
is not yet certain, but it is reasonably
safe to state that Monday's opening ses
sion will be held at Key West.
To-day the court's time was devoted
almost exclusively to hearing the re
ports of the Navy Department divers.
One or two other witnesses were heard,
but their stories were of little impor
tance.
Greater reserve than ever was ob
served as to the character of the testi
i mony elicited from the divers, but there
is no reason to believe that anything
was learned to-day to alter materially
the testimony already taken from simi
lar sources.
One of the gratifying results of to
day's submarine work was the recovery
in comparatively good condition of the
' paymaster's safe, containing about
$25,000. This Was accomplished by
divers of the naval vessels here this
afternoon.
Great interest is felt here in the ex
pected arrival of the Vizcaya, and it is
not unlikely that her arrival may be
made the occasion for some sort of
spontaneous demonstration of Spanish
patriotism.
The cruiser Alfonso XIII was towed
by tugs to-day from her previous moor
ings near the wreck of the Maine to a
point about half a mile further up the
harbor in order to make room for Cap
tain Eulate's vessel.
Commercial circles express unusual
interest in a brief dispatch in local pa
pers here to-day announcing an un
usual fall in stocks in Wall street, and
there have been many inquiries for fur
ther particulars.
READY TO LEAVE
HAVANA HARBOR.
The Board of Inquiry Will Soon Be
on the Way Back to the Soil.
of America.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. Feb. 25. — On board the
Mangrove this afternoon all signs indi
cated the early departure of the Board
of Inquiry for Key West. While the
board was taking a recess at 2 o'clock a
Spanish barge came alongside bearing
a Spanish senior lieutenant, who in
quired for Captain Sigsbee. He evi
dently came as the official representative
of the Spanish admiral. The messenger
expressed Admiral Manterolas' parting
greetings to the members of the board,
and he and Captain Sigsbee chatted
pleasantly in English for about ten
minutes.
Moored to the stern of the Mangrove
has floated for a week a large lighter,
into which have been tossed bits of
.useless wreckajc£._shattered. .soars, frajfcj
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE KNEW
OF THE SHIP'S DANGER.
1898, by James Gordon Bennett
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Key West (Fla.) special to the
Herald says private advices received by steamer from Ha
vana to-day state that despite Spanish opposition the two
American divers employed by the naval authorities on the
wreck of the 111-fated Maine, while pretending to be engaged
solely in the work of rescuing the bodies and the effects of the
officers and men from the hold, have obtained evidence that
proves beyond a doubt that the Maine was blown up from the
outside. The divers have been before the Board of Inquiry
and, while the sessions are held in secret, enough has come
out to create the impression that their testimony reveals the
fact that the Maine was blown up by a submarine mine.
Captain Sigsbee, it is said, was aware of the fact that his
ship had been moored over a mine and had so notified the au
thorities at Washington and had also informed them that
the bottom of Havana harbor was a perfect network of tor
pedoes, a buoy marking the spot where each was located.
The harbor, it is alleged, was so protected by torpedoes at
the time when belligerency talk became rampant in Congress.
The mines are connected with electrical wires and are worked
by a keyboard located in the arsenal in the navy-yard.
The impression prevails in Havana that the mine was ex
ploded by some friend of the Weyler administration with a
view of injuring the Blanco Government.
ments of some of the Maine's boats,
smashed sea-chests and a ton or more of
other debris. Captain Sigsbee has no
more use for this rubbish, and as his vis
itor was departing Captain Sigsbee,
through the lieutenant, requested that
the Spanish admiral would kindly dis
pose of this accumulated rubbish.
"Have it burned," said the captain,
"or give it to Havana's poor for kin
dling wood."
The lieutenant promised, the two offi
cers saluted with courteous smiles, and
the Spaniard walked down the gangway
to his boat.
Almost beneath his feet as he stood
on the deck the Naval Board had again
resumed its probing of. the problem be
fore it. Anticipating possible departure
to-night. Captain Sampson sent dis
patches to-day to Captain Forsythe at
Key West in reference to the officers'
mail coming by the Plant line steamers.
The divers of the Wrecking Com
pany's tug are under the direct supervi
sion of Lieutenant-Commander Wain
wright. inside the Maine. They hoped
to-day to recover all the bodies still
remaining in the wreck. There are be
lieved to be fifty or sixty still impris
under the mountain of wreck that
covers the berth decks. Orders were
sent ashore for lumber and preparations
made to construct a float, from which
the divers were to get to work imme
diately.
Father Chadwick, whose splendid
work has won him golden opinions
alike from Americans and Spanish, is
most anxious to recover the last of the
bodies of the boys he loved so well.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The wreckers' assistants were ready in
their boat and a detachment was waiting
on the black bodied death barge that
floats near the Fern.
The chaplain learned, however, that at
4 o'clock it would be impossible to get
the lumber in time to get to work to
night, so he was rowed ashore dissap
pointed, only to resume with radiant
face his task of ministering to the few
injured survivors who still remain un
der his care in Havana.
Lientenant-Commander Wainwright
told me this evening that a float would
be constructed early to-morrow, and be
fore Sunday he hoped the last of the
Maine's dead would be recovered.
One of the divers' barges was
moored to-day directly over the location
of the forward six-inch magazine and
that portion of the ship was being sub
jected to another careful inspection.
Lieutenant-Commander Wainwright,
Ensign Powelson, Gunner Morgan and
others of the Maine's men came aboard
the Mangrove and were consulted by
the officers of the Board of Inquiry-
Gunner Morgan, who has had espe
cially under his supervision the work of
divers directly above the forward maga
zines, carried a huge bmidle of blue
prints and diagrams, which seemed to
be guarded most jealously,\and was
promptly turned over to the qistody of
the Board of Inquiry.
Within pistol-shot rises ttte fire
scarred mainmast of the Maine, arid just
forward of the mast is that hideous
mound of upheaved metal that is still
the only monument above the bodiea of
three score of their comrade*2
NOW GETTING THE ARMY AND NAVY
BOSTON IS AT
THE MERCY OF
THE SPANIARDS
Secretary Long Urged by Massa
chusetts Congressmen to Send
a Warship to Protect
the Harbor.
• BOSTON, Feb. 25.— 1n the interests of Boston the Boston Traveller
to-day sent the following telegram to every Massachusetts representa
tive in Congress:
"To allay the anxiety of a million citizens of Boston and vicinity
will you urge Secretary Long to order a warship to the protection of
Boston's nearly defenseles harbor? TOREY E. WARDNER,
Boston, Mass., Feb. 25, 1898. "Manager Boston Traveller."
The Traveller says: "Boston is unprotected in case of war. A war
ship is needed at once to defend the city and harbor. A single Span
ish warship could in a single day destroy the city. Not a single effect
ive means of defense is at hand. An enemy's ship-of-war could shell
the city from outside Boston Light. The harbor defenses could do but
little in return. A United States warship should be stationed off the
approaches to Boston harbor. Experts say that here is where the real
stand in defense of Boston harbor would be made. It is absolutely
necessary that the Navy Department send a, battle-ship to protect the
harbor, especially outside Boston lightship. The nearest American
warship to Boston is now in New York harbor, and Boston is practical
ly defenseless, notwithstanding the fact that there are powerful bat
teries scattered about inside the harbor. The lightship is only eight
miles from the wharves, so that it is possible for a Spanish vessel to
throw shells from outside and cause irreparable damage to property
and a great loss of life. The batteries at Winthrop, situated about
six or seven miles from Boston Light, would only be able to protect
the inner harbor. The mortars would throw shells about on the out
side without any definite range. Fort Warren and the guns that are
now being placed on the extreme end of Long Island would also pro
tect the inner harbor to a great extent and prevent foreign vessels
from running through the Narrows Into President Roads. t The guns at
both places could be trained upon any vessel making such an attempt
with sreat success. As far as the inside harbor is concerned, Boston is
in a fairly good condition to meet a foe. but the whole trouble will be
experienced in moving battle outside the light. The fact that the
city is unprotected within ten miles of the wharves is giving business
men in this city much concern. The average range of the Spanish
warship guns is about ten miles. One of her vessels by maneuvering
about could keep discharging shells with terrible effect upon the city
of Boston. There is no question in the minds of a majority of Boston
men, who know the harbor thoroughly, that the matter is an ex
tremely serious one. Some action should be taken immediately to
have at least one war vessel on or around Boston or within a few
hours' sail of the harbor. It is not impossible for a Spanish warship
to make its appearance suddenly in the harbor. It could demand a
nation's ransom from wealthy Boston."
How a single man escaped alive from
beneath that towering pile of crushed
iron and steel is marvelous, yet Shea, a
coal passer, was down in the berth
deck, in the very bowels of the doomed
ship, when the explosion occurred.
Two other decks were between him and
the stars.
"How ever did you escape. Shea?"
Chaplain Chadwick asked him the other
day.
"Indeed, I can't say, your Reverence," i
said Shea. I knew nothinsr till I found
myself swimming, but in faith I think,
asking your Reverence's flardon, that I
must be an armor-piercing projectile."
TALK INDEMNITY,
PREPARE FOR WAR
Continued from First Page.
paratively minor matter as compared
with the demand for indemnification
of the Government for the slaughter
of its officers and seamen. The least
figure now talked about is twenty
five million dollars.
The. possibility of Spain complying
with the demands of the United
States was also a subject of discus
sion. This, the authorities all con
sider, is the real danger point in the
controversy. If a cfash comes be
tween the two countries over the
Maine disaster, it is now generally
considered that it will be over Spain's
refusal to make prompt compliance
with the President's demands.
It will necessarily be some days
before this point is reached and in
the meantime there may be some un
foreseen contingency to provoke a
rapture in our relations with Spain
before there is chance for a settle
ment of the Maine catastrophe
through the medium of diplomacy.
The authorities earnestly hope
that no such emergency may arise
and that Spain -will be quick to make
reparation for the terrible loss the
United States has suffered, but as a
part of prudence no one can deny
that the administration is fully alive
to the possibilities of the situation
and that preparations are going on
for any emergency.
TELEGRAPH OPERATORS
ORDERED TO FLORIDA.
The Government Is Covering Every
Point Along the Threat
ened Coast.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— Twenty-seven
telegraph operators have been sent to
Key West during the last two days by
the Western Union Company. The os
tensible purpose of sending so many op
erators to that point is to handle in
creased matter that is coming from Ha
vana. That this purpose is not the real
one 1b obvious from the fact that there
are not enough wires at Key West to
give employment to so many operat
ors. There are only two submarine
wires from Key West north to Jack
sonville, Fla. Ten operators are more
than sufficient to handle all matter sent
over those wires. What, then, Is the
object of sending so many men to a
point where they cannot but be in the
way of one another?
The reply comes from Washington
In the way of an official utterance by
an official who Is qualified to know.
"The Government," says the person, i
•"has realized that something may
break loose at any moment now be
tween the United States and Spain,
and, in order not to be caught napping,
13 covering every important point
along the Florida coast. About 150
telegraph operators have been ordered
to these points, and those sent during
the last two days were the advance
guard of that number."
FRENCH FORCE LANDS
AT KWAN-CHUEN-WAN.
Has Informed the Chinese That It
Means to Erect Build-
ings.
LONDON, Feb. 26.-A dispatch to the
Dally Mail from Singapore pays: It is
reported from Chinese sources at Hong
kong that a French force has landed at
Kwan-Chuen-Wan, 240 miles southwest of
Hongkong, and informed the Chinese
that it intends to erect buildings.
HENRY CLAY CORBIN, the New Adjutant General
United States Army.
The President has nominated Colonel Henry Clay Corbin to be adjutant
general of the army, to succeed General Samuel Breck, who was retired
yesterday on account of age. General Corbin is a native of Ohio and en
tered the volunteer service at the age of is. For gallant and meritorious
services during the war he was promoted through the various grades to the
rank of brevet brigadier general. He participated with his regiment in all
its marches, campaigns and engagements, including the battles of Pulaski
Decatur and Nashville. On the 11th of May, 1866, he was appointed second
lieutenant in the Seventeenth Infantry; in July of the same year he was an
pointed captain in the Thirty-eighth Infantry, and in November 1869 he was
transferred tp the Twenty-fourth Infantry. On June 16. 1880, General Cor
bin was appointed major and assistant adjutant general. General Corbin
has served on the staffs of Generals Henry J. Hunt. Schofield, Terry Crook
and Miles. His huge frame, erect carriage and handsome face are familiar
to every one who has seen him at the head of Presidential inaugural pro
cessions and other great parades. He was with President Garfleld when he
was shot, and- was at his bedside at his death. General Corbin is one of the
youngest brigadier generals in the army, as he will not reach the age of re
tlrement until September, 1906.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2(5, 1898.
PREPARATIONS
FOR WAR GO ON
That the Government
Is Preparing for the
Worst Is Evident.
Transportation Facilities an
Important Factor in the
Arrangements.
Railroad and Coal Companies Offered
Bonuses for Making Prompt
Deliveries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG. Feb. 25.— The Post to
morrow will say: That the United
States Government is preparing to
meet any exigency that may arise by
reason of the investigation of the Maine
disaster is beyond dispute, and the fact
that the proper authorities have just
placed contracts for the delivery of
300,000 tons of coal at the different
coaling stations of the war vessels of
this country in the West Indies and
along the Florida coast is further evi
dence that the Washington authori
ties see the trouble with Spain in sight
and are getting ready to meet the is
sue squarely.
It was learned in Plttsburg through
an officer of one of the largest coal cor
porations doing business in this dis
trict that the Navy Department had
closed contracts with the incorporated
firm of Gaster. Curoan & Billett of
Philadelphia for the delivery at Key
West, Sand Keys, Dry Tortugas, Sa
vannah, Charleston and Fortress
Monroe of 250,000 tons of Pocahontas
coal and with the Rhodes & Birdler
Coal Company of Cleveland for the de
livery of 50,000 tons of the Goshen coal
of that company.
The stipulations of the contracts just
placed are that the coal so ordered
shall be delivered at the designated
coaling stations as soon as it is possi
ble to do so, and that the utmost se
crecy be observed about the matter.
In carrying out these contracts the
railroads play a most prominent part,
and for the purpo.se of moving every
thing as expeditiously as possible
President N. E. Ingalls of the Ches
apeake and Ohio Railroad, Charles G.
Murray of the Baltimore and Ohio,
and General Manager L. F. Loree of
the Pennsylvania went to Washing
ton and consulted with Secretary Long
of the Navy and Assistant George D.
Meiklejohn of the War Department on
the matter. Contracts and all ar
rangements for the rapid handling of
the coal were made, and the Govern
ment, it is understood, is to pay a
bonus to both the coal miners and the
railroads if the 300,000 tons are de
livered within a specified time.
WOODFORD'S TOAST
TO THE QUEEN REGENT.
Upon Giving a Dinner to Minister
Bernabe, Uncle Sam's Repre
sentative Talks for Peace.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennptt.
MADRID, Feb. 25.— Minister Wood
ford'9 words last evening at the din
ner to Senor Polo de Bernabe were in
the name of the President and people
of the United States.
"I wish him," said the Minister, "a
safe voyage and assure him of a most
cordial welcome by my Government at
Washington. I drink to peace. May
peace always be and abide between the
land of Columbus and that new
land- beyond the sea which Columbus
gave to civilization and to the future."
Minister Woodford's speech, which
was purely spontaneous, had begun
thus: "My friends, I ask you to join
me in drinking the health of her Majes
ty, the Queen Regent of Spain. My
Government is especially gratified that
her Majesty has named as her repre
sentative to the United States our
friend and guest at this table, Senor
Polo de Bernabe. He will be thrice
welcome at Washington. His father, \
Admiral Polo de Bernabe, and his
wife's father, were long-honored repre
CHAPLAIN CHEDWICK OF THE MAINE.
sentatives from Spain, to the TJnited
States, and in the new Minister my
people will recognize a worthy repre
sentative of the historic nation of
Spain."
"CERTAINLY WE CAN
LICK 'EM/ SAYS BRYAN.
But the Nebraska Silverite Is Anx
ious That All Due Caution
Be Employed.
XEW YORK. F*b. 25.— A Topeka
(Kans.) special to the Herald says:
W. J. Bryan, who came to Topeka to
attend the annual banquet of the Kan
sas Democracy, is quoted by the To
peka State Journal to-night on the
Spanish situation as follows: "In my
opinion we should be slow to act in the
Maine affair, especially under the try
ing circumstances which confront us.
Another fact which in my mind impels
to exercise discretion in that official in
vestigation of the explosion is now
being made. The United States cannot
afford to be too hasty in this matter.
International questions are involved
and it would be a sad compliment to
our Government were we to openly
and maliciously bring about strained
relations by cur anxiety to locate the
responsibility of the Maine disaster.
"The proper policy in my mind is for
the United States Government to care
fully investigate the disaster, and, if
evidence tending to attach the respon
sibility where the people assert it prop
erly belongs, is found, then will it be
time for such action to be taken. Un
due haste at this time might involve us
in a disastrous conflict for which there
is no just cause. Let us find out first
where we are at, so to speak, and then
proceed in a proper direction and in a j
right manner. Nothing should be done
until th* investigation is completed."
Asked what he thought «theoutcome j
of the crisis would be, so far as it re- |
lated to a possible conflict with Spain, |
Mr. Bryan said:
"Politically or otherwise, the patriot- j
ism of the American people has never ;
been appealed to in vain. Don't you
think this correct?" he said, turning to
Judge A. M. Jackson, who stood near.
"Of course it is," said Judge Jack
son. "If there is war w e know who will
get licked, and it won't be the t'nited
States, either."
"Certainly we can lick them." said
Mr. Bryan as he turned to greet a del
egation of visiting Democrats.
LIEUTENANT DAVIDSON'S
LEAVE IS SHORTTENED
This Officer Will Probably Be Or
dered to Assist in the Defense
of New York Harbor.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Dcs Moines
special to the Herald says: Lieutenant
L. P. Davidson of the regular army,
ranking officer in command of the Lit
tle Rock (Ark.) post, has been in the
city several days visiting his brother.
To-night he received orders cutting off
the special leave of absence which had
been granted him and ordering him to
report to his command February 28.
He says he knows that other officers
have received similar orders.
Lieutenant Davidson was absent on
a special leave to perfect an inven
tion in the shape of an electrical de
vice for determining the* range of dis
tant objects and sighting large ord
nance. He is an expert in handling
heavy guns, and has received an inti
mation from the department that he
will be sent to Willets Point, N. V., to
assist in handling the defenses of New
York Harbor. He is acquainted with
the defenses of that city and harbor,
having had service there, and knows all
about secret and other defenses against
naval assault on the city.
Burned Sugar in His Furnaces.
VICTORIA, Feb. 25.— The British steam
ship Algonla, Captain Davis, arrived in
Esquimau harbor early this morning,
thirty-five days from Java, with a cargo
or raw sugar. Toward the latter part
of the trip, which was rough, the Algonia
ran short of coal, and Captain Davis, in
order to make port, fed the furnace from
his sugar cargo.
The Excelsior at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Fob. 25.— The steamship Ex
celsior, with 116 passengers for Copper
River, has Just arrived in this port from
San Francisco.
CABINET MEN
NOW GRAVE
President and Advisers
Realize th.c Serious
Situation*
At Their Meeting They Talked
Over the Prospect of War
With Spain.
When the Report of the Board of
Inquiry Is Received Decisive
Steps Will Be Taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 25.
After the Cabinet meeting to-day
Secretary Long said to The Call corre
spondent:
"There was a calm and deliberate
'discussion of Cuban affairs, growing
out of the Maine's explosion, but there
was no excitement, of course, and not
much anxiety expressed by any of the
President's advisers. In fact, the Presi
dent and several members of the Cabi
net smoked while they talked."
The fact that the President and sev
eral of his advisers "smoked while they
talked" may not be important in itself,
but Secretary Long seemed to think
that the publication of this fact would
go a long way toward allaying popu
lar excitement, and that the tobacco
burned by the President and his Cabi
net might be soothing to the public at
large. The public will not have to wait
much longer to learn the official opin
ion of the Maine disaster.
The President and Cabinet believe
that they will know the verdict of the
court of inquiry by Wednesday or
Thursday of next week.
That was probably the most interest
ing opinion resulting from the delibera
tions of the official directors of the
Government at their session to-day.
Every member of the Cabinet sur
rounded President McKinley when the
hour arrived for the Cabinet to meet.
The gravity of the situation is fully
recognized by every member and the
talk was along lines which cool-headed
statesmen take when emergency con
fronts them.
"Not a new fact was brought out."
said several members of the Cabinet
to The Call representative, but in con-
versation later each of these officials
manifested more anxiety than was cvi-
dent at the Cabinet session last Friday,
when every member expressed the
opinion that the explosion was an ac-
cident. The facts which are daily de
veloping, although unofficial, are mak
ing impressions upon the minds of the
big men who guide the administration.
The officials who a week ago. were con
fident of the accident theory have to
day made up their minds that they
may have to change their opinions be
fore a great while. It is said by one of
the President's closest friends that he
continues to hold the view that it was
an accident, but will be governed by
the report of the board of Inquiry.
MARINES ALWAYS
HELD IN READINESS.
Colonel Heywood, Commandant of
the Corps, Prepared for all
Emergencies.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— Colonel
Heywood, commandant of the United
States Marine Corps, said to The Call
correspondent to-night:
"I have received no orders to send
a company of marines to Key West
nor do I look for any. I understand'
however, that a detachment of marines
has been sent from Fort McPherson to
man the guns at Key West, in the line
TROOPS IN THE
SOUTH GETTING
READY TO MOVE
General Merritt Visits Fort Mc-
Pherson, and the Regulars
Receive Orders for
the Future.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— An Atlanta (Ga.) special to the Herald
says: General Wesley Merritt visited Fort McPherson and viewed
the Fifth Infantry to-day. A salute of thirteen guns was fired in his
honor and the usual official ceremony was observed. Afterward Gen
eral Merritt inspected the post. He was very guarded in his remarks
to reporters, saying that his orders absolutely forbid at this time a
discussion of matters connected with the army. He said his opinion
as an individual formed at first was that the explosion on the Maine
was an accident, and he had seen nothing to cause a change in that
opinion. He leaves here to-night f«r Savannah to inspect the fortifi
cations there, and goes thence to Key West and to other points on the
coast.
There are many reports as to the probable movement of troops
from Atlanta to the coast. Private soldiers are talking a good deal
and think they are going, but the officers say they have received no
orders to that effect. Colonel Cook has received an order cautioning
him to take extra care of ammunition, and as reported to the Herald
Wednesday, an order was received last Tuesday to hold two companies
in readiness to proceed at a moment's notice to Key West.
The arrival of General Merritt yesterday afternoon was regarded as
especially significant at this time, and as he went in secret conference
with officers of the post it was currently reported in the barracks last
night that orders to man the coast defenses would be promulgated to
day.
No orders to move have been made, however, though eight or ten
companies are now under special detail to be in complete readiness for
such orders should conditions make them necessary. Accordingly
Colonel Cook's conference with railroatl officials yesterday was with a
view to moving his men. With reference to the statement that the
railroads in the Southeast have filed with the War Department esti
mates.as to the number of men and munitions of war they could move
in a given time it develops to-day that these estimates were asked
for nine months ago, and secrecy was then cautioned by the depart
ment. The president of one of the largest railroads in the South, who
for this very reason declined to let his name be used, said to me to
day: "The War Department has in detail all information as to the
movement of troops, not only from Atlanta, but from all Southeastern
forts. Blanks were sent out nine months ago to railroad managers. I
received one. My blank referredto the movement of troops only to
the Atlantic and Gulf ports. We gave the information carefully, and
I presume it is on file at Washington."
of coast defenses that have taken the
attention of the department for some
time past."
When a Call representative arrived at
the marine barracks two companies ol
marines were on the drill ground prac
ticing the foreign movements. ''That
looks rather warlike, colonel," was
said. 
•'Yes; to the uninitiated that would
look as if war had been declared, but
that is but a daily. routine drill. Those
two companies are recruits and are
going through their regular daily prac
tice.
"How many marines are notv- sta
tioned in Washington?"
"Four companies. Two are stationed
down at the navy-yard and the other
two, which are composed mostly of re
cruits, are stationed here"
"In the event of an emergency how
soon would the marine corpri be pre
pared to move?"
"Within ten minutes. I always
keep the men ready. So frequently we
are called on for parades and escort
duty that I have made it a rule to be
ready all the time."
"Do you anticipate any trouble?"
"I cannot say that I do. I have no
orders to send any marines anywhere.
When the fleet sailed it carried its full
complement."
MONITOR TERROR
IN HAMPTON ROADS.
At the Navy Department It Is Said
the Vessel Has No Definite
Orders.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The moni
tor Terror is lying in Hampton Roads,
and it is said at the Navy Department
that she has no orders as yet. The im
pression is that she will remain in that
place, which is of great strategic value
in case of need, at least until the moni
tor Puritan is ready to take her place.
The Puritan is almost as big as the
Terror, being a 6000-ton vessel, very
little less than the Maine in size.
She carries 12-inch guns in her tur
rets, against 10-inch guns for the Ter
ror, and i 3 altogether the most formid
able double-turroted monitor in the
world in smooth water. This qualifi
cation does not mean that she s un
able to go to sea, but only that from
her great breadth and light draught
she is so susceptible to the wave mo
tion that It is difficult to make good
work with her guns in a seaway.
She is now having new furnaces fitted
to her boilers at the Norfolk Navy
Yard, the crowns of the furnaces hav
ing come down some time ago, owing t-j
the fact that the boilers are the same
that were built for her when she waa
originally laid down many years ago.
It is said at the Navy Department
that she will be ready for service on
March 4.
SAYS HAVANA HAS NO
SUBMARINE DEFENSE.
Spanish Minister Dubosc Declares
There Are No Mines in
the Harbor.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— 1n view of
the widely published report that the
harbor of Havana contained a system
of submarine mines, a statement
around which has centered the chief
public Interests in connection with the
Maine disaster, Senor Dubosc, Spanish
Charge d 1d 1 Affairs at Washington, to
night made to the Associated Press the
following statement, which, coming
from such a source, may be considered
as an official denial:
"I wish to state, on my own official
knowledge, that no mine exists inside
or outside of Havana Harbor; nor is
there any submarine defense of any
kitid. The report is so absolutely false
and ridiculous that it could only have
originated in the minds of those per
sons anxious to incite the evil passions
of both nations for their own miserable
ends. I consider the very suggestion of
such a thing an insult to Spain."
Dupuy De Lome Yet Talks.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 25.— Senor Dupuy
de Lome, who arrived here to-day on
the White Star line steamer Britannic,
is quoted as saying in an interview: "I
have decided not to speak on the sub
ject of my letter to Senor Canalejas.
I can say, however, that I have been
from the first the victim of misrepre
sentation.
"The news published in the American
papers and sent to this country and
my own was, from beginning to end,
made up of lies of the most infamous
character. The allegation in the
American papers that the terrible ex
plosion of the Maine was the outcome
of a Spanish conspiracy is, in my opin
ion, another instance of the reckless
manner in which newspapers in Amer
ica work upon popular prejudice."
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN
AT WILLETS POINT
The East River Entrance to New
York Is Now Being Made
invulnerable
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Brooklyn
Eagle to-day says: At Willets Point
precaution is being taken to make the
East River entrance to New York in
vulnerable. A so-called skirmish line
of torpedoes is projected from the Wil
lets Point shore across the channel to
Fort Schuyler. The torpedoes will be
anchored so close together that it may
be made impossible for a hostile vessel
to cross the line without being blown
up. The torpedoes will be connected
with electric wires, and to make doubly
sure that their plans cannot be frus
trated the engineers have arranged to
have batteries located at each
end of the line so that in case an
apparatus was used by the enemy to
sever the connecting wires and break
the circuit, the torpedoes still could
be exploded from either end of the
line. The channel is already protect
ed from the Willets Point shore to
the center of the channel by two
groups of submarine mines. Each
group of the mines consists of twenty
two torpedoes, the forty-four together
containing 1200 pounds of giant pow
der.
At Fort Schuyler, directly opposite
Willets Point, considerable engineer
ing work has been done. A torpedo
magazine and experimenting gallery
was recently completed. It is con
sidered the strongest magazine on any
United States fortification.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ?t&s\
"I Was Discouraged
With my sufferings from dyspepsia* for
over twenty years. There seemed to be
i a lump in my stomach all the time. I
i did not dare to eat meat or warm bread,
j and very; sparingly of vegetables.' I
! often went hungry because I knew I
' would suffer intensely with ;, distress if
i I satisfied my appetite. I read so much
■ of what Hood's Sarsaparilla had done
! for others that I decided to try it, and
soon realized its magic touch. The dis-
tress in my stomach decreased, my ap-
petite improved and my general health
jis very much better. I gained In
weight," and can now eat without' any
distress." MRS. B. W. BUMP.-Middle-
j boro, Mass.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is' America's Greatest Medicine. %l; P i x
for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.
Lowell, Mass. ' '.'.'.
Hnod'«! Pills are the best after-din-
noOllS fllia* ncr , p nis;. aid diges-
- • ■ • ,tlon; 25c, v - ,
DRUNKENNESS!
Morphine and. Opium Habits. ' Painlesn
treatment. Sixth" year j' 1000 cured ; low
est prices ; .write to-day for full oa'rtlcu
lars. ; Cut this out. • r • - ;^. ;.-... *""
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St.. S. P.IN SHAPE FOR ACTIVE HOSTILITIES.
PLANS OF
NAVAL MEN
FOR WAR
Important Steps Ordered
by Assistant Secre=
tary Roosevelt.
One of the Most Interesting
Matters Is the Preparation
of Auxiliary Cruisers
for Hostilities.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Emer
gency preparations of the most import
ant character yet attempted by the
Navy Department were formally de
cided upon to-day and necessary orders
carrying them out were issued by Chief
Acting Secretary Roosevelt. These pre
parations include:
First— Orders to vessels In different
parts of the world, looking to their bet
ter strategic disposition.
Second — Shipment of guns and
mounts for auxiliary cruisers from
the Washington foundry to the New
York Navy Yard, where in a few hours
they can be placed on board vessels of
the International Navigation Company,
Columbia Steamship Company, Red
"D" Steamship Company, and New
York and Cuba Mail Steamship Com
pany.
Third — Collection? of stores and com
pletion of repairs to cruisers Minne
apolis and Columbia, monitor Mianto
non>oh and ram Katahdin.
Fourth— Shijunt-nt to works of the
Herreshoffs of torpedo tubes and appli
ances and torpedoes for the torpedo
boats Talbot and Gwin, which will
shortly undergo their steam trials.
The authorities have given up all idea
of keeping secret the preparations
which are being made, and while de
clining to go into the details as to or
ders which are being given, it is gen
erally known what steps are being
taken to put the country in condition
to meet any emergency that may arise.
It has not been denied that orders have
been issued to vessels which entail
their movements to different points,
but what vessel? are affected and
where they go are questions which the
department officials decline to answer.
As the Herald has stated, the Asiatic
squadron is assembling at Hongkong,
f>oo miles away from the Philippines. It
is generally believed that before decis
ive action is taken by the administra
tion the cruiser San Francisco and
gunboats Bancroft and Helena will be
ordered home, it being appreciated that
these vessels would not be effective
against the armored cruisers of the
Spanish navy. The cruiser Cincinnati
and gunboat Castine will probably re
main at the Barbadoes until the arrival
of the Brooklyn at Santa Lucia, sixty
miles away, when Captain F. C. Cooke,
commanding the armored cruiser, will
communicate with Captain C. M. Ches
ter, senior officer commanding the Cin
cinnati and the Castine, and these three
vessels will then probably proceed to
La Guayra. where they will join the
gunboats Wilmington, Vicksburg and
Annapolis.
Quite a large number of guns and
mounts for auxiliary cruisers will be
chipped, commencing to-morrow, to the
Brooklyn Navy Yard. There are now
available for auxiliary cruisers forty
nine 4-inch, forty o-inch and forty-one
6-inch guns. There is also on hand
a large number of six and one pounder
guns and machine guns. The Herald
showed several days ago that the St.
Paul, St. Louis, New York and Paris
would require forty 6-inch guns, twenty
6-pounders and sixteen machine guns.
It is evident that these vessels could be
transformed into auxiliary cruisers
without delay.
The Advance and Alliance of the Co
lumbia Steamship Company will re
quire twelve 5-inch and twelve ma
chine guns. Twenty-eight 5-inch guns
would thus be left, and eight of these
would be placed on board the Segur
ance, Vigilencia and Concho. A total
of eighty 4-inch guns will be needed to
equip the remaining vessels which
would be available for duty as auxil
iary cruisers, forty-nine of which will
be shipped to New York. The gun
foundry is now assembling a number
of 4-inch guns, and it is expected that
within the next few months forty-five
guns of this caliber will be ready for
service.
For six and four inch guns for aux- :
iliary cruisers the department designed
some months ago a pedestal mount.
Sixty-six four-inch and twenty-seven
five-inch guns were reported as com
pleted some months ago, at which time
forty-five were being pushed to com- |
pletion. The Columbia and Minneapo
lis are commerce-destroyers. They
have been in reserve for some months,
the idea being when they are assigned
that they could be got ready and !
I'lared in commission in ten days. Their !
stores have been assembled and are
now ready to be placed on board. This
will probably be done, so when the de- i
partment directs that they be placed
in commission all that will be neces
sary for officers and crew is to go
aboarcl.
The monitor Miantonomoh, which is
also at League Island, has been re
paired, and minor repairs required will
be made as rapidly as possible. Like
the Terror, she has a displacement of
3990 tons. The ram Katahdin, which
was placed in ordinary some months
ago, is also in need of some minor re
pairs. These will be completed as
quickly as possible, her stores will be
assembled, and, like other ships at
Lejurue Island, she will be put in condi
tlon to go to sea Just as soon as her
officers and men may arrive on board.
The Katahdin is the only representa
tive of her type in the world, her prin
cipal arm of defense being her ram.
There have been a number of applica
tions made to the department by offi-
cers of the commander rank desiring to
be assigned to her in case of war. Com
mander G. H. H. Wilde being especially
desirous of receiving this billet. The
Navy Department was informed some
days ago that the torpedo boats Tai
bot and Gwin had been launched and
would undergo their stem trials in a
few days. The Talbot and Gwin are
small boats equipped with two torpedo
tubes. Lieutenant Commander T. C.
McLean, in charge of the torpedo sta
tion at Newport, has been directed to
ship to the works of the Herreshoffs
torpedo tubes and appliances and tor
pedoes for the Gwin and Talbot so that
these vessels can be placed in commis
sion immediately upon the conclusion
of their steam trials.
The department has prepared a cir
cular letter, which will be sent as a re
ply to hundreds of men who are desir
ous of entering the naval service in the
event of war. This let,ter states that
applications will be placed on file and
the candidates for enlistment will be
called upon if needed.
AMERICANS IN HAVANA
ARE GREATLY ALARMED.
They Fear an Outbreak During a Big
Demonstration to Be Held
Sunday.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— A special
cable to a morning paper from Havana
says: Americans in Havana are
alarmed to-day over the probability of
an outbreak. There is serious trouble
brewing and the Spanish authorities
are alarmed. Yesterday was an excit
ing day. The Spanish vessel Monte
video arrived and anchored within a
pebble's throw from the wreck of the
Maine.
The Montevideo brought from Spain
a thousand soldiers. When the Span
is-h soldiery learned of the appalling
disaster to the Maine they could not
refrain from displaying their joy.
The wreckers and marines engaged in
the ghastly work of recovering the
bodies were compelled to listen to cold
blooded taunts and sneers.
"Death to Americans," was the yell.
Later when the officers of the palace
visited the Montevideo there was a
such exclamation.
The soldiers were marched to the
Prado and later to the Castle of Prin
cipe, where they were supplied with
rations.
A few days ago it was said at the
palace the soldiers were to be pushed
into the interior at once. Doubtless
this was Blanco's intention then, but
conditions have changed.
There is to be a big demonstration
in Havana on Sunday, and the cap
tain-general will' retain his troops in
the city. The demonstration to be
held Sunday has been on foot for more
than a month.
The efforts of Blanco to- crush it out
by commands and threats have proved
fruitless.
The element which is opposed to au
tonomy and which favors the bringing
back of Weyler is growing all the time.
It proposes to be heard, and heard it
will be on Sunday. That is why Blan
co has retained the sc-ldiers.
The autonomist party has ben split
and the so-called Radical wing has re
organized and formed a new plan of
autonomy. This plan is that Spanish
troops be withdrawn from the island
and the insurgent army who hold rank
and title be recognized as leaders in
what shall be known as the colonial
militia. This plan is the cause of a
great protest on the part of many
Spaniards.
It- is felt in Havana to-day on the
part of Conservatives that Sunday's
demonstration is the beginning of a
studied movement to depose Blanco.
General Arolas. tho military Governor
of Havana, whose military strength as
sisted in promptly crushing out the last
demonstration, is in the hands of weak
er leaders in whom the foreign consuls
have lost confidence.
Sicard Yet in Charge.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 25-Com
mander Clifford H. West, thief of Ad
miral Sicard's staff, sailed on the Mas
cotte to-day for Havana. When asked
the purpose of his visit to Havana he
replied: "I cannot say anythin for
publication.
Rear Admiral Sicard is still in charge
of the fleet, which with the exception
of the New York and lowa, remains at
the Dry Tortugas.
The New York and lowa lie off this
harbor. The admiral says to-night
that he expected to be there soon, and
he looked much improved. The ad
miral expects the Marblehead and the
Detroit on Sunday, hut says the fleet
will not be brought in a body to this
harbor.
No Extra Powder Ordered.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 25.— Although
war rumors are prevalent there are
no indications at the California Pow
der Works here of any orders being re
ceived for an increased output of Gov
ernment powder. The works are en
gaged in filling the usual contract for
powder for the Government.
There is always on hand about two
hundred tons of sporting and blasting
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
Iglesia Mercedes in Havana, Where the Funeral Services for the Maine's Dead
Were Held.
powder, which can be turned over to
the Government at once if necessary.
At the works there are three big guns
used for testing purposes. One is three
inch, another six-inch and a third
eight-inch. The largest can throw pro
jectiles nine miles.
MEMBERS OF A GUN
CLUB AS VOLUNTEERS.
Five Hundred Sharpshooters Proffer
Their Assistance to the
Government.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The prospect
of war with Spain is stirring the people
in Port ' Chester and other villages in
Weschester County. The war spirit is
so strong that two volunteer military
companies are being formed, which will
tender their assistance to the Govern
ment in case war really does come.
The Port Chester company is already
200 strong. At Rye a company of rifle
rangers is organizing.
Port Chester was more keenly
shocked at the disaster to the Maine
because Newell Rising Jr., a young
man popular in the village, was one
of the victims.
Rising's father is a prominent mem
ber of Charles Lawrence G. A. R. post
of this village. The post met last night
and passed resolutions of eulogy on
the dead sailor and of condolence to
his famtly. It was decided to erect a
granite shaft to young Newell Rising's
memory on the post plot in Rye ceme
tery.
Jeremiah Byron, president of the
Mount Vernon Gun Club, sent a letter
to the Secretary of War last night vol
unteering the services of the club, in'
all 500 accurate marksmen. To-day Mr.
Byron received a letter from Secretary
Long, thanking the gun club and stat
ing that the letter had keen duly filed
for refeVence in case of need.
MOUNTING THE FORT
PREBLE MORTAR BATTERY.
Detachment of Hegular Soldiers
Placing the Big Ten-
Inch Guns.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Portland
(Me.) special to the Herald says: Pre
paratory work is being done on the
new mortar batery at Fort Preble by
Captain Field and two assistants
under the general supervision of Major
Hexie and Lieutenant Howell of the
United States Engineer Corps. A de
tachment of Fort Preble soldiers sta
tioned at the fortifications at Portland
Head is being utilized in the prelimi
nary work pertaining to the mounting
of the big 10-inch guns.
Six of the Wounded at Havana.
HAVANA, Feb. . 25,-r-At 6 o'clock,
when this dispatch was sent, Holzer is
still sleeping under the influence of an
opiate. He is no worse than he was
this morning, but is very low. Includ
ing him, there are six wounded left
here, and all are reasonably certain
of recovery except him. Some difficulty
will arise, in removing them to the
United States, for all have, been ex
posed to contagious fevers, and
the quarantine laws forbid their
being taken direct to Key West. These
regulations were disregarded in case of
the first lot of wounded. taken there on
the next day after the explosion, be
cause of the extreme exigencies of the
case. . - " y-' '■ ; ; . en***
Bodies Cannot Be Disinterred.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.-The friends
of the victims of the Maine disaster
have discovered that they cannot have
their bodies brought to this country in
cases where they have already been in
terred. This is due to the fact that the
Spanish laws forbid the exhumation of
corpses until the expiration of the
period of five years ofter burial.
The prohibition had its OTigin in the
fear of infection from contagious dis
eases, pome applications have already
been made to have bodies brought to
the United States by private individ
uals, and they have encountered this
obstacle.
SIGNIFICANT
ORDERS COME
Northern National Guard
Ordered to Prepare for
Emergencies.
All Companies to Be Filled»Up
and Placed on a War
Footing.
En the Event of Hostilities the Militia
Will Man the Guns at
the Forts.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. Wash., Fob. 2F..—Signifi
cant orders were to-day issued from the
headquarters of the State National
Guard at Olympia for the commanders
of infantry companies to immediately
recruit their companies to their full
strength and increasing the maximum
strength of the two cavalry troops in
the State to eighty men each. The
wording of the orders follows:
1. Thecaptala of each company of infan
try in the National Guard of Washington
will proceed without d< lay to recruit his
command to its maximum strength of
sixty mllsted men.
2. Each troop of cavalry is authorized
hereby to Increase its maximum strength
from sixty to eighty enlisted men.
By order of the C'ommamler-in-Chief
Official: J. K. BALLAINK.'
Adjutant-General. .
Orders have also been issued gazet
ting new officers to fill all vacancies.
Everything is evidently being done to
put the National Guard In the best of
condition. The light battery of artil
lery stationed at Spokane has been try
ing for several years to secure modern
machine guns, and is now informed it
may secure them in the course of a
few weeks. The battery had almost
given up hope of securing them.
National Guard officers say the issu
ance of orders to recruit up to the full
authorized strength is the result of or
ders issued from the War Department
to the adjutant-general of every State
in the Union. In not all the States
have the orders been issued so far. It
is understood that General Ballaine re
ceived his orders by telegraph while in
the interior States the orders are sent
by mail. So far as can be learned from
officers of the National Guard and
army officers, plans are being prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of
War whereby the volunteer troops in
the border States will in event of war
be placed to garrison the seacoast and
other important army posts, save those
that are equipped with heavy artillery,
while the full strength of the regular
army will be mobilized on the Gulf
coast. According to an officer, the Ore
gon Guard will be called upon to garri
son Fort Vancouver and Fort Stevens,
while the Washington Guard will be
placed at Fort Townsend, now aban
doned. Magnolia Bluffs, Fort Walla
Walla and Fort Spokane, while the Ida
ho- Guard will garrison Fort Sherman
and Fort Boise Barracks in Idaho the
one in the Department of the Colum
bia, and the other in the Department of
the Platte.
ROOSEVELT IN CHARGE
OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Worn Out by His Tireless Exertions,
Secretary Long Leaves
for a Brief Best.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Secretary
Long has been under a heavy and al
most constant strain ever Bince he was
awakened in the ir'^riie of ti»a nio-ht
a week ago last Tuesday by the news
of the loss of the Maine, and now that
matters are, at least for the present, in
a quieter state, he has withdrawn from
the Navy Department and gone away
for a few days" rest, leaving Assistant
Secretary Roosevelt to manage the de
partment.fc The latter has been thor
oughly advised at every step of the
Secretary's policy of the treatment of
the Maine affairs, so that there is not
likely to be any change in that respect
caused by the temporary assumption of
the duties of Secretary by Mr. Roose
velt.
Just before the department closed he
had word of the sailing of the cruiser
Montgomery from Tampa for Key
West. Dp to that time the vessel had
br-en given no orders, so that the date
of her departure for Havana, if she is
to go at all, is conjectural. The ship
went to Tampa instead of Key West on
her return from San Domingo, in or
der to facilitate the speedy return to
his duties in Washington of Captain
< 'nuvninshield, the chief of the Naviga
tion Bureau, who saved a full day by
the movement.
The Castine, the second of the United
States warships on the South Atlantic
station, arrived to-day at Barbadoes,
where she joined the Cincinnati. It
may be that the Castine may go to
Martinique to be docked, as she is in
need of cleaning after her trip.
WRECK OF THE MAINE
SINKING INTO THE MUD.
It Will Be Necessary to Remove Guns
and Deck Debris Before Rais
ing the Hull.
HAVANA, Feb. 25.— The wreck of the
Maine is slowly but surely sinking into
the mud. Before the hull v could be
raised it would be necessary to move
the guns and deck debris. For lack of
proper appliances practically nothing in
this line has been accomplished. Aside
from the officers' cabin effects, the sal
vage thus far has ben pitifully small.
The cloudy weather and rain made the
work of the divers unsatisfactory to
day, and very little was done. It is
said that a hole has been made by the"
divers in one of the forward hatches,
and it is hoped that a number of bodies
will be recovered.
The court of inquiry sat longer than
usual to-day, the six divers being ex
amined more in detail than heretofore.
The Spanish cruiser Alfonso XIII has
been towed to a buoy further within
the harbor to make room for the
cruiser Vizcaya. which is expected here
to-morrow or the next day from the
north.
No word has been received at tho
Consul-General's office from Mr. Bar
ker, the United States Consul at Sa
guala Grande, and it is believed that
the report of Mr. Barker's illness is
untrue. ______^_____
NICARAGUA AWAITS
COSTA RICA'S REPLY.
If Her Demands Are Not Acceded to
War Is Likely to
Follow.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 25.— T0
the Editor of the Herald: The Diet has
demanded an explanation of Costa Rica.
Nicaragua, in accordance with her agree
ment, awaits developments before acting.
ZELAYA, President.
PANAMA, Feb. 25.— Telegraphic advices
from the Herald's coi-respondent in Ma
nagua, Nicaragua, state that the press
and people are adverse to war with Costa
Rica and the Government desires peace,
provided it is guaranteed by Costa Rica
acceding to Nicaragua's just demands,
thus avoiding future trouble. Otherwise
the Government wants war. The Govern
ment of Costa Rica has not jet answered
the Diet of the greater republic, therefore
relations remain bitter. It is reported
that President Iglesias has held a meet
ing for the discussion of war, and that
tho meeting was strongly opposed to it.
Special envoys are en route to Salvador,
Nicaragua, and Costa Rica for mediation.
Jockey George Barrett Dead.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— George Barrett, the !
iaokf.v. Is dead. .".;■. "''-'■--■ "'"^^SiSSSSL I
CONTRACTS
ARE TO BE
HASTENED
Ammunition and Guns for
the Army Are in
Demand.
Quicker Deliveries of Ordnance
and Ordnance Stores Now
Required by Chiefs of
the War Department.
NEW YORK,. Feb. 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Pres
sure is being brought to bear by the
chief of the ordnance and the chief of
the engineers of the army on the con
tractors who are behind in the fulfill
ment of their contracts with the de
partment, and instructions have been
issued directing them to hasten partic
ularly the completion of contracts for
guns and ammunition. The work has
been progressing quite as rapidly as
practicable for months at all points
where seacoast fortifications are under
way, and the rate of progress of the
engineering work on emplacements
cannot be greatly accelerated, except
on Southern coasts, where weather con
ditions do not affect excavations and
buildings.
Quicker deliveries of ordnance and
ordnance stores are, however, possible.
It is understood that the Bethlehem
Iron Company has been asked to hasten
their deliveries of eight-inch, ten-inch
and twelve-inch guns, and the Tredegar
Iron Works of Richmond, Va., the
Rome (N. V.) Locomotive and Machine
Works and the Driggs-Seabury Ord
nance Company, to push the delivery
of shells for guns and mortars of
various caliber.
The Government gun carriage fac
tories at Rock Island, 111., and Water
town, Mass., the arsenals at Water
vleit and Frankford and Springfield
Armory have all received orders to in
crease their rate of supply. Ammuni
tion is just now the great need of the
department, and for this reason the
small arms and ammunition plant at
Frankford is expected to turn out not
less than 40.000 ball cartridges, caliber
30, for the Krug-Jorgensen army
rifle, and 20.000 miscellaneous cart
ridges, most of them of the caliber of
45, for use in Springfield rifles, only
supplied to the National Guard. Re
quisitions have also been made on the
Frankford arsenal for shrapnel, canis
ter and sights for cannon.
Ordnance officials decline to make
public the amount of ammunition now
on hand, but it is known to be so small
as to induce the department to mak
every possible effort to increase it at
the shortest notice. In the event of
an outbreak of actual hostilities
purchases of ammunition abroad
would be necessary, and is contem
plated. No anxiety is felt -with re
gard to supplying the militia with am
munition. Their small arm Spring
field rifle can easily be supplied from
private manufacturers of the Eastern
States.
The Scott Foundry at Reading, Pa.,
is working night and day in the hope
of completing by the lasx of June the
16-inch Brown segmental wire-wound
gun which it is building for the War
Department. This will be the largest
gun manufactured for the army until
the 16-inch built-up gun now building
at Watervleit is completed. The wire
gun will weigh twenty-six tons, its
muzzle velocity will be 3000 feet per
second and its muzzle energy over 35,
000 foot tons, which it is estimated
would penetrate both sides (projectile
entering on one side and going out on
the other side) of the armor plates of
a modern battleship. The gun has a
tensile strength of 150,000 pounds to the
square inch. The wire jacket, which
takes up the entire circumferential
bursting strain of the powder, has a
tensile strength of 250,000 pounds to the
square inch. The steel in the Govern
ment built gun has a tensile strength
of less than 100,000 pounds per square
inch. The calculated muzzle velocity
of the Brown segmental tube wire
wound gun is 3000 feet per second, and
the calculated muzzle energy is over
35,000 foot tons.
The muzzle energy is greater than
the muzzle energy of the Government
thirteen-inch gun, which is the largest
and most powerful gun. in the service.
The Government thirteen-inch gun
weighs fifty-one and a half tons; its
muzzle velocity is 2100 feet per second,
and its muzzle energy is 34,155 foot
tons. In the event of successful tests
of this gun it will be placed in some
important position of coast defense.
Many stories are current respecting
the plans of the War Department for
transporting troops and for conducting
a possible campaign in Cuba.* It is not
expected that tiie authorities will con
fide to the puttlic at this juncture such
plans as may have been formed in this
direction. It is a well known fact the
Quartermaster's' Department is pre
pared to furnish transportation for
large bodies of troops at the shortest
notice to the Atlantic Coast and to the
Gulf, and steamship lines have been
approached and are prepared to furnish
adequate transportation to the Cuban
coast if necessary.
The military information division,
through its various agencies, is amply
equipped to furnish a store of informa
tion and maps, and it may be said that
the army, if called into action, will not
be found unprepared for decisive work
without the loss of valuable time.
The presence at Atlanta, Ga.. of Ma
jor General Wesley Merritt, command
ing the Department of the East, Is not
an IniilnaKnß ttisi k> V.«, D rrilni M uli i B
headquarters there for the direction of
the movements of troops in the South.
General Merritt is making his annual
inspection of the posts of his depart
ment, which includes all the States on
the Atlantic Coast and the Gulf, except
Texas, and the States east of Missis
sippi, south of the lakes, excepting In
diana and Illinois. His inspection at
this time will naturally have more than
ordinary importance, and is calculated
to increase the efficiency and economia
distribution of the troops of the depart
ment.
Major General Miles, commanding the
army, to-day emphatically said to ma
that reports of a rupture between him
and General Merritt on account of tha
latter officer's making public informa
tion about orders and department plans
is entirely unfounded. He said he haa
no occasion to criticize General Merritt,
and that he has his entire confidence.
DIVERS AND A CONSUL
ARRIVE FROM CUBA.
But the Official Will Hurry Back to
Protect His Family From
the Spaniards^
KEY WEST, Feb. 25.— 0n the steam
er Mascotte, from Tampa, for Havana
this evening, were Captain Everett and
John Hagerty, divers of the Merritt and
Chapman Wrecking Company, who are
going to work on the Maine. They take
with them two assistants and a large
quantity of wrecking machinery.
Carlos Yznaga. United States Consu
lar Agent at Trinidad de Cuba, is alpo
a passenger. He left Havana two
weeks ago on a three months' leave,
but is now Hurrying home from New
York to protect his wife and children
at Trinidad, as he fears the Spaniards
there will provoke a riot. After consul
tation with Consul General Lee, Mr.
Yznaga- will decided whether to taka
his family from Cuba.
The Mascotte replaces the steamer
Olivette while the latter is laid up tem
porarily for repairs. Out of the seventy
passengers from Tampa, only about a
dozen went to Havana. The traffic is
all the other way.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
German and French
Army Rations
Now. in stock in plentiful supply. World
celebrated, guaranteed to keep in any
climate for two years. Not expensive—*
quality considered. Read list:
1 It), tins malted oats and cocoa,
" 1 It), tins green corn.
1 It), tins potato meal.
1 It), tins sago and tapioca,
1 It), tins rice meal. ' t ' ,' -
1 Ib. tins bean meal.
1 It), tins pea meal. '/;
■ 1 It), and x ,i It), packages ErbswuraV
1 Ib. , and V Ib. packages Julienne.
*4 It), tablets assorted vegetables. -
*4 Ib.' packages soup tablets.
Bouillon Kapsels, Raffaufs. '
Call or write for price list of above.
Open packages for examination • and
cooked samples for trial at our Klon-
dike Cooking Booth, first floor/near en- ,
trance.
CASH STORE
25-2T Market St., S. F.
SUPPUES \
"» KLONDIKE
I should include <
I; BORDEN'S |!
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
",' ; UNSWEETENED .. : : , (To
I The high reputation for keeping? '' ■'■:.
,1 qulity is 1 already well ; estab- ••■>! \tpi-i
'i lished; hence, no experiment, v,' 1
) NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
34
IT IS CLEAR THE MEN IN AUTHORITY.
STATESMEN
PREPARE FOR
THE WORST
Conceded War Is Among
the Possibilities of the
Near Future.
Cases in Which the United States
Has Demanded and Received
Indemnity for Outrages by
Foreign Officers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— One mem
>er of the Cabinet expects the receipt
>f a report from the Court of Inquiry
it Havana about the middle of next
week. There is reason to believe that
in the meantime, and to prepare for
the reception of a report that would
show the disaster to be other than the
result of an acident, some of the offi
cials of the administration have been
looking up the subject of indemnities
so as to lay the foundation of a case,
in the event it should be decided to re
sort to that method of settlement.
There are a large number of prece
dents which will aid the authorities in
shaping their action in this direction
when the facts are fully established.
While none of the cases show the fear
ful loss of life sustained by the Maine
explosion, yet they include many in
stances in which the United States has
adopted energetic measures to redress
the killing of American citizens in for
eign countries.
In a general way these methods of
redress have included demands for in
demnity, proclamations excluding the
warships of the offending nation from
our harbors, display of force, non-in
tercourse, withdrawal of our 'Minister,
reprisal and blockade. Some of these
steps border very closely on war, al
though they are regarded as the move
ments just preliminary to actual hos
tilities, and as amounting to a threat
that force will follow if reparation is
not made.
The case of the Waterwitch is consid
ered to be the most nearly analagous to
that of the Maine. The Waterwitch was
a United States ship engaged in 1555 in
surveying the entrance to one of the
rivers of Paraguay. ■ Without warning
and by orders of President Lopez of
.Paraguay a force of troops opened fire
on the Waterwitch, killing the man at
the helm. The President reported the
facts to Congress, and in his message
asked authority to make a demonstra
tion of force which would insure suit
able redress. In response to this Con
gress authorized him "to use such force
as is necessary" to secure ample rep
aration. Accordingly an armed fleet
was hastily assembled on a scale which
was regarded as remarkable for those,
days.
Th expedition included nineteen
armed ships, twenty-five heavy guns
and 2500 sailors and marines. Accom
panying this formidable outfit were ci
vilian plenipotentiaries prepared to
make the demands of the Government
and then enforce them by calling on
the armed ships. The expedition made
a formidable showing in the South
American waters and President Lopez's
Government was awed into complete
subjection by its presence. The Amer
ican Commissioners and naval officers
were received at Ascension with much
honor, and every reparation within the
power of the republic was given. This
included abject apology, a sweeping
disavowal and $10,000 for the sufferers
from the outrage. As the republic was
willing to grant full reparation the na
val expedition did not exert the force
it was prepared to use in case a refusal
had been offered.
When the facts of the expedition
were reported to the American Con
gress; the President stated that the dis
patch of this formal naval fleet had
had a salutary influence throughout the
world and had convinced foreign na
tions that the United States would pro
tect the lives of its citizens with all the
force at its command.
The case of the firing on the United
States ship Chesapeake by the British
ship Leopard is another case affording
a precedent as to the Government's
mode of action. The Chesapeake was
proceeding to sea, when she was hailed
by the commander of the Leopard
with a demand that British deserters
said to be in the hold of the Chesa
peake be surrendered. The American
commander refused to comply, where
upon the Leopard first fired a shot
across the bow of the Chesapeake, and
followed this with two broadsides. The
American commander was severely
wounded three sailors were killed out
right and many wounded. Being un
prepared for action, it being a time of
peace the American commander hauled
down his colors and surrendered
+h ™? c " d '? US Ct . Citement Prevailed in
the United States over the outrage
President Madison speedily issued a
proclamation excluding from American
ports all- British warships. He also
caused energetic protests and demands
to be presented at London; The Brit
gi' authorities promptly disavowed
the action, recalled the admiral mXr
7 h T« the outrage had be n pern
had
In a later case the ■ American shin
Prometheus was fired upon in the har
bor of Greytown. ; The ship had de
clined to pay excessive port chared
imposed by the King of the Mosaufto
then controlling " the country under
British protectorate. The King called
upon the British warship Exp? PS T to
sustain his demands, and the^press
promptly sent a broadside into the
Prometheus. There were no person!
killed, but ; the United , States mad! a
V^ V u demand for reparation. The i
British Government gave this in the '
fullest manner and without question
disavowing act and condemning
the officer of the Express. •
Displays of force were resorted to by
the United States in 1852 against Japan
and in 1858 against Java. b m the case
of Japan, American sailors had been !
severely handled in Japanese ports i
and the native courts failed to give
adequate redress. A naval expedition
was sent to Japanese waters, and this
had the effect of securing the fullest
apology and , also an agreement by
which every protection was guaranteed I
to American citizens and property in '
Japan. In the case of Java the Secre
tary of the Navy sent a large naval
force ti> the waters of Java to demand
that the native trial courts should give
the fullest protection to Americans.
The expedition was successful in its
purpose, and all the assurances desired
were given.
In ISIS seven Americans were killed
and about sixty were wounded while
they were being detained in the British
] iri^iin at Dartmoor. This was brought
on by a clamor for rations, which was
resisted by the prison guard. The
United States demanded satisfactory
and suitable reparation, and the Brit
ish Government complied by an indem
nity for the support of the families of
those killed and wounded.
There are quite a number of recent
cases, the latest being that of the
German occupation of Kiaochau over
the outrages committed by Chinese on
German missionaries. In that case the
German Government acquired as in
demnity a large portion of Chinese ter
ritory, as well as one of the most val
uable strategetic ports of China.
The principle of money indemnity for
the' killing of foreigners has been rec
ognized in several recent cases in the
United States. One of these was the
killing of Italians at New Orleans by a
mob. In that case, while the United
States did not admit the responsibility
of the Federal Government for the act
of a mob, yet indemnity was paid out
of the Federal Treasury as a matter of
international comity and equity. Simi
lar action was taken in indemnifying
China for her citizens killed at Rock
Springs. In the case of the Virginius
a large money indemnity was paid.
Demands by the United States are
now pending against Turkey for the
burning of American missionaries'
property in Turkey during the Ar
menian outbreak. There are many in
dividual claims against Spain, includ
ing the Ruiz case and that of Dr. Del
gado, now pending.
President Buchanan adopted the pro
cedure of reprisal in 1859. This is a
measure just short of war. Mexico was
charged at that time with assenting to
spoliation along the United States bor
der. President Buchanan asked Con
gress for authority to send a military
force to secure indemnity, as diplo
matic negotiations had failed to bring
redress from Mexico. This course was
adopted by Congress, and the prepara
tions for the military reprisal soon
brought forth a satisfactory adjust
ment.
Non-intercourse with Great Britain
was one of the measures adopted in
ISO 9by what is known as the non-inter
course act, as a means of stopping as
sociations which up to that time had
involved many complications and em
barrassments. Embargoes have also
been resorted to as a measure of offense
against foreign nations, short of war,
the purpose being to prevent the ship
ping of supplies needed by the offend
ing nation.
IN CASE OF WAR
MANY WILL VOLUNTEER.
Mail of Governor Shaw of lowa Is
Flooded With Offers of
Service.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Dcs Moines
special to the Herald says: Governor
Shaw's mail is flooded with offers of
service in case of war between this
country and Spain. A large propor
tion of those who offer their services
are veterans of the Civil War and ex
members of the National Guard. The
anti-Spanish feeling in Dcs Moines was
given an impulse by the arrival this
morning of H. E. Teachout and J. W.
Hill, prominent business men, who
have been making a tour of Cuba. They
left Havana before the explosion on
board the Maine, but from their knowl
edge of the Spanish feeling they are
certain that the disaster was not due
to accident. Interviews with them de
tailing the suffering of reconcentrados
and the insults to which Americans in
Cuba are subjected were printed this
afternoon.
Arrangements are being made for the
formation of a number of volunteer
militia organizations which will offer
their services to the State.
STABBING AFFRAY AT
SAN QUENTIN PRISON.
Armed With, a Knife, a Convict
Sheds the Blood of a Fel
low-Prisoner.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Feb. 25.—An
other breach of discipline In the nature
of a stabbing affray between desperate
convicts occurred in the prison yard on
Washington's birthday. The. facts have
been suppressed and jealously guarded,
but they leaked out to-day. In conse
quence of* the affray a convict, whose
name is said to be Henry Bettencourt,
was tak-en to the prison Ihospital, where
the resident physician sewed up a gash
in his face.
Bettencourt and the convict who did
the stabbing got into difficulty over some
fruit that had been sent to them by
friends on the outside. On holidays it
is customary to allow the convicts to
receive articles of food and smalf favors
from relatives and friends, and some
fruit had been sent to Bettencourt and
his assailant. They had trouble about
the division and came to blows in the
ot . l ' le Penitentiary. Blows were
v?it 8 and then the con
i ka d a knlfe from h 's pocket and
slashed Bettencourt In the face making
fredy m Whlch the blooh flowed
Pioneer Woman Dead.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 25,-Mrs. Kate Kiclv
a pioneer resident of Santa Clara, died
at her home there yesterday after a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
WILL BEGIN TO
DRILL FOR WAR
Sacramento Grand Army
Men to Prepare for
the Field.
Ask Governor Budd to Furnish
Supplies for Their Equip
ment.
Ringing Resolutions Adopted Amid
Wild Enthusiam by Warren
Post, No. 54.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 25.— One of the
most effective incidents which has ta
ken place in Sacramento since the first
suspicion of the cause of the Maine dis
aster arose in the minds of the people
here took place last night at a meeting
of Warren Post of the Grand Army
of the Republic. Those veterans of the
war, who rallied to their country's call
nearly forty years ago, are to this day
just as willing, just as anxious and just
as determined to defend Old Glory now
as they were then.
When the post was called to order
the routine proceedings were speedily
disposed of, and the folio-wing resolu
tions were adopted:
Whereas, In the destruction of the
I nited States battle-ship Maine, while
anchored in the harbor of Havana, en
tailing the loss of 250 lives, casts a feel
ing of gloom over our country, approxl
| muting that of 1861; and Whereas, present
indications seem to warrant the belief
that due caution was not exercised by the
Spanish authorities fur the protection of
said battle-ship and her brave crew
| while anchored in Spanish waters under
! bpanish forts, covered by Spanish guns;
I and whereas, present complications in
! connection with the deplorable disaster to
the Maine have so worked up the minds
of the American people as to render pos
sible very serious trouble, and, as Grand
Army men. wo hold ourselves as ever
, ready to defend the best interests of our
i country; and whereas, kindred organiza-
I tions of the Grand Array of the Republic
as al.so several patriotic Governors of
i various States of our nation, have ten
: dered our chief executive at Washington
thefr moral, financial and physical sup
| i>ort, should emergency require it; and
whereas, we are obligated by the prin
j ciples of our order to exercise a jealous
: watchfulness over our country ami flag
i which from IS6I to 1865 was defended upon
! more than 2000 battle-fields by the men
i who now compose the grandest organl-
I zation beneath the folds of "old glory,"
and for the defense of which more than
400,000 of the country's noblest sons gave
their lives; therefore be it
Resolved, That Warren Post No. 54.
Department of California and Nevada,
I Grand Army of the Republic, petition his
j Excellency James H. Hudd, Governor of
I the State of California, requesting a
I loan of fifty muskets, fifty cartridge
boxes or belts, fltty canteens and fifty
haversacks, for a period of ninety days,
to be used in our post room for the pur
pose of drilling in the manual of arms
and otherwise fitting ourselves for any
emergency that may arise; fcind be it
further
Resolved, That a committee of four, in
cluding the commander of this post, be
appointed to present to our Governor a
copy of these resolutions under the seal
of the post.
L. S. Geitner, post commander: J. S.
Jones, adjutant; George \V. Herr, quar
termaster; A. D. Jtiurd, officer of the day.
The cheers that went up at the close
of the meeting last night were loud
and long. To-day a set of the above
resolutions properly engrossed were
presented to Governor Budd.
WILL SOON HAVE
THAT POSTOFFICE
Secretary Spalding Reassures
the People of San Fran
cisco.
Report of Export Smith Will Not
Cause a Great Delay in tha
Construction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 25.
The report of General Sooy Smith, the
Chicago engineer who was sent to San
Francisco to investigate and report on the
foundation for the new San Francisco
postofllce building, is still under consider
ation by Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury Spalding, Supervising Architect Tay
lor, and Chief Executive Officer Kemper.
They decline to state the nature of the re
port, but a significant remark was drop
ped by Mr. Kemper to-day, when he said:
f "After the report is made public in a
day or two, I hope the newspapers will
not make a mountain out of a molehill."
Assistant Secretary Spalding was asked
why General Smith, a private citizen of
Chicago, was sent to investigate and re
port on the foundation, instead of the de
partment sending a regular agent of the
Treasury- Secretary Spalding said;
"Because we had confidence in him as
a very expert engineer. This is a matter
involving engineering problems merely,
and as the Seventh and Mission streets
site has already been bought and paid for,
and the work of excavation completed,
the building will, of course, be erected
thereon."
This remark of the Assistant Secretary
naturally created an impression that
General Smith's report will say that the
foundation Is infirm and will require a
great deal of piling and at great cost. The
Call correspondent asked Secretary Spald
ing If the material to be used would de
pend on Smith's report. He said:
"Not at all. We have already decided
to use granite. The people of San Fran
cisco need not fear that there will be any
great delay in proceeding with the work
of construction on account of General
Smith s report. The work on tho super
structure will be pushed rapidly as soon
as the bids are advertised for and tho
contract awarded."
Tr,»n?^ re H Sma X Loud was at the depart
ment to-day, but did not succeed in get
ting any information other than that
given to The Call correspondent
NEW ERA FOR EDUCATION.
Colusa County School Trustees Form
an Association.
COLUSA, Feb. 25.-A new era for the
schools of Colusa County was opened to
day by the organization of a Trustees'
Association, designed for managing the
schools on a more uniform plan Super
intendent H. L. Wilson called a met.
ing of the trustees and they came from
far and near despite the rain State S™
perintendent Black was present. Super-
M. Crilley and J. W. Goad vice-presi
dents, and Sheriff E. W. Jones secretary
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style
nigh-grade surreys, phaeton* and buggies
SJi«« w^ p 2 c Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
TWO TEN-INCH
GUNS SOON TO
BE MOUNTED
No Time Is Lost in Preparing the
Defenses of San Francisco for
the War That Seems
Near.
The two ten-inch rifled breech
loading guns for the fortifica
tions of San Francisco which
were delivered at the freight,
yard^s of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Thursday will be moved to-day to Fort
Point, where they .will be at once placed
in position, along with other high-pow
er guns of the disappearing battery.
The contract tor transporting the rifles
was closed yesterday. In view of re
cent orders from the War Department
the military authorities of this depart
ment will lose no time in getting the
guns in place.
Each gun of this pattern weighs
thirty tons. A large truck drawn by
thirty-four horses will haul each gun
from the freight yards to the point of
destination facing the ocean on the
bluff near Fort Point. The contractors
will begin the work at an early hour
this morning when the streets are com
paratively free of traffic. The easiest
grade to the Presidio will be sought.
When a rifle of similar size and weight
was moved some months ago the truck
went along Van Ness avenue, from
Market to Lombard street. It is pre
sumed that the contractor this morn
ing will follow the same route ap
proaching the avenue along the easiesi
route south of Market street from the
freight yards. The truck tire is fully 10
inches wide, so there is little danger of
damage to the street pavement.
' Word comes from the Ordnance De
partment that other high-power guns
will soon be ready for shipment by rail
to this city. The Engineer Corps is
keeping pace with the Ordnance Corps
in preparation for coast defense.
Colonel Charles R. Suter, U. S. A., is
the division engineer of the Pacific
Coast, and the construction of works
for the defense of the harbor of San
Francisco is under his immediate direc
tion. He is executing a plan devised by
the Board of Fortifications, and it may
require six or seven years' time to fully
carry out the plan as adopted by that
board. Colonel Suter declined to talk
on the subject yesterday. He said that
so far as the Engineer Corps was con
cerned the strictest secrecy was en-
Joined, and therefore he was not per
mitted to disclose the nature of any
plans for the defense of the city. He
was not advised as to the shipment of
any more highTpower guns from the
East, as that was something that per
tained to the Ordnance Corps, of which
General Flagler was the chief. No in
formation could be obtained from
Colonel Suter regarding the proposed
battery at Point Bonita. From other
sources it is ascertained that the plan
adopted by the Board of Fortifications
provides for a formidable battery of 12
inch rifles at Bonita. The works there
will doubtless be of unusual strength,
as they would be exposed to the first
fire of a fleet of hostile ironclads.
Colonel Suter was very courteous In
his refusal to impart information re
garding the work in contemplation.
When a direct question was propound
ed he remarked: "You should not ask
me that question because all officers
of the engineer corps are required to
observe secrecy regarding the location
and strength of engineering works. A
commander of a department is allowed
some discretion in giving out military
information to the press, but the. rule
in the engineer corps is absolute
against giving out any plans."
Everything was quiet along the Pre
sidio line of works yesterday. The
usual guard is maintained to protect
the high-power guns from injury. Am
munition has been distributed and
placed In the magazines. Officers jind
SKETCHES IN THE CUBAN CAPITAL.
Reproduced from a Sketch Made in Havana by a Special Artist of the New York Herald.
enlisted men of the Third Artillery are
confident that a declaration of war
would not change the station of that
regiment, but the same confidence is
not entertained by the members of the
First Infantry regarding the station of
their regiment. The enlisted men con
jecture that the regiment would be or
dered to Key West at the beginning of
operations, and a readiness to go at
once is expressed by the men. While
the officers of the First Infantry, Third
Artillery and Fourth Cavalry do not
regard war as imminent they perceive
that the war feeling is on the increase
throughout the country and that a con
flict with Spain is among the probabili
ties. An officer of the First said yester
day: "I do not believe this regiment
would be ordered away from this post
if war were declared. The chances are
that we would be ordered to serve as
artillery in the forts of this harbor."
Speaking of affairs at" the Presidio
yesterday, Colonel Evan Miles, com
manding the post, remarked: "Every
thing is quiet here. The force of ar
tillery is ample to man the guns now in
position. The orders advising extra
precaution in guarding the guns and
.magazines are observed. We have not
received supplementary or additional
instructions. Visitors to the Presidio
are allowed to come and go about as
usual."
A board of officers will meet at the
Presidk) next Monday, for the 'mental
and physical examination of such can- j
didates for the West Point Military
Academy as may be authorized to ap
pear before it. The following officers
have been detailed for the board: Major
Robert H. White, surgeon; Captain
James S. Pettit, First Infantry; Captain
Euclid B. Frick, assistant surgeon;
First Lieutenant John D. Barrette,
Third Artillery, and Second Lieutenant I
Thomas G. Carson, Fourth Cavalry.
The examination will be conducted in
accordance with instructions furnished
the board by the Superintendent of the
United States Military Academy.
The following transfers of officers In
the First Infantry have been an
nounced in orders: First Lieutenant
Charles B. Vogdes, from Company *I
to Company B; First Lieutenant Rich
ard C. Crofton, from Company G to
Company I; First Lieutenant Francis
E. Lacey Jr., from Company B to Com
pany G. There will be no change of
stations of these officers, except Lieu
tenant Lacey, who goes to the Presidio
from Benicia barracks.
Payments to troops on the muster of
February 28, 1898, are assigned to offi
cers of the Pay Department as follows:
Lieutenant-Colonel Frank M. Coxe,
deputy paymaster-general; the Presi
dio, Fort Mason, Benicia Barracks and
Benicia Arsenal. Major John S.
Witcher, paymaster — Angel Island, Al
catraz Island, Fort Baker and San
Diego Barracks.
San Bernardino Merchant Dead.
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 25.— E. R.
Cartwright, a leading dry goods mer
chant of this city, died this afternoon of
diabetes and blood poisoning 1 . He was
65 years of age, a native of New York
and had fifty years' experience in busi
ness, the last sixteen years of which
were spent here. About a year ago he
had a leg amputated for gangrene, but
the disease remained in his system.
Knocked Off a Wharf.
VENTURA, Feb. 25.— W. A. Walker, a
resident of this city, while standing on
the Hueneme wharf this morning, was
knocked off by the steamer Coos Bay
striking against the wharf while land
ing. Walker fell into the water and was
drowned. ,
The fac^nUe : ynf y^T^T is on every , wrapper
YET FEAR FOR
THE SAFETY OF
THE VIZCAYA
Navy Department Officials Greatly
Worried by the Movements
of the Holland Sub
marine Boat,
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It is not
denied by the administration officials
to-day that great alarm was expe
rienced yesterday and to-day for the
safety of the Spanish armored cruiser
Vizcaya. The movements of the Hol
land submarine torpedo boat which un
derwent a trial yesterday were respon
sible for the scare. Considerable relief
was consequently felt by officials this
afternoon when a dispatch was re
ceived by Acting Secretary Roosevelt
announcing the departure of the Span
ish cruiser from New York. The an-
nouncement of the departure of the
Vizcaya was made in a dispatch re
ceived from Rear Admiral F. M. Bunce,
commandant of the Brooklyn Navy
Yard. Beyond the mere feet that the
Vizcaya had sailed the telegram con
tained no information. It is believed
by the officials that the cruiser is gone
to Havana, but it is proposed to keep
a sharp lookout along the coast so that
in case she anchors in any one of the
Southern ports adequate provisions can
be made for her safety. It was admit
ted to-day that the department was
considerably worried yesterday as to
the safety of the Vizcaya.
During the afternoon Rear Admiral
Bunce informed the department that
the Holland submarine boat had left
Nixon's shipyard early in the morning,
ostensibly to undergo a trial trip. It
was evident from the character of Rear
Admiral Bunce's telegram that he
feared the boat had fallen Into the
hands of Cubans or some irresponsible
person who proposed to destroy the
Vizcaya.
The telegram was received by As
sistant Secretary Roosevelt, who at
once laid it before Secretary Long. In
structions were then prepared to Rear-
Admiral Bunce, directing him to close
ly watch the submarine boat, to search
for any explosives and to have her
taken in charge by a naval guard in
case it should develop that her officers
and men intended to use her to destroy
the Vizcaya.
This instruction was subsequently
laid before the President, who approved
it, and it was at once telegraphed to
Rear-Admiral Bunce.
At a late hour last night the depart
ment received a telegram from Rear-
Admiral Bunce stating that the boat
had been found and examined, but
nothing of a suspicious character had
been discovered. It is believed by de
partment officials that the Holland
boat was under surveillance last night
and to-day. The course adopted by
the department with regard to the
Holland makes it apparent how sus
picious the department has been of
everything which might seem to have
any possibility of developing into a
plot to destroy the Vizcaya.
The department went on the theory
that the Cubans in this country orsome
persons crazed by the loss of the Maine
might have made an attempt to send
the cruiser to the bottom of New York
harbor, and it was against any such
contingency that so many precautions
were adopted.
TORPEDO-BOAT GWIN
. MEETS REQUIREMENTS.
The New Vessel Will Probably Ex
ceed the Contract Speed of
Twenty Knots.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.-A Newport,
R. 1., special to the Herald says: The
torpedo boat Gwin had another build
er's trial in the bay to-day and it was
given out officially to-night that she
made her contract speed, twenty knots,
easily, and that therefore the Herres
hoffs will notify the Navy Department
that she is ready for her official trial.
This is believed will be ordered for
early next week, much sooner than M:
was thought the boat could be got into
condition. Navy officers say the Gwin
will exceed her contract speed by at
least one knot, and in all other respects
she will meet requirements. She runs
with slight vibration. The official speed
trial will consist of a continuous run
of two hours.
I had but one "^k p oor c|rcu|a .
I had hut one \l p oor c j rcu [ a _
a hundred ounces 1. + :"_■"■ • v' j
II of Wood in his I tlOn gj? bad
V body. Jm enough, but when
you have a small
«*^^ amount of blood
in your body the case is infinitely worse.
Here is a man who existed for many
months with less than half the proper
amount of blood in his veins. It Is in-
deed a curious and a thrilling story.
What seemed to affect him most was a
desire to be let alone. He found most
pleasure when in secret. . His face was
drawn and thin, and he walked . with un-
steady limbs, yet no one would ever have
dreamed that he had so deeply erred as
to drain nature of more than half her life-
giving fluid. But it was only the truth.
The eyes . were unusually bright,: and
there was always a worried look on the
face. At the Mining Fair he was asked
how he felt— and he expressed it in one
word, "Bad." As a matter of interest
some one took him to the Hudsonian
Institute and begged that his friend
might be examined. The request was at
once acceded to, and immediate steps
were taken to place him on. his feet
rapidly. This, it seems, is being done
very certainly with the "Hudyan" treat-
ment, but when this man is thoroughly
strong and well again he will long
remember the • ,
days when he i^^^^^^W
had but a hun- mV-o " /\^
, , , mf Recovered vlk
dred ounces of if all the lost vl
blood in his whole ; |{ vital fluid in a II
system. • V. very queer man- It
This is by no means the only case which
has come to the knowledge of the Hud-
son Medical Institute, which is at the
junction of Market, Stockton and Ellis
streets. In the cure of 20,000 people who
were suffering from nervous debility of
some nature, they have come across
chscs of all types. "Hudyan" cures them
all. Convincing circulars and testimonial*
are sent Jree on application. And the
aflvice of the physicians is placed at th«
uisposal of the entire world, too— and ab-
solutely free. Write if it ia incoveaitntFEAR THAT THE WORST WILL COME.
DEPARTURE
OF VIZCAYA
FOR HAVANA
New York City No Longer
Menaced by the
Warship.
Before Steaming Away for the
Cuban Capital Captain Eulate
Reiterates His Expressions
of Friendship.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Spanish
cruiser Vlzcaya, which has been lying
off Tompkinsville, Staten Island. ;
since Sunday, sailed this afternoon for j
Havana. She passed Quarantine at
1:26 o'clock. Though Captain Eulate 1
had expected to sail about 11 o'clock, :
■with the tide, the departure of the Viz
caya was delayed until after 1 o'clock
by two officers who were on shore.
These men reached Tompkinsville on
the 12:55 train, with important dis
patches from the consul-general at
New York, and hiring a rowboat start
ed for the vessel.
As soon as they were seen starting
from the pier Captain Eulate ordered^
the crew to weigh anchor and a mo
ment later the chains began to rattle
through the hawser holes. Before the
officers In the small boat had reached
her the side screws of the Vlzcaya be
gan to turn and the big vessel moved
slowly down the stream.
When the small boat reached the
man-of-war's side the officers scram
bled up a rope and the Vizcaya began
to get under headway. As the vessel
ed down toward the Narrows at a
four-knot speed Captain Eulate could
be made out standing on the bridge
watching the distant buildings of New
York as they gradually faded from
view. As the vessel passed through
the Narrows the soldiers at forts
Wadsworth and Hamilton stood upon
the ramparts watching her movements.
No ceremony of any kind attended
the departure of the Spanish man-of
war. She did not salute and the big
guns in the fort were silent as she si
lently moved down stream and dis
appeared in the distance .toward Ha
vana.
The Vizcaya was Just disappearing
beyond the Narrows when a train from
Staten Island ferry brought 200 persons
to Tompkinsville, who had come to
at the cruiser. All they could see
of her was her stern and her flag still
at half-mast aft.
Preparations for sailing were active
ly pushed all night. Shortly after
midnight crates of cackling chickens
and quacking ducks were brought
down from New York and hoisted over
the ship's rail. A steer was also j
brought down on a lighter and hoisted
aboard with tackle. Coaling was con
tinued all night with feverish haste
and early this morning the last barge
was towed awoy.
Captain Eulate received newspaper
men aboard about 10 o'clock this
morning and bade them a hearty fare
well. "I have taken a great interest in
your newspapers," the captain said,
"and leave your beautiful harbor with
regrets. If I could I would be glad to
take you all away with me on the Vlz
caya."
While Captain Eulate was talking
the men on deck went through theirlast
drill, and preparations were made to
weigh anchor and move down the bay
on the high tide.
Captain Eulate listened with interest
to the following questions put to him
by reporters:
"What precautions are taken to
guard the magazines on your vessel?"
"What do you think of our navy
yard?"
"What is your opinion of the possi
bility of complications arising between
this country and Spain over the disas
ter to the Maine?"
To these and all questions of a simi
lar nature Captain Eulate replied with
a smile tha- it would be impossible for
him, under the circumstances, to say
a word. He reiterated the statement
made by him on Wednesday, however,
that he was delighted with the recep
tion he had received in this port and
expressed a feeling of great friendship
for the people of this country.
LOUISVILLE TOBACCO
WAREHOUSES BURNED.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Feb. 25.-The pick
ing, drying and steaming warehouses of
the- National Tobacco Company, situated
at Twenty-fourth and Main streets, were
destroyed by firr- this morning. The loss
will amount to $1,000,000, fully covered by
insurance.
Three men were hemmed in by the
flames, and were more or less injured be
fore they could make their egress. They
%vr-r<--: George Tisshenderf. foroman of
the picking department, whose back is in
jured and who received severe hurts
about the head and chest: William Sem
ple. a picker, whose skull was fractured,
and John Packham, who had both legs
broken and was internally injured. The
last-named two may die.
DENNIS DOREN IS
CALLED TO REST.
Death of the General Superintendent
of Construction of the "Western
Union Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Dennis Doren of j
this city, general superintendent of con
struction of the Western Union Telegraph j
Company, died suddenly to-day at Nor- j
walk, Ohio. His death was due to apo
plexy. Mr. Doren was born in 1830.
\\hen Superintendent Eckert took
charge of the military telegraph line
of the Department of the Potomac he put i
Mr. Doren in charge of the construction j
corps and he later laid the cable from ;
Cape Charles to Fortress Monroe, and the
nrst message over it was the news that
the monitor had destroyed the Merrimac.
He kept the corps headquarters in con
stant connection with the headquarters of
General Grant and General Meade.
In ISM Mr. Doren became president of
the American Cable Construction Com
pany and held that office until the two
cables laid across the Atlantic Ocean by
that company had been leased to the
Western Union Company.
When the American Union and the
Atlantic and Pacific companies consoli
dated with the Western Union Company
In I^l Mr. Doren was made general su
perintendent of construction and repairs,
and held the place until his death.
LIVES OF NINE
LOST IN FLAMES
Tenement House in Charles
ton, S. C, Destroyed by
a Conflagration.
Families Living Upon the Top Floor
Are Cut Off From Avenues
of Escape.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHARLESTON. S. C. Feb. 26.— Nine
lives were lost in a flre which raged for a
short time In Church street this morning.
At 2:10 a. m. a policeman on duty no
ticed big sparks flying from the tenement
house at 160 Church street. The officer
found that a blaze was issuing from one
of the windows on the first floor. The
doors were broken open and the family on
that floor was rushed out without dam
age. Somebody yelled that a family of
women were sleeping on the third floor.
The police rushed upstairs, and when
they reached the top story the life savin*
work was stopped by the flames which
seemed to be playing aJI over the entire
building. Screams from the dying women
were heard, and Officer Bagby rushed in
and pulled out three charred bodies. The
quick work of the flre department check
ed the fire, and it was soon under control,
but not until nine lives had been lost. The
dead are:
Mrs. Rebecca Knlckmeyer.
Albert O'Neil.
Caswell O'Neil.
Josephine Knickmeyer, 7 years old.
Katie Knickmeyer, 16 years old.
Leonora Knickmeyer, 9* years old.
Francis Knickmeyer, 6 years old.
Lillie Knickmeyer, 3 years old.
A baby of Mrs. Knickmeyer's, 1 month
old.
Mrs. Knickmeyer was the wife of Theo
dore E. Knickmeyer, a carpenter.
MEN ARE DYING BY
SCORES ON THE TRAIL
Travelers for the Klondike Succumb
to an Epidemic of Spinal
Meningitis.
SEATTLE, Feb. 25.— The steamship
Cleveland arrived In port a few minutes
before midnight from Dyea. She had on
board thirty-one passengers, two having
come through from Dawson. The body of
William Grant of Victoria, who died on
the trail, was also brought down.
Purser Whitbeck states that he heard
nothing while north that indicated that
the Canadians had planted the British
flag at Summit Lake. He does say, how
ever, that men are dying on the trail al
most by the score from an epidemic of
spinal meningitis. At Skaguay and Dyea
the thermometer has ranged for some
days past at 14 degrees below zero.
The Cleveland was seven and a half
days coming down and encountered heavy
«oas and stormy weather generally. She
passed forty-two steamers, sailing vessels
and tugs.
HAS INSPECTED THE
NICARAGUA CANAL LINE.
Cnpyri&htM, W. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 25.— 1 am informed by
the Herald correspondent with the Nic
aragua Canal Commission, under date of
Greytown, that the commission has
reached that city, thus finishing the trip
on foot from Ochoa. The inspection of
the country and the canal line has been
finished by the commission and it will go
to Costa Rica and Panama next week.
Civil Engineer Mcnocul. who was or
df-red back to the United States for court
martial in connection with defec
tive work on Drydock No. 3 at Brooklyn,
has not yet been able to get away. He
will probably sail for New York in a few
days.
Kock has been found in the river at
Ochoa, the site of the proposed dam.
But One Favorite Wins.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 25.— Glenmoynn
was the only winning favorite to-day.
There was a light rain during the after
noon, but not enough to affect the speed
of the track. The feature of the day was
Terramie's win at odds of 100 to 1.
One mile, selling— Gioja won, Briggs
second, Pert third. Time. 1:43%.
Six furlongs, selling— Terramie won,
Brrtha Nell second, Jim Flood third
Time, l:l6Vi.
Mile and an eighth— Mitt Boykin won
Arrezzo second, John Sullivan third
Time, 1:56.
Mile and twenty yards, handicap— El
kin won. Octave second, What Next third
Time, 1:44%.
One mile, selling— Glenmoyne won Ev
erest second, Celtic Bard third Time
1:45^.
Six furlongs— Gypceiver won, Volutante
second, Udah third. Time, 1:17%
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.-The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Colonel H. C. Corbln. to be Adjutant-Gen
eral, with the rank of Brigadier-General
Postmasters: Arizona— R. H. Chandler :
Calif ornla-W. H. Peck. Lompoc
An Early Morning Blaze.
A defective flue caused a fire on the sec
ond floor of the building at Front and
Merchant streets, occupied by Kummer
& ALben, photo engraver*. An alarm was
turned in from box 26, and in half an hour
the fire was under control. The damage
is calculated at about $509.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
AS TO BOATS
FOR RESERVES
Naval Militia Men Con
fer With the Navy
Department.
Are Interested in the Twenty-
Five Vessels Provided by
the Barber Bill.
They Also Desire Greater Appropria
tions to Secure Uniforms and
Camp Eqiiipments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 25.
A delegation from the Naval Militia
Association of the United States was
at the Navy Department to-day. The
visit of the members, however, was not
in response to any requests sent by the
department, as has been represented,
but was simply preliminary to a visit
to the Capitol, where they are to be
given a hearing by the Naval Commit
tee on the Barber bill to further in
crease the naval establishment of the
United States by the construction of
twenty torpedo boats, designed princi
pally for the use of the militia.
While at the Navy Department the
delegation had a pleasant interview
with Assistant Secretary Roosevelt,
who has general supervision of the
naval militia of the country, and with
whom the provisions of the bill were
briefly discussed. The measure, how
ever, had not been formally referred to
the Navy Department by Congress, and
the officials consequently have not
given their opinion regarding its pro
visions. The boats provided for in the
bill are to, be of about 150 tons dis
placement, to have a speed of not less
than twenty-five knots, and are to cost,
including armament, not exceeding
$2,:,00,000.
Two of the boats, the bill provides,
are to be built on the Pacific coast.
When completed they are to be sta
tioned at the principal ports at which
naval militia organizations exist and
are to be manned by skeleton crews
from the United States naval estab
lishment, ready for the full complement
of officers and men to be filled out
from the militia when drill or other oc
casion arises. The association also
desires to urge upon Congress greater
liberality Jn the appropriations for the
naval militia so that they may be fur
nished their uniforms, camp equip
ments, etc.
Commander E. G. Buckland of the
Connecticut militia, who was with the
party, in a brief conversation just after
leaving Assistant Secretary Roose
velt's room, asked that a denial be
made of the published statement that
he had been summoned here for confer
ence with the officials of the Navy De
partment, and added that his visit here
was simply for the purpose of appear
ing before the Naval Committee of
Congress for the purpose stated.
At the Spanish legation a dispatch
was received from General Blanco re
ferring to commercial questions, and
mentioning incidentally that no change
of any kind has occurred in affairs in
SENATOR PROCTOR OF VERMONT.
Havana. General Blanco's latter state
ment is believed at th<- legation to refer
to the lack of definite and trustworthy
news pe-nding the private inquiries
now being prosecuted by the America n
authorities. In view of this attitude of
those whose official position gives them
the best opportunity fur full informa
tion, Senor Dubosc and his associates
do not credit th- reports of discoveries
tending to establish the causo of the
Maine disaster. The commercial nego
tiations have been somewhat lost sight
of during recent exciting events, but
the authorities at Havana are hopeful
that these may be expedited at an
early day. The Cuban Commissioner
who has been named to treat on lh<"
matter probably will come to Washing
ton before long, although some delay
of necessity will occur owing to the
more pressing questions which have
come up of late.
UNIQUE ENTERTAINMENT.
The Advertising Carnival at the
First Christian Church
Draws a Crowd.
The most original ami unique enter
tainment that has been Riven by any
church in this city for a number of years
was thnt given by the members of tho
First Christian Church for the benefit of
the Christian {Endeavor Society of that
edifice. The evening: wan most enjoyable.
The programme was most interesting:
Vocal solo, "Winter's Lullaby," Miss
Adele Presley; living picture, "Japan";
tableau, "The First Stroke"; piano duet,
"Danse dun Hannetoa," polka rondo
(Edward Hoist), Misses Sophie and I,ucie
Czarneski. pupils of Mme. M. Lada; liv
ing picture, "Flower Cirl"; living picture,
"A Study in Fruit": vocal solo, selected,
Mme. Alice Waltz; living picture, "A
Study in Vegetables"; living picture
"Vanity Fair"; recitation, "The Violin
Fantasy." Miss Alice Warden Boardman;
living picture, "California"; vocal solo
selected. Miss Flora May Bristol; living
picture, "News"; vocal solo. Professor S.
J. Sandy; living picture, "Nature's
Crown"; vocal duet, selected, Mme. Alice
Waltz and Professor S. J. Sandy.
The Wasp This Week.
This week's issue of the Wasp is a
particularly interesting one. As usual,
the editorial features are vigorous and
ably written, while the "X Ray" col
umn fairly bristles with exposes of fa
kers and hard raps at frauds. The mu
sical criticisms of Lucchesi abound with
clever things, and many a make-believe
impresario will wish the Wasp's critic
had never seen or heard him. The
same might be said of the bright theat
rical review, and as for the society gos
sip—it will interest all, and the "Social
Side Lights," by Paul Pry, will be read
with pleasure by every one who enjoys
a good story- on another. In the "Plain
Talks to Public Characters" Rev. Rob
ert J. Coyle is addressed, and every
clergyman and layman as well should
read what is said to the ministerial
gentleman. Long Green Lawrence is
pictured in a cartoon as- a "Modern
Pharisee." and the other cartoons and
Illustrations are notably good.
May Bury Until July 1.
The Western Addition Funeral Directors,
who have the contract for burying the in
digent dead, secured an extension of time
from the Health and Police Committee
of the Board of Supervisors to utilize the
City Cemetery until July l. The man
tiger of the concern argued that when th£
contract was made the proprietors be
lieved that they would be permitted to
carry on their contract to its conclusion
and that it would be unjust to force them
to procure a new burying ground at their
own expense.
Storn's Horses Attached.
The stable of Mat Storn, the horseman,
at Ingleside track, was attached yester
day by Scott & McCord, the hay and
train dealers, for $204 for feed furnished
torn's horses.
CROWNINSHIELD
HAS RETURNED
Important Mission of the
Navigation Chief to
West Indies.
His Mission to San Domingo
More Significant Than the
Captain Admits.
Three Vessels Left South of Cuba to
Cope With Spanish Ships
in Those Waters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
is reason to believe that the trip which
Captain A. S. Crowninshield, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, made to the
West Indies, was more significant than
now appears on the surface. Tanned
by his exposure to the sun. Captain
Crowninshield resumed to-day his
work at the Navy Department. When
I saw him during the afternoon he said
| that he and his son had joined the
Brooklyn in New Yj>rk and on board
that vessel as the guests of Captain
A. C. Cook, commanding, he had gone
! to San Domingo, where his son owned
banana plantations. It was with a
view to benefiting his physical condi
tion as well as to give his son
an opportunity of disposing of his
I plantations that the trip had been
I made. He learned of the destruction
of the Maine while in San Domir.go,
and this hastened his departure from
that place earlier than had been ar-'
i ranged. The Montgomery fortunately
! arrived at San Domingo and picked
' him up, and on board that vessel !:«
| and his son had gone to Port Tampa.
! where they took a train for Washing
ton.
Captain Crowninshield emphatically
denied the report that he had inspect
ed any Cuban harbors or made any
arrangements for a coaling station in
San Domingo. He did not take with
him. he added, any plans of Cuban
harbors with which it is said the de
partment had been furnished.
It is the general Impression in naval
circles that Captain Crowninshield's
■ visit to San Domingo was more impor
! tant than he will admit. In some quar
i ters it is suggested that while on the
Brooklyn he discussed with . Captain
Cook the plan of campaign to be pur
sued by the division of the North At
lantic Squadron south of Cuba in case
of a difficulty with Spain. Some color
is lent this impression by reason of
the fact that the Brooklyn upon leav
ing St. Thomas, where Captain Crown
j inshield disembarked, went to St. Ku
cia, where she will join the cruiser Cin
cinnati and the gunboat Castine. These
three vessels, it is understood, will Join
the gunboats Wilmington, Annapolis
i and Vicksburg, probably at La Guayr.
It is proposed by the administration to
keep three vessels south of Cuba for
the present. There will probably be no
addition to this force, as it is felt that
they can cope with any Spanish ves
sels in Southern Cuban waters, leaving
the northern division of the North At
lantic Squadron, which is at Key West,
to deal with any vessels in northern
waters.
PROCTOR IS
GOING TO
HAVANA
He Admits That He Will
Meet Consul=General
Lee There.
Fears That the Spanish Women of
Havana Will Goad the People
Into an Uprising Against
Americans.
KEY WEST, Feb. 25.—Notwith
standing Senator Proctor's denial of
having any Cuban mission, and that
he was simply South for a fishing and
Pleasure trip, the ex- Secretary of War
sailed from here this forenoon for Ha
vana. He was asked about meeting
Lee in Tampa, but he laughed the
story off and said there was nothing
in it, and when asked about his ohange
of plans in taking this Cuban trip now,
he turned it off lightly, saying that be
ing so near the scene of operations he
thought he would run over and see for
himself the true situation of affairs,
affecting to believe that the reports
from there were worse than the actual
facts.
When asked if he were going to see
Lee he denied the story of being a
special envoy, but admitted after
some questioning that he would be
likely to see Lee— in fact, would de
pend on him for furnishing him accur
ate information, as he deemed Lee a
very level headed and conservative of
ficial, one who would not get excitod
and lose his head in the midst of all
this red-hot discussion.
From an authentic source it is known
that the news sent by your correspond
ent as to the Tampa meeting was cor
rect, but the facts getting to the pub
lic so quickly, it was decided that if
Lee left, even for a day, it would cre
ate too much excitement, and the plan
was changed and Proctor's pleasure
trip was extended to Key West and
Havana.
The special trains prepared by the
Plant System and other details all bear
this out.
Much comment' is made here over the
fact that Dr. W. F. Bruner, United
States Sanitary Officer, who succeeded
Dr. Williams at Havana, has sent his
family here for safety. Dr. Bruner is
a yellow fever expert from Savannah,
Ga., and enjoys the confidence of the
Government and the medical frater
nity to a great extent. He has antag
onized the Spanish officials and the
medical men of Havana by his truth
ful reports regarding the filthy condi
tion of Havana and the prevalence of
yellow fever and other diseases there.
It is known here that he regards the
situation as being very grave, and that
if the report of the inquiry board is un
favorable Americans in Havana will
likely have unpleasant if not dangerous
experiences. Hence he sent his family
here to be out of harm's way.
Mrs. Bruner prefers not to say any
thing about her husband's ideas or
plans, but she admits that Americans
in Havana are greatly worried for fear
of violence from the volunteers and the
mob element, and many are leaving on
every trip.
The Spanish women make life un
pleasant for the wives and daughters
of Americans there by their illy con
cealed jibes and taunts, and by reason
of their influence there are fears of an
uprising, as their sharp and bitter
words lash the volunteers into frenzy.
Offers an Oregon Brigade.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— General
H. B. Cnmpson, late brigadier-general
of the Oregon National Guard, to-day
sent the following message to the Ore
gon delegation in Congress: "In the
event of war with Spain I request you
to tender my services to the President.
I agree to furnish two regiments of in
fantry, one regiment of cavalry and a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VARICOCELE
Pt Will Make an Old Man of You.
Wilms It Destroys Physical Energy,
§:pj Takes the Snap Out of a Man,
W-fe' • Robs Him of Ambition,
LL # T Makes Him Weak and Nervous.
fßobs Him of Ambition,
Makes Him Weak and Nervous.
■1 iMa Nothing hurts a man's vitality more than Vari-
I. J 1 \ cocele. It drains the mental vigor as well as physical
v I \\ jj force, and the man who has it is only ; half the man
/ / xN/B^ •he ought to be. , Nothing cures it so quickly as Dr.
,X L*r~\ J ff Sanden's Electric Belt, which is now ■ arranged es-
\J pecially for this trouble. Its work is done .quickly,
■■';■■-.;■-■ the worst cases yielding in one or two months.
DR. A. T. SANDEX- Dear Sir: lam more than pleased with the results of using
your No. 6 Belt. , I now feel safe in saying that I am permanently cured of the dis-
tressing = Weakness and Varicocele from which I - suffered. I wore the Belt; four
, months continually every night. Now I put it on but occasionally. I will say that
it did for me what all the drugs in the country failed in. I will recommend It to
everybody troubled as I was. Tours truly, FRANK MILLS, San Miguel, Cal.
- October 16, 1597. . ' ■' ■
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure You.
When a remedy has the indorsement of people in all sections of the
State it must be worth trying. ;If you are '■ not well, if : your nerves are :
not' strong, or you have any. sickness, it will cure you. ; Try it. , Book, )
with full instruction and prices, sent sealed, with out marks,, free on ap-
plication. -****.' -
QANTIFN PTTiTTRTr Pfl 630 Market St., Opposite .-
DAJNUHIN ULr-LlnH/ YV?»; Palace Hotel. San Francl«co.
Office hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. : 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.,
20414 South- Broadway; : Portland Or., ,253 Washington st. ;' Denver, Colo., 931 Six- r
teenth St.: Dallas, Tex.. 255 Main st.
' NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— 63o Market st.
battery of artillery, to be called the
Oregon Brigade."
Gallant South Carolina Militia.
COLUMBIA. S. C, Feb. 25.— Several
military companies in South Carolina
have offered their services to Adjutant-
General Watts in the event of war.
Extraordinary precautions are being
taken to keep outsiders from forts and
fortifications in Charleston harbor,
passes from the Secretary of War be
ing required.
Steel Turret for the Porter.
BRISTOL, R. 1.. Feb. 25.— The mam
moth new steel turret for the torpedo
boat Porter now lying disabled at Mo
bile, Ala., was started on its way to
that city to-day, accompanied by two
steel workers from the Herreshoff
works, who will put it in position on
the vessel.
Wrecking Tug Off for Havana.
BOSTON, Feb. 25.— The wrecking tug
Underwriter left for New York and
Havana to-night. Diver Michael Sulli
van left on the tug.
HAVE DONE NOTHING YET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— The general pas
senger agents of the Western roads
were in session to-day, considering the
best methods of carrying on the war
against the Canadian Pacific road.
They did not reach any conclusion and
will resume their deliberations to-mor
row. A strong feeling developed in fa
vor of putting in the cut rates through
the Missouri River gateway as well as
through the St. Paul. The probabili
ties are that it will go in through both
gateways. Having secured the suspen
sion of the long and short haul clause
of the interstate commerce act, the
American roads think they can con
serve intermediate rates without con
fining the cut to any particular routes.
They propose to do this by selling
tickets on the rebate plan, charging the
passenger an amount sufficient to pre
vent him using through tickets to in
termediate territory and refunding
him the difference when he arrives at
his destination. This is the plan rec
ommended by the committee.
The First Cut Here.
To-day the Canadian Pacific makes
the first open move to localize the rate
war by selling through tickets from this
city to New York, via steamer to Vic
toria, for $40 first class and $30 second
class. This is a reduction of $39 first
class and $37 50 second class on the
rates in operation before the northern
lines started quarreling among them
selves
Vice-President Stubbsof the Southern
Pacific, when seen yesterday, seemed
disinclined to think that his company
would take any part whatever in the
war. "If this move of the Canadian
Pacific is a bluff it is a mighty good
one," he said. "The Canadian Pacific
is in the position of a man shooting at
a barn door, while we, if we attempted
retaliation, would only be shooting at
a mark the size of a 3-cent piece. The
travel that we would get by the same
sort of a move in their territory that
they have started in ours would not
conic anywhere near making up to us
the loss we would sustain."
Durrant's Damage Suit.
Judge Hunt yesterday sustained a de
murrer of Horace Smyth to the complaint
of William A. Durrant. against him to re
cover $50,000 damages for slander. The
demurrer was made on the point that
the complaint was not clear as to whether
the plaintiff alleged that the slander
committed in the year 1896 or 1597. The
plaintiff confessed to the demurrer and
Judpe Hunt sustained it. hut granted the
plaintiff ten days in which to amend His
pleadings.
56
SATURDAY FEBRUARY ?fi, i«3 0 S
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PLBLICATiorToFFICE Market and Third SU, S F«
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. i
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by rrjati. $1.53
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rljifis Housa
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street. corner c«ay ;
eperj until 9:30 o'clock. 339 Hayes street: open until
930 o'clock 62! MoAlllster street; open until 9:33
c'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh s t.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk stree:
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bostonlans.
California— Biaeu Pattl Troubadours.
Columbia— "Shall We Forgive Her." '
Alcazar— •■Charley 'k Aunt'
Noroseo's-'The Last Stroke."
Tlroll— "The Vice-Admirai."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Tlialia firman-Hebrew Opera Co., Sunday night
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chiqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanic*' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Co.-.st Jockey Club— Urc^s at Insrleslde to-day.
Coursing — At Union Courßlnu I'ark. tola morning'
Cour6lng — In?leside Coursini* Park, to-morrow morning.
AUCTION SALES.
By Vincent & Gallagher— Monday, February 23, Furniture, at
5*3 Bush street, at 11 o'clock.
By Madison & Burke-Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 628
Market Htreet. at 12 o'clock.
TURN THE RASCALS OUT.
THE attempt of the Phelan Democracy at its
meeting on Thursday evening to cast upon Boss
Rainey the entire blame for the corrupt local
government of the past year is quite certain to prove
futile. The Democratic party as an entirety must be
held accountable for the "Shifty Eight" in the Board
of Supervisors, the "Solid Nine" in the Board of
Education and the general demoralization which has
resulted all around from putting Democrats "on
guard." Otherwise there is an end of party respon
sibility. Rainey can no more be held accountable for
the corruption than Boss Phelan, Boss Sullivan or
any other of the numerous bosses who sport tire
Democratic label.
The truth of the matter is the Democratic party of :
this city, as at present organized, is incapable of i
giving us good government. The sign by which it ;
conquers is "the offices." In this respect Mayor
Phelan is no better than his followers. Upon the
platform he talks statesmanship and reform glibly,
but in the filthy pool he is nothing more nor less than :
a patronage grubber who would load down the muni- I
cipal payroll with his friends, supporters and rela
tives, and perhaps sell his soul for an office. If Mayor
Phelan were as much of a statesman in politics as he '
is an intelligent gentleman in private life he would i
recognize his system as utterly destructive of good j
government and reform. No man who spends his j
time creating and filling offices can ever do anything
for the people.
It is true that the Phelan Democracy, which now
endeavors to make out that Rainey is responsible for
all the boodling which has lately taken place at the
City Hall, has generally opposed the policy of the
"Solid Eight" and the "Solid Nine." But it may be
questioned whether this opposition has been due to
its inherent virtue. The fact probably is that Colonel
Sullivan and his politicians are now howling for
"good government" mainly because Boss Rainey has
had the offices for two years. Had they controlled
the places dispensed by him they might now be apol
ogizing for "Cappun" Delany's combine and de
nouncing the Grand Jury for taking an unfair advan
tage of the angelic Waller.
Among Democrats the offices are the source of all
virtue. If Mayor Phelan's friends were drawing
down the salaries paid kt the City Hall undoubtedly
this, in his eyes, would t>e a model government. The
conclusion to be drawn, as we have already remarked,
is that the Democrats are incompetent. What the
people should do next autumn is not to appeal from
Phillip drunk to Phillip sober by dismissing Rainey
Democrats and placing Phelan Democrats "on
guard," but they should fire the whole crowd for
cause.
What the city wants is a clean Republican admin
istration throughout. A respectable Board of Super
visors, a decent Board of Education and a Republican
Mayor would soon straighten things out. A change
from Democrats to Democrats will simply add to the
■ agony of misgovernment.
There is no more reliable paper in the South than
the Richmond Times. In a recent issue it remarks
that the city of Richmond is making money by selling
gas at $i. The gas is said to be of a quality pro
ducing light, visible to the naked eye. The statement
is quoted not to cause anybody distress, but to assure
local concerns that at $i 75 they can, -by encouraging
their agile meters, keep out of the poorhouse.
There will be no objection to the bill of Boutelle to
pay to the families of the men who died as the Maine
went down the salaries 1 which would have been
earned during a year of service. It is really a much
better idea than to erect a/ monument, although there
would be no objection to /this either if the funds were
to be collected by clean hands.
The proposition to tax bachelors in -New. Jersey
excited some interest until the public realized that it
was only a new way for Charlotte Smith to make a
fool of herself. The lacly is under no obligation to
thus exert the peculiar faculties which have won her
fame. She is already made.
A cowboy regiment would make a great impression
in Cuba. A lot of horses of the untamed variety
cowboys ride were sent to that island once and suc
ceeded in making a lot of impressions just about the
" size of a soldier in repose.' I
__♦
There may be no danger of war. but all the same it
is pleasing to observe that the Government is over
hauling the powder magazines throughout the coun
try and getting ready for the unexpected.
The gentleman who proposes to erect a fence 150
feet high should be firmly told that if he do so he
will deserve to be kicked over it and football teams
hired to practice on him. >
It is strange that the representatives of Spain in
this, country should have so i generally consisted of a
»o ; ce and a gaudy, uniform. ; - ';---. ,
FOR IMMEDIATE RELIEF-
PATRIOTIC sentiment and popular sympathy
for the families of the brave sailors who per
ished at Havana with the destruction of the
Maine will have in San Francisco an opportunity to
manifest themselves in a form of practical charity
next Monday evening at the entertainment arranged
by the directors of the Mining Fair for the purpose
of raising a fund for the relief of the stricken house
holds.
The public will bear in mind that the money raised
at the fair will be applied for the immediate relief of
those for whom it is intended. Moreover, the entire
net proceeds will go to the families of the dead sea
men of the Maine. There will be no 10 per cent
rake-off for "wealthy men" who will agree for that
consideration to undertake the collection of the
money. Nor will the fund be kept indefinitely "in
trust" until the persons designed by the public to be
the beneficiaries of their charity are forced to sue the
trustees "for accounting and distribution.
At a meeting of the committee appointed by Mr.
Denicke to take full charge of the work of relief it
was decided that the money raised should be given
without delay to those for whom it was designed
and for whose sake the people have been invited to
contribute. This decision was reached after
an effort had been made to have the fund, or at least
a portion of it, turned over to a self-constituted trus
tee for a monument enterprise or for some other pur
pose that would leave the money in trust for a long
time. The determination of the committee was,
therefore, well considered and is final. All the money
raised will be devoted to the relief of the families of
the noble dead, and the relief will be immediate.
The people of San Francisco can hardly need urg
ing to attend the fair on Monday evening and help
to swell the fund designed for a purpose that appeals
at once to the sentiment of patriotism and the in
stincts of humanity. The families of the heroic dead
need help. Their strong support has been taken from
them. The men who by their service on the Maine
earned the honorable wages that maintained their
loved ones at home have perished. The savings
which a sailor's family can store away are at best
but small. To them, therefore, relief should be gen
erous and immediate. San Francisco leads the way
in the performance of this public duty and her people
arc counted on to see to it that the sum raised will
be worthy of the cause and the city.
Let the date be remembered. Let the people get
ready. All minor engagements should be put aside
on Monday evening in order that the attendance may
be large enough to fill Mechanics' Pavilion to over
flowing with generous, loyal, charitable, patriotic
people. True hearts should prompt willing hands to
show the sympathy of action and liberality on an oc
casion of this kind. The appeal is for the immediate
relief of the families of the American sailors who died
at the post of duty. The response will show the ardor
of our patriotism and the fervor of our sympathy.
GOOD RAINS fIT LAST.
AT last the rains have come, and, what is more,
they have come, it seems, in season for the
greater portion of the crops throughout the
State. The fears of drought have vanished and every
prospect now justifies the hope that the farmers and
orthardists of the State will have good harvests to
profit by the advancing prices caused by the general
revival of industry in the manufacturing centers and
the increased consuming power of the people.
It would have been a calamity indeed to have
a diy spring in California this year. After an almost
rainless fall and winter a lack of rains between this
time and the coming of summer would deprive
the State of almost every advantage it has expected
fr.m the return of better times. As it is we can
look to the future with sanguine expectation. The
augmented demand for wheat, wool, cattle, hops,
truit, taiMns, wine and oil will find Californians in
the market with a bountiful supply.
The benefits resulting from the rains will accru«»,
not to the rural districts only, but to the whole State.
The stimulating effects of the refreshing showers will
be felt in business as well as in the fields. The throngs
of Eastern people on their way to Alaska in passing
through the State for the purpose of outfitting in San
Francisco will see the whole Commonwealth flourish
ing in the possession of present good and buoyant
with expectations of the future.
Words of cheer come froim all sections of the
State where the rains have fallen, and the area has
been a wide one. Santa Clara County reports: "The
rain came in the nick of time. Orchardists are de
lighted, as well as ranchers and stock-growers."
From the San Joaquin Valley comes the statement:
"The crops are in splendid condition, and should two
or three inches of rain result from this precipitation
the harvest of grain will be immense." From Napa,
Woodland and Santa Cruz come similar reports, and
only in the southern counties are there still to be
heard expressions of doubt and anxiety concerning
the crops in districts which lack the advantages of
irrigation.
As a whole the outlook for the State at present is
decidedly bright. The long dry spell is broken and
the rains promise to be ample to make sure the pros
perity of the people by harvests of a bountiful char
acter. (
There has arisen a strange and unjustifiable habit of
ridiculing the naval reserve. It would be fair to per
mit this organization at least to have a trial. The
local organization makes a fine showing in times of
peace, and when boats are to be manned a volunteer
who has cultivated a pair of sea legs is certainly as
valuable as one who has never smelt salt water, and
in all probability more so.'
Actor Ratcliffe is finding the way of the trans
gressor so hard that it must make him wish he had
traveled some other. He is now being sued by two
women for divorce and alimony and lias to face the
public opinion that each deserves more than she
asks.
Spain's claim that the court of inquiry is discrim
inating against the accident theory is hardly borne
out by reports reaching this country. And, strange
as the fact may seem to Spain, this country is also in
terested.
«■
While there is so much talk of Spain's buying
battleships there appears no good reason why the
United States should not go into the market if ne
cessity arise and do a little bidding herself.
It is said that Lee has not advised Americans to
leave Cuba, and yet a really prudent American find
ing himself there would be apt to act as though he
had received advice of this kind.
The fact that England and Russia are so notably
at peace that correspondents make a memorandum
of it shows that each is yet uncertain whether it can
lick the other.
De Lome is said to be bitter. He left that sort of
impression,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
THE OUTBREAK IN OAKLAND.
IT was natural and perhaps inevitable that the out
rageous water job perpetrated by the shameless
six of the Oakland City Council should have re
sulted in an outburst of public indignation that threat
ened the summary punishment of one of the betrayers
of public trust. Official corruption tends to popular
violence, as ex-President Harrison pointed out on
Washington's birthday, and the only way to surely
guard against the one is to remove the other.
Popular outbreaks undoubtedly have an effect
tending to check governmental wrongs. They
frighten the perpetrators of corrupt acts and serve as
a warning against repetitions of the offense. Not
infrequently base men in office, who have been indif
ferent to the law, to reason, to justice, to honor and
to decency, have halted in their course, retreated and
yielded when confronted by an enraged community
threatening personal punishment and showing an in
clination to inflict it sternly and swiftly.
Notwithstanding these things, however, a commun
ity loses more than it gains by such demonstrations
of violence. In a country where government is of
the people, for the people, by the people, there should
oe in the law itself sufficient redress for any and all
forms of wrong that may be committed. The people
of Oakland should not forget that it was by their
votes five of the shameless six were elected to office,
and the remaining offender, appointed to office, would
have been powerless for harm without the support of
the elected gang.
There seems a fair chance for Oakland to obtain
redress for the wrong done her citizens by an appeal
to law. If the result prove that the schemers have
been cunning enough to carry out their outrage
within the forms of law, then Oakland will have had
an impressive lesson on the importance of electing
honest men to office, and if her people profit by it the
increased water rates of this year will be none too high
a price to have paid for the benefits that will result.
In the meantime the directors of the water com
panies and their tools in municipal offices would do
well to give heed to the meaning of the popular out
burst in Oakland on Thursday night. Official cor
ruption in the interest of corporate greed has become
a sore point with the American people. When so
eminent a man as an ex-President of the United
States, on an occasion so solemn as that of the anni
versary of the birth of the founder of the republic,
makes that offense the subject of his speech and ad
dresses a stern warning to the offenders of the con
sequences of their offensive acts, it is time for even
the most reckless wrongdoers to pause and consider.
Water companies have been serious offenders
against public morals in California, hven at the
present time the water company of Los Angeles is
threatening an act of spoliation wnre, if possible,
than that attempted at Oakland. The people have been
irritated to the limit of endurance with respect to
these offenses, and the significance of the outbreak
of Thursday is a warning to all concerned to beware
lest worse befall them.
SHfILL WOMEN PAY TAXES?
A PROPOSITION is before the Illinois Legisla
ture to exempt from taxation all property
owned by women until woman suffrage is se
cured by an amendment to the constitution. It is
put forward by the suffragists in the expectation that
it it pass their prayer for the ballot will be speedily
granted. A powerful movement is already behind it
and an outsider can easily wish that it may become
the law for the sake of the instruction that would be
in the subsequent events. It is shown that in Chicago
alone there are ten of millions of dollars in property
standing in the names of women, and it is estimated
that in the whole State such ownership of property
is so large that the exemption will greatly reduce the
amount derived from taxation and will make it ne
cessary to largely increase the assessment and levy
upon all property that is in male ownership. It is
expected, of course, that under this spur the men of
the State will be positively tumultuous for woman
suffrage.
We leave out of the question whether exemption of
property, not by it 3 use but by its ownership, will
stand the judicial test, for we prefer to consider the
movement as intended by its advocates, to advance
the cause of woman suffrage.
Is it true that it will incline all men to that cause?
Obviously it will not. Experience proves that
where there is an exemption of property from taxa
tion, based on its ownership, the tendency is for prop
erty to flow to the point of exemption. If church
and ecclesiastical property is exempt the church and
ecclesiastical organization begin immediately the ac
quisition of property until its accumulation in their
ownership becomes a menace to the State. They
accumulate because exemption from taxation enables
them to pay a higher price than buyers whose own
ership is without such advantage. Therefore in Illi
nois the exempt class would finally absorb all the
property. Not only has our sister woman specula
tion in her eyes, but our brother man would imme
diately proceed to confer his estate upon her in a
trust partnership profitable to both, and he would
never vote for woman suffrage because it would de
stroy the profits of the trust. Nor would our wise
sister woman care for the shadow of suffrage when
she enjoyed the substance of ownership exempt from
taxation. Therefore, instead of a step toward suffrage
this exemption would set against it the impassable
barrier of self-interest and the pride and profit of
possessions. The State would find itself impoverished
by holding on and at the same time be unable to let
go, for men, being exempted by the new law, which
enabled them to tie all property to the family apron
string, would refuse to vote for its repeal. The State
would be driven to support itself by occupation taxes,
licenses, excises and those means of revenue which
arise in the use of property and not in its ownership.
This Illinois experiment is so original and interest
ing that those who are not to be affected by it should
desire it tried for the sake of the lesson that is in it.
When the Vizcaya started from New York her course
was not toward the bottom of the bay. The atten
tion of £pain is respectfully called to the fact. It
illustrates the difference between being civilized and
being something else.
By means of a newly designed apparatus all the
cows In a dairy can be milked at once, a vacuum
tank being connected by pipes with air-tight pails
near each animal, with flexible rubber tubes for at
tachment to the teats to draw the milk into the pails
as soon as -the valves in the pipes are opened to ap
ply the suction of the vacuum tank.
Express and mail cars are to be fitted with a new
safeguard to prevent robbery, consisting of a trian
gular compartment set In the side of the car. with
one end pivoted to allow the opposite side to swing
outward a short distance and open the loop and
sight holes through which a gun has a range along
the side of the car.
To do away with the rudders of ships a new steer
ing apparatus is being used, which will turn the
boat around without the use of its propellers, a shaft
being set across each end of the ship's hull with
small propellers at each end and power aplied to the
center to revolve them and turn the boat
EAD NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, and you'll get a very good Idea of
— i^^ how the perennial revolutions are started in the Central American
I Republics.
|)^J President Gutierrez has written toafriendinthis city that one is
I "1 ripening in his capital. A "professional revolutionist" is in this
j| % city looking after the business interests of the forthcoming revolu
% tion, and indirectly he tells how it was born and how it is being
developed.
That's only one of the features in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
There's a rattling good story about the rush of several compa
nies of United States troops to suppress what was reported to be a
threatened Zuni uprising. It proved to be a Zuni "witch chase," and a good
deal of feeling has been aroused over it.
What the reputed witch did, how she was punished by the high priests
of the tribe and daringly rescued by a white woman is told in detail In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The description of voice pictures and how to make them will more than
repay you for the cost of the paper— s cents. It's a fad that will interest
you from a scientific and a good many other points of view.
Then there's a chance given you at the same time to see what a beauti
ful picture is made when Jessie Bartlett Davis of the Bostonians sings "O,
Promise Me." As a contrast is the rugged picture made by the voice of Eu
gene Cowles when his great bass shakes the instrument in one of his
famous songs.
Of course, you're taking a great deal of interest in the Maine disaster,
and, like everybody else, you're eyes are centered on the wrecked vessel lying
in the bay before Havana. If the wreck affects people way off here so tre
mendously, how do you suppose it affects the everyday people engaged In
everyday life in Havana? Red-handed revolution has stalked through the
island for several years now, and Havana and its people have been threat
ened time and again.
How do those same people employ themselves during all this excite
ment?
How do they amuse themselves?
Read NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, and you'll find a graphic description of
life in Havana as it is in the midst of all this hubbub, worry, excitement and
death.
Ice farming as conducted on the Truckee is an exceedingly lively and
busy life while it lasts. NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL tells all about the inter
esting life of the hustling mountain ice farmer, his terrors of a snowstorm
and the very slick way in which he harvests his crop -while the summer
boarder is hibernating in ease and high hopes.
The law recently proposed in Ohio by Assemblyman Parker to regulate
marriage by physical examination has caused a great deal o-f discussion
East and West. Read in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL how some San Francis
cans regard the problem.
The disaster to the Maine has started people to talking about torpedoes.
How they're used and the difficulties of using them, and a whole lot more
about torpedoes, big and little, is fully set forth in NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL.
Pages of graphic pictures and columns of interesting stories Ij
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
BUY IT! FIVE CENTS READ IT!
THE CUBAN GOVERNMENT.
The Cuban Government I found to be
working with just the same routine as
any well-recognized government. Major-
General Bartolome Maso, the President of
the Cuban republic, impressed me as be
ing a very conscientious, energetic and in
telligent man, and, above all things, a
great patriot, and one who has the repu
tation of being one of the most honest
men on the island. He was born in
Manzanillo in ]834. and took part in the
insurrection of 1868. On the 24th of Feb
ruary, 1895, he left Manzanillo, and has
been in the field ever since. He was
elected Vice-President of the Cuban re
public on September 18. 1895, and elected
President October 20, 1597.
The Vice-President, Mendez Capote, is
also an exceedingly bright and clever
man, and is a great diplomat. He has
the rank of brigadier-general, and was
born in Cardenas, in the province of Ma
tanzas. He holds the degrees of LL. D.
and Ph. D. from the University of Ha
vana, and is secretary of the Spanish-
American Light and Power Company,
Consolidated, and was counsel for the
railroads of Havana.
The members of the cabinet are also
very competent and intelligent men, be
longing to some of the best families in
Cuba. The Secretary of War, Brigadier
Jose B. Aleman, is a native of Santa
Clara, and is 34 years old. He is not
only a planter, but the editor and owner
of La Defensa, a Liberal newspaper pub
lished In Santa Clara, and has served
as Alderman of the Santa Clara Munici
pal Council.
The Secretary of the Treasury, Colonel
Ernesto P'ons Sterling, was born in Ha
vana. He is 28 years old and belongs to
one of the best families on the Island
The Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
Colonel Andres Moreno de la Torre, was
born in Cardenas, in the province of Ma
tanzas. He is 38 years old and holds the
degree of LL.D. He is the owner of a
sugar plantation nnd Is a well known law
yer of Havana and Cardenas.
The Secretary of the Interior, Lieuten
ant-Colonel Manuel Raymond Silva was
born in Puerto Principe. He is 30 years
old and holds the degree of doctor of
medicine and Is a well known physician
in Puerto Principe.— Harper's Weekly
THE SECRET OF THE WATERS.
Dead, down there In that tepid sea
Where the sharks hold high their revelry.
Some sailors have found a sailor's grave,
Beneath the turmoil of wind and wave.
Away from the battle Of free and slave.
Dead, and their ship is their winding sheet,
Its folds of Iron around them meet
And hold them close in a cold embrace.
That the hungry sharks may not displace.
Dead are they, and the great white ship
Has gone with them on their final trip;
Together they rest down in the deep—
Ah, me! will the waters the secret keep
Which clasps In its hand the sunken Maine
And Cuba's to-morrow, and the fate of Spain?
\V. J. L. In New York Sun.
LAW AND MATRIMONY.
A correspondent has requested Law
Notes to advise him how many women a
man may marry at once without violat
ing any law. This being a mixed question
of law and love, and our specialty being
law, we feel some hesitation in express-
Ing our opinion. There seems to be no
reason why he may not marry as many
as will have hirfi, provided the ceremony
be not performed "In a Territory or other
place over which the United States has
exclusive jurisdiction."
The curliest statute on the subject of
polygamy (I. Jac. 1, c. 11) enacted "that
if any person or persons within England
and Wales, being married, or hereafter
shall marry, do marry any person or per
sons the form«r husband or wife being
alive, each offense shall be felony." The
statutes 35 George 111, c 67. and 4 George
I c 11, have merely changed the punish
ment (1 East P. C. 464). The statutes of
the several States go no further, in
terms, than to provide that no person
"who has a former husband or wife liv
ing shall marry another." Under these
statutes It would seem that it wna not
unlawful for a single man to marry as
many single women simultaneously as
can place themselves within reach of his
voice and the voice of the preacher or
officer performing the ceremony.
It may be that a court to whom a ques
tion were presented would, by some re
finements and subtleties, and by "consid
ering the intent of the Legislature," and
construction of the statute "according *o
its spirit," etc., devise some means by
which to interrupt the wild career of con
jugal felicity which our correspondent
proposes and send him to jail, but Law
Notes, construing the statutes as all penal
statutes should be construed, strictly, sees
no offense in the multifarious marriage
which he has in mind. We feel indisposed
to extend the language of the Legisla
ture so as to make It include cases not
embraced in its terms. It is not unrea
sonable to presume that Hie Legislature
READ
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Intended merely to protect Innocent and
unwary persons from marrying others al
ready married, In Ignorance of the pre
vious marriage, and to prevent wives and
husbands from deserting their consorts
for others. We do not know that the
Legislature Intended to prevent a man
from marrying more than one woman
simultaneously, when it could so easily
and in such few words have said so.
This position finds strength in the fact
that the Edmunds act (act Con. March
22, 1882,), declares expressly. In addition
to the usual provision, that "any man
who hereafter simultaneously, or on the
same day, marries more than one woman.
In a Territory or other place over which
the United States has exclusive jurisdic
tion, is guilty of polygamy," thereby rec
ognizing that the usual provision does
not meet the case in question.— Law
Notes.
SIGSBEE'S GREATEST GLORY.
The Army and Navy Journal in its
last issue, commenting upon the Maine
disaster, says of Captain Sigsbee:
"Again has the country received proof
of the character of the men who com
mand our navy. Could there be a more
severe test of a man's quality than that
to which Captain Sigsbee was subjected?
How well he met it is shown by his first
dispatch, in which he counseled a sus
pension of judgment as to the cause of
the calamity. It is those who suffer most
from this disaster — who are best able to
Judge of its full extent and appalling sig
nificance — who have been the most calm
and collected, and who have done the
most to restrain hysterical utterances and
to prove to the world that Americans may
always be depended upon to show In the
presence of a great emergency the calm
ness of true courage; the reservation of
an Invincible resolution which can wait
until the proper time comes for its ac
tion.
"It is a gallant action to blow up the
enemy's warship in time of war as did
William T. Cushing. It is an equally
gallant action to stay by your own ship
after she had been blown up, amid dead
ly peril of more explosions, until your
men are off; and It argues even a higher
and nobler gallantry to stand between
this awful experience and an imminent
outbreak of popular frenzy and by cool,
brave counsel avert the greater calam
ity. This did Charles D. Sigsbee. No
man ever better earned the thanks of
Congress. His country already thanks
him and is proud of him."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ST. MICHAEL— S., F. and others.
There are a number of companies that
are or shortly will be engaged in the
carrying of passengers from this city to
St. Michael and other points north. The
announcements of such companies will
be found in The Call in the advertising
department.
No mail will leave for St. Michael until
the latter part of March or the early part
of April.
SECOND PAPERS— J. S. D., City. If
at the time you made your declaration to
become a citizen of the I'nlted States
you said that your name was John Doe
and were known as such at that time,
you will have, on applying for your sec
ond papers, to obtain them under that
name and be Identified as the party
named In the first paper, and the identi
fication will be necessary, as, since you
made the declaration, you have parted
your name in the middle by the use of the
initial S. If the officers who Issue Bec
ond or final papers are sticklers you will
probably have to file a new declaration
and then wait the allotted time before the
second papers can be issued.
RIVERS— O. O. 8., City. It la Impos
sible to give the exact measurement of
the great rivers of the world, for the rea
son that no measurements have been
taken and all figures ar'« estimates.
"Which is the longest singlf river In the
world?" Is a question that cannot be an
swered, for there Is not a river that at
some point or another is not fed by a
tributary; but if by the question is meant.
"Which is the longest river in the world
having one name?" then the Amazon is
entitled to that claim. It is estimated
thut its length is 3750 miles*. There are
some who set up the claim for the Mis
sissippi; but upon examination it appears
that the Mississippi proper from fts
source to where it Joins the Missouri is
it is estimated. 3200 miles; from there to
the ocean is about 1200 miles. The Mis
souri, from its confluence with the Yel
lowstone to Its confluence with the Mis
sissippi, is about 2100 miles. The Yellow
stone is about 1000 miles long, and then
from the confluence of the Mississippi and
the Missouri to the ocean being about irxx>
miles, that would make a grand total of
421)0 miles. But that is not a single river
The next longest in the world are: The
Congo, 3500 miles; the Yeneaei, 3400 miles
Nile is 3000 miles long.
COLLECTED IN.
THE CORRIDORS
I. P. Ware, U. S. A., is at the Cali
fornia.
J. H. la HoJcome, U. S. N., is at the Oc
cidental.
A. L. Foster is at the Palace froth Hart
ford, Conn.
S. E. Holden, the Napa banker, is at
the Grand.
Lieutenant J. J. Bradley, U. S. A., is at
the Occidental.
C. L. Ruggles of the Stockton Independ
ent is at the Grand.
W. S. Patter, a Colorado mining man, is
a guest at the Lick.
W. E. Richards is registered at the
Lick from Nevada City.
A. O. Petersorff. the Bakersfield wine
grower, is at the California.
C. H. Burs of Chicago is registered at
the Occidental with his wife.
J. Warren Green of Brooklyn, N. V., ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
David M. Ellis arrived at the Occidental
last evening from Philadelphia.
P "W Murphy, the millionaire rancher
of San Luis Ob'ispo, Ifl at the Palace.
Jessie Bartlett
Davis, at pres
ent playing with
the Bostonians,
was the recip
ient of a very
pretty compli-
WON A
CHILDISH
HEART.
merit last Thur9-
I day night from one of her juve
nile admirers In Los Angeles. Mrs.
Davis seems to have the faculty of mak
ing children her friends, so when Mr.
Morgenstern, the cashier of the Bald
win, received the following letter with
a twenty-dollar bill inclosed he was not
as astonished as he would have been
were he not acquainted with the unusual
Influence the pretty singer exercises over
the little people:
Los Angeles, Feb. 21. IS9B-
Friend Louis: When the Bostonians
were here ray little daughter, Helen, went
to the matinee and fell head over heels
in love with Mrs. Davis, and will glva
me no rest until I have some flowers sent
to her. If you will have the inclosed
money Invested in some nice flowers ana
sent to Mrs. Davis (Jessie Bartlett Davis)
with the inclosed card you will greatly
oblige me. She will know who they are
from. Yours truly. A. C. JONES.
Mr. Morgenstern did as requested and
the floral piece that went over the foot
lights was one of the finest that have
been received since the company has been
on the coast.
F. A. Oray is registered at the Grand
from his country home at Ben Lbmond.
Frank Brown. ex-Governor of Mary
land, Is registered at the Palace from
Baltimore.
Colonel Forsyth has come down to the
city from his home in Fresno and is at
the Occidental.
Sheriff W. B. Johnson of Riverside and
Rev. W. D. Nichols of Palo Alto are both
guests at the Grand.
"William F. Holden has gone East on a
business trip that will keep him in Chi
cago for the better part of March.
Mr. Charles A. Plllsbury. a large wheat
man of Minneapolis, is at the Palace,
where he will remain for the next two
weeks.
Judge C. C. Bush of Redding is at the
Palace. The Judge, who has always been
one of the strongest supporters of the Re
publican party in his section of the coun
try, did most effective work in the nom
ination of Blalne in ISS<. He will remain
here for some Hays.
The following
sequenca of
events that took
place, yesterday
are Illustrative
of the old adage,
"a small begin
ning often makes
A
DOG-GONE
GOOD TIME.
a great ending.
A dog was sitting on the sidewalk In
front of the Lick, when a cigar butt
thrown from one of the windows of the
hotel fell, striking him on the head. Ho
started up with a mad yelp of affright
and ran full tilt into the legs of a stout
old gentleman who was coming hurried
ly along, upsetting him completely. Tlie
old gentleman used violent language and
picking himself up grabbed a small boy,
who was standing by laughing rt his
discomfiture, and proceeded to box hfs
ears while reading him a lecture on the
respect due from youth to age. Two
express wagons stopped to see the fun
and when it was over and they started
to drive away their wheels became en
tangled. The drivers, after abusing each
other like a couple of drunken pirates,
climbed down off their wagons, in re
sponse to mutual invitations, and a rough
and tumble was soon In' full swing. An
immense crowd gathered, two policemen
appeared on the scene and took charge
of the belligerent drivers, while a wo
man, who got mixed up In the crowd
and who had fainted with fright and ex
citement, was taken into a neighboring
drug store and treated for hysteria.
The dog was the only one connected
with the whole performance which did not
suffer in some way or other. He dis
appeared at the inception of the trou
ble and was not seen again until every
thing had quieted down, when he was
noticed standing on the corner and quiet
ly smiling to himself as if he had some
good joke that was all his own.
Salted Almonds, 50c lb; Townsend's. •
■ ♦ ■ .
Horehound Candy, 15c lb; Townsend's. •
' I ♦ » ;.
The most nutritious food for Alaska Is
Townsend's Cal. Glace Fruits; will keep
in any climate; 50c !b. 627 Palace Hotel. •
« ♦ «
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses : and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • ,
« ♦ m
Mrs. Bradley Martin has the finest col
lection of diamonds in America. She has
whole ropes of them, each stone almost as
large as a filbert and as clear as a dew
drop. Mrs. August Belmont, however,
owns the finest collection of ..emeralds,
surpassing those owned by Mrs. Sloane
and Mrs. Stevens. : .
'■■ ■ ♦ ■
Get a home; $1000 cash and $40 per month for
a few years will buy . the prettiest house In
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
R. E. McGtll. 18 Post st.
".♦ . _
" Brown's Bronchial Troches " ■ are unri
valled for relieving Coughs, Hoarseness and all
Throat Troubles. Sold only in boxes.
.;■ ♦ ■
Angostura Bitters are endorsed by all the.
loading physicians and c lemlsts for purity and
wholesomeness. Get the penulne.— Dr Siegert's.
■♦ ■ ■
Ex-Minister Robert Lincoln's daughter,
whose marriage with Warren Beckwlth
disturbed Mr. Lincoln's serenity and filled
the public ' prints ' recently, has arrived in
"Aloka, I. T. , with her ' husband, who is
trying to', buy a sheep ranch. They seem
contented with their lot. Beckwith is an
enthusiastic fox hunter, and is pointed
Out upon the street as the man who wears
I a turkey ■ red sweater. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal Baking
Powder is the
greatest health
saver of the
century.SAILOR BOYS
FOR THE NAVY
Fifty Apprentices Sent to
the Bennington and
Baltimore.
They Had Lots of Fun on the
Wharf Before the Mari
posa Sailed.
"Cilmbsd the Fences and Visited Ad
jacent Saloons in Spite of
Watchmen.
Thore was considerable amusement
•on thp Oceanic dock yesterday prior to
'the sailing: of the steamer Mariposa
for Australia. Fifty apprentice boys
and two marines were brought down
from Mare Island on the tug Unadilla.
They are intended for the gunboat Ben
nington and the cruiser Balitimore.
now at Honolulu, and were landed at
Pacific street wharf to take passage on
the Mail boat. The boys wanted to
take a run uptown the worst kind of a
way, but the instructions to the dock
officials were not to allow them off the
wharf. It was impossible to keep them
■in. however. They could not pet past
Harry, the gatekeeper, but they did
manage to climb the fences at the head
of the v. harf and made their escape in
that way into the street in squads.
Finally a watchman was put on each
fence and an attempt was made to re
strain the boys in that way. but it was
useless. Two or three of the boys
would keep the watchman busy while
two or three nmre would slip past him.
Before anything could be done the lads
would be nver the fence and down East
street on the run.
The apprentice hoys are all from the
Bloop-of-war Adorns, and have com
pJeted one cruise. Thirty-five of them
have been drafted for th~ Baltimore
and fifteen for the Bennington. On the
completion of this cruise, if they be
have themselves, they will rank as
first-class apprentices, and will be in
Jine of promotion to petty and warrant
ere. Some Of them did not make
a very pood start yesterday, as they
took advantage of their escape from
the wharf to purchase tobacco and
rigars, and some of them came back
elightly the worse for liquor.
The apprentice boys on the Mohican
will not go to st>a for some time, or, in
fact, not until the trouble with Spain
is settled. In fact, there is some talk
of sending the Mohican back Jo the
navy yard to be built up and of trans
ferring the boys to the Independence
in the meantime.
The Mariposa innk away quite a
number of passengers, the bulk of
■whom were for Honolulu. A big crowd
of people were down to see them off,
and everybody on the ship was decked
with flowers brought down by their
friends and relatives. President San
ford B. Dole had a wreath around his
r^'k and stood on the poop deck sway
ins; backward and forward with the
motion of the ship and waving adieu
to the bevy of young ladies who had
kissing him good-by in his cabin
ten ir.inutes previously. President
1 < >:<"> ivas in a particularly good humor.
and annexation seemed very far away
from his thoughts when the st»am«»r
liarked away from the wharf. The fol
lowing passengers went out on the
Mariposa :
For Honolulu— C. W. Babcock. E. J. G.
Bryant and wife, Mrs. M. A. Bullard, S.
B. Cannell, Mrs. Bruce Cartwright, San
ford K. Dole, President of the Republic
of Hawaii; Mrs. Dole, James T. Duncan,
S. Freeman. Mrs. T. S. Freeman, C. F.
Hall, E. C. Holmes. Mrs. C. E. Holmes.
Miss X. Holme?. Major C. P. laukea. W.
('.. ]rwln and wife. Miss Irwin and maid.
Mrs. Ivers, Mrs. Ida Johnson and two
children, Charles Johnson, A. E. Kaesp.r,
Mrs. C. C. Kennedy and child, Miss Ken
nedy, Mrs. J. B. Kennedy, three children
and'maid. Dr. P. S. Kellogg. Dr. G. Klein
gruenther and wife. Mrs. J. C. Kirkpat
rick. Miss NVwlands, F. A. Perry. O. S.
Richardson, Miss F. Ricp, A. L. Sackett,
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder and child. Miss M.
A. Schroeder, J. B. Shepardson, "U". S.
Shepardson, Mrs. E. B. Sherman, H. D.
Fmith. Mrs. K. H. Taber, W. P. Whitley,
Mrs. \V. H. Willets.
For Apia— Guy f'livp.
For Sydney — Thomas Geddes, Mrs. E. A.
Lundy, Miss Lundy, F. S. Mason and
wife, J. D. Russell. Miss Grace Reihm, A.
P. Richardson. Miss Samuel, Miss K.
Samuel, P. Steinfeld, Miss Madeline
Toohy.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed for
Puget Sound ports yesterday with a
big party of Klondlkers on board. The
usual crowd was down to see the pros
pectors away, and there were many
tears shed when it came to saying good
by.
While the rush to the valley of the
Yukon is in full swing, that to Kotze
bue has not fairiy begun. Vessels are
being put on the berth every day, and
It seems that a big number of fortune
hunters will try their luck in that sec
tion of the country this year. Among
the vessels that will get away next
May one of the best equipped will be
the bark Catherine Sudden. People go
ing by her are forming themselves into
companies, and are taking out with
them outfits that will last two years.
If they fail in the search for gold they
art taking plenty of provisions and
MAKING A BREAK FOR ' ONE MORE BEER."
The life of the watchman on the O ceanic dock was made miserable yesterday by fifty apprentices from the navy
yard who were going to Honolulu on the Mariposa. The boys were not supposed to leave the wharf, but although
lalf a dozen men were watching them ihey succeeded in scaling the fence and getting out Into East street. Some of
them only went over the fence for devilment and immediately went back to the entrance to josh Harry, the jolly
tratekeeper. Others, however, made a rush for the adjacent saloons and came back slightly "under the weather."
trade along to barter with the natives.
The Sudden will remain in Kotzebue
Sound sixty days, and anybody who
gets tired of the venture can return
free of charge. A gr^at attraction to
the K.tzebue Sound prospectors is the
fact that there is no mountain climb
ing no long and tedious voyage on the
Yukon, and absolutely no obstacles to
at once beginning the hunt for gold
when the head waters of the river are
reached. The Catherine Sudden is to
be built up. and first-class accommoda
tions for 160 passengers will be provid
ed.
P. A. Rlley, employed by the Beaver
Hill Coal Company, had a narrow es
cape from drowning yesterday morn
ing. Had it not been for his excellent
lung power, he would have certainly
lost his life. Peter took a scuttleful
<-f ashes from the company's office to
Howard-street wharf, and in throwing
them overboard he did it in such a vig
orous manner that he and the bucket
went into the bay. His. yells for help
awoke the night watchman, and he
woke the whole neighborhood with his
police whistle. Peter sank several
times, but whenever his head appeared
above water his yells for help and
"murder" cculd be heard for blocks
around. When he was going down for
the last time some one thought of
throwing him a rope, and the old man
was haulefc ashore in all exhausted
condition. It took the whole neighbor
hood to provide him with a dry suit of
clothes, and his get-up was such a
wonderful one that hundreds of people
visited the coal yard during the day to
get a look at him.
The bark Semlnole has been sold to
Captain C. Taylor of Seattle, who will
in the future command her.
The oil steamer George Loomis has
marie a record-breaking round trip M
Ventura and back in the very fast time
of 63 hours. She went down light, but
brought back 6317 barrels of oil.
The steamer City of Columbia, on her
way here from New York with a party
of Klor.dikers, struck a rock while en
tering the harbor :;f Valparaiso. At the
time it was not thought she was much
damaged. She was put on the drydoek.
however, and her injuries were found
to be serious, as a cable received by
the Merchants' Exc^anee yesterday
states that it will take twenty-five days
to get her ready for sea, and the necos
COUNTING GIJEEN OUT.
sary repairs will cost $19,000.
The Italian cruiser Calabria, one of
the finest vessels of her class in the
Italian navy, is on her way to San
Francisco. On January 19 she was at
Buenos Ayres, and was to leave there
for Valparaiso, and then calling at
other South and Central American
ports her commander expects to roach
here next April. She will remain, h-re
some time, waiting instructions from
Rome.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
RYAN PLAYED
WITH GREEN
The Californian No Match
for the Crack Eastern
Welter-Weight.
Eighteen Rounds of Sharp and
Clever Boxing at Wood
ward's Pavilion.
Weakened by Constant Punishment,
the Local Lad Was at Ryan's
Mercy the Last Few Rounds.
George Green, "the Western won l
der," is a dead 'un.
Tnmmy Ryan, the Eastern wonder,
proved last evening, in Woodward's
Pavilion, that he was Green's master
at the game known as fisticuffs. In
fact Ryan was pood to Green by hold
dins back his heavy fire when he could
have easily used it to good advantage.
But Ryan knew from the start that
the game was easy and consequently
he did not distress himself. He played
a handsome parlor game for ten or
twelve rounds, and then growing tired
of showing the friends of the Western
"wonder" bow neatly he could block
Mows for the stomach, duck adroitly
away from right and left swings or side
step with ease wild rushes, he sailed
into the rotund body of his opponent
and the sharp and telling right and
left hand jabs at short range greatly
disturbed the well-fed bread basket of
the local welter-weight.
Green felt the sting of the glove and
he made several wild attempts to land
his right on Ryan's jaw, but he might
just as well have tried to land on the
clock which counted him out, in the
eighteenth round.
Billy Kennedy, superintendent of
the Olympic Club, visited The Call of
fice last evening and said that Ryan
had consented to fight Walcott under
the auspices of the Olympic Club at |
catchweight. and that the match '
could be made at any time Walcott
or his manager desired.
Kennedy further said that Ryan had \
consented to meet Green again at 146 i
pounds, and would guarantee to knock
him out in six rounds or less. Doubt
less the Walcott-Ryan match will be
arranged.
Betting oji th<=> fight closed with Ryan
a strong favorite at 10 to 5. In the
Paris rnutuals considerable money was
bet that the fight would end in eighteen
rounds or over. Some of the sports
evidently were "posted" on the game. |
The pugilists agreed to divide the
fighter's end of the purse.
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
Green entered the ring nt 0:1". o'oinck,
accompanied by his seconds, Eddie
Oreany. Joe rhnynski, Frank Foster
and Bob McArthur. Ryan followed a
few seconds later, esquired by Billy De
laney, Spider Kelly and Henry Baker.
Billy Jordan announced Ryan as the
"Eastern wonder" and Oreen as the
"Western wonder." Green received the
most cordial reception.
James McDonald, the famous base
ball umpire, was introduced as the ref
eree. The announcer stated that Tom
O'Rourke had telegraphed challenging
the winner of the contest to a fight with
Joe Wolcott, but O'Rourke did not
state in his wire what weight he want
ed them to fight at.
As the men came together in the cen
ter of the ring with their seconds to
talk about clinches, it was noticeable
that Ryan had the advantage of an
inch or more in ht-ght and that his
arms were the longest. Roth appeared
about the same weight, 150 to 105
pounds. They agreed to hit with one^
arm free in the clinches.
FIRST ROUND.
As they came to the center for the first
round, both fiddled and danced around for
a full minute. Green was the first to lead
and Ryan ducked away easily. Ryan next
put in a light tap on Green's stomach.
Ryan kept a perpetual s»mil»* on his face.
Ryan reached with his long left and
caught Green lightly on the face. A clinch
followed. Both men light on their feet
and dancing around each other warily.
Ryan marvelously quick with his hands
aiid feet. The round endfl without any
damage to either. Cries of "Good boy,
George," at Green's clever showing.
SECOND ROCXD.
Green rushed at the opening of the sec
ond, resulting in a clinch. Green rushed
again and Ryan ducked away. Green
lands a hard left on the Jaw, Kyan coun
tering on the eye. Ryan's constant smile
seems to provoke Green, who rushes
again without effect. Ryan keeps his
brows elevated and his head partly down.
He looks somewhat like Choynski, and
his fighting style is similar to Corbett's.
Green swings for the head but the East
ern boy was not there.
THIRD ROUND.
At the commencement of the third
round Ryan ducked far away from
Green's opening rush, and stood up to re
ceive a left on the side of the face. Green
also planted his left on the body. Ryan
doing very little fighting, but trying to
draw out hiß man and let him expend his
strength. Ryan executed a clever side
stop to the right and left, coming with a
straight left on Green's nose. Green tries
a left uppercut and misses by a yard.
Ryan's longer reach is more apparent as
the men get into close quartets.
FOURTH ROUND.
Ryan opened the fourth round with a
rush, landing left and right on the body.
Green swung his left for the head, land
ing lightly. Ryan rushed Green to the
ropes, landing left hard on the body. He
rushed again rind Green turned quickly
sinking his left Into Ryan's stomach
Ryan never gave an inch as Green landed
a left swing on the neck. Green put his
right on Ryan's breast and knocked his
head back with a glancing left on the
forehead. Ryan rushes his man to the
ropes in Green's corner and they ex
change hard body blows. McArthur one
of Green's seconds, joshes Ryan from the
ringside and Ryan replies in" kind, laugh
ing and fighting right on all the while
FIFTH ROUND.
Tn the fifth, after considerable fiddling
Ryan crowds Green to the ropes and gets
the worst of a hot exchange. Green
flushes Ryan on the nose with a straight
left. Ryan puts in a hot one on Green's
body. Green lands a terrific left swing on
Ryan's jaw. but Ryan, partly blocking its
effect with his glove, smiles the more
Ryan exhibit" extreme cleverness but
does not try hard to land.
SIXTH ROUND.
Ryan opened the sixth round with a
hard straight left on the mouth. Green
lands heavily on the body and rushes
Ryan, when the latter runs away. Green
swings his left around Ryan's head and
gets a stiff right on the ear. At close
quarters Ryan puts another hard one on
Green's already swollen mouth. Green
swings left and lands lightly on the head
as the round ends.
SEVENTH ROUND.
Ryan lowered his position several
Inches into a crouching posture as he
came up for the seventh, and Green \
rushes into a clinch. Green receives a
hot one on the ear and another in the
body. Ryan rushes and puts in a left up- j
percut on the jaw. Green tries a left up- !
percut breaking from a clinch, but Ryan ;
was not there. Green gets in a, good "one
on the body and two li^ht jabs on the ''
nose.
ETOHTH ROI'ND.
They came together with a clash at the
opening of the eighth round. Ryan
blocked a left swing cleverly with his
glove. Green landed a nose warmer and
Ryan's smile faded for a minute. A hot
exchange followed in Green's corner
Both men were somewhat winded, and
there waa little execution done in this
round.
NINTH ROUND.
The usual opening rush announced the
ninth, and Ryan tried a left swing with
out landing. lie then grazed Green's nose
with his left. Ryan with his arm blocked
Green's left swing, and clinchod. Green
swung again and Ryan caught it on his
glove. Ryan rushed and Green slipped "to
the floor in hi« own corner. Ryan landed
a hard right on the body. They exchanged
left and right cuffs at* the face In close
quarters.
TENTH ROUND.
At the beginning of the tenth Green
rushed, Ryan stepping to one side. Ryan
received a hard left Ln the stomach. They
clashed, exchanging hard blows at the
body. Green exhibits considerable clever
ness In side stepping and ducking. Green
lands a left swing, and as Ryan clinches
puts his left twice on the face. Green
rushes Ryan to his torner. Ryan puts in
a left swing on the neck and they ex
change hard blows on the body. Both
are making a good stand-up fight of it
now. Green lands hard on the neck as
the round ends, and Ryan, smiling a
pleasant "Thank you," goes to his corner
with a broad grin on his face.
ELEVENTH ROUND.
Ryan dropped his posture again several
inches in the eleventh, and as they came
into close range an even exchange re
sults. Great exhibition of science, but no
hard blows. Green gets in a hard upper
cut on the stomach. Ryan slaps back at
him with his left on the face. Green tries
another left uppercut, which Ryan re
ceives in the stomach again. Both swing
right arid left without effect, clinching.
Green side steps and avoids a left swing.
TWELFTH ROUND.
Ryan's side-stepping and ducking was
the feature of the first part of the twelfth
round, coupled with a hot left swing on
the neck that Green landed, ln Green's
corner Ryan landed a couple of hard ones
on the face, and Green retaliated on the
body. Green tapped Ryan's nose smartly,
and it angered the Eastern boy, who
fought back viciously. They exchanged
some stiff blows on the face at close
range and the round ended in an uproar.
This was the first time Ryan really let
himself out and he fought Green to a
standstill. The California boy was greatly
distressed as he went to his corner.
THIRTEENTH ROUND.
Ryan rushed, beginning the unlucky
thirteenth, planting his left straight into
the pit of Green's stomach. Ryan feinted
with his left and crossed with his right,
landing lightly on the face. Green landed
left and right hard on the body. Ryan
ducked prettily from a left swing and
also blocked a rapidly following left up
percut with his glove. Green punched
Ryan in the stomach as the round closed.
FOURTEENTH ROUND.
Ryan stooped lower than ever as he
came up for the fourteenth with a do or
die expression on his face, from which
the smile was departing gradually. He
ducked his head and led with his left, but
Green hopped away. Green swung a hard
right, which encircled Ryan's neck. Ryan
cuffed Green on the face lightly with his
left glove. Ryan then swung lightly with
his left and quick as a flash planted a
terrific right into Green's stomach, and
Green never thoroughly recovered from
the effect of this blow. Ryan stopped a
well-meant uppercut and they exchanged
stiff, blows on the body.
FIFTEENTH ROUND.
Ryan did most of the fighting in the fif
teenth, Green contenting himself with
carefully guarding his sore stomach, try
ing an occasional and usually unsuccess
ful return. Green was greatly distressed
and worried, with Ryan the picture of
confidence and apparently unharmed.
SIXTEENTH ROUND.
Green showed his splendid grit in the
sixteenth round. Sore and distressed,
after Ryan buffeted him all over the ring
for two" and a half minutes, he turned on
his antagonist toward the close of the
round and fought back like a tiger, so
that Ryan clinched to prevent damage.
SEVENTEENTH ROUND.
Many thought that if Green could pull
through to the twentieth round he would
be entitled to a draw at least, and that
was what the lad seemed to be playing
for. Ryan forced the fighting, however,
and Green was in no condition to with
stand his onslaughts. They exchanged
left and right swings on the head with
telling force. Ryan blocked a left upper
cut and received a swing on the neck as
he rushoil in. Green backed away and
then rushed in, landing with his left on
the face.- Ryan ducked another swing
and missed one of his own. Green very
weak and clinging at every clinch.
EIGHTEENTH ROUND.
The end came for Green in the eight
eenth round. Ho did some clever duck
ing, avoiding many a wicked smash, but
there were many that he did receive, and
he had neither strength to fence them off
nor land back at his stronger opponent.
After a clinch and a light exchange Green
sank to the floyr, remaining down nine
seconds, when he staggered to his feet,
but fell hack again in a heap and was
counted out, Referee McDonald announc
ing Ryan the winner amid a terrible up
roar.
The irrepressible McArthur then clam
bered into the ring to dispute with the
timekeepers who counted Green out, but
two or three husky policemen who had,
climbed in after him gently tossed him
over the ropes on to the hard floor and
the excitement subsided. Ryan grasped
Green's hand, and Graney and his other
seconds helped the defeated but not dis
graced local champion to his dressing
room.
The preliminaries afforded some lit
tle entertainment as appetizers for the
spectators prior to the eventof theeven
ing. The first w.as a three-round set
to between Fred Babcook of Pennsyl
vania and Hugh Dougherty of Chicago.
It was evenly contested and Announcer
"Billy" Jordan did not render a deci
sion.
Next came a four-round bout between
Tony Florence of San Jose and Grant
Rogers of this city, and they furnished
one round of h^ fighting, ending in a
complete knockout.
Rogers rushed his man from the
start and gave him no rest. He floored
him twice with straight arm punches,
Tony staying down each time nine sec
onds. He fought back hard when on
his feet, but was clearly outclassed,
succumbing finally to a left Bwing just
before the first round ended.
Joe Kane and Pat Lynch, both of this
city, then came on for a six-round con
test, Frank Allen acting as referee.
Both men weighed about 150 pounds.
Lynch was the aggressor from the
start, and his superior condition told
in his favor against Kane's science.
The bout was declared a draw.
Inflammatory Rheumatism.
Prom St. I^awrence Plalndealer, Canton, N. T.
To suffer for years with a prevailing
painful ailment, which baffled skillful
medical treatment, yej which was cured
by a simple household remedy, is the lot
which befell Mrs. George L. Rogers of
West Main street. Canton, N. Y.
"Thirteen years ago," said Mrs. Rogers
to a reporter, "I was attacked with In
flammatory rheumatism and a complica
tion of diseases.
"You can judge somewhat of what I
endured when you look at these hands.
They were distorted, twisted and swollen.
My foot, too, is so much out of shape that
the big toe lays across the others, the end
touching the little toe.
"Notwithstanding I am 65 years old,
have a pleasant home and other comforts,
life to me was far from enjoyable, for all
other things pale into insignificance when
you are without good health.
"I tried different doctors and many pro
prietary remedies, but no permanent ben
efit was obtained.
"Last March I tried Dr. "Williams' Pink
Pills for Pale People, and before I had
finished the first box I began to feel that
they were doing me good. I continued
using them and steadily grew better.
"I have used thirteen boxes of the pills
and to-day feel better than for the past
fifteen years.
"My appetite is good, I feel bright,
cheerful and have a desire to live and en
joy society.
'"'I have been a member of the Metho
dist church for many years- but for six
years was unable to at-tenn. I am able
now to attend the church services regu
larly and certainly appreciate that priv
ilege.
"1 consider Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People a wonderful medicine, and am
confident no other medicine could have
effected the wonderful cure they have in
my case.
"I am glad to state this, hoping that
some sufferer may profit by It and obtain
relief."
It was nature s own remedy that ac
complished this cure caused by impure
blood, for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People are composed of vegetable
remedies that exert a powerful influence
in purifying and enriching the blood.
Many diseases long supposed by the med
ical profession to be incurable have suc
cumbed to the potent influence of these
pills. This universal remedy is sold by
ail druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO^
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
rpHIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
■*■ bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who had lost all hope of
health are amazed at the wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. ■ Immediate relief
Is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of which would have been Impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
UCDIfCC Insomnia, -Hysteria, Chronic
nClllCvi Headaches. Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervous Debility and all Its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments. t
DUCSIII ATICM and all kindred diseases
illlEUniM I lOtfi of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
PITADDU of the Nose, Throat, Lungs and
UH I Hnnll Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails.
HI flflll Aft!?! QlflM diseases of all
DLUIIU flllU OlVin classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
fIICEACfCC of the Heart, Stomach, Liver,
V lOC Ad CO Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
, organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with unfailing success.
I ARBEC Thia Electro-Medical Combined
LHUIEOI treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women.
UfDITC 1f you cannot call, and get tire
If 111 I C Doctors opinion of your case. .
CONSULTATION FREEtfSKE
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
DESKS Ig|pi|ip^
office"'" : fiMi!
FURNITURE. IsP^i
WE MUST REDUCE STOCK.
We have decided to sell the REMAINDER of
the ' Desks which we purchased from C. F.
Weber & Co.
AT COST.
■ These Desks are marked
in PLAIN FIGURES.
NOTICE THESE REDUCTIONS!
DESKS formerly $75.00 now &30.00
DESKS formerly $35.00 now 927. 00
DESKS formerly $28.00...... .now 924. 00
BOLL-TOP DE3KS from 9/0.00 'UP
.'Be Sore and See Us Before Buying.
GEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.,
638 and 640 MISSION ST.
000000000000000000
'Z?H f PALACE wj
ZGRAND^TJ^so
q SAN FRANCISCO. .[
Tf -.. Connected by- a covered passage-way. "
;P. 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. €>
© All Under One Management.: O
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : Q
g\ European PIan. SI. OO perday and upward rt
** American Plan. B*3. oOperday and upward W j
O " Correspondence Solicited. Q |
O ■.-'■■ JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK. Manager. o
00000000000 OO O O 00 0
DR.MCNULTY:
■ TMfrMT.-Er.L KNOWN AND RKLFABLE OLt)
.L specialist Prlvate.Nervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseases of 1 only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book, free, i'atient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
<lalty;6:3O toB.3ocv'ss. Sjndays,lotol2. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. ; Call or address
P. ROSCOE JIeSCLTT, M. I>.,
2C'_ Kearnr Street. San Franciico. <"al.
jumii'iiiiiMißi;
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. ■ Ulcers ■
In Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK REM- ■
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- ■
C AGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital SB
SoOO.OOO. Worst cases cured In la to 35 days, m
100-page book free. " H
I^EUHHIBHIb bBDHBIKhIB Sl^^bßhßSESu^^ESßi^
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful .- phroa.siac and specitic tonic
■ for the sexual and urinary organs of both
rexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys - and * bladder. A great Restorative. '
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
■ NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
128 Market Street. 8. (Send for Circular.)
' ! "l3^Jß^ injection. <
$> A PERMANENT CURE \
J 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea < '
V and Gleet,' guaranteed' in from 3 to 6 ' ,
1| ' days ;no other treatment required, . • 5
- 111 1 - ;"•■: Sold by all dxnggists.V. 5
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S «™'
g3ai Museum of Anatomy
1 Bra\ ice: maseet si.tot. 6th* 7ti > - 7 - cij -
£ \ 3 ■ The l.»r,;»>t of Its kind in th- WwU.
!lslls>\ DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
AtrvCTn • ; Coo§nlt«tlon free. H'rite ft>r Book .
fO I^Phllpspphy;.of Marriage.
• Id . *.'-"' HAILED FRIt. ,
We will aend you a f:re '5) <".ny trial
V lICMfI treatment of the French Kemedy
W mC.n I] CALTHOB Tree (no C. 0. »*•) and
1 nr-^S" fl a legal guaruitee that CALTHOB will
%<P rf - ■ BTOP JM«ch«rxm «nd Em!wlon«,
■kt'ilai -"'iJ CUHEPp^rmntorrUomVnricocele,
Mb* "^(V^ffl . *»»d KKSTOKE Lost VI C or. «s»
E^MW^Q It cost* you nothing to try It.
IVOnMohICO. 440 B BaleAnfriouiA;U.Cladßa»tl,a
ELIXIR OF W riUKt
The pnr» essential extract from the native dnifr. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without 't» noxioiin elements. No sickness cf stomneh|
HO Tomlt.ng ;no costivenef g ; no headache. All i>ni>fK'st3.
V.^t^^^^£'>-lM Bl|l? All & non-poinonona
*«^^iß^^^"^W^d remedy for Gonorrh<«a,
.^■■roCHEb^BJ gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JHHTjd l to s da.Ti.^H vV hites, unnatural dig-
JBV Gu»r»nt«:(l V charges, or any inllamina-
Bmim Dot %o ttrieiore. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P conugion. tion of mucous niem-
tTSIrHtEYANS CHEMTH Co. branee. Non-astringent.
CINCINNATI, O.BH Sold b7 J>ra|TSi»««,
.^Hk n*. s. x Jll S ? r Bent in plain wrapper,
' 4^B^l^^/ py express, prepaid, for
'iSVH^I ii- 0 or 3 bottles. $2.73.
~ ;■ i Circular s-int on request.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND ; WASHINGTON ■' BTS.— RE-
| modeled and : renovated. KING. ; "WARD A
CO. 4 :: European "> plan.' • Rooms 1 50c ■■ to *$1 50day,"
$5 "to $8 week. ; $8 to $30 . month. ■: ' Free * baths :
hot and 'cold, water every room: flre grates Id
•very room; elevator runs all njght.
. - AMUSEMENTS. ■
cftiZaZrc
\FRIEDIAND£JJ GOTTLOB &C»it»ui* •/whmhi
Matinee '■ To-day, To-night, • Sunday . and All ;■:
Next Week. ■ The Accomplished Actress,
——MARIE WAINWRIGHT
In Jacob Lltt's Production of the New Drama
•"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
.A stirring play of human interest adequately
staged and acted. ■ : ' •
March 7— Primrose & West's Minstrel*.
. tSTIDUWIIt* 60TTL0B &C? USSIIS ««m«u«»
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIANS.
Presenting, the Operatic Success;
«->££»" THE SERENADE."*??^
Sunday Evening— R. E. PEART In
a final lecture. Talk Upon Klondike. -• ;
NEXT MONDAY— ROBIN HOOD. » -
Seats Now Ready.
I RJEOLANDEB &OTUOB aC°u»sut »nmi«o
LAST TWO NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAT. .
BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS!
■_ At remaining performances — WALK
contest for \ gold medal and championship of
the world — open to all comers. ...
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. FEB. 26.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chll«
dren, 10c, any part.
LINA ' PANTZER. danseuse Fille de Fer:
DAMMAN TROUPE, Europe's marvels; MAT-
THEWS & HARRIS, the laughmakers; GEO.
W. DAY, monologue comedian: M. C. LAW-
REI.'CE, trick bicyclist: FILSON & ERROL.
a laughing hit: ADELMAN & LOWE, xylo-
phone artists; MAUD HEAL PRICE, vocal-
ist and mimic; THE BIOGRAPH, last week;
all. new scenes. '  .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kkemng. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS.
THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH,
The Vice=Admiral!
NEXT VCEEK— Requested revival " of ' "
"riiE GEISHA !"
The brilliint Japanese musical comedy.
Popular priAs — .... 25 and 50c
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
ALCAZAR BEATS ph b oV
nL ' VTV T n^' Main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT ASTD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY),
THEN FAREWELL TO
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
The Season's Greatest Success.
MONDAY NIGHT— "FALSE SHAME."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Third Week of the Popular Actor, :
HARRY mAINHALL,
:In the Great Cuban War Drama
"THE LAST STROKE."
Grand Tableaux. THE SINKING OF THE
MAINE. Great Battle Scene! Exciting Fire
Scene • • ' ' '
Evening prices, ,10c, 25c and 50c. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday.- .
STANFORD DAY!
"Rah, Rah, Rah! Rah, Rah, Rah!
Rah. Rah
STANFORD!"
Mining Fair
AN D KLONDIKE EXPOSITION.
MECHANICS' PAVILION. *
THIS SATURDAY— There will be souvenir .
spoons for ladies, free bags of , candy for chil-
dren and the latter admitted for 10 cents each.
"STANFORD DAY"— Address at 3 p. m. by '
David Starr. Jordan; at night, special features.
Academic Athletic "League Contests continued
to-night. .
Re-engagement . of the Wonderful Lozells,
Spanish rings; appear 3:30 p. m. and 8:45 p. m. ;
thrilling and sensational; Rogers & Bennett's
Band. - ■ ■ ■■" • • ■ ■ :i
SUNDAY (TO-MORROW)— Society
day; drilling for banner. Each person visiting.
Fair to-morrow has one vote on most popular
society. Don't - miss it. Symphony Concert.
German Songs. H-
MAINE BENEFIT MONDAY, FEB-
RUARY 28— "Battle of Winchester." Extra
features.' Help the families of those who lost
their lives in the . Maine disaster.- Tickets on
sale at - all newspaper offices', at Pavilion, by
committeemen and at many places of business..
Auction sale of donations March 5 at Pavilion.'
For details of latter, address T. J. PARSONS,
104 -Market street, or any committeeman.
Admislson. 25 cents. Children, 15 cents.
Olympic Club Day— March 3. .
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine,
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and 1:15 P.M. Daily.
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va- '■
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny "street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore, street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. .- ;.;;v
INTERSTATE COURSING CLUB
, OF CALIFORNIA.
THIRD ANNUAL INCLOSED MEETING.
To Be -Run at
UNION COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
February 26 and. 27, Commencing at 11 a. m.
Take S. P. trains, -leaving Third ' and Town-
send streets— Saturday, 10:40, 11:30, 1:45.. Sun-
day, 10:15, 10:40, 11:30, 12:30. . ..
Trains leave Valencia t and Twenty-fifth
streets 5 minutes later,' or take San Mateo
electric cars. • '_
ADMISSION - - - 25c.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK. >.
BIG STAKE! BIG^TAKE! BIG STAKE!
32 DOGS V32 DOGS!
ONE DAY! •___ ONE DAY
SUNDAY, A.M. SUNDAY, 11 A, M.
CHIQUITA
The "Condensed Cuban Patriot
will RECEIVE every afternoon AND
;••:•■ EVENING this week COSTUMED IN ,n'
T HE NATIONAL COLO F*S I
■— THE CHUTES —
:10c to all,: Including Vaudeville: children. So. •
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
- "German-Hebrew Opera Co. : .
SUNDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY; 27, — - S
' Second : , Week sof : the \ Great ■ Success. ■ .
■—"THE JEWISH PRIEST."
ni VMDI A Corner of Mi son and - >
* _ZL._ *:_ - .Eddy Streets. .
1 "America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. ''
- Great - new " bill > of; artists— CEClL . MARION, '
SENORITA INEZ. MLLE. ANTONETTE.
FRED BROWN. COUCH, v MILLER, ; FUNTA [
and others.
House heated. Admission tree , __
78
DRINK THE
WATER FROM
BOG LANDS
Disease-Laden Liquid
Supplied to the
Angelenos.
Marshes Tapped by the
Mains Running to the
City.
Sewage and Barnyard Filth
for Which the People
Have to Pay.
CAUSE FOR COMPLAINT.
But a Few Miles Away Ara Pure
Mountain Streams Which Might
Be Utilized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 25.— Seated on
a footlog crossing the Los Angeles
River, upon which is marked in large
letters "Property of the city of Los
Angeles.'" which marks the location of
the famous or infamous Pomeroy &
Hooker tract, a condemnation suit con
cerning which has been pending for
more than five years while the City
Water Company has collected $1,600,000
from the people in water rates; sur
rounded by mud, brush, horses and cat
tle. The Call representative hereby at
tempts to give the people of the State
of California something of a descrip
tion of the water supplied to the people
of Los Angeles.
The ground over which the stream
flows is verdant, which speaks well for
the kind of soil, a thick loam, furnish
ing the best quality of mud. The sur
rounding country consists of bogs and
lowland swamps, and flowing into this
section are numerous channels from
the surrounding towns, where the sur
face flow of water continually adds
to the volume of the stream.
Burbank is situated about one and a
half miles from here, in the upper part
of the sloping land. The mountains are
about eight miles distant. The land
gradually slopes down to the Los An
geles River, which is the only drainage
stream from all the surrounding coun
try for a distance of forty miles. Thus
it will be seen that the water which
flows in the river is nothing more than
an outlet for all the surface flow of the
entire valley from its mountain source
to the ocean, thirty miles distant.
The water itself has much sediment
and foreign matter. The stream for its
entire length is lined with fungous
growth and its banks are the pasturage
for herds of cattle, sheep and horse, as
well as the sites of many barn yards.
The town of Toluca is situated about
two and a half miles up the stream,
with other towns and villages farther
on, whose sewage can find an outlet
only through this river.
Thus it will be seen that the Pome
roy & Hooker tract is the central part
and the diverting point at which this
river water is to be transferred from
the river bed into prepared conduits or
pipe lines to be furnished as water for
domestic purposes in the city of Los
Angeles. The site or land is situated
about 340 feet above sea level, being
about SO feet above the center of the
city of Los Angeles, which is about
twelve miles distant. This site is what
has been proposed as the future source
of water supply for the inhabitants of
Los Angeles.
The Crystal Springs, of which more
will be written later, is just a few miles
below this site and is acknowledged by
all to contain an impure, undesirable
substance, animal and vegetable mat
ter, and is therefore not fit for dorms
tic use.
The Pomeroy & Hooker tract was of
fered to the city for $30,000 about six
years ago. A committee abo-ut that
time went to the place to make an In
vestigation of it, with a view to having
it supply the city with water for do
mestic purposes. The committee start
ed from Los Angeles armed with sand
wiches and beer. In impenetrable jun
gles of willow, nettles and flags, the
committee became confused — yea, in
deed lost, mired down in the mud and
stuck fast. A rescuer appeared.
"Billy" Mulholland (everybody knows
him) came along about that time. See
ing the City Fathers in such a predica
ment, he volunteered to rescue the
committee, and it was soon on land,
high and dry above the main marshes
of the stream. During the confusion,
incident to their journey through the
jungles, the commltteemen lost their
sandwiches and beer; but "Billy" was
well armed for the occasion.
Starting out from the corner of Ala
meda and Marchessault streets, from
the well-filled exchequer of the water
corporation which does business in that
particular part of town, he was pro
vided with champagne and turkey, and
la, the committee appointed to protect
the city's interests and look for a new
water supply fell down and worshiped
the corporation champagne. The com
mittee felt so grateful to its benficent
rescuer that all proceedings were im
mediately changed. New plans were
laid, and the city, instead of purchas
ing the lands, proceeded to litigate. A
condemnation suit was instituted, and
the tract that would at that time have
cost but $30,000 has already cost it more
than $50,000, together with $1,600,000 in
water rates, and Providence only knows
whether the litigation is any nearer a
settlement to-day than when it first
began. The people are becoming tired
of this protracted lawsuit and its
costs, w\hich, added to the undesirable
quality of the water, make the propo
sition ridiculous to continue the case
or even to consider the tract as a feas
ible source of supply.
It would perhaps be interesting to
the reader to be informed as to the
method contemplated for developing
■water in these low marshes and river
beds. The system is known as the per
colating system, which consists of a
main conduit or underground flume dis
tributing or throwing out branches in
various directions beneath the surface
of the land desired to ,be drained. This
■would necessitate the excavation of a
great deal of earth, roots and debris,
and would be a considerable expense.
The water percolates through the soil
above into these trenches below, the
water being conducted into the main
conduit, thence to the main trench and
then into the reservoirs for distribu
tion. This system is used in the Crys
tal Springs district, end is the means
used to provide water to the citizens of
Los Angeles.
It seems strange that any sane peo
Scene at the Point Whence Los Angeles Derives Its
Water Supply.
p!e should ever contemplate the devel
opment of water in such a place, when
but a few miles distant there is an
abundance of sparkling water direct
from the snow-capped mountains in an
abundance that cannot be exhaust* <l.
There are sites in the mountains for
storage reservoirs and places for devel
opment that can and undoubtedly will
furnish a storage for an abundance of
pure water for the citizens of Los An
geles. This water from the mountains
can be easily led down to and connect
ed with the mains that are now laid
from the swale lands of the Crystal
Springs to the reservoirs of the city of
Los Angeles.
The mountains immediately above
these marshes are all Goverament
lands, and have been by proclamation
of the President created into a forest
reservation. Those mountains will nev
er be settled — in fact, are not capable
of settlement, and the strong hand of
the Government will forever protect the
watershed from the intrusion not only
of settlers, but of cattle, sheep and
other animals, and will forever protect
and preserve the natural purity of the
melting snows that fall thereon during
every winter season.
But this discussion is hardly ger«
mane to the original point of this arti
cle.
As to these low marshes again: Think
of this water seeping through the roots,
decayed branches and underwood into
the subterranean channels. Think of
the amount of surface water which
flows over this, and much of that sur
face water will undoubtedly find its
way into these underground conduits.
Notwithstanding any precautions that
may be taken, hundreds of cattle are
continually grazing over this land and
the adjacent territory, and horses,
hogs and other animals wander about
at their will. This %vater can never
be considered healthful and can never
be made of use to the citizens of Los
Angeles.
The valley through which the river
flows is called the San Fernando Val
ley, and it is very productive and ex
ceedingly rich. New farms are con
tinually being started along the entire
valley. Thus the number of cattle,
farm houses and barns are continually
increasing and the entire flow of the
water which drains this section must
find its way to the ocean through the
only course, the Los Angeles River.
There can be no stop or limitation
as to the amount of herding done in
this section. The only place whereat
to obtain this underground percolating
system must be along the borders of
the river. Hence if the site were to
become the head works for the city of
L<>s Angeles it must in a very few
short years change its source of sup
ply or Jose its credit for being a city
for health and recreation and find a
source of pure water for its domestic
purposes.
It has been a question in the minds
of the people of the city of Los An
geles for a long time as to who was the
real owner of the Pomeroy & Hooker
Tract. The nominal owners are both
wealthy men and amply able to make
a long and strenuous fight if they
should see fit and if their interests so
dictated, but the contest has been such
a one and the circumstances have been
of such a nature as to indicate that
there were forces at work other than
that of the ownership of the land in
volved.
At the time of the first negotiations
the city had voted bonds to acquire a
water works system. These bonds
were carried by a majority of 5 or 6 to
1, and it looked very much as though
the day of doom for the City Water
Company had arrived.
In these desperate straits something
had to be done. The head works were
about to be acquired when the little In
cident of the "Lost Committee" oc
curred. Then the Council immediately
changed front and instead of purchas
ing this site instituted a condemnation
suit, which by delay after delay has
resulted in five years of litigation.
Who has been benefited by this de
lay? It certainly has not benefited
Messrs. Pomeroy & Hooker. It is said
that they have been to an expense of
$50,000 in conducting the litigation, and
their judgment for damages, which now
exists and from which they are prose
cuting an appeal, is for only $30,000.
Manifestly they haye 1 not been bene
fited by the law's delays.
The City Water Company, on the
other hand, has been able to collect
$2,000,000 in water rates and the trivial
sum of $50,000 expense has amounted to
very little with it. It is noted by the
people that the attorneys that repre
sent the water company represent
Messrs. Pomeroy & Hooker. It is ob
served that the expert engineers in the
pay of the water company advance
their opinions on the trial on behalf of
Mesrs. Pomeroy & Hooker also. Tak
ing the facts together, first, as to who
has the money, second as to where the
interest really lies, and third the fact
that the engineers and attorneys are
the same, and the people are led to be
lieve that the City Water Company has
some interest in the condemnation suit
of the Pomeroy & Hooker tract, and
that the selection of this tract — or
rather the selection of the means by
which it was to be obtained— was one
of the biggest steals from a munici
pality that has ever been instituted in
Western America.
A steal of $2,000,000 has already been ef
fected, and now the City Water Com
pany is laying its plans deep and mys
terious and is controlling the press of
this city for the purpose of effecting
another steal of about the same mag
TIIE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
The Los Angeles River at a Point Where the City-
Has Placed a Sign to Indicate Ownership.
nitude. The question arises with the
citizens <>f Los Angeles as to whether
or not a second $:.', 000,000 steal is guing
to be permitted.
The facts in regard to the Pomeroy &
Hooker tract and the $2,000,000 collected
in water rates while the litigation has
been delayed, have never before been
properly presented to the people of Los
Angeles before this article.
This stern rc-ality stares the citizens
in the face: Are they to be mulcted
of another $2,000,000 and be given in re
turn only the poisonous water that
emanates from the bogs, marshes and
COW pastures of the lower San Fernan
no Valley, when the " water from the
snow-capped peaks of yonder moun
tains, protected from intrusions by the
strong hand of the United States Gov
ernment, runs quietly to waste and the
people are not allowed to share in its
benefits?
The corporation has been at all times
too stingy with its exchequer to spend
i the few hundred thousand dollars
necessary to supply the city with this
mountain water, while again it has
been in better position to hamper it by
means of supplying the water from
the low swal.es, marshes and bogs
below.
As The Call representative sits here
on this footlog and attempts to peer
into the future, with the citizens
| awakened to the steals of the past and
j the attempted steals of the present and
I'sees them throw off the yoke of the
merciless corporation and go into yon
der mountains, where a munificent
I Government has reserved for them a
! supply of melting snow, and pipe the
i same down for the use of the people
! without the interference of the mo
| nopoly, he sees before the city the fu
ture that lacks only this one necessary
prerequisite to its greatness.
The most thriving business in Los
Angeles to-day is that of peddling wa
ter upon the streets. One water com
j pany distills water and sells it for 75
cents for each ten gallons. There are
various small concerns peddling water
from adjacent springs. Everybody in
the city who can afford it purchases
this class of water, and only the poor
allows the substance from bog
ponds to touch their stomachs. It is
said that the people actually pay to
these companies more money for dis
tilled and spring waters thus peddlrd
from wagons than will be necessary to
pay the interest on the cost of con
structing a system from the mountains
to the city.
One reads of water being peddled
! through the streets of Jerusalem and
j other cities of ancient times, but it is
| hard for the people of California to
! realize such a state of affairs in a met
ropolitan city of to-day.
PASSED A STEAMSHIP
SEEMINGLY DISABLED.
French Vessel Believed to Be La
Champagne Probahly in
Distress.
NEW* YORK, Feb. 25.— The Dutch tank
steamer Bremerhaven, which arrived here
this afternoon from Antwerp, reports
that on February 19, in latitude 43, longi
tude 44, she passed a steamship, appar
ently a Frenchman, which was almost
Stopped and was heading northwest. She
had two mas* and two funnels. Regula
tion lights were burning, but no signals
were displayed.
It is quite probable the Frenchman had
set anchors out, although it was too dark
to see if such were the fact. The weather
had been very stormy, blowing hard from
the northeast and continued to blow
throughout the following day, Sunday
and part of Monday, with very heavy
seas from the northeast.
Captain Ninnes. when informed that La
Champagne was overdue, said there was
no doubt in his mind as to the identity
of the vessel.
Death at Los Gatos.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 25.— A. Rosp, an old
resident of Los Gatos, died of heart dis
ease yesterday morning. The deceased
was a prominent orchardist of the vicin
ity. He was 63 years of. age and a native
of New York. A widow survives him.
ARGUE AGAINST
THE INJUNCTION
San Jose Officials Seek
Relief From Law's
Restraint.
Councilmen Protest Against an
Order Preventing an
Alleged Job.
Judge Kittredge Takes the Fire-
Alarm-System Case Under
Advisement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— The petition "of
Sanford E. Smith for a permanent in
junction to restrain the Mayor and
Common Council from awarding a con
tract for a new fire alarm system to
A. J. Coffee was argued and submitted
before Judge Kittredge to-day.
A short time ago the Council awarded
Coffee the contract for a tire system for
$3900, while a bid from the Gamewell
Company for $3300 for a similar system
was before the Council. The Mayor ve
toed the ordinance, but the Council
boasted it would pass it over his head,
and to prevent this waste of the pub
lic's money a temporary restraining or
der was procured. O'uncilmen Fay,
Nolting. Dittus and Krieg were repre
sented by Attorneys Spencer and J. W.
Sullivan and Attorney W. H. Hardy
appeared for S. E. Smith.
The objections of the Councilmen
and Coffee were read. Deputy Clerk
Simonds was sworn and exhibited the
vote on the ordinance awarding the
.contract for the fire alarm system
and other data relating to the ordi
nance. Judgt- spencer then began an
argument for the Councilmen. He
said the case was similar to the street
sweeping case argued a week ago, and
that the only matter worthy of present
consideration was the veto of the
Mayor, filed after the issuance of the
temporary writ of injunction. That
veto changed the conditions so that the
present procei dings were futile and un
necessary.
He then proceeded to analyze the
bids, claiming that those of the Game
well Company did not comply with the
published notice, which specified that
Willard's system should be furnished,
and that the Council in selecting Cof
fee's bid as the lowest and best had
acted within its discretion and for the
best interests of the city.
Attorney Sullivan, for Coffee, follow
ed In an argument along similar lines.
Attorney Hardy held that the Coffee
bid did not comply with the notice. He
said it was not the lowest and best bid
and that the injunction should i.ssuo.
Counsel claimed the other bid was the
lowest. Unless the Injunction should
lie the Council might override the
Mayor's veto.
The case was then submitted for a
decision. As the thirty days allowed
by law in which to pass an ordinance
over the Mayor's veto- expires in a
few days the question must be decided
quickly.
Mayor Koch filed an answer to the
summons this afternoon. He denied
that unle=s restrained he would enter
into the contract with A. J. Coffee,
setting forth that on February 7
he had vetoed the ordinance.
SAN RAFAEL'S TEN
THOUSAND CLUB
Business Men Unite to Promote
the Welfare of the
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 25.— Permanent or
ganization of the Ten Thousand Club of
San Rafael was effected at Anderson's
Hall last night and officers elected as fol
lows: President, P. T. Burtchaell; vice
president, J. E. Hayden; treasurer, R.
W. Johnson; secretary, George L. Rich
ardson; assistant secretary, T. H. Rush;
executive committee— W. N. Anderson, R.
Furlong, D. Convery, R. Kinsella. R.
Magnes, H. Gieske, D. R. Hughes, O.
Fitch, F. W. Taft.
The object of this club is, primarily,
to increase the population of the city of
San Rafael to 10,000 people before the
month of June, 19<>l. To attain this the
material development of San Rafael's re
sources is absolutely essential; therefore
tne club will use all legitimate means to
promote immigration to Marin County and
to San Rafael in particular by the follow
ing methods: By establishing and main
taining a bureau of information in San Ra
fael where reliable information of every
character concerning the resources of the
county may be obtained, by personal or
written application; by promoting and en
couraging the development of every le
gitimate industry in the county; by ad
vocating and urging the construction of
first-class county roads; by encouraging
and urging the construction of railroads
and street-car lines; by impressing upon
the people the urgent necessity of improv
ing and beautifying all public squares
and parks and public school grounds in
San Rafael and vicinity; by using all hon
orable means to promote the best inter
ests of San Rafael and vicinity and by co
operating with all associations and organ
izations having for their object a similar
purpose; by raising funds by subscription
or in any other legitimate manner for the
purpose of carrying out the objects of
thjs organization"; by celebrating national
and State holidays in a fitting and be
coming manner.
HUNTINCTON
MAKES HIS
LAST STAND.
Attempts to Defeat
the San Pedro Ap
propriation.
His Congressmen Rally
About Him for the
Final Struggle.
First Strike at Oakland Har
bor to Establish a
Precedent.
DEFEAT IN THE HOUSE.
I
Both Items Remain in the Rivsr and.
Harbor Appropriation
Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, Feb. 25.
There was a hot fight in the House
this afternoon against making appro
priations for river and harbor improve
ments, provided for by existing law, for
which no contracts have yet been
made. It was evident from the begin
ning that the principal purpose of the
fight was to strike out the appropria
tion for San Pedro harbor.
The fight was opened with Parker's
motion to strike out the appropriation
for Oakland harbor ($133,000) on the
ground that no contract had yet been
made for the work. The friends of C.
P. Huntington promptly rallied to the
support of Parker, not because they
were opposed to the appropriation for
Oakland harbor, but because the defeat
of Oakland harbor on the ground stated
would be a precedent for defeating the
appropriation for San Pedro.
That the real assault was on the ap
propriation for San Pedro harbor was
soon made apparent by the speech of
General Grosvenor of Ohio, attacking
that appropriation on the grounds that
the contemplated improvement was
unwise; that it would cost more than
the amount limited by law; that no
contract had yet been made for the
work, and that an excellent harbor in
that vicinity was to be constructed by
private enterprise and turned over to
the Government without cost, provid
ed the Government should not proceed
with the improvement of San Pedro
harbor, and asserting that an offer in
writing to this effect had been filed
with the Secretary of War by persons
of unquestionable responsibility. This
statement of Grosvenor's is understood
of course to refer to Huntington's
proposition to improve Santa Monica
harbor at the expense of his own com
pany, but an investigation has failed
to elicit the fact that any such propo
sition has been filed with the Secretary
of War.
Mr. Cannon, replying to Grosvenor,
practically declared that he was not
in favor of going on with the improve
ment of San Pedro harbor, and rather
shocked the members of the California
delegation by intimating that there
was a little joker connected with the
$400,000 appropriation in the bill. He
declared that advertisement for con
tracts for work on San Pedro called
only for the construction of a break
water, while the appropriation and the
law under which it was made required
the construction of a deep-water har
bor. He therefore thought the courts
might hold (contrary to the Attorney-
General's opinion) that the appropria
tion could not be used for the construc
tion of a breakwater.
A long colloquy followed this sugges
tion of jugglery, in which Messrs. Ma
guire, Cannon, Barlow, Hepburn and
Northway participated.
Maguire tr.-ok the position that Can
non and others had confounded the in
ner and outer harbor projects, which
he said were entirely distinct; that the
act of lSi»8 contemplated only the im
provement of the outer (or deep water)
harbor, already deep enough for com
mercial purpi/ses and a refuge for the
largest vessels afloat, provided only
that it be protected from heavy seas
and from the shoaling of its entrance
|by the deposit of sediment, both of
i which purposes would be accomplished
I substantially by the building of a
breakwater.
Cooper (R.) of Wisconsin came to the
support of the Californians with a
clear and powerful ten-minute speech
in favor of the appropriation.
He said he wiuld rather see every
other appropriation in the sundry civil
bill fail than witness the national hu
miliation involved in allowing the pri
l-vate owners of Santa Monica harbor
to further their personal interests by
defeating the appropriation for San
Pedro.
At the close of Cooper's speech the
opposition to San Pedro was practically
abandoned and the appropriation
passed without division. It was re
marked that throughout the debate
Hooker of New York, chairman of the
Committee on Rivers and Harbors,
who was such an earnest champion of
Santa Monica in the Fifty-fourth Con
gress, sat behind General Grosvenor,
prompting and advising him but tak
ing no direct part in the discussion.
Ever since the sundry civil bill was
reported to the House last week Hunt
ington's man Friday (otherwise called
John Boyd) has been buttonholing
members of Congress.
The result of this fight adds another
to the list of Mr. Huntington's failures
to control legislation in Congress,
where he was once thought to be om
nipotent.
The attempt to strike the Oakland
appropriation from the bill failed.
LOS ANGELES POLICE
COURTS ARE ILLEGAL
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 25.— The Police
Justice courts of this city have been de
cided illegal by Judge Van Dyke of the
Superior Court. A writ of habeas corpus
was asked for in the case of Ah Sang, a
fan-tan player arrested some time ago.
This morning Judge Van Dyke relasad
the prisoner and decided that the Whit
ney act, under which the Police Courts of
this city are constituted, does not apply
to this city, as the census taken last year
by the Postoffice Department showed the
population to be in excess of 100,000. He
declares Police Judges Morrison and Ow
ens to be illegally in office and their offi
cial acts null and void. The decision af
focts a large number of prisoners now
held awaiting trial, but as the two jus
tices are also Police Judges under an
other law it is possible that their work
may be continued as such and extend to
all cases of misdemeanor within the city
limits.
THE LUCILLE
SAILS AT LAST
Government Expedition
Leaves Nanaimo for
Alaska.
End of a Vexatious Delay At
tended by Heavy
Expense.
For Eight Days the Vessel Has Been
Detained Awaiting a Tug's
Arrival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 25.— The vexatious
wait for a tug which has detained the
pack train of the Klondike relief expe
dition at Nanaimo for the last eight
days is now over and the ship Lucille,
with her interesting cargo of army offi
cers, packers, mules and Government
supplies, is on her way to Alaska. A
telegram received here to-day an
nounced the arrival at Nanaimo of the
tug Monarch. The ' ship was imme
diately made ready to proceed on her
important mission to the north in tow
of the Monarch.
Thus ends another of the introductory
chapters of the history of the Govern
ment expedition for the relief of the
men who may be reasonably supposed
to feel even now the dread invasion of
want— men known to be battling un
successfully against scurvy induced by
lack of variety in their food. From the
first there has been delay following de
lay, until it seemed that the train on
which so much depended would never
get under way. Even after sailing from
this port, after detentions sufficiently
discouraging, the vessel immediately,
on striking British waters, was tied up
once more for what promised to be an
indefinite length of time.
The 112 mules, whose condition is of
such importance to success in crossing
the passes, had suffered from confine
ment in the stalls of the ship's deck,
and it was found necessary in Nanaimo
to unload them and. put them into a
warm barn.
The transfer of the mules from ship to
shore and back again is not child's
play. It requires some time, and there
is always danger of loss through in-
Jury to some of the animals. Hardly
are they settled ashore than the tug
Monarch appeared, and then came the
change from shore to ship. The work
of reloading the stock was begun this
morning and completed in the aft-r
noon. By this time the Lucille is well
on her way, providing no unforeseen ac
cident has occurred.
All this delay has cost some one
thousands of dollars; it ha* been re
sponsible for a loss that can hardly be
calculated in holding back an expedi
tion on vhe early arrival of which in
Dawson depends the physical well be
ing of hundreds of miners. Further cost
is possible through the arrival of the
pack train at Dyea after the snow and
ice have become so slushy as to render
the use of pack mules impraoticable,
and the animals themselves worthless.
It seems difficult to place the respon
sibility. Havner & Co., charterers of the j
Lucille, claim that the Government un
derstood perfectly that there would be
a wait at Nanaimo.
"The Government has no cause for
complaint," said Mr. Havner to-day.
"Before the Lucille sailed on February
16, we went to Captain Robinson and
told him we could not promise to get
the party to Dyea at any definite date.
We told him that it might take forty
five days to reach there; that we could
have the tug Monarch only as far as
Nanaimo and must wait there to catch
another tug coming down from the
north. If they wished to go by some
other vessel we offered to unload their
stuff. We even went so far as to in
sist that they should pay the expenses
of keeping their men and mules at Na
naimo during such time as we might
be compelled to remain there. Every
thing that could be suggested to ex
pedite the departure of the Lucille from
Nanaimo we have since done. Since
she left here we have been under an
expense of $300 a day, so you can read
ily see our interest in getting the expe
dition landed in Alaska as early as pos
"We have a contract with the Puget
Sound Tug Company, which controls
practically all the large tugs on the
sound, to take the Lucille to Alaska.
As a matter of fact they have about
half again as much business as their
boats can attend to. I think now, how
ever there will be no further trouble.
"Since the ship has been tied up at
Nanaimo Captain Robinson Jr.,- local
representative of the War Department,
has tried in every way to hasten the
expedition on its. way. Since no tug
could be secured at first he thought of
sending a United States revenue cutter
to tow the Lucille."
At the time United States District
Attorney W. R- Gay did not believe that
this could be done, but later changed
his opinion. There was also some
thought of bringing the Lucille back to
American waters and transferring her
freight and passengers to some steam
ship. The chief objection to this was
that no vessel with space enough to
take the entire pack train with the sup
plies for the expedition could be
found. It was that fact, indeed, which
induced Captain Robinson to recom
mend the sending of the train and sup
plies by the Lucille. The original con
tract, as will be remembered, was on
the steamship Signal, but delay in the
arrival of that boat from Alaska caused
the cancellation of the agreement.
The Government has stipulated to
pay Havner & Co. $6000 for the use of
the Lucille on this voyage. A portion
of the amount has already been paid.
It is probable, according to good au
thority, that the payment of the bal
ance of the $6000 will be refused by the
Government, and in that case Havner
& Co. will be forced to enter suit.
LADS "PLAY DURRANT"
WITH A COMPANION.
Strangle Him Almost to Death Be
fore a Woman Comes to His
Assistance.
STOCKTON, Feb. 20.-The Mail this
evening is responsible for a story to the
effect that recently four or five little boys,
•whose ages ranged from 8 to 12 years,
concluded to play "Durrant." Setting
upon the smallest of the party, they pro
posed that he be Durrant and that they
would make believe hang him. They
placed a piece of black cloth over the
youth's head, put him into a little wagon
and tied a rope around his neck so tight
ly that it made the youngster scream
with fear. The rope was soon drawn so
taut, however, that the screaming ceased.
The boy's companions concluded that he
had merely stopped yelling because they
told him to.
The little fellow's yells had been heard
by a woman living near. She hastened to
the spot, and soon saw that the boy was
being strangled to death. She finally got
the rope loosened sufficiently to allow the
helpless boy to breathe. She had arrived
just in time to save the little fellow's life;
already he was blue in the face. A few
breaths of air soon revived him. The
names of the boya were withheld.
GENERAL BOOTH
AT LOS ANGELES
Third Visit of the Salva
tion Army Chief to
California.]
Speaks Feelingly of the Dif
ferences Between Himself
and His Son.
Given a Loyal Greeting by the ttank
and File of His People in the
South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 25. — Gen
eral William Booth, commander-in
chief and founder of the Salvation
Army, arrived in this city over the
Sante Fe at 8:30 this morning, and a
right royal welcome did he receive at
the hands of the 200 Salvationists who
had gathered at the depot to welcome
him and his party. With the general
were Commander Booth-Tucker, the
leader of the forces in America, and
his wife, Consul Booth-Tucker, Com
missioner Nicoll, editor of the Salvation
Army publication in Great Britain, Ad
jutant Deverell, the general's private
secretary, Colonel Lawlor, the singer,
and Brigadier Alice Lewis, the con
verted opera singer, who Is secretary
to Consul Booth-Tucker.
Although the streets of Los Angeles
were muddy and very damp, the faith
ful soldiers of the army lined up behind
the carriage containing their chief and
his staff, and followed it to the bar
racks. Here the visitors remained but
a few moments, after which the party
was driven. to the residence of J. S.
Slauson, on Figueroa street, where they
will be entertained during their stay.
General Booth has still a most Impose
ing physical appearance. He Is aa
straight as an arrow, and looks at
least ten years younger than he really
is, his age being 69. To a Call repre
sentative he said:
"This is my third trip to California,
my last being about three years ago.
Since I shook hands with the President
at the White House I have received a,
hospitable welcome throughout the
country, and I may truly say a marked
approval of my work. We are better
understood now in the United States
since the mists and fogs of the recent
controversy have rolled away, and it is
seen that ours is a disinterested work
for the poor and the lost — a purely phil
anthropic work, in fact.
"I really don't understand the feeling
of the Volunteers of America. I don't
understand it any better than you do;
but the feeling of unity in the army is
a hundred times stronger since the dis
agreement than it was before. I of
fered, when I first came to the States,
to visit my son and I did see him but
not alone, for that he declined to per
mit. I am still in the dark as to his
attitude, and no one but God knows
what it means to me to be thus es
tranged from him. Almost every hour
I ask myself how- it will out. I
think of it day and night and pray con
tinually for aid and council."
Being asked if he had formed any
opinion regarding the war feeling in
this country as a result of the Maine
incident, he safd;
"I know little of the matter, but It
i would seem ridiculous that Spain
would seek, in her present circum
stances, to arouse the United States
against her. And Ido not think that
this country would seek a quarrel
either. But, after all. I know nothing
about it. I know only the heart of
England, and that I know as perhaps
no other man can. I am linked to
her people by almost mysterious bond,
and I fully realize that England is a
powerful nation, with an especially
warm regard for the United States.
You cannot know as I do how strong:
that regard is."
General Booth held his first meeting
at the Pavilion to-night. The larg*
building was packed to the doors.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RELIEF FROM PAIN. .",
Women Everywhere Express thei*
Gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham.
Hrs. T. A. WALDEN, Gibson, Ga., write*:
" Dear Mrs. Pixkiiam: — Before tak-
ing your medicine, life was a burden
to me. I never saw a well day. At
my monthly period I suffered untold
misery, and a great deal of the time I
was troubled with a severe pain in my
side. Before finishing the first bottle
of your Vegetable Compound I could
tell it was doing me good. I continued
its use, also used the Liver Pills and
Sanative Wash, and have been greatly,
helped. I would like to have you use \
my letter for the benefit of others."
rirs. FLORENCE A. WOLFE, 515 riulberry
St., Lancaster, Ohio, writes* rV |
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — For two
years I was troubled with what tho
local physicians told me was inflamma-*
tion of the womb: Every month I suf-
fered terribly* I had taken enough,
medicine from the doctors to cure any-
one, but obtained relief for a short
time only. At last I concluded to write
to you in regard to my case, and can
say that by following your advice I am
now pef ectly well." , ,_. ' ■ " : — _J_
lira. W. R. BATES, rtansfield, L«., writes : .-'
".-.'., " Before writing to you I suffered
dreadfully from painful menstrua-
! tion, leucorrhcea and sore feeling in,
I the lower part of the bowels. Now my
I friends want to know what makes me
; look so well. Ido not hesitate one min-
1 ute in telling them what has 'brought
; about this great . change. I cannot
praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound enough. It is the greatest
remedy of the age." ,
i
MADE ME A MAN
• fc/^1 ALLNenxnta JTHsenscg-FalUnn Mem-
Ws f I k? 1 JFP 04 * 11^^ Sl^ploaansoa. atoTcaneod
MAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURS
4LXAcn'ou,i IHacatcs— Falling Mem-
ory, Impotency. Sleaplodjneos, eto., ennsod
b> Abu*e or other Excesses and India-
crotions, TJiey «u<cfclu and ourety
Jsw^A restore Lost Vitality in old «r yoong. and
mo maa for study, business or marriage.
.S^Sr^fe'^re^r^ Brit.
me. Their use shows immediate fmprove-
mont aud effects n CURE where ell ether fail In-
h»L^£i^ viuB l £ 0 eenuine Ajax Tablets. Tiey
'•■ iti^-r^ thous ™da and willoureyou. Wegive apos-
ltivc written puarantee to effect a cure CA rtT© in
each case or refund the money. Price SO If Idiper
1 Effn? 6 ' ?r? r , 8 " pktreB (lall treatment) for «2.50. By
-- mat!, in P'aln wrapper, noon recsipt of price. Circular
**» A JAX REMEDY CO;^»JS^^;
: —T°I sale In San Francisco 7by Lelpn!t« * Co..
I<-KO : Butter. -, No-Percentage Pharmacy, ; 861 > Mkt,AN EXPOSITION IS NOW ASSURED
Mayor Phelan Authorized to Appoint a Committee to Take the Matter in Charge and Arrange
All of the Necessary Preliminary Details.
An Appeal Will Be Made to the National Government and State Legislature for Financial Aid in Carrying the Project to
a Successful Issue.
AN exposition to commemorate the
semi-centennial anniversary of the
admission of California Into the
Union is now assured. Every one
' admits that such an exposition should
be held to show to the world our won
derful resources and products. Califor
nia will not alone be benefited by such
an exposition.
The Midwinter Fair proved a far
greater success than was anticipated
by the most sanguine of its directors.
It brought many thousands of visitors
ir hospitable shores and our cli
mate did the rest. Many who came in
search of amusement were so charmed
by our climate and our resources that
they decided to make California their
future home.
That an exposition such as has been
suggested by Tht^ Call would prove of
great benefit not alone to ihis State
but to the entire Pacific Slope is ad
mitted by all. The only question now
asked is. would it bo advisable to hold
an exposition in 1900, knowing that the
World's Fair will be held at Paris the
same year? That question will be an
swered by a committee 10 be appoint-
UMBRELLAS
IN DEMAND
Forecaster Hammon Says
the Storm Is Still
With Us.
Copious Rains Will, Therefore,
Fall Throughout the
State To- Day.
The Anxious Farmers Correspond
ently Jubilant Over the
Prospects.
The truth of the old adage that there
is nothing so certain as the uncertainty
of California weather has been practi
cally exemplified in the conditions that
have obtained In the past few days
during the visit of the last rainstorm.
It can well be said that for "ways that
are dark and tricks that are vain," our
climate is most peculiar. This storm ;
did not have to overcome that area of j
high pressure over the plateau region |
in Arizona, Utah and Nevada which j
former storms had to meet and which
were in consequence deflected from this
district for so long. It therefore came
to us free and untrammeled, and yet
< omparatively little rain has fallen
throughout the State, and as a result
there has not yet been as much rain
as needed in any locality.
When Official Forecaster Hamraon
was seen at the Weather Bureau in the
Mills building and asked yesterday aft
"moon as to what the farmers had to
expect from the existing weather con
ditions, he said: "1 would rather some
body else did the forecasting, for it is
well known that prognostications in re
gard to this climate are not infallible.
However, I am of the opinion from re
ports that we have received to-day that
the present storm has not done its full
duty. The storm never would have
reached here at all had the conditions
been tlffe same as they were sey«ral
weeks ago. I anticipate that the storm
has not yet fully spent its strength, and I
that we will get more rain before it j
, leaves us entirely, and, although the J
Ed by Mayor Phelan to devise and plan
an exposition that will properly bring
to the attention of the world the re
souit.es and products of the Pacific
Slope.
it is thought by some that the
World's Fair would draw many people
who would visit this city if there were
not a Counter-attraction. For that rea
son it has been suggested by those who
are heartily in accord with the move
ment looking toward the holding of a
large exposition that we defer our fair
until 1901.
A me«ting was held yesterday morn
ing ir th< Mayor's oi!i<;e to discuss the
preliminary details of the exposition.
Letters were received from several in
vited by the Mayor t,. take part in the
preliminary work regretting that other
business kept them away from the
Ing, bin they sent assurances of
their hearty support.
Mayor Phelan, in calling the meeting
to order, stated that he sent invita
tions to prominent business and profes
sional men asking them to co-operate
in forwarding an exposition that would
be worthy of the State and its re-
BOUTC4 8.
•■lt has been suggested by The Call,"
said he, "that an exposition he held in
1900 to commemorate the fiftieth anni
DISCUSSING PRELIMINARY DETAILS OF THE EXPOSITION.
barometer has remained almost sta
tionary all day, still the sky has all the
appearance of rain. One point in fa
vor of my contention is that if it was
clearing after the storm the wind
should be northwest instead of south
east or southwest, as it has been.
"The cessation <>£ rain, which I be
lieve to be only temporary, is due to
the storm having rebounded off the
coast into the ocean, but it has not
go-ne so far that it will not come back
and give us plenty of rain. The high
pressure over the plateau region has
permanently disappeared, and has left
us in excellent shape for copious rain
falls whenever a storm shall come.
"We have had about one inch of rain
over one-half of the State. The pre
cipitation has been north and west of
a line drawn from Point Conception
north and a little east to the eastern
i Age ' f the Sacramento Valley. To the
southeast of that line 1.10 inch fell and
only 15-100 inches in the San Joaquin
Valley. The dry spots where no rain
fell were the west end of Merced coun
ty and two or three places on the west
side of the San Jcraquin. The southern
boundary of the rain Is between Los
Angeles and San Diego, none having
fallen at the latter place up to 5 o'clock
Friday.
"The rains that we have had would
hardly grow a crop, hut will help to a
great extent the pasturage for live
stock, which were in dire need of it.
The San Joaquin Valley is probably in
better condition thnn any other local
ity on account of the natural moisture
that pervades the soil there, and if it
would get two inches In a period not
extending over ten days it would be all
that is necessary. The warm, sultry
condition of the atmosphere Friday
afternoon is also a good indication for
more rain, as it shows that the storm
has not left us, for the source of heat
Is the condensing of the moisture In the
storm."
When seen later in the evening Mr.
Hammon said: "I think that I have
described the weather situation accu
rately, and Saturday it will rain ev
erywhere from San Luis Obispo north.
The storm center is opposite the Ore
gon coast, and the barometer is falling
slowly but surely. The rainfall to-day
has been very light, 2-100 inch having
fallen in this city; 1-100 in Los Angeles; :
4-1 Mm Red Bluff, Carson and San Luis \
Obispo, and 6-100 in Los Banos."
It Lead* the List.
• This week's Town Talk bears out its
name for being the brightest and best
weekly on the coast. The contents con
tain among other things an able editorial
on George Washington and the modern
Idea of patriotism; Phil Garlic's ironies;
Saunterer Btorld about a man who fell
asleep at the Baldwin: the District At
torney at the race track; late weddings,
ami news political and .social: dramatic
critique upon Marie Wainwright's new
play; storiette from real life; stories and
poems; chat from Sacramento. Miss Gft
millo iiley is pictured upon the title page* |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
versary of the admission of California !
into the Union. I am heartily in favor j
of an exposition. With me it is sim
ply a question as to the advisability of '•
holding the exposition that year."
Joseph Leggett said that, while he j
favored the exposition, he feared that
the World's Fair to be held in Paris in
1900 would prove a counter attraction
that would be the means of keeping
many people away, who under other
circumstances would visit this coast.
"I believe in expositions, and think
the idea suggested by The Call an ex
cellent one," added Mayor Phelan.
"This is a holiday State, and an expo
sition would prove of great vahie in ad- i
vertlslng the resources and products,
not alone of California, but of the en- ,
tire coast. In 1900 the Paris Exposition
will be held, and I fear it will prove a
great attraction for Eastern people.
They will find it just as cheap to jour
ney to the other side. They are the
people we want to visit us. It is un
fortunate that our fiftieth anniversary
is contemporaneous to the Paris Expo
sition. I met Mr. de Young, the pro
prietor of the Chronicle at lunch yes
terday, and he said that, while he fa
vored an exposition, he did not think
that 1900 was the year for it. He sug
gested that it might be postponed until
1901. The Native Sons have declared |
THE STATE
LIBRARY FIGHT
Present Trustees Will
Not Surrender Their
Offices.
Their Successors Will Not Be
Given Certificates of
Election.
Governor Budd Claims That the
Purity of Election Law Has Been
Violated by Pledges Made.
The Board of State Library Trustees
will meet in Sacramento to-day, and
! nothing is more certain than that a
j lawsuit will be the outcome of it. The
present members of the board will re
| fuse to give way to the Trustees elected
! by the last Legislature unless they pre-
I sent the proper credentials signed by
1 the Governor. The Governor will not
■ sign the credentials.
The charge has been made that the
! Trustees elected to take office next
Monday have violated the purity of
election law by making an agreement
as to how the patronage of the Li
brarian's office shall be divided. In
fact, it is charged that four of their
number signed a pledge to not employ
any but Republicans in the library.
Prior to the election of the Trustees
who will < laim office next Monday let
1 ters were sei\t out by John H. Dickin
j son, Thomas Fl int Jr. and W. F. Price,
members of the Legislature appointed
at a Republican caucus, notifying can
didates for election as Library Trus
tees that it would be necessary to
j pledge themselves to Republican rule.
The letter was so worded that any
Trustee living up to its obligations
could not under any circumstances ap
point or vote for a Democrat to hold
place in the State Library.
The caucus letter was published in
full in The Call on the 16th inst., and
Governor Budd was not slow in tak
ing notice of the political document. He
says that he will not issue certificates
to the Trustees chosen by; the last
their intent ion of holding a celebration
in 1900. The State's admission will be
celebrated by them. Why not have an
exposition in the fall and winter months
of 1901? We can send a commissioner
to Paris, and he could spend his time
making arrangements for the shipping
of exhibits to this city. The foreign ex
hibits can be shipped around the Horn
from Havre or Marseilles much cheap
er than from Chicago or other points.
As you all will remember the Midwin
ter Fair was made up of attractions
from the Chicago Fair. We could step
in now and keep the field open for a
coast exposition in 1901. In that year
there would be a practicability of hold
ing line."
"I am like you, Mayor Phelan," said
Joseph Leggett. "I am in favor of an
exposition if we <'an get it. I consider,
however, that 1900 would hardly be in
good taste to h"!d an international ex
position. I think one year later would
be better."
•'lt will bo seven or eight years after
the Midwinter Fair," interrupted May
or Phelan. "I think it would be easy
to get up an exposition after the one
at Paris. I believe it an excellent
plan to wait. There will be many who
will be unable to see the Paris Exposi
tion in 1900 who would visit our exposi
tion in 1901."
Legislature, and also says that he ex
pecta to be brought into court in the
matter. ,
"I suppose that I will be manda
mused," said Governor Kudd yesterday
aftern'-on, "but that will not in the
least bother me. 1 will not issue the
certificates to the trustees who will
claim office on Monday for several rea-
BOM. I hold that, with the possible
exception of J. H. Neff, they all took
a pledge that is in violation of the
purity of election law. The gentlemen
who flaim office by virtue of election
by the last Legislature will, if I am
ctly Informed, attend the meeting
"f the Library Trustees to-morrow and
ask for their credentials. I intend be
ing present, and will decline to give
them commissions. The stand I will
take is on the ground that their elec
tion in joint session of the Senate and
Assembly was never properly certified
to by the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House. In addition, the
pledge given by them to the Republican
caucus is in violation of the purity of
election law. Another and important
fact to be borne in mind Is that the
pertlon of the Political Code governing
the management of the State Library
and the election of its trustees went
into effect in 1873, and provided that the
term of office of the trustees should be
for a period of four years. Under that
law I fail to understand how the term
<>f the present trustees could terminate
in 1898. In other words, if each term
of office as State Library Trustee is to
be for four years, and the law under
which we are now working went into
effect in 1873, the incumbents' terms
would not expire until 1899."
It is understood that the State Con
troller, who is a Republican, will rec
ognize the Trustees elected by the last
Legislature, regardk-ss of the position
taken by Governor Budd. If the Con
troller recognizes the new board it will
have absolute control of the library
funds. In the event of a legal warfare
being necessary, and that is almost cer
tain, W. W. Foote will represent the
Governor, j
The point advanced by the Governor
that the election of Trustees was not
certified to by the President of the Sen
ate and Speaker of the Assembly does
not, in the judment of lawyers-, present
much of an obstacle. The journals of
that day's session of the Legislature
were certified to as correct by the pre
siding officers, respectively of the Sen
ate and Assembly, and this certificate
covers the proceedings of the joint con
vention at which the Trustees were
elected. This approval is believed to
be sufficient.
The second point concerning a viola
tion of the purity of election law may
receive a different construction from
that which the Governor apprehends.
An enlightened court would probably
construe a pledge to appoint Republi
cans as a pledge to administer the af
fairs of the library in an honest, intelli
gent and creditable manner.
"Don't you think it would be a good
idea to adjourn until the other mem
bers of this committee could be seen,"
; said John H. Grady, "and their opin
! ion as to the advisability of holding
: the exposition one year later was had?"
"There is no need of that," said
Mayor Phelan, "as it is my intention
; to appoint a committee of fifteeh and
j they will decide on the year in which
i the exposition shall be held. California
i was admitted to the Union on Sep
; tember 9, ISSO, but it did not put on its
statehood until some time later."
"What year was the Chicago fair
opened?" asked Leggett.
"They started to open it in 1892,
i which was the four hundredth anni
versary of the discovery of our coun-
I try, but did not open until 1893," replied
! the Mayor; "yet it was no less a grand
; celebration. We might pass some reso
lutions and get the affair started," he
, concluded.
The following resolutions were then
presented and adopted:
WHEREAS, There is a general
desire to celebrate in a fitting man
ner the fiftieth anniversary of the
admission of California into the
Union by an international exposi
tion to be held in San Francisco; and
whereas, San Francisco, by reason of
her climate and past experience, is
well-fitted as a location for such a
fair to be held in the fall and winter
months; and whereas, the fiftieth
anniversary of the admission of the
State occurs in the year 1900, when
the French exposition is also to be
held, and which may on that account
force upon the citizens of San Fran
cisco the propriety of holding their
fair in the following year, just as
the anniversary of the discovery of
America was celebrated in Chicago
in 1893 instead of in 1892; there
fore be it
RESOLVED, As the sense of this
meeting that a fair be held com-
memorative of the fiftieth anniver
sary of the admission of California
into the Union; that a committee of
fifteen be appointed by the Mayor to
devise a plan and submit it at a
meeting of citizens subsequently to
be called, and that they be given
discretion in determining in what
year it would be most advantageous
to hold such exposition and as to the
character and scope of the enter
prise.
"I think an exposition in 1901 will
go," added the Mayor. "We shal want
to get appropriations from the Na
tional Government and from our own
Legislature, however. The Omaha ex
position, to be held next summer, re
ceived over $200,000 from the National
Government, and if we could get that
amount we would have very little trou
ble in making a fine showing. The Su
preme Court decided not long ago that
the Legislature could vote funds for
an exposition. In order to get legis
lative aid we should get the movement
a-going. If we can show to the law
makers the value of such an affair they
may materially aid us.
"If we get national aid and legisla
tive aid we can send a ship to Paris
and offer to carry the exhibits of the
Paris Exposition around the Horn to
this State without cost to the exhib
itors, and we can hold a successful ex
position. I have another idea for a
fair site," he concluded. "I think it
would be a good idea to get some of
the sand hills by the ocean. The Park
Commissioners could cultivate that
NO CHECK
ON COURT
REPORTERS
Police Judge Prac
tices to Be Inves
tigated.
Stenographers Have a
Free Entry to the
City's Vaults.
Bills Indorsed by the Judges
Paid Without the Sanction
of the Auditor.
The explanation of Justinius Olsen
to the Grand Jury implicating Judge
Low In his alleged crime of present
ing incorrect bills to the Treasurer for
fees as court stenographer will lead to
a thorough investigation by the jury
of Police Court practices.
In the first place it will be deter
mined how Olsen came to be appointed
to so responsible a position. A court
stenographer .has justice at his mercy.
Cases are not unknown where stenog
raphers have so changed the testimony
of witnesses in the transcription for a
bribe that the complexion of the evi
dence when read in higher tribunals
was entirely different from that first
given, so that guilty persons have es
caped punishment. Olsen, as far as
pol'ce records go, is not a man who
would hesitate to accept bribe money.
A few months ago he was a prisoner
charged with obtaining money by
false pretenses, and he was convicted
by Judge Joachimsen. The court,
however, was lenient with him and
The fao-iimile _y/4£» T~ *■ on 1
7 uignature of C*a//zi<U£A*4i of CASTOEIA.
portion of the park and make a gar
den spot around the fair. A few elec
tric lines could be extended out that
way and the land in the vicinity would
attain mor* value. Ex-Mayor Sutro
owns most of the land out there, and I
think he and his family would be glad
to let us have the use of it. I think a
Midwinter Fair by the ocean would be
delightful. Just think of holding an
exposition beside the ocean. I think no
better spot could be chosen."
After the adjournment of the meet
ing Mayor Phelan said he would not i
name the members of the committee
for several days. ""I do not intent nam
ing any one," said he. "unless I am
certain that he will take an active in
terest in forwarding the movement.
With the proper amount of energy we
can give an exposition that will draw
the attention of the whole world to
our coast. I believe the exposition
should be planned on international
lines. If we wait until 1901 we can un
doubtedly secure the best of the Paris
exhibits and give a miniature repre
sentation of the World's Fair. The
Midwinter Fair was a success. The
exposition proposed by The Call should
be a greater one. Let us wait until
lflOl to hold our exposition, and I have
no doubt but that we will be success
ful. Energy and concentration of ac
tion are all that are required."
SUCCESS IS
ALREADY ASSURED
All of Our Citizens Should Take
an Interest in the
Exposition.
EX-STREET SUPERINTENDENT
ACKERSON— The idea of holding an
NEVADA CITY WILL ALSO CO-OPERATE.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Feb. 23, 189 S.
W. S. Leake, Manager Call, San Francisco — Dear
Sir: The Call's proposition of having a semi-cen
tennial exposition held in San Francisco in 1900,
to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the admis
sion of California into the Union, was brought to
the notice of the Board of Trustees of Nevada City
to-night, and the following resolution presented by
Trustee Carr was unanimonsly adopted:
Resolved, That we heartily approve of having a
semi-centennial exposition of the resources of Cali
fornia held in San Francisco in 1900, and w r ill earn
estly co-operate with other municipal officers in
making it a grand success.
Respectfully yours, T. H. CARR,
Clerk of the Board of Trusteee.
exposition in 1900 is a grand one.
Every public-spirited citizen should
take an interest in the movement.
There is no doubt but that with the
friendly assistance of neighboring
States we will be able to hold an ex
position that will draw the attention
of the world to the wonderful resources
delayed punishment on condition that
the persons he swindled should be re
paid.
A few months after that he was ap
pointed to the responsible position in
Judge Low's court. Attorneys who
knew of his unsavory record wondered
at Judge Low placing so much conii
dence in him.
It is common talk among Police
Court practitioners that the stenogra
pher is the intermediary between the
principals in the cases in courts and
the Judges. It is said that the prose
cution of a great many felony cases
has been dismissed in the lower court
on payment to the stenographer of the
amount his fees would have come to
had the person charged been held to
answer in the higher court. If the
Judge gets part of the money or not it
is a matter so f#r only of conjecture,
but it is the belief of those who know
the workings of the Police Courts that
the Judge and the stenographer divide
the fees. It is also said that cases
where stenographers are required are
disposed of not particularly on their
judicial merits, but so as to incur big
bills for the court reporter.
The Judge of the Court is the only
person in the civic government to
vouch for the correctness of the bills,
and should collusion exist between the
Judge and the stenographer the vaults
of the city treasury may as well be
without locks or guards as far as
they are concerned.
The City Treasurer has the record of
an incorrcet bill that was presented by
Stenographer Vernon. A long and im
portant case had closed on a Friday,
and the following Monday the stenog
rapher presented a bill indorsed by the
Judge for fees amounting to $3900. Au
ditor Broderick happened to be with
the Treasurer when the bill was pre
sented, and he asked Vernon. If he had
completed the transcript of the case
and placed it with the proper city offi
cial. Vernon replied that he had not,
but it would be ready in a few days.
He, however, said he was going on a
holiday, and he wanted the money. The
Treasurer refused to pay the bill until
the transcript of the case was com
pleted and on file, and when it was
checked up it was found that the sten
ographer was entitled to over $300 less
than the bill that was indorsed by the
Judge called for.
Auditor Broderick claims that the
bills of the stenographers on the In
dorsement of the Judges only are paid
contrary to law. The Auditor, in sup
port of his claim, quotes paragraph 274
of the Civil Code, which says:
In criminal cases, when the testimony
has been taken down or transcribed upon
the order of the court, the fees of the re
porter shall be certified by the court and
and products of the Pacific Coast An
exposition such as has Icon suggested
by The Call would prove of great and
lasting benefit to California and con-,
tiguous States. The Native Rons hava
been for a long time engaged in pre
paring for a grand celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of California's ad
mission into the Union. That they will
co-operate with the directors of the
exposition and assist in every way pos
sible to make it a success goes without
saying. If the people enter into the
movement with the proper spirit suc
cess is assured.
WOULD BENEFIT
BUSINESS MEN
Henry J. Seegelken Gives His
Views on the Proposed
Exposition.
HENRY J. SEEOELKEN of the
wholesale liquor firm of Seegelken &
Buckner heartily indorses the proposed
exposition, and gives his opinion that
it will be of untold advantage to the
State.
"San Francisco," said the merchant,
"is rapidly on the decline, and unless
it gets something of this character to
help it along there is no telling where
the present state of business depression
will end. An exposition planned on
such a stupendous scale as proposed by
The Call is bound to be of advantage
in helping and bettering the present
state of business affairs both in the city
and the State generally. It is sure to
attract visitors here, no matter how
much positive truth is expressed that
they won't come.
"The great obstacle that will have to
be contended with and a satisfactory
adjustment made before Eastern people
will come to this coast is the present
exorbitant rate of transportation.
These little side issues, I believe, could
be readily settled if the exposition were
once started."
paid out of the treasury of the county or
city and county In which the case is tried,
upon the order of the court.
That, he says, does not mean that
the provisions of the consolidation act
shall be ignored. Section 84 of that
act says:
Every demand upon the treasury must,
before it can be paid, be presented to the
Auditor of the city and county, who shall
satisfy himself that the money is legally
due and remains unpaid.
Section 87 of the same act says:
The Auditor is the head of the finance
department of the city and county and as
such is required to be constantly ac
quainted with the exact condition of the
treasury and every lawful demand upon
it.
"It is apparently the desire of some of
the judges." said the Auditor, "to escape
an investigation of their stenographers'
bills when they demand direct payment
on their orders. The law gives the judges
the right to draw the warrants to pay
their reporters, but it does not imply that
the safeguards now around the city treas
ury should be removed."
. .. — __ . _ _ — ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — i- *—^ i - -i— u-l_ ■_ - _ _ L.
Expels Sleeplessness, from your borf >
. chamber and gives you sweet,
refreshing . sleep instead.
Calms the nerves.
Feeds and rests
the brain.
ML BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS.. U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
4 1 6-4 1 a Sacramento St.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. «'. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC V
Q Q MARKET ST.. r. OPP. ;^ PAI*ACa
DOO I Hotel. . Telephone 670. * Resideno* SM
Valencia street. Telethon*. "Church" ■: U.
910
RECORD HOLDERS
NOT
ALWAYS WONDERS.
The way records have come down with
a crash it looks very much as though the
Emeryville track could hold most of the
American records if the management
saw fit. Nearly all of the best horses this
country has produced h#ve been sent the
Derby distance — one mile and a half— but
the 2:33»4 of Lamplighter withstood the
assaults for a number of years. It re
mained for Buckwa to gallop it off in
2:3214 In a race decided at the track across
the' bay on December 24. 1897. So easily
did the bay gelding accomplish the feat
that it looked as though he could have
traveled the route a second faster. The
grand mare, Fleur de Lis, later covered
one mile and a sixteenth in 1:46% so easily
that the American record looks at her
mercy. Judge Denny next comes out and
shatters the long standing two-mile rec
ord of Ten Broeck and Newton. The feat
of Lucretla Borgia, the game little daugh
ter of Imp. Brutus, when she lowered the
record for four miles over this same track
nearly a year ago, is still too fresh in the
minds of race goers to be recalled.
But record-holders are not always top
notchers. Lucretia Borgia couldn't lind
time to win an ordinary purse event ex
cept at long intervals. Mamie Scott,
which mare figures in turf history as the
holder of the seven and a half furlong
record, is a most infrequent winner. How
ard, the chestnut son of Tyrant, though
by no means a wonder, has to his credit
the mark for five, and a half furlongs—
l:i>o— made at lios Angeles on October 26,
1895. He has been behind the coin on sev
eral different occasions during the present
reason. Old timers will tell you "time
goes for nothing' —and bo it would seem.
When, asked nis opinion as to a prob
able winner of the Brooklyn handicap,
portly Bill Mr.rry. the Sacramento train
er, said that he thought if Ah Stemler's
great mare Fleur de l.is could be landed
in the. far East in bes present condition
she would be a bard one to beat. Bill is a
very keen judge of horseflesh, and his
opinion goes for something. The future
books are laying 30 to 1' against " the
daughter of the dead Maxim. The event
has never been captured by a mare,
which has much to do with the price laid.
Murry thinks the colt Michael 111. which
he sold to Charley Dwyer, is destined to
become the crack three-year-old of the
year. He has finished into a slashing
looking horse and is capable of shoulder
ing all kinds of weight.
wood stock Farm is indeed fortunate.
Charles Boots, one of the proprietors,
said the other day be already had eight
foals at the farm by Imp. " Brutus, of
which numl«er seven were colts.
Ed Purser, whose extensive betting op
erations has made his tall figure a prom
inent one on all of the big race courses
has taken a vacation in the country
Thinking that he had "gone stale," Ed
decided a rest would enable him the bet
ter to unravel the knotty "dope" prob
lems so numerous and bewildering, to be
encountered the present season
After Thursday's tight finish between
Traveler and Trolley, Tod Sloan, who
rode the former colt, said that Conley
on lrolley was altogether too lovable and
affectionate, squeezing him against the
inner rail almost from the' start to the
head of the stretch. If Conley persists
in calling these sort of tactics into re
quisition .to land his mounts in front at
the wire, he will rapidly lose his popu
larity and should be given a long rest on
the ground. The puolic admire an hon
est and persevering rider, but only the
parasites who love gold better than their
own existence applaud a jockey who re
sorts to questionable tactics The D-es-
SSiJ&Sm?*! ™ ci "? has " •' : replete with
t dlrtj riding and the participants have
Indulged in it simply because they im
agined themselves in possession of a
pull." It will be discarded when they
cross the mountains, for they well know
that on the other side "it will not go "
It cannot be said that Ed Gartland
was not backed when he won the hand
icap the other day. Perhaps Owner Dan
Honig did not have the Up, as he ad
mits himself he is not the gambler he
was once. When people on a race track
intend opening a oottle, they hand the
lork to the "dead one 1 ' and drink the
contents themselves unii*. me
»r, Th . old-time smile is gradually return
be? to the countenance of Barney Schr™
oM" t^ After # continued spell of reverses
old Dame Fortune is again a resident
of Barney's domicile, it is said and
everybody is pleased to hear that the
oPh7s al ne^7nTgold S ** Mn * baCk mucl >
cused of boms a "nuliier." After 1
Same finish with Trollej- his hami win
have to be stricken from the Uatof faint
hearted ones. Very fast horses are of ?en
accused of being "quitters" when they
The gamost hundred-yard ninn.r on the
cinder path would quit like a dog if
pitted against a rider the stamp of a
Cummings or a George. Yet the stigma
of being a "quitter' would never be
hurled at him. People would simply say
the distance was too far for him if
many a poor dumb animal could write
SOME NEAR FUTURE
BOXING CONTESTS.
< a T h ° "M* important event In pugilism
Is the Choynski and Sharkey twenty
- round contest between the National Club
on the evening of March 11,
Sharkey is training at the ocean beach
and wm assuredly be in the pink of con
dition when he enters the ring. Choynski
has been working with George Green at
the Olympic Club. This will be a second
meeting between Joe and Tom t>^ ona
On Monday evening Jim Jeffries will
?e°t?c V Od^ d J V he JjOS An * ele3 Ath
letic Club. There is not very much in
terest taken in tne bout here, although
the sports of Los Angeles expect to see
a warm flstlc engagement.
Pete Everitt, who is better known as
undent Kennedy of the Olympic Club
will match against him Harry Cker or
Jom Lansing for an eight-round contest
preliminary to the Jackson and Jeffries
light Heavy-weights are drawing car JSJ S
Jt *s said Uuu an Australian pugilist
named llcKell arrived here a few weeks
ago and is now training under an la
sumed name. McKell is a very "<■?, r
Impound tighter who will be heard from
At the Manhattan Club entertainment
Hayes of the Olympic Club won a dcci-
Th? over Mulligan of the Manhattans.
i he contest was not as interesting as the
spectators expected. c
The regular monthly exhibition of the
Excelsior Athletic Club will take place
Monday evening at the clubrooms. Eighth
and *olsom streets. The following boxers
will take part in the preliminary three
round bouts: Tom Sharkey and Joe Ken
nedy; Jimmy Lawlor and Jimmy Rile"-
Tom Dev-ine and Jim McDevitt; Pat
Lynch and Joe Riley; Billy Lawlor and
Billy Hogan^ Billy Hoskins and" 7 Ja.'k
Savage; Joe Kane and Al Neal; Jack Sul
livan and Jack McGinnis. There will also
be a four-round go for a silver medal be
tween Willie Otts and Jack Duffy The
main event of the evening will be an
eight-round contest for the lightweight
championship and a valuable trophy be
tween Charles Conway of the Jefferson
Athletic Club and Ruef Towner of "he
Stockton Athletic Club. c
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give a first-class entertainment on Friday
evening, March 4, at the clubrooms 319
Sixth street. Alexander Greggains 'will
have full charge of the sports of the
evening and that will mean comfort and
pleasure . for the members and the in
vited guests. A special wrestling match
has been arranged between Dave Suilivan
of the club and Mike Tormey of Healds
burg. Frank McConnell, the clever light
weight who boxed Grlffo at the Olympic
Club, will spar with Greggains. The
events of the evening will be boxing con
tests between "xv.d" McFadden and Fred
Maynard; Jack Ennis and "Kid" Mc-
Carthy, and Frank Schuler and W.
Preese , for the lightweight . champion
ship. | 'y-'. : .•■.■.'■•:-.■. ■;■■; ■' ■.'
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
poUt street. *
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
PROSPECTUS OF
EASTERN
CYCLE RACING.
Those interested in cycle track racing |
here have been very much at sea during j
the past few months regarding the con
ditions in the East, and whether the sport
was as little cared for as it is on
this coast at present. The reports we ,
nave received have been indefinite and it
is there fore, with a good deal of satisfac- I
tion that I am able to present an extract j
from a letter from an old-time San Fran
cisco racing man, wno has been in the
South and visited tne many Eastern and
foreign crackajacks now in training at j
Bellaire, Fla.
H. Austin Goddard of the Bay City
Wheelmen has been down there, and
writes me from Detroit under date of
February 20 .tne following interesting
epistle:
Have just returned after a pretty close trip
through the South, and the outlook for ISM is
a corner. 1 visited the crackajacks at the j
Bellaire track, and by present indications the
18%) season ol racing will be fierce and the ISSi
champion made ol iron. Kaser, the Swiss,
is a whirlwind, rides something like our "Bob
Terrill and L*hr, the German, will be hard to
beat. 'All the men there are in condition to
race at an hour's notice, but neither Bald nor
Uougoead has started training yet.
It seems to me, however, Ironi talks with the I
men and others Interested that middle-distance j
racing will be more the thing this year than
the old-time sprint race, and to that end men
like Karl Kiser. Nat Butler, Tom Cooper, I- red !
Hoyt and others are training- for that class or
the sport. Organized pacemaking teams will
be used and will be controlled by the National j
Cycle Racing Association, who are going to |
have regularly paid riders lor the work and
have an independent circuit of their own. It
is common talk that Bald has already signed,
but will not ride middle-distance races.
I suppose you know that "Old Man Pickard
has given up his position with Michael, who
will be trained by McLeish this season. Pick
ard Is doing well, however,, and may handle
Tom I,lnton and Arthur Chase. These two
latter men will give Jlmmie all he can attend
to when they get a well organized pacing team, ,
us you are doubtless aware all the difference
in the world is made by the clock-work pre
cision with which Michaels pacemakers work.
Some say the reason Michael talks about be
coming a Jockey is because he knows L.inton
and Chase can beat him when properly paced.
The Michael-Chase race in New York Christ
mas night was won by superior pacemiiKirn;,
and Chase hair the time had no paeemaKhiß
whatever, owing to lack of proper organisa
tion. I think there must have been !".<•>-> in
Madison Square Garden and as many more who
could not get in at all. My ticket cost Me
three plunks, so you may well imagine there
Is money in middle-distance racing.
We have opened a fine branch here and yours
truly Is the hand to guide the helm, and we
an; looking for a prosperous season, but to
day we are having a blizzard and the snow is
a foot deep, so we yearn for the "glorious
climate," etc.
I have not had a Call for two months and
thought you had forgotten me, but when in tie
Cleveland office I learned that one Ed Lozier
had confiscated them as they came and reveled
in their contents, while 1 was left forlorn.
Please send me the Saturday Call regularly,
a? 1 want to keep up with the news at home.
Kind regards to yourself and all the boys at
the club. -.] ; - *
Four games of the Cycle baseball
League will be played to-morrow, two of
them in this city at the Velodrome
grounds, commencing at VI o'clock. The
most interest attaches to the game be
tween tne Olympic Cyclers and the Bay
City Wheelmen at noon. The Cyclers
lead in percentage in the tournament,
while the Bay Cltys have got to wipe out
their stunning defeat of last Sunday by
the Olympic Wheelmen or be practically
out of the race tor tiie pennant. The
probable line up of this game will be as
follows:
Olympic Cyclers. Positions. B. C. Wheolmen.
Boyle Catcher McGiilvray
Head Pl toher O' Toole
Cordes First base Menne
Fullanabee Second iiase Whaley
Custjrove Third base Commary
Bradley Shortstop Oi bson
Hildebrecht L*-ft neld T. Hull
Butz Center field Kanxee
Durham Right field Boeekman
This is a considerable change from the
usual line up of these teams. For the
Cyclers Follansoee has heretofore always
played behind the bat, and they will miss
the invincible Monahan at short, who was
laid off owing to injuries. The Bay Cltys
will put their ambidextrous pitcher, Mc-
Glllviay, in as backstop in this game, and
their regular catcher. Tommy Hall, Bald
by experts to be the best all-round player
In the league, will go out to left garden,
as his hand is badly swollen from the
last game and he cannot catch behind the
plate. With Menne in form again and
Commary able to play, the same old stone
wall Infield will be there, and this prom
ises to be one of the warmest games of
the season. . •_
The other games scheduled are between
the Acme Club Wheelmen and San Fran
cisco Road Club, which the latter should
win; between the California Cycling Club
and the Reliance C*ub Wheelmen, a gift
to the Californians; and between the Gar
den City Wheelmen and the Olympic
Club Wheelmen, from the result of which
latter game the Olympics will undoubted
ly be returned victors.
"The annual smokVr and jinks of the
Olympic Clnb Wheelmen will be held this
evening at the social hall. Alcazar build
ing, commencing at 8:30 p. m., and last
ing until morning. It is strictly for mem
bers and a few honored guests. The in
vitations are unique, consisting of a small
canvas pouch, presumably for tobacco,
highly decorated with likenesses of various
prominent members. The programme will
consist of a high-class vaudeville enter
tainment, interspersed liberally with re
freshments both solid and liquid.
Harry Monahan, the crack shortstop of
the Olympic Cyclers nine, will not play in
to-morrow's game with the Bay Cltys,
owing to a contused eye. Harry told Fred
Butz that he got it from 'a foul tip while
playing behind the bat in practice. Jimmy
Coffroth, on inquiry, was informed that a
fall from a wheel was the cause Hut 7.
and Coffroth met, compared notes, be
came suspicious at the varied stories and
started an investigation. Something about
Tuesday night, the Chutes, a lady and
two ruffians was the combined result of
their research. But the lady says Harry
is a hero, so there you are.
Frank W. Fuller of the Olympic Wheel
men is back from his Eastern trip. "Bob"
Lennle has gone south to keep "Pinkie"
Stoddard company. C. C Hopkins is off
the road for a while, and Thomas H. B.
Varney is away on a combined business
and pleasure trip to Honolulu.
The Imperial Cycling Club's tournament
begins next Tuesday night. President
Winslow would like to arrange some In
terclub games, and the Imperials' crack
team is open to a challenge.
H. \V. SPALDING.
PISH AND GAME
REQUIRE PROTECTION.
L,at.pst Intelligence from Point Reyes
and Shellvtlle Is that the creeks are high
and that steelheads have at la9t been af
forded an opportunity to reach their
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CATJL, SATXRDAY, FEBRTTABY 26, 1898.
spawning beds. Doubtless there will be
a rush of anglers to Point Reves fo
morrow—that is. unless the rainstorm
shall continue over Sunday, in which case
lishing of any description would be out
of the question.
Last Sunday four flsh were caught at
Point Reyes, "and the Hon. Dr. Watt was
fortunate enough' to land a twelve
pounder at a place called the big rock
pool.
Messrs. Cooper and Walker angled in
the tide waters of Sonoma Creek. Cooper
I'uught a five-pounder and also a beau
tiful rainbow trout of about one pound In
weight.
The spason for Itilling quail and dtrck
will end with this month, after which
inanimate target shooting will be In
order.
The first game warden ever appointed
for Monterey County has just been
named by ihe County Board of Super
visors and will assume the duties of his
otflce at once. With the appointment goes
a curious provision, and one which makes
the affair unique in county annals. The
new warden takes office with the under
standing that should the board at any
time consider him a superfluous official
and request his resignation he will hand
it in.
The game laws have always been kept
in this county and no trouble was had
over them until recently, but during the
|.;ist year so many complaints have
reached the County Supervisors from per
sons who allege that young fish have
been taken from the streams and game
killed out of season, that the' board
deemed it advisable to appoint a warden
for at least a short period. E. IT. Godat
is the new warden, and he will hereafter
devote his time to keeping Intact in Mon
terey County the California game laws.
It is hoped that Sun Mateo County will
also appoint a warden. It is certainly in
need of one.
FAST HOUNDS TO
COURSE TO-MORROW.
Inasmuch as there waa coursing at In
gleside last Tuesday and Wednesday, the
usual weekly running will be confined to
Sunday. The stake is an all-age open
event for a purse aggregating $330. Many
new dogs are entered and picking winners
is hazardous The knowing ones will
probably play Swlnnerton, Not Much,
Senorita, Myrtle, Fireball, Hercules,
Move On, Nelly B, Tessie Fair, Princess
Marie, Bonita, Widow Broph'y, Dakota,
Forget, Old Glory, Rita.
The prizes at Ingleslde to-morrow are
$1 1 r. . $65, $.'!o each to the next two. $lf> each
to the next four and a return of the en
trance money to all dogs winning their
first course.
Dakota, recently brought out from the
East by Lynch & Mahtr, is being shown
to-morrow for the, first time. His reputa
tion is that of a top-notcher. Lucy, Not
Much. Lorene and Rita are also unknown
quantities.
Dillon & Reilly have purchased Wiaow
Brophy from Tommy Hall of Merced. The
Widow made a good showing last Tues
day- and Wednesday.
M. London has lately bought two Mag
net puppies from Ed Wilson. They will
be ready to run in a few weeks and are
reported to be both fast and clever.
Jimmy Anthony has a Pretender-Lady
Pembroke puppy at his resort opposite
the coursing park. The youngster has
i ii cared for at the Lopez ranch in
Pleasanton for the past few months and
will be entered in the next sapling event.
Several of the courses to-morrow will
tax the discernment of Judge Grace and
possibly fool th.' talent Silkwood and
Senorita should put up a hot contest. So
should Occidental and Tesste Fair, Prin
cess Marie and Mohawk, Widow Brophy
and Bendalong. Dakota and Magnet
Flashlight and Forget, and Belle of Mos
cow and Old Glory. In point of quality
they are drawn with a closeness seldom
seen.
The running to-morrow begins at 11
a. m.
Asthma&Bronchltis cured. No pay till cured. Dr.
Gordins rSanitnriuni,sl4Hine.nr.Kt?arn.v,S.F.,Cal.r Sanitnriuni,sl4Hine.nr.Kt?arn.v,S.F.,Cal.
Receiving Stolen Goods.
Hi Sing, 706 Pacific street, and Yee Kee,
1106 Dupont street, were arrested yester
day on warrants charging th^m witn re
ceiving stolen goods. They purchased a
lot of shoes that Were stolen by John
Cornish, a colored man, from Russell c
shoestore on Market street.
CHAMPION HANDBALL PLAYERS.
Masters of the Great Irish Game Will Arrive in This City Next
Month.
Phil Casey, champion handball player of the world; James Dunne, a player who has defeated several of the
high class athletes of the Eastern States, and James Dunne Jr., champion amateur handball player of America
wili arrive in this city in the very near future.
Phil Casey and his partner, James Dunne Sr., will make their Inaugural bow to the patrons of Ireland's great
game on March 17 at Phil Ryan's court on Howard street. Doubtless the opponents of the famous Eastern ball
smashers will be James C. Nealon and John Riordan, both of whom are very expert players, and should give eood
accounts of themselves, notwithstanding the fact that their opponents are thorough masters of handball as it is played
Possibly "Jack" Bonnet will muster sufficient courage to give young Dunne a race. A series of games betw*»A
"Jim" and "Jack" should prove decid 31y interesting, and it goes without saying that the young Eastern athlet
will meet in Bonnet an opponent who is a capable man In any kind of company. The arrival of the Invaders in
assuredly give handball a great impetus. It is a pastime that should have a laYge following In this city
COCHRAN AND
THE
COLLEGE MEN.
For two years the athletic managers of
California moved heaven and earth to se
cure the services of Garret Cochran as a
baseball and football coach. They now
have him, and he promises to institute a
revolution in matters athletic at the
State University, which will either be re
ceived with immense favor or disgruntled
dissatisfaction— according to the pulse of
the student disposition.
Cochran Is no fence rider. He Is a de
termined young man with fixed ideas
about the fitness of things. He has seen
a system worked successfully year after
year, and is as positively assured of tho
fruitfulness of it as If it were an edict
from heaven. This system , this morale
he will attempt to introduce at Berkeley.
If firm conviction and absolute determin
ation count for anything In this worM,
the University of California, on Its ath
letic side, will certainly be metamor
phosed in a very short time. This means
a great deal. It is the Implanting, in ail
its various phases, of theathleticgeniusof
tne collegiate East. Cochran will be at
Berkeley during an entire year— time for
the consummation of his plans.
It did not take Cochran io.ig to pei
ceive the differences between the Kast
and the West on track and field. Looking
out of the window of his study .'n hij
Berkeley quarters, with the ram descend
ing in torrents, Cochran unloosed the
Kates of speech and spoke right on, tell
ing of his intentions, his hopes, aspira
tions and surprises— all in reference to his
new sphere of action.
"My greatest surnrise on- taking up my
abode in Berkeley and looking out for the
distinguishing characteristic of the Cali
fornia athlete was to find such an ab
normal lack of college spirit. Such a
spirit as exists in the East is unknown
here. Why, we men work and work un
til we fall. The honor of playing on a
Varsity team in the East is paramount to
all other eartniy glories, and for the
laurel we willingly subject ourselves to a
few months' sacrifice of ease and the
pleasure of the senses. I tell you, you
don't know what it is out here. Why,
the other day I went on the field, and.
what do you think, the entire baseball
team didn't show up. If anybody failed
to show up or: the moment out East,
without previously obtaining permission
from the captain, it would be all off with
him. He would be a mile up a tree. But
you can bet things will be different in
Berkeley in a short time."
So spoke the man with an Iron hand,
a man whom the Eastern critics say
is the greatest football general in Amer
ica. Continuing he said: "When T ac
cepted Manager Brown's terms I told him
distinctly that I was to be untrammeled
in my work; that I was to use my judg
ment and to form and use my own plans,
and I intend to do it. I came out here
for two seasons, to see If I could not
develop a winning team and to get away
from Princeton. Burning memories of
the Yule-Princeton game still cling to me
and I want to get as far from the scene
as I can. Now I want first to induce
in the California man a spirit which will
make him do something, which will make
him work.
"Another thing. I never saw Hero-Wor
ship so strong iind unalloyed as in Berke
ley. Solace, condolence for shameful de
feat is taken hi the form of admiration
for the superb efforts of one or two in
dividuals. Wp haven't individuals in the
East, we have teams. To rely upon a
single man is suicidal. We develop
teams, and that is what must be done
here. When we lose in the East we do
not care to be seen about for some time
after it. We slink about as if we had
done something mean."
Cochran Is determined to have his own
way ami he will have it. A new regime
is in store for California. Instead of a
weak, vacillating directorate, there will
be one man with ideas in his head and
a hand to rule. The dictatorship is what
is needed. Though a strong ruler, Coch
ran has already gained the good will of
the student body, the athletes and the
trainers.
Last week was a quiet one at both uni
versities. A wet field Monday, a holi
day on Tuesday and rain on Thursday
interfered with the traintng of the track
teams and baseball nines. Cochran had
the pitchers out, showing them some new
wrinkles. He finds the men very weak
with the stick and will devote much time
to Improvement along this line.
At Stanford the college nine was de
feated on Tuesday by the Alumni team,
which they will meet to-day at Central
Park. Stanford's baseball aggregation Is
sorely crippled. Loughead is suffering
from a painfully sore hand. Strohn is
disabled from the same cause. Beckett,
twirler of last year's varsity, will prob
ably occupy the box this afternoon. He
has not as yet been given an opportunity
this season. Who will catch for Stan
ford has not been decided as yet. The
team wearing the cardinal will have in
it a number of freshmen, candidates for
the varsity. The Alumni has not changed
its personnel except as to the pitcher.
Who will pitch the game for the gradu
ates is a matter of sore perplexity to the
captain of the Alumni. At a late hour
last night he was stiH hunting. The game
will, however, be played.
OAKLAND WINNERS
OF BASKET BALL.
Two victories have been won this week
by the Oakland basket-ball teams over
the players from San Francisco. The
Athens defeated the Business men by a
score of S to 6 and the Spartans defeated
the Lawyers by a score of 15 to 11.
The game between the Business Men
and the Athens was played on Washing
ton's birthday in the gymnasium of the
Oakland Y. M. C. A., and the result was
Quite a surprise to many of the specta
tors. The game was full of peculiar
events.
The teams lined up aa follows:
Business Men. Position. Athens.
F. M. Goodrich.... Forward F. J. Bock
Louis Titus Forward.. J. Lancaster
\V. Wilson Center W. B. West
C. Bexnhard Guard H. Muller
C. J. Auger Guard.. ..F. J. Edwards
Last Thursday evening's game be
tween the Lawyers and the Spartans
proved to be a close and fair contest.
Both teams entered the gymnasium with
confidence. The local team was very con
fident, and justified the expectations of
its supporters at least during the first
half, when the Bcore stood 7 to 6 in its
favor. A change, however, took place
when play was resumed, and the Oakland
team carried off the game with a final
score of 15 to 11 points in its favor. Zeihn
and Menzies played well and secured 10
points on clever goals, while Deby proved
to be a very useful guard for the Law
yers, and Oliver made 7 out of the 11
points for his team.
The following players took possession
of the floor when the game was started:
Lawyers. Position. Spartans.
D Williams Forward A. Caldwell
H B Ward Forward E. Menzies
F. S. Oliver Center O.
I J. Truman Jr... Guard C. Zeihn
W. Deby Guard W. F. Martin
Oakland has now won eight games of
a possible twelve, but the championship
cup will have to make the trip across the
bay quite a number of times yet until It
shall be awarded to the winning team of
the finals. _
HANDBALL WILL
uRAW ON SUNDAY.
Should the weather conditions on Sun
day prove unfavorable for outdoor sport
the handball players will have the pleas
ure of seeing a large crowd of the lovers
of the game at Phil Ryan's covered court
on Howard street. The players who have
been matched for Sunday's games are:
M. Fngarty and P. Herrin vs. P. Foley and
M. J. Stokes.
L. Waterman and E. MoDonough vs. N. J.
Prendersa^t and D. J. Sheehan.
M. •Maguire and J. Kirby vs. W. Hamilton
and M. Basrli.
P. Steiner and M. McDonald vs. G. McDon
ald and M. McNeil.
G. Hutchinson and M. Dillon vs. W. Kelly
and P. Hutchlnson.
J. Whiti- and E. Toy vs. R. Murphy and J.
Collins.
J. C. Nealon nna R. Ijinehan vs. T. F. Bon
nett and A. Hampton.
Good News For Richmond.
The directors of the L.lng Lun Associa
tion have at last decided to move the'r
cemetery from its present location in the
Richmond District to San Mateo County.
They have purchased for the purpose a
site directly opposite to Holy Cross
(Vmotery consisting of a half mile of
ground.
AFTERMATH OF
TENNIS
TOURNAMENT.
A large crowd and a long entry list
made the single handicap tennis tourna
ment held .at the California courts on
Tuesday last a big success. Of the nine
teen players entered but two defaulted.
Throughout the sunny afternoon brilliant
smashes and long rallies were greeted
with applause by the onlookers.
Joseph Hooper's fine showing was the
surprise of the day. Dr. Root played him
on even terms and succumbed to his
prowess. George Bradshaw, after con
ceding Hooper half fifteen, was also de
feated.
Owing to darkness the final match of |
the tournament between Bliven and Mc-
Gavin was not played; it will be decided
to-day.
J. Parker Whitney, uncle of the clever
players, Bob and George, is a tennis en
thusiast, and has arranged a doubles
tournament to be held on his grounds in
Loomis, Placer County, on the 19th of
March. He has offered a handsome silver
cup as a trophy and has issued invita
tions throughout the State inviting ex- I
perts to compete. George Whitney, Rob- j
crt Whitney, Walter Magee and George \
Bradshaw will represent the Callfornias,
and it is expected that a great -many of i
the athletic Englishmen of the citrus \
colony there will enter.
A great deal of credit is due Joe Daily
for his impartial handicapping in Tues
day's tournament. Only in one instance
was he at fault, and that was due to not
seeing the entry play in two years.
Miss Alice Hoffman, who has been
elected a member of the club, is a val- j
uable acquisition to the lady players. Be- I
sides being a clever golf exponent. Miss j
Hoffman is also a tennis expert.
A tennis tournament for ladies is con- '
templated for the middle of March.
The Pacific States Lawn Tennis Asso- .
ciation intends holding a tournament in ;
the month of June at San Rafael as a
preparatory step to the annual champion
ship match on July 4.
Sherwood Adams was defeated by Percy
Murdoch in their meeting last Saturday.
Adams bases his defeat on the poor light
at the Alameda court. As each player :
now has a victory, a final match would !
be an attraction.
Adams and Harry Weihe, known as the
Calif ornias' pony team, will meet Robert ;
Holmes and Percy Murdoch, Alameda's
champions, at the local courts to-day.
COLLEGE BASEBALL
AT CENTRAL PARK.
Weather permitting, what gives promise
of being a very interesting game of base
ball will be played to-day at Central Park
between the Alumni and Stanford. This \
will be the fourth game of the intercolle- |
giate series, and the line-up Is as follows: i
Alumni. Stanford.
Elston...-. Catcher Strohn
Halladay or
LichtenberK Pitcher Lanni?an
Allen First base Young
Sheehan Second base Harris
McKee Third base Edwards
Lewis Shortstop Lougheed
Harrelson Left field Klauber
Oalhoun Center field WiKht
Sid Allen Rißht field Sevindells
Ireland Extra... (L'mpire) Bill Lange
Score to date — Won. Lost. Played.
Alumni 12 3
Stanford 1 1 2
California 1 0 1
ANOTHER LANDMARK GONE.
The Work of Demolishing the Old
Woodward Stables Bapidly
Progressing.
The work of demolishing the old "Wood
ward Stables at Fourteenth and Mission
streets preparatory to the erection of a
hospital by the Market-street Railway
system for the employes of the road is
rapidly progressing and now but a small
portion of the old landmark remains to
tell the life tale of thirty years ago when
its present site and for miles around was
nothing but a wilderness. With the tear
ing down of this building will fade the
last recollection of Woodward's Gardens,
and the old balloon cars which people In
those days thought it a treat to ride
in, coming from miles around to rattle
over the dusty Mission road in the bobtail.
Just what shape and what proportions
the new building will assume when com
pleted is not as yet definitely known, as
the final contract for its construction has
not been awarded.
The hospital when completed will be op
erated on the same system as that
adopted by lodges in caring for their sick
members. An employe of the road when
taken sick will be sent to the hospital
and there doctored and nursed, receiving
every attention, in fact, that a modern in
stitution of this character affords to its
members for the small sum of fifty cents
a month.
REJECTED HIS LOVE.
Charles Hinkle Arrested for Threat- !
ening to Kill Mrs. Mitchel.
Mrs. 1,. Mitchel,- a buxom widow who I
keeps a lodging house at 759 Howard |
street, swore to a complaint in Judge ■
Conlan's court yesterday morning for the
arrest of Charles : Hinkle. a cook, •on the '
charge of threats against life. 1 Unknown
to Mrs. Mitchel IHinkle . was confined in !
the City Prison at" the time on a charge ' i
of " drunkenness ; and the r. warrant was j
served upon him in the prison "
Mrs Mitchel . said that Hinkle had been |
rooming in her house for the past eigh- I
teen months and; he had not been long
there when he proposed. marriage to her.
She . refused j him, and since then he has !
been pestering her with his attentions and ;
threatening. to kill her. Two weeks ago i
she ' could . bear him mo longer, and -. made
him leave. He begged to be allowed to
ylslt:her and Thursday. night he called at
the house in an intoxicated condition,
™rL\^TS?. and threatened to
The Deanery of Durham Is worth
more than any other in England. The
dean receives a stipend of £3000 a year
Customs Cases Decided.
thT« >, ,K era /l appralßers °* .. goods passing
through the .Custom-house have ' made several
decisions lately which.- until passed upon by
the Secretary of the Treasury, will > hold good.
But ■ while there ;Is ' stability .' In •; that * quarter,
no system i falling •' In ( strength can 'be properly
sustained without the aid .of Hostetter' s . Stom
ach ; Bitters, a i genial tonic ; and • remedy for
malaria, ] rheumatism, dyspepsia,- constipation
ana .biliousness. 1 - • • .
STANFORD BOYS
ARE IN
ACTIVE TRAINING.
The following communication from the
Stanford University will interest amateur
athletes:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. U.
There is plenty of activity on the track, but
as yet little systematic work is being done.
Things need direction and it Is here that tha
lark of a coach is felt. Most of the older
trackmen and a goodly number of new ones
are out and working along slowly.
In the 100 yard sprints Brunton and Rirrh
are easily the best men. Cantwell, Stewart and
Limons, all freshmen, are likely colts for this
event. Digfflefl, Karstod. Stout and Weather
wax are showing up well lor the 220 and 440
yard events. In Paul Walker. '9S, Stanford
has a trusty man for the quarter mile.
The distance s«iuad is particularly large. It
Is led by Ererett Smith. Williams, Steele.
Dave CooMdge and H. Rote are doing good
work. Under the advice of Luther f'ary. the
Princeton crack* rjack, these men have been
doing less severe training. Work In the other
events have hardly begun, with the exception
of the hurdles, in which Pole. Morgan and
Culver have been doing a little something.
In baseball the team is experiencing a slump.
Fewer men are coming out for practice and the
right kind of spirit is not being put into the
play. A number of good men who donned suits
the first of the season, having despaired of
making places on the tenm so well decided
does the make-up seem, have ceased to ap
pear on the diamond. Practice under these
conditions is slow and unsystematic and the
work in consequence still crude.
The weakness of the 'Varsity was shown
Tuesday when the Alumni nine defeated it on
its own grounds by a score of 11 to 3. The
collegians could not run bases and were al
most sure to be caught out befftre they had
reached the third bag. In batting, little that
is encouraging was done. Krug, of the Cali
fornia Markets, practically had the Stanford
men at his mercy. A liability to make error*
at critical times was another characteristic of
the game put up by the 'Varsity. Strohn.
however, was not behind the bat nor was Cap
tain Loughead out. The loss of these two men
while it weakened the team, does not account
for the long string of errors made.
Ex-Captain Jeffs has announced his Intention
of coming out. His knee is much better and If
properly handled will allow him to play- In
the event of his tryine for catcher, his old
place, Strohn will probably go to third and
the Infield will be pretty well settled. Pitcher
is the doubtful place. The fight is clearly be
tween Lanagan. Hill and Beckett, with th«
former in the lead. Hatting will be the chief
requirement for the outfield. Wright is per
haps surer of htn position in the garden than
any of the others.
The infield this year should be particularly
strong. With such men as Young. Harris and
Htrohn, if Jeffs catches, on bases, and Loug
heed at short, every inch of ground ought to
be covered.
STAND FOR PURE FOOD.
James W. Kerr Addresses the Com
ing Convention at Wash
ington.
On March 2 the National Pure Food
and Drug Congress •will meet in the city
of Washington and an invitation was sent
to James W. Kcrr, president of the Man
ufacturers' and Producers' Association, to
attend. The local board was very de
sirous of having its chief officer represent
it at the congresssj but hig business and
the shortness of the notice made this Im
possible, so he prepared a letter which
he has sent to be read before the national
gathering. In it he says:
The State of California takes a more promi
nent position as a fond producing State than
the number of its population would indicate. It
takes first place in the production of beet
sugar, wool, barley, wine and fruit, while its
olives and olive oils, its honey and its various
dairy products are ever increasing resources of
wealth and occupation. It is only natural,
therefore, that the subject which brings you
together should be considered of paramount im
portance by our p« pie.
After briefly ri ewing the aims of the
■ association and what it has accomplished
, and a detailed account of the recent
j troubles growing out of the shipment to
I Europe of a lot of Nebraska corn juice,
\ under the name of "pure California
1 brandy," and the protection to the stuff
I by the Federal authorities at Washing
ton, Mr. Kerr says:
It must be apparent to all that laws which
are so powerful to protect fraudulent manu
facturers from State authorities, and yet so
feeble in che.kinß the consummation of a
; crime, or protecting- honest people, must be
i in themselves defective, and I would a.«k thi3
j Congress to endeavor to secure for State offi
cers some control over manufacturers In
I United States bonded warehouses; so that
when such frauds and Irregularities occur, if
they do not have the power to confiscate and
! condemn, as with outside manufacturers, they
can at least secure the detention of the goods
in warehouse or In transit until such time as
their true character can be investigated. I re
gret very much that we should meet with the
most effective opposition to our work at the
hands of the Federal authorities, and trust.
1 that you will he abli- to impress upon them the
i fact that the honor of our nation is not en
tirely bound up in the character of money wa
-hall pay to our bondholders.
Lobsters have a great dread of thun
der, and when peals are very loud will
swim to deeper water.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY.
* He who lose» that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health fwling you?. Your strength, ambitio-
. vigor; vitality wasting away ?
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET -
Sam Francisco, CAL.
For the speedy, safe and permanent curp of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICandPRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
There is no physician in the world who has
effected so many permanent cures, many of
which other physicians of acknowledged abllltf
had given up as hopeless
NERVOUS nFRII ITY a » d a " of Its
II bll I UUO ULDILI I I attending all-
rnents of 'iOTNO. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD
IIKN . he awful effects of neglected or improp-
erly treated cases causiii!} drains, weakness of "
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the back,
loins and kidneys and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one for study, business, mar- .
riage or enjoyment of life. Doctor Sweany can
cure you, no matter who or what has failed.
WCfttf MEN "'■ restores lost vigor and
lffbMft nit ill vitality to weak men. Organ*
of the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diseases, overwork, excesses or indis-
. cretions are restored to full power, strength and
vigor by his own successfftl system of treatment.
DIIDTIIDC Cured by Ins new method with-
flUr I UslC out. knife, trills or detention
from work— analnless,%ureand permanent cure.
HDIOnPCI C Hydrocele, swelling and
IllUUwCkbf tenderness of the glands
•'treated with unfailing success. - .
CVDUII l€ :l '"' n!1 '"senses of the bloo.l
O I r HI fail V promptly and thoroughly cured
and every trace of the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. Sweany r » own successful treatment
PRIVATE DISEASES, InnammaOon.'
rlflwAlCllldCildCdl discharges,
strictures. > which if - neglected or Improperly -
■ treated break down the system, cause kidney and I
bladder diseases, etc. ■ ■ , .
DISEASES OF WOMEN,
•«lal attention given to all their many ailments. -■
UfDiTC if you are aware of any trouble
If 111 ICI I'O" NOT DELAY; call on Dr.
Sweany to-day. If you cannot call, write him. His
Valuable book free to all sufferers.
pnucisi TfiTinii cdcc and r ° nfl *
UUnOULI AIIUH rfifbb dfiitial «t
- office or by. letter. -V. L. SWEANY. M. D., T37
Market St', opposite Orant uve. *«!] Francisco. C«l.
Hours: it to VI, 'i to 5, 7 to 8; .Sundays 10 to 12.
PChleheater'a En* lUh ltimmtmA Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^"^v ■• ■ ' ' Original sad Only Genuine. » A.
•-^/TftsS. -•• rE i »lw»7» rtlUWe. -. ladies »<k Sk\
£• VI \W"i& DnnlM for Chic\e»ter i Bngluk -W«->?S\X
tWyS***^" 10 '"' Brand In Red and Hold ivf.i»Mie\W
-L^6'jJ h " T "i ocalod with blue ribbon. T«!<e \M'
T^k ft^Wjao other. Rrpi.it ■ dangerous ivbtyitv V
II •— : /Jf tiom and imitation: At Draggisn. or m-4 4*.
■;: I t V Jm In e*tmpi for p»i-tlonli»r§. teMlmonUlr. and
v." *■» ■ , ' B ■ "Kellcif for Ladles," in lalUr, St i— lorn
J^ If Mull- 10,000 Te»tlmoBt»l«. Km* Jo/for.
v CceaUeal Va^llndlMxi 1 j ■•.>-*, .
AM ill L«c«l Dni»si«t». ; , i»lllI.A* •*-•*'*»SHAPING LIVES
OF YOUNG MEN
Christian Workers Dis
cuss Methods to Be
Pursued.
Interesting Addresses Before
the Association at
Riverside.
Quests or tiie Southern City Will Be
Treated to an Outing
To- Day.
Special P : ?patch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 25.— An interest
ing session of the annual convention of
the Stat. Young Men's Christian Con
vention was held to-day. The attend
ance was larger than on the previous
days. The three principal subjects dis
cuss- 1 during the day were: "A Glance
Id," "The Physical Man" and
raia's Young Men." These were
divided into classifications, and each
..f the classes was presented by several
of th^ prominent delegates. Those who
conducted the discussion of the sub
je< t. "Physical Man," were L. C. Dale
of Stockton, who took up class work,
which, he said, did more than any
thing else to bring out the best points
of the young man.
Drs. H. L. Deitz and W. TV. Roblee, \
directors of the San Francisco and
Riverside organizations, respectively,
presented the outdoor feature of the
work of the society, which they claimed
was one of the things that created ,
the interest in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association. W. O. Black talked j
of the necessity for athletic work, and ;
said that it prepared the young man
effectively do the work of the society
along other lines' contemplated.
Probably the most interesting discus- :
sion which has yet taken in the
ntion was when the subject, "Cal
ifornia's Young Men," was taken up. j
The principal points were made by C.
B. Willis, secretary of the association '
at Milwaukee, who said that upon the ■
young men depended the future of the ;
country. Their influence for right or
wrong was a matter of great moment ;
ry citizen, and he knew that the
Young Men's Christian Association was
doing a great and good work by put- |
ling many young men on the right j
path. The speaker cited many in- j
ttances where the work of the society j
in shaping the lives of young men had i
b^en the means of doing the country !
and the public a great service. It j
should be the constant effort of every j
member of the society at all times, said S
to point out to the young man his j
advantage, for by so doing they do a I
public service. Influence was every- j
thing— it either made or ruined the
man.
N. H. Jacks of Oakland closed the
discussion. His theme was "The Fu
ture of the Young Man," which, he
paid, was what the man made it. To
aid him to shape his life right meant
to shape his future. Start the young
man out right and he would remain
steadfast to early pious and good
training:.
To-morrow the members of the con
vention will be treated to a drive about
the city and valley by the citizens and
the local Bociety.
SUES FOR HER
FULL SALARY
Ousted Teacher Asks for Dam
ages From San Ber
nardino.
Denies tli<? Right of a Board of Educa-
tion to Repudiate a
Contract.
Special PlFpatch to The Call.
SAN* BERNARDINO, Feb. 23.— An 1m
::t case now being heard in the Su- ;
- Court has a bearing all over the i
It is one in which Miss May
Newell seeks to hold the Board of Edu
cation to a repudiated four years' con
tract.
About two years ago the Board of E<J
u< ation of this city employed all tearh-
Mier a four years' contract. Dur
ing thA following fall a new board was
ted, the members being the unani
mous choice of all political parties. It
was instructed against long-term em
ployment of teachers. The new board
vith the city tenchers and after a
conference all except the plaintiff agreed
their contracts. At the open-
Ing of the next school u-rm. Miss Newell
appeared for duty, but was informed by
the president of the board, J. W. Ste
phenson, that she was discharged. She
immediately brought suit for $1900 dam-
ages.
In the complaint these facts were !
stated, but in the answer the defendants
alleged fraud and conspiracy between :
three members of the old board and '
charged that the plaintiff was elected at |
the Instigation of a membeY to whom
she was financially Indebted, and that she
was wholly incompetent.
Judge Oster suggested from the bench
,11 such matter as the first two al- I
legations be stricken out, which was
done. The case came up on its merits '
on Wednesday and will last into next |
week.
ROOM THIEVES ABE ACTIVE.
The Southern Part of the City Across
the Channel Infested by House
Pilferers.
Since the usefulness of Lieutenant Ben- !
nett of the Southern District has been :
somewhat impaired by reason of his re- j
ent illness that section of the city has j
t<een Infested by a lot of room thieves .
who manage to get access to lodging- !
houses where mechanics and laborers ,
domicile, and while those hard working i
men are asleep their clothing Is robbed of j
whatever valuables there may be In the |
pockets.
On last Thursday night the residence
of Tim Daly at 832 Illinois street was
■ ntered by one or more of this class of i
i^rowlers and several of the men's pockets
■ r<; cleaned out of all the valuables |
ti-reln. On the same night and at "i\\
on the same street the house of W.
was entered and a similar pro
,:td with the clothing of the room
ers.
Contempt of Court.
H. D. Pike, of the Jumper Gold Syndl
;ij>peared in Judge Conlan's court
•■lav to answer the charge of bat-
terjr preferred agalnpt him by his wife
Henrir-Ua. At his rt-nueflt the case was
i continued till Tuesday. Thereupon Pike
fc put on hig hat and turned to speaJc to a
lady who came into court with him. The
•fudge sternly ordered him to remove his
liat, and Piko wai trying to remonstrate
unen the Judge ordered the Bailiff to
take him Into custody for contempt of
<-»urt. He was released on $100 bonds. "
Nft one will use a fountain pen after
trj me a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
OVERDUE SHIPS
NOT IN DANGER
News From the North of
Several Missing
Steamers.
Remained in Alaskan Harbors
"While the Storm Raged
at Sea.
Captain of the Noyo Arrives With
Information That Dispels
Anxiety.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 25.— The arrival of
the steamship Noyo to-day from Alas
ka has had a tendency to dispel a grow
ing anxiety as to the whereabouts of
several overdue vessels from the north.
A terrific storm raged in Alaskan wa
ters for several days, and it was feared
that some of the steamships had met
disaster, with a probable loss of life.
Captain Charles Lundquist of the Noyo
brings down reassuring and positive in
formation. He reports that on Febru
ary 17 vessels were located as follows:
The Cleveland was at Skaguay when
he left, and will probably arrive here
to-morrow ot Sunday.
The Protection was discharging her
cargo at Dyea, having been thirteen
days on the up trip.
The Augusta was at Juneau repair-
Ing her boiler, having blown out three
tubes.
The Scotia was at Skaguay discharg
ing her cargo.
The City of Topeka was lying at Ju-
neau.
In coming south the Noyo passed
steamers on dates and at places as fol
lows: February 20, p. m., in Wrangel
Straits, steamers Oregon and Albion;
February 21, a. m., steamer Alliance in
Tonga Narrows, Hueneme off Black
Rocks, Rosalie and City of Nanaimo off
Green Isle, Del Norte at Port Simpson
and Signal at White Sand Island; Feb
ruary 22, a. m., tug Taroma at Green
Top Island, steamer Islander at Law
yers Island, Wallowa at Kennedy Is
land; February 22, p. m., steamer Dora
off Gibson Island, Edith at East Inlet,
National City at York Point, Czarina at
Camp Point, Queen at Kings Comb,
Lakme at Fraser Ridge; February 23,
a. m., Al-Ki in Millbank Sound, Pasa
dena at Bella Bella, Farallon and Bes
sie K. at Lama Pass; February 23. p.
m., ship Resolute at Alert Bay, also
four vessels and North Pacific at an
chor there; February 24, Enoch Talbot
in Seymour Narrows, Whitelaw at De
parture Bay and City of Seattle just
this side.
That makes thirty-one vessels, most
of which were bound north, that the
Noyo passed.
LOST Iff THE SURF.
Three Fishermen Perish in an Angry Sea
at Half moon Bay.
REDWOOD CITY, Feb. 25.— Three
men were drowned at Half moon Bay
this afternoon, their boat being cap
sized by the heavy seas. The news was
first given by three boys who were
on the beach about a mile from Half
moon Bay and were witnesses to the
catastrophe. They were watching a
fishing boat, not more than 200 yards
from shore, trying to beat its way
through the waves. In the boat were
three men. An extra large wave upset
the boat and the boys say that two of
the men immediately sank in the ocean.
The third man managed to cling to the
boat. He held on for ten or fifteen
minutes, but he too was finally washed
off and disappeared with his com
panions.
The boys watched for some time,
thinking that the men might possibly
succeed in reaching the shore. Later
the boat was washed up on the beach
and secured. It was a fishing boat
twenty-two feet long, in which were
nets and fishing tackle, and also a shot
gun. Nothing has been discovered as
yet which would lead to the identifica
tion of the trio. The beach is being
watched in the hopes of recovering the
bodies.
AMOS W. GABLE
YIELDS TO DEATH
Yolo County Pioneer Passes
Away, a Victim of
Pneumonia.
Drov« a Team Across the Plains to
California in the Early
Fifties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 25.— Amos W. Gable
passed away In this city last evening, a
victim of pneumonia.
Mr. Gable was born In Ohio on Septem
ber 10, 1834. In 1553 he made a contract
with Harvey Porterfieid, by which the
latter was to pay his way to California,
and Mr. Gable was to compensate him in
work after his arrival in this State. He
drove a team across the plains, and, af
ter arriving In California, went to work
for Mr. Portorfleid and his brother, re
maining in their employ for live years.
At the end of that time he went to work
for himself, and in 1861 he was joined by
his brother, Harvey C. Henceforth the
two were partners in all business enter
prises and they made their homes to
gether. For several years thereafter
their lives were a hard struggle. They
encountered many privations, reverses
and disappointments before they securely
anchored the foundation for the fortune
they afterward acquired.
On June 4, 1574, Amos Gable married
Miss Mary Gottwals of Yolo County. The
union proved a happy one, and the fruits
of it have been four children— one eon
and three daughters. The widow, the
mother and the deceased's favorite
brother, Harvey C, survive him. The
funeral will take place from the family
residence at 2 o'clock on Saturday. It is
probable that Professor A. M. Elston of
Berkeley, and old friend of the family,
will officiate.
Coursing Club Imports a Judge.
An Informal dinner was given last
night at Delmonico's by members of the
Interstate Coursing Club to E. J. Bull,
who will in future act as judge at all the
meetings which take place under the aus
pices of the club. Bull has been "import
ed" by the club to take the place of John
Grace, the retiring judge, and is said to
be one of the best judges of coursing in
the world. He left Liverpool two weeks
aeo to-day, and during the reason in
England has been judge at the two most
important meetings In that country, Alt
car and Ridgeway. He has also acted us
indue on the invitation of the Grand
biikV Alexis, at two of the greatest
coursing meetings ever held In Russia.
The following gentlemen were present at
the dinner: John Grace J . H. Rossiter,
j R Dickson, editor of the California
Turf : John Halton, and Ralph Taylor,
the celebrated slipper from Denver.
THE SAN FBAKOXBCO CALL, SATI RDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1898.
RAISED IN THE PULPIT.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson and His Son, Rev. Clarence
True Wilson.
Owing to the protracted illness of the pastor the pulpit of the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church will for the next few Sabbaths be sup
plied by one of the most eloquent young men in all Methodism— the young
est ever ordained to the ministry— Rev. Clarence True Wilson, Ph.D.,
son of the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.
The Rev. Clarence True Wilson— now in his twenty-sixth year— pastor
of a great church at Pasadena, where, last week, a magnificent new church
edifice was dedicated free of all debt. While assisting in these dedicatory
services the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson was taken suddenly ill and is still
In a most critical condition. So the so,n comes to take his place. .*
The Rev. Clarence True Wilson has been in the pulpit since his four
teenth year, and from his seventeenth year intrusted with great church en
terprises in the East. He was admitted to the Wilmington (Del.) Confer
ence by a unanimous vote when scarce 20, and at the same time ordained
as deacon by Bishop Newman. At 22 Bishop Fowler ordained him elder.
Soon afterward he received a call from the Sixty-second street Church, New
York City, but was forced to decline the responsibility because of failing
health. He was then transferred to Pasadena, Cal., where his work has
been phenomenally successful.
Dr. Wilson will preach at both services Sunday at the Howard street
Church, and later, during his stay in the city, will conduct special revival
service— a feature of ministerial work for which he has peculiar adaptation.
■ . . ■ « - .-•■--.
BARONESS ZIEBA
SUES FOR WAGES
She Was a Star Singer at
the Thalia Music
Hall.
Fined for Being Late at a Sun
day Evening Perform
ance.
The troubles of a real live Baroness,
who has adopted the stage as a means
of getting a livelihood, occupied the at
tention of Justice of the Peace Barry
yesterday afternoon. The plaintiff in
the case styles herself Baroness yon
HE WILL TALK ON SILVER.
EX-CONGRESSMAN CHARLES A. TOWNE.
Ex-Congressman Charles A. Towno, the
great silver Republican from Minnesota,
arrived at the California yesterday, to
gether with his wife and sister and Nathan
Cole Jr., president of the Republican
Silver Club of Los Angeles. The latter
gentleman is also accompanied by his
wife.
Mr. Towne, who is a strong supporter
of Bryan, is making a tour of the West
in an endeavor to keep alive the cause
of silver, and to that end has been ad
dressing numerous audiences in the
southern part of the State, from where
he arrived in this city yesterday.
The fac-simile y*s ■ y/fSTS** ** on evei 7 wrapper
denature of (Aa//ffi<£&& <* CASTOKIA.
Zieba, and was engaged by the man
agement of the Thalia Theater to re
gale the patrons of the place with her
musical selections.
"When the Mining Fair opened she
was engaged to sing for one afternoon,
and signed a conrract to that effect.
Her extra engagement made her a little
late in reaching the Thalia, and the
proprietors, James ami Isidore
Schwartz, made objection to the mat
ter. The engagement was sudddenly
terminated and the Bareness now
claims that there is owing her $30 out
of the salary agreed upon when she
signed her contract with the music hall.
She testified on the stand that the
management had asked her to come to
the Thalia early, as three wealthy men
had called to see her, and she must do
her duty by the house. She said that
for her singing at the Minors' Fair she
had signed for $50, of which she had
received $30 from her manager and had
offered to pay a fine of $10 at the !
Thalia for being late and singing at
another place. It was bmught out that
she was singing under the name of
Miss Matthews, and that she had of
fered to perform under the name of
Baroness yon Zieba if she were allowed
a compensation of $200 p^r week.
The case resolved itself into a ques-
To-night Mr. Towne will speak in Oak
land, and to-morrow evening he will
speak before a meeting of the silver
forces at Metropolitan Temple, where, it
is exported, AY. W. Foote will preside.
W. P. Lawlor, who had change of the
local silver fight during the last cam
paign, has the distinguished visitor in
ohnrpe, and will manage all his public
appearances while in this city.
From here Mr. Towne goes to the in
terior towns of the State, from where he
will proceed north. He is fully persuaded
that Bryan is the one and only Presiden
tial possibility of 1900.
tion of the contract signed by the Bar
oness, and was continued until this
morning at 11 o'clock, when testimony
will be produced by the defense to show
that the theater management carried
out its part of the contract.
The management of the theater
claims that it did not understand that
the engagement of the Baroness was
for one week only, and in the cross
complaint filed asked for $100 damages
for her failure to carry out their in
terpretation of the matter.
STOOD UP ON LONG BRIDGE.
Jerry Began's Experience With, a
Highway Robber While on
His Way Home.
Jerry Regan, who resides at Fourth j
avenue and Kentucky street, while on '
his way home on the evening of the
23d, was stood up by a footpad on the
Fourth street bridge. Regan was walk
ing across the bridge when a short-set
fellow stopped out from behind a wood
pile and dealt him a savage blow over
the head with some blunt instrument that
partly stunned him. When realizing that
his adversary was bent on mischief he
sought to give battle, but another blow
on the back of the head settled all the
fight that was in Jerry, and consequently
he tamely submitted to fate. The high
wayman understood, his business, for
without loss of time he went through
Jerry's pockets und much to his disgust
he was rewarded by finding 15 cents and
an old clay pipe.
An Old Man's Fall.
A. Simon, 84 years of age, living at 2241
Sixteenth street, was walking In front of
his residence yesterday morning when he
slipped and fell, dislocating and fractur
ing his shoulder. lie was taken to the
Receiving Hospital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORDYEA
And SKAGUAY!
THE NORTHERN COAST
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH
Str. "Tillamook"
FEB. 28, 1898.
For passage apply, to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
General Agents,
18 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone Main 655.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, /ffcfla.
Pan Francisco, as follows: MvSSUL
For ports In Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 20, |
25, and every fifth day thereafter. ■
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town- \
tend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and
Naw Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, . Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. C, 10, 15. 20. 25, and every fifth day .
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-' 1
i pony's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
! Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry. - : . ---- ' • . ■ . " i
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho- !
mer, -10 a. m., Feb. 13, 19, 25. March 3, 9, 15.
21 27, and every sixth day thereafter. •
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Ca- !
vucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavt- I
bta, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San
! Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, W.
I and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- \
'; ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), H
i am.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28, and every,
' fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Par, Santa Ro- :
! salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m.. March I,
i April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter. i
The company reserves the right to Chans* I
' without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
I ■nd hour* of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
I Montgomery st. . ,
GOODALL, PERKINS A; CO.. On. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH .FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C4PP First Class Including Berth
TAttC $ 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF . SAILINGS:
Columbia.... Feb. 26, 'Mar. '6, 14, 22. 30
State of California....! Mar. 2, 10, 18. 28
First Class. Second Class. ,
St. Paul $37 00 $26 00
Chicago $43 50 $32 50
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
-..a . ■ 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. |
PHttnftitii The S.S. MARIPOSA :
lCjfflli|r-M:!s via HONOLULU
• »fr»Sll» M ,, (1 AUCKLAND for
y ™^—^ SYDNEY. Friday. Feb-
7w"l/\ ruary 25, at 2 p. m.
>Iwm^hinJ 8 B. 7.EALANDIA.
G)lC(jllljlllL' v/ for HONOLULU only.
/Qrf|F){|nU~ Saturday, March 12. at |
\Vlllf/Vll«f^2 p. m. Special party !
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
Freight Office— 327 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
Compagnie .Generale Transatlantique.
- French Line to Havre,
Company's Pier (new) 42 North _s*&&*
Rivtr. foot of Morton st. Travelers <CrjyT[>
hv thin line avoid both transit by «aOiJlinu_
BnrMrtJ railway and the discomfort of crossing
■Alexandria!. Egypt, via boat ; first class $160;
Al-xandriß. Ef?ypt, via Paris, first class $160;
°TFIRFTAOV B"! .: . -March 5. 10 a. m.
t'a OASCOGNE. ...;.'. March 12. 10 a. m.
t a WORMXNDIE. ..March 19. 10 a. m.
t'a- CHAMPAGNE ......... .March '26. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGoSne.... ....... ....April. 2. 10 a . m .
For further, particulars a^^^ A^ nt _
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J F. FUGA'zi & CO.. Agents,- 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ' . •
ii^-iK, HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. ;
iJiWtWili'TVHn) Twin Screw Express Line.
TH ~£j(|inff „ ' from New York to Cherbourg.
( Paris) Southampton (London), and Hamburg.
Vnrnfnnnla March 2* Columbia... May 12
A Victoria. .V.v* April 7 Normannia ....May - 19
v RWrnnrrk .April 28 A. Victoria ....May 26
win Screw 'Ma Ben-Ice. N.Y.-Hamburgdlrect.
Pretoria March 5 Pennsylvania . March 26
Patria .... ..March 12 Palatta .... .... April 9
Phoenicia ■ . March 19 1 Pretoria . ..... . April 23
Fii-^t cabin ICO up: second class. $40; steerage.s26.
Hamburg- American Line. 37 Broadway. N. Y.
HFR7OO&CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
4PI California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. m. Dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone. :
The only line selling through ticket* and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on ■ the
Valley Railroad- steamerS: ; / -. .
T C WALKER. k CITY OF STOCKTON. -
MARY GARRATT. J. D. PETERS ■■■:- -\
Telephone Main.SOS. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Al>iso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; - Alvlso I dally ■ (Saturdays
■ excepted) at 5 p. m. > Freight and Passengers. 1
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso, 50c;
to San Job?. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. \ -..,.;'>-> •.■ : -■:.'.. : ■■■ :V^:\ -
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello''.. ■ ' * V
Will lie up ' to , receive new . boiler ! and • general
overhauling •on * February 1, ■: and -»' resume ••; her ,
route on March i. .; •: . : >f} HATCH BROS, '■:,;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BjPfflj T^. .Tier's *^?^MMfn?i^ & ' "^ *"*
% y. . "■" ■ ■"* ' '-' - ' -' ■. : '. IS ; -
w ' - •-•',-■■
% I have a friend, in fact he is my brother-in-law, who is the outside
man for a New York crockery warehouse, a sort of salesman, purchas-
ing agent, collector and what not. He used to suffer from a catarrh
of the stomach. When he woke in the morning there would be a -
gripping, a contraction, a tightness of the stomach, which,' he said,
seemed to be clogged with a slimy, phlegm-like substance. Carlsbad
salts always did him some good, but now he uses a Ripans Tabule. He
only takes one when occasion requires, just one now and then. When
this man, his name is Spalding, was asked to describe the effect of the
Tabule on him, he said : "Why, it brightens me up. It has an effect
like dry air; makes me feel something as I used to of a spring morning
when the air was crisp but tempered with sunshine. I don't ls#iow
! how they produce such an effect, but that is the way they work with me."
; [V: BAILBOAD TBAVEL. j
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
I Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:»S. I
.. 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' .at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m. ' ■-'•' : ■ -
BUN DAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. , 1:W. j
i 6:00. 6:20 p. m. ■•• •■ ■ "■':■: ■.'■■
! SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
• 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips |
1 at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . . -
• BUND AYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40. |
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ' '?■ .* J■: -L_-_
Between San Francisco j and Schaetzen Park
same schedule as above. ~ ■ .
Leave ' j- -««.» Arrive
! San FrancißCO. octil. San Franclßflo. ■
 Week 1 Sun- > nf-at^ltlon Sun ' 1 Week
■I Days. I days. DC 9UnaHOn daya. I days.
7 :30 a.m. IS :ooa.m. 'Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m. I
: 8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. i Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:2aa.ra.
6:10 p.m. 5:0 Up.m .1 Santa Rosa, ! 7:35 p.m. j>l :22p.m.
I ' Fulton. •
7:80a,m. Windsor. ' 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburj,
Lytton.
I G<»yBcrville,
B:Sop.m. 8:00 a.m. ! Cloverdale. ' 7:SSp.m. I R:g?rvm.
■ ... | I Hopland and! •*'■■%*
7 :80 a.m. 1 8 00a.m. I Uklah. I 7:85 p.m. 6 :22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. '■ : ] jlO:2da.m.
8:00 a.m. i Guerneville. 7:85 p.m.!
■ 8:30 p.m. I '•'_•• •->■•' 6:22 p.m.
1 :30a.m.] 8 :00a.m. 'Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and ■■'■ '
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. «:10p.m. 8:22 p.m.
7:80a.m.i8:00a.8i.l cj.haßto.Tini "110:40 a.m. 10:25 a.m.
i 8:30 p.m. 5 :00 p.m. I ° aBtCpol - | 7:35 p.m. 7:22^1^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Ppringrs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at.
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
i Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
1 Vichy "Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
I Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
! nell's, Sanhedrin Heights,' Hullvllle, Boonville.
! Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
' Bragg, Westport, Usal. "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
! duced rates.
: • On Sundays round-trip ; tickets to all points |
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees— Market street, - Chronlcl*
IA.1 A. wf 'FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
|?=a==iij] CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
VSIIHMHi san francisco
||^I^sa*l^gJ| CHICAGO.
r ,Y Leaves San Francisco at . 4:30 p. m. .•"
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. '■'■' '.' ~
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR. ; '
Pullman Palace Drawlnpr-lTobm Sleepers,
8% days to Chicago, ' 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
: Leaves: dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist ■ Sleeping Curs on
fast - time. . Direct connection . in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. • ;
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket of nee. 644 Market
•treet. I Chronicle building, Telephone Main
1 1520. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
; mento office. . 201 J street. . San Jose. 7 . West j
Santa Clara street. -;s; s '..-.■■<'-"•'■■-
1 THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY CUMPANY.
From' September 10. 1897, train* will run : 'm
follows: '..:._ .:"" : -"- J .- - :-.■ '" ■:■ '.;\^__
Southbound... ; ■■;: ; | ' Northbound.
Paasen- -Mixed stations.! Mixed I Passer*
. ger Sunday =" d " " ! '- Sunday 1 <rer
Pally. Exo'p'tdl— — — — .Kxo'p'td Ijl Dally. .
• . 7 -SO a.m. ' 9:00 a.m. ' Stockton r 3:45 p.m. I- 5:40 p. m. >
i 8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m.! 3:53 p.m.
• 10:40 a.m.:: 3:50 p.m.- Fresno ', J:3o;\.m. 2:20 p. m '
. 11:40 a.m.! 6:20 p.m. HanforJ : . .:46 a.m. -1:13 p.m
12:15 p.m. ; 1i:45 p.m. . Vlsalia .' 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. m.
Stopping at lntermecilate po lnta wnen required'
■ ? Connections— At" Stockton with steamboats of.
C N. t&' I. • Co.. ? leaving ■■ San ■ Francisco - and \
' Stockton ,at 6•p. ' m. daily;- at Merced with ;
' stages to and from SneMlntrs, Coultervtlle, etc.;
1 also with stage for Hornttos. Marlposa, etc.:
1 at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera,
• MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- : (Via Sausallto Ferry). ' •
Leave : San Francisco, commencing ■ Novem-
ber 13, 1697: - - - y
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
- : Sundays— B:oo,.- 10:00,-11:30 a., m., 1:15 :p. ra. ■
I Round trip from Mill -Valley, $1. :
'.. THOS. COOK? & = SON, Agents. 821 Market 1
■treet, Saa Francisco. .j, - .-. ;_ _j_^± :
•'■';-. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOI ' THICK* |-A«:i»"It' CO3IPAIIT.
.• * (PACIFIC SVHTKM.)
TiHln» lr»v<' nil. l me title to »»rrlv» m*
_ - SAN riMNVIM!O. ' '
*: (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ' -
tEAVS .• — ■ From January 1, 1863. — " ARltm
"mJiOOa Niles, Sou Jose and Way fjUtions... *H:4~>a
7:00 a. Bcnicia, Suisua and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:«Oa. Marysville, Orovilleand Redding via -- .-
•Woodlacd 5:4.1p
7:OOa Vacavillo and Rurasey r »:4»p
7:30 a Martinet, .Saultaraon.Vallejo. Kapa, .
• CalLitoga ttid SanU Ro3a f !l3 '
8i«»0a Atlantio Express, OgJcn and Kaat.. Bi4.>*
Si&Oa Hiles, San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
■■■ ■■--•% /.Sacramento. ' JMnrysville, Chico,
TehamaanultecUilufT.. .......... 4.|lip
•»:SOa Peters, Milton and Oakdale "7ilSp
OiOOa Now Orleans Kxpren, Merced, Ray-
mond, I'reHiii), ISakcrslield, Santa
■ Barl«ra, l.;>a Ant;eieH, Deming,
Xl l'aso, New Orleans and East. oi43p
9:00 a Vallcjo, .Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18:13*
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stonincni »U:OOp
l:OOp Niles, San Joso acd Way Stations.. }O:IO.v
l:3Op Martinez and Way Stations. 7:45f
8:O0p LiTermore, Mendota, Ilanford and
Visalia *:13?
....... Lirerraore, Ban Jose, Nilea and Way
■ ■■-. Stations JlOilSv
«:O«l> Martint,:, Kan Uamon, Vulicjo,
Ntti>a. Culivtosa, 111 VeriMio and
Biinta ". »iI»A
*:•««• Besicla, VacaTille, Woo ill and. . . .
i * Knights Lauding, Marysville, Oro- • '
v villc and Snornnieiito ; I«»€sa
4i3Op Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilsp
4:S9p Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
. Freano, • Mcjavo (for Kandsburg),
• ' ■ Santa llarliara and I.e.* Angoluß.. 7i4»a
4i'4op Santa Fa Unite, Atlantic Kxitcbs
■-••■-- for Mojnvo hud Knat 0:45p
«53:80p " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, SI '
-, . - ■ Paso. Fort Worth, Little lJock, St. ' •
' " Louis, Chicago and East §10:13*
4T9tBUp "Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §I0:I3a
• 6:0Oi-lCuroiicuii Mail, (>g<loii and Bart.... •*•»*
' 6:001' Iluywuidu, Kilts and San J05e...... 7:4r, A
)8:OOi> Vai:eji) ".. 17i45p1 7i45p
8:00p Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
viile, Jteilili'ig, I'ortluml, Tugot
Sound and Kast Bil3\
SAN Lt;A.\«UO A.%» lIAVWAItItS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"T^OOaI ~" ~ ( Til sa:
8:0« a Melrose, Seminary Park, \', **2*l5 A
io!oot Fitciibnnr, Elmhurst, tM9i
in":<»ov Sim Leaiulro, South San < *? :4^»
:i2:OOM le naro ,E B tudillO t U;l2p
i:t':oop Lorenzo, Cherry; . / {4i43r
4:00p . I ts:4op
H:OOp >I>a O:13p
«:j|«p H«yn.rd 8 . Jjg»
8:00p i nn g through to Nile*. 1 ,?!ii£
m^p/ tF - K " e8 - >nß»£%n B »£%
COAST lIIVIMON (Narrow Gauge}.-
: (Foot of Market Street.)
H:;lSa Ncwnrk,Oenter»llle,Hau.Jose.Felton,
ltouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way "• •
' Stations. ....:... »l»»I<
•StlSp Newark, CentervlUe, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek, ■C-
~ Santa ; Cmz and Principal Way ______
Stations :..... 'S'SJ 4
4:15r Newark, Hnn .TosoaudLoa Gatos ... 9:SOa
f11:45p Hunters" Excursion, Saa Jose and - „ „„
. Way Stations ..................... t7tgQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. v
rrom FRiNCISCO— Foot or Market Sireat (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 • 11:00 a.m. " +1:00 *2:00 t3:OQ
•4:00 ■■' $5:00 *6:00 i".«. • ■. . .". .; v ."."; >:,. - ". •.
Prom OAUIND— Foot or Bro«dw»T.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 a.k;
tl8:00 *l:00 t2:00 - "3:00 - tl:00 ;; *8:00 p.M.
"~" CUASTitl VlSlON. (Uroadiiauge). •
(Third and Townsend Sts.) f
* O:s3*Han J'oHe and Way SUtions (New -
• Aluiadeu Wednesdays 0n1y). .Y.Y.; S:33a
9:00 a Han Joso, 'Ires rinos, Simla Cruz,
•: •■ i'Ji Pacific (irove, ■ laso ■ Iti)blrs, San
l.nls Oliispn, Uuadalupe, Surf and
Frluc!i>:U AViiy Stations .......... 4ilsp
I«:4Oa Sun Mm: Way Stations »8»«0a.
! 11:30 a Ban Jose and Way .Stations ...... :. . 8:33 a
! *X:3Oi> Ban Mateo, Redwood, Mculo Park, ;
.....-■•. Santa Clara, Bai. Jose, Gliroy,
. " Holliater, Santa ■ Crux, > BalinM,
- - Monterey and raclflc<iroTo...... *10i404-
j •8:1 5 r San Jose and Principal Wuy Stations *9:l»«\
•4tlsrBanJosoanilPrincipalWayStatious 0:45 a
•5:O0p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
S:2or Kan Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p,
«:»Oi> San Joso and Way Stations.. 7:'-iOp
1M :■*•'»!■ San "Joaeand Way 5tnti0u5......... 7:! fOp
"'*•;'- A for Morning. •. 1' for Afternoon, .■■■ .
I •Sundays excepteil. ■ J Sundays only. '-It .Saturdays only,
ft Monday, Tbunday and Saturday night* onlj.
■ 5 Mondays and Thursdays. ■■' ■*'••-■ -
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. ' • _ . ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San' Francisco, Commencing. September
- . ' 19, 1597. --, •-■-'"
I* WEEK DATS. '
For Mill .Valley and San Hafael— »7:2s, »9:30.
■11:30 a. m. ; •1:43, 3:45,- •5:15," 8:00. 6:30. p. m.
i Extra trips .: for San. Rafael on ' Mondays,
~ Wednesday's and Saturdays : at 11:30 p. m.
'-. —•: .-. -V..; SUNDAYS. ■ ■
1 For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, »10.0<V
•11:30 a.' m.;;*l:15, 3:00. *4:30, -6:15 p. m. -, -..'
1 Trains marked * run to San Quentin. -
,: ->-.*., . - • THROUGH TRAINS.; . - ,
; 7:85 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45' p. m. Saturdays : (mixed train) for
Duncan -. Mills '■■ and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. ■.
~/^BVOEWLY,STRONG&CO.>»gV~ /^BV0EWLY,STR0NG&C0.>»gV
(l -"PATENTS! >1
>tt|T33o MARK£T SLSJ.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET. "
Sliver; unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures Ipwer.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Some slight changes in Kay.
Feedstuffs as before.
Beans very firm.
Potato market broke under large receipts.
Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs weak.
Turkeys firmer. Game slow.
Fresh fruits about the same.
Raisins lower and dull.
Dried Peaches weak. Apples and small
Prunes firm.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Lard advanced. Bacon and Hams firm.
Hogs continue to rise. Spring Lamb lower.
Beef and Mutton steady.
Rice about the same.
IMPORTS OF WOOL.
Imports of Wool into this country in 1897
were 356.839,000 pounds, valued at 553.432.000.
against 159.776,000 pounds, at $22,421,000 In 1896.
Host of the Wool las*- year came in before
July 21. the date on which the new duty went
into force.
EXPORTS OF TOBACCO.
Exports of Tobacco from the United States
in 1537 were -$27,737,000, against $:5,809,000 in
IS9S. There was a value oi $10,497,601 in un
manufactured and $2,139,194 in manufactured
Tobacco, imported in loSG. and $9,072,468 and- SI,
930,753 respectively in 1897. -
EXPORTS OF TOBACCO.
Exports of Tobacco from the United States
In 1897 ware $27,757,000. against $23,809,000 In
1896. There was a value of $10,497,601 in un
manufactured and 52.139.194 in manufactured
Tobacco imported in ISM, and 972,481 and
$1,550,753 respectively in 1597. . • .-
IMPORTS OF SUGAR.
Imports of Sugar Into the United States in
1597 were 4,101,111.000 pounds, valued at 181,
729,000, against 4,108,195,000 pounds at $9<5.214.000
in 1896. There was an Increase in 1897 over
1896 of 3.576.531 pounds raw and a decrease of
10.860.137 pounds refined, making a net decrease
of 5. 987,000 pounds, with a decrease of $14,485,
000 in expense.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 16
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 27 for the previous week and 23
for th» corresponding week of .1897. The fail
ures for the past week are divided among the
trades as follows: 1 lodgings. 2 general mer
chandise. 1 cigars. 1 drugs. 1 grocer. 1 picture
frames. 1 carriages. 3 liquors, 1 hotel, 1 min
ing company, 2 boots and shoes. 1 tailor.
THE RAIN.
The rainfall for the past forty-eight hours
has been liberal in the northern part of the
State, but the San Joaquin and Salinas Val
leys still show a deficiency. In the former the
fall has been only .12 on the average and In
the latter from .27 to .36. This is better than
nothing, however, and will keep grain and
grass along with the usual spring showers, 90
there need be no apprehension as to the im
mediate future. ■
MOVEMENT OF PRECIOUS METALS.
The Imports of Gold and Silver Into the
United States for the seven months ending
January 31, 189S, was as follows:
Imports. Exports.
Gold $30.555,138 $11,805,467
Silver : 5.265.555 34.719,770
' Totals $39,153,693 $46,525,237
The Gold movement shows a net gain of $19.
079,871. For the same time in the previous fis
cal year the Gold imports were $78,151,206 and
the exports 515.453.561, showing a net gain of
$62,667,544. The exports of Silver for the seven
months of the year are $3,400,000 less than In
18?6-97. .
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear or the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT. .
Oirth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2.V— 5 p. m.
The following ar» the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with thone of the same date
last season, and rainfall? during the past
twenty-four hours:
- f-y Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Searon. Season.
Eureka .........;... 0.1! 25.11 35.87
Red Bluff 0.01 10.43 20.94
Sacramento 0.02 3.16 14.47
San Francisco 0.02 7.10 17.76
Fresno 0.02 3.41 S.SS
San Luis Ohispo 0.32 5.06 17.3*!
Los Angeles 0.1« 4.27 14.46
San Diego 0 . 3.3S 10.11
Yuraa -. 0 1.26 4.87
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum. 47: mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over the northern portion of the
Pacific slope.. Darin* tho past 12 hours there
ha» been a slicht fall in pressure alnnc the
coast of Northern California and there are
some evidences '■'. the return of a. T>ortlon of
th» low area which was central last" night off
the const of Washingtoa and Northern Oregon.
• The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary, over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. .-. - .■ . •
" Light rain has fallen In California from Los
AnitflM northward -ilitrinK the past 12 hour?
Rain has also fallen at Fort Camby and Ta
toosh Island.
The follov.ir.K maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh, 23 miles per hour, from the
southwest; Fort Canby, ."2, south.
ForecaFt made at 5-"an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 26, ISSS:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday; probably occasional show
ers; southeasterly winds. ■ .
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; west
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday: probabl* showers
in northwest portion. -~
Utah— Cloudy Saturday. ■
Arizona— Fair Saturday. .>.,■,:.
• San Francisco and vicinity Unsettled weath
er Saturday, with conditions favorable for oc
casional showers; southerly wind. .; -;-■>
Special report from Mount Tamalpias — Dense
fog; wind southeast. 36 miles; temperature,
43; maximum temperature. 45. -. •■
ALEXANDER MoADIB.
Local - Forecast Offlotal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, Feb. "Ll.— There was a sharp
recovery Ln the prices of stock* to-day Sn which
the engagement of gold for Import wa« the
predominant influence. The course of the ex
ctuixucfi market yesterday foreshadowed th*
early Importation of gold, ■ which is the direct
outcome of the stiffening In the rates for call
money. The amount of sterling exchange held
In New York Is variously estimated at from
$40,000,000 upward. A large part of It has been
used as collateral for loans and the large li
quidation of loans has released a quantity of
this exchange and brought it upon the mar
ket. In other words, the rise In money rates
makes It more profitable to bring home funds
which have been left abroad on account of the
higher rate hitherto prevailing there. The im
port movement of gold is likely, to continue un
less there should be a sharp advance in the
money market in London and Paris. The call
ing in of this country's gold credits abroad is
likely to put a stop tor the present to foreign
buying of our securities which has been large
of late an.l which continued even to-day. The
bears made an effort to retain control of the
stock market at the opening to-day by raid-
Ing a few of the specialties, notably Metropoli
tan Street Railway and Manhattan, but they
were unable to wipe out the gains shown in
sympathy with London. Trading was ner
vous during the flrst hour but after that the
upward tendency became fairly settled and
continued throughout the day with slight frac
tional I reactions, A distinguishing feature of
business was the large number of small lots of
stocks changing hands, reflecting a targe in
vestment demand. The day's highest level of
prices was not fully maintained, but net gains '
generally were from 1 to 2 points. Great j
Northern preferred gained 6 points on renewed I
rumors of a valuable distribution to-be made
to stockholders. The effort being made to ad
just rate differences on "Western and trans-
Continental lines was a favorable factor In the
market.
Money on call loaned at 3 per cent but later
became easier In response . to gold engage
ments. Rates were firmer in both the money
and commercial paper markets.
There was a sharp recovery In bonds to-day
in sympathy with stocks. Total sales, $2,
640,000. N
United State* new 4s coupon declined 14;
do registered, 1, and the old 4s, registered, and
the is. 4 bid.
Total pales of stocks to-day were 467,600
shares, including: 4740 Atchison. 7475 do prefer
red. 8165 C. & 0.. BV.SSO Burlington. 12.975 L.
& N., 19,850 Manhattan. 8718 Metropolitan, 8335
Heading preferred, 6662 Missouri Pacific, 15,715 I
New York Central, 3650 North American, 5720 j
Northern Pacific. 18.870 do preferred. 13.660 '
Rock Island, 81,60t St. Paul, 4550 St. Paul and '
Omaha, 6750 Southern preferred, 13,175 Union !
Pacific, 11,899 Tobacco, 20,660 People's Gas, 4957 I
General Electric, 68,930 Sugar, 3600 T., C. &
1., 10,097 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11% St P & Om 69%
Do pref 27% ' Do pref 148
Baltimore & Ohio 164 St P M & M 134
Canada Pacific ..82 So Pacific .-. 19
Canada Southern. 4&% So Railway 8%
Cent Pac 12 ' Do pref 2S^ 8 I
Ches & Ohio 20% Texas & Pacific. 10 8 j
Chi & Alton 162 Union Pacific .... SO
Chi B & Q....... 944 U P D & G 84
Chi & E 111 54 Wabash 64
C C C & St L.... 80 DO pref 15 *
Do pref 76 Wheel &L E 2%
Del & Hudson .. 10? Do nref 9
Del L & V 160 Express Companies —
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 116
Do pref 47"k American Ex 12.".
Erie view) 14 I United States ... 42
Do Ist pref .... 39 I Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne '..168 Miscellaneous — ■■
Gt Nor pref .... 155 I A Cot Oil 17%
Hocking Val 6% Do pref 71
Illinois Cent 101 Amn Spirits 74
.Lake Erie & W.. 15% Do pref 19
Do prrr 70 Am Tobacco 89%
Lake Shore 1914 ! Do pref 112
Louis & Nash.... 54% People's Gas 90%
Manhattan L 102% I Cons Gas 182
Met St Ry 136 V* Com Cable C 0.... 165
Mich Cent 106 Col F & Iron 204
Minn & St L.... 26 i Do pref 78
Do let pref M Gen Electric 32
Mo Pacific 264 Illinois Steel 47
Mobile & 0hi0... 274 Laclede Gas 41
Mo X & T 11% Lead 804
Do pref 36 Do pref 1034
Chi Ind & L.... 74 .Vat Lin Oil .... 16'
Do pref 27 Or Imp Co 264
N J Central .... 91% Pacific Mail 28%
NY Central ... 112% ! Pullman Pal 178
N T Chi & St L.. 12% Silver Cert 654 '
Do Ist pref .... 6S Stand R & T.... 4% I
Do 2d pref 34 Sugar 123
Nor West 13% Do pref 1114 !
No Amer Co .... Mi IT C i Iron 20
No Pacific 21% S Leather 6H '
Do pref 80% Do nref 60 7*7 * i
Ontario & W 154 D B Rubber 15% :
Or R & Nay.... 48 ! Do pref 66
Or Short Line .. 274 West Union 87%
Pittsburg 161 Chi & N W 1214
Reading :*.. 184 Do pref 1734 i
Do Ist pref .... 44 jSt L & S W 4% I
Rock Island .... 654 Do pref 9% '
St Louis & S F.. 6% R G W 23 |
Do ist pref 65 Do pref 57
Do 2d nref .... 24 Chi G W 101,4
St Paul 92% Haw mm Co 29
Do pref 1454 '
CLOSING BONDS.
U 9 new 4a reg.. 1244 N J C 5s 113%
Do coup 124 N Carolina 65.... 125
U S 4s 1114 Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 11&4
Do 2ds 994 Do 8s 60%
U S 5s ree 112 Do 4s 954
Do os coup .... 112 NYC& St L 4s. 1054
District 3.65s .... 11*4 Nor & W 6s 125
Ala class A 1084 Northwstrn con.. 142%
Do B. 107 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 95 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 95 O Nay 4s 94%
Atchieon 4s 6094 O S Line 6s tr.... 112
Do adj 4s 69 OS Line 5s tr ... 100
Can So 2ds 109*4 O Imp lsts tr.... 109
Chi Term 85% Do 5s tr 57
C & Ohio 5s 117 Pacific 6s of 95.. 1034
CHAD 445.... 104 Reading 4s 83
D&lt G lsts.... 109 R G W lsts 61%
D & R G 4s 90 S L & I M C ss. 8S
East Term lsts .. 106% S L & S F G 65.. 1174
Erie Gen 4s 70% St P Con 140
F W & D lsts tr. 70 St P C & P l»ts.. 122
Gen Elec ss 1004 1 Do 5s 116% |
GH& S A 65.... 109 So Ry 5s 90
Do 2ds 105 Stan RAT 65... 56 j
H & T C 5s 1094 Term new set 3s. 90
Do con 6s 106 T&P L G lsts.. 99%
lowa C lsts 100 Do Rg 2ds ...... 324
Kan P Con tr 100 Union Pac lsts .. 1274
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131% U P D & G lsts.. 554
La new cons. is.. 101 Wab Ist 5s 10S4
L& N Unl 45.... S7Vi Do 2ds 784
Missouri 6» 100 W Shore 4s HOVi
M X & T 2ds 604 1 Va Centuries ... 69
Do 4s 87% j Do deferred 4
N V Cent lsts .. 11641
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 50 |
Con Cal & Va.. . 60 ' Plymouth 08
Deadwood 1 00 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 43 1 Sierra Nevada.... ■ 90
Homestake 37 00 ! Standard 165
Iron Silver 41 | Union Con 80
Mexican 2 . I Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Feb. Atchison. 114; Bell Tele
phone. 237; Burlington, 94; Mexican Central,
54; Oregon Short Line, 28.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: There was ;
an Irregular tendency In the stock market here
to-day. The activity was entirely centered In
Americans, and the buying here was consid
erable and Influential. It Is felt that if the
political situation improves the market here
Is likely to become better, as the recent slump
gave Just the opportunity desired by many to
lay In stocks. Prices olosed near the best.
There is no change In Spanish securities, al
though the Paris bourse was flat and mines
were heavily sold from there.
. V,.. ; - CLOSING.
Consols for money, 112 13-16; do for the ac
count. 112 T /»; Canadian Pacific. 84Vi; Erie, 14^:
! Erie seconds, 3\t\; Illinois Central. 105^: Mexi
can, 23; St. Paul common, 96; New York Cent
ral, 116H: Pennsylvania, 68; Reading. 9%; Mex
ican Central, new fours, 67H; Atchiaon, 12;
i L. & N.. 56Vi; O. T., 1%; bar silver, uncertain,
: 25% d per ounce; money. 2H@2^i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months blll« la 2\ per cent.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.886; exports, 15,772 barrels. Market Inactive
and a Khßde easier; Minnesota patents, $4 30@
6 do.
' WHEAT— Receipts, 64,575; exports, 27,831.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1 06% f. o. b. afloat.
. Options opened easy at %©Vsc decline, influ
enced by foreign selling and lower cables, but
experienced rapid recorery on light • offerings
and scattering covering. : Steadiness ruled un
til near the close ' when a bear attack, aided
by disappointing speculative support, caused a
sharp break, the market leaving oft weak at
H'S !^c net decline. ■ No. 2 red February closed
$1 US; May. 99\cy$l 01%. closed. 89% c.
WOOL— Steady. \--.v- ■:■;-;•. V^. ■■■:. ;
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Higher. i- ■.'<=> -»;£7;
PIG IRON— Warrants very dull, with $6 45
bid and $6 45 asked. Lake Copper strong' at
$11 62' / 4@>ll 76.
Firm,- at Jl4 10*314 20.
SPELTER— at $4 lOff 4 30.
LEAD— DuII, at »3 7603 82^. The firm fix
ing the settling price for miners and smelters
quotes lead at $3 60.
COFFEE— Options closed steady. 5 points
lower to 6 net higher; sales, ' 30,000 bags, in
cluding March, $5 45@5 50. • Spot | Coffee—
dull; No. T Invoice. 6%c;- No. 7 Jobbing. 6%c.
Mild— Steady; Cordova, 7%<g15%e. • . .
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 3-16 c. Refined, firm. . ■
BUTTER— Receipts, 2780 packages. Firm;
State dairy. 14®17c; State creamery. 14(?l9c;
Western creamery, 14%@20c: Kleins, 20Q204c;
factory. Il«fl4c. ■ -. •■ 7
EGGS— Receipts. 8196 packages. Firm: State
and Pennsylvania. 15^15>4c; Western. 16c:
Southern, 14@14%c. t ->_■ y -^
DRIED FRUIT. 
NEW ; YORK.. Feb. 25.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples, firm; other fruits steady.
• EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, E<g>7\c;
prime wire tray, 8»*c; wood dried prime, B>,4c;
choice. S>Ve9c; fane 9\4S?loe. •
. PRUNES— . , ...".^
APRICOTS— 7Hc ; Moorpark, S^llc.
PEACHES— Uupeeled, , s®9c; -peeled. 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
'- CHICAGO, Feb. 2S.. T Th» opening tone
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
In wheat was somewhat irregular. May
was quiet and weak and opened at %@
%c lower at from $1 034 to SI 03, and
selling down inside of a minute or two to
*1 ui!4, then rallying to $1 034. July was by
no ineiias steady, displaying the weakness
that the earlier delivery did. July opened a
shade lower at S^ig'SS^c, where It hesitated
for a short time, then slowly advanced to
904 c. Though news was of a mixed charac
ter, that having a bearish tendency was ap
parently given the most attention at the start.
Liverpool was considerably lower, though not
enough to cause much fresh selling here.. The
most important bearish news was the Argen
tine shipments which amounted last week to
l,4Uti,uCo bustfcls, which was far from bearing
out the statements that the exportable sur
plus of that country would not exceed, 24,000.
uOO bushels. After the .first minute or bo of .
trading, however, this sort of news was lost
sight of. The much more confident tone of
Wall street and toe prospects of delay In de
cisive action over the Maine disaster Induced
many sellers of yesterday to turn buyers, and
this demand exerted a favorable influence on
prices immediately. Fear of a buying flurry
which might punish shorts also caused hedg
ing by the more conservative bears. July de- .
veloped more strength than did May, and more
trading was done In that delivery throughout.
The Letter party probably accumulated 1.500,000
bushels of July during- yesterday's selling
Uiror, and the amount of bidding for that op- j
tion during the morning developed the fact i ,
that the market was oversold. It resulted in j
a gradual advance In July to 90% c, May mean
while getting to $1 03%. A long period. of dull
ness followed, realizing by smaller scalpers
causing reactions to $1 04 and 90 ! - 4 c. - Afternoon |
prices gradually tended downward. A sharp
break in California wheat at Liverpool of 24d .
was talked of a good deal and helped to start
selling again. July closed at 89V*@S9%c; May,
SI 034.
Corn followed wheat, May closing Vie lower.
Oats were active and strong early, but eased
off later, closing unchanged.
In provisions there was the same disposition
to cover stuff sold yesterday as In grain. Near
the close the market became weaker. May
pork closed 150 lower. May lard and May ribs,
24c lower.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 1034 103% 1024 1034
July : 89!, 90% 89% $9%
Corn, No. —
May 29% 80% 29% 29%
July 21 31% SO',, SOT, '
September 82% 32% 82 824 I
Oats, No. —
May 26 264 26 264 !
July 24^4 244 244 24% i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 10 60 10 75 10 60 10 60 |
July 10 624 10 75 10 35 10 55 j
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 520 530 620 620 '
July 530 5 374*5 30 530
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 15 5 20 5 124 5 124
July 525 525 520 620 i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: No. 2 spring Wheat, 91@92c: No. 3 spring
Wheat, 91c; No. 2 red, $1 02@l 034; No. 2 Corn, \
2S4@2S%c; No. 2 Oats. 25% c; No. 3 white, f. o.
b., 27>4<8<19c; No. 2 Rye, 49V;c; No. 2 Barley, f. : .
o. b.. 32@39c: No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 23; Prime Tim- j
othy Seed, $2 95; Mess Pork, per barrel, $10 45 ;
GtV 50: Lard, per 100 pounds. $5 15®5 17; Short
Ribs Sides, loose. $5 06©6 33: Dry Salted Shoul
e ti boxed. 4%<Ssc; Short Clear Sides, boxed. '
I x ■ •/.'. 50; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, \
per gallon, $1 IS4.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. [
Flour, barrels 11.000 13.0.M
Wheat, bushels 51.000 67.000 :
Corn, bushels 467.000 266,000
Oats, bushels 276.000 96.000
Rye. bushels 8.000 900 !
Barley, bushels 85,000 17,000 !
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@194c; dairies, ■
ll@l7c. Cheese, quiet; S@S4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14c. ___
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
. Receipts. Shipmts. !
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 158.700 56.980
Duluth "-. 015 6.717
Milwaukee 23,400 5.200 •
Chicago 60,910 66.839
Toledo 11,022 5.000
St. Louis 18.000 7.000 .
Detroit 6,063 6.143
Kansas City 76,000 32.000
Totals 401,110 185,879
Tidewater —
Boston 36,604 41,594 J
New York 64.575 27.831 !
Philadelphia 23.213 6.215 j
Baltimore 64,276 152,840 i
New Orleans
Totals .'. '. 17S.6SS • 225.450
PARIS FUTURES. 1
Wheat— Feb. Mar.
Opening 62 00 69 45 i
Closing 6175 69 40 i
Flour-
Opening 29 00 27 80
Closing 28 95 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. •
•■■ - - ■ Mar. May. July Sept. Dec.
Opening 75% -7 2% 66% 654
Closing 7 10% 75% 72% 66% .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 25.— CATTLE— The bulk of !
the Cattle sold at $4 15@4 90, the poorest steers |
going at $3 70©4; but few Cattle brought $5 25; ]
stockers and feeders, $3 30@4 55; bulls were I
lower; canning cows sold well, few going un- j
der $2 50; calves were scarce, a few selling for
$7 124.
HOGS— Buyers of Hogs held back and prices '
averaged 24@5c lower. Hogs selling at an
extreme range of $3 824*5:4 074, chiefly at $3 974 !
©4 05; pigs, $3 55(&?. 90.
. SHEEP— was a fairly active general '
demand for Sheep and Lambs. Lambs weak
ened in prime, while Sheep sold a little higher. 1
Sheep at $3i&3 50 for the poorest up to {4 65 for j
strictly choice flocks, fed Westerns selling !
mainly at $4 10<g4 50; yearlings sold at $4 75@ !
5 and lambs at $4 5065 60, chiefly $5 25@5 50, :
feeders bringing $5 10Q5 25.
Receipts — 3000; Hogs, 25,000: Sheep,
8000.
OMAHA. .
OMAHA, Feb. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1200.
Market steady. Native beef steers, S3 7(Kg4 80;
Western steers, S3 50!g4 50; cows and heifers,
$3@3 90; stockers and feeders, $3 60@4 70; bulls
and stags, $2 30(§3 50. ..- • ,
HOGS— Receipts, 4700. Market 5c lower. Bulk
of sales, S3 774@3 80; heavies, S3 75®3 824;
light and pigs, $3 80@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market strong.
Choice natives. $3 70@4 70; . choice Westerns,
S3 605 4 50; common and stockers, S3@4; lambs,
$3 50® 5.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 2500. Choice shipping Cattle scarce,
generally 10c higher; dressed beef grades large
ly $4 30^4 90; fed Colorados, $4 90; feeders ac
tive, higher, $4 20@4 60; stockers quiet, S3 75®
5 10; cows and heifers strong, $2 50@4 35.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 14.000. Market un
even, generally steady. Pigs and lights 5c
lower; bulk of sales, S3 70-53 95; heavies and
I pacekrs, $3 85®4 10;. medium, $3 80@4; lights
S3 40<&3 80; pigs, $3 25@3 55. • .
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 4100. Market ac
tive and strong. Muttons, $3 7,"(g4 50; West
erns, $3 76<g>4 40; lambs. $4 60<55 60.
,:>\ ; DENVER.
DENVER, Feb. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 300.
Market steady. Beef steers, S3 50@4 40; cows.
I $2 75@3 CO; stockers and feeders, S3 70@4 50,
1 freight paid to river; bulls, stags, etc.. %■> 2i<a)
I 10. .
Receipts, 200. Market steady. Light
packers. S3 80@3 85; mixed, $3 75©4 80; heavy.
S3 70^3 80; bulk of sales, SI *5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300. Market .-**>ady. Weth- i
ers, S3 75®4 25; ewes, S3 10@3 90; lambs. $4 50 ■
m 30. • "__ -; >'S ;..-,'
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK. :
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— The Journal of Com- j
merce says: Competition of California products i
has reduced the outlet for many foreign goods :
of similar character, during the past year or !
two, and among once prominent articles of ;
European growth in this market none seems to i
have felt this competition more than ' Valencia j
Raisins, which." before ' the time when Cali- '
fornia Raisins became an important factor, '
were In universal demand in the United States, :
and which even for some time thereafter ' held i
an Important position . among commodities !
necessary to supply of trade. . .. . . ~ ; . . j
Recent statistics show to what extent lm- i
ported Valenc!as~have . been, supplanted 1; by I
cheaper California fruit from a . table pre
pared by Jaime, ,> Morandy & Co. of Denla,
Spain, giving the total shipments of . Valencia j
Raisins at that port from 1850 to date,- some !
interesting deductions may be drawn. In all
these years until 1895 shipments -to the ' United' ■
States and Canada were largely regulated •by ;
the condition of supplies in the primary mar- i
ket, there being no question as to the amount ;
required for consumption here. But from that >
time to the present imported Valencia Raisins j
have been gradually displaced • by . California :
fruit, owing more, it is said, to low prices than :
to good quality of the latter. In 1894 imports
of Valencia Raisins at United States and Cana- i
dian ports were 133. quintals. The following
year but 59,806 quintals were imported. In |
ISO 6 the imports amounted to 83,726 quintals,
and In 1897 to 65,485 quintals, but it is under- I
stood that the greater part of the stock In both <
years went to the Canadian market. '." ,
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. Consols, 112%: .Silver, !
25% d; French rentes. 103f. 72Hc@103f 62V»c ■•
LIVERPOOL. Feb. Wheat, dull; No.. 1 '
standard California wheat, 395; cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart, -'3d lower; car- j
goes on passage, . buyers and sellers apart, 3d :
lower; English country markets, quiet; French ]
country markets, quiet; Liverpool wheat, No I
1 California, 8s ld@Ss l%d; wheat . in Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, dull; weather In Egland,
milder. - . • .- . . . • ■
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
.:; ■ CLOSING.
February, steady, .3s fi^d; March,
steady, 3s- 4>*d. • - ■
; . FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, • steady. 10b. ■ '
• BOSTON WOOL ■ MARKET. ; v iv/; "
BOSTON, Feb. *s.— The * Boston . Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow, of ; the wool mar
• ket: ■ The ■• market 7 continues very quiet, but
«tgadfc at^ last woels'p rates. The hlm
of medium unwashed fleeces continue to be a
feature. There is absolutely no change In
price.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— Wheat Is du',l, at
unchanged prices. Sellers are holding off for
higher prices, and buyers are not anxious for
business even at present prices. As a result
of this condition of affairs quotations are to a
certain extent nominal Walla Walla, 75@76c;
valley, 78@7Sc per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 25.— Wheat very weak.
No. 1 club, 76c; No. 1 blue stem, 78c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— Exchanges, $314,
454; balances, $31,950.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Under the influ
ence of the Maine disaster the stock market
was unsettled at the end 'of last week. , Liqui
dation continued on Monday, the holiday on
the succeeding day creating a desire to cur
tail speculative engagements. ' On Wednesday,
in the face of heavy buying by London, the
market showed increased weakness and liqui
dation tendencies and continued this course
on Thursday, breaking' with some violence.
The hardening of interest under the withdraw
als of money for use in business at the In
terior and the consequent reduction of the
time loans added to the unsettled feeling and
the calling In of loans was among the chief
disturbing factors London was again a large
buyer at the breaks. Its total purchases in the
two days being estimated at over 100,000 shares,
though this was considered to be mainly spec
ulative and likely to result in selling on the
rally, which foreign operators believed would
ensue. Some large - Interests were purchasers
of the specialties, such activity being promin
ent in the Vanderbtlt stocks, in People Gas
and Rock Island and in the Pacific and Kan
sas and Texas. The bear people were, how
ever, very active In the progress of the de
cline and were rewarded with the forcing out
of a large amount of long stocks, through the
exhaustion of margins and the catching of
stop-orders.
Throughout the week the Traction stocks and
Sugar were especially unsteady and ready to
yield, indicating both that the prices for them
had been put to an unduly high level and that
their rise had attracted considerable weak buy
ing. Humors of all kind regarding alleged
discoveries about the loss of the Maine and
the probable effect on our relations with Spain
had free circulation and the market was too
demoralized on Thursday to take notice of
favorable circumstances, such as the drop in
exchange rates in response to the advance in
money here and the accompanying possibility
that p.ny future rise In Interest here would
have the effect of attracting gold from the
other side of the Atlantic.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-seven Cities for the week ended
February 25. with the percentage of increase
.and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
Percentage
Inc. Dec.
New York : $744,259,296 71.1 ....
Boston 91.525.27.' 34.0
Chicago .....*... 88,682.315 30.l
Philadelphia 65.594.864 32.0
St. Louis 25.350.. 47 .... ....
Pittsburg 21,090.805 69.5
Baltimore 14.595.608 30. a
San Francisco 15.712.958 85.6
Cincinnati 10.695.550 11. a
Kansas City 9.708.843 11.3 ....
New Orleans 9.574,643 8.4
Minneapolis 5.737.348 17.4
Detroit 5.648.445 24.6 ....
Cleveland 7.060.115 .'8.3
Louisville 8.759.551 33.0 ....
Providence 4.972.900 13.9 ......
Milwaukee 4.321.527 10.9 ....
St. Paul 3,104.400 22.9
Buffalo 3.720.169 4.6
Omaha 4.774.680 14.3
Indianapolis 3.767,*78 30.0
Columbus 0 3.072,600 7. a
Savannah 2.295,859 1..6
Denver 2.534.979 31. a
Hartford 1.818,094 .... 6.9
Richmond 2.500.031
Memphis S.tn.Mß 32.3 ....
Washington 1,651.021 11.4
Peoria 1.460.918 . 6.4
Rochester 1,344.222 15.7
New Haven 1.377.712 15.3
Worcester 1,173,589 9.6
Atlanta 1.340.312 13.8
Salt Lake City >.. 1.262.237 35.4
Springfield. Mass 1,268.775 27.7 ....
Fort Worth 1,816,196 7t.l
Portland. Me 1.288,509 22.9 ....
Portland, Or 1.668,490 102.8
St. Joseph 1,259.931 2.2
Los Angeles 1,359.185 76.4
Norfolk 818.584 .... 3.5
Syracuse 1,105,050 18.0 —
D~es Moines $67,472 30.8
Nashville L 05*, 37.5
Wilmington, Del 455.603 21.0
Fall River 552.442
Scranton 836.402 16.4
Grand Rapids. — -739.775 9.1
Augusta. Ga . 752. 6.0
Lowell 593.676 15. 4
Dayton. 0 635.851 30.1
Seattle 1.337.715 293.2
Taeoma 757.53S 115.0
Spokane 663 792 58.7
Sioux City 652.700 46.0
New Bedford 594.108 29.9 - ....
Knoxvllle, Term 493.767 27.0 ....
Topeka 490.583 48. 0
Birmingham 433,583 48.0
Wichita 436.311 17.0
Binghamton - 284.200 6.7
Lincoln 237.712 21.3
Lexington. Ky 378,561 69.5
Jacksonville, Fla 214..V2 10.3
Kalamazoo 210.807 1.9
Akron 239.100 8.1
Bay City 182,568 .... 1.0
Chattanooga 236.231 10.2 ....
Rockford. 11l 239.064 11.1
Canton, O 175,000 17.3
Springfield, 0 253,837 19.3
Fargo, N. D 245.015 202.4
Sioux Falls. S. D 104.775 225.0
Hastings, Neb 105.217 20.0
Fremont. Neb 94,154 62.0 ':....
Davenport 584.471 31.8
Toledo 1.357.354 20.4
Galvestnn 5. 501.000 9.1 ....
Houston 5.434.782 13.6
Youngstown 259. ....
Macon 556.000
Totals. U. B ... H,80T,874,1fifl 54.0
Totals outside N. V... 437.614.560 29.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J16.3fi1.261 84.2
Toronto ..*7. 740.388 31.2
Winnipeg 1.306.215 23.3
Halifax 1.034.731 28.7
Hamilton 692.441 5.3
St. John, N. B 498,421 13.8
Totals '.. $27,533,463 35.7
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— Rradstreet's to-mor
row will say: While business of a specula
tive nature has been quick to reflect the in
creasing strain In political affairs In .reduced
values and withdrawals of curtailments of ac
tivity in some lines, there Is little to Indicate
that the volume of distributive trade has been
reduced, and reports to Bradstreet's this week,
so far as the latter branch of business is con
cerned, are among the best received this year.
With few Important exceptions, the price situ
ation Is one of strength, while the enlarged
demand for coarse grains Is taken to reflect
the turning of . attention from high priced
cereals to those of a lower priced character.
I At the East last week's spurt in the dry
; good's trade at Boston does not seemed to have
, held, but at New York there is considerable
! more doing in the jobbing trade. The cotton
situation is one of firmness, reflecting a like
curtailment of production growing out of labor
i troubles and the firmness of raw • cotton In
! duced by good export demand. Wool is firm,
1 but the demand has perceptibly slackened, and
■ there Is less doing in manufactured goods. The
! best report as to the distribution trade made
: so far this year comes from the Central West.
; Spring trade there Is reported earlier than
i usual. . v, ,-.-;■
Kansas City, perhaps the most important
■ market for agricultural : Implements, in ■■ the
country, reports the demand exceeding all
; records. and pales limited only by the ' ability
ito deliver orders. The demand for Iron and
! steel at the West still continues large, and
] prices are firm. A feature or Chicago trade
i has been the placing of an order for 6000 ' tons
lof steel rails for a railroad In Alaska. Almost
I equally good reports rome from the . North
■ west, where trade is reported either fully
! equal- to or ahead of last year. The South
seems to have shared In the Improvement to a
notable extent.' The word Klondike accurately
! pictures the situation on the Pacific Coast.
1 All eyes appear to be fixed on the outfitting
I trade and- the transportation of men and sup
1 plies to the north. ' •..*■'-•
Exports .of wheat,' Including " flour. ' from this
country and , Canada during the past week,
(five days) aggregate 3 722.469 bushels, against
5. 932, 744 bushels last "week: 1.372. bushels a
: year ago: 2.206,773 In 1896: 2,269.038 In 1593, and j
I 2,972.250 in 1594. -• ■
Corn • exports •' amount to 3,692,799 bushels I
against 5,056.575 bushels last week: 4,744.485 In
this w»ek a year ago- 3.135,31S In 1896 and 847,-
I 000 bushels In 1895.
I A. very large drop In the number. of business
failures Is Indicated by reports to Bradstreet's
this week, the total number being only 18!
against 269 last week 258 in the corresponding
week of 1897. 271 In 189«, 234 In 1895 and 272
In 1894. ' ■..-., . ■ .-■■-. - ..' .v
- Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
this week number 45 against 38 last week: 50 In
- this week a year ago; 61 In 1896. and 44 in
! 1895. ' ■ ■■ . ; ■ ■. - .■ - V."V-- '^ ■V-T''-' ' - '-'•
,
I DTJjJ'S REVIEW OF - TRADE.
NEW YORK. . Feb. 25.— R. G- Dun '. & Co.'s
weekly Review of Trade will -say • to-morrow: ,
; Foreign possibilities have much affected ■ specu- |
lation and caused - hesitation >In * come targe j
business operation*,; possibly accounting In part
for a checl^tn the rapid advance of wheat, but
Industrial production % continues 'larger than j
, ever/ a - few .: more ": works being added to ' the
active list, with a decrease In the number of
hands on ; strike . and : renewed , evidence that
the volume of business Is larger than In Feb
ruary of any previous year. a- Nor Is there any
symptom of a senseless erase based lon I rising
prices. The legitimate > export and s domestic
demand ,;? preaiaa : oloew rto the capacity of
works, and though there is no flighty advance
in any : line, ana . in all narrowness of profit
in a matter of complaint; new business for this
dull season is unprecedented. : .. .......
v\ heat continued its progress upward * until
$1 06% was reached on Monday, but declined
3^c later, as if there were tears that Spain
would somehow stop British vessels from tak
ing wheat across the water.' Any yielding
based on foreign . possibilities deserves little
notice, but the price has advanced about 10c
since Chicago speculators last took occasion to
shake oil weak followers, and the opportunity
for reaction was inviting. There is no abating
i occ cVt" 1 ? 1 demand. .; Atlantic ■ exports were
1.965.514 bushels, flour Included, for the week,
against 1,326,444 last year, and Pacific exports
1.5j6.3i(>, against 136,464 last year, and in view
or current - excitement these figures are more
,^? aoro?a or o?, nt v. than the aggregate for four weeks,
10,49b,912 bushels, against 6.588.415 last year
i.°i m i>« 1 i antic exports, and 4,053,028, against
1,011,246 from Pacific ports. Corn exports for
the week were 14.5 per cent less than last year,
but the cash price declined but slightly. The
spot price of cotton was not affected.
. It is not the season for much Improvement
in textile manufacture, but the cotton branch
£on*£i ned by the closing of the strike in one
xJ^X Ri y. er ' m »l and by the addition of some
works at the South.
The woolen manufacturer meets many can
cellations -especially in goods sold early with
out definite price, but is doing more than ever
at tnis season, though new business in the
higher grades of worsteds and woolens Is not
particularly encouraging. Sales, of wool are
»£^,V V th * weakness in clothing, amounting to
™h™ ?>, d ? C " c . from the highest point, indi
cating that mills have 'at present abundant
stocks V but. , some are selling foreign wool In
%£,% , take , BU PP' les of other qualities. In
goods of medium and low grades the demand
continues large The silk manufacture shows
1"™* « Increase during the last six
months, having Imported raw material far In
excess of consumption in any previous year
ln l , a rate 12 ° per cent abo^ c th import* in
the last census year.
n^,,'X? n maunf acture has more demand for
products and slightly better prices for Bessemer
Pig. which has advanced to $10 40 at Pittsburg,
«ro h n/ ra , y ™. rge vn <*anged ? there, local coke
weakn*™ Ch £° in Splte of some Southern
weakness and '.Eastern • anthracite really un
*aa "™«* Quotations are a shade lower,
aH ""'shed products have changed in price and
all are strong in demand, excepting bar which
a combination has failed to advance ' Some
in? e nt *.■«?« reported, especially In car
ami the g de bU!Id H n f ShlP and ■t™s,«il wor"
and the demand for sheets is heavy. Minor
r,^ 9 w^g^re^'" W " toui * "^
T Failures / or the week have been 233 In the
,'■■.■-.■ " '■ — ♦- ■ ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 5ight........... _ $4 84U
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. _ a ie
Sterling Cables "' _ I « v
New York Exchange^ sight.... '.'.'.'.'. — 20
New York Exchange); telegraphic. — 22U
Fine Silver, per. ounce  _ 65 2
Mexican Dollars ; 4514 4 § •
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The Cloch takes for Cape Town
62.093 ctls, valued at $77,600.
Futures were off again, but spot prices
showed no change. There was not much activ
ity, though a fair trade was done on call
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 4IU
for No. 1. $1 42; » for choice- and $1 45@
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls
$140%; 22,000. $1 40%. December— 4ooo, $1 30% :
12.000, $1 31; 6000. $1 30%; 2000. $1 30%.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls $1 30U;
2000, $1 30; 2000. $1 29%: 6000, $1 29%. May—
$1 40; 8000, $1 35%. •
Regular Morning Session— 4000
ctls. $1 29%.
Afternoon Session— May— • ctls. $139%;
30,000, $1 39%. December— l6,ooo, $1 295.
BARLEY— There was another slump in
futures owing to the continued showers, and
the spot market was easy and dull, though
holders of spot feed refused to give conces
sions. Brewing for (shipment was quoted
weaker. *
Feed, $1 02<4@l 05 for dark to good and $1 07&
for choice: Brewing, $1 16491 11% for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls
9S%c; 20(A 98c; 2000. 97Vsc December— 2ooo. 88c.
Second Session- May— 4ooo ctls, 87c: 2000, %\c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
96% c; 2000, 970: 40"0. 97Vic; 4000, 97'. 2 c.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, 87c.
May— 2ooo, 97%e; 4000, 97V4c; 4000, 97c: 2000, 96* B e.
OATS— Continue dull and easy, though there
Is no decline.
Fancy feed. $1 22%@1 25 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 ITV.'SI 224; common, $1 12^@1 15:
Surprise, $1 25@1 30; red. $1 35<gl 45; gray, $1 15
@1 174; milling;. J120(@125: black, for seed.
$1 3501 in. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per. ton
over the raw product. -
CORN — There Is no demand of any conse
quence. Prices ?how no -further change.-
Small round yellow. $1 10!?? l 124 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05@l 074; white. $1 0561 07U.
RYE— nOs®l 074 per ctl.. ; '•-■. !
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI; none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 EE#I 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacKs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
do, $3; Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny. $3 10«3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25<ff5 6.",: In
sacks. $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas.
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay keeps up to the old prices,'though.sev
eral minor changes, both up and down, will be
seen. The market, however, is rather soft,
which is natural, considering the rain.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— SIBOI9 '■er ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 'per ton. •-,-
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24@25 , per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2«> 50023 50;
jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50<g>22 50: Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25 : Chopped . Feed.
$18S19.
if AY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $17@19
per ton: Wheat and Oat. $16<?ri8: Oat. $14 50®
18 50; Barley, $14@16: compressed. $16 50@18 50;
Alfalfa. $10 50@ll 50; stock. $11«12; Clover,
$11 &0@13; Nevada Timothy, $13 60@14 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The demand for white descriptions Is still
sharp and they are tending up In consequence.
Limas are also firm at • the recent . advance.
Colored are steady.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90<J?3 05: Small Whites.
$1 55*51 65; Large Whites, $1 55@1 65; Pinks,
$2 6093 75; Reds, $2<??2 25; Blackeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters, $1 40 @ 1 50; Llmas, *: 15<f2 25; Pea,
$1 BOOt f.5; Red Kidneys, $2 254?2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown M"»tard, $2 75 @3 per ctl:Yel
low Mustard $2<fi2 50: Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed,
IV4©J%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3<g6c; Rape, 2@2%c;
Hemp. 3c; Timothy, 5%c. •> ■
DRIED PEAS— NUeB. $1 40@l 6o; Green. $2©
205 per ctl. ■ .
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Receipts of over 8000 sacks of Potatoes from
Oregon broke prices again yesterday. There
was no "change in Onions and Vegetables
worthy of note.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@75c; River Reds,
45fff50c: River Burbanks. 60®60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 55c@$l; Salinas Burbanks,
90c5f$l 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 50<3>70c; Sweet
Potatoes, 25@80c per ctl for Rivers and 65c®$l
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes , per lb.
ONIONS— 50@2 60 per ctl; Oregons, $2 65®
2 85: cut onions. $2@2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 9c per lb: Ala
meda Green Peas, B<ff!>c per lb; Mushrooms,
15c; Marrowfat Squash, S2S&SO per ton
Dried Peppers, 6@70 per lb; Dried Okra. 15c:
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl ; Carrots. 25@60c per
sack; Garlic. 3@4%c per lb; Asparagus. 10®
25c per lb: Mexican Tomatoes, $1 50 per box.
Los Anpeles Green Peas. -; String Beans,
10c; Tomatoes,' $I@l 50: Green Peppers, 25S'30c
per lb; Summer Squash. : Egg Plant, 25c
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, Docigsl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated - raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, 'old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes,' 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c: ■ Tomatoes. 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are doing better again, but other
wise there -Is no change of | consequence In
Poultry. ' Game rules dull, and dealers are at
loss -to work off : the receipts. •
POULTRY— ' Turkeys, B<3>loe for Gob
blers and 9®loc for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
ll@'l4c per ll»: Geese per pair. $1 2£@l 50; Gos
i lings, $2 50®3; Ducks, $4@5 for old and $6 50®
I 7 50 for young; Hens. •• $3 50@4 50; Roosters,
young. $5 60@6 50; Roosters, old, $3 50@4; Fryers,
! $5 Broilers, $5®5 50 for large and $3 50®
4 60 for small; Pigeons. $2<g2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— • per. dozen, $1(S1 25: Mallard.
12 50@3 50; Canvasback. $2 60@4oO; Sprig, $1 25®
$1 50; Teal, -: $1@1 25; Widgeon. 75r#$l : Small
Ducks, 50@75c; Gray Geese.' sl 6002: White, 50c;
Brant. 75c@$l: Honkers,- $3; English. Snipe.
$2; Jack Snipe. $1: Hare, 75c@*l: Rabbits, $1®
1 25 for Cottontails ; and ; $1 : for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGOS.
I Dairy Butter is very weak \ and some dealers
are shading the quotations." Creamery de
scriptions show no further decline. Cheese
rules as before.
I Receipts of Eggs are excessive and ' they are
weak. ' ' '»'"'•:■,■. ■ ''...-.
| BUTTER— ' ." - , -
' Creamery— Fancy creameries, 23@24c; seconds,
21«22c. - ■■■-■•' ■
■ ' Dairy — Choice to fancy. 20<@>21c; ■• second
I grades. lS@l9c per lb. - - ■*
Eastern Butter — Creamery; 19ti21e; • ladle
! packed, 15@17V*c per It). '« . v ... •.
CHEESE— Choice , mild new, 10c: common to
good, ■ B@9Hc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, 10@llc; Western, • ll®12c ; EaaUrn. 12%
OUHc per lb. ■■■■ .y -".-^ -:l: l -M- .-" ■■ .••..
, EGGS— Ranch Errs, UM®Uo par dozen; Btora
Egg*, lieuvtc
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. .
Stocks of Oranges are • not as large as they
have been and the market is steadier In con
sequence. I Mexican Limes ; are still scarce.
. Apples { are quiet and only fancy : stock will
bring the top quotations, j
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-^ i « ■fi'^XM
Apples. 40@50c per . box for common, 65@$1
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES— S7@B per bbl.
CITRUS FKUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 250
2 50; Seedlings, 75c<351.50; Mandarins. $l<gl 50 for
large and 50@75c for small boxes; Grape Fruit,
60cy~$2 60 per box;. Lemons, .iU'u7sr lor com
mon andsl@2for pood to choice; Mexican
Limes, $6; California Limes, in small boxes,
60<@80c; Bananas. $126@2 25.per bunch; Pine
apples, $3©* per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Peaches are weak and lower. Apples and
small Prunes - are firm. The other kinds are
unchanged.'
Raisins are neglected and lower.
Honey is hard to move. '
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 4\i@
4%c for 40-50' s, 3%@4}4c for 50-60' s, 3^@3%c
for SO-70's. 2%@>3%c for 70-80' s. 2H@2?4c for 80
90's, 1%,(!12Vic for 90-100's; • Peaches, 2',i<r?4e; '
fancy, 4Wasc; peeled, 10@12V4c: Apricots. 5<56c;
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to .ancy Moor- ;
90's, l&tfZVic for ati-100'b. Peaches, Zttihic- !
fancy. .5@5%c; peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. Mi 6c >
for Royals and 7@Sc for good to . fancy Moor- I
parks; Evaporated Apples, . 6-Ti@7!4c ; sun-dried i
\'n T,c; black Figs, in sacks, 2sy)2Uc; Plums. !
4%@4»4c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted;
bleached Plums. EO6He; Nectarines, 4@.=>c for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2V»<S4Uc for quarters
and 3i&s^c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I^@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Hc for four-crown. 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2«ie -for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2'^.c.
— Chestnuts are ' quotable at 8c" per '
rt>; Walnuts, 6@6c for hardshell and 6©7 c for
softßhell; Almonds, 2«4@3^c.for hardshell, s®6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4(ssVic for Eastern and 4»4c for California;
Pecans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, B<6®loc; Brazil Nuts, i
B®9c per tb; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb, B@loc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed, 4M>@6c; light amber extracted, 3%@4«4c
per It). • ■ - -S'
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per Tb.
PROVISIONS.
Lard Is marked up %c. No other changes,
but Bacon and Hams are very firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per Ib for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10Hc for light,
lie for extra light and* 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10^<a>llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do. $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra Hear, $1S;
mess. $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per ID.
LARD— tierces quoted at 5Hc per lb
for compound and 7c for pure: palls, 7%c;
California tierces, 6V4c per tb for compound
and 6V4c for pure: half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb j
tins, 7"-c; do 5-lb, Be. ■
COTTOLENE— Tierces, . 6%t@.6*ic; packages,
less than SfO — 1-tD palls. 60 in a case. B%c;
3-rb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-m, pails, 12 in a !
case, BHc; 10- palls, 6in a case, BHc; 50- ID
tins, one or two In a case, ~%c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs ne , 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, ~%c;
half-bbls. about 110 rbs. 7^c per ID.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sour. 1 stock. Heavy salted stairs, j
10%@llc; medium, 9V4c; light, 9@9i*c; Cowhides, |
9ff9Vic; stags. 6@6%c: salted Kip, 10c; caif, I
lie; dry Hides, 17®17^c; culls and brands. lift
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; dry Calf. 18*^
20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@37%c each; i
Kids, B©10c; Deerskins, good summer. 25@300
per Ib; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, j
shearlings. 20<&'30c each; short wool, 40@70c
each; medium. 70<gSOc: long wools, 90c@tl 30
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3®3V4c per tb; No.
2, 2@2%c; refined. 5c.; Grease, 2®2^c.
WOOL— . clip— Middle counties— free, 10®
13c; do defective, 10<311c: San Joaqutn, defect
ive, 7<f?9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free I
Northern, 12@13c; do defective, 9@llc; Hum- I
boldt and Mendocino, 13«ai5c; Eastern Oregon
9@l3c; Valley Oregon, 16*5 18 c.
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and 8&
10c for good; new crop. ll@l4V4c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 : delivery,
s«4<frs?ic; Wool Bags. 27@30c; San Quentin,ss 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton: New Wel
lington, $10; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 75; Wallsend, $9; Scotch, $10: Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton:
Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. . : ".->
. RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 20@4 25 per cM :
tfo. 1. $4 50@4 80; extra No. 1, ' $5<?5 20: Ha- I
waiian $4 75; Japan, $4 90@5; Rangoon, $4®
4 25. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushen
and Fine Crushed. -6%c; Powdered, 6%c: Dry.
Granulated. 594 c: Confectioners' ■A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A. 6%c: Extra C, .'SUc: Golden C. 5%c:
Candy Granulated. 6%c; California A,. 6V»c. per
lb; half barrels »4c more than " barrels, * and
boxes %c more. ._ -. , ■*>.■■.-}■• : : -;/
■ SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. •
Hogs are extremely firm and tending up
ward. Spring Lamb Is quoted lower, but ar
rivals are limited, j Beef and Mutton are firm.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4@7c; second do, h\t.@
6c; third do, 4@6c per Ib:
VEAL— Large, 6@6V>c; small, 7©7V4c per ID.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&@Bc; Ewes, 7@7Vic
per fb.
LAMB— Spring. 12^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4^c for large. 4U«?4i/4c '
for small and 4%c for medium; stock Hogs, i
3@3Hc; dressed Hogs, . 6@7c . per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
"For Friday, February 25.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,190 Middlings, ska .. 191
Wheat; ctls .'.... 47.619 Shorts, sks 25
Barley, ctls 1,275 Alfalfa seed, sks 135
Corn, ctls 1,440 Hay, tons 85
Rye. ctls 335 Pelts, bdls 90
Cheese, ctls 57 Hides, no 228
Butter, ctls ..... 220 Eggs, doz 15,120
Tall ctls 65 Leather, rolls .. 134
Beans, sks 411 Lumber, ft 10,000
Potatoes, sks .. 4,134 Wine," gals 33.500
Onions, sks 218 \ Paper, reams ... 500
Bran, sks ....... 215 Lime, bbls 162
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 27.706 Potatoes, sks ... 8,736
Wheat, ctls . 1.475 Onions, sks 613
Oats, ctls 250
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ' 4001.... •
— .
; FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs show no change from last
week. •?>;'i'i-
Poultry and Game, are in good ' supply at
about last week's prices.
Fruits and Vegetables sell at former quota
tions as a rule.. ■ :Y : . ; -
Meats are 'getting higher at wholesale, but
retail prices have not yet been affected.
s Fish 'Is scarcer and • dearer, " owing :to the
storm.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel ......J— @U 00 Castle Gate. 9 50@10 00
Wellington . @12 00 Pleasant Val 9 50@10 00
New Welling- Southfield
ton ... - «?12 00 Wellington — ®12 00
Seattle 8 50® : Coos 8ay.... <§ 775
Dairy Produce, etc.— .
Butter, fancy, per • ; Common Eggs..l2H@ls
'square ...50@— (Ranch Eggs, per '
Do, per roll — ©45 doz 15@20'
Do, good 40<S>— Honey, comb, per .
Cheese. Cal 1201& lb ..12®13
Cheese. Eastern. .l3@2o ' Do, extracted... 8@ 10
Cheese, Swiss..... 20@30 I
- Meats, per pound— ■
Bacon ....12f 171 Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice. ;..... 12©- 15 Pork, salt... 10@12
Do. g00d......... 8@10!Pork Chops. 12015
Corned 8eef....:".. B@— Round Steak .... S<g>lo
Ham. Cal.. m4®ls Sirloin Steak. ...l 2%©—
Do, Eastern —01S Porterhorse, do. 175. 20
Lard :.. 12ig 15 I Smoked Beef. — ®15
Mutton —£10 Pork Sausages .. .—©2o
Spring* Lamb..... 20£25 1 Veal .....,,..12@15
Fruits and Nuts— '
Almonds, 1b. ...... 12^15 ' Limes, d0z........— ©is
Apples, 1b..... Z(q; 5 Oranges, do*- ... ISWSO
Bananas, doz 151i20 Raisins. 1b.......8@12Vs
Cranberries 12>^<5— ! Walnuts, 1b.......15®—
Lemons. doz ..20<525 • >
Poultry and Game — -
Hens, each 50® 65 ' Hare, each <qt .20
.Young- Roost- : Quail, doz ....1 50@- —
era, each.... 65@ ;75 Mallard, pr.... 60(5 75
Old ' Roosters, - ■'•'-. Canvasb'k, pr. , 60@l 00.
each ......... 60<£ 60 1 Sprig, pr 40®-
Fryers, each.. 60® 60 Teal, pr . ..... . 40<g>- —
Broilers, each. 3S4$ 40 Widgeon, pr.. - 40ig!
Turkeys, pr Tb I'i^ 16 Small Duck, pr . SO^ 35
Ducks, each... 60^ 85 Wild Geese, pr . 40@ .50 I
Geese, each.... 1 2501 75 (English Snipe, . ■
Pigeons. - pair. 250 50 ; *doz .2 80<3>3 00 i
Rabbits, pair. & 40 i Jack Snipe, dz.l 25@1 SO !
Vegetables- ,; - . . ...
Asparagus." 1T).. ."..20^40 1 Mushrooms, — 15525
Artich'ks. dz....'..65@75 Dried Okra, lb —£20
Beets; dos. ....12@15 Onions, lb ....... 4@ 6
Beans, white, lb. 4@ 5 Peppers, dried... :loia>l2
« Colored, 1b...... .'4® 5 ! Do green, rb.....40(5!50
-Lima, 1b.........,55P 6 | Potatoes, 1b....... 2® 3
Cabbage, • each s@lo | Parsnips, ,d0z.....10@20 i
Cauliflowers, each 5® 10 ; Do. Sweet....... — @3 i
Celery.' bunch 6@— Radishes, dz bchs.lO<sl2
Cress, doz bchs...2o@:s Sage, 1b. ......... .25035
Cucumbers, dzl 00®l 50 String Beans, | lb..2o@23 '
Green Peas, rb.... B®l2 ' Thyme, lb.. 20'^r.O j
Lentils, lb .'..". 64? S [Turnips, d0z..... .15<i?!0 ■
Lettuce, doz ..15®>25 > Tomatoes, 1b..;...10@15
1 Fish, : per pound— .' .
Barracuda ....... 12@15 Shad ....10®—
Carp .............. 5@ 8 Sea Bass .......... — <2> —
Codfish ............. S'g'lO i Smelts ,'...:.. :.....15®—
s Flounders v \. 60 8 ! Soles :..... .........10@12
Herring.' ..' 6& 6 Pkates. each...... Sigio
Halibut ..........— «TIS Sturgeon ..........12/av
■Klngflsh ....;.....' @10 Tomcod ........... 15®20
i Mackerel; :: ..Abii — j Clams, '. ga1.:....'.. — ®50
Do. H0r5e.......— &— Do. hardshell, 'loo.6o©—
Perch ;.:.,.. .......10012 Crabs,? each.......1J®15
Pompano .......160®— Do, > softshell. dz.25f?35
Rnckflsh 12®13 Mussels, qt........10®12
: Salmon, smoked.. 2o#— Oysters. ' Cal, . 100.40®—
•Salmon, fresh.... 15 220 Do, Eastern, d0r. 25^40
Btrtmp*-.. -,...... SOlOi -■*'- ••'■-.I'TW.'-.-y-^'-^.-.-s'i
THE CALL. C-'-LENDAK.
February. 1898.
Mo
iTu.
1
i We
Fr.
| I
.11
Moon's
« T
"IT U
I 20 ; 21
2T i 28
I 2
i . »
16
23
hi
17
12
18
I*? Last Quarter
|^ L __FebJU : __
1 T~- New Moon,
{£} Feb. 20-
PebS.
15
IT
H
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosraphlo
Office, located in the Merchants Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the ben, of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. cordially invited^to visit th.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the* world are kept .on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to. navigation and all matter*
of interest to o. <an commerce. _ .
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and Is dropped at. noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal. ■■ . „ ___
A notice stating whether the time , ball was
dropped on time or giving, the error. if any. „
published the same day by the Ji ft ? r "°°
papers, and by the morning papers the ioi low
ing day. ' W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sur^sT-
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of tn»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur a
the city front (Mission-street wharf) afjouc
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY- 18'JS.
Saturday. February 26.
Sun rises •'•.?
Sun setn ...8:01
Moon sets Morning
IH W 1
Time I
Feet
!L. W
7
■I
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tn<»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tidfs. a* sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number pivrn Is subtractive from
tv>o rl*,ith given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
PTF.AMER.
Willamette... |Seattle
Walla Wa11a.... ! Victoria and Puget Sna...
Santa RoHa. ... i Pan Dleiro
Mickinaw Tacom.i
President. I Yaqmna Bay
Rmplre | Coos Bay
Wellington...!. Departure Bay
Cooh Bay . ... Newport
State or Cai Portland ,
Weeoti Humboldt
Propreso Seattle
Homer i Newport
Doric I China and Japan
Acanu leo Panama
Pet'T Jebsen... Nanaimo
Pomona San Die?o
Orizaba Mexico
Umatllla Victoria & Pueet Sna
Arena Coos Bay
North Font j tlumDoiat
Coiumoia I Portland
2*
N
M
21
27
2;
28
H
a
i
1
1
i
3
I
3
3
I
i
i
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination 1 !
Sails.
Samoa Humboldt ...
Crescent C : Grays Harbor
Columoia.. ' Portland
Arcaw Coos Bay
North Fork! Humboldt
Santa Rosa Dieero
Newport... ' Panama
President.. Yaauina Bay.
Tillamook. Alaska
Valencia... Alaska.
Dirigo Alaska
Coon Bay.. , port.
State of Cal | Portland
Walla WHa j Vie * P Sound
Weeott Humbldt Bay.
City Peking . Chinad:Japan
Homer..'..- j Hum bo Id i — :
Pomona... San Dlejro I
Feb 2«, — am
Feb 2'i. 12 M
Feb 26. 10 Aid I
Feb 26. 10 AM \
Feb 'i',, 9am
Feb 28, 11 AM
Fob 23,12 M
Feb 28. 1 pm
Mar 1, 5 pm
Mar 1, 2pm
Mar 1. i PM
Mar 2. 9am
Mar 2. 10 am
| Mar 2. 10 AM
! Mar 2.10:30 am
Mar 3, 1 PM
Mar 8. 10 am
[Mar 4. 11 AM
Pier 34
Pier 13
Pier I
Pier 11
PM S3
Pier S
>'ier"»
Pier'il
Pier 24
Pier 9
Pier IS
PM S3
Pier »
I Pier 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogxaphic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
"hant< Kxch«nge, San Francisco, February
23, 1808.
The time ball on Telegraph HIU •was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — I. c., at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N-. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 88.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson, 36 hours from Eareka,
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 106 hours from
Tacoma.
j Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 40 hours from Fort
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 10 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Geo Loom Is, Bridgett, 30V4 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 76 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 16 days from
Honolulu.
Schr H C Wright. Olsen, 19 days from Ka/«
hului.
Schr Allen A, Schagge. 19 days from Ka«
hului.
CLEARED.
Friday. February 25.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; Oregon
Railway and Navigation 00.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. Eureka; Goodall. Perk
ins <S- Co.
Str. ■ Maripnsa. Hayward. Honolulu and
Sydney: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
'Stmr Bnnlta, Nicolson. San Pedro; Goodall..
Perkins & Co.
Bark Seminole. Taylor. Seattle: C Taylor.
Schr Golden Shore. Jorgenson, Kenal; 014
Dominion Ex Mr Co.
SAILED.
Friday, February 25.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria and
Puget Sound.
Stmr Mariposa, Hayward. Honolulu ana
Sydney.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
r.r ship Royal Forth. Cooper. Queenstown,
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodeea.
Schr La Chilena. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Gem. Olsen. Tlllamook.
Schr Esther Buhne. Anderson, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb. 25.— 10 p. m.— Weathetv
cloudy; wind, S; velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The S G Wilder loads mdse for Honolulu;
Iredale. wheat for Cape Town: Philip Nelson,
mdse. for Hamburg: Speke, wheat, for Eu
rope, 255: Marguerite Molinos, wheat and bar»
ley for Europe. 28s 9d— prior to arrival.
The Lydgate loads lumber at Portland for
Taku. lump sum; Henry Villard, sugar at
Honolulu for New York.
SPOKEN.
Feb 9— Lat a N, long 29 W. Br ship Pinmor*,
hence Oct 27, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 25— Repairs to the stmr City
of Columbia at Valparaiso, from New York,
for Pan Francisco, will cost £3800, and will
take 25 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Teb 25— Stmr OH
quille River, hence Feb 24.
Sailed Feb 25— Schr Ida Schnauer, for San
SEATTLE— A«t»*d Feb 25— Ger ship D
Watien. from Hlogo; stmr Noyo, from Dyea.
Sailed Feb 2".— Schr James A Garfleld, fon
Dyea: ujk Columbia, for .
t'LALLAM— SaiIed Feb HS-SehT Meteor, fmi
Port Ludlow, for San Pedro.
In bay— Stmr Rival, from Seattle, for Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Sparrow,
hence Fob 20; schr Seven Sisters, hence Fetx
20
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 25— Schr Peerless, fo»
Santa Barbara.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 25— Schr:
Newark, hence Feh 24.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 24— Stm Cottage Citjv
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 24— 8kt1%
Northwest, for Olympia.
ALBlON— Sailed Feb 24— Pchr Nettie Sund-.
borg and stmr Cleone, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Mag«»
gle C Russ, hence Feb 12.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Alcaxar. fa»
Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Eliza Mllle*
hence Feb 23. and not schr Seven Sisters.
I COQT'ILLE RlVEß— Sailed Feb 2f>— Stm Jen
nie, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 25— Schr Lottla
Carson, for Eureka.
j COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Alcatraa.
hence Feb 23: schr Gotoma, hence Feb 20-: ?chr
! Western Home, hence Feb Zl; schr Jennltt
Thelln. hence Feb 22.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 25— Schr
Mildred, hence Feb 9.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Progreso. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Orlzaha^
for San Francisco. "^
LlZAßD— Passed Feb 25— Br ship Talus, hno
Oct 6, for Que^nstown.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 24— and not as pre
viously reported at Dunkirk, the Br ship Co
rnnna, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 25— Br ship
Ttavancore. hence Oct 11.
QTTEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb *-Br shin
Afon Law, hence Sept 16.diva, from Portland. Or; Br ship Inchcape
Rock, hence Nov 4.
COLON— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Alllanca. for
New York.
FALMOITH— SaiIed Feb 24— Br ship Klr
cudbrlghtshire, for Ixtndon.
QT'EEXSTOWX— Arrived Feb 24— Br ship
Marechal Suchet, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 21— Br stm Brae
mar, from Tacoma.
Sailed Feb 23— Br stmr Argyll, for Oregon.
ROCHES POIXT-Passed Fpb 24-Br ship
Centesima, hence Sept 7. for Liverpool.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 25— Schr Joseph
Russ, for San Francisco. „ _ .
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed Feb 25— Schr
Vega, for San Francisco. _ • _,
CLALLAM BAY-In port Feb 2;V-Schr Me
teor, from Port Ludlow, for Pan Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 2.".— Haw .«tmr San
Mateo, from Comox. for Port Los Angeles.
COMOX— Palled Feb 22— Ur stmr Wellington,
for San Franciso.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Changes in mining stocks yesterday were
generally in the direction of higher prices, as
will he seen.
The Overman assessment falls delinquent in
board to-day.
On the Bond Exchange prices were generally
easy, with lower figures for Contra Costa
Water.
The Ruth Minlne Company of British Co
lumbia paid a dividend amounting to $75,000
on Februai'
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week February 19 the usual
prospecting work wat done on the 150. 265, 31S
and 470-foot levels in the Moyle, Black, Main,
Standard and other ledges. The ore which
was being followed at most points was of
poorer grade. The usual quantity of ore was
extracted from the stopes in the Moyle, Secur
ltv Bullion, Black, Incline. Maguire and Fof
tuna reins, on the 150, 100. 265. 31S, 336, 3SO. 455
-and 581-foot levels. The stopes look fairly
well.
Standard Mill Statement— Ore crushed for the
week, DO tons: average assay vanner tailings,
$S 32; concentrates produced, 3 tons; assay
value, $121 18; plate amalgam produced, 935 1 *
ounces; value per ounce, $2 06.
The M i-ning Star mine in Placer County
paid a dividend of $14,400 this month, and the
Pennsylvania mine of Nevada County paitl one
of 8575.
The Portland mine of Colorado paid $36^,0i-»i
in dividends in 1597, and had a cash balance
of $3(16,957 on January- 1. 1898.
New Idria Quicksilver Mining Company will
pay a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents
and an extra of 5 cents on March 1.
Xapa Consolidated Quicksilver Mining Com
pany will pay a regular quarterly dividend of
10 cents and an extra of 10 cents on April 1.
The Etna Qulcksjlver Mining Company pays
a regular dividend of 10 cents on March 10.
The Vallejo Quicksilver Mining Company of
Napa County has levlod an assessment of 1
cent, delinquent March 4.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
■ FRIDAY, Feb. 25—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
. U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50*4 524
4s quar c0up. .113*4 — Pac Gas Imp.. 90% 91*4
4s quar reg..112% — Pac LCo .... 544 554
4s quar new... — SF G & E.... 91*4 91%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3*4 —
Cal-st Cab 115% — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 1264 — Insurance—
C C Wat 65. .102 103 FirenVa Fnd...195 " — r !
Dup-st ex c. — 9S*4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128 — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
P&Ch Ry 65. 119 — Bank of Ca1... 245 —
Geary-st R as. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 99
HC & S 54.. 105 — First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. .132% —
Do gntd 65. .100 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. 126*41 28*4 !Nev Nat 8... 152*4 —
Do Ist M 55.115*4U6*4 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Ngßy 78.101*4103*4 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .111*4113 Mutual Say. 35 40
>.' Ry Cal 55. .102 — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 1044 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 100*4 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co 925 1050
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55.. — 112 California 107*4 —
Cm Ry 6s 129%— Geary ..40 —
P & O 6s 110 115 Market-st ..... 53% 54
P&Ch Ry 65.1054 — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-st 65...119% — Presidio — 10
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 California 105 —
SF& N P 55. 106 106*4 E Dynamite .. — 90
B P of Ar 65.."10S 103*; Giant Con Co. 42% 43
S P Cal 65.... 110 — Vigorit 3% Z%
RPC Is eg 55.. — 99*4 Miscellaneous— «
S P Br 65.. 112 112*4 Al Pao Assn. 97 97*4
8 V Wat 65... 120 121 Ger Ld Wks.,loo 150
8 V Wat t0.. .103 1034 Haw PI C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 103% H C & S Co.. 30 304
Water Hutch S P Co. 42% 424
Contra Costa.. 62*4 65 Mer Ex Assn. SO —
Marin Co .... 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7*4
Spring Val ..101*4101*4 Oceanic S Co. 58 584
' Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.. 14 — "
Cent Gaslight. 93*4— Pac Bor C 0... 954100
MEL. C 0...... 14 14*4 I Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNING SESSION.
5 Contra Costa Water 65 00
5 do do 64 50
15 Giant Powder Con 42 25
85 do do 42 60
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 29 75
. 15 ITutchlnson^S P Co ....... „" 42 12*4
60 do do 42 25
13 do do 43 37*4
13". Market-street Railway 54 00
$1000 P C R R as Bonds 100 50
$4000 Oakland Gas Bonds. 2ds 11100
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 50
33 Pacific Gas Imp.. 9100
40 Pacific Lighting* 55 00
, 7 S F Gas & Electric Co 91 00
A 20 do do 9125
m 15 Spring Valley "Water 10112*4
AFTERNOON SESSION.
$5000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 102 00
25 Giant Powder Con ♦ 42 50
23 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 00
25 do do s 2 30 25
50 do do 30 25
73 Hutchinson S P Co 42 374
123 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 50
in Pacific Gas Imp : 91 00
75 "S F Gas Electric Co 91 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101124
5 do do 101 25
20 Vigor-it Powder 3 874
• Street—
.20 Fireman's Fund Ins 197 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
.100 Hawaiian C & S Co 30 124
130 Hutchinson S P Co 42 25
25 Contra Costa Water 64 75
15 . do do- 64 874
10 do do 65 00
10 °do do 65 124
■20 S F Gas & Electric 9100
Afternoon Session— l:3o. ■
3a Market-street 54 00
$10,000 Market-street 5s 116 12*4
50 Giant Powder 43 00
10 Spring Valley Water 101124
Street—
20 Giant Powder °. 42 374
10 do do 42 50
° 30 Spring Valley Water 10137*4
50 Contra Costa Water 64 60
10 S F Gas & Electric 91 25
• 20 do do .." 91 37*4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:3o.
200 Alta ..'.I 16 lpOOphlr ........... 47
100 Best & Belcher. 3* i 20 .....45
400 Caledonia 31 600 Overman CO
200 Challenge 25 1 100 Savage 25
lOOCMwn Point ... 12 j 100 Sierra Nevada.. 1 00
•100..; 13 ! 200 Syndicate 02
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 100 Union Con .-, 36
100 18 40 35
100 Justice .-. 32 50 Yellow Jacket.. 2.1
200 N G & C........ 141
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 16 200 Hale & Norcrs.l 50
150 Belcher 25 1 900 Justice 32
100 Best & Belcher. 39 ; 100 Mexican :.. 33
100 Caledonia .. 33 j 300 Overman 06
100 Chollar 3S ! 500 Occidental 165
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 , 200 Sierra Nevada.. l 05
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session— lo:3o.
TOO Alta. ............. 16 200Opnir 47
300 Andes ' 11300 • 49
300 Bent & Belcher. 38 400 Overman ."...... 06
400 Caledonia 32 300 P-otOßi :. 18
200 Chollar 36 100 Savage 27
300 Con Cal & Va.. 89 300 S B & M 04
200 90 3"0 Sierra Nevada.. los
250 Crown Point ... 13 1600 1074
Gould & Curry.. lit 200 ...;.. ............110
600 .-..- 20 200 Union Con ...... 37
150 Hale & Norcrs.l 55 200 ..:......... 38
300 Mexican 31 i 150 Yellow Jacket.. 23
300 \ 831
■ • Afternoon Session.
IV) Alta ...16 100....:. .37
500 ".. 17 i 500 Kentucky 03
150 Best & Belcher. 3 1 400 Mexican ........ 34
SOOChol'ar 37 ' 100 Occidental 160
2000 Con Imperial:.. 01 1 300 Potottt 19
500 Crown Point ... 13 400 Savage 26
400 U ra & Curry.. 19 400 27
150 Hale & Norcrs.l 60:500 S B & M....... 03
130.... 1 574 i 900 Sierra Nev ..1 07*4
200 Justice 35 ; 200 Union Con 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ■_
FRIDAY. Feb. 25—4 p. - m.
Alpha..'. 02 03 Julia .....". 01 02
Alta 18 17 Justice ...:..... 35 36
Andes 10 12 Kentuck ....... 02 03
Belcher 25 27 Lady Wash ... — 03
Best & Belcher 39 40 ' Mexican ....... 32 34
Benton ......... ~ — 18 i Occidental — 155 —
8u11i0n'........ 06 "07 Ophir .......... 49 BO
Caledonia 32 33 Overman ......: 06 07
Chollar ....37 38 i Potos! .18 20
Con Cal & Va. 88 90 ' Savage ..:. ....•.: 26 . 27
Challenge ..... 23 30|Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imp ....;.. — 02 j Scorpion ....;.. 05 ■ —
Confidence .... 68 — Sierra Nevada. 100 1 10,
•Crown Point... 13 14 1 Silver Hill .... 03 04
Con New York. 01 02 'Syndicate .. 02 —
Eureka ........ — 25 Standard .....'.160 170
Exchequer ..... 02 03 1 Union Con .... 36 37
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah -....:.....; 09 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 53 160 IYellow1 Yellow Jacket.. 25 26
Visiting Woodmen.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— A large delegation
from Golden Gate Camp No. 64 and Red
wood Camp No. 94 of San Francisco will
pay a frafernal visit to Oakland Camp,
"Woodmen of the World, of this city.
The amplified Protection degree will
De conferred upon a number of oandl
*»*t«s. a banquet and social will follow.
HOPE NOW
PLACED IN
THE MAYOR
Declares He Will
Veto the Infamous
Water Rates.
Demand That He Revoke
the Appointment of
Woodward.
Oakland Realizes That There
Are Others Equally
Guilty.
THE FIFTH IS INDIGNANT.
Its Member Does Not Like to Be
Chased, but Says He Does Not
Know Fear.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 25.
Oakland Is resting to-day on the
water question, after the excitement of
last night, and is calmly considering
what can be done to prevent the out
rageous steal contemplated by a ma
jority of the City Council in the inter
ests of the allied water companies.
It is conceded on all hands that the
key to the situation Is in the hands of
Councilman Woodward, and every
means will be taken to try to prevent
his voting when the measure comes up
for final passage against the interests
of his constituents.
Several plans are being laid to bring
about this much desired object. It is
suggested that Mayor Thomas, having
made his appointment, can legally re
voke it. This argument is strength
ened by the fact that in the matter of
Police Judges Mayor Thomas has al
ready made and revoked two appoint
ments, and It is presumed he can do
the same with a Councilman.
There is at least a legal doubt re
garding the power of the Mayor in this
matter, but it is clearly the duty of the
Mayor to revoke the pernicious ap
pointment and let its legality be tested
by any one who dares to do so. If his
letter to Woodward yesterday be sin
cere, then it would be but a fitting ef
fort on his part to file a revocation, in
which event Woodward would, unless
too far gone, be forced to resign.
It was suggested to Mr. Woodward ;
to-day that a large petition from the !
representative people of the Fifth
Ward might be presented to him, de- j
manding that, having outraged them, ;
he at once resign. He was asked what
he would do under the circumstances.
He replied:
"I have gone through a great
deal. I cannot say It is pleasant
to be chased by a mob. But I
am a soldier, and fear is the last
element In my composition. I
have been crucified, burned up,
cremated, and it is unfair. I am
not alone in this matter, and am
not the only one that should be
made to suffer. I cannot antici
pate a petition from my con
stituency. But I should be very
careful what I did at this time,
when the feelings of the people
are wrought up by the actions
of those Councilmen who last
evening egged on the lobby. It
is time enough to cross the
bridge when I come to it."
When the ordinance comes up some
time next week for final passage there
is just a possibility that the point may
be raised that not having been passed
in the month of February it is illegal.
Ex-Mayor Chapman said to-day that
he does not think this point will hold
good, for the law says that the rate
must be fixed in February and this
has und' übtedly been done in the pres
ent instance.
The rate-payers have a final hope in
Mayor Thomas. There has been more
than a suspicion that the resignation
of Fibush, the appointment, the com
piling of the Henneberry resolution,
and the defense of Woodward, of which
he knev nothing till after it was print
ed, are *A part of the same job and
emanate from the same source. If
this be not so. Mayor Thomas has a
chance to dispel any doubt by vetoing
the ordinance after its final passage.
To-day the matter was placed before
Mayor Thomas, and he says that when
the ordinance come before him. he will
wind it up in short order, saying that
his veto would kill the measure, as
there are not enough votes to pass it
over his disapproval. There is, how
ever, some little doubt as to whether
the charter provision requiring the
Mayor to take action on each ordinance
is not superseded by the Snite consti
tution making it compulsory on City
Councils to fix the water rate and
which makes no mention of the ap
proval of the Mayor. However, it is
believed that if Mayor Thomas vetoes
the measure it will be a hard Job to
overcome such action in the courts.
There is somewhat of a decrease to
day in the volume of indignation being
hurled at Councilman Woodward. It
is recalled that there are others. It is
well known that for some time past
poor Woodward has been on the verge
of starvation. Not long ago he passed
through insolvency. Since then he has
had a harder row to hoe than ever be
fore. He executed a mortgage on his
house furniture and a few months ago
it was sold to satisfy the judgment. A
year ago he placed his library and some
of his personal effects \»ith a money
lender as security for a loan. He has
done practically no business for a long
time, and from being a man compara
tively well fixed he has come down to
the lowest of financial straits. Before
this man the bait of office, with its al
lurements, whatever they may be, was
dangled. People who knew his situ
ation played upon his poverty, for it
can hardly be called cupidity with a
man who hasn't a cent, and he fell. It
is not surprising that he did so, and to
day there is a feeling that the indig
nation should be directed as much
against the tempters as the tempted.
Where Woodward made his mistake
was in talking too much. Had he pre
served the silence of Councilmen Earl
or Watkinson his vote would simply
have been one of six, without any par
ticular distinction. As It was, as soon
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND TURNS TO HER MAYOR.
as he was appointed "Woodward pro
claimed through the press that he was
"holier than thou." He was going to
do what was right, and altogether
created a very favorable impression.
No one now believes that he did not
know the purpose for which he was ap
pointed, and having placed himself on
a very high pinnacle his fall has been
tremendous.
He is not, however, any more de
serving of censure than Councilman
Brosnahan. Brosnahan is truly as
Mr. Cuvellier said last night, the
Brutus in the tragedy. It is not
reasonable to expect the public to
believe that his vote, which of itself
gives to the water companies at least
$100,000, was recorded solely from
pique because he could not pass his
liquor license ordinance. Mr. Bros
nahan is far too shrewd a politician
to have the impression go before the
people that he voted to rob them of
a huge fortune simply to gratify
personal spite on five members of
the City Council. The subterfuge is
too transparent and is regarded as
part of the same plot that put Fi
bush out and put Woodward in.
There is increasing indignation in the
Fifth Ward. It is customary when a
district loses its member from any
cause to listen to the representations
of leading party men in the ward and
to be guided at least partly by their
suggestions. In this case Mayor
Thomas showed no courtesy whatever
to the Fifth Ward, but with remark
able haste forced a man upon them
who could not now get a petition with
ten names to support him. There was
no necessity for Mayor Thomas' hasti
ness. Fibush resigned Thursday night;
there was no measure of importance
needing the vote of the full Council till
last night, when the water ordinance
came up. Yet Mr. Woodward was ap
pointed last Friday, and it is unlucky
for Mayor Thomas that it should hap
pen that Woodward was ready and on
hand to record his infamous vote for
the Henneberry resolution introduced
stealthily and without warning last
Monday night.
The Fifth Ward, if they believed it
would do any good, would to a man
sign a petition demanding that Wood
ward resign. But his actions so far
have not indicated that he has any au
thortty to speak for himself in the mat
ter, and it is certain that those who
tied him up are not going to release
him.
On Ninth street this morning there
appeared nailed to a telegraph post a
large placard. In the center of it was
fastened a foot of heavy hemp rope
about the size that Warden Hale oc
casionally uses. On top of the rope in
large letters was the following: "A
sample of one of the 'strings' that were
not on Woodward, but that ought to
be."
Underneath the rope was the follow
ing offer:
"N. B.— A full line of this sample will
be cheerfully furnished on application
by the indignant citizens of Oakland."
The sign was nailed to the post al
most in front of the office of "Benham &
Thomas, on Ninth street, and created
much diversio-n during the day. Not
the least significant feature of the
placard was that it was yellow.
This afternoon a number of the mem
< bers of the Army and Navy Republican
j League signed a call for a special meet
ing, at which they intend to voice their
| sentiments on the water rate matter,
i and, incidentally, to see whether some
I thing cannot be done or undone with
I Major Woodward.
Next Monday night the Council meets
again, but the ordinance will not have
been printed the necessary five days
until the following Thursday. In the
meantime, the citizens will take every
i possible measure to prevent that $100 -
000 steal.
Mayor Thomas was told to-night of
the opinion of many that he should re
voke the arpointment of Woodward,
and said 1' 'vas an entirely new idea to
him. "I cannot say whether I have
I that power or not," said the Mayor
"but if I have I shall certainly use it.
1 appointed a Police Judge and revoked
the appointment, but whether such an
action on my part will hold good re
garding a Councilman I cannot say. I
shall make it my business to find out
the first thing to-morrow morning.
"Regarding the ordinance passed last
night I repeat that I shall veto it. It
will come up for final passage next
week, and then it will have to come to
me for signature or disapproval, and I
shall veto it. I do not think there is
any way to pass it over my veto, for
the charter expressly covers the point.
"I cannot express my disappointment
of Woodward. He is a candidate for
Pension Agent in San Francisco, and
the petition that he sent to Washington
is the finest thing I ever saw. It is
signed by every city and county offi
cial, by every minister, by all the leg
islators from this county, by Superior
Judges and the best of citizens. Sena
tor Stratton was his friend in the mat
ter, and Senator Perkins had given him
much encouragement, but now all his
chances are gone higher than a kite "
This attitude of the Mayor's places
the water question in a peculiar posi
tion. Whether the Council, after the
veto, can start again to fix rates, Feb
ruary having passed, is doubtful. In
such an event the water companies will
undoubtedly try to collect rates un
der the resolution introduced by Hen
nebery last Monday night. Then an
other legal question will be raised
City Attorney Dow advised the Councii
that that resolution Is illegal, and
Hennfbery and the other five of the
"solid six" accepted his decision. Last
night to make their job secure they
took it section by section and had it
substituted for the committee's ordi
nance. Having done this, it has cer
tainly taken the place of the resolution
of last Monday, which was declared il
legal before passage.
Now with the ordinance killed "by the
Mayor's veto and the resolution de
clared illegal there are no rates.
It requires, under the rules of the
City Council eight votes to pass an or
dinance over the Mayor's veto, and it
is certain that no such vote can be ob
tained.
Thus it will bo seen that there are
several tangles to ne straightened out
before the extortionate desires of the
allied companies can be accomplished.
Towne in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— Ex-Congressman
C A Towne was greeted at the Exposi
tion building tO-Tdght by nearly 3000 peo
ple, a large number being ladies. George
AY Baker, president of the Bimetallic
league of the Pacific Coast, opened the
meeting and introduced Dr. E. H. Wool
sey as chairman <f the evening. A band
furnished inspiring music for the occa
sion. His words were frequently inter
rupted by the.applatwa of his audience.
"The best evidence" we have at hand of
the, virtue of this issue," said the speaker,
"is the remarkaMe manner in which it
has swept this country, not only finding
adherents among the moneyed men of the
I'nion, but rather • among the mass.s.
whose labor shapes the stability of the
nation and whose honest toil demands the
honest dollars we advocate here to-night.
Silver is destined to be the predominat
ing issue and one day, when the merits of
bimetallism dawn upon the deep thinking
and the gold thinking, it will be the
standard that shall lift up and benefit,
that shall equalize anil work out good re
sults in the money murkets of the world."
After Seven Years.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— He*. R. F. Coyle
of the First Presbyterian Church was
tendered a rousing r.-ception last even
ing in the church parlors. Jt was in
honor of his completion of seven years'
work in thl3 cHy, and me attendance was
very large. George D. Gray presided as
master of ceremonies, while C. A. Bailey,
Rev. James Curry, Rev. J. H. Bushnell
and Judge S. G. Nye made remarks. Con
gratulations were received from a large
number of the absent city clergy. Re
freshments followed, and a good social
time was had by all present.
Coal Dealers Disband.
OAKLAND. Feb. 25.— The Alameda
County Coal Dealers' Association has dis
banded in response to the decision of
Judge Morrow of San Francisco. Steps
have been taken, however, to organize the
Retail Coal Dealers' Protective Associa
tion. A preliminary meeting has been
held and temporary officers elected. A
committee is preparing a constitution and
by-laws, and will report on Tuesday,
March 8. The officers claim that the coal
dealers must have some sort of protec
tion in the matter of fair weights and the
raising and lowering of prices.
Bonds Strongly Favored.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— The residents of
Bay school district voted to issue $13,n00
worth of bonds yesterday by a vote of 71
to 20. The money is to be used in the
erection of a new schoolhouse.
FREDERICK DELGER APPROACHES DEATH.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— After a long and successful life Frederick Delger'a
career is nearing a close and his physicians declared to-day that his recov
ery is very doubtful.
The old capitalist has seen seventy-six years of life and has been an en
ergetic business man for over half a century. His rise from the obscurity
of a cobbler to a capitalist was remarkable and was due to winning a for
tune by a lottery ticket many years ago. He invested it Judiciously and
being always careful he soon became a very rich man. He now owns more
Broadway real estate than any other one man, owns a block at Eight
eenth street and Telegraph avenue, where his residence is located, and is
a director of the Central Bank, besides having many other investments.
Mr. Delger. was taken ill last Sunday and since that time he has
steadily been grov ig worse. Dr. Burchard, who attends him, said to-day
that Mr. Delger is only rational at intervals and is suffering from compli
cated chronic ailments.
CAUGHT WHILE
MAKING LOVE
Two Society Youths Are
Arrested at Mills
College.
Taken in by a Constable and
Lectured by the Lady
President.
Now They Have to Plead fop the
Reinstatement of the
Fair Maids.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 25.
Two society youths are in a very un
pleasant predicament. They were ar
rested a few days ago while making
love to two of the prettiest girls of
Mills College. They were caught in the
grounds by the vigilant deputy con
stable that guards the interests of the
well known seminary and were
marched before Mrs. Mills.
The young gentlemen are Layton
Hooper and Will Mason, a brother-in
law of Cashier Garthwaite of the Oak
land Bank of_ Savings. The point that
is troubling these two gallants most Is
that the young ladies in the innocent
little affair are the chief sufferers, one
being sent home and another sus
pended.
Will Mason is every inch a gentleman
and on Saturday he went out to the
college, sought an interview with Mrs.
Mills and interceded loyally for the
young ladies.
"There was really nothing to com
plain about," said Mason to-day. "We
went out to that vicinity to visit a
friend. We saw two young ladies to
whom, in a manner I now forget, we
introduced ourselves and chatted mer
rily about the flowers and the weather.
Presently a constable came along and
Informed us we were under arrest and
marched us into the college, where we
Wi?re severely lectured. This was bad
enough, but we learned later that the
young ladies, who were two of the
prettiest girls in the seminary, had
been severely punished, one being sus
pended and another expelled. For this
we feel very bad, and I have pleaded
with Mrs. Mills for leniency, showing
her how unjust it is that we should
have all the fun and the girls all the
punishment, and I hope that they will
be taken back."
The incident is causing lots of talk
among the younger element of society,
which thinks it a great joke that
Hooper and Mason should have been
so neatly caught while innocently flirt
ing. _____^______ .-. ■
Mischievous Youths.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 25.— Half a dozen
youths aged from 15 to 17. were arrested
last night on complaint of Victor Mockel
of Lafayette street and Encinal avenue
for disturbing his peace. He says that
the boys have thrown mud on his side
walk while he was trying to wash it off.
and had called him names and taunted
him until life was scarcely worth living.
At first he threatened them with a shot
gun, but thought better of it and con
cluded to swear out a warrant. The boys
were all bailed out by their parents. They
belong to respectable families.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 25.— A reception will
be gi*-en to Bishop William Taylor next
Wednesday evening at the Park-Street
M. E. Church, which will be participated
in by all the churches in this city.
The Hebrew Ladies' Endeavor Society
will give a Purim masquerade ball on
next Saturday evening for the benefit of
the society.
The remains of a male infant were dis
covered on the beach near the oilworks
to-day and were turned over to Deputy
Coroner Fowler. There was nothing to
show that death had not resulted from
natural causes.
The class of '98 of the Alameda Uni
versity Academy had its field day to-day,
concluding with a reception this evening
at the residence of Captain J. S. Hanley
on Sherman street.
Diedrich Tiedemann of San Antonio av
enue has filed a petition in insolvency.
He has liabilities of $12,000 and assets of
$2000. He is engaged In the oil business in
Berkeley.
WILL PROTECT
SQUARE SPORT
Reliance Managers Are
Still Denouncing
Me Arthur.
May Insist in Future on Two
Judges Besides a
Referee.
President Fitzgerald Expresses Him
self Freely Over the
Job.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 25.
The unfair decision given at the Re
liance Club Wednesday by Bob McAr
thur may lead to a definite rule being
formulated by the club for the future
management of boxing events. The di
rectors are now discussing the advisa
bility of having two judges for each
contest, as well as a referee. There are,
however, some objections to such a
practice, and the club realizing the im
portant bearing, it may have on the
future of the sport will get the views
of other clubs before reaching a de
cision.
Just at this time, when San Fran
cisco is frowning on boxing events, the
Oakland clubs are being importuned
more than ever to permit contests on
this side of the bay. Very binding and
reasonable agreements have been made
between each of the two clubs and the
Chief of Police, which guarantee fair
and safe sport, but so long as the pres
ent method of appointing a referee is
followed there is danger of Just such
trouble as occurred last night.
"This is a matter which I feel I ought
to discuss and yet about which I am
rather delicate," said President Fitz
gerald of the Reliance Club to-day.
"It is a fact that the difficulty of get
ting a good referee is growing, and just
such affairs as occurred last night add
to that difficulty. Where the merits of
two men are almost alike a decision is
hard to give, and a referee in such in
stances has a thankless task, because
one camp of partisans is sure to hiss
while the other is cheering, and no man
likes to be hissed.
"I cannot, however, find any excuse
for tlie raw work of McArthur last
night. For a man that knows how to
box and understands the art such as I
know McArthur does, there can be no
defense or apology. It was a complete
steal from McCue, who had honestly
earned the winner's share of the purse.
Lawler, so far as I could judge, only
hit McCue three times during the en
tire contest, while I would not pretend
to say how much effective work was
done by McCue. Had the seventh round
lasted a few seconds longer I believe
Lawlor would have been put out com
pletely.
"We are now being asked to permit
many contests at our gymnasium, and
we feel that the sport should be en
couraged and kept clean. Our matches
so far have always been very reasona
ble and good sport. No one has ever
been hurt, and I do not see how they
can be hurt with the big gloves on
which we insist and the limiting of the
contest to eight rounds. It is just
enough to try two men out and as a
rule reach a decision. We shall not act
hastily in deciding how to- overcome the
possibility of such unjust work as was
done last night. McCue came to me
after the decision and told me that the
club should not suffer from such work,
because it was in no way responsible.
Both men gave me positive assurance
that the contest should not be delayed
because of the referee, and neither was
it. Consequently we did all that was
expected of us, but will do more in the
future if we can see our way clear.
"Such raw work must have been in
spired by something, and while I do not
intend to say what influenced McAr
thur, it is certainly a suspicious fact
that the betting in San Francisco was
all in Lawler's favor, and that his
friends had backed him heavily to get
the decision."
THREE-QUARTERS
OF A CENTURY
Professor Le Conte Celebrates
His Seventy - Fifth
Birthday.
A Loving Tribute to " Professor Joe '
From His " Boys and Girls"
at the University.
BERKELEY, Feb. 25.— Professor Joseph
Le Conte. the venerable geologist of the
University of California, was tendered a
pleasant surprise this morning in honor
of his seventy-fifth birthday, by his uni
versity "boys and girls," as he affection
ately calls his students. Every year the
members of his class make February 26,
or the nearest recitation day to that date,
an occasion for giving to their beloved
"Professor Joe" a token of the universal
esteem and veneration in which he is
hefd. When Professor Le Conte entered
hfs lecture room this morning to meet his
class in geology, he found that hi 3 desk,
over which he has addressed class after
class on the absorbing problems of geo
logical and evolutionary science, had been
transformed Into a bed of violets and
blossoms. At the same time he was affec
tionately greeted by a roomful of students
in honor of his birthday. Reno Hutchin
son, on behalf of the students, congratu
lated Professor Le Conte and expressed
the wish that as the students became old
er he might ever become younger. The
venerable professor was then asked to ac
cept as a birthday gift a handsome li
brary book case, which had been draped
with garlands of smilax by the young
lady students.
Professor Le Conte was visibly moved
as he thanked the students for their re
membrance of him. "If I have been able
'to do effective work," he said, "later in
life than falls to the lot of most people, it
is on account of the sympathy and love
of my young students. Which has, I am
sure, rejuvenated me. Your speaker has
said that while the students grow older
with each succeeding year. I myself seem
to grow younger, and I sometimes really
feel as If this were so. If it is. it is be
cause of my sympathetic relation with
young people, which feeling has never
been stronger in me than it is now. To
feel companionship with young people—
this it is that keeps the heart young.
"The. other day our Philosophical Union
discussed the Question, 'Is Life Worth
Living?' Surely, with the sympathy and
love that you young people show toward
me. I have found it so, and not only have
I found that it is worth while to live, but
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,!
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pozzoni'm
wondroua Powder. I
AUCTION SALES.
COLUMBIAN AUCTION BOUSE
Will aell by order of Jacob J. Gottlob, Esq.,
At HJB Residence,
863 BUSH ST., bet. Mason and Taylor.
MONDAY.
MONDAY Feb. 28, 189g.
At 11 o'clock a. m..
All the Elegant Drawing Room, Parlor,
Library, Chamber and Dining Room Furniture,
Upright Grand Piano, Elegant Ornaments. Pic-
tures, Lace Curtains, etc.. Royal 'Wilton Mo-
quet and Body Brussels Carpets. Special atten-
tion of the public is called to this sale. Tha
residence has been- furnished less than one
year, and all the Furniture and Carpets were
purchased from Fredericks'. Plums', Sloane's
and other first-class houses.
Don't fail to attend this sale.
Terms cash. Residence open for inspection
early morning of sale.
VINCENT & GALLICK, Auctioneers,
1057 Market st.
that it is worth still more to grow olcL,"
At the conclusion of his brief reply, Pro
fessor Le Conte received the individual
congratulations of his young friends.
The esteem in which Professor Le Conte
has' been held for the nearly three decades
in which he has labored at the University
of California has grown to a feeling al
most of reverence. Scarce a student at
Berkeley fails to bare his head when ven
erable "Professor Joe" passes by. Years
have left their mark upon the veteran
teacher; not only has time whitened his
flowing locks and bent his frame, but as
he climbs from the lower campus to his
recitation room in South Hall he stops
oftener to rest under the old oaks. But
the kindly, twinkling eyes shine just as
brightly, the voice is just as vigorous as
ever. His labors at the university are
still extending their field. While he has
been relieved recently of considerable ele
mentary work, the scope of his advanced
courses has been widened. His newly in
stituted lectures on evolution have been
better attended than almost any other
course at the university, in spite of the
fact that credit for the wurk was pur
posely withheld in order to ktvp down th*
number of those who would otherwise
overcrowd the recitation-room.
Few lives have been devoted more use
fully to the course of science than that of
Professor L.c Conte. At the age of 18 he
graduated with tne degree of A. B. from
Franklin College of the ii'niversity of
Georgia. An inherited love of science, his
father, Louis Le Conte, having been an
enthusiastic botanist, and having built
on his plantation a botanical garden, onct*
considered the best in the country, caused
Joseph Le Conte to study medicine. 11l
1545 he graduated from the College or
Physicians and Surgeons of New York.
For five years he practiced medicine in
Macon, Ga., near which the Le Cont»
home still stands.
Acquaintance and friendship with the
famous Professor Louis Agassiz turned
his attention more closely to the subject
of geology, and in 1851, with Protessor
Agassiz, ho made a careful study of the
coral reefs and keys to Florida. From
1852 to 1856 he occupied the chair of geolo
gy and natural history in the University
of Georgia. For the following six years_
he held a similar chair in the College of
South Carolina, until it was disbanded
on account of the breaking out of the
Civil War. In 1868 Profespor Le Conte
and his brother, Professor John Le Conte,
four years his senior, received a call
from the University of California, and
from 1869 to 1891, when Professor John Le
Conte died, the two brothers labored in
the field of science side by side, "Pro
fessor Joe" devoting his attention more
especially to geology and zoology and
Professor John to physics.
Professor Le Conte has written a num
ber of books of first rank in scientific
literature. Many honors have been be
stowed upon him by various colleges,
among them the degrees of A. M. and
LL.D. from his alma mater, the Univer
sity of Georgia, and the degree of B. S.
from Harvard College. At present, be
sides occupying the chair of geology and
natural history at Berkeley, Professor Le
Conte holds the title of honorary profes
sor of biology in the college of dentistry
and special lecturer in the veterinary de
partment.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 25.— The Students'
Congress on March 8 will debate the ques
tion, "Resolved, that the mile limit law
should be repealed." The speakers will
be: Affirmative— Newmark, Christensen,
Goodall and Creed; negative— Hohf eld,
Tully, Brickley and Downer.
Berkeley Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F., cel
ebrated the twentieth anniversary of its
institution last night.
President Cyrus Northrupp of the Uni
versity of Minnesota visited the univer
sity at Berkeley to-day.
Next Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock a
special committee of the Board of Re
gents, consisting of Regents Kellogg,
Rodgers, Reinstein, Hallidle, Chase and
John E. Budd, will meet in San Fran
cisco to take action on the request of the
faculty of the medical college that it be
placed on the same footing as the col
leges at Berkeley.
A match shoot between Company E, N.
G. C, of Visalia, and the University Ca
dets will be held at Shell Mound to
morrow. Berkeley will be represented by
McGuire, Fairchild, Julien, McGregor,
Rawlings, Beville, Vanderbilt, West,
Pierce. P. L. Jackson, Wedemeyer and
Bender.
At the quarterly conference of the Ala
meda County W. C. T. U. to-day at Stiles
Hall a petition was circulated requesting
the street car companies to prohibit tha
use of tobacco on any of their cars.
Professor G. M. Stratton will address
the Science Association next Tuesday
evening on "Some Recent Experiments
in Inverted Vision."
General Booth to Arrive.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— General William
Booth, the founder of the Salvation Army,
will arrive in this city Saturday even
ing at 5:45 o'clock. He will be met at the
Sixteenth-street depot by all of the divi
sion and staff officers and escorted to his
hotel. On Sunday he will address three
public meetings at the Macdonough
Theater— lfr:3o a. m. and 3 and 8 p. m.
There will be a street parade before the
afternoon and evening meetings led by
the Pacific Coast Guards band.
Robbed on the Highway.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— Joe Vargas of
Monterey came to Haywards on a visit
and last night was robbed of all he
owned. Vargas was intending to go to
the Knox Place, but took the wrong
road. He was met by two men with pis
tols, who robbed him of $50 and a silver
watch.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— The grand Jury
was in session yesterday and to-day.
Superintendent Miller was vindicated and
the witnesses called excused without ex
amination. , , ,
The Wilcox block and the old Galvin
property on Fourteenth street has been
sold. T. L. Barker purchased the Wilcox
block which was sold for $150,000; and
Jacob Lev! Sr. the Galvin block, which
brought $120,000. This \s the largest real
estate deal made in this city in years.
Monday night the City Council will pass
the resolution providing for the calling of
a primary election on April SO, in accord
ance with the Stratton law, for the pur
pose ot choosing delegates to nominate
candidates for charter freeholders.
= ADVEBTISEMENTSL
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOB— —
CONSTIPATION, ■
DYSPEPSIA.
: LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
• "The prototype of all Bitter Waters.". Lancet .
"Speedy, sure, gentle." British MedicalJournai
v CAUTION: , See that the label bears Vie tigru* ■
ture of the firm. ; _ " ■'
. , ■ . ' Andreas Saxlehnei*.
••■ ,■■■>■'-•■■:"-•■■'■■"■,■ - .',
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ikMH <>25Hi:AR\VNT. Established
in ISS4 for the treatment of Private
■ iV;^^ Diseased, Lost Manhood, s Debility or
I MB disease ireftrlnffonbodyandmlnd and
* ■ skin Diseases.^"hodoctorcureswheu
, J others fall. Try him. Charges low. .
?M |( urr«sunrunlrrd. Call or write.
| Dr. J. W. UIBBO3I, Box l»37.S&nFruciMak
1314
OLD COLLINS
FOOLED THEM
Developed Lameness in
° His Preliminary, but
Won Cleverly.
Four Favorites Failed to Navi
gate Through the Sloppy
Going,
v
"Mocorito in Front at Good Odds.
George Lee Finished First in
the Mile Handicap.
It often happens that lame horses prove
very remunerative ones to bacK. Buch
was the case with Collins, a starter In
the mile and a sixteenth selling run J
at Ingles'de yesterday. The brown
gelding opened equal choice in the bet
ting with Souffle, but in his preliminary
gallop showed signs of lameness, and
the crowd soured on him. Even his
owner. Dr. Rowell. was compelled to
pass him up. and so informed the
judges. Souffle was then rapidly played
down to 4 to 5. Receding to 5 to 2, j
Collins went out in front, with Jones '
on his back, and was never headed, j
winning cleverly from Little Cripple. !
To make matters still worse for his
owner. Al Smith, the owner of Little
Cripple, boosted the winner $300 over
hie entered selling price of $400.
The favorites were in good demand
throughout the afternoon, but played in
hard luck, two of them only managing
to finish in front. The track was still
sloppy, which proved beneficial to the
peg-legged division.
In the rush to get aboard Ezell's Oc
turuck in the opening five and one-half
furlong sprint for maiden three-year
olds, the other starters were over
looked. Mocorito, an Bto 1 choice, rid
den by Eddie Jones, led all the way,
winning, ridden out, from the second
choice, Aprona, with Sloan in the sad
dle. Octuruck, backed from threes
down to 8 to 5 favoritism, was away
from the post badly and ran unplaced.
With Mercutlo, Harry Thoburn an<l
Greyhurst scratched from the mile
purse event. Geyser went to the post a
1 to 3 chance, and won, under re
straint, from Orimar. Red Glenn eas
ily took the show from Devil's Dream.
Roulette Wheel, with Thorpe in the
saddle, took the second five and one
half furlong scramble at odds of 3 to 1.
Flandes was sent to the post favorite.
Xiihau, a 30 to 1 shot, gave the Wheel
a hard rut at the end, but Thorpe final
ly got her over the winner by less than
a length. The favorite was an indif
ferent third.
Caldwell's bungling work with the !
barrier at the start in the mile handi
cap contributed to the defeat of the 7
to 5 favorite, Fonsovannah, with Thorpe
up. With half of the bunch pulling up |
the starter pulled the lever, and the
chances of Fonsovannah were ruined
by colliding with Los Prietos. Blarney
stone, away first, led to the stretch, j
where Sloan, on the Corrigan entry a«»- !
sumed the lead, winning, hard ridden i
at the wire from Bonita.
Old Refugee was a 1 to 2 chance for
the final six furlong affair, and only !
won by the narrowest of margins. Pat
Murphy hooked up with him in the
stretch, and in a hard drive was beaten
out but a short head. Don Fulano
away badly to a straggling start, ran
a great race, finishing a good third
Track Items.
Refuse was given a "hoist" in the last race.
The old sprinter was entered to be sold for
$500 and was bid up to $800 by Fremont Sloan
His owner retained him with the customary *5
The attention of owners, Is called to the fact
that the stakes of the Saratoga Racing Asso
ciation close with Secretary B. A. Chilton 1402
Broadway. New York, on March 1 '
In two days The Call has picked nine of the
twelve winners at Ingleside. Yesterday five of
chance M<JcorUo Were *' Yen ' lnClUdln * the Bto 1
Don Fulano was only beaten thirteen lengths
by Refugee on February 22. St^ncer rode him
on that occasion and he was apparently as dead
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PwTrlfi? ™°$ ST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-lOlst day of the
sloppy Meeting. Friday. Feb. 25. 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
FIRST RACE-Five and a half
; purse, J350.
596 Mocorlto 105! 2
623 na ..::::: 105^ 1
BBS Oahu " ins' ;
608 Entrata 1% 3
602 Ookturuck 107.7
629 Idomenus -.107 4
452 Nita Murphy 105 6
— Llvermore HO! 8
1314
3 n
5 h
* ft
7 20
2 2
6 6
8
14 13
5 3% ,52
31 2 n
4h 3 h
7 40 6 2
2% 4 2
6 n 7 10
8 8
1*
2 ns
3 %'
4 1
0 8
6 12
7 15
8 .
E. Jones
T. Sloan
Clawson
Spencer
7 «
2 13-5
8 10
3 4
3 8-5
8 15
30 40
15 25
[Conley
Holmes
Cameron
W. Taylor ...
Good' Tt art 11 Won Mr "' Nettle Harrison & Co.'s cb. t. by Amlgo-Santa Monica.
1.
D RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; puree, »00.
'SPSS??: *■ 1U 3 4: 2h Ih lh lh T.Sloan ..... 13-10 1-3
55 2."™%- 6 108 * 11* I' 42 4 2 3V4 2 8 Conley 5-2 13-3
t'n ? t? *?.?' A: ml 1 2n 33 86 8 6 315 Gray :.... !20 30
640 Imp-Devil's D-m. 4. Ml j__3J4 4 4 _j4^ 4 ' O'Connor .... 50-75
undlrT'pull 45 " Wlnneri E - Corr| san ¥ » b. o. by Ben All-Hot Springs. "Good start. Won
2.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; puree, $350.
629 Roulette Wheel 110 4
G29 Xllhau 110 3
607 Flandes 11.-, i
... Dr. Mizner 107 2
fit's Hertha 11,' 6
618 Royal Prize 11' 7
434 Mainbar !« 9
... Padrone in? \
. . . Chenier 110 %
'3 h
1 %
6 2H
4 2
2 h
7 2
9
C*
s s
2 3
3 1
5 h
4 2V,
1 h
7 2%
9
6 V 4
8 3
2 24
3 1%
5 2H
4 2
;ih
.7 2ft
5 2
6 h
9
1 H
• 2 2H
3 h
4 2
6 14
6 S
7 1
8 5
9
orpe 2 3
»ncer 15 30
lyton 2 11-6
iley 15 10
Intyre 12 30
iy 10 «0
1 wson 6 7-2
rlor 30 60
rsey ! 4 8
Won 'first three drtvVn""' W ' Flsher ' s **■ Lb V lm P- St." G«orße-imp. "Lonely. Good start.
FOURTH RACE-One mile-
1 ; purse, $500.
(645) George Lee ;
635 Bonito
640 Blarney Stone
Cl 4 For.sovannah
W. Lo* Prietos
645 Bow and Arrow
I 9
I
! 1
! 4
3
6
3 1
. 2 H .
1 214
6 1
4 4
6
4 3%
2 1
1 2
5 3 •
3 h
S
3 h
2 2H ■ .
1 % ■
5 4
4 3
8
3 2%
2 h
1 V,
5 3
* V 4
6 • -
1 \ -
23
3 n
4 Wi !
5 2% !
1. 6 - ■ ■ !
Sloan
wson
Woods
'rpe
■i
4
16
1
10
30
5-2
4
10
7-5
15
40
mes
iy
first 1 " t'Sree'drivlrfg'""" 1 E " CorriKan ' B h *■ »>y Imp. St. O«orge~-i^ve*.
Fair start.
Won
• F mir*B $4^o' EE ~ <:)ne an<l * slxte * nth miles: selling: four-year-olds and upward;
(625) Collins, 6 !
623 Little Cripple, a....
640 Souffle, 5 .....:
61$ Perseus, 5 ;."... *...'.'.:
643 Plf-asanton, 4 ......:
' 3
I -
5
1
|4
1 h
3 h
4 IV4
2 114
.6
Mi
3 4
2 '-i
4 6
£j>
1 r-K 12
3 2% • 2 ns
2 136
46 4 8'
5 5-
1 2
2 n
3 4
4 4
5
1 m
2 5
- 2 1
| 4 2%
E
Jones j
M
10
6-5
8
100
iley j
.yton ■.:.....
ly ..........
tnepon '..... I
Won'^iiv 52 *' Wlnner> Dr - H " E - Rowe »^ br. g. by Inspector B-Plazza.
Good start.
■ SIXTH RACE -Six furlongs; tUßing; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Refugee, 5
Pat Murphy, 6
Dor. Fulano, a
Distinction. 4
Una Que Amo. S.. 1
Last Chance, a 1
Vivo. 4
Iteno, a
Kaiser Ludwlg. 4..
4
2
5
I
I
7
1
6
•
. ... ■ 1% .
... 3 1
... S
... — 2%
... 4h
« h
... ,74
... "52
IS
7 2
2 h
4 i,4
5 1 .■ i
In In
2 Il*I 1 * 2 12
C « 3 ft
86 4 4
4 2 ■■ 66!
C 2 . - 64
i 2V4 712 I
8= 8
8 - ?.. i
Brown ...
wson
iley
onnor
1-3
8
4
15
SO
100
Donald ...
mes
yen» ■...:.'.
Woods
1:16%. Winner, W. B. Sink 1 * b. g. by Exile-Bracken. Fair start. Won nrst three
as a "lobster." YentenJay he was almost left
at the post and came like a hurricane at the
end.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
Mo7)V!king ..'. 99 | 655 Una Que Amo..UK)
(.■.T7)Fortunate 110' 614 O'Fleeta I">7
634 Starling 100 I 632 Silver State ....108
639 Jack Martin . ..102 I. 576 Hazard 109
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.-
655 ljutt Chanc* 104 1 649 Veragua 110
647 Charles A 104! 637 Humbug 101
80S William O"B....107 1 630 Xic Xac l ft 2
647 Bpnamela 107 i 647 Schnitz 107
251 Daylight 107 i
Third Race— Half mile; Malowansky Stakes;
two-year-olds; value, $1000.
... Napian 118 j 63S Native Son 115
635 Obsidian 118 I (616)S«?micolon Hi
C 23 Frank Ireland... 118 i 636 Ix> bos US
MS Milt Young US 63S Master Buck 118
022 Rainier US !
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; hur
dle.
234 Tortont 139! 561 Major S 138
«41 Monita 131 j 655 Reno 153
3W Captain Bees ..147 1 551 Alvarado II 138
Fifth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds.
<26S)Odds On 112 | 645 Dr. Marks 112
(362) Prince Blazes ..189 61S Morlnga 102
592 Xovia 1"7 i Btt Watomlm 107
451 Rebel .Tack 112! 598 Approbation ....102
592 Hrambella I'M '".24 Fbrroella 104
818 Bonnie lone . . . . 10* ! 645 El Mom 109
Sixth Race— Three-eighths of a mile; for two
year-olds; the winner to bessold.for |SOO. Four
pounds allowed for each $nm less to $200. En
tries close at track at 9 o'clock a. m., Satur
day, February 2C.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Fortunate, Jack Martin. O'Fleeta.
Second Rae«— Daylight, Schnitz, Benamela.
Thlrd Race— Obsidian, Milt Young. Semi
colon.
Fourth Race— Alvarado, Captain Rees, Mo
nlta.
Fifth race — Odds On, Dr. Marks, Watomba,
MUNICIPAL LEGISLATORS.
Police Department and Liquor-Deal
ers Occupy the Attention of the
Charter Framers.
The charter framers devoted last even
ing's session to the consideration of the
Police Department and the governing of
the liquor question.
Section 1, which provided for four Com
missioners and the Chief to make the
fifth, was defeated, and after consider
able debate the section was amended to
have but three Commissioners — one to re
tire every year after the first appoint
ment. This provision will make it im
possible for any one Mayor to have the
appointment of more than one Commis
sioner during his term.
The age at which officers are to be ap
pointed to the force was raised from 21 to
25 at the request of Freeholder Sachs,
who argued that a man at the age of 21
lacked sufficient judgment to discriminate ,
as to the power of his duties.
It is made compulsory upon every mem
ber of the force, including the Commis
sioners, to reside in the city and county. •
and also to refrain from taking any part
in politics. The sessions of the Commis- |
sioners must be public, and all votes must \
be cast as "yes" and "no," with a record :
kept of such votes, the same to be open ]
to public inspection.
The section dealing with the liquor I
question was adopted as follows:
"To grant permits to all persons desir- !
ing to engage in the sale of liquor in less !
quantity than one quart, and to revoke ;
any such permit when it shall appear to ,
the board that the business of the person !
to whom such permit was given is con- i
ducted in a disorderly or improper man
ner. If the board refuse to grant such j
permit, or propose to revoke any permit j
that has been granted, the person who is
refused such permit, or whose permit it
la proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to i
be heard before the board in person, or j
through counsel, and to have, free of
charge, all reasonable facilities for the
hearing on his right to have or retain i
such permit. It shall not be lawful for |
any person to sell liquor in less quantity
than one quart in the city and county j
without the permit hereby provided for. j
Such permits must not be granted for ;
more than three months at one time, and
they shall distinctly state the name of
the person to whom the same is given I
and the description of the premises where I
such business is to be carried on. Such I
permits shall at all times be subject to !
inspection by any member of the depart
ment. Complaints to revoke permits
granted by the board must be in writ
ing, signed by the person making the
same and filed with the clerk of the
board; and a copy thereof certified by the
clt-rk must be served upon the party
complained against at least five days be- j
fore the time set for the hearing of the i
complaint."
The term of the Chief was fixed at four j
years, during whii h period he cannot be j
removed, except for cause.
The strength of the force was fixed at ;
one to every 500 inhabitants according to j
the returns of the United States census.
Test Opium Case.
Lee Chow, a merchant in Chinatown,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
sworn out in Judge Low's court by Li
cense Collector Bonnet, for selling more
opium than is permitted by law. He was
released on his own recognizance. This
has been brought as a tfst case.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1898.
CUTTING DOWN
LIGHT EXPENSES
Supervisors Trying to
Prevent a Big Deficit
in Funds.
The City Hall Departments
Must Be More Careful
in Future.
Gas Inspector Taylor May Be Called
Upon for an Explana
tion.
The finance committee of the Board
of Supervisors has decided to adopt
rigid measures to prevent the threat
ened shortage in the city finances.
Supervisor Rottanzi, chairman of the
finance committee, held a conference
yesterday with Supervisor Kivers.
chairman of the street lights commit
tee, in reference to stopping the unnec
essary use of gas in the City Hall. This
item of expense amounts to about $2250
per month, and has caused certain offi
cials a disturbance of mind for years
past. It is known that in certain offi
ces gas in large quantities is used
where there is no necessity for the il
luminant, and that if proper supervi
sion over the matter were exercised the
bills for gas could be materially re
duced.
The fact that gas is burned continu
ally in the sub-basement of the City
Hall has been a matter of comment to
those who have supervision over the
city finances, and numerous efforts
have been made to stop the leak. Un
til the present time, however, no prog
ress has been made. The two supervis
ors called on the Chief of Police yes
terday to ascertain whether it was nec
essary to keep numerous gas jets burn
ing in the shooting gallery of the po
lice department. The Chief was ncrt
aware that such was the practice, and
promised to look into the matter at his
earliest opportunity.
Tax Collector Block was also seen and
asked to look into the use of gas in his
office. It had been represented to- the
committee that gas was burped there
as late as 11 o'clock in the morning,
when daylight should have answered
all purposes.
The report of the Board of Supervis
ors will probably call attention to the
fact that Gas Inspector Taylor, former
ly a member of the board, has not at
tended strictly to his duties, and that
gas has been permitted to burn in the
street lamps at times when the board
had decided economy demanded that
they be shut off. It is expected that by
curtailing expanses in this direction
nearly $1000 per month will be saved
by the city government.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Hutison to Mrs. F. R. Manuel, lot on
N line of Seventeenth street, 270 W of Castro,
\V 26, N 160:1, SE 27:1,4, S \o2:lhi; $10.
Christopher Koeber to Helene Koeber, lot on
S line of Twentieth street, 100 E of Eureka, E
25 by 8 97:fi; gift.
Estate at James H. Lucas (by Henry W.
Schwerin, administrator) to valentine Kehr
lein, ail interest in lot on X line of Vande
water street, 114:7 E of Mason, E 22:6 by N
60; J3O.
Frank P. McLennan (executor estate of M.
M. Ewer) to Anna E. McLennan, lot on S line
of Clay street, 172:6 W of Hyde, W 52:6 by S
157:6; J6500.
Antoine and Oracle Borel to Henry W. Gal
lett, lot on XE line of Spear street, 183:4 NW
of Folsom, NW 45:10 by MJ 137:6: $10.
Louis Altmark to Estelle Altmark (wife of
Louis), lot on \V corner of Seventh and Jiato
ma streets. NW 25 by SW 75; gift.
■ John Center and Emily J. \\ ilson (by M. S.
V\ ilHun. attorney, and San Francisco and Fres
no Land Company) to Nicholas Ohland and
John A. Buck, lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
(El Dorado) and Rhode Island streets, W 25
by S 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Alameda
and Kansas streets, N 360, E 200, S 235, W 100,
S 125, W 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
R. W. and Mary E. Tanslll (by A. S. Bald
win, attorney) to Mary Grace (wife of John
Grace), lot on \V line of Seventeenth avenue,
250 S of C street, S 25 by W 240; $10.
August Bodln to Emma V. Bodin, lot on NE
corner of V street and Thirty-eighth avenue,
E 57:6 by N 100; $10.
James L. Baar to P. C. Johnson, lot 40, block
P, Park Lane Tract; $150.
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to Paul
A. Arata. lot 48, block 524. Haley Purchase, W
of and adjoining Hudson Tract; $10.
Frances M. hawley to Solomon Getz, lot on
SE line of Athens street, 150 SW of Brazil, SW
60 by SE 100, block 73, Excelsior Homestead;
$10.
Mary. A. Mugge to Frederic Gamier, lot on
N line of Bosworth street, 201:2 W of Rosseau,
W 25, N 108, NE 25:2^, S 111, being subdivision
9 of portions of lots 31 and 32, Islala and Sa
linas Tracts; $100.
Julius Mendelson to City Building and Loan
Association, lot on E line of Buchanan street,
6»:6 S of Bush, S 23 by E 102; $10.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to John Coop and
James W. Smith, lot on N line of Frederick
street. 30:3 E of Clayton, E 25 by N 103; $10. ,
John Coop and James W. Smith to William
Hinkel, lot on W line of Clayton street, 135 N
of Frederick, N 25 by W 125; also lot on E lm*
of Cole street, 260 N of Frederick, N 25 by E
126; $10.
Ellen Karney to Annie L. Knowles, lot on N
line of Clipper street, 229:6 W of Sanchez, W
25 by N 114; gift.
John and (wife) Julia Elmqulst to Julia Elm
qulst (wife of John), lot on S line of Tehama
street. 387:6 E of Fourth. S 80 by E 25; gift.
Estate of Mary S. Bryarly (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to W. J. Wynn, lot on NW line
of Perry street, 205 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by
NW 80; $1475.
Tubbs Cordage Company to Henry and Eliza
beth Benson, lot on W line of Minnesota street,
50 S of Twenty-second (Sierra), W 82:8, SE 94:«,
N 45:9»,4; $5.
Potrero Land and Improvement Company to
Frank J. Weiss, lot on NE corner of Twenty
second (Sierra) and Minnesota streets, N 91:6
by E 25; grant.
Charles J. Campbell to James A. Thompson,
lot on NW corner Clement street and Fifteenth
avenue, N 104:3 by W 30; $L
J. A. and Josephine E. Thompson to Marga
ret Oahan, sarn^; $10.
Ned and Laura Hansen, Frederick, C. C. and
Emma Bertelson to Andrew and Marlot Bertcl
son, lot on W line Eleventh avenue, 225 N
of L, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Mary McGuirr to Josephine Clifford, lot on
NE line Fifteenth avenue, 225 SE of R street,
SE 50 by NE 100, block 294, Haley Tract; JlO.
Alexander R. Cook to Elizabeth and Jessie
I. Cook, undivided 1-12 lot on SW line Faulk
land avenue (Sixteenth) 125 NW of Monon
guhela (I) street, NW 50 by SW 100, block 327,
New South San Francisco Homestead Asso
ciation; also undivided 1-24 lot 5, and portion
lot 3, section 15, Masonic Cemetery; also prop
erty in Solano County; $10.
James D. Cook to Elizabeth Cook, undivided
1-12 and undivided 1-24, same as above; $10.
Margaret J. Pllkington to Josie P. Hill, lot
on NW corner Twenty-fourth and Bellevue
streets, W 125 by N 65; $10.
Joseph Sasla to John P. Frieden, all prop
erty in San Francisco; also all Interest In es
tate of Anthony Maraschl ; $10.
" Alameda County
Edward M. Bachelder to Bertha P. Barhel
der. re-record of 626 d 255, lot on SW corner of
Mil via and Cedar streets, E 115, 8 49, W 118.66,
N r.o to beginning, being lot 6, block A, Golden
Gate Homestead, Berkeley; gift.
Eveline Clark to William A. and I-illie Clark,
lot on W Fulton street, 50 S of Bancroft way.
S 40 by W IDO. being lot 20, block 14, College
Homestead Tract, subject to mortgage, Berke
ley; gift.
Philip F. Abbott, referee In action of Arthur
Brannagan vs. Richard Brannagan et al., to
William Shields, all Interest in lot on S cor
ner of lands now or formerly of John Everd-
Ing and new county road, thence SE 1.63 chains
to E line of D. Peralta's HOO-acre Homestead
Tract, thence SW 4. 0n chains. NW 4.73 chains
to SE line of the county road, thence NE 3.20
chains to beginning, Berkeley; $350.
Adeline B. Logan to Alexander Heynemann,
undivided half interest In lot on NE corner of
East Fourteenth and Howard streets, N 200 by
E HO, being a portion of Oak Tree Form
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. w. Scott (executor of the estate of J. P.
Rynders) to D. B. Wright, all Interest In lot on
NW corrter of East Twelfth street and Fourth
avenue. N 150 by W 100, block 49, Clinton. East
Oakland; $3500.
George and lonise J. Roeth to M. Rlnehart.
lot on NW line of Claremont avenue, 201.35 NE
from the point of intersection of Claremont
with East Telegraph avenue, thence NE 39 26
NW 71.80, W 71.86. S 100. E 42. SE 19.77. XE
60.75 to beginning, block A. Vicente Peralta
Reservation Trnct. Oakland annex; $10.
Columbian Mutual Benefit and Loan Associa
tion to Rosalia Keller, lot on SW line of Grant
avenue. 427 SE of Telegraph, SE 30 by SW 115,
being: a portion of amended map of Mosswood
Tract, Oakland annex; $1250.
Frank D. and Frances C. Myers to Julia L.
Barraelough (wife of John T. Barraclough), lot
on SW line of Hillside avenue. SE 230.79 from
the center line of the 30-foot right of way of
the Consolidated Piedmont Cabbie Company,
thence SE 106.08, BW 210.1 4. KW 113.32, NE 220
to beginning, Oakland Township; $10.
George M. ami Ethel Sheldon to Luther M.
and F. T. Williamson, lot beginning at a point
on the S line of lands conveyed by the first
party to the second party by deed dated Feb
ruary 2, 1898. 40 W from' E boundary of block
1. Central Park, thence S 50. W 9:6. N 55, E 70
to beginning, block 1, Central Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Bank of Pleasanton to Miss I-. A. Priest, the
S half of lot G. plat 52. Rancho c! Valle de
San Jose, containing 10 acres, Murray Town
ship; $10.
F. P. Muller to Pophie Muller, lot on XW
corner of Railroad avenue and Seventh street.
X iur.:<i. W 92:6 S 115 W 7, S 50:6, E 99:6 to
beginning, Alameda; gift.
Same to same, beginning at a point 20n s
of Railroad avenue and 186:5-6 E from E line
of Seventh street, E 86:SV*> by S 95, except a
strip conveyed to City of" Alameda for open
ing Halght avenue, Alameda; gift.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
M E Davern, Boston A L Foster, Hartford
H Laner, Cincinnati C R Thorburn, N V
F E Ray, Sacto D T Perkins & w, Cal
P W Murphy, Cal G O Wales & w, Bostn
G F Bufttn, St Louis IT M Davis, London
H L Luke, Butte ! J B Qulgley, Los Ang
Mrs H L Luke, Butte L W Wister, .Phila
C A Sterry, Los Ang ' Mrs Wister, Phila
T P Kelly, N V i Mrs H E Hayward, Pa
F Sidney, NY I H R* Barder, Chicago
Mrs F Sidney. NY |T Hopkins &w, Menlo
R H Sidney, NY G B McAneny, Menlo
J W Green, Brooklyn M E ?chifflen, Ala
I L Champlin, Chicago A C Weber, N V
E E Williams. Oregon N E BrlKgs, Hollister
Mrs E E Williams. Or F OMrander, N V
A H Zemer, Detroit \ D McHenry, Clinton
O R Stratton. Chicago W Levy, Chicago
J O Koeffe, Los An* | Mrs J H Simpson, Cal
Mrs Koeffe & c. LosAni
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S F Rose, U S N IS Henry, Stockton
H S Johnson, Portland N Williams. Nevada
L Kelly, Sonora J H Wright, St. Louis
Mrs L Kelly, Sonora B Barker. Livermore
F F Smith. Sacto IG W Schnler, Ohio
H Churchill, Boston j Mrs G W Schnler. Cm
Mrs Brooks, Oakland J Smith, Petaluma
W Crawley, Rockport Pr Cooper, Modesto
D Label, New York W Temple, S Bend
Miss Tobin, Vallejo G H Bishop, Clnn
Miss A Tobin, Vallejo ■ M O'Brien. San Jose
J Newell, Towsanda W O Church, Toledo
L Herman, NY J H Peck, Los Ang
D J Medbury, NY I H Radln. Fresno ■
E L Williams, 111 iw Wright, Callstoga
R Grimmon, Carson | X Elber, Fresno
H Baruhurt. S Cruz ij Kelly, Sacto
T R Howard, Ohio F Baker, Eureka
J W Welch. Rock Is Ij Baker. Eureka
J C Tropoll, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
J T Puncan. St Louis R A Peane. Folsom
W H S Bird. Placervle S R Harry, 1H
G Vice & w. Sacto P S Tracy. Placerville
W Mullenney, Sacto G Miller & w, Salt Lk
W G Crandall, Cal V A Fnrnum, Lompoc
W Maddux, Fulton W T Peterson. Sacto
J B Meloche. Stockton J H Brockman, Yuba
H Nellsen. Mt View .1 H Pico. Oakland
W Reed. Oakland H B Muir, Uklah
Miss Reed, Oakland W A G McKenzie. Cal
F M Rudolph. Cal H Burns, S Antonio
L Gill. Riverside J McCarthy, Phoenix
H R Duffin. L Ang Mrs W P Penhollow,
F Bishoprick. S Jose I'hicago
J Gavin, Sacto W D Nicholas, P Alto
A W Miller & w, lowa A A Smallfleld. Stktn
C L Ruggles, Stockton F E Sharkey, N V
S E Holden, Napa
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9 30 o'clock.
3W Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
* 252fi Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until '-'.30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHI'RCH NOTICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church. Golden
Gate aye. and Polk St.— Rev. M. M. Gibson,
P.P.. paFtor. Services, 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Young People's services. 6:30. The pastor will
preach both morning nnd evening; subject for
evening. "A Working Church." Seats free.
Cordial welcome to all.
MEETING NOTICES.
OFFICERS and member* of Ter- <$$&&&{*■
plar Rebekah Lodge No. 19, I. O. 4i2SStt>Se'
0. F. — You are hereby notified to t£=!sMp^s!F
attend the funeral of our late * ■''*..• ■%
brother, JOHN E. CLINE. from his late resi-
dence, 1817 Broadway, THIS DAY (SATUR-
DAY), at 2 p. m. By order 'of :
TILLIE M.. WINTERSTEIN, N. G.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, < gmmM s ,
1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting -Sg^gwlXzL
THIS EVENING. Third degree
will be conferred. -'wnv-
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
OFFICERS and members of San <$®>^&tf i ,
Francisco Lodge No. 3, I. O. O. : i§y23SKj^f
F.— You are hereby notified to an- ; i553«^?5r :
semble at 1817 Broadway SATI'R- -"wl^
DAY, at 1:15 p. m., for the purpose of con-
ducting the funeral of our late brother, J.
'E. CLINE. By order of • '- '' '■"■■■■:'
F. A. JENNINGS, N. G.
A. JACOBI. Secretary. , . V ~
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. osaiSUUjfcv.
207, 1. O. O. Officers and •^s52KX£
' members are requested to meet
at their hall. SUNDAY, Febru- "* flIW
ary 27. at 2 o'clock! p. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late brother, DENIS TRE-
BUCQ. . . P. BIGUE, N. G.
R. LAVIGNE. Secretary. -,
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.-jflMfc.-
Officers and members, you are notified ZfiPjfZ
to meet at your hall THIS DAYB^r
(SATURDAY) February 26, 1:30 p. m. tHS^
< sharp, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, WILLIAM WEHRLI. *
OSCAR. FORSBERG, M. W.
J. H.CATTRAN, Recorder. ,
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office or
the company. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March.
1898. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors -to
; serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
; action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. February 26. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
• Subscriptions and want ads taken. ;
*■' SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.,, room. 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
; trician; alcohol. Turkish : baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11. ■-
MME. ; HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths, 116 Taylor st.
.ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend : No. 78 • (fifty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
; flee ; of the company, 327 Market St., on • and
after Tuesday, March 1, 1898. - Transfer books
: will close on Wednesday, ■- February 23, 1898,
at 3 o'clock p. m ■•
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl, best of references, de-
; sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,'
v 316 Sutter ; st. ..-.'; : ... 'i
SWEDISH house girl, \ strong and : willing; $15
' to $20; two years last place; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st. . . ;
YOUNG, ; strong ■ German i woman wants wash-
ing, Ironing, cleaning by the day; $1 and car
fare; disengaged. Monday and Tuesday. . M.,
1126 Folsom st. ; • postals v answered imme-
diately. -,;■ - ; ■ ■,_....,.■*; .:,-. .. , .
RELIABLE, capable woman desires a position
;; as working housekeeper or to do light house-
work: city or country. 1 Call at 126 Ellis st.
MRS. GREEN. ■>;;';;->,. v-. :■:..-- .- ":.. y
GERMAN ■; woman wishes situation to take
r care } of . invalid or .. sick - : person * and help in
. light housework. 317 Linden aye., near Hayes '
'and Gough. , _.-. ■■-■': :. - *:;•..,
INVALID'S s nurse : and ! masseuse. ' experienced,
; - Is open for engagements. ■ MISS L., Y. W. C.
.-■■■■ A.. 1259 O'Farrell st. . , ' ■
POSITION wanted by young lady as cashier In
restaurant ; or ;• bakery; h has ■= experience :; and
■-.i good l references. ■ > Address 160 . Fourth ■ st. : \"
WANTED— By a widow, position ?as - house-
- ■ keeper; either : country : hotel • or private ; fam-
ily; with children; references. Box 1328, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes wprklng housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 181 Fourth
; St.. ; room 1. ;-;":-.•;: r : -'.j-iiw-.-r. .-■•-:■
YOUNG girl wants general housework in small
;■ v family. ■/ Please call B.'. A.. 331; Minna St.: ,
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by middle-
; - : aged American : woman; ? good »■ cooks ■-, no • ln-
;; cumbrance. .?: Box " 1307, J Call ,i office. • »,
NEAT, refined , young widow, i with daughter 12
' years , old, wishes ' position i as ■ housekeeper ! for
i - widower or i bachelor: • best \ of, reference. s Box
1309, Call office. .-.-.
1 SITUATIONS = WANTED- Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED woman ' wishes a situation to
■•do- plain 1 housework; city or - country.' 312
.". Brannan st. ;?-■:■ ■- -.. .- . ,\ ■■ • . ■-.' . . ■■'■■
WANTED— Situation by competent " girl '. to do
, upstairs r work or care i ■ for * small children;
;-■■ wages $20. Address ISA Henry st. ; Castro cars.,
YOUNG experienced woman ;; wants a position
as working housekeeper in family of 2; first-
class city references. 152 Cook St.. off Geary.'
2 CHAMBERMAIDS with positions in the tamo
hotel. .Apply at 1609 Powell st. ; ; ,
| RESPECTABLE -American lady with little
daughter wishes a situation as housekeeper;
short distance in country no objection. Box
1275, Call office. ■,'_ ■■:, ; '
! ENERGETIC i woman wishes position where
there is a chance • to - advance;' must k have
work Immediately. 1817 Everett st.. Alameda.
WOMAN with experience, first-class : cook,,
wishes to run. a boarding house. Apply 748
.'Howard st. . • , . • ;
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) , wishes position
in private boarding house or family, or will
.do chamber work. ■-. •" Address 1024 :: Jackson : st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, 1 jewelry;
t low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
; SITUATION WAATIiO-MALK.
CHlNE&E^riT"japanese (estab. 20 ye&raTheTp;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help.
Tel. East 777. -.805 Geary: st.
JAPANESE employment office; , work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; Davis 605.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and -• Japanese employment office;,
best help. 414^4 b'Farrell st. taL East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— help : and
Northern Hsclng Co. ; 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
BY man and wife: man a first-class gardener;
. will take care horses or cows; wife for sec-
ond girl or ' upstairs work; city or country.
Call or address 2221 Post st. . .
SITUATION wanted by, young man of 28; good
typewriter, expert mlmeographer, experienced
collector and solicitor; j best references. Box
1319, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man or man and wife
as Janitor or on. ranch, or other work: capa-
ble doing repairs on premises.. -Box 1322, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young Swiss: good
plain cook: or to assist in pastry. Address
box 1325, Call office. ' ;
RELIABLE man wants situation as porter In
store or night watchman; is a good teamster.
Box 1329, Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job as porter, choreman or
any . kind of work. Address Box 1327, Call.
STEADY barber wishes position: state wages.
Address HAROLD MARSH, Berkeley.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants situation as
ranch cook and baker. Box 1320. Call office.
GERMAN gardener, generally useful, wants a
steady' place in private family; understands
care of horses; driving: can milk; references;
wages reasonable. . Address P. M., 674 Six-
teenth St., East Oakland. . . ; .
YOUNG man wants position either as fireman,
pumpman or engineer, or as foreman of a
mine; thoroughly understands timbering and
mining; 10 years' experience. Box 1314, Call.
MAN and wife j wish position, , country; man
accustomed horses, outside work: wife assist
housework, good seamstress; 1 child, capable
boy, 13 years. Address box 1318, Call office.
MAN of busines ability wants position:
adapted to any branch of business; 20 years
experience London and New York. i BAILEY,
544 Sutter st. ■
BY a sober steady elderly man a place as
pantryman; can assist In ' waiting >on table:
light porter, janitor or care taker or any
other position of light work or trust; ref-
ences if required. Box 1313, Call Office.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations
as cooks ,In camps or situation ;on ■ ranch;
reference. Call or address D., 1037 Mission.
BOY of 17 wishes position in country store,
club or private residence, in : Marifi County.
Apply T. J. BURNS, 4 Bunny court, S. F.
COMPETENT grocery clerk wants position;
personal recommendation from, last employer.
Address Clerk, box 1310, Call office.
COOK, German, wants situation In • restau-
rant lunch or coffee house; -competent and
steady and best of references. 51 Third st.,
room 3. - .
GOOD baker wants position: work on bread
and cakes. LOUIS CLEMENT, 220 Mont-
gomery aye. : ■-, .:-
SITUATION wanted, by man and wife to take
charge of ranch on. , shares; long experience.
Address A. V., 425 Bush st. i
COMPETENT- baker foreman wants a situa-
tion as such;, references given. Address C.
F., 309 Third St., Oakland.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation in shop or wagon. Address
Butcher, 2965 Twenty-first st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants work by the
day or month. 2623 Sutter st.
GARDENER; French; experienced In landscape
and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or address 2221 Post st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $160 night; $150 to *«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bui
and baggage to and from ferry. .
FEMALE HELP WAKTED.
2 SECOND girls, city and country, $25; Ger-
man nurse, $20; laundress and chambermaid,
$25; 4 cooks, German style, $25; 8 waitresses,
hotels and restaurants, »20 and $5 week; wait-
ress to take charge, $25, and a large number
of girls for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
NEAT young woman for a store, $5 a week.
('. R. HANPEN * CO., Ms Geary st.
5 GERMAN girls, $25; housegirl, Nevada, no
washing, $25, fare paid; second Klrl, Berke-
ley. $20; nursegirl, $10; 11 housegirls, $15 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
2 WAITRESSES, $6 a week; 4 good restaurant
waitresses; waitress, $2.".; waitress, Fresno.
$20 and fare paid; waitress. Kern County, $20
and fare paid; 2 waitresses, city hotels. $20,
one $18. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
HOTEL chambermaid for a resort. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st
FanTRY girl, $25; dish girl. $20; cook, board-
ing-house, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary St.
GERMAN cook. $25 (choice place); 5 house-
girls at $20; 15 housegirls at $15, $12 and $10;
cook for private boarding-house, $25 and
found; woman to learn cooking in small res-
taurant; waitress. $6 (call early); 2 wait-
resses. $5; waitress, $20 and room, country;
waitress, $15 and room. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
SWEDISH or German girl for kitchen helper.
MRS. LAURENCE. 306 Sutter St.
AT onee — A thorough laundress; references.
MRS. LAURENCE. 306 Sutter et.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, wages $30; second
cook, $25; chambermaid. $25; same house. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
STEWARDESS; head waitress: second girl,
$20; several girls for Berkeley and Oakland;
seamstress; dressmaker; hotel pantry girl.
1023 Market St.
20 OIRLP, shop work, Los Angeles; hotel help
San Jose. 1023 Market st.
MILLINER, $15; trimmer; glove department
salesladies; cashier and bookkeeper, grocery, i
1023 Market st.
YOUNG business lady of refinement, unlncum- i
bered, for money-making business. 402H
Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress for Monday; apply at
once. 2414 Washington st., between Webster
I and Fillmore.
RESPECTABLE lady wanted; money-paying
proposition. Call Immediately at laundry of-
fice, "13 Mission st. . opposite opera-house.
YOUNG lady for light office work. Address"
stating age, wages, etc., Writer, box 1324.
Call office.
GIRL for upstairs work and take care chil-
dren; wages $12. 12 Clay st.
WANTE.D-A school girl to work for her
board, at 302 Baker st.
GIRL wanted for general housework at 117
Bartlett st. ; good home.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $S.
Store, cor. Treat aye. and Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED— GirI compositor. Apply at Wasp
office, 513 Market st.
ENERGETIC American or English lady as"ofl
fice assistant and correspondent. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— A good waitress. Call between 8
and 9 a. m.. 631 Clay st.. below Montgomery.
. WANTED-Gtrl for generaThouseworkT flat;
$ir.. °,21A Fremont st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do general hou«e-
wqrfc. 3850 Seventeenth st.
GOOD button- hole maker on custom pants. 102
Minna st.
2 GIRLS to pack pickles; will average over 11
per day. 721 Ellis st.
MEN and women learn barber trade In 8
weeks. PROF. TOM CROKER, 346 Seventh.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25cTnight~and
$1 50 week. 142 6eventh st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girt for
general housework. CHRIS JESSEN. Blairs
ranch. Piedmont, Oakland.
OPERATOR wanted on vests; good wages
paid. ao!> Kearny st., room 2.
EXPERIENCED operators ~o^ shiTS alid
. waists. NEWBAUER BROS., 18 First st.
HELP WANTED-Contlnned.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
«t. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MALE HKLP WA-.TED.
WANTED— Man about coal yard, $20; pantry-
man, $25; dishwasher, $15; waiter for coun-
try, $25; waiter, plain hotel, $30; waiter, res-
taurant, $40; young man for laundry, $20;
night cook. $6 a week, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
FOR THE GREAT RAILROADS
10 laborers. 5 teamsters; steady and good job.
Full particulars at MURRAY & READY'S.
634 and 636 Clay st.
16 FARMERS, orchard and vineyard hands
wanted, $25, $20 and $15; 4 men to Irrigate an
orchard $16- 6 pruners, $20 and found, vege-
table gardener, $25. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
FOR corporations, trusts, syndicates and
banks, 96 woodchoppers. $1 25 and $1 cord;
186 tie makers, Sc, 9c and 10c each; shingle
packer. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 836
Clay st.
MILKERS— 3 milkers; 3 butter makers; Dane
or Swede to milk 15 cows, $25 and found.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and «36 Clay st. ,
TYPEWRITER and stenographer wanted that
understands bookkeeping. $40 per month; see
boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 ("lay st.
DRY goods clerk for a country store: see boss ■.
here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
COOK, country town, $35 and found; 8 cooks, 1
$35 $40 and $45; assist baker, $30 and found; I
5 waiters $25, country hotels; ranch cook,
$18; solicitor, city dairy. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
30 TIE makers, see boss here; 20 shingle and |
box bolt makers; choppers, fellers, crosscut j
sawyers and woodchoppers for Mendocino and
Santa Cruz counties; 4 more farmers for a
large orchard. $20; 6 farmers different
ranches. $15 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary St. •
VEGETABLE cook, country hotel, $40; second
cook, country hotel, $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
2 EASTP:RX waiters for a country club, $45;
3 first-class waiters, European plan, $3o;
waiter, arm work, conntrv f">tel, $25- C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. __ I
EXPERIENCED tray checker who thoroughly
understands the restaurant department, $50 to
$60 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st. '
PORTER and runner for a country hotel, $25
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CCX. 10S_ Geary.
CHIEF clerk and correspondent for a whole-
sale house. $175; none need apply unless they
have held a similar position and furnish the
best of references. Apply in person to C. R.
HANSEN. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
WANTED— Cook, city restaurant, $60 month: j
2 boarding house cooks, small city restaurant, j
$10 week; 3 cook's helpers, $6 week; dish-
washers, $3, $4 and $6 week, one $22 50 month,
$25 month. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
WANTED— 2 waiters, $30 and room; neat young
man as head waiter. $30 and room; 3 lunch
waiters, 50c and 60c; waiter, $22 50 month; 3
waiters, $7 week: 2 dining room boys, $4 and
$5 week. MARTIN & CfO., 749 Market St.
2 STORE boys, neat and bright. $4 week each;
first-class boot polisher, $30 month; hotel
porter, $12 and found; pantryman, $22 50
month; hotel choreman. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market st. i
WANTED— SaiIor for work In city; 2 timber I
fellers for Alaska, see boss in city; 8 laborers
for millyard. $1 day and board; 15 laborers
for mill and woods, $20 and found: wood-
choppers, $1 25 cord; tie makers, Sc, 9c and
10c; farmers, $15 and $25; choreman, $20; 5
timbermen for mine, $2 50 to $3 day; coal
miners and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 restaurant waiters, $10; 3 hotel
waiters, $35; 4 waiters for Alaska; cook for
Alaska: restaurant cook, $10 week: baker for
restaurant; and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler, very easy plaoe, $30 to $35
and found; 3 more miners, $52 per month;
half fare paid; farmers, milkers, second cook,
nice coffee saloon, $7 per week; second cook
for bay steamer. $35. and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 656 Clay St.
CLERKS' Exchange, 1018 Washington St., Oak-
land, secures situations by canvassing in and
out of the city; if one place does not suit oth-
ers will be furnished; managed by Oakland
citizens.
WANTED— A first-class butler; city references.
MRS. LAURENCE, 306 Sutter St.
HOTEL cook; baker, miners' boarding-house;
3 waiters; butler, $40. 1023 Market st.
ASSIST bookkeeper; traveling publishing
house collector; hotel watchman, near Los
Angeles: man and wife, care gentleman's
place. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— A steady man for oyster stand; $60
per month; 10 hours' a day work; Sunday, 12
hours. 333 Third st.
SILVER pantryman, hotel; superintendent of
winery: club steward. 313 Bush St.
DRUG clerk: grocery clerk, 35 years of age;
notion salesman; lace and drapery salesman;
manager for house-furn'shing department,
competent as htiyer; domestic goods sales-
man. See to-day's list of places available at
313 Bush st.
WANTED — Boy who has worked in a printing
office: give wages expected and references.
Box 1326. Call office.
WANTEED — First-class dress goods salesman;
city experience and references. G. F. , box
1330, Call office.
SOLICITORS wanted for 5c milk; 50c per retail
customer: steady position. California Farm,
421 Eighth aye.. Richmond District.
ALL-AROUNjJ piano player wanted; able to
sing. 22 Turk st.
BARKER wanted for Saturday at 106 Mont-
gomery aye.
BARBER wanted. 148 Fifth St.
WANTED— First-class barbers. 207 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted (per cent) Saturday; 16c
shop. 2239 Mission st.
BARBER at 349 Fourth st.
GOOD btrber for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Taylor jst.
GOOD bkrber f6r Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth jst.
BUTLER wanted— Must be first-class; best of
wages. ; Apply 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 1504 Kentucky st.,
Potreroi, Reidy's Hotel.
YOUNG man, grocery clerk, bar; state age,
referenpes, salary expected. Box 1303, Call.
SURVEYOR wanted to do work In exchange
for villa lot across bay. Room 15, 1170 Mar-
ket st. d San Francisco.
GREEN hands, seamen and carpenters for
Alaska. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BRIGHT boy about 18 years. Address box
1304, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. M. J. KELLER
CO., Oakland.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 804 Davis st., near -ackson.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such- must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween S feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment H
BERNARD. Secy., 102 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 ihtrd st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2Bc per night; $1 to »3 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
Jln^clty. Apply at 767 Market st.
BARBER shop, country', for sale; running 3
chairs; 25c shaving. DECKELMAN BROS
106 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER~HouseT 44 Third stT near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus ajid baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; Jl to J4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Bjanch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SU. Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, 30c and 15c night: 75c and Jl
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863^ (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms 15c to 75c per
night: 50c to Jl 50 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; Jl a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
CtVIL service Government positlons-oO ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation, Washington, D. C. _
BARBERS' Ass'n Free~ErnployiWt Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 158.
PARTNERS WASTED. /O . ;•".
RT£sTONSIBL~ETartn7r~ 'W~fi™ t - cl f«| hotel
and madhouse; choice location. Box
WANTED— Lady partner, widow preferred.^ not
over 35, with $3000, to take half interest in
a circus now organizing to tour the State of.
California and Texas ; no triflers. - Address
box 1294, Call office. " '—^^^3
FUHNITUUE WATTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
-■■; sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. , . ' /
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davla 71.
•15 LARKIN-Branch office of The Call; sub-:
•■■. scriptions and want ads taken. ' _^____^-
. :.-: FLATS WANTED-
WANTED— Modern 5 or 6 room and bath
(middle) flat ; must be in perfect . condition.
Address box 1301, Call Office. .--.-■■- -
HyjOHH WANTED. ' ;^_
YOUNG lady desires- a room in a respectable
family; widow, preferred. Address box , 1333,
Call office. - ■ ■""'.'•;.'-':
, WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
LATHE in good order; 18 to 24 Inch swing;
7 feet between centers; state make and full
particulars. Address box 1302. Call office. •
WANTED— Good watchdog, cheap. Bring it
to 402% Geary st. . * ■
WM. MUND, watchmaker and jeweler; gold
and silver bought for cash. 226 Ellis st.
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. * : . "
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— Old gold, sliver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, > typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AY ? ES I business College. -723 Market St.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
Bhlp. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mln-
in f' «£ eh- survey ' a "say. archit. ; day A eve.:
eat. 1884. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; »
course In Tan's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 855 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatis
FISK Agency, 825 Market st.— Teachers fur-
nished ; public; private ; governesses ; tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devlsa-
dero; adults. Fri., 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. 3:80.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 in '97.
INSTRUCTION in . tapestry painting, etc.: les^
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st., room 12.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate; French.'
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
LODGING HOU.iCS FOR SALE).
50 ROOMS: new furniture; easy payments..
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2800
10 rooms, on McAllister 400
32 rooms, on Geary (new) 2500
. 24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient) 1300
30 rooms; clears $230; new furniture .. 2500
Boarding house, corner; 6') rooms.. 2500
17 rooms; sunny side: clears $100; only. 1100
30 rooms; central: 2 fronts; worth $1200.. 550
Hotel in mining town; good bar.'. ....... 1000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
$750— Don't miss this; easily worth $1300; 21
1 rooms; clears $85 a month. KREDO & CO.
A — 14 rooms; near City Hall; easily worth
$800: a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
$800—20 rooms; well worth $1600; clears $S5; $400
cash; don't miss it. KREDO & CO.
A. KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers,. 22%
Geary st. . .' •■
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent $ 230
9 rooms, best for the money....; $250
14 rooms, all rented clears $40...... $ 500
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 $ 375
17 rooms, partly offices, clears $70 ..$650
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced ■
prices. Money to loan.
LODGING-HOUSE. IS rooms; all rented;. well
furnished; bargain. Cairar94ff'Mlsstcn st. 1
$175 Fin- 7-room house, clearing $15 over ex-
penses monthly year round. Apply 4O2>^ Geary.
A 14-ROOM house for sale cheap; near ferry,
rent lowered. Call 12U Sacramento st.
BAY-WINDOW house on Sixth St.: 18 rooms;
all rented; extra-good reason for selling; $330.
Apply Call office. .. -■ , ;
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nicely . furnished
rooms for sale cheap. 340 Third st. ..
1 FOR SALE— A newly furnished flat: centrally
located. Apply box 1237, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, neatly fur-
nished. 432 Ellis St. •
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 3d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
AUCTION sale of assignee this day at 12:30
o'clock of fixtures and safe of the JOHN F.
MYERS CO. In store, 947 Market st. |
J. R. POOL, house-mover, -dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel., So. 787.
GOLD quartz chain, cost $60, price $30 at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
FULL-BLOODED Great Dane dog for sal a.
Apply at Call office. •
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky. 100 proof. 5 years old, . $22;
A 1 Jamaica rum, $16 f 5; extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 3 '
years old, $6 60; 4 year, $7 50; real 6 year, :
$8 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year,
$22; 5 year, $?♦ 50: Zlnfandel claret, $4 35;
Burgundy claret, $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases; coun-
ters, linoleum, office ■ furniture, store and
office, furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ■ r
i 1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 518 Mission st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONEf?, $10; Records. $5 per doz.:"
t. ; Projectoscope, $100. ■ Baclgalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
I COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck;' letter-press,
d«sk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. '
! BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
:, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sale . — Second-hand fireproof ' safe.
at 42 Main st. --: > ' ; . :
SEWING MACHINES. <
j ALL kinds bought, : sold, exchanged, rented:
- repairing; . lowest rates. - 205 Fourth st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam " Carpet-cleaning ■: Works; • cleans.
V moves, , lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,' r.Ur..
r'.: 38 and 40 ; Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAT'LDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel/ So. 40.
ADVANCE , Carpet - Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter:
• tel. Main 394. GEO. , WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: reJaid 'at ' So.
. STRATTON, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating.
alteration works. 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
; GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; Ul. Jessie 201. -
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co 240^14111
St.; ; cleaning. 3c , a yard ; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Goldea
. Gate aye. ; telephone East 126- -. -
v.v:- . : y. ■ 2-i ."" LOST. ' ■*■''■'■ ■"':" :. : - ■
LOST— Black and brown setter dog; liberal re-
ward. r 2314 Bryant st. -': -.. -,:■>■■..-■
LOST— February . 22, screw . diamond ■ stud, - be-
tween Bush st. and entrance to Chutes. ;; .Lib-"
i ' eral reward by ■ returning to 2420 A Bush at: ; .
I FOX ' terrier bitch: red ' ribbon and I collar; '.pet
| -: of little girl: reward. " 2213^4 Mason St. -- -■.--;
FURNITURE , FOB' SALE.
MINNA. ' 713Vi— Furniture ; of " 4-room • flat com-
- plete for housekeeping <in : every particular; 8
beds. 1 parlor ; folding;, bargain, for cash. Call
from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m. , : :,-: :'-..•..,•.: '-..•..,•. :
FURNITURE and carpets of 8-room ; house,'' as -
-a whole or in parts. t; 534- Sutter St., bet. i
\ Powell and Mason. ;■, Open ,10 a.m. to 4 p. m. *
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until a:3O
* o'clock: branch office of The Call.. Subacrlp- -
■:_•:. tlons • and '■ want i ads ■■. taken. U : ; , ■>« ".:.,„ = .. .- .
HOTEL 'to < lease, :30 i rooms '- 25 minutes ■ from
,: city; fine - bar. Apply " JOHN SCHOUFE. 210
Market st. . ■-, : . -- ; .• . niTSI.MSSS CHANCES.
r^O— BAKERY, principal street; baking 2 bar-
re\< >luilv; mostly store trade; horse and
■ wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
LTIi^S. '•>•> Market st. • ■ .-. 1 .: . ».
Ais3ooo AMUSEMENT business in an excel-
Cjent locality! largest and best equipped of its
Kind in this State; ha:j a complete monopoly;
- positively clearing from $300 up per month
over -and above all expenses: full, value in
-lent: thorough investigation allowed. M
LfeS. "0 5 Market st.
$17j£-BRAN"CH bakery and delicacy store In an
. exceedingly busy locality; • old-established
' "b-Kirn^s, large stock; 4 nice living rooms and
tvith; r-'tit only $16: has fine trade. M. LESS
\'jSb Market st. -, |
jawji-RESTAURANT. on the best street in the I
•jt>*tcin Addition; cheap rent; well fitted up- i
lias ?•■» ■' custom. M. LESS. - 765 Market st. !
,• ..XKR wanted In well-paying restau-
. rar.t: i rlnclpal streets; central; owner tired
, • unr ■■■liable help; sober ' man; no ■ other I
'•"LESS. :•■:■ Market et.
STRAND v CO.. 23 Kearny St., buy. sell or
. >»xoh.i;-*'' business quickly; partners procured.
itTsiSALOON and road house; 3 rooms; rent
%P- ': ;ys We "' STRAXD & CO., 23 Kearny.
rS~-cr;\R. notion and variety store: 3 rooms
> nr ,e i.v-at'.on: a snap. STRAND. 23 Kearny.
_ivvr.cC>RNER grocery and bar: best in city
; 2 ryms: rent -•_■ STRAND. 23 Kearny st!
-.4150-AFIRST-CL'ASS saloon and lunch place'
$250 month. STRAND. 23 Kearny st. '
7,'Z .. RESTAURANT and chop house; best lo-
> Nation; opposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
•■^tr business; meals 20c and above; low rent;
c , rare chance and great sacrifice; owner has
t% 'to leave for Europe at once. WILKE. 753
Market I. ■
~>T\~, 90 ■'■ i-establlshed drugstore, with doctor's
officei large store and prescription trade;
ir.a-v;:-:>.~t-- rer of 9 specialties for general
' "drug trade; no better chance to step into a
v Itrst-r'.ass paying business. Particulars,
■* \VU.;<K. 753 Market st.
I2OQO^CORNBR grocery and bar: established
jnany years and doing first-class store and
tar business; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on; low r»r.t: full value in sight; sickness
cau^e: a sacrifice. WILKE, 781 Market st.
I - U'UANT: bargain on account of
•an'.ediat* departure of owner; .trial .given.
McLAT'^HLIX & CO., 30 Kearny st.
>-" iTLO^N at a sacrifice, with side entrance
and rooms. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 30
■
p\RTNEK In general merchandise store.. $350
Bakery: large oven; store trade $40 1400
Restaurant; fine corner 900
Candy ."tore; worth $500; price 225
| Delicacy store; large trade 1100
f Saloon; line corner; down town 2000
Apply :-■ H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$:o<T_3RAXCH*ljakery and coffee parlor; cen-
tral; living rooms: furniture Included worth
tJOO; mus-t be sacrificed on account of sick-
' ness. WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
• $3000 ILL buy half interest in a winery and
larjre b-ittllng works; mineral waters, beer.
etc; i-ays $300 clear profit per month. Apply
t; 0. J. BECHT & CO., 308 Stockton st. "
$IaftfPARTNER wanted in established cash
business; will clear $75 per month to each.
which will be proven by trial before you
buy. Pacific Exchange, 995 Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business
suited to plain steady man; $15 to $20 a week;
a no experience required; trial given. 9 Geary
st. room -
FIXE corner grocery, with living rooms; sell-
ing out on account of death. Inquire at
northeast corner Filbert and Flllmore sts. <
VaXTED— Man with $250 to manage a busi-
ness; $>w per month for a few months; a good
n-.an wanted. 533 Third st.
WELL-PAYING laundry for sale; good loca-
tion; small rent: sickness. 5103 Sixteenth at.
WANTED— To lease, smokehouse. Address
stall 57, Union-square Market. .
CIGAR store; best street south of Market;
cheap r-nt. Inquire 2- rd st.
FOR sale— Your own price; old-established
corner saloon. Box 1331. Call office.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE..! . —
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. -Third and Fourth, San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
1597 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for tale
on accoount of falling health and old age.
Address as above or inquire .on premises.
SALOON for Sale— Bids will be received at the
office of Public Administrator A. . C. Freese,
Chronicle building, for saloon, stock and fix-
ture?. 211 Grant aye..' known as "Bob's
Place." Bids will be opened Monday, the
2Mh lnst.
FOR SALE— Hotel close to railroad pas.«en-
ecr depot in lively country town; every-
- thing newly furnished and in good run-
nine order. For particulars apply to Mc-
LEOD .<■ JTAT.TE. r 518 Market st." " '
SPECULATORS— I have •positive inside infor-
mation on a stock which will make $500 on
every V- "0 invested within 30 days; if you
want to make money write immediately. S.
SCOTT. 6 Wall st., New York.
BARGAIN In bar and grocery at half price;
i death In family cause for selling; no agents.
p. Call on owner. 730 Minna St.
MEAT market for sale; a bargain; no opposi-
tion; north of Market st. 1108 Hyde terrace,
flat 4. near California st.
PARTY leaving city will sell good paying cur-
tain laundry business, with furniture; very
cheap. 33S Fell St.. near Gough.
HOME bakery and coffee parlors; must be sold
at once; price $130. Address box 1311, Call.
OLD established saloon and lunch place; rea-
sonable. 49 Stevenson Bt., near Second.
RESTAURANT for sale; trial given; no
. agents. Inquire 651 Sacramento st.
CORNER saloon; good business; well
fitted out. Apply 417 Hayes st.
$550— Saloon, club rooms and cigars; fine fix-
tures; a gold mine. KREDO & CO.. 22V4
Geary st.
— Corner grocery and bar; value in stock;
dally receipts $25. KREDQ & CO . 22V4 Geary.
$600 — Fine saloon; 40 minutes from city; good
town; bonanza. KREDO & CO., '224 Geary.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 300
A very nice clear store; good location 300
Three good saloons and 3 restaurants for
rale at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market. St.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, confectionery and
stationery, corner store, with living rooms.
in Western Addition; kept by present owner
10 years. .AddreEs this of flee.
STEAM merry-go-round for sale; guaranteed
first-class order; $1000; party leaving State.
Address D. P. RAIRDON, 1147 Harrison at.
GOOD delicacy store and coffee parlor: , good
location; owner going to Klondike. 123 Tay-
lor st.
RESTAURANT established 3 years for sale;
no reasonable "price refused; business good.
Call at 513Vj Jones st., near Geary. ■
CIGAR store for sale cheap; good business lo-
cality. 518 Hayes st.
BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap. 249 Fourth.
FOR SALE— A complete planing mill plant.
Including a 50-horse power boiler and engine,
at very low price. Address A. F. GILBERT,
Oakdale Lumber Yard, Oakdale, Stanislaus
County, Cal.
ONE of the best-paying restaurants In the city;
located on principal street. For particulars
address WM. HERRMAN. 620 Washington st.
BARGAIN, on account, of departure: paying
coal and wood business in running order;
good location. Box 1257, Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
ptace for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
A CHANCE for a bright gent or lady to buy
interest in the "Wedding Bell" publication;
$600 and references required. Inquire person-
ally of R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st., city.
$100— Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
have run It five years; rent $10. Cor. Castro
and Henry sts.
NEWSPAPER routes and general news
agency; price J3SOO ash: principals only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 1249, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta-
tionery, Hbran- • cigars; cheap for cash. Ad-
; dress .box 1224. Call.
FOR sale— Good store for man and wife: home
bakery: all- store trade. Apply Call office;
no agents. ' ■'-:,.''•-'
SHOP for Bale; well established; cheap
rent. 2009. Hyde St., near Union.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
from $15 to $46 per day: nearly all day work;
too much other business; will sell for less
an half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth
*r.d Howard Btß.
PATENTS— SMITH &' OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
AKPnts; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
MO.VET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
lew interest.. UKCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
HLA.Y 'he rar*>« on our: nnv system; $60 a
■•vek on $1"" capital guaranteed or no charge
for service*. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms r. anil 6, CO Market St.. San Francisco.
ELACKSMITIi >hop for sale or rent: estab-
lished „ ears. Address H. MATTIIIESEN.
_Liv*rmore\ Cal. '• ' '■ * ' •■' '-■■■■-'■-■
PORTLAND acency this' paper. Inquire this
efflce r,r at 133 Third Ft.. Portland. Oregon. .
COFFER and tea routes mninlled ' from GEO.
W. i ABWELL & C 0.'8.. 415 Sacramento st
til Mo'ntoomery ■ nt..' branch office of the
Call; want ad« and subscriptions taken. -■
. TYI'KU 'RITEKaI
C*"^"-* ~--v~_^^.~^ -^j~**~*~*^~, -^
t^J' Soo'l order, $25; 6<»nd for sample work.
■ OTT _ UAN.VA.'C, 333 Montgomery st. I
. _* PERSONALS.
X— Fear not; have* n^Tforgot you. ,■_.
MATRIMONIAL. ..■
A Febru C ary n "w mm H 00 J trlaB&t rla8 & ,F. all ° r sen <» Mo for
:^r BUSINESS PERSONALS
I Q be 1 nn N eflc N iif ' .*
beneficial, p. LEDERER.'IU Stockton st.
N he7te<i m e thOd ,L m ?a F c ' treatment;
.heated, room. MRS. JOHNSTON. 514 ft Geary!
T c i a ?er l?rl ?ri aU H ty 2 hair can only be retained by
heavy iAn $ : « est^ finest quality. $3 50; extra
QLPnp?™*' t,? c en Sun days from 9to 12.-
I*. -h.DERER. 11l Stockton st.
M nfo^e'n X ' >ER fOp~bath7rn7aßsa»;e: Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights In cry room; Winchester
££ fe-^f e -^ Third 8t ~ nr. Market; 200 rooms.
Zsc to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
ire* bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
l* n Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. ESS Clay at.. K. F.
! CAL Institute. 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
! diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
SUIT to order on. easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
■ $14— Suit to order: samples; try on«, NXtT-
| HAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and" tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 10 Sannome st.
ELEVENTH. 10^-Braneh •-nice of The Call
Subscriptions -nnd want ads taken;
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance I
clatrvoyanFand medium; while entranced she .
will reveal ereiy hidden mystery in life; sh? !
will show you how to overcome your enemies, j
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- !
tlons; unites the separated, recovers lost, j
stolen or buried property: locates treasures, !
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present S
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. S°nd stnmp for circular with j
special tirrnp. MRS. PR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12>i6 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
M:\iß PORTER, wowletful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladies 50c,
, gentssl; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MMX. IDA SCHMIDT, magnetic, card reader
and fortune teller: German. Spanish and
French spoken. 234 O'Farrell. rooms 4 and K.
MI?S MELVILLE, gr^at clairvoyant nnd
watfr reader 921^ Mission; German spoken.
MME. HAN9EN, palmist, card-writer: past,
present nnd future; 25c; 148 Sixth, room 5.
MRS. MANPENA. medium and palmist; read-
ings 25 nnd 50c this week. 2S Sixth st.
MI.-'S !',Kf/T. GRANT, card readlner and mag-
netic healing. 122 Fost St., room 10.
RAY FAIR, <^ard reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MME MARIE VINCENT, clairvoyant and
I card r^n<W 2S Fill* St., room 4: hours 11 to S.
MRS J< iHNBON, card reader and magnetic
healer. ll* 1 ? Ellis St., room 51.
MRS FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant : circle Tues.
j Frt. eves., Me: readings dally. 25c, 800. 10S 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, tea and card readings, 50c
and ST. SI2A Lasuna st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120'j Geary st.
MISS CLARK, card reader and palmist. 120 A
Eddy St.. room 3.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader, l^ln Market, rm. 17. 2d floor.
MMX. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 2."c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MMX. ARCHER, clairvoyant and mind-reader.
101H Grant aye., room 15.
MISS L. PEAN. magnetic hpaline, card
reader. MM Market st.. room 41. top floor.
MMX. LE XORMANPE. clairvoyant, card-
i reader, magnetic treatment 4"1 Leavenworth.
| IDA INGLEWOOD. card-reader, magnetic
healer. 12f: Fourth St.. room 23.
MMX R.fVKN'A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i mTss KDNA V. GRANT, I*l Taylor St.. room
I t: mind reader and palmist.
j MRS SHAFFER. t»st and business medium;
[ sittings dally. 123H Sixth St., room 14.
MRsTdR. tnlTeTpro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
SPIR.'TUALISM.
MRS. FULTON TULEY, materializing seance
to-nisrht and Tuesday evening; s"c; Bitting.
1513 Geary ■_, •
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie seance to-mor-
row, 12 o'clock. 503 Popt St.. 503.
MRS. ALKE FAY, medium and magnetic
healer, 32 Lewis st., off Jones, near Post.
MISS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, tor
messages and advice. 518 Stockton st.
615 LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ade taken.
HYPNOTISM.
CAL. Institute, 4f>2>4 Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE
Wanted— ls more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
Ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
2 AUSTRALIAN miners from Coolgardie, 25
years' experience, wish to get staked for
Alaska; easy to arrange; references. M.
NOLAN. 67." Mission St.
PARTY forming for gold fields; start March L
1236 Market St., room 126.
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye.
FOR sale— Three (3) Scotch collie dogs, suita-
ble for Klondike work. Apply C. KRAMER.
MO Pacific st.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., Ut First st.
WANTED— r.OO men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both ways like a crosßcut. 17-19
Fremont et.
KLONDIKERS— SpeciaI rates for a limited
number going by Victoria. Call or write
m\ Third st.
FOR SALE— 4 big Et. Bernard dogs: trained
for Klondike. Box 1259. Call office.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale, and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tho Weekly
Tall. In wrapper, for rrnlllng.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5: painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings, 50c; crowns,
$3 50; all work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full s»t of teeth. $5 up; sliver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns. $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate; open evenings.
W! Market St.. cor. Sixth; 'FTione. Jessie 1695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $6: gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
jilates mended, $1 up; special Inducements
to Klondlkers: open evenings and Sundays.
i 6?» Mission st.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLTJII HILL, 1448 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
por t-et; extruding 50c; gas given.
DH (;r;<>T:on W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth i
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. j
t, A TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE. !
removed to Call M-g- Oth floor, mis. 603-607.
ALL wi-rk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SETT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscri-tlons and want *Aa taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
GLEN . FARKT^^^^T^cTah^r^^oms?
bath, laundry. 2 yards; $23. DEMPSTER. V
ALL OVER TOWN — — V ' ' —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 .Montgomery.' . '-":.. '
HOUSE of 7 rooms, bath, $17; cottage of 5
rooms, bath. $14; also corner flat of 5 rooms, •
bath. $15. 1152 East Fifteenth st., cQr. 23d aye.
HOUSE 7 rooms, bath and laundry; garden
front and rear. . 732 Shotwell st. • ,
HOUSE of 6 rooms; large grounds. •'• Apply ' 401 ■
Third st. ... ..
$S— HOUSE, 5 rooms, in fine or-Jer. like new. 1
1567 Kearny st., near Greenwich.
MODERN sunny house of 9 rooms; every im-
provement. 511 Devisadero st. •':.
_^^^ FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc.. of a 5-room house; privi-
lege of renting premises. 218 Elm aye.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
TO RENT— Furnished residence of 11 rooms
: with attic and basement. Apply 1255 Octa-
| via street, between Ellis and O'Farrell; $80.
COTTAGES TO' LET.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and ' large basement;
rent $15. 386 Fell St.
vFURNISHED bedroom and kitchen; also cot-
tage -of three rooms and barn in Alameda.
Call at IOVs Eighth st.. San Francisco.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard: cheap. 1576 loth St., nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS. -/-."
NICELY furnished' sunny 6- room flat near
park. Apply 577 Ellis St.
FLATS 1 0 LET.
4 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view: on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye.; $12. $13. $14. $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
ALL OVER town -
You Bee flats to rent by BALDWIN i _
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery st.
, BAKER. SOS, opposite Park Panhandle — 8 rooms
! and bath: modern ; rent . $25. . ;
CLAY, 1815, near Polk— New modern middle
flat, 6 rooms; large yard.
i EDDY, 1541— Healthful sunny corner flat; 6
rooms, bath; modern Improvements; rent
reasonable.
i FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. ' •-v ■ : - v •~K
| FLAT to let. Apply at 333 Golden Gate aye.
j $10— FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
j Ing and private house. 951 Folsom. near Sixth.
FURNISHED floor for housekeeping; central;
private; references. Box 1317. Call office.
GEARY. 1513— Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
adults; $17. Apply on premises.
GUERRERO. 1411, near Twenty-sixth— s rooms
and bath; $15.
HOWARD, ::>'-.: A flat of 5 rooms In good
order. Key at 728, upstairs.
IVY. 129. near Van Ness aye. — sunny rooms,
$12: lower. $10. ' - ■■ ■
$9— LOWER flat, 4 rooms; yard. 109 Germania
st., near Fillmore and Waller.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NICE sunny flat 5 rooms; bath, gas and
i yard: 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
— NICE sunny flat 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 25 Ford St., between Sanchez and Noe.
RENTS reduced to $1S and $20; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; Capp St., between Twenty-second j
and Twenty-third. Apply MADISON & ;
i BURKE.
SUNNY side flat 8 rooms; rent reasonable;
furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California st.
I $20 — Sunny bay-window flat: 6 rooms and bath-
! room. 1710 Washington at., near Polk.
$22 — Sunny bay-window fiat; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay st., cor. Polk. . .
TAYLOR. 131— Flat of 4 unfurnished rooms and
bath. Inquire on premises. ■ ■
WALLER. 312V4— Upper flat of 4 rooms; bath
and cellar. . - '
; $13 — WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern: large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty- third.
St., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
»-■-— —»————-_ r— *?^^^r^n^^ES
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. , .
C^N^rAT^s2^TO^^^ic7ly^fuTrnsh^d^?njnt j
rooms for light housekeeping; $2 a week up.
CLAY, 1423 — Two pleasant sunny ■ unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping. . -- - ■ ■ -
i EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
! keeping rooms; gas range; private family. •
ELEVENTH, 120—2 front rooms neatly fur-
I nlshed for housekeeping;' bay-window; $12. .
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Front bay-window;
alcove; mantel; 2 or 3 gents preferred. -.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean- furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
FOLSOM. 1120— Two sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping. . *. '
; GEARY, Light housekeeping and , other
• sunny single and double rooms; no children, i
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny furnished - rooms.
$S up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
GEARY, 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
all necessaries.
j GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
' nished rooms for housekeeping, or single:
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness — Sunny un- j
furnished 3-room apartments, with gas stove.
I GUERRERO. 215 — 4 lovely, furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; , double
parlors, dining room, kitchen, bath, laun-
dry, etc. ' .
HARRISON. 940, near Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: also single rooms.
HOWARD, 604— Sunny suite of housekeeping
rooms; bath; gas; first floor; $12 a month.
HOWARD, 1203— Nice sunny housekeeping j
rooms; private family; cheap. "
HYDE. 230 — Two gunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: rent $15 per month.
i HYDE, 419— Sunny suite of parlors for light '
housekeeping; other sunny rooms; $5 50 up.
i JESSIE. 433 — 2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $3 30. ' ■
i LARKIN, 625*4, third bell— Two or three sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; running
water, bath; rent reasonable. -.-; - ■
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, with small
I room, furnished for housekeeping, $10; double
room, $6. ■
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry; !
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay. ;
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Complete furnished ]
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for housekeeping;
stove and water; others; $1 50 a week up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— connect-
ing parlors; sun all day; gas stove.
POLK, Large sunny bay-window room,
with kitchen: $13 month; water, gas.
POLK, 2702—5 sunny rooms, partly furnished;
rent $6.
j .SIXTH. 136—2 nice sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; others, $5 month up. -..
SIXTEENTH, 2926— Large double parlors with !
regular kitchen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furnished, $11. , •
STANLEY Place, 19— 6 nice sunny room*,
including bath. .
SUTTER, 913— Large unfurnished front room
with alcove; modern conveniences; private
family. • ..'■■_
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front, first floor; bath, gas.'. . ,
TURK — 3 or 4 newly furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping. '.-, . .
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 or ■
more rooms; gas range; piano. j
ROOMS TO LET.
i ARLINGTON • House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant !
tunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant apartments , at
I ' reasonable rates; elevator; tourists; transient.
BRYANT, 458— Furnished or unfurnished rooms,
with bath; cheap. -
BUSH. -708— Elegantly furnished sunny front
"parlor, $10; private family. -. ' '
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single !
: and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY.2I2 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night, I
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families. : [
ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished sunny front suite
for two. . : - ■■.''.."•:-•■;'.■; ' '."■■■■...■.■■.. ■
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FLORENCE Hotel. 102 Ellis, cor. : Powell—
, gant v sunny rooms, . en suite or single;" quiet
.. home: for families and those who appreciats j :
. comfort : '- elevator ;■ baths ;• moderate charges. -■-
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms tor gents; '.
y %6 and $7. -' „,■..,■ ' '\ ;:.;.-■■; -V-'.' ';' ' ;v>\:-;s,' ■ ■£■■■.-;■ 
GOLDEN GATE. 219— Sunny front room, also
■ inside : room. $4 ; month up. . . - • - • ". •; . ?• . •■ ' .
GRAND SOUTHERN. V SB. - cor.: Seventh and . '.
> ■ Mission— Pleasant funny rooms, suite and $
single; elevator; moderate rates; families, j ;
' , -. .-.•--■■» --.- r '.-_.■-,.-,;,..,-. ■...■:,-„■ .■..-. ,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 >cr week. .
HARRISON, 8»t— Large sunny well-furnished
front room, $7 a monthj^sultable for two.
HAVES, 431— Two furnished rooms.
H( .WARD~ nST~STT. DAVID' S-200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room ; 25c up.
HOWARD 989— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms. $5 per mo. up.
HOW \RD ' 524— Lartre sunny well furnished
rooms, $2 'week up: single rooms^up.
HOWARD, 11-' Furnished front rooms from
$4 month up.
KE\lrn : ? 229 (Charleston)— Cleanest, nicest
furnished suite and single rooms in city; rea-
sonable.
MASON, 1929— Sunny furnished rooms; rent
cheap. 1
MCALLISTER! 14, A. K. building— Large sunny
rooms, studios, offices, class rooms, $7 50
month up.
MCALLISTER, 511-Xlcely furnished sunny
back parlor, $8 a month '^jlght housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 815 -Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month: hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER IDtO— Furnished front room; sun |
all day: running water, gus; }G month.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds Jewelry;
low interest. PNCLS HARRIB, 15 Grant *.V.
NEW FRANKLIN. :i -' 1 •'aclllc-Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
POLK, > 919— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
housekeeping if desired.
PINE, 6Sl— Nice furnished rooms.
POST 1033— Nicely furnished front room; gas
and bath.
POWELL 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single/ rooms:- 1 -isonable; transient.
j> r~ HOUSE "33 Commercial, near Mont-
gnay— Beds. 10c. 15c. etc; coffee and rolls free.
SEVENTH. H°— Furnished suites and single
rooms at iqwest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN "Apartment House. 88 Eighth St..
near Market: tarnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON 17 European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
STOCKTON 611. near Fine—Splendid suite of
3 large furnished rooms; garden, bath.
SUTTEIt SO4 Nice sunny furnished rooms;
central;' reasonable; .ingle or en suite.
SUTTER 809 Changed hands; new furniture;
suites or single: transient; terms reasonable.
SUTTER 715-717-719. » nfl 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unf'urn.: chol'-e nnd sunny; reasonable.
BUTTER. 717 -Handsomely furnished front
suit.-;' also two other rooms; private family:,
references.
TAYLOR 804— Sunny front parlors, single or en
suite. $5 month up: bath, gas, grate: private.
TKNTH HI— Large sunny front rooms; house-
keeping if desired.
TWENTY "FOURTH. 3345— Large unfurnished
front room: also furnished.
4 UARKET PT Bi >;i r h office of The Call.
Want a'ls and subscriptions taken.
BOARUIM' AND ROOMS
EDDY 220-Sunny front single and double
room's: flrst-clns^ b ard.
FELL. 28— Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two, with board, I
FOLSOM 6H— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 1105— Front sunny room; gas, bath,
running water: lirfikfast: ftf month.
THE MONTROSE PE. corner Van Ness aye.
and Geary Bt . will reopen March IE; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished. For
terms apply at 80S Van Wess aye.
\yVLi,f,r, i2?«'i ("on.fortably furnished sunny
room; bath and piano; good board; home
comforts; references .'xchangpd.
WANTED— In a quiet I'rotestant family where
there are no otht^r boarders two gentlemen,
either frle.n.ls or brothers, who would be will-
Ing to occupy one sunny room with separate
beds: bath included; terms very reasonable;
references exchanged; quiet neighborhood;
cars pass the door Address A. P.. 2554 Fol-
som st.
VAN NESS. S • Beautiful sunny parlors;
modern: flrst-i-l.iss table.
CHILDKKN BOARDED.
LADY would like 1 or 2 ■■hildren to board: any
age; can take churpe of Infant from birth;
large yard; cow's milk. Address R. X., box
5. Call office, Oakland.
HFIALTHy location n ar school; large y_rd;
b«st of care for 1 or 2 children. 2824 Mission.
LOVING care, sunny home, enough to eat, for
little ones; reasonable. 1530 F.*ldy st.
STORES TO LKT.
STORE. 3 rooms, cellar and jard; rent $14.
326 Ninth st.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
TWKNTY-SECOND. 3328-Ptore. three rooms
and hall; large yard; rent $la.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S; THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
: A piano made In 1898. with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern In every
! respect, with all the late attachments, or the
1 same old piano made from 154:' scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back 1 It with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store.' and as the manufacturers also
back this "Instrument' with $2,000,000, this; I
I think, a good guarantee.
. The piano Is the Klngsbury. ■ '
The price Is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT. ■ - ; ; -
ON account of extensive alterations In our
wnrerooms we offer the following bargains:
I One' Newhall 'piano jrg
One- Raven & Bacon piano ; ....- 70
One New York piano joo
! One Gilbert piano ; 125
One Mathushek piano __ #i 140
One Weber piano' • ■.., 165
One . Gabler r piano ; ' 195
1 One Jewett , piano ■...:. _._ ' 21.*
One Stelnway piano '.....'....' \ 280
One Steck piano 345
One Chickling piano '.'. 355
All guaranteed; easy ' payments. BENJ
CURTAZ '&., SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell at.
ANY person having use for a Dlano 'need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash* prices' upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $.", $6, $7, $S, $!>,
$10;- handsome scarf and wood seat ■stool' In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY ,v CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and gutter sts. ' • , ■
ABSOLUTELY- the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chicago "Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other -musical instruments •of all
grades ■ and prices. Terms easy ; prices low-
est. Everything ■ possible done to please -and
satisfy the customer.
EASTERN factory prices: special bargains 7n
used pianos this week: agency Hardman
Chase Bros.. Dewing Bros., etc; Stelnway
$l-,0.. THE J. DEWING CO.. -second floor'
1 Flood Building. Fourth and. Market sts.".;,*:
A- FINK line of second-hand pianos offered
this week •at ■ very low prices, ■ Including
Stelnways, - Chlckering. Hnllett & Davis
Emerson nnd others. •- THE F. W SPENCER
CO.. 93-1 Market, st. - ' '™'~ c "*
FINE tone, large size upright." $.*•>: ■ great bar-
gain: new .'Decker & Son and Gibson pianos
at low prices. MAUVAtS. 7CT Market Bt/-
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair*
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st. '
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy; Newby. Evans
Brings and other pianos: see our. rent plan :
: .no Interest first year. SOS. 310, 312 Post St. '
ADMINISTRATOR' sale— Must sell pianos iat
- Immense ■ reduction ' for • cash • or ion install-
_ ments.- EATON ESTATE; 735 Market st.
PIANO, lovely Instrument, equal to new sao-
,. rlflce for $45. 1131^ Mission st. ■ ■■ : ~ iT^.
$90— DURABLE upright piano. action perfect
for 1 sale on Installments. 221 Leavenworth st!
BARGAIN— Good Steinway piano ■In : first-class
: condition,: only $100. 208- Post st. " - i .
$125— ; upright : great bargain. '18 McAllis-
; ter St..) next .Hlbernla : Bank. SCHMITZ. -- 1
•AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; ■ second-hand
- pianos. $75 ' up. -W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post.
KNAPK pianos: : new, ; scale: new > styles
KOHT.F.R & ; CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ';
SUPERIOR ' violin**,' zithers. ' old and r new. H
'MULLER., maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. ; Heine, 138 Ellis.
839 HAVES ; Branch , office .of The s Call. ;
-■- Subscriptions and nda taken. ■■" - - ; - ; -  -;
' . '''■'-■■'■, STORAGES. ■:).■!■■'''-', ':''-.:''■■ .,.
AT low " rates— Furniture, carpets, ,' pianos,
- household goods; clean, light ; compartments;
advances -made; >J. NOONAN, ; 1017 <to 1023
. Mission St., above Sixth open evenings. \ ■:;:.
AT lowest j — Household ' goods, pianos; ; ad-
vances made; • " fireproof -5 building. **"F. •■* W
'• ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. " Tel. Mint • 1821. '
~~^~l CITY -IEAL ESTATE.
PART cash;. $30 monthly; elegantly de-
signed- and constructed , home, 7 rooms and
bath; highly decorated and .up" to date in
every particular; select neighborhood; lot 25x
105; 1015 Cnstro St.. 1 block from 2-lth-st. cars.
S. A. CORN," owner and builder. ■-. /:
$850— HOUSE, 4 rooms, in Berkeley; ; soxl3s; $50
down.' $10 -monthly.-' . - .- y
■ $150— Lot 25x130; 18 down, $3 monthly. i 'V
__ CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
FOR . SALE— corner of 6 new modern
• flats; best location; rents $150 per : month.
Address box 1323. Call of flee. . < >
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000;- renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofiico box 2495.'
$1400— NEW cottage. ,4 rooms and bath: lot 23
by 125; 429 Douglas st. Call at SPECK'S,
602 Market St., or 865 Mission st. -. -
NEW house,, 7 rs., bath: easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.'
COUNTHY itEAL ESTATE. "^
BOOK and list of cheap . land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. i Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAU^FIFUL HOMES TnTXrK^PUr!
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
PROPERTY TO EXCIIANGi:.
FOR exchange for a , good-paying lodging-
house, 2 houses and lots in picturesque city
of Sausallto; both houses rented. -MRS
SPRAGUE. 858 West i St.. Oakland. , -
„ MONEY TO LOAN!
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate-
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life Insurance,'
goods' in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. .
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or. .Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: 'no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ; .
ADVANCE* quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse In storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, .furniture' or. Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; ■ $25 up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
■ rates. BECKER & CO., 328 Montgomery st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869. .
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. s^B California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden,-.413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture; .no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry. . . .
815 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. . Sub-
scriptions and want ails taken. . :
_ _ ""financial!
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.;. lowest.
rates. McAFEE BROS.; 10S Monti?om«"~ st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall : delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ;- travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 i
McAllister St.; pills, $2. • • :• .
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills -and capsules, $1.
, MRS DR. WYETH. 918 Post st., nr. Larkln.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all . female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home, and con-
venience of a hospital:. those sick, or discour-
aged call on' the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own , physi-
• clan for all female troubles, no matter from
: what cause; restore in 1 day; never fails;
consultation free; can be sent and used at
. home. DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny; orders by
telephone. • .
A TREATMENT that restores instantly 'all
. cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-,
ever cause); no instruments used: cure 'at of-
fice $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. HIS Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick- cur? guaranteed: any ailment;
j maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure. »5. 401 Van Ness.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro ; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. .406 Clay st. ;. send
Ie stamp for particulars, to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento,. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills', a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BAD legs made good; all • swollen or ulcer-
ated limbs quickly cured. DR. ' MYERS,
Stockton. Cal.; treatment by mall.
CAPSULETAS— sure: • harmless;
guaranteed or. money refunded. ( MME. ■ MAS-
SON, 1223 Geary St.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. : ,
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254.4 Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
DRS. K. &'■ K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private dls .ses. - 8 Mason St.. S. F.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■ - -'
HORSES.
YOUNG buggy mare for sale cheap. 34 Syca- !
mote aye., off Mission St., near Seventeenth.
$20 YOUNG business mare: sound;', stands
without hitching. SUTTON. 22 Post st. v ..
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sU.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts ; bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horsss; must
Bell. ,T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission,' cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, ; buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade ■: Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday.. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. •Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
• Subscriptions and. want ads taken. ■: -
; WAGorrs. and carriages. ; .
WE sell nt bargains the second-hand carriages,
• coupes and wagonettes taken ' in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, . corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st. :.•..'!.■ %■'.■. /.•-;:
SECOND-HAND' grocery. - bakery delivery
wagons, 2- wheeled . carts, road ■ wagons, bug-
gies and harness 'bargains cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. _- - ..- ■'• '. '■ -V -■• '-.■'.' "'- : '.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons' cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
i buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. r . ■ ■ -
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The , Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .".'.'
~^ :.-.: :■ proposals. :
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— The Equitable
Gaslight Company Invites i bids from > Caltfor-
■ nian contractors on ; brick "• buildings, corru-
guted Iron .buildings, >,' foundations for s gas
holders, : generators- an machinery on gas
holders and steel tanks,, oil and water tanks,
boilers, pumps, blowers, exhausters, ' engines
and other machinery; also cast iron gas pipe
Mr ton of 1«. ■ 14,' 12, 10. 8. 6 . and ; 4 Inches in
diameter. Plans and specifications can be seen
at the" company's office, rooms <19 and 20
I -eighth floor, Mills building, < San Francisco. \
SAN ' FRANCISCO." Cal., - Feb. 23. > 1898-Sealed
i proposals. in triplicate, will be received here,
', and nt office 1 of Quartermaster, - San. Diego
Barracks, Cal ,; until 11 o'clock a. m.. March
,2- >,"IS9S, and then opened,: for furnishing wood
and - coal j for ." Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
■ Fort .Baker, ' Benlcla Barracks, Fort Mason, '
. Presidio; of San Francisco, San Diego ' Bar-
' .racks and San ■ Francisco,, Cal.. during fiscal !
' year commencing , July 1, 189 S. .* Government
; ' reserves ? right '. to : reject - or accept " any ■ and
v. all -bids,, or any - part ■* thereof, -r Preference
i given to articles of domestic production, con-
| ditions of quality ' and. price (including in , the
• price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
• ' being ? equal, r and ':, such s preference •/ given ito
articles of American ' production | produced on
. ', Pacific ■ Coast sto : extent *of consumption ;- ; re-
quired by the public service. there. - Informa-
tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
'J at -.' San t Diego ' Barracks/ or to - undersigned. :
j * Envelopes' containing | proposals should be ; in-
f .. dorsed "Proposals a for wood ; (or coal)," and
addressed to said Quartermaster, .or to.JAS.-;
M. MOORE. Assistant Quartermaster-Gen-
l- eral V. S. A., Chief Quartermaster. :;,-..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
; OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKUXD KEAL ESTATE. _
FOR sale— High lot, 53x145, fenced, with large
barn; new; street work complete, ' including
sewer and -water pipes; one-half block from
:• cars; bargain if taken Immediately. •, 1590
Alcatraz- ave.; Lorln, Berkeley. -•: • . :'
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. I 7 ..- ■-:■
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland; It stories, 6 rooms, and also serv- j
ant's room, bathroom, large reception hall; 2
chimneys, Monarch patent grates In parlor and j
dining-room; 5 . large closets and fine pantry: '
back stairs from kitchen; Iron porcelain-lined j
roll-rim bathtub: plumbing nickel plated; ce-
ment steps and walk; front chimney Is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty; this property
is in good neighborhood and within six min-
utes' walk of -station: price $3SOO, complete;-
terms can be arranged. ; Call for further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED. Manager, 1070 Broadway, Oakland. ..
167 NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken. • '■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
ALAMEDA' REAL ESTATE.
11200— SACRIFICeT lot " 40507Twi th gooT 7-room
house; half block from station and' high
school ; easy terms. • ." ■ . -■ ■ ■-. ■ ' ■ * ■ '
$2SOO^-New ' modern- cottage ; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500; snap. .
Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate — 10- room house; lot 60x140:
Alameua'a best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain. . ,
Houses to let in all- parts of the city.
H. P.-MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St.. Alameda.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Boo: lot 70x160: cottage 6
v rooms: orchard and chicken yard: • >$ block i
from Mastic station; all improvements. 1531 i
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market St., S. P.
WILL sacrifice a modern . new- house; small I
payment, balance monthly; going to Klon-
dlke: must and will sell. Box 1215. Call office.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold to close an estate; lot 123x270,
near station; two frontages; street work done
on one frontage; I want an offer. JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley Station.
HOUSE of 8 rooms to let. furnished: modern
Improvements; large, pleasant grounds; also
one new surrey and phaeton for sale; also
hand printing press and type. Box 1210. -Call.
~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~ ~-
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate. insolvency, deeds, | damages, mort- j
gages, copartnership, bllls-of-sale, patents, j
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton. '
PRIVATE matters. Insolvency, collections; free
advice; open evenings. MeCABE, 103 Larkln. '
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly !
Call. Sent. to any address In the United j
States or Canada one year • for $1 - 60, postage
free. . . • ■
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO 'cREDITORS-^Estate .of JACOB
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased. '
Notice is hereby ' given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having ' claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with- !
the -necessary - vouchers, -within ten . months ]
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN- ;
SON CO.. No. 400 Market St., the same being
her place for the transaction of the business.'
of the said estate In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California. Executrix
of the estate of JACOB C. JOHNSON, de-
ceased. •
Dated at San Francisco, February 24. 1898. ■
J. A. STEPHENS, .
Attorney for Executrix. Clans Spreckels build-
Ing.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ;
'. ! ARRIVED. ;
Friday, February 25. .
Schr Nettle Low, 6 hours from Point Reyes;
50 boxes butter, to J H Newbaner Co.
■. .-'=; >;< TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Feb Stmr Mississippi, .
from New -York. .
MOV ILLE— Feb 25— Stmr Ethiopia,' fm
New York.
' LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Bri-
j tannia, from New York. ■ • ' ' * •
NEW YORK— Arrived- Feb 25— Stmr Breiher-
haven. from Antwerp. ■ . - . ,-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
R. O. -Hoffman and Adrlenne M. Ray. 28—20.
Olausßellesen and Glna Osborne. 33—26. -■ :->
• Max G. Gorgoll-and Ida Browcko-wsky, 30—21. <
• M. Andichou and Eugenic Combatalde, 26—23. I
George Keck and" Dhlale Ward. 25—23.
,T. de Lawczynskl and Anna Fabry. 32—22.
J. F. Stromberg and Veronica Tunnev, 23— IS.
M. Elmer Miller and Alice T. Stele, 27—27. '
Births— marriages— DEATHS.
Birth, ' marriage 'and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must i>e
handed in at either of the publication offices
an.i be endorsed with the name. residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ' V: ; \ _1
".'-.■''. •:■■'-■ BORN. : :
CUNEO— this city. February 17. 189S, to the
wife of Frank Cuneo, a daughter.. ■ ' '
EICKHOFF— San Rafael, February 17, 1898,
to the wife of Henry Elckhoff, a son.
KAUFMANN— In this city. February 23, 1898,
to the wife of William Kaufmann, a daugh-
ter. . -•■.,. .-..-•---..• ...
TIETJEN— In this city, February 15, 189S, to
the wife of Henry Tletjen. -a daughter.
— — — —— — — — —^— — —^— — i— — j
MARRIED.
ALLEN— McHARVEY— In this city. February
.19, 189 S. by the Rev. M. !M. Gibson, D.D.;
John H. Allen, U. S. M. C. Mare Island,
Cal., and Georgia A. McHarvey of San Fran-
cisco. ■ '..: '
LEMPP— In this city. February 24.
IS9S. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Edward
Lurch and Clara Lempp.
McLEAN— CROSETT— In this city, February
22, IS9B, by the Rev. W. C. Pond, D.D... Alex"-
i ander D. McLean, M. . . D. and Lucia K.
Crosett, both of. San Francisco.
ORDWAY— ASTON— In Watsonville, February
21, IS9S, by the Rev. . Father Hassett, Ed |
Ordway and Maria Aston. . •- ■ !
DIED.
Badlam, Alexander .T. T Jamison. Luther H.
Bartlett. Ann Jones, Rev. J. H.
Bert elsen, John P. Lapham, Lorenzo
Bolger, Lizzie ' . Lee, Mrs. James W.
Briggs, Mary Lerch, John '
Bruner, Margaret .. Lowensteln, Isaak
Chrlstensen, Chester Moock. Jacob -m •■
Cllne, John E. ' O'Farrell, John J.
Corcoran. John F. Paulsen. James
Crego, Mary J. . , Peacock. Clifford S.
Donovan, David M. Power, Thomas F.
Faulkner, Lizzie Wehrll, William *
Francalse, Adelaide Trebucq,. Denis
Gemballa. Walter Toulouse, Benard
Green, < Edward W. Whlttler, Alonzo A.
Guinn. Margaret Wilber, John M.
\ Imslck, Wllhelmina ' ;
BADLAM— " this city, February 24, 1898,
Alexander .Thomas, dearly • beloved ■• son of !
. Mary and the late Alexander Badlam, and i
brother of Edgar B. Badlam and Mrs. Frank
Bradford, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged
35 years 8 months and 7 days. . .
Friends and '■ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1024 Franklin street. " Interment
private. ''• " . •;,;■» . \
N. S. G. W.— Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. S G
W. Brothers: You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. AT
Badlam. this day' (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock :
from \ the family residence. 1024 Franklin
. street. By order of the president.
. . JOHN W. LEWIS. President
FRANK VAN DEVENTER. Secretary. ■'
BARTLETT— In Santa Clara, February 24, 1898.
Ann. Ufcloved . wife of Henry " Bartlett, sister
. of Mrs. Robert Gallagher and Miss Margaret
Mcßride, and, aunt of Mrs. : George Tewis
' Mrs. H. Penningson X Mrs. A. Jewell and
' Duncan Mcßride. ••-■. ■ ... ;' r
■' B.~7"The funeral will * take' place this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. Clay street, near Lafayette, thence
to St. Claire's Church, where a requiem mass,
• " will be said for the repose of her soul, at ' 9
.o'clock. Interment Santa Clara Cemetery.'
BERTELSEN— In : this city. February 22, 1898,
■ John Peter, beloved- husband ,of » Louisa Ber-
telsen. . father of Arthur,; Myrtle : and Walter
• Bertelsen, and- brother of -Mrs.- Decker and
Christ Bertelsen. a native of Schleswlg, aged
'■' 3S years 3 months and 18 days.-. A member of
' Dania, ' Danmark No. ■ 2.*--,*-* , ' ; \ ." ' ;
"Z^T Friend « and s acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
; (Sunday), .at 10. o'clock, : from K. of P. .-Hall;;
- 909 ~ Market'^street,' where funeral services
" will be 'held under the auspices of rl Dan-
mark No. 2. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
: tery, by train leaving Third and. Townsend'
streets at 11:30 o'clock. '.Remains at the par-:
lors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister
street. ~ "•'.-;."' '.-,.' '''•.; - '■'-..■. :
BOLGER— In this city, February 25. 1835. ' Liz-
: zie, ) beloved daughter -of * Mary .'and the lato
• Solomon -, Bolger, a native of San : Francisco,
-. aged 18 years.-- -'■ .-:--."■*:.-----—-—,■ , - _-. ,
BRIGGS— In. Grass Valley. February 20, IS9S.
Mary r: beloved wife of the late James Briggs,
' mother.; of * Annie, ■">,. Mamie, Willie::, and 9 Ella
Briggs, and grandmother of James and. Wini-. I
fred Briggs. -a, native of ■ Ireland, aged ;67 j
■■'': years." ': ■ ' ..;-.-'-j -.-■,. -' • ■:■ ■■■- ■■",!■■'
BRUNER— In Hanford. ' February 23, > 1898, : Mar-
r-i garet, • beloved wife of John Bruner, and sis-
i ter of ; Della.:'Dugan. of San Francisco and
ia Mrs. William ' Thurman :of Healdsburg, a na- '
*" ' ■• ■:■? ■;.--; '■ -, ■".. - -■■,■■■;•"■. ■-' '_.:-■■:-• ■ -. - ■..-*- -■ ':
tlve of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 47 '
years..
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th* funernl this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, f*>m the funeral
parlors of James McManus. Seventh and Caa--
tro streets. Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Imtfiaculate Conception, where, a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CLINE— In this city, February 23, IS9S. John
E. Cline, a native of Canada, aged 50 years
and 11 months.
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 1317
Broadway, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for cremation.
CORCORAN— In this city, February 25, IS9B.
John F., beloved son of William anJ the late
Maria Corcoran, and brother of Thomas,
Mary, Jane and Alice Corcoran, a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years and 21 days.
O Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I: JO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 357 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patricks Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CREGO— In- this city, February 25, 189 S. Mary
J. Crego, grandmother of G. 11. Borland, a
nati\e of Salem, Mass.. aged 59 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. February- 25.
U9B, our darling baby, Chester Simon Chrls-
tensen, dearly beloved son of John P. and
Johanna M. W. Christer.sen. and brother of
Anna christensen. a native of San Francisco.
aged 1 year S months and 7 days.
DONOVAN— In this city. February 25. IS9B.
David M., eldest and beloved son of Murty
and the late Catherine Donovan, and brother
of Edward, Hugh and John Donovan, and
cousin of Mrs. M. Keily. a native of M;>ri-
posa County, Cal., aged 37 years 7 months
and 2S days.
(£?■ Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 7:3' l
O'clock^ frofn his late residence. 14Xfi Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church. wher>}
a mass will be celebrated for the rtpoea at
his soul, commencing it 8 o'clock; Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FRANCAISE— In this city, February 23, IS9B,
Adelaide Giraux, beloved mother of Mrs.
Marie Marshall, and grandmother of Rev.
E. J. DuEuy, a native of France, aged 7S
years.
ttTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
f-.illy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the French
Reform Church, H27 Pacific street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
FAULKNER — In Bethany, San Joaquin
County. February 25, 1898. Lizzie, dearly be-
loved wife of James Faulkner, and mother
of William B. and .Tames K. Fnulkner and
Mrs. Joe Maloney, a native of Ireland, aged
50 years.
(C, 5 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Bethany, thence to the Catholic
church, Livermore, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Livermore.
GEMBALLA— In this city, February 25, IS9B,
Walter, beloved son of Gustave and Elsie
Gemballa, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months.
GREEN— Near Los Gates. February HIM, Ed-
ward Walter Green, a native of England,
aged 42 years and 7 months.
GUINN— In this city, February 25. IS9B. Mar-
garet Guinn, mother of W. j. Guinn. a na-
tive of County Longford. Ireland, aged 58
years.
C? Notice of funeral hereafter.
IMSICK— In this city, February 25. UN, Wil-
helmina Imsick, dearly beloved mother of
Fred. Herrmann and Willie Imsick. Mrs. F.
Block, Mrs. E. Alber, Mrs. J. Denzler and
Mrs. F. Rathjens. a native of Germany, aged-
69 years 3 months and 27 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. F. Rathjens, 13278
Pacific street, between Leavenworth and
Hyde. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JAMISON — At the home of the parents, on
Mount Hamilton road. February 22, 1898,
Luther Howe'.l Jamison, a native of Mis-
souri, aged 34 years 4 months and 10 days.
JONES— In Pacific Grove. February 15. 1898,
Hi • .1. H. Jones, a native of Cornwall. Eng-
land, aged 74 years.
LAPHAM— In this city, February 24. 1898,
Lorenzo, beloved husband of Amelia J. Lap-
ham, a native of Massachusetts.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment private.
LEE— In Watsonville. February 22. IS9B, Mm.
James W. Lee. aged nbout 53 years.
LERCH— In this city, February 25. lg», John,
beloved husband of Maria C. Lerch, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 63 years 1 month and
fl days.
(T7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 12iW Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Please omit flowers
LOWENSTEIN— In this city, Fehruarv 25. 1898,
Ipaak. beloved husband nf Lena Lowenstein,
and father of Mrs. M. Levy. Mrs. J. Krone,
Mrs. S. Flyshaker. Mrs. .1. Ramon and
Nathan. Joseph and Daiid Lowenstein, a
native of Germany, aged 71 years 9 months
and 19 day*,
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence. 1012 Jack-
son street, between Mason and Taylor. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
I. O. B. B.— Members of Modin Lodge No. 42,
I. O. B. 8., are requested to meet at the
lodgeroom to-morrow (Sunday), at 9 o'clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our 'fite brother, Isaak Lowenstein. By order
of H. MAUSER. President.
MOOCK— Tn this city. February 24, 189S, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Moock.
father of Carl F., Edna E., Katie, Louise C.
and John J. Moock. son of Katherlne Moock,
and brother of Gretchen. Barbara. Katie,
Peter, John and George Moock, a native of
Germany, aged 43 years 3 months and 29
days A member of German Metzger Verein,
Butchers' Board of Trade and Memorial
Lodge No. 174. A. O. U. W.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels build-
ing, 32 'O'Farrell street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Mem-
orial Lodge No. 174, A. O. U. W. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mis-
sion street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'FARRELL— In this city, February 23, 1898.
John Joseph O'Farrell. beloved brother of
Pct a r O'Farreli, Mrs. Henry Brockhoff and
the late Mrs. John McClellan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years and 5 months.
(TTFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 5:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence Of his sister. Mrs. Henry Brockhoff,
130 A Fourteenth street, near Folsom. thene»
to the Church ut St. Charles Borromeo, cor-
ner Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for
services, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cpmetery.
PAULSEN— Near Custrovllle. February" 22. 1898.
James Paulsen. a native of Denmark, aged
42 years 3 months and 10 days.
PKACOCK— In Oakland, February 25, 1898,
Clifford S . beloved son of James C. and Mar-
garet Peacock, a native of Oakland, aged 4
months and 17 days.
POWER— In this city, February 25, 1898,
Thomas F.. beloved son of Rose and the late
Thomas H. Power, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
February 2S. at tM o'clock, from his late
residence 2535 Folcom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TREBUCQ— In this city, February 24, 1898,
Denis beloved husband of Madeleine Tre-
bucq brother of Benard and Jean, uncle of
Benard Mousqull. and brother-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. Nicolas Gallard. a native of France,
aged 4fi years and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funernl to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence Thirty-fourth and Railroad avenuee.
South San Francisco, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held, under the ans-
pices of Franco-American Lodge No. 207. In-
terment Golden Gate Cemetery.
TOULOUSE— Ia Golden Gate. Oakland, Febru-
ary ""4 I S 9S Benard, beloved husband of Al-
bine'Touloufe, and father of Louise Tou-
louse a native of France, aged 42 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J S Godeau, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame dcs Vlctoires. where . services
will be held, commencing at 10:30 O'clock,
thence to French Zouaves' Hall. 320 Post
strret. between Stockton and Powell.
WEHRLI— In this city, February 23. 189 S. Wil-
liam beloved husband of Annie Wehrll. and
father of Henry. Gretohen and Rosie Wehrli.
a nutive of Switzerland, aged 45 years S
months and 22 days. A member of Triumph
Lodge No. ISO. A. O. U. W.
(r_7"Fr'.ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, .rom the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WHITTIER— In this city. February 25. 1898.
Alonsio A., beloved son of Flavilla S. and the
late Alonzo A. Whittier. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 12 days.
WILBER— Near San Jose, February 23. 1898.
John M. Wllber, a native of New York, aged
70 years and 19 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. 3
Telephonf. South SO. 1
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the use
of eui' c&trons. Rubber tire* on our ambulance.
1516
FUNDS FOR
FAMILIES OF
THE MARTYRS
Miners to Aid Rela
tives of Those Lost
on the Maine.
A Public Benefit Without
Obnoxious Hearst Ad
vertisements.
Proceeds of the Fair Monday
to Aid Worthy Suf
ferers.
A FUND WITHOUT STRINGS
•Great Progress Made in the Pro
gramme for the Relief of
Victims.
There is a great denl of interest in
the proposed benefit for the survivors
of the Maine disaster on Monday, ar
ranged by the directors of the Miners'
Fair.
From all signs it will be one of the
most successful events in the history
of the city, as there is a great feel
ing of patriotism all over the State.
N"t only are there likely to be thou
sands in attendance from the city, but
the orders from outside districts are
unusually large.
Everybody should remember that all
the proceeds of Monday are to go for
the benefit of the survivor? of the
Tickets for the benefit concert for the relief of the' relatives of those
■who perished on the Maine are for sale at The Call business office. All
who desire to show their patriotism will do well to spend what they
can afford in this just and patriotic cause. All the proceeds of Mon
day's exercises at the Pavilion will go to the immediate relief of the
families of those who perished. Money thus expended will not go to
the building of a monument to be erected in the indefinite future, but for
the Immediate relief of sufferers.
Maine disaster. There will be no
strings on the fund and there will be
no sideshow in the nature of a big ad
vertisement for a yellow newspaper.
The arrangements for entertaining
the thousands who will visit the Pa
vilion on Monday give indications that
in all ways the 25 cents expended for
an admission ticket will be a wise in
vestment. In addition to the usual
band concert, both afternoon and
evening, by Rogers' band, there will be
a programme of singing, declamation
and addresses given in the Art Gallery
and two very novel and original acro
batic acts on the main floor, between
3:30 and 4 o'clock.
At night the principal feature will
be the first representation in this city
of the musical and spectacular produc
tion, "The Battle of Winchester," the
arrangement of the music having been
made two years ago by the great band
master, Sousa, and rearranged for this
occasion by Rogers. The musical por
tion of the programme is under the
direction of a representative from
General Shafter's staff, and every
detail of camp life and military ma
neuvers will be faithfully depicted by
the United States regular corps, and
by militia organizations. The synop
sis of the spectacle is as follows:
Synopsis — The camp at twilight.
"Tenting on the Old Camp Ground."
Taps. Lights out. "The Soldier's Fare
well." The alarm. Assembly. Off to the
battle. The battle. Victory. Return
by railroad. Home again. Grand an
them, "America." Chorus by children
from the Franklin Grammar School.
Richard Faulkner, superintendent;
Jane Seymour Klink, directress.
In putting before the public the old
familiar melodies, "Tenting on the Old
Camp Ground," "The Letter From
Home," "The Soldier's Farewell" and
those airs and melodies which recall
not only to the veteran, but to his
sons and grandsons, the stirring days
of the civil «war, divested of course of
its horrors and sad recollections— that it
is a fitting production for the occasion
of a benefit to those who were either
killed or wounded is undeniable. In
itself it would possess sufficient attrac
tions to merit the expenditure of the
admission price asked, and combined
with the fact that it is in "sweet char
ity's" cause, the biggest attendance of
the entire Mining Fair, or, in fact, of
any exposition ever held in the Me
chanics' Pavilion, is almost assured.
From the members of the distributing
committee come cheering words, as fol
lows: T. J. Parsons — Over fifty tickets
Bold up to noon to-day, and still selling.
President Denicke— Tickets are selling
to exceed our expectations, and we are,
very fortunately, receiving letters from
out of town, asking us to mail them
tikets, at the rate of about 100 a per
eon. Professor Martin Kellogg of the
University of California— Send me 100
tickets. They are selling well. Tirey
L. Ford — I have run out of my quota of
tickets and want more. L. W. Buck
ley—l sent 400 tickets to Sacramento by
O. P. Dodge, a well-known business
man of that city, with the assurance
that all the tickets will be sold.
In the way of the auction of goods
which Chairman Parsons and his com
mittee have solicited, it has been very
wisely postponed until the last night of
the fair, in order that they may receive
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary , from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cuthura
Soap, gentle anointings with Ccticttra (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of ConcußA Resolvent, greatest of blood,
purifiers and humor cures. :
I* mid throughout (he worH. Pomi Dmoe and Cue*.
Our.. Sole Prop*.. Ronion.
Cj» •" U»w to Cure Ever Blood Honor," free.
r£l*fc HUMvHS _Wei i««l 17 Cbtwv«* Boat.
more contributions and make a grand
success of it. The reports of articles
given show that they go from the sub
lime to the ridiculous, but they are pre
cisely what the committee want. The
circular sent out is as follows:
The management of the Golden Jubilee
Mining Fair has determined to set apart
the net proceeds of the ticket office next
Monday, February 28, for, the benefit of
the families of those who lost their lives
by the Maine disaster. In order to add
something to the amount that may thus be
realized, a committee has been appointed
to secure contributions of articles to be
auctioned off on tk" last Saturday of the
Fair, the total returns from the sale to be
appropriated to the same charitable and
patriotic purpose.
Any contribution will be welcome, from
a cake of soap to a case of fruit, from a
pocket handkerchief to an overcoat, from
a paper of tacks to a sewing machine,
from a pound of candy to a barrel of
sugar.
\Ve hope that all who are solicited will
contribute some item to this laudable
cause. You are invited to give some
thing; we leave it to your judgment and
well-known generosity to determine what
that something shall be.
Our solicitor will call on you within a
day or two for your reply to this note,
and assuming that it will be favorable, a
collector appointed by us will subsequent
ly be authorized to receive and deliver
your contribution at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion in time for saiil auction sale.
The press of the city and State is with
us in this move, and we are assured that
all contributions will be duly credited in
the public print. When the sale takes
place the auctioneer will announce the
donor of each articlf as it is offered.
Trusting you will enter with us into the
spirit of this movement, which calls for a
hearty response from every patriotic
citizen, I have the honor to remain for
the committal 1 .
Major Wallis of the committee re
ports that he has been given articles
ranging from a tin cup to a horse. One
of the prominent butchers of the city
has given him two fat pigs and a coop
full of chickens. The Del Monte Mill
ing Company, of which Mr. Parsons,
chairman of the committee, is presi
dent, will sell all the packages of
cereals and flour, embracing something
like $60 worth, now in their booth at the
mining fair, on the last night of the
fair, all the proceeds to go to the fund
of the benefit.
Some of the mining counties are con
tributing some very valuable specimens
of gold-bearing quartz to be sold for
the fund. One of the big stove com
panies has given a fine range; in fact,
the interest in the benefit is awaken
ing to an extent which promises to
make it financially, socially and in
every way a success. Several of the
theatrical companies have volunteered
programmes and to send artists for
that night.
The Pavilion will be open on Monday
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. and from 7:30
to 10:30 p. m., with the admission as
usual, 25 cents and 15 cents. The in
tenor will be decorated in red, white
and blue, and addresses will be de
ll Yer if d ,, from the sta^ e in the center of
the hall.
A large picture, or painting, of the
battle-ship Maine, with the national
colors entwining it and draped with
mourning emblems of black, will oc
cupy a place of prominence in the art
gallery for that evening.
The Naval Reserve has been in
vited to be present and give a drill
Representatives of the Seamen's Union
and other associations of a similar
character have been invited to be pres
ent also. Mayor Phelan will make a
few remarks for the occasion.
The Amateur Academic League of
California gave a most creditable ex
hibition at the fair last night. The
two events that pulled off were: The
fifty-yard dash and the pole vaulting
The Lowell, Berkeley and Oakland
contingents were out in force and
they kept everything lively with their
cheering and counter cheering.
The fifty-yard dash was run in
heats between the different contest
ants, and a final heat was run be
tween the two winners and second
men of the two first heats. The result
was: A. Aberdi, first; F. S. Riccomi
soeond, and William Jacobs, third.
Time, 6 1-5 seconds.
The pole vaulting between Rich
Nicholson and Harry J. Irwin was won
by the latter— height, 9 feet and 1%
inches. Nicholson at first looked as
if he would win, but he weakened per
ceptibly after the 9-foot mark was
reached.
Prior to the athletic events there was
a drill by the cadets of the Lowell
School under the command of Cadet
Captain Bartlett. The three events
that will be completed by the league
to-night are: The broad running jump
running high jump and the three
standing jump.
To-day will be Stanford day at the
fair, and the college boys will make
things lively. An address will be de
livered by one of the professors of the
FOR THE YTTKON TRADE.
The Alaska Committee Asks the
State of Trade to Continue
Its Work.
At a meeting of the Alaska trade com
mittee yesterday the following resolution
was adopted unanimously:
"Resolved, That, pursuant to the re
quest of this committee, a joint meeting
of the Board of Trade, Merchants' Asso
ciation and Chamber of Commerce was
held at the rooms of the Board of Trade
on Thursday, February- 24, to decide upon
the best means of carrying on the im
portant work of this committee, and as
at that meeting it was decided to recom
mend that the work be turned over to the
State Board of Trade, therefore this com
mittee requests the State Board of Trade
to assume the work."
The State Board of Trade will hold a
meeting to-day and decide upon the
matter.
The Alaska trade committee will turn
over to its successor between $400 and
$500 in money and between $300 and $400
in good claims.
Information cornea to the bureau that
an alliance has been formed between the
California-Yukon Trading Company of
this city and the Johnson-Locke Mercan
tile Company, as agents for the North
Coast Transportation Company. By this
arrangement the passengers from the
steamship company will be transferred
at St. Michael to the river lines. The
North Coast Company will run three
large steamers between here and St
Michael. The first to leave will be the
Tillamook on the 28th, and the second will
be the Morgan City, which is now on its
way around the Horn from New York.
The latter steamer carries 500 passengers
and 800 tons of freight, and is a first-class
craft in every respect.
Going to the Klondike.
Mrs. Kate Thomas. 173 California ave
nue, swore to a complaint yesterday
morning in Judge Joachimsen's court for
the arrest of A. G. Morris, a carpenter,
on the charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. Morris erected a house
for her, and last Saturday reported to her
that he had paid all the bills, and she
gave him $2UO. Since then she has found
that bills amounting to $700 have not been
P-, d "J?f d Mon "is is preparing to go to the
Klondike. .
Captain Goodall Exonerated.
United States Commissioner Heacock'
yesterday dismissed the charge of beat-
Ing and wounding seamen preferred
against Captain Harry Goodall of the
steamer Cottage City. The evidence was
clear that there was no foundation for the
charge.-- ■■■ ■."-■-■■ : ' .•■■••.•■ -" . -.• ■-.--_
- , - -— - •**-* - ■ .- .. ■
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
PASSING OF A GREAT BALL-PLAYER
TOM POWER DIES AFTER A LONG ILLNESS,
Tom Power died of consumption yesterday at his mother's home at 2545
Folsom street.
Although his death was inevitable, as the dreadful malady had a strong
hold on his system, yet his many friends had hoped that he might be
spared for many months to come. The news of his death will be received
with regret by them, as a more popular fellow never lived.
Tom was known to every one. His fame as a ball player had spread
throughout the United States, and he had made a name in his chosen pro
fession for skill and straight dealing.
Power started his career as a player with the old Pioneer team in ISB6,
playing first base, when that team was under the mana^mpnt of Mike
Finn. He continued with the team during the season of 1887. when he joined
the Altas. After playing through a season with the nine Finn, who then
had the management of the San Franciscos, knowing his value as a first
base man, hid for him and obtained his services. He was given the cap
taincy of the team, and by a thorough knowledge of the game brought it to
a high state of perfection.
He played with the San Franciscos during the season of ISS9, and won
the name of being one of the best first-base men in the country. Manager
Hank Harris of the Stocktons, knowing his worth, made a dicker with Finn,
whereby he gained Power in exchange for Charley Sweeney and Milt White
head.
Playing against his o. ' chums did not prevent him from "xhibiting the
same vim which characterized his work while a member of tht 1 Friscos.
At length his ability as a ball player attracted the attention of Billie
Barnie, the famous manager of the Baltimores, and in IS9O he was engaged
to play the initial position for that great team. Up to 1596 ho played with
the Rochester, Scranton and other important Eastern aggregations. During
the season of 1896 he contracted a cold, which later developed tuberculosis.
He returned home that year and lingered until yesterday, when he passed
away.
Tom Power enjoyed the distinction of captaining c- cry nine he played
with, an honor that is rarely experienced by any player.
He was born in this city twenty-nine years ago. and as a member of
Precita Parlor No. 187. Owing to the absence of a brother from the city
the funeral will not take place until Monday next. The pallbearers will
probably be fellow players and members of his parlor.
BESOUGHT COD
TO BE MERCIFUL
Mrs. Cotter, Murderer of
Her Husband, Goes
Insane.
While Brooding Over Her Aw
ful Crime She Loses
Her Reason.
She Imagines That Her Enemies
Are Determined to Punish
Her.
Mary Cotter, who shot and killed
her husband several years ago, is a
raving maniac. Last night she was ar
rested by Police Officer Donovan and
locked up in a padded cell in the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Cotter was a policeman. In a fit of
jealous rage his wife shot him in the
back, inflicting a wound from which
he died a short time afterward. She
was tried for murder, but was acquit
ted by a jury in the Superior Court.
She claimed at the trial that he first
shot at her, and to protect her life she
killed him.
Since then the woman has been living
at 108 Ninth street. Last evening she
became violently insane, and one of the
lodgers, fearing she would injure her
self, summoned Officer Donovan. The
latter on entering her room found the
unfortunate woman In a kneeling pos
ture on the floor, her hands clasped in
prayer. She was beseeching the Al
mighty to forgive her for the killing
of her husband.'
"I murdered him, I know," she piti
fully exclaimed, "but, Lord, do not
condemn me.
"Open the pearly gates and allow me
to enter. I have sinned, thou Heavenly
Father, but be merciful."
Mrs. Cotter was only half-clad, and,
as she remained kneeling, her long,
dark hair hanging down her back, she
presented a striking picture. After
considerable trouble she was persuaded
to dress herself.
She was then taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol-wagon and
placed in a padded cell.
The surgeons at the hospital, after a
cursory examination, pronounced her
hopelessly insane. To-day she will be
taken before the Commissioners of
Lunacy to be examined.
To-Day's New* Letter
Presents to its readers an unusually in
teresting literary menu. The plays of the
week ■; are . entertainingly , reviewed; the
editorials treat of live topics. All the so
cial news of * the week; is -'given,'' and a
Gotham : letter, gives breezy glimpses v ,of
affairs on the other side of the Continent.
"Sparks" gossips of ■ well ' known people,
and ■ the "Looker-On" relates hew i stories
on club and business men. Mining and
financial i reviews and v- stories \> complete
the number. A fine set of views of. Mare
Island navy-yard .is • free with the \ News'
Letter. All for ten cents •
i : ■'■ ' ■■■:-. "'-"". "-''♦.' ' " ''■ •'*'■ ■'i
i LoWb 5 Horehound 5 Cough > Syrup = for
-Wughfljuid polda; lQc. 417 Baneome gt.^*
TOOKE OBJECTS
TO CHINESE
He Is Locked Up in a
Cell With Several
Highbinders.
Claims That Captain Robinson
Is Discriminating Against
Him.
Makes an Appeal to Chief Leas to
Remove His Mongolian
Associates.
I. N. Tooke, who was arrested seve
ral days ago for obtaining diamonds
under false pretenses, objects to being
locked up in a cell with two China
men.
Last Thursday night Captain Rob
inson, who has charge of the City
Prison, for some reason which he re
fuses to divulge, had two highbinders
thrown into the cell occupied by Tooke.
This is the first Instance in the his
tory of the Police Department where
a white prisoner has been compelled
to share his cell with Chinese crooks.
There are two cells set apart for Chi
nese criminals, and notwithstanding
that they are at present unoccupied.
Captain Robinson has seen fit to make
Tooke's stay in the City Prison almost
unbearable by compelling him to as
sociate with two Mongolian despera
does.
Tooke Intends to appeal to the Chief
of Police to have the Chinamen re
moved to another cell.
Since the filing of the suit against
Detective ODea of the Southern Sta
tion by a saloon keeper for false Im
prisonment, Chief Lees has instructed
the prison keepers not to "small book"
a prisoner unless by his orders. Re
cently a number of complaints have
reached him about the evident abuse
of the "small book" system, and he is
determined to suppress it.
Hereafter when a subject Is taken
into custody the arresting officer will
be compelled to get the Chief's con
sent before he can detain his man.
The instructions to the desk ser
geants in this respect are very explicit
and a violation will result in the of
fender being taken before the Police
Commissioners to be "disciplined."
Not a Dull Line.
Editor James H. Barry does not mince
his words in to-day's Star. He pays his
respects to the corrupt school board in his
usual forceful style. He also speaks of
the Maine murders and other live topics.
In fact, the whole sixteen pages of the
Star are newsy, from the editorial col
umns to the last page. •
Poolsellers Acquitted.
A jury in Judge Low's court yesterday
afternoon acquitted James Dunn and S.
Perry of selling pools outside of the race
track. On a former trial the Jury dis
agreed. _
DUPED BY
A CLEVER
SWINDLER
Money Brokers and
Jewelers His Prin
cipal Victims,
Joseph Schwartz Has
Done a Thriving Busi
ness for Months.
He Has Fled From the City,
and Now the Police Are
Trying to Locate Him.
HAD POLICE PROTECTION.
Schwartz Dealt In Diamonds, Which
He Put Under What Is Known
as the Aniline Process.
There is a race between the police
department and the Pinkerton and
Morse detective agencies as to who will
succeed in capturing one of the bold
est swindling operators that has ever
visited the city. He has about a week's
start on them, but each hopes to be
able to bring him within the meshes
c-f the law.
The man is Joseph Schwartz, who has
a record in the East of being one of
the shrewdest and cleverest confidence
workers in the country. He arrived
here several months ago, representing
himself as a silent partner in several
books at the race track. He visited
them daily, and spent money lavishly
so as to keep up the deception.
He soon won the confidence of sev
eral of the leading pawnbrokers, and
his method was to purchase from them
diamonds of an off-color, which, by
what is known as the "aniline proc
ess," he would convert into what on
the surface appeared to be gems of the
purest color. He would, as a rule, buy
them on time and make a part pay
ment on the purchase price. After us
ing the "aniline process" on them he
would take them to a money broker
and represent that he had been suffer
ing severe losses at the race track, and
was in urgent need of ready cash. The
diamonds belonged, he said, to his wife,
and the loan would only be a tempora
ry one. as he would redeem them
shortly. He had two or three jewelry
men as appraisers whom he had
"squared," and if the broker had no ap
praiser of his own Schwartz would sug
gest that the diamonds be sent to one
of his own appraisers, who would re
port that the security was ample, and
he obtained the loan.
He began by borrowing sums from
$500 to $1500, which he repaid In a few
days, thereby gaining the confidence of
the brokers. Then he began doubling
the amounts, and within the past
month secured in the neighborhood of
$20,000, which he took with him when
he fled from the city about a week ago.
One of his victims is Dr. E. L. Wem
ple of 406 Sutter street. In his case, it
is alleged. Dr. Wempfe's appraiser was
fixed and Schwartz got $1000 out of
him. The appraiser reported that the
security was good and when the doctor
realized on the diamonds he was only
able to obtain between $500 and $600.
Other victims are Joseph Nash of Post
street and William Wolfsohn, a jew
eler on Merchant street. In one deal
Nash advanced Schwartz $2000 on a lot
of diamonds which have since been
liberally appraised at $900. Wolfsohn
it is said is out about $5000 in diamonds
which he advanced Schwartz, who used
them in obtaining money from the
brokers.
Van Vliet of the Baldwin Collateral
Loan Company on Market street is
said to be the only one who made
money out of Schwartz. Schwartz was
introduced to him by Jake Wheatfield.
who is known around the Baldwin
Hotel, and it was agreed that Wheat
field should get 10 per cent commission
on the business done by Schwartz.
There is a suit now pending brought
by Wheatfield to recover from Van
Vliet his commission. Schwartz's de
position was taken in the case, but he
skipped before it was signed.
Schwartz stopped at the Baldwin
Hotel and attracted attention as a fine
dresser. It is claimed that his opera
tions were known to the police, as sev
eral of his victims had at various
times complained, but did not care to
swear out warrants for his arrest as
it might hurt their business if it were
known publicly that they had been in
volved in such shady transactions.
It is surprising to these men why
Schwartz was not long ago stopped by
the police from carrying on his swin
dling operations, and some of them are
inclined to think that he was under
police protection. His record in the
East was well known to the police and
to the Plnkertons. Two or three years
ago he was arrested in Ogden for sur
reptitiously getting away with $100,000
worth of diamonds, but he managed to
beat the case somehow. He was one
of the ringleaders in the scheme to fix
a baseball game in St. Louis about five
years ago between the Bostons and
Washingtons. It leaked out that
Schwartz was in the deal, and the re
sult was that the game was played on
its merits and the best team won,
which left Schwartz without a cent
and he had to borrow money to get out
of the city.
To show the man's effrontery ne
made an application while here to be
admitted to membership in the Knights
of Pythias so as to give him a sort of
standing in the community. With all
his cleverness he can neither read nor
write. He is a plausible talker, about
5 feet 7 inches tall, thick set, smooth
round face, weighs about 190 pounds,
dark complexion and dark eyes and
dresses in the height of fashion. He
has a wife and family in New York.
A PRESIDIO SUICIDE.
An Ex-Soldier Rejected for Enlist
ment Became Discouraged and
Took His Own Life.
Joseph Fouque, an ex-soldier, committed
suicide yesterday at the Presidio by
shooting himself through the heart with
a Krag-Jorgensen rifle.
Fouque was following the profession of
nurse, and business not being good, and
perhaps the war agitation working upon
the old military enthusiasm he applied for
re-enlistment. The army surgeon made
the usual examination and passed him as
sound and as being entitled physically to
march with his old comrades, but when
his previous military record was received
it was found that he had been dishonor
ably discharged because he had eloped
with the wife of a brother soldier. The
news cast him down, and yesterday while
the company which he was vlsitlxur was at
lunch he took a rifle down from the
rack, pjaoed the mussle to hie left breast,
touched the trigger with a brush and sent
a bullet through his heart. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
On his person was found a note reading
as follows:
PRESIDIO, CaJ., Feb. 25.— D0 not blame
any one; I knew what I was doing and
preferred death to beggary. My papers
■will Drove who I am. J. FOUQUE.
If Fouque's previous record in the
army had been Btralght he would have
been admitted to Company O of the First
Infantry. The surgeon had passed him,
and the fact of his acceptance was wired
to Washington. Yesterday morning Col.
Evan Miles, commanding the post at the
Presidio, received a telegram from the
Adjutant General of the Army that
Fouque had. been dishonorably dismissed
from the service at Fort Bowie. Fouque
was apprised of this teleirram by the re
cruiting officer and Informed that he
could not be accepted. He was very de-
Hpondent and declined to go down to din
ner with the men of Q Company. While
the soldiers of the company were at din
ner Fouque took a gun from the rack, got
a cartridge from a belt and sent a bullet
through his breast. The gxin was
held so close to his body that the re
port of the discharge was not heard in
the barracks. A Boldler who happened to
enter the squad room saw Fouque in the
agonies of death.
The Krag-Jorgensen bullet passed
through Fouque's body, through the cell-
Ing of the attic and through the slate roof
of the barracks. The penetrating power
of the projectile after passing through a
human body was fully demonstrated. De
ceased was about 40 years of age. It is
said that he formerly kept a drug store in
El Paso, Texas.
JAPANESE LABOREKS.
Twenty-Four All in a Bow Dressed
in Uniform and Duly Tick
eted by Their Master.
Immigration Commissioner North began
yesterday an investigation in the matter
of twenty-four Japanese immigrants who
arrived on the City of Peking last Sunday.
They were dressed in European garments
made of the same piece and cut of cloth,
and all admitted that they came from the
same district in Japan. They were farm
ers and Intended to remain in California
two or three years studying the Califor
nian methods of growing wheat and rice.
No one of them had more than $45, which
they admitted would last them for about
two months. When that was gone they
would telegraph to their fathers and un
cles in Japan for more money. • The ex
pense of telegraphing and cabling, they
said, would be about $20 in each case, but
that would be a mere bagatelle to the
aforesaid fathers and uncles, who had rice
farms yielding an incotne of $75 per an
num each.
The investigation will be resumed this
morning. There can be no doubt that
these immigrants are contract laborers,
as their predecessors have turned out to
be. If Commissioner North should deny
them the right to land no court will have
authority to overturn his action. There
can be no appeal save to the Secretary of
the Treasury.
WILL SOON BE
AT AN END
Figel Case May Be Given to
the Jury on Wednes
day.
Is Postponed Until Monday Because
of the Indisposition of Judge
Murphy.
Sickness seems to be the main ele
ment in the recent delay of the Figel
case. At the present timo Judge Mu>
phy, for the prosecution, is indisposed
and in consequence the case has been
put over until next Monday morning at
10 o'clock. The testimony given yes
terday was a repetition of that given by
the witnesses during the preliminary ex
amination, but the defense is straining
every effort to show that some few facts
tend to support the theory that Isaac
Hoffman committed suicide on the even-
Ing of June 1, and that the de
ceased merchant was led to the rash act
by letters written by his wife, and also
because he might have embezzled funds
belonging to the firm. The prosecution
was even stronger in its contention that
Hoffman was murdered in cold blood by
the defendant.
At the opening of the case Miss Lillian
Cohen was recalled to the stand for re
cross-examination. It is admitted that
the witness is ready with replies to ques
tions put and that there is no danger
but what the testimony given will be
in accordance with what the witness saw
on the eventful evening of June 1. The
whole case seems to rest on a matter
of a few minutes. Half-past 6 o'clock
is the time at issue, and some scatter
ing testimony given tends to show that
Hoffman was alive at the time the de
fendant went on the boat on his way to
San Rafael. The witness was appar
ently positive that one of the two men
she had seen standing in front of tne
store of Hoffman, Rothchild & Co. was
Isaac Hoffman, and cross-examination did
not materially break down her testi
mony.
The witness Was followed by Dr. E. R.
Williams, who testified as to bullet
wounds, powder marks and the possi
bilities of suicide where it had been dis
covered that three bullets had entered
the head of the deceased. Henry Ick
hoff stated that he had seen the defend
ant about 6:25 o'clock at the ferry, and
A. Farnsworth testified that he had seen
Theodore Figel on a car going toward
the ferry at 6:23 or 6:24 o'clock. Dr. O.
F. Westphal related his experience with
Figel at the time he had seen him using
the revolver with which the shooting was
done, and Everett Thomas stated that
he had heard a shot in the store of
Hoffman, Rothchild & Co., about twenty
five minutes to 7 o'clock. The case was
then put over until Monday morning
when it is probable Thomas will be re
called. The defense is of the opinion
that the case will be submitted to the
Jury next Wednesday afternoon, and they
naturally state they do not fear but
that the result will be favorable to the
defendant In the case. Interest in the
proceeding gradually grows as the ca&e
nears an end.
Activity in Building Trades Council
The Building Trades Council is still
rapidly growing in membership, and
promises soon to be one of the foremost
central labor bodies in the city. At last
night's meeting the electrical workers
sent delegates to represent them; and at
next week's meeting it ts expected that
the Painters' Onion will also affiliate
with the council. A committee Is now out
trying to secure suitable headquarters,
and it is probable that the building now
occupied by the Labor Bureau Associa
tion at 915 l ,fc Market street will be chosen.
An effort is also being made to unite the
two central bodies, the Labor Council and
the Building Trades, but the joint com
mittee is making very little progress, as
neither side appears willing to make any
great concessions, while both feel that it
is an end much to be desired.
• : ADVERTISEMENTS.
tMIL COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
LfV^pf HEADQUARTERS FOR
jf ix 3 ~>i). iiL KLONDIKE
iT^nT WOOLEN
3M°lm Pi OUTFITS
-Wlt^ { V \ Prices and estimate*
%JsQy V^? 1 jl^v Cheerfully furnished.
S^S]^v S. IN, WOOD Sc CO.,
F>\J§*ij2^^ 713-7:2:2 market St.. S. *».
.  y J -'-! JJI - UJXM - 1 uu - V-- 1 - - 11 ' ' '" *»-t*-
THE STOCK
BREWERY IS
IN TROUBLE
Creditors Called In to
Settle Its Diffi
culties.
An Offer Made of Twenty-
Five Cents on the
Dollar.
Liabilities Will Figure Up an
Aggregate of Over
$67,000.
CHARGE MISMANAGEMENT
John C. Bauer Heads m Commute*
to Arrange the Concern's
Affairs.
The San Francisco Stock Brewery,
one of the largest individual beer pro
ducing concerns in the city, is In finan
cial difficulties and unless a settle
ment is reached with the creditors
during the next week the corporation
will be forced into insolvency.
The Bruns family, well known in
grocery and liquor circles in this oity,
owns the larger portion of the stock in
the corporation, which has been In
business here for several years.
Several days ago the main stock
holders decided that the burden of
debt that had accumulated was too
heavy to carry and called a meeting of
the creditors. It was shown at the
meeting that the liabilities were in ex
cess of $67,000, and that the concern
could not pay half of its obligations if
the real estate and other asset*
were sold to satisfy the debts.
An offer of twenty-five cents on the
dollar was made but not accepted by
the creditors, who appointed a commit
tee of three, consisting of John C.
Bauer, a representative of the Bank of
California, and another creditor to look
into the state of affairs and report at
another meeting to be held early next
week. It is hoped by the creditors to
settle with the stockholders, many of
whom are wealthy, at something bet
ter than twenty-five cents on the dol
lar.
The main creditors are J. C. Bauer
$25,000, and Bank of California $15,000.
"The downfall of the brewery was
due to mismanagement," said John C.
Bauer, one of the creditors' committee,
last evening. "Several years ago one
of the bookkeepers defaulted for a con
siderable sum, and since then the losses
have been heavy, principally because
extensive credit has been allowed to ir
responsible parties from whom the
corporation was not able to collect.
We hope, of course, to straighten mat
ters out, but at present it looks doubt
ful.
"The property of the brewery was
signed over to a loan association some
time ago for the purpose of raisins
money on a mortgage, and it is possible
that if this loan is arranged the corpo
ration's affairs may be so arranged
that it will continue in business."
The brewery of the concern is lo
cated on Powell and Francisco streets.
DINED WITH DR. MORSE.
A Farewell Banquet Previous to His
Departure on a Pleasure Trip.
One of the most enjoyable dinners yet
given in the dining room of the San Fran
cisco Club marked the approaching de
parture of Dr. John F. Morse on a pleas
ure trip through the East .and Mexico.
Dr. Morse, Mrs. Morse and Miss Jennie
Flood will leave this morning at 9 o'clock
in a special car. They will spend some
time in Eastern cities, visiting all points
of interest, and then they will take a run
through Mexico, including every point of
interest in the southern republic.
To fittingly speed the departing, Ru
dolph Herold Jr. arranged for a dinner
to a few kindred spirits, and last night
they assembled In a private dining room
in the club's apartments in the Claus
Spreckels building. There were present
Dr. Morse, Judge W. H. Henshaw, Henry
F. Fortmann, W. W. Foote. J. T. Burke,
J. B. Reinstein. Edmond Godohaux and
Rudolph Herold Jr.
It was a most informal affair; theguests
were old friends and the hours sped
quickly. Dr. Morse's health was drunk,
and for him and his party were wished a
pleasant journey and a safe return.
Calvarian Society.
The several thousand members of the
Calvarian Society in this city will have
the opportunity of assisting at the an
nual services held under Its auspices dur
ing the Lenten season. St. Mary's Ca
thedral will see the first of the series of
exercises inaugurated to-morrow after
noon at 3 o'clock, and every Sunday
thereafter at the same time and place
similar devotions will be held. Cathollo
people generally attend these services.
The Most Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordan
will deliver the first discourse. The ser
vices begin with the "Way of the Cross"
and conclude with benediction of the
blessed sacrament.
Southern Pacific Promotions.
Yesterday Vice-President Stubhs of the
Southern Pacific issued a circular of no
tification to the effect that the recom
mendations for promotion he recently
made had received the sanction of C. P.
Huntington and the new officers would
enter upon the duties of their offices on
March 1.
The changes which will take place are
as follows: William Sproule to be freight
and traffic manager, vice Smurr. de
ceased; A. D. Shepard to be general
freight agent, vice Sproule. promoted; S.
W. Luce to be assistant general freight
and passenger agent at Los Angeles, vice
Shepard, promoted, and S. N. Bostwick
and S. A. Panikins to be assistant gen
eral freight agents in this city.