TCKLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 73.
FRANCE WILL
LAY A CABLE
TO HONOLULU
STARTLING
MISSION OF
A WARSHIP
Letter Carried by the
Duguay Trouin to
Hawaii.
It Has Thrown President
Dole's Government
Into a Flutter.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 3.— The French
cruiser Duguay Trouin entered port !
this morning, and the usual salutes ;
were exchanged. The Cabinet is be- j
wildered, as the vessel brought a let- !
ter informing the Government that the j
French cable from Tahiti, touching at
Honolulu, was to be immediately laid,
and that in future the steamers of the '
Meesageries Imperiales would call at
this port.
The man-of-war Is ordered to remain
here for an indefinite stay. The Gov- j
eminent cannot understand this move,
and has cabled to-day to Washington
for instructions and advice.
The Dugnay Trouin sailed from Cal
lao on the Tth ult., and used her can
vas a good part of the way up, expe
riencing good weather all the way.
There have been no changes in her
complement of officers since she was
here last year. Following is the full
list: Commodore Fort, Commander
Pugiblet, Flag Lieutenant McGuckin de
Slane, Surgeon Labadens, Paymaster
Ranch and Chief Engineer Lennox,
Lieutenants Fromy, Guthgsell, Tenier,
Forsey, Allemamot, Mondot and
O'Neill, Aspirants dv Brossay, Brossier,
Bemoit, Brousse, Lecannis and Rhobt.
When the Duguay Trouin called in
here in September last, on her way
from Tahiti to San Francisco, she re
mained fourteen days in port, and her
officers, in appreciation c-f courtesies
shown them by the shore folks, gave
a big party aboard, which was largely
attended. The officers on their arrival
here to-day found several bags of mail
awaiting.
The Duguay Trouin has been sta
tioned on the Pacific about seven
years. When she sailed from here the
last time, the officers expected that
she would cruise along the coast of
South America until summer and then
go home, to be replaced next year by
a modern -4000 ton cruiser. She went
from San Francisco direct to Callao,
and remained there until she received
her present orders.
PITTSBURGH GREAT
LOSS BY THE FIRE.
Eleven People Dead, Twenty-seven
Missing and Eighteen Injured
Is the Terrible Record.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 10.— Eleven people
dead, twenty-seven missing and eighteen
injured, and property loss of $1,500,000, is
the awful record of the big fire of last
night. Following is a revised list of the
dead and missing:
The dead: Police Lieutenant A. J.
Berry, John M.llanna. William Scott
Jr., Stanley Stitz, John Dwyer, George
Loveless, William Smith, Albert Wolffe,
Thomas Claffey, William R. Wallrhaben
stein, an unknown man supposed to be
John Scott, the youngest son of the
president of the Chautauqua Ice Com-
pany.
The missing: Georpe Newman, fire in
spector of the Philadelphia Gas Com
paiiy; William Doran, William Finch. Ed
ward Donnelly, Christie Schriver, James
}'. Morrison, Professor James Moxan (an
orpranist at Evangel Church, Bushton,
Pa.;, .D. B. Weickerly, John Gerry, Geo.
McDonald, Jack Farrell, Samuel Mc-
Laughlin.
JOHNSTON CANYON
TUNNEL REOPENED.
Long Stoppage of Traffic That Has
Hurt the Santa •Fe Com- .
pany.
ASH FORK. Ariz., Feb. 10.— The John
ston Canyon tunnel repairs were com
pleted this afternoon, and the first train
has gone through. Everything is in ex
cellent condition, and there is "every as
surance that the tunnel will be kept open
i»i mthlßm thlB date on - Jt has been closed for
«« ?h ly £ month, entailing enormous loss
on the Santa Fe Company. ~ J
The San Francisco Call
FRENCH CRUISER DUGUAY TROUIN.
BOTHERED BY
THE CANADIAN
REGULATIONS
Captain Goodall Not Permitted
to Use an American Steamer
in Saving the Corona.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 10.— Captain
Gpodall has had an awkward experi
ence with the international coasting
and wrecking regulations, which has
interfered considerably with the plans
for saving the Corona, which he cher
ished upon leaving San Francisco.
When the captain arrived at Victoria,
he wished to employ the steamer Cleve
land, then shortly to sail for the north,
to do the necessary work upon the
Corona, and with this In view applied
to Collector Milne for the necessary
authority, the wreck being in Canadian
waters. This the collector refused on
the ground that wrecking In Canadian
waters can be performed only by a
Canadian vessel.
Then Captain Goodall determined to
proceed to the scene of the wreck on
his company's steamer, Queen, and.
thereupon, applied for permission for
her to call at Lewis Island, some few
miles distant from where the Corona
lies. Again he was met with a refusal
from the collector, this time the coast
ing regulations standing in the way.
Captain Goodall then fell back upon
the only resource available, obtaining
the services of the local steamer Maud?
I" tnke himself, pumping apparatus,
and timbers. The Maude was to have
sailed on Saturday, but experienced Cc
lay in stowing the unusually Me ivy
cargo, and then was detained by
weather rather rough for a craft of her
size, so it was only yesterday that she
got .-i way from Victoria.
The steamship City of Topeka came
into port about 11 o'clock to-night, hav
ing left Sitka on the 4th inst. and
Juneau two days later. The Topeka
brings the news that the body of a
dead man has been discovered on board
of the wrcked steamer Corona. Al
though floating about in the hold of the
vessel it had not been recovered. It is
now believed that another dead body
is also on the Corona, as it is known
that the. 'j were two stowaways aboard.
They were in the coal hole when last
heard of, and when the steamer struck,
the hatchway leading into this part of
the vessel was closed down. One of
the stowaways was a well-dressed man,
and is supposed to have come from the
East.
Wild Geese Become a Pest.
STOCKTON, Feb. 10.— The wild geese
are remaining along the sloughs and riv
ers so long this year that they have be
come a dangerous pest. They are nipping
SAN". FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
the youngr wheat to a great extent, and
the farmers are becoming: so alarmed that
they are soaking wheat in strychnine and
throwing it over the fields. Dead geese
are laying around in profusion, but for
ever; one killed ten more seem to come.
ONLY DISEASED FRUITS
ARE NOW KEPT OUT.
There Will Be No Further Corre
spondence With Germany in
Regard to the Matter.
NEW YORK, x'eb. 10.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: There will be
no further correspondence with Germany
in, regard to the action of that Govern
ment in excluding \diseased American
fruits. Information received by the State
Department from Emba\sador White has
convinced tne authorities that the regula
tions put in force by the modified German
decree for the exclusion of fruit and
plants affected by the parasite known as
the San Jose scale are not any more
stringent than the regulations enforced
by the States of Washington and Oregon
to prevent the introduction of the pest
into those States, and they are not, there
fore, considered by the administration to
be unreasonable. Assistant Secretary of
State Adee has prepared for the depart
ment a lengthy document, giving the his
tory of San Jose scale and of its spread
in this and other countries. A copy of
this will be forwarded to Embassador
White for his information and guidance.
Secretary Sherman said to-day: "The
action by this Government and by its
diplomatic representative at Berlin for
the protection of all legitimate commer
cial and exporting interests injuriously
affected by the German prohibition was
prompt and effective, and, as the
matter now stands, the admission of
American fresh fruit into Germany has
been secured in all cases save where the
actual existence of the San Jose insect
upon the fruit or in the packings thereof
is ascertained."
PRESIDENT CUESTAS
DISSOLVES CONGRESS.
Establishment of a Provisional Gov-
ernment in "Uruguay Followed
by a Manifesto.
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 10.— President
Cueatas of Uruguay and his ministers
have signed a decree dissolving Congress
and establishing a provisional govern
ment, says the Herald's correspondent in
Montevideo. This decree was followed by
a manifesto justifying the measure.. The
Uruguayan officials admit that the situa
tion there is grave. Troops and com
panies of the national guards occupy the
principal points of the city. Members of
the dissolved Congress are preparing a
manifesto to be Issued to-morrow.
SUICIDE OFA
REMARKABLE
ADVENTURER
Baron Harden Hiokey
Ends His Life
With Poison.
His Poverty and Trouble
Cause Him to Take a
Dose of Morphine.
Noted as a Duelist in France
and Later as the "King
of Trinidad."
HE WEDS MISS FLAGLER.
His Latest Scheme Was to Become
the Sovereign of the Hawaiian
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Oct. 10.— Baron Harden
Hickey, who several years ago pro
claimed himself "James I of Trin
idad," who had fought duels in France,
who married Miss Anna Flagler.
daughter of John H. Flagler of the
Standard Oil Company, was found
dead by his own hand to-day in the
Pierson Hotel in this city. It was not
until his papers were "examined that
his Identity became known.
The Baron arrived in this cNty from
Mexico on February 3 and haNfl been
staying since at the Pierson Ylotel.
He was last seen alive at half-p\st 7
o'clock last evening by the hotel c.l»rk,
when he retired to his room. His ab
sence from breakfast was noted, anil
at half-past 11 this morning an effort
was made to arouse him. As no re
sponse to the knock was received the
door was forced.
His body was found stretched across
the bed. It was evident at a glance
that the man was dead and that he
had died by poison.
Policemen and physicians were
hastily summoned, and an examination
of the dead man's effects was made.
Among them was found enough poison
to have effected the death of a regi
ment. There was also a letter, ad
dressed to his wife, which was written
on Tuesday night. It was directed to
the Baroness Harden Hickey, Corona.
Riverside County, Cal., and read as
follows:
My Dearest: No news from you, although
you have had plenty of time to answer
my last letter. I expect to leave this
hotel to-morrow or the day after. Harvey
has written me that he has no one in
view In buying my land at present Well
I shall have drained the cup of bitter
ness to the very dregs; but I do not com"
plain. I prefer to be a dead gentleman to
a living blackguard like . Good-by I
forgive your conduct toward me, and trust
you will be able to forgive yourself Ever
affectionately, HARDEN.
An examination of the body by phy
sicians showed that the baron died
from morphine poisoning, and that life
had been extinct for many hours. Very
little money was found among his
effects, and It is presumed that pov
erty, together with family troubles
hinted at in a letter, was the moving
factor in causing the suicide.
Among his effects were found dozens
of medals and insignia and papers of
much interest. Many of them bore on
his scheme for establishing a military
colony on the island of Trinidad, of
which he was to be dictator. His' pa
pers also disclosed that he had been
interested in other and more ambitious
projects— notably a plot to place him
at the head of the royalist Government
in Hawaii. Among these papers is the
following from Ralston J. Markoe
which speaks for itself: '
San Francisco, Aug. 26, 1895.
Baron Harden Hickey, Los Angeles, Cal
Monsigneur— Your favor of August 16
has been received. First— l am the duly
authorized agent of Royalist party in so
far as is possible for any one to occupy
that position under the existing circum
stances. With the Queen in her prison
and absolutely cut off from all communi
cation with her friends it is. of course,
out of the question for me to carry any
thing like formal credentials.
Second— Alienating any part of terri-
Continued on Second Page.
ONE OFFICER
NOT AFRAID
TO TESTIFY
General PellieuxDoes
Not Plead Profes
sional Secrecy.
Relates the Story of the
Esterhazy Court of
Inquiry.
He Denounces the Conduct of
Colonel Picquart as Most
Disgraceful.
DREYFUS' CASE KEPT OUT.
By a Skillful Maneuver Zola's Attor
ney Gets Some Information
Before the Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— According
to a special dispatch from Paris
Mme. Dreyfus is so seriously ill,
owing to worry, that she is un
able to appear on the witness
stand in the Zola trial, and in
any case she refuses to furnish
any further testimony.
PARIS, Feb. 10.— The examination of
M. Tauriex, the former Minister of
Justice, was completed at to-day's ses
sion of the Assize Court of the Seine,
before which M. Zola and M. Perrieux,
manager of the Aurore, are being tried,
the former writing and the latter print
ing a letter reflecting upon the Ester
hazy court-martial.
M. Tauriex said that while he was
Minister of Justice he had nothing to do
with the Dreyfus case. He appro% r ed of
M. Scheurer-Kestner's agitation of the
matter.
When Commandant Fornesetti was
called M. de le Gorgue, presiding Judge,
refused to allow him to be questioned
regarding the Dreyfus case, and M.
Laborie, counsel for M. Zo'u, an
nounced that owing to the action of the
court he would abandon the examina
tion of Commandant Fornesetti and
Captain Le Brun-Renaud and others,
whom he only desired to question re
garding the Dreyfus case.
Major Paty dv Clam was recalled
and refused to reply to questions put
to him relative to Mme. de Comrain
ges. The major also refused to reply
to other questions on the ground of
"professional secrecy."
General Gonz and Colonel Henry
gave explanations of the indiscretions
of Colonel Picquart, who had knowl
edge of some secret papers of the Min
ister for War. •
General Pellieux, who was appointed
to investigate the Dreyfus ise and
upon whose report Major Esterhazy
was court-martialed, was examined.
General Pellieux said he would tell the
whole truth and not plead "profes
sional secrecy." He then proceeded to
Continued on Second Pass.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
\
feather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Friday, with con
ditions favorable for. showers in the
afternoon ; northwesterly, changing to
southeasterly, winds."
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours: ' •
San Francisco 58 degrees
Portland ..;! ....48 degrees
Los Angeles 70 degrees
San Diego ...............62 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
French Take a Hand in Hawaii.
Canadian Pretensions Increase.
Baron Harden-Hlckey Takes Poison.
Madame Dreyfus Seriously 111.
Spain Must Apologize to McKinley.
BECOND PAOE.
Bikers Elect Potter President.
Politics Simmer In the Interior.
A Tragedy of the Desert.
Los Angeles Water Fight.
A Royal Hawaiian Betrothal.
THIRD PAGE.
Bkaguay Wants Martial Law.
Relief Ship for Klondike.
Rich Strike on American Soil.
Defective Ammunition Scandal
Brecklnridge Will Not Fight.
FOURTH PAGE.
Belew Will Fight for Life.
Why Barrios -Was Slain.
No Annexation This Session
Swift Runs to Honolulu.
Fighting Rebels in Formosa
Senator Allen Assails Reed.
FIFTH PAGE.
The Hammam Baths Fire. •
Two Coming Stars.
It Was Babies' Day.
Williams Wanted Tips.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The De Lome Incident.
Corporation Nerve.
An Interesting Contemporary.
Still Groping in Error.
Excessive Canadian Enterprise.
The Homicidal Suicide.
Stories From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
The Harbor Board Trial.
The Trial of Figel.
News of the Water Front.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
NINTH PaGE.
Oakland Wins Its Water Fight
An Unbidden Guest Came.
News From Across the Bay.
TENTH PAGE.
Three Rattling Rounds.
Racing at Oakland.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Director Waller Indicted.
Camarlnos' Mysterious Death.
Preparing to Fix Rates..
From Telephone to Title.
MADRID
DOES NOT
APOLOGIZE
Spanish Government's De a
lay Not Satisfactory
to the President/
Unless There Is arw Expression
of Regret There May Be a
Serious Breach Between
the Two Countries.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Although Spain has accepted the res
ignation of Senor de Lome as Minis
ter in Washington, the incident will
not be considered closed until Spain has
disavowed his letter or made some ex
pression of regret concerning the con
duct of her late Minister. The author
ities here have been anxiously wait
ing all evening to hear from Madrid,
through Minister Woodford, that some
disavowal had been made. Up to a
late hour to-night the President had
not been advised of the character of the
response made by Spain to the demand
for Senor de Lome's recall.
Assistant Secretary of State Day re
ceived a cipher dispatch from Minister
Woodford to-night, but he would make
no further statement concerning it than
that it confirmed the press dispatch
concerning the acceptance of Senor de
Lome's resignation and announcing the
appointment of Senor Dubcrsc, first sec
retary of legation, as Charge d'Af
faires ad interim. It was apparent the
reply was not what Assistant Secre
tary Day expected, and that some ad
ditional information is desired from
Minister Woodford before the incident
will be regarded as at an end.
At any rate, the authorities will not
consider the matter disposed erf until
the Cabinet meeting to-morrow. The
whole subject will then be discussed
and the course of future action decid
ed upon. I can state authoritatively
that President McKtnley expected
either compliance with his request for
the recall of Senor de Lome or some
expression of regret on the part of
Spain accompanying the announcement
of the acceptance of his resignation,
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— A spe
cial to the World from Washing
ton says: A member of the dip
lomatic corps, who had Just
called on the ex-Minlster from
Spain, to-day said: "De Lome
says the effect of his resig
nation will be that the Liberal
Ministry under Sagasta will be
forced out of office almost at
once. In the new Ministry he will
be either Prime Minister or Min
ister of Foreign Affairs. Either
position will give him the scope
he needs."
which would show that the Spanish
Government repudiated his conduct. It
is possible that the new Charge d'Af
faires of the Spanish legation will call
at the State Department to-morrow,
and will accompany the formal notifi
cation of his appointment and the ac
ceptance of the resignation of Senor de
Lome, with an expression of regret of
his Government on account of the oc
currence. It is also possible that be-
fore the Cabinet meets to-morrow fur- !
ther dispatches frc-m Minister Wood- j
ford of a satisfactory nature will be re- i
ceived. This is what the authorities j
hope for. It is what they consider they ,
have a right to expect.
Spain's new Ministry has thus far
dealt with all pending questions be
tween the two countries with decorum.
BARON HARDEN-HICKEY.
PRICE FIVE (DENTS.
FEAR A WAR
WITH SPAIN
/ — . - :-H
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett 4
/ <
/MADRID, Feb. 10.— The , Gov- ■ 4
ernment feels severely, the blow " 4
• which has fallen upon ; It in the 4
indiscretion of Senor de Lome, 4
• whose resignation was accepted 4
to-day at 'the council held in the 4
Palace, but the broad-minded at- 4
titude taken by Mr. McKinley., 4
■ that between the fault of its 4
;. ; Minister and the Spanish Gov- 4
ernment there can be no connec- 4
■ tion or responsibility, •it is felt 4
• will be shared by all unpreju- 4
diced Americans. 4
• 'The Spanish Ministry contln- 4
■ ues to talk most hopefully and 4
• peacefully. , ' \h
General Woodford refuses to "I
■ say anything, but the best. in- 4
formation I can get" is that the 4
situation is becoming very 4
• strained. I have . further excel- ■<
■ lent authority for saying .that 4
■ the recent note of Spain to the 4
■ United States, was not in any 4
. way in the nature of a demand -
or an appeal for a sign of friend- 4
■ liness from the United States •<
■.. Government, and not in any way ■"
• £ meant to impede the progress" of ■" ■«
• negotiations or open out a new «
■ series"of exchange notes between -
■ the -governments. It will _■ not «
• even call for a reply. ' .. rr £ m * ' *
4
Failure to in some way publicly dis
claim responsibility for the indiscre
tion of her Minister here by an answer
to a note to Minister Woodford may ba
considered in the nature of an affront.
The authorities here consider that
they took the mildest course possible
under the circumstances, and that
Spain, unless she wishes to assume re
sponsibility for Senor de Lome's letter,
cannot but disavow it. It makes little
difference to them what becomes of
Senor de Lome after he leaves here or
what form the Madrid Government
adopts in withdrawing him. All that
will be insisted upon Is that the Span
ish Government shall not tacitly ap
prove his course.
IT has been the earnest wish of the
President to have the incident closed
as promptly as possible, and to avoid
anything that would cause irritation.
If Spain declines to repudiate the ac
tion of her Minister, the authorities will
consider that his letter can no longer
be treated as a mere private communl*
cation from Senor de Lome to Senor
Canalejas, but as a letter from a Min
ister of Spain, for which Spain assumes
full responsibility. Upon the nature of
the reply that the Sagasta Ministry
has made to the note delivered by Min
ister Woodford the whole situation de
pends. Until this has come before the
President and he has had an opportun
ity to discuss it with his Cabinet, the
authorities with whofri I talked to
night were reluctant to speculate about
the future course of the United States.2
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Up to the
close of office hours the State Depart
ment had not heard from Mr. Wood
ford. Under the peculiar circum
stances existing the ceremonies at
tending the departure of the Spanish
Minister are in doubt. It is usual when
a foreign representative leaves the
country tor him to be received in for
mal audience at the White House,
when ai> exchange of well wishes takes
place between him and the President.
It is hardly expected that this for
mality will be observed in the present
case, owing to the personal aspects of
th.^ incident.
In cases that approach this in most
respects the Minister has usually al
low. .1 nia lettera of recall to be pre
sented by his successor. Senor iluru
aga. who was Senor de Lome's pre
decessor, left Washington suddenly on
leave of absence shortly after the ap
pearance in a newspaper of an inter
view in which he criticized our Govern
ment, lie did not return to Washing
ton, but Senor Dupuy de Lome ap
peared with the letters of recall of Ins
predecessor and letters accrediting him
as his buecesaor, so that there is a pre
cedent for the failure on the part of
the retiring Minister to take leave of
our officials. It is said at the state
Department that there- i.s no time limit
ih which Pc Lome must leave Wash
ington, and being now only a private
Spanish citizen, he may take a reason
able time t<> arrange his affaire here
without calling for criticism.
The Do Lome letter has already at
tracted the attention of foreign Gov
ernments and appears to pc regarded
by them as an important factor in the
general Cuban question. Pome of the
foreign Ministers at Washington have
advised their Governments fully of the
occurrernce. These wore misleading at
the outset, for members of the diplo
matic corps assumed that the letter
was a forgery and some advices civi
veyed this view of the case. Now that
its genuineness has been established the
facts have been sent to most of the
foreign capitals.
No Ineideni In recent days has caused
such a sensation in the ranks of the
diplomatic corps. There is universal
regret among the Bmbassadors and
Ministers who have been brought into
close relations with Senor de L^me. It
has also aroused a keen discussion as
to the right of criticism which a Min
ister can indulge in under the seal of
a private letter. While there is no gen
eral consensus of opinion among diplo
matic authorities, yet many of th.'in
tak*> the view that it is not only a
right but a duty of a Minister to pre
sent every detail of a personal nature
•which in his judgment may aid in a
correct understanding of a case.
When inquiries were made at the
Spanish legation as to how the letter
reached the hands of the Cuban junta
it was said that the statements made
by the junta as to Canalejas receiving
the letter were absolutely false. Pri
vate inquiries, it was stated, had been
made through a New York gentleman
•which had disclosed that Canalejas
never saw the letter. This inquiry wag
sent by cablegram direct to Canalejas,
now at Madrid, and he was asked if he
had ever received a letter of the char
acter described. To this Senor Canale
jas answered that he never received the
letter, and knew nothing of its con
tents: that if he had received "it, he
would have mads answer to the let
ter. There has never been an acknowl
edgment or an answer from Canalejas.
After this statement direct from Ca
nalejas, the Spanish authorities regard
it as plain that the letter was stolen
in transit, and the reports of Canalojas
receiving it and reading it to Dr. Con
gosto are fabrications intended to cover
up the plan by which the letter was ab
stracted. The fact that the envelope
BETROTHAL OF ROYAL HAWAIIANS.
Princess Victoria KaSulanJ, Heiress to the Pretensions of Ex-Queen Liliuoka
, rlanl, to Become the Wife of Prince David Kawarianakoa.A i
HONOLUIiU, Feb. 3. — The Call is permitted to announce that a marriage has been arranged between Prince
David Kawananakoa and Princess Victoria Kaiulani. The formal betrothal merely aw«its the signature to certain
deeds of family settlement of Dowager Queen Kapiolanl, a considerable portion of whose large property will be do
nated to her nephew and his brother, Prince Jonah (Cupid) Kalanianaole.
It will be remembered that Princess Kaiulani is the daughter of ex-Governor Archibald Scott Cleghorn and the
late Princess Miriam Likelike, and under the monarchical regime would have succeeded Queen Liliuokalani to the
throne of Hawaii.
Prince David is the son nf David Kahalepouli, a famous high chief, and Kinoikl Kekaullke, the younger sla
ter of Queen Kapiolani. He is an extremely popular young Hawaiian, has enjoyed a thorough English education,
nftor graduating from a famous semi-military institution near San Mateo, California, and has studied scientific
agriculture at Cirencester, England. He is an enthusiastic yachtsman and athlete, and above all bears an excellent
reputation as a true and honorable gentleman, devoted to the best interests of his country. His early California
training has had its influence on his personal character, and most advantageously. He was destined under the mon
archy for a career in the Department of Foreign Affairs, and for some time acted as a student-clerk in that office,
evincing a disposition for hard and faithful work somewhat surprising to his superiors, considering the temptations
to which his tjien high position subjected him.
This marriage will undoubtedly be used by politicians to ask the question: "Is Queen Kaiulani the logic of
Hawaiian history?" At any rate this announcement ehould dispose of the scare of annexation by Great Britain
or Japan.
was not produced is taken as another
evidence that the letter was taken In
transit, as the envelope would have dis
closed the postmarks, with the time of
sending and receipt, both in this coun
try and Havana, if it ever reached the
latter place.
THE SPANISH PRESS
IN HOSTILE MOOD.
They Think the Government at
Madrid Should Not Have Re
called De Lome.
MADRID, Feb. 10.— The candidature
of Senor Muruaga to succeed Senor
de Lome has been abandoned. The
Government maintains its reserve, de
siring to secure the approval of Wash
ington, according to diplomatic cus
tom, before appointing Senor de
Lome's successor.
i El Perchasays: Senor de Lome's res
ignation has beon accepted, the inter
. national question disappears. Never
theless the Cuban insurgents have
succeeded in chasing from Washington
a representative of Spain who always
displayed great zeal to prevent fili
bustering expeditions, but they have
done so by tricks only employed by the
clients of penitentiaries.
Correspondencia de Militair says:
The Government should not have ac
cepted Senor de Lome's resignation.
The American attitude is offensive and
humiliating to Spain.
El Correro Bspana, the Carlist or
gan, says: Events precipitate them
selves and we are at the beginning of
the end of our respect for the United
States.
La Nacional, the Weylerist organ,
reproaches the Government for yielding
to the exigencies of Washington and
adds: The United States have become
our lords and masters.
THE LONDON PRESS
GENERALLY UNFRIENDLY.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— The New York
correspondent of the Daily News says:
"Senor de Lome was sometimes trou
blesome on account of his disposition to
assume a high manner over Cuban af
fairs, but he usually subsided when he
found it unsuccessful. A less tactful
successor may precipitate a crisis, for
the situation is full of dangerous ele
ments, but trouble may be averted if
President McKinley holds the affair
completely in his own hands."
The Daily Telegraph editorially cen
sures Senor de Lome's injudicious and
ill-timed letter. The New York corre
spondent of the Standard says: "Presi
dent McKinley was the coolest man in
Washington, and almost exaggerated
the slightness of the personal offense in
order to steady raging Congressmen."
The Standard, editorially, says: "The
responsibility for preventing the affair
reaching a dangerous phase appears to
lie wholly with Spain. The sympathy
Of observers will be with President Mc-
Kinley rather than with Senor deLome,
whose letter shows that he is destitute
of the qualities required by his pro
fession. We confess we should like to
know the facts as to the theft of the
alleged letter, whose opportune produc
tion looks suspicious. But if its use
were designated to hasten the crisis the
designers seem to have gained nothing
beyond a change of Ministers."
The Morning Post says editorially: !
"The Cuban Junta has quite uncon- i
sciously done President McKinley a j
considerable service. Amid the break- i
down of his financial policy and the
gloomy prophecies as to the coming
ele< lions, the De Lome letter is a happy
discovery. It enables the Cabinet to
assume an air of outraged dignity and
then insist upon reparation from Spain I
without in any way committing itself
on the general question of Cuban poli
tics. The letter was quite natural for j
Senor de Lome to send, and the im- j
petuous and high-handed proceedings
of the Washington Government form ;
another illustration of the total con- j
tempt for good manners which charac
terizea the State Department. In this I
case their energy is stimulated by the !
opportunity to please the rabble of j
their party without actually provoking j
Spain to declare war."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
POTTER YET
PRESIDENT
__ . x j ii TT J
Re-elected as the Head
of the Wheelmen of
America. '"
Other Officers Chosen at the
National Assembly at
St. Louis.
List of the California Members Who
Have Been Reinstated by the
League.
# , Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 10.— The National
Assembly of the League of American
Wheelmen got down to business to
day. The reports of the officers and
standing committees were promptly
adopted, and the assembly proceeded to
the election of officers.
The following officers were elected
without much opposition: President,
Isaac Potter of New York; first vice
president, Thomas J. Keenan Of Penn
sylvania; second vice-president, E. N.
Hines; treasurer, James C. Tattersallof
New Jersey.
The afternoon session was given up
to the consideration and disposal of
miscellaneous business and the final
discussion of amendments to the con
stitution and bylaws.
Invitations were received on behalf at
Philadelphia and Providence, R. I. f for
the national assembly to hold its next
convention in 1899, in one or the other
of those cities. Providence was chosen
by a large majority.
The additional reinstatements follow:
San Francisco— F. C. Borchman, W.
J. Black, R. H. Rosenheim, George
Thome, M. J. Francis, John Davidson,
C. J. Birdsall, J. \V. McGilvary. A. J.
Rtrei, R. A. Coulter, E. H. Ward, J. E.
Wallace, M. Kiolberg, A. Siegfreid, F.
Heur, Dr. Bell, T. H. White, Robert
D. Black. O. O. Hoffman, J. Baptiste,
R. E. Hainan, R. F. Gralindo, T.
Chapman, W. Rusher, L. A. Burke,
George W. Ferris, A. E. Cumber, W.
Hamilton. F. G. Coxhead, G. N. Depuy,
F. W. Phillips, W. H. Smith. M. F.
Rose, E. T. Morvey, W. If. Bray, C. H.
Staples, F. C. Behrman, T. M. Gllman,
F. Maunder, L. Desot, F. Thomas, J.
C. Falbe, F. R. Haley, A. Perry, T.
Bmderick, H. Kahn, J. H. Nash, I. R.
Lind, W. J. Mills, George Pecht, A.
Reidy, Johann Winn. Emil Schoenwald,
W. C. Nunan, H. W. Squires, L. H.
Kniith, H. Anderson, George M. Bed
bury.
Oakland— E. M. Whaley, M. J. Curtis
and W. W. Thompson.
San Jose— T. J. Hagan, C. M. Smith
and Tony Delmas.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 10.— After a long
and varied career on the flat Evanatus
was tried at the hurdles to-day and re
fused the first jump. The track was fast
and the weather fair. Aunt Magpie and
Takanassee were the only winning favor
ites. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, selling. Aunt Mag
gie won, Tom Kinsley second, Saratoga third.
Time, l;23Vi. . . -
Six furlongs, Takanassee won,'Brighter'sec
ond, Alklris third. Time, 1:1.". ■'■'• ■*.-...
Handicap, one mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles, Arrezzo won, - Repeater second. Brake
man third. Time. 2:06%.
Handicap, seven furlongs, David won, Sim
W second. Colonel Gay third. Time. 1:29.
One mile, selling, Percy V won. Possum sec
ond. H. B. Back third. Time. 1;43',i.
Seven furlongs, Tremona won, Maggie S sec
ond. Shuttlecock third. Time, 1:30.
POLITICS ON
THE SIMMER
Candidates Under Dis
cussion at the State
Capital.
Secretary of State Brown Has
Strong Support for the
Governorship.
•
Judge Walling of Nevada City Is Out
for Congress From the Second
District
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 9.— The recent
rain, with its bountiful blessings, has
not only revived and given new life to
the seed sown some weeks ago, but
seems to have stimulated and awak
ened the patrons of political husbandry
and the crops of that character not
already in are being planted to a
greater acreage and preparations for
an early harvest are being actively
made.
W. R. Davis of Oakland spent a
couple of days here last week and scat
tered a few seed, which he hopes may
multiply to his profit later on. He en
countered winds from other directions,
however, and those who are looking
after the interests of L. H. Brown and
Attorney-General Fitzgerald declare
that what little sowing he did will not
thrive, as the soil of Sacramento Coun
ty has been and is being cultivated for
other crops than his.
The announcement in the Oakland
Tribune to the effect that L. H. Brown
had retired from the fight for Gover
nor has resulted in quite an active
movement in that direction on the part
of his Sacramento friends and sup
porters.
Mrs. L. H. Brown, in speaking of the
report, made the following statement
to The Call correspondent to-day: "You
may say positively that such a report
has no foundation in truth. In fact,
Mr. Brown is now actively engaged in
mapping out and planning his cam
paign. The attending physicians have
advised me to the effect that should
Mr. Brown now take their advice and
refrain from excitement and bother of
official cares for a week or so more he
will be stronger than he has been for
six years, and it is their wish that he
should be careful now in order that he
may be fully prepared to enter into any
kind of a venture later on.
"Mr. Brown put in an hour 'of hard
work yesterday, and it is now our in
! tention to go to San Francisco the last
of the week and later on we may take
a trip south. I have received several
letters making inquiries concerning the
report in the Oakland paper, and you
can ,: say for Mr. Brown that the
thought of retiring from the fight has
never entered his head, and in a short
; time he will be able to take up matters
pertaining to the contest with his old
time vigor and energy." , . • '.J ■:■■■
While, nothing of a positive nature
could be gathered at;, the office of the
■ Attorney-General. , Judge v'C.. N. ? Post
and Charles H. J:\ckson, the represen
tatives of the Attorney-General in Sac
i ramento, are both sanguine of their
principal's ultimate victory. • . ... .
The Congressional contest in the Sec
ond District has brought out Judge J.
M. Walling of Nevada, City, and his
great strength is conceded by all. The
Record- Bays editorially:
Judge J. M. Walline of Nevada City
will geek the Republican nomination . for
Congressman for the Second District.
Judge Walling is a strong man, extreme
ly popular in the mining counties and
thoroughly acceptable to the agricultural
; portions of the district. He was depart
: ment commander of the Grand Army in
California last year, is a leading Odd Fel
j low and Mason, and is well known
I throughout the State. He has served on
i the judicial bench with great distinction.
He is regarded by all other candidates in
the district as formidable. .
The supporters of Judge Walling aro !
further urging his no-mination upon j
the claim of locality. Amador, El Do
rado, San Joaquin and Sacramento
counties have all had the naming of a
Congressman from the Second, and
now Nevada, which has always stood
up good and strong for the o-ther nom
inees, claims the turn to put forward
one of her favorite champions. The
good feeling now prevailing between
, the mining and agricultural counties,
; which go to make up the Second Con
gressional District, will certainly insure
the electic-n of Judge Availing.
Hon. E. C. Voorheis, State Senator
from Amador and Calaveras, has been
urged by his friends to stand in, but
he declines, and in speaking to the i
representative of The Call said: "My!
mining Interests are such as to abso- ;
iutely preclude every possibility of my
becoming a candidate for any office. I j
could not under any circumstance or
contingency be persuaded to accept
any office of a public nature."
Jacob H. Xeff of Placer County is j
being urged by his many friends to ac- !
i cept the nomination for Governor, but j
as yet they have not been able to se
cure his consent.
"His popularity throughout the State
would certainly insure his election,"
said J. J. Crawford, ex-State mineral
ogist and prominent Republican lead
er of El Dorado County.
The Republicans are not alone in
preparing for the fray, which will be
on us before we know it, provided the
Supreme Court sustains the enactment
of the Stratton primary law.
The Bryan Silver-Republican, Dem
ocrat and Populist aggregation had a
meeting last night, and arranged for
the firing of the first gun. Hon. C. A.
Towne, ex-Congressman from Minne
sota, is going to touch it off on the
24th day of February, provided suffi
cient funds can be collected to buy the
powder and hire a hall.
In the way of local matters things
are moving along smoothly, with May
or Land and the trustees throwing bou
quets at one another, and at the same
time giving Sacramento a promise- of
the best administration the capital
city has ever had.
PIONEER EDUCATOR
DIES AT SAN JOSE.
After Long Service in the Public
Schools, Mrs. Bassett Yields
to Old Age.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— Mrs. Elizabeth J.
Bassett, a pioneer schoolteacher, died at
the home of her daughter, Mrs. O. A.
Hale at an early hour this morning. She
was a native of Buffalo, N, V., and 71
years old. Deceased crossed the plains
to California in the early fifties, and at
once settled in San Jose. Mrs. Bassett
was one of the first schoolteachers in this
city, and for twenty-five years tnught In
the public schools. Three children survive
her— Mrs. O. A. Hale and Mrs. C. H. Field
of this city and Mrs. David Goodsell of
Portland, Or. The funeral will take place
Saturday afternoon.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggist* refund th»> money If It fails to cure.
He The genuine baa L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CALLED TO HIS
GATE AND SHOT
Attempt to Assassinate a
Rancher Near Gila
Bend.
One Shot Misses, but a Second
Terribly Lacerates the
Man's Hand.
The Victim Suspected of Stealing
Cattle and Burning Neigh
bors' Homes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILA BEND, Ariz., Feb. 10.— This
morning about daylight an attempt was
made to assassinate Josiah Anderson,
a well-known rancher living several
miles from this place. A masked and
mounted stranger called Anderson to
his gate and fired two loads from a
shotgun point blank at him. Almost
miraculously Anderson escaped with
his life. One of the shots went wild,
the other dreadfully shattering Ander
son's hand.
The assailed man lately achieved
more than local notoriety in connection
with a theft of cattle from the ranch of
a neighbor. The charges, which are
now pending in the District Court,
have aroused the most intense bitter
ness. Another incident supposed to
have connection with the same affair
was the incendiary' firing, last night, of
the dwelling and stable of Frank D.
Welcome and the home of Mrs. S. E.
Hazzard. All three buildings were de
stroyed.
ONE OFFICER
NOT AFRAID
TO TESTIFY
Continued from First Page.
relate the story of the Esterhazy in
quiry and said that Matthieu Dreyfus
and M. Scheurer-Kestner both admitted
that they could not prove the charge
against Major Esterhazy.
General Pellieux then indulged in an
outburst against Colonel Picquart,
whom he accused of divulging an
espionage affair to an outsider, claim
ing "such conduct is shameful." Re
ferring to the bordereau, the general
declared that the alleged fac similes
: published were all fictitious. As to the
i compromising letter sent to Major Es
| terhazy, which might raise suspicion
i that he had shady relations with a for
j eign agent. General Pellieux said: "It
i is inconceivable that any one could be
so naive as to employ this method of
correspondence in a matter of such
gravity." General Pellieux here ex
pressed indignation at the "inexcusa
ble action of Colonel Picquart in having
Esterhazy's rooms burglarized without
authority of any kind."
"Colonel Picquart admitted this," the
witness continued, "and when the
court-martial acquitted Count Ester
hazy I was not astonished. I was
proud of having contributed to the ac
quittal of Esterhazy, which proves that
in the French army there are not two
traitors, but only one traitor."
General Pellieux was about to refer
to the Dreyfus case when the presid
ing judge gently interposed his usual
veto.
M. Dupuy, the former Premier, was
then called and M. Laborie began to
question him regarding the case of
Dreyfus, which the presiding judge ve
toed, whereupon M. Laborie announced
that he wo'uid throw up the examina
tion of M. Dupuy and other former
Ministers, as the ruling of the presid
ing Judge made it fruitless.
M. Thevenet, a former Minister of
Justice, who was next examined, said
he could easily understand why M. Zola
was exercised by the "veiled lady
story." M. Zola, he added, had acted
in good faith, for complete truth had
not been thrown on this matter and M.
Zola's was not the only troubled mind.
M. Thivenet expressed satisfaction at
the acquittal of Major Esterhazy,
which, he said, proved there was no
traitors in the French army, but he
"boldly insisted" that complete light
had not been cast upon this grave af
fair, which, he added, interested the
whole of Europe. He further expressed
regret that the Government had not
spoken in order to restore tranquillity
for the country. Continuing, M. The
venet said he was astonished that the
witnesses, instead of giving open testi
mony, should take refuge behind "pro
fessional secrecy."
M. Salle. a lawyer, followed M. The
venet on the witness stand. The pre
siding Judge refused' to allow questions
to be put to him concerning the Drey
fus case, and a heated discussion be
tween the Judge and M. Laborie en
sued. The latter asked for a short ad
journment in order to draw up a for
mal application that these questions
be allowed.
When the hearing was resumed M.
Laborie submitted the application re
ferred to. M. Clemenceau, counsel for
the Aurore, supported him in a skillful
maneuver. The former asked that for
mal notice be taken of the fact that M.
Salle, on the witness stand, "has not
denied that he was aware, though a
member of the court-martial, that a
secret document was submitted to the
court-martial."
The court refused both applications,
but M. Clemenceau, by his expedient of
reading a question in the form of an
application, practically obtained what
he wanted. The court then adjourned.
There was some demonstrations on
the streets to-night, but nothing seri
ous occurred. After each day's pvo
ceedinga a report of the case is tele
graphed to Emperor William.
SUICIDE OF A
REMARKABLE
ADVENTURER
Continued from First Page.
Tory cannot give rise to any constitution
al questions, for the reason that constitu
tions, like land tenures, are In a state of
such utter confusion that only a strong
hand can unravel them, and restoration
will result in the establishment of a
strong military government. If I go
down 1 with the expedition I have organ
ised I shall be in full control of the situ
ation, and In position to carry out all my
contracts.
Third— lt is the inland of Kaual on
which I propose to establish you as an
Independent sovereign.
Fourth— My plan is to successively oc
cupy all the islands, leaving the capital
till the last. When others have fallen
the capital, being cut off from all re
sources, will be easily taken, and may
even very likely fall without a fight. I
do not expect in any case to have to
fortify myself or to take the defensive
or to have to issue a call to arms, but I
shall have an overwhelming force to join
me also, in addition to those wh.o go with
me, who by themselves will be sufficient
to carry everything before them without
active co-operation from people here.
Fifth— The Government forces consist
of about 160 men and boys, with very im
perfect military training, and of whom
about forty are officers. They are or
ganized as infantry. There are also about
six hundred citizens enrolled as a civil
guard who may also be called in case
of an emergency, and about 150 police.
We can fully rely upon the assistance
of all the police and from a quarter to
half of the troops; and of the remainder
many will, under the circumstances, en
gage in a sharp fight in defense of the
present Government. There are now on
the island plenty of men and arms to ac
complish our purpose, and if my expedi
tion does not get off very soon the peo
ple there will be organized to do the work
without assistance from here, other than
the direction of a few leaders, of which
they stand more in need than anything
else.
Sixth— The toiwiage of the vessel is 14G.
She at present has berth room for twenty
men, but a bunk room can be arranged in
the hold for 868 more, with provisions for
ample ventilation. She has one complete
set of sails and two extra spars. The
remaining information as to her I will
have to obtain and send you to-morrow.
I think it must be clear to you that the
opportunity now offered you will be of
Incomparably greater value at once than
Trinidad would ever be. Still hoping that
I may have an Interview at an early day,
respectfully yours,
RALSTON J. MARKOE.
There were also papers showing that
he had once been possessed of large es
tates in the Republic of Mexico. Among
the newspaper clippings was an ac
count of his marriage in New York City
three years ago by Rev. John Hall to
Anna Flagler, daughter of the Stand
ard oil magnate.
That the Baron had only followed his
own teachings in ending his life by poi
son was evidenced by a book of which
he was the author entitled "Euthania;
or, the Ethics of Suicide."
Baron Harden Hickey was the first
of the royal dynasty of Trinidad. He
was born in San France December 8,
1854, of a Catholic and old royalist fam
ily. His ancestors, the Hickeys, orig
inally came from Ireland, having ac
companied the banished royal Stuarts
of England in their flight to France.
The young baron was educated at the
college of Jesuits at Namur, and after
ward at Leipsic. Here he established
a reputation as a first-class and fear
less duelist. When 19 years of age he
entered the French military college at
St. Cyr, but he abandoned a martial
life on the death of his father in 1873,
and devoted his life to sculpture and
literary pursuits. *
His talents first found recognition
in the shape of translations for Eng
lish magazines, but he also wrote quite
a number of works in his native lan
guage. In 1878 the irrepressible writer
started a weekly satirical paper in
Paris cabled La Tribotteta, which
landed him in constant tribulation. It
was devoted to the interests of the
royalists, and its editor, the baron,
made 114 appearances in the police
courts, paid fines amounting to 300,-'
000 francs, and fought no less than a
dozen duels. Among his antagonists
were Aurelian, Scholt, A. Lavertujon,
Tame arid De Cyon. He was eventu
ally compelled to leave France, going
to England.
The barnn was thoroughly conver
sant with the Sanskrit language, and
after studying its literature, deter
mined to propagate the religion of
Burldha throughout the United States.
In the meantime he met and married
Miss Anna Flagler, the daughter of the
Standard Oil magnate, and gave up his
intentions in that direction. He then
set about starting a new kingdom on
the island of Trinidad, but the revolu
tion in Brazil interfered with his
plans.
The enterprising Baron claimed to
have hit upon the last bit of habitable
earth upon the surface of the globe
capable of supporting a considerable
population which escaped the grabbing
greed of the annexation passion of the
powers that be, and he proposed to
make it a little power to itself. The
territory which was thus about to be
raised to the proud eminence of inde
pendent nationality is a little island
which pokes its nose out of the bed of
the South Atlantic Ocean about lati
tude 20 degrees 30 minutes south and
longitude 29 degrees 22 minutes west,
which everybody knows is 700 miles off
fhe coast of Brazil, at the point where
stands the town of Victoria. Being
compelled to abandon his kingdom
before it was born, the Baron then be
came a soldier of fortune.
FROM ATLANTIC
TO PACIFIC
Welding the Links for Another
Great Transcontinental
Railroad.
A Vanderbilt Line Will Shortly Be
Running From New York to
San Franci6co.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10.-When the consol
idation of all the roads in the present
Northwestern system has been completed
the plan now undor consideration will
have been consummated. The consolida
tions will be but the solidifying of one
link in a great chain extending over the
entire continent from the the Atlantic to
the Pacific. Once these conditions are
outof the way the field will, it is believed,
be clear for the further consolidation of
the Northwestern and Union Pacific sys
tems.
The two roads of to-day practically are
one. All affairs relating to through "busi
ness is so arranged a* to guard their in
terests and suit the convenience of each,
and the final consolidation of the two
roads will in reality be more a matter of
detail than the introduction of any radi
cal change in the relationships which now
exist between them. When they become
one in name, as they are now in action,
the conpletion of the western chain al
luded to will have taken place and noth
ing will remain but to weld it to the east
ern end, which has already been formed
by the unification of the New York Cen
tral and the Lake Shore roads. The Van
derbilt main line will then extend from
New York to San Francisco. It may be
that by that time absolute ownership of
the Central Pacific will have been se
cured. Whether it Is or not. the present
rights of the Union Pacific to cover that
line are Inalienably secured.
The Perfume of Violets . I
Pi ri i y °J t . ho lily; tlwAlowot the rose,/
and the flush of Hebo coiAine in Pozzoiu'al
wondrous Powder. •-T-r-: < • I
I . ■ . /" "" ' : Jl
~ ~f-~ : ~r— ---
LOS ANGELES'
WATER FIGHT
City Council Committee
to Inspect Sources
of Supply.
A Bone of Contention Which
May Lead to Endless
Litigation.
The Syndicated Press Still Working
for the Corporation and Against
the People.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 10.— The City
Council committee on mountain water
supply will in a few days start out to
personally Investigate the various
sources of supply which have been
offered. Chairman Grider says the
trip would have been made before had
tho recent rains not Interfered.
"We are waiting also," said he, "for
Chairman/ Hazard to announce his
| steering /committeee, so that we can
| consult With those gentlemen and learn
j what is /pest to be done."
The gfeneral opinion is that the prop
erty knj,iwn as Crystal Springs will b«
included in the schedule inventory
which }[he water company will return
,to the Council. It is upon this item
I that the water company and the city
will n^ver agree, as the city claims
! the alleged springs to be nothing more
| nor less than a part and parcel of the
Los Angeles River, to which the city'a
title has beeen granted by the courts.
In this connection the real tactics of
the water company become apparent.
In its paid authorized statement pub
lished in the midwinter number of the
Times the company insists that until
• this Crystal Springs litigation has been
! disposed of there can be no arbitration.
i This means that municipal ownership
will have to wait, if the water com
pany has its way — and that is what the
| syndicated press is striving to effect—
until that issue has been taken through
all of the State and Federal courts,
which must of necessity consume sev
| eral years, the company presumably
acting in the interval under its present
; charter. __^_^_____^__
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— The fight for
i Collector of the Port at San Diego la
| warming up. The contest seems to be
i between ex-Congressman Bowers, who
| was recommended for the place by the
i California delegation, and T. H. Silsbee.
A strong fight is being waged against
Mr. Bowers, and Silsbee may be ap
' pointed.
Congressman Hilborn is receiving the
! congratulations of friends over his selec
! tion as California's member of the Re
' publican Congressional Committee. The
! members of the delegations united upon
Mr. Hilborn for this honor.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— George W. Grant,
National City, $6; Ambrose Ferrara, San
Francisco, $6; Albert E. Young, Sutter
Creek, $8; James L,. Hicks. Pomona. $10;
i John C. Darville. Snn Diego, 112. Resto
ration and reissue — Martin V. Pomeroy,
1 dead, Pomona. $12. Orlpina! widow, etc.—
: Minors of Samuel O. <Jrnnt, D"wniovlllc.
$U. Mexican war widows— Mary Eddle
mon, Newman, $8.
Washington: Original— William Foley,
i Soldiers' Homo. Pierce, $8;. Amos Hyatt,
'■ Tenino. $10; Jesse E. Baker. Traceyton,
I $6. Original widow, etc.— Susannah Mc-
Kinsle Guy, $S.
Oregon: Original— John L. Benton,
Portland, $6. Additional— James Batch-
I elor, Salem. $6 to $S.
Congressman Loud's bill granting Amer
ican registry to the Zealandia will prob
! ably be reported favorabi3 - by the Com
| mittee on Commerce, as the committee
believes that the amount expended on her
repairs entitles her to this privilege.
TS YOUR BIRTHRIGHT. IT IS A GIFT
•*■ from nature. If you have lost or dissipated
•or frittered away the 1 best portion of your
young life, i now is the time to make an effort
to regain what is lost. The - feeble and pre-
mature are those who have disobeyed the laws
of man and the laws of science. Now comes
man with 'a knowledge of science— deep and
widespread knowledge— he says: Be a
man. Get back your strength and vigor. How?
say you. The answer Is, Use the remedy
treatment, HUDYAN. S T:' ::
HUDYAN can be had only from the doctors
of : the Hudson Medical Institute. It is a
treatment. No one else knows the secret.
HUDYAN ' restores man to the glorious prime
.and vigor ; of his true self .. HUDYAN is a
scientific treatment for. „ nervous disorders.
HUDYAN cures Vaficocele, Hydrocele, Sper-
matorrhoea, Nervousness, Sleeplessness. You
should consult the Hudson doctors about
HUDYAN . or write for circulars and testi-
monials. ;^- -."■■!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francisco, Cal.
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
Soon* tells its own tale
on your face and limbs.
You ■•. will have ' sore
patches In the throat,
■ copper-colored " spots.
' etc. When in the first,
. secondary or tertiary
form, a speedy cure Is
- ,■ effected by the Thirty-
Day Blood Cure. Write
for Thirty-Day circu-
lars.
Consult Hudson Medical Doctors Free.
UOTTQTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJII.UOIIJLiO '"• bootblacks, bath-
"Tvfwlr^ "Z.T~,-r?,~ ,- houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, '• candy-makers, canners.
dyers, ■; flourmllls. ; foundries, '• laundries, paper-
: hangers, i printers, •?_ painters, -, «hoe :■■, factories,
c tablemen, i tar-roof era, tanner*,' tailors, etc.
,^v,- s BUCHANAN 1 BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*, 6oo 6ecramentoBt.SKAGUAY IS
CALLING FOR
MARTIAL LAW
Good Citizens at the
Mercy of Despe
radoes.
Governor Brady Asks the
President to Send
Troops.
Marshal Shoup Wants Military
Posts at Both Skaguay
and Dyea.
THE SITUATION CRITICAL.
New Strikes Reported — Fort Yukon
Short of Food — Sam Wall's
Perilous Trip.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITKA, Alaska, Feb. 5 (by steamship
.City of Topeka to Seattle, Feb. 10).—
President McKinley will be called on
by Governor John G. Brady of Alaska
to enforce order at Skaguay. The sec
ond scone of the Skaguay tragedy, in
■which two men were murdered and
two arrested, has been transferred to
the capital. The transfer means busi
ness — vengeance and preservation of
order if Uncle Sam must be called upon
to maintain it.
The fact is that United States Mar
shal Shoup, who is a brother of ex-
Penator Shoup of Idaho, regards the
situation at Skaguay as critical and as
demanding the presence of an armed
force of United States troops to pro
tect life and property.
The lawless element of humanity has
drifted into Skaguay from all sections
of the earth in sufficient numbers to
almost control the town and seriously
alarm the other inhabitants. It is a
dull night, indeed, when there is not a
hold-up or a theft, and a very stormy
day when the •"sure-thing" man does
not make a "killing." and it has been
so for two weeks more.
Since my last dispatch, sent south
aboard the steamship Oregon. th>^
method of procedure at Skaguay has
been changed. Instead of appealing
direct to the Secretary of War for pro
tection it was decided to send a request
to Sitka for assistance. A paper stat
ing the facts of the situation there and
asking for help came by the same
that brought the double mur-
derer, Eddie Fay, and a man known as
"Crazy" Junes, who is charged with
assault with inK-n: to kill in emptying
the bullets of his revolver into the legs
of liariy Lamnnt, a spectator.
The remains of Deputy United States
Marshal .Mark A. Rowen and McGrath
have been interred. The sight of these
funerals greatly stirred the law-abm-
ing element of Skaguay, which, not
withstanding the overplus of toughs,
numhvr? many. The citizens held a
m meeting the next day after the mur
ders, organized and appointed a Com
mittee of Safety, which closed the thea
ter where the revolvers were fatally
flashed, and sent word broadcast
through the town that a conspicuous
example would be made of the next
man who committed a serious breach
of the peace. This was generally un
derstood to intimate the use of a length
of hemp with a body dangling at the
end.
Since then Skaguay has quieted down
somewhat. Fay says he never tended
bar before; that he was awaiting the
return of his partner, who was engaged
in getting their Klondike outfits to
Lake Bennett, and that he did not
know Rowen, who he supposed was a
friend of McGrath. .
United States Marshal Shoup was at
Rkaguay about ten days ago. At that
time he was in favor of stationing
troops at Skaguay and Dyea. He saw
then that the grafters, gambiers, bunko
men and the riffraff of the earth, com
ing in on every boat, threatened peace
and good ord»r. The citizens at that
time differed from Shoup in their opin
ion as to what ought to be done. They
wanted more United States Marshals,
rot less than ten — an Uncle Sam police
force.
Governor John G. Brady has now
taken a hand. He will appeal to the
President of the United States for a
force, military or civil, sufficient to en
force law and order. He will state the
facts of the situation and ask that o-ne
or two companies of soldiers or deputy
marshals be sent for duty at Skaguay
and Dyea, to remain there while the
rush to the Klondike by way of th*
overland passes is on. This action was
precipitated by the recent murders and
other crimes and the increasing assem
bly of crooks at the gateways to the
rich gravel beds of the Yukon.
The Governor expressed the hope
that I would not ask him for a copy
of his communication before it had
been transmitted to the President,, but
the gist of its contents is as stated.
The official communication may go
south on the steamship City of To
peka, which leaves Sitka at 9 o'clock
this morning if it can be finally pre-
THE CALL GIVES ITS READERS FAIR WARNING tbat
their offer of Scribner's History of tbe United States at over
40 per cent discount from tbe regular price will positively
close February 18. After that date prices will be advanced.
Five massive volumes on a payment of only $1,50
down, balance $2.00 n>ontbly f or eight roonths. Half
Morocco $2.00 down and $3.00 monthly for eigbt roonths.
Cf\LL AT ONCE room 1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS
BUILDING and examine tbis grand work. You will not be
urged to buy. We want you to see it.
Phone Davis 861. Give name and address and we will
send a set for examination.
We offer to send full sets to out-of-town readers free of
all expense.
We bave faitb in tbe work and know you will want it
wben you see it.
Remember, February 18 is closing day forour great offer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SCRIBNER HISTORY DEPARTMENT,
1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
SHIP LUCILE
TO TAKE SOME
RELIEF STORES
Portion of the Government Expe
dition to the Klondike Will
Be Sent North With
out Delay.
SEATTLE, Feb. 10.— Arrangements were made to-day to transport
from Seattle a portion of the Government relief expedition that is to
take food to the needy miners in the Klondike district. The fine sail
in? ship Lucile, Captain Anderson, has been secured to take a detach
ment of men and 110 pack mules to Dyea, in charge of two officers of
the United States regular army.
The expedition from Seattle was to have sailed on the steamer Sig
nal, under charter by Carroll, Johnson & Co. The date of the sailing
on the Signal was set for February 5, but the steamer was delayed by
discharging cargo in the north until past the time fixed in the con
tract with the shippers. For this reason, and for the further reason
that the officials of the department believed that If the expedition was
to accomplish the desired relief it should be started not later than the
12th of the month, it was decided to cancel the contract with the Sig
nal and send another boat.
Final arrangements were made to-day between Captain W. W. Rob
inson Jr., actir.s tor the War Department, and Havner & Co., agents
for the Lucile. for space on the boat to carry the pack train and the
men and supplies north as soon as she could be loaded. Cars con
•aining the freight and sleds were hurried from the Northern Pacific
sheds to Schwnbacher's dock this afternoon, and the work of loading
> ship will be begun to-morrow morning bright and early. The Lucile
will be towed to Dyea and Skaguay by the tug Sea Lion.
The expedition will be in command of Lieutenant Guy H. Preston
and Lieutenant J. A. Ryan, both of the Ninth United States Cavalry.
Lieutenant Preston is a gallant officer, who earned the approbation of
' superiors and considerable fame in the Indian campaigns of 1890-91
n Dakota. At the battle of Wounded Knee, while a detachment of
troops was surrounded by the Indians, he carried important dispatches
through the lines of the savages to General Brook, in command at
Pine Ridge. His ride was one of the memorable incidents of the cam
paign, and was made through a country filled with bloodthirsty red
men. . mx
pared in time, so that it is quite prob
able that even if martial law is not de- j
clared at Skaguay. United States troops
may be stationed there and at Dyea
soon. r .. .
Governor Brady's communication to
the President is a strong one. Arrange
ments have been made to have it wired ;
from Seattle to Washington, whether
it goes south on this or the next ship. ;
It is said that contracts will be signed j
this week for a railroad over the Ska- j
gtwy trail to Lake Bennett, to be in |
operation by September next. If this ;
is carried out Skaguay will have the
first railroad tp the Yukon.
Four men who left Dawson January
3 arrived here to-night. They got to
Skaguay January 28, twenty-five days
on the trail, which" equals the best time
really made up the river this winter.
There is so much travel up and down
the river that outcomers are not com- i
pelled to break trail through the snow,
as in previous years, and that is why
it is possible to make such unprece
dented fast time. A. D. Nash, one of
! the party, has made three winter trips
! into the Yukon. He is from Portland,
| Oregon. The others are: E. M. Sulli
' van of Victoria, B. C, W. O. Young of
! Colorado and H. F. Wauerh of New
■ Brunswick. Just before they were ready
! to leave Dawson a new strike was re- |
i ported from down near Sixty Mile. The |
name of the creek is Rosebud. Xo par
ticulars were heard, beyond the fact
that the first prospects were very en
couraging.
Reports from Fort Yukon as to the i
grub supply and as to the actual con- :
dition of things there recently became
very conflicting. Billy Moran and
George Kennedy came up the river
from Fort Hamlin with the report
that there was nothing but the shortest
| amount of provisions at Fort Yukon
and that the people stranded there i
j were in far greater danger of starva- \
tion than those at Dawson. Other re- j
ports were in circulation to the effect j
that the food supply had been seized j
by the men after Captain Ray and j
Lieutenant Richardson, the only United
States army officers there, had been
overpowered.
It was for the purpose of getting at
the truth that Sam Wall, The Call's
correspondent at Dawson, undertook
the cold and perilous trip down the
river behind a dog team. A. D. Nash
is personally acquainted with Mr. Wall.
He said Mr. Wall has a long and a
very frosty ride before him. The Ca
nadian police have posted notices at
various points on the trail that no per
son will be allowed to go down the
river below Tagish House with less
than 1000 pounds of provisions. These
notices were posted last night at Dyea
and Skaguay. Several Klondikers win
tering at the mouth of the Big Salmon
River sank a shaft 100 feet to put in the
time and see what they could find.
There they found 4-cent gravel, but
the water drove them out and they
could go down no deeper. They went
up the Big Salmon eight miles and
started another shaft, hoping to escape
the flood and find richer dirt.
Major Walsh is still at Tagish Lake.
He will not get into Dawson before the
Ist of April, if he makes it by that
time. HAL HOFI MAN.
Stormy Meeting of Stockholders.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10.— There was a
stormy meeting to-night of the stock
holders of the I'nion Building and Loan
Association. There were two elements
present, one in favor of the appointment
of a receiver and the other favoring the
withdrawal of all suits and going into
liquidation in a peaceful manner. The
majority, however, led by ex-Congress
man Grove L. Johnson, voted for the
former plan.
"The Highwayman" May Come.
NEW YORK, Feb. Reginald de
KoVen'B new opera, "The Highwayman."
which is having a big run here, may be
taken to San Francisco during the sum
mer.
THE SA:F FBAISTCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBHTJARY 11, 1898.
SIX THOUSAND
DOLLARS A TON
What James T. O'Brien's
Klondike Quartz
Assays.
The Lucky Prospector Tells of
How He Stumbled Over
a Bonanza.
Will Shortly Return From Seattle
With Powder and Tools to
Open the Ledge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 10. — Some days ago
The Call referred to the discovery of
rich gold quartz in the Klondike dis
trict by James T. O'Brien. He brought
out samples of ore from the bottom of
the shaft and left them at Juneau to
be assayed. To-day Mr. O'Brien re
ceived a letter from John Olds, pro
prietor of the Occidental Hotel at Ju
neau, which stated that the report of
the assayers at Treadwell Mine gave
the value of the ore as JSSOO in gold
and ninety ounces of silver. The ledge
from which this remarkably rich ore
was taken is three feet wide and gives
every evidence of being a true lead.
This tells the story of one of the
richest discoveries that have yet been
made on the Yukon. It was early in
December that Mr. O'Brien discovered
croppings of a quartz lead while cross
ing the ridge between the head of El
Dorado Creek and Quartz Creek, a
branch of the Indian River. He
traced the ledge on the bare top of the
ridge for some 3000 feet and sank a
small prospect shaft where the crop
pings appeared best. On the last trip
of the Corona Mr. O'Brien came into ]
Seattle. But no one knew that he was
the real discoverer of Klondike quartz,
as he said nothing about it, for he did ,
not know how the ore he had left at
Juneau would assay.
But then he did not tell any
one that he had $25,000 in drafts,
for he is one of the most reserved indi
viduals that have yet come out of the
Klondike. Now that he has received
news which leads him to believe that
he has located the best claim in the
Klondyke coutry he does not care to
talk about it, but finally told the story
of the discovery to the Call corre
spondent to-night. He said:
"Early in December there was a
stampede to Quartz Creek, a tributary
of the Indian River. With a number
of others I started across the ridge
from El Dorado Creek, hoping to get
a claim. The top of the ridge between
the two creeks had been laid bare of
snow by the high winds.
"Almost on the very top of the ridge
I noticed mineral croppings. I was in
terested in quartz finds, for several
stringers of quartz had been struck
shortly before in the bedrock prospect
holes on the gulches. It was not very
difficult to trace the ledge, which
cropped at intervals, and I followed it
on both sides of the croppings that had
at first attracted my attention for a
distance of 3000 feet. I then gave up
the race to Quartz Creek, and decided
to prospect the ledge. With a pick and
shovel I dug at the point where the
croppings appeared best to a depth of
four feet. Then I struck a solid forma
tion, and having no drills or powder
could go no further. 1 hastened to
Dawson and located two claims, call
ing the lead Ophir Mining Ledge.
"I had to come out for a grub supply,
so I contracted with Cal. Rrosius to
take me out for $600. According to our
agreement I was unable to bring out
any quantity of the ore, but loaded my
pockets with samples taken from the
ledge. I have had some experience in
quartz mining in Wyoming and South
eastern Alaska, and the ledge appears
to be a true one. The ore I left at Ju
neau to be assayed at the Treadwell
mine.
"I have just received a letter from
my old friend, John Olds of Juneau,
which states that the assay ran $5800
in gold and ninety ounces in silver.
That is mighty rich ore, even from the
golden Klondike, and I have hard
ly had time to figure it out. I will go
back in a few months with powder and
tools to open up the ledge, as I think
it is better than the placer interests I
have."
The Henry Mayer Tailoring Company,
originally located at 100 Sutter street, have
moved to their elegant new quarters at
40 Montgomery street, corner Sutter,
whore they are now prepared to show a
complete new line of woolens. •
DEFECTIVE
SHELLS FOR
THE ARMY
California Congress-!
men Show Interest
in the Matter.
Genera Flagler Before the
Fortifications Com
mittee.
Says That Neither Heat, Cold
Nor Age Should Affect
the Powder.
PERKINS VERY ACTIVE.
Will Question the Ordnance Chief
Upon the Defective Shrapnel
Shells at the Presidio.
Special Dispatch •- The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 10.
Both Senator Perkins and Repre
sentative Hilborn of California are
showing a lively interest in the matter
of the quality of ammunition that is
being supplied to the army. General
Flagler, chief of the ordnance depart
ment, was before the Senate Commit
tee on Fortifications to-day. He tes
tified that neither heat nor cold, dry
ness, moisture nor age should affect
the powder.
Senator Perkins, chairman of this
sub-committee, is very much interested
in the exposure made by The Call on
last Thursday morning of the failure of
the shrapnel shells. He said to-night:
"I am sorry that a copy of Saturday's
j Call giving further details of this mat
ter did not reach me earlier to-day, for
I would have sought to elicit some ad
ditional facts during our examination
of General Flagler to-day.
"I have resolved, however, to address
him a letter (inclosing a copy of The
Call's article). It seems to me that
this is a very serious matter, and when
I receive General P^lagler's reply to my
letter of inquiry I may bring this mat
ter to the attention of the Senate
when the fortifications bill comes up
for consideration. The bill will be re
ported to-morrow by the committee."
"The War Department submitted an
estimate of nine millions, but the
House of Representatives, being eco
nomically inclined, cut the amount
down to four millions. The amount
which the Senate < nmmittee has pro
vided, however, approximates nearly
that sum. It will he over eight mil
lions and nearly nine. This will be
pleasing intelligence to Pacific Coast
people, as a great deal of the money
will be expended on that coast for
arms and emplacements."
Congressman HilNirn is as much in
terested in the matter of fortifications
as Senator Perkins. He is inclined to
believe that certain manufacturers of
ammunition are the beneficiaries of the
Government's favor.
He has introduced a resolution of in
quiry, demanding to know why the two
"shoulder arms" employed by the army
and by the marines are of different
caliber, when it would seem to be of ad
vantage to the Government (in emer
gency) to have them of the same cali
ber.
Hilborn will also undertake in the !
House of Representatives to put
through a resolution of inquiry con- j
cerning the ammunition furnished the '
Government, and Senator Perkins may j
do the same thing in the Senate after j
receiving General Flagler's reply to
his communication.
STEAMER KAALA
A TOTAL WRECK
Runs on the Reef at Kahuhu
and Is Broken to
Pieces.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 3.— The steamer
Kaala of the Inter-Islaru] n?et Is a total
wreck on the reef at Kahuku. Nothing
whatever was saved and the captain and
crew landed safely at Laic In .he steam
er's boats with nothing of their belong
ings but what they happened to have on
their backs.
The Kaala left this pnrt on the 17th ult.
with freight for Kahuku and Punaluu.
She succeeded in landing: all this in good
shape, and close upon 5 p. m. the next
day started out of Kahuku for Honolulu
with a load of 2000 bags of sugar for M. S.
Grlnbaum & Co., valued at $11,500 and
Ir covered by insurance. The weather
rough, but not any worse than that
'rienced many times by Captain Mo
• at Kahuku. As the Kaala was
m'ng slowly over the bar, heavy seas
c in and the steamer struck fairly on
bar. She refused to answer her helm
was struck by other seas. Then she
into a trougli and began to fill with
water rapidly. In a short time she was
on the reef. Captain Mosher, seeing that
there was no help for her, ordered his
men Into the boats and all hands went
The Kaala was then pounding heavily
on the reef and breaking to pieces very
rapidly. Telephone messages received
yesterday were to the effect that the
steamer had almost entirely broken up.
The Kaala was uuilt in San l-rancisco
by Dickey Bros, and was launched in No
vember, ISS7. Her machinery was fur
nished by the Tnion Iron Works and ncr
boiler by the Honolulu Iron Works. Her
register was 272 and her tonnage 90.53 She
was valued at $30,000. The Inter-Island
Company carried its own insurance, so
the wreck tff the Kaala is a complete
Los Angeles Warehouse Burned.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 10.— Fire this af
ternoon destroyed the Smith warehouse,
which extends from Upper Main street, to
New High street, on Bellevue avenue. A
large quantity of goods was stored in the
place, including the hardware stock of
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson. This loss
will reach $5000, partially covered by In
surance, and Smith's loss Is at least $5000
more, with no Insurance.
Mandelbaum Forgives His Wife.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— Richard Mandel
baum, who was shot by J. Waldere Kirk
several months ago. Is reported to have
forgiven his wife, and It is aaid that the
suit for divorce will be withdrawn.
Woodland Editor in Trouble.
WOODLAND, Feb. 10.— Judge Hart has
cited Editor Rungan of the Mail to show
cause why he shall not be adjudged guilty
of contempt of court for his editorial
comments on the sewer farm trial.
WILL FIGHT
ONLY WITH
THE PEN
No Danger of a Duel
Between Breekin
ridge and Moore.
Nothing but Ink Will Run
in the Present
Battle.
Colonel Willie Hurls Volleys of
Hot Sarcasm at Captain
Tommie.
WERE ONCE FIRM FRIENDS
But Since the Pollard Scandal the
Ex-Congressman Has Not Been
Supported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 10.— Captain
Thomas E. Moore's challenge to Colonel
Breekinridge printed an editorial in the
reigning sensation here to-day. Colonel
Breekinridge printde an editorial in the
Lexington Herald this morning under
the caption, "Once a Man. Twice a
Child," in which he refers to Captain
Moore: "Our dear old bimetallic leaguer
seems to have lost his temper, and if
one did not know him he might be
lieve he was extremely anxious to
fight; but he uses language in a Pick
wickian sense. The Herald took pleas
ure in bearing witness to his political
record for the purpose of assuring the
present Legislature that they could
find no one in Kentucky who had been
a more persistent, consistent and hope
lessly ignorant advocate of depreciated
money, and that therefore he was emi
nently qualified to fill any office to
which he might aspire.
"As the Herald knew of no qualifica
tion which this venerable knight of the
code d*uello possesses as the controller
of the penitentiaries of Kentucky it
confined its condemnation to those quali
ties to which it did have knowledge. It
feels compelled to decline to enter into
private correspondence with this grace
ful wielder of such a facile pen, for
thereby the community wuuld lose the
pleasure of reading his cards.
"The Herald is not an expert in the
code, and it does not know whether
this belligerent letter is a challenge.
If It be a challenge the Herald respect
fully declines to accept it. If it is an
invitation to this venerable leader to
arrange what course may be necessary
and satisfactory to both parties and
that limited upon condition that the
meeting shall be with him, the Herald
respectfully declines. But we suggest
to him that in this pleasant weather
in February, with St. Valentine's day
approaching and with the Legislature
having only thirty days to sit, he turn
his thoughts to sweeter amusement
than shooting, he pray for larger pow
ers of self-control, he get into his mind
the conception that he who enters pol
itics and freely talks of others, and
that not always within the bounds of
accuracy, must expect to have an an
swer made, and that he console him
self with the thought that a life so con
spicuous as his, a career so distin
guished as that which has come to
him and a position so full of influence
as the one he now fills, attracts the
public attention and causes criticism."
Captain Thomas E. Moore dictated
this: "The article bears the marks of
the power behind the throne (Colonel
"W. C. P. Breekinridge), and slander
and abuse being their stock in trade.
I deem the article unworthy of notice.
I am willing for the people of Bourbon
and Fayette counties, and all other
counties in Kentucky, to judge between
me and the record of the party behind
the thrcne in every way."
In course of conversation it cropped
out that the captain has been a sup
porter of Colonel Breckinridge in all
his successful races for Congress; that
he abandoned him when the Pollard
scandal came out, and that the captain
thinks this is the reason Colonel Breek
inridge has so persistently hounded
him in his editorials.
Dies of Pneumonia at Eureka.
EUREKA. Feb. 10.— Mrs. Denis Daugh
arty. a prominent lady of Ferndale, died
this evening of pneumonia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' . : -. Everyone knows
n^r^£"*l"i j£\ /*. the biblical story
M nUn II Ml [Ml of the passover.
BJi i '&f%. J >£x& The acgel of death
Oil I mSy!lmf?L turne{J ar^ de or1 -7
, JBBEl!^^flr/P chosen i people to-
V-'Z^ZZzJ^Siif "~: day, at whose
! doors the angel of
i death turns aside and whose first-bom es-
cape unscathed while the children of, others
perish. * The chosen people are the healthy
■ people. Nine-tenths of the deaths among
I children are : due ,to the ' ill-health] of : the
mothers during th« period preceding moth-
erhood. Every woman owes it to herself, her
husband and her children to keep herself
healthy in a womanly way. She should
thoroughly understand her own physical
make-up." She should realize the import-
.'tance of keeping the organs of womanhood
healthy and vigorous. She can only do this ;
by taking proper care of herself and using
the proper.remedy for weakness or disease
I of those organs. ; — 7" "'.■ '. . ". ~-'L .-■'".'■'■
The best remedy forweakness or disease of
' the organs peculiar, to women is Dr. Pierce'a
Favorite Prescription. It is truly wonderful
! in its effects on the female organism. -. It
; allays * inflammation, soothes pain and re-
1 stores health and vigor. Get it at the drug-
! gist's and take no substitute. Your health
1 and your children's , health depend .upon it.
" Since I wrote you we have had a baby girl born
to us," write* W. R. Malcolm, of Knobel, Clay Co.,
I Ark. "My wife took your ' Golden Medical Dis-
: covery ' and also your l Favorite Prescription ' all
during the expectant \ period and until confine-
ment, and she had no trouble to mention. A
stouter, healthier child was never born. : - Our
child will be one year of age the Bth inst. and she
has not been sick a day. Has not had so much'
as the colic." V ' : < t. ,
if-: Every woman in America should own a
copy of Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser. In its i,003 pages she will find plain
talks about all sorts of ailments. . These talks
are' made plainer by copious illustrations.
About 90 pages are devoted to woman's dis-
eases and weaknesses. There are sugges-
■ tions * for home-treatment. 3 This book has
! already » gone \ into "}, more :t than *ay million
i homes. r The original price was $1.50. Now
an edition in paper; covers is being, distrib-
uted free. Send 21 one-cent stamps— this ;
pays for mailing only— to World's \ Dispen-
■ sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y. A It
a copy bound in fine cloth is desired, send
:10 cents extra— 3l cents in all. ; , ) ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOD CLOTHE^
Is Yours for Little Money ■!
You Know it's our sixth anniversary.
We're six years old this month, and' we want
to mcihe February a big month, so we have gathered
together a big lot of swell garments, embracing
some of the prettiest Blue, Brown and Black
Cheviot Overcoats .with velvet collar, excellently
tailored. o, \-: % ;
We have added to these some very clever Suits
in double-breasted Sacks, in blue, and some very
pretty brownish mixtures in single-breasted Sacks,
cleverly made garments. _
For pick of either Suits or Overcoats, Friday
and Saturday, at
•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+• +•+• gfo i& (ir\ sif
•+•+»+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+©
•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+• J[ £ $Jp
You ivill find Friday and Saturday very interesting days in,
our Men's Overcoat and Suit rooms— unu avail y interesting , as
you'll get some prices that mean the accomplishment of rolling
up a big month's sales for our February ■anniversary.
3-11-13-15 KEARINY *>T.
4JJ pfy #ij
\
A Colorado Editor says ot Ripans Tatmlest
" For heartburn, dizziness and headache I have
never found the equal of . ; . . , . .- ♦ V
R # I # P # A#S ■ Tabules
And other members of my family use them for
various ills with excellent results; I cannot afford
I to keep house nor run a print shop without \
I them, nor do I believe any one else can afford
I not to use them. They are a wonder.".^*?*^*
DR.MCNULTY.
n*HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLTABLE OL?.
.1 Specialist Private .Xervous.Blooi! Skint
Disease* of Men only. 1 Manly Power restored. Over I
experience. Send for Boole, free, Patient*'"
cured at Home. > Terras reasonable. Hours, oto 3' '
dallyJK^oS/SO^ti li Sundays, 10 to I. 1 . < •..nsulta-
. uonweeanhMCTedlycoDfldentlaLi Cail or address
V #: BOSCOE MoNUIiTT, M. ».,
26 1; Keanir Street. Man Francisco, f «!.',
 .„-> , — rT"^^" — „.' ,-■■:,.. — : ~~rr — "~~.
q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
jfl&i Museum of Anatomy
l^^ll :::: iiA2rsT bt. * et - ett 4 7th > s. y - en
■ ..TTS D* ; ' The Largest or its kind in the World.
i Jfrjttl DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
tF| (^Philosophy of
... & '"U : : ?.j ""' . MAILED FREE. ;
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY ! PUBLIC
AQQ MARKET ' ST., O PP. I'AUftCH
000 Hotel. Telephone (70. « Resldeooa ' Ml
Valencia street Taieohone, "Church" IS. : :
34
THINKS HE
MAY EVADE
THE NOOSE
Frank Belew's More
Hopeful View of
His Case.
Persuades Himself That
He Cannot Be Held
Responsible.
Says Something Beyond His
Control Drove Him to the
Awful Crime.
A MOTIVE IS SUGGESTED. |
Love for His Wire May Have Been th«
Cause-Preliminary Exam
ination,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
6UISUN, Feb. 10.— Frank Belew. the
Dlxon poisoner, was in a more cheerful
mood to-day, and believes, notwith
standing his confession, that he alone
is responsible for the death of his sis
ter and brother, that he Will escape
with Imprisonment tor life. He slept
quite peacefully last night, and his ap
petite was greatly improved to-day.
"I cannot understand,"' said he to
day, "why I committed the terrible
crime. Something beyond my control
drove me to it."
It is the general belief of those best
acquainted with Belew that he poi
soned his brother and sister in the hope
uf benefiting from their estates.
"If Belew would only give the motive
for the poisoning," said one of his ac
quaintances last night, "I am certain
that it would be Been that his love for
his wife is at the bottom of the sad af
fair. Mrs. Belew is fend of dress, and
Frank was not able to satisfy her tastes
in that matter. When she left him he
worried over her absence, and my the
ory is that he then concluded that if
he had money she would return to him.
To his narrow mind came the idea thar
the necessary money would be forth
coming after the death of his brother
and sister, and he deliberately planned
to poison them."
Belew will be brought before Justice
Maynard to-morrow morning for a pre
liminary hearing. It is probable that
he will not enter any defense, and will ,
allow the case to rest on the testimony
for the prosecution. He still has hope
that Reese Clark will defend him, but
if Clark has been retained no one here [
knows it.
Belew is anxious to make a good ap
pearance in court, and yesterday sent i
for a barber to shave him. He says .
that he has no intention of attempting
suicide, but notwithstanding his asser
tion Sheriff Rush is keeping a close
watch over him. The prisoner is at
times subject to despondent spells, and
if not guarded might in one of them try
to strangle himself.
SEEK TO CONTROL
THE COFFEE OUTPUT
Foreigners, Probably British, Are
Striving to Form a Big Monop-
oly in Brazil.
Copyrighted IS9S by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES. Feb. 10.— I am in
formed by the Herald's correspondent in
Rio Janeiro. Brazil, that rumors are cur
rent in that city to the effect that for
eigners, probably British, have occupied
a small part of the State of Amazonas,
near British Guiana. There him been so
far no official advices received as to the
matter. Statements apparently reliable
are made that a group of capitalists are
about to monopolize the coffee output of
Brazil by getting control of estates in the
coffee-producing States of Rio Janeiro,
Bahia. Minas Geraes, Sao Paulo and
Spiritu Santos.
DOUBLY INDICTED FOR
HIGHWAY ROBBERY
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 10.— Two indict
ments were filed this morning by the
Grand Jury against James Taylor, both
for robbery committed at.Watsonville on
the night of November 18. Taylor's vic
tims were Chris We-llendorf and James
P. Hansen, who were held up at the
point of a pistol and relieved of the
money, watches and other valuables in
their possession.
Taylor, who is a bad citizen, was before
Judge Smith this afternoon for arraign
ment. He declined to have an attorney
He claimed that his name was not Tay
lor, but declined to tell what it was. He
eaid he had an important witness in the
East, and requested that his trial should
>Cot be held for Fix weeks. The date of
me trial was set for Monday. Febru-
S?** — -
for the King Ranch.
SALINAS, Feb. 10.— A windbreak of
eucalyptus and cypress trees will be
planted diagonally across the lower end
of the King ranch. latPly bought by the
Spreckels Sugar Company, to ward off
tho strong winds and divert them across
trip mountain range in that vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
AVENGED THE
KILLING OF
DON APARICIO
Oscar Zollinger, a British Subject,
Slew Barrios Because of His
Employer's Tragic Fate.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James GorJon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 10. — Details of the assassination of President Bar
rios of Guatemala have just reached me from the Herald's correspond
ent in Guatemala. These advices state that President Barrios was shot
and killed at 8 o'clock on Tuesday night. The shooting took ■ ace near
the palace while the President was walking, accompanied by five
guards. The assassin met the party and stepped off the sidewalk, ap
parently to let the President pass. Then he pushed aside the two men
nearest Sor.or Barrios, thrust a revolver against the President's face and
shot him in the mouth and then In the stomach. The murderer then ran,
but was shot to death by the guards who chased him. Senor Barrios
died in a few minutes.
President Barrios' assassin was 23 years old. For years he was an
employe of Senor Don Juan Aparicio, the well known financier who was
killed by a Government soldier during the revolutionary outbreak last
September while he was held a prisoner. The assassin's name was
Oscar Zollinger. He was a British subject. Senor Aparicio was
wealthy and popular. His death caused great feeling against Presi
dent Barrios, and Zollinger's act was the result. He came to Guatemala
three weeks ago and had presumably been watching for an opportunity
to kill Senor Barrios since his arrival. Zollinger was heavy and mus
cular, and he acted so suddenly that the guards could do nothing. After
the assassination the Foreign Ministers in Guatemala called at the
palace and expressed their regret.
There is little excitement in Guatemala. Manuel Estrada Cabrera,
Vice-President. has assumed theduties of President and will continue as
chief executive until the next election. It is difficult to say what turn
events in Guatemala will take now that the man who only held power by
an iron hand and an indomitable spirit, not by the will of the people,
has been hastened to his end by the hand of an assassin. His death is
the result of his ambition to retain power. Had President Barrios re
tired at th*e end of his legal term, much bloodshed would have been
avoided, as his refusal to do so caused the revolution of September.
He could have retired with a fortune of from $10,000,000 to $12,000,000,
amassed during five years, and with the gratitude of the people, as it
Is admitted even by his enemies that he advanced the country in every
branch. i
There will be a general scramble among all party leaders now for I
the Presidency. General Prospero Morales, with hia great popularity i
and prestige, has a good chance, but It is doubtful if, under the present i
circumstances, he could retain the office unless at the head of (
an army. (
NO ANNEXNTION
THIS SESSION
Treaty Will Be Aban
doned After a Few More
Week's Debate.
Fate of The Morgan Bill Also
Declared Very Uncer
tain.
Speaker Reed In a Position to Kasily
Defeat the Schemes of the
Jobbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, Feb. 10.
The Hawaiian treaty is dead. The
straw vote alleged to have been taken
yesterday was a fake. The annexa
ti<mists lack six votes, and probably
seven. The treaty will probably be
abandoned after a few more week* of
debate. This is the opinion of both
White and Perkins.
The fate of the Morgan bill for an
nexation is uncertain. If it comes to a
vote it may pass, but the chances for
its consideration in the House are re
mote. Speaker Reed is emphatic in his
denunciation of the annexation
scheme. In conversation with a Cali
fornia member of Congress Reed did
not mince his words, but denounced the
proposed annexation as a job of mer
cenary schemers.
The attitude of the administration
does not influence Mr. Reed in the
least. He is a man of positive convic
tions, and as Speaker of the House of
Representatives, with a big Republi
can majority at his back, can easily
defeat the annexation jobbers. He will \
not only have the support of his own ;
party in the House, but nearly all the
Democrats. For these reasons the an- :'
nexationisfc are discouraged, and the i
talk is now that after the vote on the
treaty, a few weeks hence, the annexa
tioa project will be postponed until
next December. This is the opinion of !
Senator White.
GEORGE CLARK TO
PLEAD INSANITY
Futile Effort to Set Aside the
Information Against the
Fratricide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Feb. 10.— The Superior Court to
day overruled a motion of counsel for
defense to set aside the information filed
against George Clark, charged with the
murder of his brother William, on the
ground that he had been brought before
the court upon an illegal process. An
exception to the ruling was taken.
Attorneys for the defense then asked
leave to file a demurrer to the informa
tion upon statutory grounds. The court
granted the request and the demurrer was
argued. The court overruled the same
and another exception was noted.
Attorney Reerstecher then addressed
the court. Ho stated that he wished to
have a commission for the purpose of
taking depositions in the State of Illinois
to be used upon the trial of the case.
Mr. Heerstecher's remarks gave the
keynote as to what the defense will be.
Insanity will be the plea which will be
tirelessly urged with the hope of saving
the fratricide from the gallows. Mr.
Beeretecher stated that in Illinois, where
George W. Clark was born and where his
parent* reside, there were insane asy
lums in which some of George Clark's rel
atives had been cared for.
District Attorney Bell was anxious to
have the case proceed to trial as soon as
possible. The defendant's counsel re
quested delay in order that they might
have opportunity to prepare for trial.
The court set March 8. 1898, at 10 o'clock
a. m., as the time for the trial.
Throughout the entire proceedings in
court this morning Murderer Clark sat
unconcerned. When he left th« court
room he talked with the Bheriff in a
cheerful manner. He walked into his cell
with a light step, and did not appear to
have any fear as to the outcome of the
great legal fight that is about to be made
for him. He stated to The Call reporter
that he did not wish to discuss his case.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
SWIFT RUNS
TO HONOLULU
I Remarkable Sailing Time
Made by the Hyde and
Hitchcock.
Death of " Mother" Carter, "Who
Has Resided in Hawaii
Since 1832.
An Incident In Military Discipline and.
Its Bearing on an Alleged Im
pending Revolt
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 3.— Not Bince the
days of clipper ship 9 have the perform
ances of the ships Henry B. Hyde and
S. P. Hitchcock, which arrived here on
the 30th and 29th ult., respectively, been
equaled. The Hyde arrived here at
sundown on the 30th, after a sensation
al run of nine days four and one-half
hours from San Francisco, time record
ed from anchorage to anchorage. The
Hitchcock practically made the run In
nine days seven hours. As nearly as
can be learned, but ohe sailing vessel
has ever beaten the record of the Hyde.
She was the famous old clipper ship
Fair Wind, built for speed rather than
for carrying capacity. She is reported
to have made the run in eight days
seventeen hours. But that was long
ago, in the days when speed was con
sidered the most important quality for
an ocean trader and vessels carried
clouds of canvas.
The Hyde is built rather as a carrier
than for speed. When she sailed from
San Francisco on January 21, Captain
Colcord, her new master, was not
thinking of a speedy run, but rather of
making his vessel ready for her long
voyage around the Horn. But when '
the winds blew favorably and the ship
cut the water at regular steamship
speed, he became interested In his work
and put her t« a test. She did some
wonderful work. Her smallest day's
run was 210 miles, and her greatest 290
miles.
On the 29th ult., death claimed a no
| ble woman in the person of Mrs. J. O.
Carter, who passed away quietly In her
88th year. She was reverently known
las "Mother" Carter. Mrs. Carter was
born at Hallowell, Maine, and was the
daughter of John and Hannah Lord,
names of- peculiar interest in the ante
pioneer days of California. She arrived
in Honolulu in 1832, and in the follow
ing year married Captain J. O. Carter,
one of the best known and most promi
nent seafaring men of the Pacific in
the earlier days of Hawaiian history.
She bore six children, one of whom was
H. A. P. Carter, Hawaiian Minister to
Washington, ajid a surviving son is J.
O. Carter, now in Washington repre
senting the cause of the Hawaiians. A
surviving daughter is the wife of Rob
ert Lewers of the prominent firm of
Lewers & Cooke. No less than twenty
eight grandchildren and sixteen great
grandchildren join with the communi
ty In mourning her departure.
An incident in military discipline has
been turned to account by a certain
faction of the more rabid annexation
ists as favoring views of an impending
revolt. It has been found more con
venient for military discipline to re
move the officers of the National Guard
of Hawaii from their former barracks
in the Executive building (the palace)
and to place them in more comfortable
quarters in King Kalakaua's bungalow,
closely adjacent, and to have the men
in charge of their non-commissioned
officers, who in future will be primar
i ily responsible for any breaches of dis
cipline, instead of first worrying the
officers out of their quiet repose to lis
ten to picayunish details which are half
the time condoned out of good nature
This fact, in conjunction with certain
indiscreet and amusingly bloodthirsty
remarks made at a semi-military gath
ering, at which only lithia water, coolly
iced, and ginger ale, delicately spiced
were spilled, and only target "possi
bles" recorded, have been taken ad
vantage of by those who want a whole
fleet of American war vessels stationed
here for the benefit of trade, and the
most baseless rumors have been fabri
cated and ordered to be circulated
abroad. There is no truth in them.
SUBDUING
THE REBELS
IN FORMOSA
Chinese Bandits Fall
Before the Troops
of Japan.
Over Two Hundred Slain
During Three Fierce
Battles. V
Many Wounded and Captured
and Several Strongholds
Taken.
THE MIKADO'S FIRM STAND
Will Exterminate Every Mongolian
Renegade if Necessary for Com
plete Subjugation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
" • - - '
TACOMA, Feb. 10.— Oriental advices
received to-night via Vancouver give
somewhat detailed accounts of the ex
tensive operations being; carried on by |
Japanese troops against Chinese rebels j
in Formosa. Three severe fights have j
taken place, In -which at least 200 reb- j
els have been killed. Many more were i
wounded or taken prisoners.
Governor-General Nagi, the Civil
Chief in authority in Formosa, has been
very ill with malarial fever, leaving
the insular government largely in the
hands of the military authorities, and
the latter have carried out plans which
were being formulated when Nagi be
came sick, relating to offensive meas
ures against the rebels.
The military forces were divided into
three parts and sent against the strong
est bands of rebels in the chief prov
inces. Lieutenant-Colonel Hirooka
headed an expedition against two no
torious leaders posted in the hilly re
gion north of the Kelung River. Their
repeated raids in all directions made
active measures necessary. The ban
dits here melted away before the
troops. Over 100 were killed, their
stronghold captured and further losses
inflicted by systematic scouring of the
hills.
Another force, led by Colonel Tago,
attacked the band at Shokkozan, which
during the early winter kept up dis
turbances around Taihei. Here fifty
more rebels were killed and twenty-five
prisoners taken, including one leader,
and a Japanese garrison was left in the
rebels' quarters.
Simultaneously Lieutenant-Colonel
Mouye became active in the third mili
tary district. Banshin was cleared of
over 200 rebels, several score of whom
were killed and the renmantß of this
body were dispersed after another
bloody encounter «t Kiucho. This vic
tory, even mure than the others, has
caused great rejoicing, as these rebels,
under two daring chiefs, had carried
out their depredations over a wide area.
The Japanese lost about a doeen killed
and as many wounded during these en
counters. They were well armed, while
the rebels possessed but a few firearms,
which they had smuggled in from the
mainland of China.
A small band of rebels attacked the
prison at Kagi and liberated seventeen
convicts. Three of the police were fa
tally wounded In this outbreak for lib-
erty.
The native Chinese In Formosa have
rebelled against Japanese rule ever
since Japan acquired the >sland. They
are aided and abetted by rich Chinese
at Amoy, China, whose trade with the
rich island has been cut off. The rebel
leaders gain many recruits by spread
ing reports that the Japanese will soon
compel all Chinese islanders to cut off
their queues.
Japan is taking a very firm stand,
and proposes to exterminate every rebel
band, if that is necessary to complete
the subj igatici of Formosa, Travel is
impossible in the interior of Formosa,
which is occupied by 641 tribes num
bering about 100,000 aborigines. Of this
total over 23,000 are reported to belong
to those famine that maintain tattoo
ing and head-hunting as proper prac
tices of mankind.
Santa Clara Defeats Stanford.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 10.— The first
game of the Stanford-Santa Clara College
baseball series was won to-day by Santa
Clara by a score of 10 to 8. Batteries:
Stanford— Beckett and Swindles; Santa
Clara— Kelly and Graham. Base hits-
Stanford 7. Snnta Clara 8. Errors—Stan
ford 6, Santa Clara 9. Stanford was un
fortunate In not being able to hit when
hits were most needed, and the errors
made were costly. Beckett was steady.
He pave only three bases on balls and
struck out five. Kelly allowed three
bases and struck out two.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000 00 0000 0 0 OO O
O Q
g BRAIN, BRAWN AND VITALITY. ©
q These Are the Element* Given to Weak Men by That Wonderful ; q
O Nerve-Builder, Dr. Banden*« Electric Belt. . O
O There is . nothing so strengthening, nothing ', so invigorating, noth- , O
O ing that builds ; up vital ; force and energy; like Dr. : Sanden's ? Electric Belt. O
O Every day brings fresh proof of its power. Its touch is ; the touch of O
O magnetism, : the healthful essence of vitality that makes t men ; strong and ©
O vigorous. If you are suffering from weakness of whatever 1 nature write ©
q : for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men," i: which will ;be ' sent, : q
q SEALED, . free by ' mail to any address. ;, Don't f put •it : off ; - act \ to-day. f «
q There is nothing more important than your health. Call or address q
g SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., ~ "G&karsSi***. °
t\ ~Ja Office hour "' *a.m.to ,8, 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles ; Cal 9 **
V s 204 South Broadway {^Portland, Or., 253 Washington «t; Denver, Col.. 921 Sixteenth O.
ft Bt.; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main st. .-.. ■-.-..-<••- .. -. w|
** • . ; . NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— * MARKET STREET. " ©
O ":!V-O* i^;-;-.-i--".v*- ■=-."-.»■■.>■ : T . : ■-' .■: ■ ■.■ :. '■■ ■.:"•. i. ■. ~■• . .•"■'.•■;.■•. ■■■-..•.-■ '  ■■.-,•■■-: Q
O0 0 O 00 0 0 0 O 0 00 0 00 0 0 0 O OO O OO O 0 000 0 0 0
ALLEN ASSAILS
SPEAKER REED
Says One Man Guards the
Cavern Where Legis
lation Is Dumped.
Conduct That Is "a Disgrace to
Congress and the Ameri
can People."
The Nebraska Statesman Is Called
Down, but the Sonata Is Thdn
Without a Quorum.
Special Dlipatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 10.
General William Booth of London,
founder of the Salvation Army, acted
as chaplain at the opening of the Sen
ate to-day.
Senator Frye secured the passage of
a bill amending the navigation laws in
important particulars affecting the
coasting trade of this country. The bill
is of general application, but it is in
tended especially to prevent Canadian
vessels from securing an undue share
of the carrying business between Alas
kan and other American ports. It will
prevent Canadians gaining part of our
coasting trade.
Considerable discussion arose over an
Xm endment to the Indlan appropriation
pill proposed by the committee provid
ing "that hereafter no Indian or tribe
of Indians shall lease for mining pur
poses lands that are not patented to
said Indians."
In the course of the discussion of an
amendment offered by Thurston,
against which a point of order was
made by Allison, Allen made a sharp
attack upon the Speaker of the House
of Representatives. He declared that
it was impossible to secure the passage
through the House of many meritorious
measures, because one man stood at the
entrance of the cavern into which pro
posed legislation was dumped, and
would permit nothing to be done about
that of^ •which he did not approve. He
said: "In the other end of the Capi
tol this one man stands for 828, and his
bold, unwarranted and undignified ac
tion is a disgrace to the Congress and
to the American people."
Frye of Maine said the Senator (Al
len) was himself out of order while
sp.eaking to a point of order.
Allen said he had no desire to violate
the rules, and did not think he had vio
lated them, as he had not referred to
any man by name, nor any particular
end of the Capitol. This was received
with sarcastic laughter by other Sena
tors, and even Allen smiled.
Further along in his remarks Allen
reverted to the power exercised by the
Speaker of the House, declaring that in
view of the impossibility of securing
consideration of meritorious legislation
the truth ought to be known to all the
people in the country. If the truth
hurt or it broke any rules, he was not
responsible.
"I want it understood." said Allen,
"that I hold myself responsible at any
time and in any place for the state
ments I may make or have made on
this subject."
Allison'g point of order was sustained
by the Vice-President.
Allen took an appeal to the Senate
from the Vice-President's ruling. Hoar
moved to lay the appeal on the table.
Allen made the point of no quoruJM,
and a roll call disclosed the presence
of but thirty-nine Senators — not a quo
rum.
The Senate, on motion of Allison, at
5:15 p. m. adjourned.
ROLLCALLS THE ORDER.
Much Filibustering in the House
Over Two Bills of Minor
Importance.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— The House
was in a very bad temper to-day, and
the whole session was consumed in fili
bustering against two bills of minor
importance, one to issue a duplicate
check, and the other to make Roekland,
Maine, a sub-port of entry. Neither got
further than the engrossment ami third
reading. The trouble arose over the
enforcement of the rule against the
discussion of irrelevant subjects, when
Handy, a Democrat of Delaware, at
tempted to reply on the floor during
the consideration of those bills, to a
letter recently written by Thomas F.
Bayard, in denunciation of the free sil
ver Democracy. Roll call followed roll
call all day long, and partisanship
reached a high pitch. Finally, when it
became evident that no progress could
be made with the bills presented, an
adjournment was taken until Monday.
Sunk by a Collision.
Copyright, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES, Feb. 10.— In a collis
ion In this harbor between the British
cruiser Retribution and the Swedish bark
Sam Lamer the latter was sunk. The
crew was saved.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. ; \
'ANOPEN rLETTER
To MOTHERS. I
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD " CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —/? _ -^-./»7 every
bear the facsimile signature of C^vo^^fT&Uc^ZC wrapper.
This is the original PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been,
[used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, /r^ /V ■■ on the
and has the , signature of (^&t/ ! i^x /&&&4C wrap*
per % No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. r
March 8 t 1897. Qs~.~~/. &*>£***».,&
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF .
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Ton/
rmm int*u« COMMNV. TT MIUI iTIIIT, MB Tom «m.
VfS&J TASTES LIKE CREAM.
, SffW Cures CONSUMPTION,' COUGHS
yfryS COLDS, BRONCHITIS, DEBILITY!
ii WASTING DISEASES, ASTHMa!
INFLUENZA. SCROFULOUS HUMORS, ETC..
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over-worked nerves in such a manner that
after using. HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
.Physicians prescribe it. All good druggists
sell it. Ask for "WILBOR'S," and take no
other.
N. Beware of imitations. This article is
the oldest of its kind in the market. Many
try to make a remedy "just aa good," but
none succeed.
®®®®®®@®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
I INCREASING PATRONAGE, 1
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT, ®
® PROVES THAT THE ®
®LADIES' GRILL®
© . t°h c PALACE ' I
® EXCELS IN EVERYTHING THAT HAKES ®
® THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ©
® Direct Entrance from Market Street. ®
® OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. ©
©©©©©(3©"©© © © © © © © © © ®
; RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
— SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 1233
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at « l:s3 and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40
5:00. 6:25 p. m. . •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Lfvivo Tn pffcv.' Arrive
San Francisco. (>t. 24.' San Fra ncisco.
-Week) Sun-. DP sth?ation Sun- I Week "*
Days. I dava. "eatmauon daya. I daya.
7:30 a.m. B:ooa.m.] 'Novato, tio:4oa.m.! 8:40.-vm.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petalnma, ' 6:10 p.m. 10 :2oa.:n.
5:10 p.m. s:Uop.m. Santa Rosa. | 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
• ■ Fulton, ••'■'"
7 :50a.m. I . Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
' : Healdsbnrgr,
Lyiton.
• . - ■ ■ Gpysoryllle, .
3:iOp.m. S:ona.m. Olovordale. 7:35 p.m. R:2»p.m.
'] . I Hopland and I ~~ ~~ ~~
7:30a.m.15-00a.m.| Uklah. .-- | 7:35 p.m. 0:22 p.m.
7:80u.m. ~ ,• ■- ■-.*■■ ■ . 1 10:25 a.m.
, 8:00 a.m. ' Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.'
B:Sop.m. ■ |  -. ■ - ■-• ! 6:22 p.m.
7:SUa.m. B:UUa.m. I Sonoma 10:40 a.m. j 8:40 a.m.
■ -•■ : ■'. >'- f and "-■<.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. ! Glen Ellen. 6:10p.m.i 6:22p.ni.
B:3o:j.ih. ;• :00p.m. Dto -'sicpoL |^;^m.[lo: i a^
i Starts connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagg3 Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
■ Highland Springs. " Kelseyville. Soda Bay
Lakeport and -Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, 1 John Day's, Riverside,- Lierley's, Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe.' Boonville
Orr's Hot Springs, , Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal. , . ~'?;1; "
;: Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ■ - - -■ ..... ..........
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond. San. Rafael, at half rates?
Ticket Offices— 6so' Market street, Chronicle
building. - --•.-»•
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
TALLEV RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, lSa7, ' trains will run aa
follows: ' ■.■■■■ - -■■■■■■■ •
, Soathbonni.- -»•;;-, [•>;' NorUjbonnd.-»a"
Dally. ;| Kxe'p'td — — y— Exc-p'td Daily:
lALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. nnT
i September 10, 1537, trains will run a»
thoonnJ. Northbound.
Stmdajp • t-^ions. S ,. lU ,
— P Exop'td Daily.
» lOalm. 9:00 a. m. Merced S:isp.m. o-IOrTmT
m.lg:ttp.m. Merced U:6uKnL SISSt
10 :40 m. o p.m. I Fresno ; J:»oa.m. i" -a ,7
ll:4oa.m.L6:2Up.nuHanfora .\Za.m.' l:i;, nt
W:lfl m. 6:43 p.m. !s:iil;i • ! G:W;i.in Plilnn
_StoPP^ng^t intermediate po when roquip'eJ
r Co " ectlons— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. >N.*& I. ..C0... leaving San' Francisco and
Stockton ■at 6 p. m. daily i at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc :
also with: stage for Hornitos.Marlposa etc :
siif kershim with stage to and from Madera!
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Suuealito Ferry. '
From San Francisco, Commencing September
WEEK DAYS '
11 -wf" 1 Valle^' a . ntl ., an RAct *T*M *9:9t>.
EE w r^ tr J ps ' tQt °' S<lll °' R*t»^ "n 6 UondaZl'
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p m.
For Mill Valley and *San Hafaol-*S:00, '10 00
, •11:30 a. m.; '1:15. 3:00.->4:S0. 6:15 p m ,' '
Trains marked • run to San Quentln V ;
; THROUGH TRAINS? V- .
7:25 a. m. week days for Caaadero and way sta-
tions ; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
• Duncan t Mills • and way, stations: 8:00 a.: m
, Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. "
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
gOI'TUKRN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PAClriO HYHTKK.)
Trnlna len«e iiikl MM iliic to »rrl»i •>
NAN FIUN(!IM:O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
leave — From January 1. IS9B. — AItRTVI
«0:00 a Niks. San Joso and Way Stations... •8:45 a
7:00 a Benlcia, Sutoua and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
":oOa Marysvillc. OroTilleand Kcddine via
Woodland • O:4Hp
7:00 a Vncavillo and Ramsey. 8:4 p
7:3»a Martinez, SauKamon.Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa. Rosa 6:13p
Br<»o\ Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kant.. Bi43p
k.-HOA Kilts, .San Joiio, Sloclitun, lone,
Sacramento. MiiijHviilo, Chlco,
Tchzmaacaßodiiliifl... 4ilftp
•8:30 a Peters, Milton ant Oakdale *7ilSr
oiOUa New Orleans Jlxptuss, Merced, Ray.
niond, Fresno, UakenUoM. Bantu
li.iiliara. 1.03 AngclcK, Den.lng,
Xl l'aso, New Orleans anil Km*. 6i43p
9:0»a Valkjo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18j15p
•I:OOp Sacramento IMver Steamers «0:00p
l:<»0r Niles, San Jcgo sod Way Stations.. :»U».\
1::»1>p Martinez anil Way .Station* 7:43*
S:00p Livcrmore, Mendota, Uanford and
V-: ;.; Viialia 4:15?
....... Lircrraorc, San Jose, Nilee and Way
Stations I<hl3
4tA«r Marline/, Ban Jl.imon, ValJojo.
i*' t v f . Nupa, (.'u'isUiga, Xl Vcrono and
■ ' S»i 1 1 ii 1!or:i OilK*
4i«*p Benida, Vacaville, Woodland,.
, s Knigl.ts Landing, Marysville, <»ro-
Tlllo an.l Sucrniiientu 1»:4B*
4iSop Nilcs, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilBp
4:30P Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bcrendft,
Frceno, .Mojaro (for Randtburg), -,
Santa liarViara and l.c.i Angeles.. 7545 a I
4i:t«p Santa Fij Jtr-nte, Atlantic Kxpreu - 1
for Moja»o Mnl i:nat •:43
rS:iiOp •' Sunset Limited." Los Angelen, El
l'aco, Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East f 10il 3a,
CB:80p " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Oileana and East |lO>ls\
0:00p Kurupenn Mail, Ogden and Host.... C:4sa
6:<Mti' Iliiyw:ii<l», KiU-s und .Sun Jose 7i4-1a
J«»:«M»i- Vullcju ~ f7i4Sp
h:O0p Oregon J:xt>i ens, Sacramento, Marys*
ville, Itetldluf, l*oi tluml, l'nget
.Sound and l'.a»t Bil3a,
SAN LKA.NIIUO AMI HaVUAI(I>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<»«:00\ T ( 7:13\
8:OOa Melrose, Spminary Park, ««oi43a
lO.'SSa FUcliliiinr, KlmliHrut. lilisi
■ 11:00* Sau Lcnmlro, South S«a I2:«^»p
U . 2:.°.?. J ! Lwuidro, KstudiHo, gjjgj
«ij:»Op ! Lorenzo. Cherry ' I (4t43p
•J:0Op ■ . . »5i43p
8:00p «na «slßr
i oi3op H»yirard9. | 7i45p
<:<»op I 8:4.1 p
2 : JIJJ P < Runs through to Nile*. . ' 0:43*
. . . . " p {FroniNUes? I0:»«p
tfll:l.nV . - ffiaiOOp
COAST MVInIO.N (Xnrrow (iiingo). '
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ ■tl^A Newark, OetitcVTillo,Bui).lose,FcltOli,
It. -iilil i r Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... ••••(>
•«il Up Newark, Centerfllle, San Jose, New
. Aliiiaden, Ftlton, ltouldcr Creek, <
■ Santa Cmt and Principal Way
Stations M«iS*«
4:15 1» Newark, Snn .lose and Los Gates ... OiSOa.'
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. . San Joso and
Way Stations }7«eOn
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN fiUNCiSCii— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:00 *a:08 tSiOfl
•4:00 j5:00 ■ •6:00 p.«.
From OilUND— Foot of Broadwiy.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00
t!2:00 «1:CO 42:00 «3::0 41:00 # 3:03r.»U
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uaaffe).
■ ' (Third and Towntond SU)
0:53 a .San Joso mil Way Stuli.uis (New '
' Ahnaden Vt'odneadaya only) , 0i33«
• :OO\ Nan .)c»io. Tien Vinos. Hanta Cms,
l'acllto (Iruve, l'aso Uobles, San
I.nls Oliispn, Uuadalupe, Surf ami
l'rhictpal Wny Stations 4ilBp -
IO:4Oa San .'osc and Way Stations *BiOOa
11:30 a Son Jns« ami Way Station* Si 3d A,
•3:3Oi>San .Mateu, l'cdwood.'Mcnlo Park.
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Gilroy,
Uollistcr, £auta Cruz, Salinas,
■ Monterey ami I'ariUc (ir0re...... *lOt4o*
*X:lSr San Jose and Principal Way .Stations *9iOOa
•I :l.li- San Josoand l'rincipal Way Sutioua 9:4Sa
•s:o<»r Baa Jose and Principal Way Station* li3op
3: '{•.»!' San Joso and Principal Way Stations SiSOp
• :.'IWl> San Joso ami Way Stations 7tXop
1II:4.*>l- San Joee ami Way .Stations 7i2Op
■ A lor Morning. . 1* (or Afternoon.
•Unnrtnys excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
■ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■ 5 Mondays and Thursdays. ; •
_T. I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
ll^JUfliJll CALIFORNIA
|yg|^^; LIMITED.
iMNfflffi^l SAN FRANCESCO
jjjMWjrlHßl CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco "at 4:30 p,m.
MONDAYS; THURSDAYS AND
I Leaves SATURDAYS. p. m
)NDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with*
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
. Pullman Palace • Drawing-Room Sleepers,
»H days to Chicago. 4V5 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:50 p. m.; carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
rast. time. Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. ■ Ban Francisco ticket orflce. 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main
IuZO. ,» Oakland - office, r 1118 . Broadway, • Sacra-
mento ' of rice, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
i?anta Clara street. " -.:,.'...; -,*■. :- .: 1
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY"
(Via SaUsalito' Ferry).' •"."
Leave San Francisco, i commencing • Novem-
ber IS, 1597: ■ ■ ■•■■• •■■ , - .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.."1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. ii:3o a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
- Hound, trip 1 from Mill Valley. 11.x. _
THOS. ■" COOK < & SON. ' Agents, 621 Market
•tr«et, | Saa Francisco- ■/*--• v * ' ~? :COOING BABIES AT THE MINING FAIR.
LELA BLISS AND W. S. BALLARD, THE PRIZE WINNERS.
THE baby show at the Mining Fair
yesterday afternoon offered a
study In two phases of human
nature; first, maternal love and
pride, and, secondly, the exten
siveness of the vocabulary from which
fond mothers select names. Fifty-four
girl babies, under 2 years of age, ac
cording to their mothers' statements,
were exhibited, and almost as many
boys. Naturally it was expected that
the girls would outnumber the boys.
The girls were the owners of those
delightful names that have graced the
stage and have been found in thrilling
novels ever since the time of Adam.
There were Bernice, Elma, Hazel, Myr
tle, lone, Bemardine, Velna, Cecilia,
Phelona, Berna, Vivian, Zone,
Dolores, Vera, Irene and Viola. These
were a few of the titles, and there were
many more that were soft sounding,
and as beautiful as the babies them
selves. The boys were a few point-3 shy
on the beauty of cognomens, and Joes,
Jacks, Henrys, Bills, Georges and
Johns made up the general run of the
future Presidents. There was one most
noticeable fact, and it was that among
th^ girls there was not a single Mary.
It is now thought that the popularity
of this name is on the decline.
BORIC ACID
TREATMENT'S
RECEPTION
Physicians Generally
Guarded in Their
Statements.
Opinions Range From*
Approbation to Mild
Condemnation.
Dr. Jerome Anderson Behoves
Dr. Djayw*Ut IS prf'the
Right Patn.
■'(*■ -.■.,<■■■-■>'>*
ONE WHO s'KNJSW&BEFORE..
Can th«.^loo<»!Stan*»S^<>uoh <^.cld to
Do Goo4^Wlthio\irt3^uxger to
W»3Patient?
Dr, George W. Daywalt's star -seems
to have risen In. the medical world, and
there la no great commotion at the dis
covery. Even the howl that rang In
the ears of Drs. Hlrschfelder and
D'Evelyn when they came forward
with remedies for disease is missing.
Physicians are very guarded In their
expressions on the merit or demerit of
the alleged discovery. Some speak In
its favor, others admit that it may
prove efficacious. Some doubt that Jt
will do good, and others condemn It
in mild terms. The general opinion
seems to be that Daywalt at least has
the benefit of humanity in mind by not
trying to conceal the simplicity of the
remedy.
A thorough canvass of the prominent
physicians of the community yester
day drew forth the following state
ments:
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn— Any ■ effort
which has for Its object the elucidation
of problems affecting life or health is
worthy of cordial encouragement.
These investigations of Dr. Daywalt
are apparently along the lines of anti
septic treatment, yet the experience
gained by me or almost analogous
routine did not give the results which
would justify the conclusion that the
method would at all be classified as a
specific. Presuming the death of the
bacillus, we are not permitted to con
sider the. result -as equivalent to the
cure of consumption. A bacillus is prob
ably as active an irritant ' when dead
as when living, as the toxine result
ing therefrom is still a foreign and
detrimental agent to the vitality of the
lung, tissue, and one of the essential
factors toward the cure of this disease
must be the removal of the secondary
effects of the bacillus and its toxine.
Dr. Jerome Anderson— l am cautious
in expressing an opinion because all
these things have to be decided by act
ual clinical experiment. There is
nothing strange or impossible in the
theory that boric acid might prove to
be a cure for consumption. It is one
of those remedies that act -by inhibit
ing growth ; rather than by killing the
sera. My bgUef is that in that flej^
The mothers were a study them
selves. They could not see any baby
but their own, and while from their
countenances there beamed much ma
ternal love, there was also the most
vindictive Jealousy. Only two pairs of
twins were to be found in the city, and
upon this proposition the giris and
boys had an even thing of it. The trip
lets failed to materialize, and the man
agement did not have to give the *20
gold piece that they offered for the
triple spray of young humanity.
Three prizes were given for the hand
somest girl babies, and three for the
boys. There were also some extra prizes
for special attractions in the baby line,
and a consolation list for those babies
who got nothing, and whose mothers
thought differently upon the subject.
This was a wise precaution upon the
part of the management, and as it was
the secretary, Joseph Cummings, bare
ly escaped with his life in his endeav
ors to settle with the disappointed mat
rons, who poured into his office after
the show to try to explain how it was
that the judges did not see Luclle's or
Johnny's charms, as the case happened
to be. Messrs. Hynemann, Neal and
Barrington, the judges, made a rapid
exit as soon as their decisions were an
nounced.
The successful contestants were:
Handsomest girl, first, Lela Bliss; sec
lies great hope. In certain diseases, as
In diphtheria, if you try to kill the
germ you may kill the patient. In
flammation always gives the microbe
an easier time of it- Pprsonally Dr.
Day wait Is a live, intelligent physi
cian and a thinker. I regard his inves
tigations very favorably.
Dr. "Williamson — As I am not on the
committee of ethics of the County-
Medical Society I am not in a position
to talk. I have not read the article
carefully, but believe there may be a
possibility of success in the use of
boric acid for! tuberculosis.
Dr. J. F. Morse — There can be no
question that the medical profession
would welcome any remedy which
might prove efficacious in battling
■with tuberculosis. It has called forth
repeated efforts on the part of medical
men to discover some treatment for its
cure. I do not believe that any of the
recent advertised remedies will prove
themselves any longer lived than those
that have gone before.
Dr. F. S. Cook— The experiment of In
troducing an agent into the human
body of sufficient strength to destroy
or render innocuous the different dis
ease producing germs or bacilli is all
the rage In medical circles the world
over. The one statement that by "ac
tual experiment it required a certain
percentage strength of the destroying
agent to produce such result," it seems
to me should, when seriously consid
WILL STAR IN HER OWN COMPANY
urged her to leave the Bostonians and procure some new opera in which she
might star, supported by a company of her own.
ing the possibilities of her magnificent voice, urged her to leave the Boston
ians and procure some new opera in which she might star, supported by a
company of her own.
The idea found great favor with Miss Nielsen, but, owing to financial dif
ficulties that stood in the way, she was unable to act on it. Finally, after
the matter had been debated for some time, she consented to an arrangement,
whereby Mr. Williams would furnish the necessary capital to have an opera
written especially for her and enable her to organize and bring out a company
of her own. Last October negotiations were entered into with Victor Her
bert of New York, the composer of "The Serenade," the opera at present be
ing sung by the Bostonians, with the result that he is now engaged in the
composition of another light opera, very similar in character to "The Sere
nade," which he hopes to finish in time to allow Miss Nielsen to open in it
at the beginning of next winter's seison in New York.
Miss Nielsen will continue with the Bostonians until the conclusion of the
present season, when she will sever her connection with that company, carry
ing with her Eugene Cowles, the celebrated basso, who will join her in her
contemplated venture, together with her sister Hortense, at present studying
in this city. The manager of the new company has not been finally, decided
upon, but in Ail probability it will be Mr. Fraak Pearly,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
ond, Bessie Kane; third, Edna Shutz.
Handsomest boy — First, William S.
Ballard; second, Heber V. Tllden;
third, Roman Mitchell.
Bluest eyed baby, Jack McMurray;
blackest eyed, Lavinia Thomas; best
natured, Vivian Hallowell; youngest,
Velvian • Fteschshower. six weeks;
twins. Melvin and Myrtle Hartmenson
and Melville and Ernest Mote.
Honorable mention — Bernice Stewart.
Klondike Suerstedt, Thomas Farley,
Fred Barker. Hubert Dreyer, Ethel
Cruz, Selma Hobbs. Joe Furder, Milton
C. Smith and Agatha Ahem.
Both in the afternoon and at nisrht
Captain John Holtum gave an exhibi
tion of juggling with heavy cannon
balls, catching one fired from a cannon.
His jugglery is truly a marvelous ex
hibition of strength, and every motion
that he makes with the heavy balls is
full of grace. The catching of the ball
from the cannon evoked great ap
plause. Captain Holtum after he
catches the ball loads the cannon again
and fires it from his shoulder. He will
be put on again to-morrow night by
the management, and he has posted
$100 challenge for any man who will
catch the ball from the cannon.
The three features for to-day and to
night are the Martels, "The Battle of
Gettysburg" and the fact that every
lady who visits the fair will receive as
a souvenir a dainty cup and saucer.
To-morrow being the anniversary of
ered, prevent unnecessary labor which
is being expended in that direction.
The desired thing is to produce or
discover some agent sufficiently innoc
uous so that it can be introduced in
sufficient quantity or quantities to
make the human body represent a solu
tion of the strength predetermined in
laboratorical research without destroy
ing the tissues of the body itselC The
remedy is doubtful.
Dr. A. P. Woodward, president of the
San Francisco County Medical Society
— Until the boric acid treatment has
been thoroughly tested, scientifically,
I do not wish to express myself as be
ing in favor of or against Its use. So
far all the so-called treatments for the
cure of tuberculosis have failed, those
of recent date being as .short-lived as
the more ancient remedies.
Dr. C. F. Buckley— The question of
curing consumption by any method is
one of the most engrossing before the
medical profession throughout the
world to-day. I have no doubt science
will reach the desired goal in due time.
I have been making experiments in
this direction for the past three years.
The only active quality Dr. Hirschfeld
er's aseptaline can possibly possess lies
in the 5 per cent of boric acid, which
is the last addition of his solution. This
I pointed out to my medical friends be
fore I wrote anything on the subject,
because in my sterilization experiments
I found this chemical one of the most
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, the well
known and popular president of
the California Jockey Club, has
taken a new departure, and now,
not only backs the horses, but
acts as a patron of the art and backs
theatrical enterprises.
Some two years ago Mr. Williams
heard Miss Nielsen, at present with
the Bostonians, who are soon to open
at the Baldwin, sing, and, realizing the
possibilities of her magnificent voice,
the birth of President Abraham Lin
coln, the day will be observed with
some special features.
The following is the musical pro
gramme for this evening:
Overture, "Midsummer Night's Dream"
...'. Mendelssohn
Selection, "Orphee aux Enfer" Offenbach
Waltz. "Pream of the Ocean" Gungl
Japanese Cradle S^ng Puerner
Fantasie, "Awakening of the Lion"
De Kontski |
Intermission.
Grand fantasie, "Battle of Gettysburg"
Cappa
Synopsis: The army bivouac. (2) Five o'clock
heard from the city. (3) Cavalry reveille.
(4) Infantry. (5) Bustle in camp. (6) The
cannon is heard from the enemy. (7) As
sembly of the infantry and cavalry. (S) For
mation of the army. (9) Departure of the
army to meet the enemy. (10) Passing in
review before the commander-in-ehief. (11)
Unit before the enemy. (12) Developing
skirmishers. (13) The battle commences.
(14i Suffering of the wounded Is heard while
the battle is In progress. (15) Charge of
cavalry. (16) Infantry cheering the cavalry.
(IT) Cease firing. (18) Halt. (19) Surrender
of the enemy and burial of the dead. (22)
Strike tents; hnin^wartl bound by railroad.
(28) Arrival at railroad station; rejoicing of
the people; singing the great anthem. "Star
spangled Banner," with cannon accompani
ment.
Chorus by pupils of Franklin Grammar School,
■ Richard Faulkner, principal; Miss Jane Sey-
mour, directive.
Polo for cornet W. B. Rogers
March. "Belle of rittsburg" Herbert
powerful germicides known.
My friend Dr. Henry Gibbons in one
of the Eastern journals, gives a num
ber of cases successfully treated by the
local nostrums, and points out that the
bacillus is readily destroyed by It on
the experimental table. This is highly
scientific! Did it not occur to him that
the 5 per cent solution of boric acid
would readily achieve the same purpose
without the veal broth? The injection
of boric acid into thp circulation is not
as free from risk as a new medical
philosopher claims.
Dr. W. F. McNutt— l do not think the
remedy scientific. First, we have to
find out how much boric acid is re
quired to do what Daywalt claims. It
has never been demonstrated in any
scientific laboratory that the blood
could stand it in sufficient quantity to
destroy the germ without killing the
patient. When that is shown then the
profession will have faith in the rem
edy. Quinine is good for malaria sim
ply because the body can stand, with
out injury, enough of it to kill the
microbe. Can the body stand enough
boric acid to kill the consumption germ
without dire risk of immediate death?
UNIVERSITY LOSES A BEQUEST.
Judge Coffey Decides That Money
Left It Must Go the Next of Kin
Judge Coffey rendered a decision yester
day which will cut off the University of
California from receiving a bequest
amounting to nearly $4000. Herman
Royer, at the time of making his will,
thought himself possessed of a large
amount of worldly goods, and made a
clause in it for the establishing of a pro
fessorship of political economy at Berk
eley. When the executors came to ad
minister the estate they found that liti
gation and losses had lessened his for
tune, and but a small amount remained
Joseph Leggett was appointed attorney
for the absent heirs, and objected to the
university receiving the monfy, on techni
cal grounds. Judge Coffey sided with Mr.
Leggett, and yesterday delivered an
opinion, in which he said: "I am of tne
opinion that the I nivorsity of California
is incapable of taking the bequest men
tioned in the will of the decedent, as the
bequest has wholly failed, and that the
whole of the residue should be distributed
to the next of kin."
PROMINENT GERMAN DEAD.
Andrew Kusteberg Passes Away
After a Lingering Illness of
Four Months.
Andrew Rusteberg, a prominent Ger
man musician of 1 this city, aged 62 years,
died at his residence, 2705 Folsom street!
at S:3O o'clock last night after a lingering
illness of several months.
The deceased was a native of Germany
but had lived here for the past thirty-five
years. He was most prominently iden
fied with the Vereln Elntracht, and will
be buried from its hall at 2 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. All the German bands
will attend the funeral and the interment
will be in Odd Fellows' Cemetery The
deceased leaves several children. He was
a noted trumpet player and had played
with the greatest artists that have visited
this country. Mr. Rusteberg was a man
who had traveled extensively and was
possessed of a wonderful fund of informa
tion. The news of his death will be a
great source of sorrow to his many
friends.
SOME NOTED GREYHOUNDS.
Dr. Yon Hummell, the famous coursing
enthusiast of Philadelphia, who visited
this coast seven years ago, arrived here
yesterday from Los Angeles with a string
of dogs, namely: Just. Eclipse, Chit Chat,
Van Tralee, Van Brulle, Van Cloie, Van
Manle, Van Nida and Van Knapp. As may
be seen, the Vans are well represented.
While in Los Angeles the doctor sold
Breach of Promise, a first-class dog.
He arrived here purposely to condition
his charges for the great interstate meet
ing which will be held at Ingleside Cours
ing Park on the 22d inst. The doctor stated
that he expected to see some noted East
ern coursing men here in time to witness
the meeting between the crack dogs of the
East and West.
J. Lynch, the local coursing enthusiast,
who was mentioned last week as having
purchased a kennel of Eastern dogs, re
ceived last evening from J. A. Graham of
St. Louis the following dogs: Decota. by
Glenkirk— Gilda; Mystic Maid, by Millers
Rab— Lady Pembrook; and two very
pretty saplings by imported Astronomy-
Mystic Maid.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln- Tablet*. All
dnigfflsta refund the money If It falls to cure.
»c. The genuine baa L, B. Q. on eaca tablet
CHALMERS WILL
BE DETAINED
Must Be Quarantined and
Fumigated With the
Passengers.
War Is Declared Between the
State and the Federal
Authorities.
A Stringent Order by the Surveyor
of the Port to Keep Him on
Board Until Released.
In accordance with Instructions re
ceived from Collector Jackson, Sur
veyor of the Port Spear issued an or
der yesterday that will neutralize fu
ture attempts of State Quarantine Offi
cer Chalmers to interfere with the du
ties of Federal Quarantine Officer
Rosenau. The order commands board
ing officers to enforce strictly the quar
antine rules requiring all persons who
board incoming vessels to remain on
board until after the Federal quaran
tine officer shall have performed the
duties of his office and given tljg ves
sel free pratique. The order defines
"all persons" as Federal officers, cus
toms inspectors. United States mar
shals and "all others."
"All others" will include Dr. Chal
mers and representatives of his office.
If the doctor boards .a vessel subject
to quarantine he will be forcibly de
tained on board unless he should exhib
it an intention of Jumping overboard
and swimming ashore. He and the re
mainder of "all others" will be detained
until the passengers have been fumi
gated.
When the Peru arrived here a few
weeks ago with President Dole on
board Dr. Chalmers acted in a manner
that was construed as officious by the
Federal officials, and in giving free pra
tique to the vessel they say that he cer
tified not only that the laws of the
State, but of the United States, had
been complied with. The Federal offi
cials immediately concerned say that
the quarantine regulations of the
United States had not been compiled
with because the examination was
made at night when the regulations
provide that it must be made by day
light.
Dr. Chalmers' action in the matter
was reported to Collector Jackson, and
he wrote a letter to the Secretary of
the Treasury, laying all the facts be
fore him. A reply was received a day
or two ago, and the Collector was ad
vised of his rights in case the State
quarantine officer ventured to interfere
with the Federal quarantine officer in
the performance of his duties as such.
Surveyor Spear was notified, and his
stringent order of yesterday was the
result.
BIDS FOR THE
SAN PEDRO HARBOR
Seventeen Contractors Are
Anxious to Work, for the
Government.
The Lowest Bidder "Will Not Be
Determined Until
To-Day.
Bids for the breakwater of the San Pe
dro harbor were opened yesterday at
noon In the office of Major Charles E. L.
B. Davis of the United States Engineers
Corps, In the Flood building. The rep
resentatives of the competing firms were
present and seventeen bids were offered.
According to the specifications for the
construction of the breakwater, each bid
is subdivided so as to constitute a sep
arate bid upon each piece of work. The
specifications asked bids on 136,020 long
tons of stone for the foundation, 1,933,603
tons on the substructure, 221,025 tons on
the superstructure and 2370 cubic yards
of concrete work. Bids were also invited
on rock from the quarries of the bidders
and on San Clemente rock.
Much interest was manifested as Major
Davis read the figures, which were care
fully recorded by his assi3tants. One no
ticeable fact was that where the contrac
tors bid on the rock from San Clemente
there was a marked reduction. The gen
eral supposition is that the regular rule
will be followed and the bid awarded to
the lowest bidder; and to determine who
is the lowest bidder will take until this
evening, for the amounts in each bid
have to be multiplied by the figures
called for in the specifications, and this
has to be done on each separate piece of
The final disposition of the matter will
depend largely upon the bond offered by
the successful firm. When the lowest
bidder has been determined, Major Davis
will forward a recommendation that the
contract be awarded to that bidder, but
the final action in the matter rests en
tirely with the Secretary of War.
The following were the bids submitted
yesterday:
Knapp & Gillen, Racine. Wla., bid only on
San Clemente rock: foundation, $1 07; substruc
ture $1 07; superstructure. $3; concrete, $6.
Kingston & Sylvester, Buffalo, N. V., on rock
from quarry of their own choice; foundation,
70c substructure, 51c; superstructure. $1 90;
concrete, $7 50; on San Clemente rock, respect
ively, 65c, 46c. $1 60, $7 50. Heldmeier & New,
Chicago, own rock; foundation, 63c; substruc
ture 63c; superstructure, $1 66; concrete, $6 80;
San' Clemente rock, respectively, 54^-.c, 72c,
$6 80. Smith & Mallory, Sherrytown, la., own
rock: foundation, 79c; substructure, 73c; super
structure, $1 45; concrete, $4; on San Clemente
rock, no reduction. Rudolph Axman & Co.,
San ' Pedro, own rock; foundation. 64c; sub
structure, 70c; superstructure, Jl 93; concrete,
$8; no reduction on San Clemente.
California Construction Company, San Fran
cisco, own rock— Foundation, 96c: substructure.
95c; superstructure, $2 95; concrete, $3 65; San
Clemente. respectively, S7c. 85c, J2 90. $5 65.
National Contracting Company. New York,
own rock— Foundation, $2; substructure, $2; su
perstructure, J2; concrete, $6. San Clemente,
respectively. 97V4c. W%C 9'^c, J6.
(Jrlfflths & McDermott, Chicago, own rock —
Foundation. S2c; substructure, 78c; super
structure. $1 75; concrete. $6 50. San Clemente,
respectively. 73c. 72c, $1 70. $6 50.
Gratton & Jennings. New York, own rock-
Foundation, 92c; substructure. 92c; superstruc
ture $2; concrete, $5. San Clemente, respective
ly 90c. 90c. $1 75. $5.
Hale, Abbott, O'Meary & Gamble. St. Louis,
Mo., own rock— Foundation, 87c: substructure.
87c'' superstructure, $3 10; concrete, $6. San
Clemente. 7Sc. 78c. VI 72, *6.
Jacob Friday & Sons. Plttsburg, own rock-
Foundation. $1 19^: substructure. $1 19H: su
perstructure, ?1 19V»; concrete. $5. San Clem
ente. $1 08^, n 08H. *1 08VJ, $5.
McDonald, Killlbrew & Co., own rock—Foun
dation, 89c; substructure. 89c: superstructure.
$1 49; concrete. $6. San Clemonte, 8S 9-10 c; 88
9-lOc, $1 48 9-10, *6.
Warren, Malley & Day, San Francisco, own
rock, no reduction on San Clemente — Founda
tion, 83c; substructure, 85c; superstructure, $3;
concrete, $6 10.
\V. L. Prather Jr., Oakland, own rock-
Foundation, 87 7-10 c; substructure, 87 7- 10 c;
superstructure, $2 79; concrete, $5. San
Clemente, 77 7-10 c, 77 7-10 c. $2 59, $5.
Hale & Kern Construction Company, Port
land. Or., own rock — Foundation, 85c; sub
structure. 85c; superstructure. $2 25; concrete,
$6. San Clemente, 80c, Soe, $1 75, $6.
William T. Gaynor, Fayetteville. New York,
own rock— Foundation, Soc; substructure, 85c;
superstructure, %\ 49; concrete, $9. San Clem
ente. .S3c. 83c. $1 47. 19.
J. C. Bull Jr., Humboldt County. Cal., bid
only on San Clemente rock — Foundation, 99c;
substructure, 99c; superstructure, 99c; con
crete, $9 63,
CHEF WILLIAMS
IN DISGRACE
Caught in the Act of Ac
cepting Money From
a Prisoner.
He Is Made to Disgorge and
Ordered to Remain in the
Kitchen.
Another Scandal In the Culinary
Department of the City
Prison.
Harry Williams, the chef of the City
Prison is in disgrace. He was caught
yesterday in the act of accepting
money from a prisoner who wanted an
extra plate of "hash."
Williams is the individual who seems
determined to starve the inmates of the
City Prison unless they pay him for his
trouble. Since the publication in The
Call of the queer methods of Williams,
Chief Lees has instructed the City
Prison officials to keep a close watch
on him. Determined to catch him at
his tricks of "bleeding" the unfortun
ate men confined in the prison, the of
ficials took a prisoner into their confi
dence for the purpose of obtaining suf
ficient evidence against the scheming
cook. The prisoner was given 50 cents
and as Williams passed down the cor
! ridor dealing out the meagre rations to
the occupants of the cells the former
called him. He told him he had money
i and offered him the 50 cents ir he would
| bring him an extra plate of "hash."' The
cook readily fell into the trap, and
after taking the money he started for
| the kitchen to get the extra "dish.^
I Just then one of the prison officials who
I had been apprised of the transaction
I held up Williams and compelled him
! to return the money to the prisoner.
After being severely reprimanded for
his despicable methods, Williams was
ordered into the kitchen a.nd told not
to leave it until his term of sentence
was up. The prison dishwasher now
| feeds the prisoners, much to fche hu
: miliatlon of the convict cook.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
JUSTICE CARROLL
IS THREATENED
A Long Delayed Judg
ment the Cause of
the Trouble.
He Received Money and Holds
It for Six Months and
Over.
Justice of the Peace John A. Carroll
has been threatened with criminal pro
ceedings because he fails and refuses
to either return money deposited with
him in a case in his court or to render
judgment in the litigation.
About a year ago J. H. Lichenstein,
the pawnbroker, paid a deposit of $250
with the real estate firm of McAfee
Bros, as a deposit on the price of a
piece of real estate that he thought of
purchasing. Later the bargain palled
on him, and he demanded the return
of his deposit, meeting with a refusal
from the dealers. Then Lichenstein
sued in the Justice Court for the re
turn of his money. Before the case
went to trial the property was sold to
a third party, and McAfee Bros, had
the name of the original owner, a
young man named Murphy, substituted
as defendant. When the case was
called before Justice Carroll that official
ordered that the amount sued for be
paid into court, and Murphy made the
deposit as required. Such deposits are
usually made with the clerk of the
court, but In this case the money was
accepted and receipted for by the court
itself.
The case went to trial six months ago
and was taken under advisement by
Justice Carroll. Since then repeated
demands have been made by the de
fendant for a judgment so that the
money could either be drawn down or
used to satisfy the judgment, but Jus
tice Carroll has refused to heed the de
mand.
Murphy and the friends whom he
consulted have told Justice Carroll that
■ the judgment must be rendered, but he
I has delayed the matter on various ex-
I cuses until their patience is about ex-
I hausted, and they have about decided
to apply to the courts for redress.
Justice Carroll is known to be in bad
financial straits, but he promises to
I render judgment and pay over the
> money at an early date.
An excited altercation over the mat
j ter took place between Justice Carroll
! and Thomas S. Mulvey, a friend of the
I defendant, in a downtown saloon yes-
I terday, and the latter threatened pro-
I ceedings against Carroll unless some
! thing was done at once.
i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Woolen Blankets, ■
A Mackinaw Clothing, ■
B Extra Heavy M
X Flannel Underwear 9
■ and Orerwear, 9
I Extra Heavy Sweaters, M
B Woolen Mitts, H
X Gloves, Socks, S
H Cordnroy Suits, Etc. fi
■■ The best in the world to re- fl
I sist cold, wear and hard usage, fig
118H231 18H23 Sansowe SrVl
CRUEL RUSE TO
FOOL THE HEN
Trying to Extort Extra Eggs by
Means of Trick, and
Device.
Ben True Tells of the Scheme of
Inventor Bridenbeeker, but Does
Not Openly Indorse It.
Ben True has been a detective so long
that his professional instincts are ever
alert. He likes to search out the un
knowable secret and clear away the im
penetrable mystery. Mr. True has been
visiting the Atlantic coast. It was a long
way from home, but he took his profes
sional habit with him and kept on the
lookout for something new. He comes
back convinced that he has found it.
The novelty is designed to bamboozle
the domestic hen. The genius who con
trived it is named Bridenbecker, and
feathered generations yet unborn will
rise up on the barnyard fence to call him
not blessed. The iniquity of the "cold
deck" is nothing to what Bridenbecker has
rung in on the industrious fowl. He wants
her to work overtime.
Bridenbecker has devised a nest having
a false and fleeting bottom, which, under
the weight of an egg automatically
opens, letting the egg through and out of
sight. Her duty done, the hen turns
around to observe the product of her toll
and beholds an empty nest. She blush
ingly stifles a half formulated cackle and
goes on the nest again, of course with %
similar result. Bridenbecker has made a
study of the hen and brought to the task
uj. intellect almost equal to the hen's.
He is confident that she will lay three
eggs in constant succession before going
away to lay a complaint on the table of
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Poultry. By the next day she will
have forgotten the experience and be
ready to repeat it.
Mr. True does not say he has absolute
faith in the Bridenbecker idea, and yet
he may have, for a proposal to try th*»
machine on the goose that lays the golden
eggs seems to strike him favorably.
No Diseased Cattle Wanted.
The Municipal Council of Apia. Samoa,
has passed an ordinance requiring all im
porters of horses, cattle or sheep into
that country to furnish a certificate of
the good health of the stock, the inspec
tion to be made at the last port of ship
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Cup of Chocolate
has a better flavor — it
tastes better in every
way — when you are cer-
tain it is pure and fresh.
GHIRARDELLrS
MONARCH CHOCOLATE
is always fresh and pure, and is un-
excelled both as a drink and as a
flavor to pastry. It has a delight-
ful, !r>eUcw flavor found in no other '
chocolate.- A sample package free
with each can of Ghirardelli's
Cocoa.
1 ANNUAL 1
I Clearance Sale |
Is. & g7gump, 1
i Art Store, I
g 113 Geary Street. £*
§ 20° „ Discount 1
& " — — #
a Pictures, »
« Statuary, »
0 Ornaments, »
a Crockery, a
a Glassware, Etc. a
g SALE TO LAST DURING MONTH »
§ OF FEBRUARY ONLY. §
» »
SKAGUAY
And DYEA
The Elegant Fast Steamer :
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail on or About "
FEBRUARY 17th.
For passage and freight, apply at once to
JOHN A. MAGEE JR., '
Agent, 310 Clay St.
Coke! Coke! Coke
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of \ ■ .
FOUNDRY and FURNACE COKE.
!■ I have on . hand a large quantity or ' San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite \ for
furnace :or cannel for grate use. . • This coke is
made ' from * the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE : DAMIAN'A BITTERS, THH
great Mexican Remedy: gives health *a 4
■|rength to the sexual organs. ..-
'l:-.v;:-:-\i«'-Jf~-r~'-T- <■"";■.•.-——-■■ -■-■' .- v ''- •■ ■:
56
FRIDAY FEBRUARY n, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F- j
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main iis74.
THE 6AN FRANCKSCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns j
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month !
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ' Ri&gs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 930 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2526
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Girl from Paris."
California Theater— Blac& Pattl's Troubadours.
Columbia—'" What HappcneJ to Jones."
Alc.-izar— "Charley's Aunt."
Morosco's— "The Unknown,"
Tivoli-"The Pearl of Pekiu."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., Sunday night
Olympia. corner Mason and Kdily streets— Specialties.
Auditorium, Masou and Ellis streets— Song Kecltal.
The Chutes— Cliiqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining- Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Calilornia Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Bntterfleld— This day, February 11. Turkish
Ruts, at llri >mt«?r Ptreet, at 2 anil s p. m.
THE HOMICIDAL SUICIDE.
/"~* LEVELAND has a chance to show whether a
L man of morbid tendencies has a right to kill
himself when the operation involves the carry
ing off of people whose inclinations have not been
consulted. Just because oneindividual happensto have
chronic indigestion is no logical excuse for his treat
ing his malady with a remedy so comprehensive as to
take in every one in the vicinity. In illustration of
this point may be cited the case of a Cleveland man
with a wife and nine children. The man was not of
a happy disposition. The world had palled. The
prattling of infants did not soothe him. The other
morning the entire tribe was found unconscious from
the effects of gas. Many of them will die. The fel
low who turned on the gas, however, deserves to live
until certain preliminaries can be attended to, and
then he ought to hang on a gallows of extra height.
Certainly he could not object. He pines for death,
and death by hanging lias many advantages over the
same thing by gas. The State pays the expense and
the estate is not cinched for the cost of the destroying
fluid measured off by an active meter.
STILL GROPING IN ERROR.
THE Chronicle sees in the annexation treaty as
its chief merit that "it is designed to open up a
wide field of enterprise for white men now un
occupied because of Asiatics."
While the meaning of this is obscure, like the
meaning of all utterances on that subject by the an
nexation press, we take it to be that at present Asiat
ics, principally Japanese, hold the laborfield in Hawaii
against all comers. We should think that ardent an
nexationists would express regret that the Dole Gov
ernment, in the nearly five years it has been in power,
has not freed the islands from the Asiatics and proved
that the plantations can be worked by white labor.
As we have pointed out, Dole has been supreme.
None could defeat or obstruct any policy he chose to
follow. If white men could have worked the planta
tions he should have proved it. What his acts have
failed to establish cannot now be made sure I . a
paragraph in the Chronicle. Dole's mission to Wash
ington has been accomplished. It was to make sure
the right of the planters to import Japanese coolies.
They are being landed in Honolulu now in shiploads
of 500. Hundreds of thousands of acres of virgin
sugar lands will be planted immediately upon annex
ation, and the planters are taking time by the fore
lock in importing their coolie labor.
We have asked the Chronicle to point out any place
in the world where sugar cane is raised by free white
labor, at white wages, and it has not found such a
place.
We state it as a fact irrefutable that the only sugar
ever produced by white labor at white wages is beet
sugar. Annexation means that American beet sugar
is to be sacrificed to' the cane sugar and coolie labor
of Hawaii.
No one has yet quoted anything from the annexa
tion treaty that disproves this, because it is not there
to quote. But Mr. Dole was not content with the
negative permission of coolie labor in that Janus
faced document, and the object of his trip here was to
make a side bargain that leaves Hawaii permanently
open to Japan.
Somebody has written in the Stockton Mail an
able editorial in denunciation of the vagrancy Jaw.
The article calls this law a blot upon the statute
book. It is exactly this. Under its benign provision
any man out of work and seeking it is likely to be
thrown into a jail, for the sake of the arresting offi
cer's fee, and when released to have a similar ex
perience with the next constable who happens to see
him. The law as it stands is not only unjust, but
ridiculous, and in all probability a test would show
it to be unconstitutional.
With every appearance of frankness the Stockton
papers are calling attention to the fact that there is
corruption in San Francisco. Their information does
not come as a surprise. Indeed it merely gives rise
to a belief that they have been reading The Call,
which has lately contained several remarks on the
subject. In fact, there seems to have been so much
corruption here that the importation of an extra lot
from Stockton was clearly superfluous.
Circumstances would look brighter for the Dep
uty Sheriffs on trial for killing strikers in Pennsyl
vania if the men had not all been shot in the back.
While it may be true that a striker is sometimes a
dangerous man, when he is engaged in running away
the excuse for sending a bullet after him does not
stand forth impressive and final.
Mr. Lynn of Oakland can hardly hope to convince
the world that the Lord told him to kill Mrs. Lynn,
but if he can succeed in making the world think he
believes he got such an order it will be a good move
*o his game
THE DE LOME INCIDENT.
THE Spanish Minister has taken his pen in hand
and cut off his head. He is a victim of the
epistolary habit, a complaint that carried off
the Hon. Sackville West in 1888.
The offenses of these two diplomats are mild,
however, in comparison with the attack of foot and
I mouth disease which undid the Citizen Genet, sent
here as the Minister of France in the midst of the
i French revolution. He landed at Charleston and
I seemed to assume that he was sent here to order us
!to arms to fight for France. He found the people
ready to shout and immediately began issuing proc
: lamations, holding public meetings and making
1 speeches, before presenting his credentials to the
President. Seen in the perspective of nearly a cen
tury the affair is merely fantastic and funny, but it is
probable that no other country was ever put under
such a peculiar strain as that to which the French
man subjected this. He freely criticized the Presi
dent and Secretary of State, and acted as if he had it
in mind to depose the administration and take charge
v: the country himself, following the method by
which Bonaparte was in the habit of unseating
kings and putting in their places his brothers and
brothers-in-law. Citizen Genet was finally sup
pressed and sent home, foaming at the mouth, and
was not heard of again. Compared with him Sack
ville West and De Lome were models of prudence,
though one iet himself be tricked by a decoy letter
into writing about the domestic affairs of this country
and the other has permitted his resentment and
anger to get the better of his discretion, and the
wrestle was not hard, for his discretion is not robust.
His Spanish countrymen who compose the Cuban
Junta have a perfectly clear comprehension of the sit
uation. They counted with certainty upon their
ability to goad him into making a false step and ex
posing him in it, and they have succeeded.
The incident gives rise to some inquiry into the re
lations of the United States to diplomacy and our in
ternational relations. The Senate is part of the ex
ecutive when treaties are made, and comes" directly
in contact as such with the representatives of foreign
Governments.
Members of the Senate have not recently sought
to butter their diplomatic parsnips with soft words in
their characterizations of the Spanish Government
and people. Spain has been openly abused and de
rided, and everything from the Inquisition to the
quality of Havana cigars has been riung in her face.
One Senator deliberately said that she was a nation
of thieves and robbers. The epithetic and invective
resources of our language have been pumped dry for
verbal ammunition to use against the Dons. It may
be hard to convince foreigners that Senators who
show such violent prejudice and express it in such
violent language, as legislators, can enter the secret
session and sit with diplomatic fairness and courtesy
over international matters with the same country
whose people they have publicly denounced. De Lome
seems to have been unable to comprehend this. His
country needed in his place a man incapable of being
affected in his temper by the almost daily violence
and abuse in Congress. Perhaps the fact that hv was
not such a man, and that he will be probably suc
ceeded by one like himself, is evidence of the weak
ness and decay of Spain and proof that fate is not
fighting on her side.
EXCESSIVE CANADIAN ENTERPRISE.
CANADIAN enterprise has undertaken to con
struct to Dawson a railway line which, accord
ing to its promoters, is to be wholly on Cana
dian territory. The proposal has a certain noble
sound that has won admiration, but it will bear
watching. It is possible the enterprise may be one
iof the kind that overleaps itself. Canada may have
i undertaken more than she can accomplish.
A railroad starting from any Canadian point and
j running to Dawson through British Columbia wouKl
i be extremely costly, and the line would be so long
that years would be required to construct it. The only
, way to make a short line capable of speedy construe-
I tion would be to start from some point on the sea
j coast opposite the Yukon Valley, but It is more than
J doubtful if Canada possesses any point 6O situated as
| to be available for the purpose.
No less than five routes have been suggested and
discussed in connection with the proposed enterprise.
. Three of these are, designed to make the starting
'i place at some point on the Lynn Canal, a fourth
I starts from Taku Inlet, and the fifth, which according
\to late reports has been almost decided upon, is to
j make the point of departure from the sea at Stickeen
River. By either of these routes a comparatively
short line would reach the headwaters of the Yukon
I Valley, and the construction could probably be com
pleted as proposed within a year.
There is on one and all of these short routes, how
ever, a difficulty which the enterprising Canadians
i have either overlooked or chosen to ignore. The
j United States lays claim to all that portion of the
< Alaskan coast. It is true the boundary of that part
! of Alaska has not b«en surveyed and determined by
the two Governments and Canada may possibly have
; a water front at the Stickeen, but the chances are
; the territory around the mouth of that river for at
least twenty miles back belongs to the United States.
i If this claim be found correct when the official sur
j vey is made, what will become of the "all Cana
i dian" route?
The American people admire enterprise. They
have noted with admiration the swiftness of the Can
; adians to seize everything within their reach on this
! coast from the soil of Alaska to the seals that swim
in the sea. Admiration, however, does not imply a
willingness to yield to the admirable object. It not
j infrequently excites emulation and desire to set up as
j a rival. If the Canadians in their eagerness to get an
j all Canadian route to the Yukon should take posses-
I sion of territory that belongs to us, we may feel so
moved by admiration of the enterprise as to set forth
I and take our coast line back again and the whole
j Yukon Valley along with it.
Another cure for consumption has appeared and
will be welcomed. The world is perfectly willing that
this disease shall be exterminated, and has boundless
faith. The latest cure has advantages not to be
claimed by its predecessors. In the first place, it is
not enwrapped in mystery, and it is not produced by
incantations only effective if conducted with the
moon in a certain quarter. If borax is fatal to the
bacilli of tuberculosis any man with lungs only
partly caved in can go into the desert with a shovel
and scoop enough of the remedy up to insure him
such a dose of longevity that he may get tired of it.
It would appear that a man intent upon committing
a cold-blooded murder should first take a few drinks.
Then a jury will pity him for having been led into
error and decline to treat him to the hanging he
really deserves.
That Horace Boies of lowa should be in favor of a
new policy is not surprising. A policy which fails to
bring him prominently to the front is naturally de
fective in the eyes of Mr. Boies.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
\A ONUMENTAL nerve may always be expected
/ \ from corporations. Having no souls these crea
tions of the law are furnished with an assur
ance which, measured by the ordinary arithmetical
rules, runs into figures too vast to be comprehended
by the human mind.
In the production of corporation nerve the glorious
climate of California stands first in the world. Our
corporations have long worn the belt for the cool
ness with which they put forward what used to be
known on the sand lot as "thieving propositions,"
But no exhibition of corporation nerve ever pre
sented to the people of this city has exceeded in mag
nitude the recent application of the Spring Valley
Water Works to the Board of Supervisors for au
thority to increase water charges. To understand this
proposition it is not necessary to inquire as to the
rate of interest paid by the corporation to its stock
holders, nor as to the water in its capital stock, nor
as to the character of its management, which, we be
lieve, even by its enemies, is admitted to be excel
lent.
What the outside investigator would like to know
is the theory on which President Howard argues that
the people of San Francisco ought to provide money
for "new construction." If the people are to con
tinue to pay for putting in pipe lines and building
reservoirs, is it not about time that they should be
allowed interest on their investment? If the stock
holders of the Spring Valley Water Works cannot
provide against the danger of dry seasons and re
plenish their water system as fast as it wears out, on
what reasonable ground can they demand that the
ratepayers shall allow them 6 per cent on their al
leged investment?
The Call does not sympathize with the constant en
deavors of the demagogues to create public preju
dice against corporations. As a rule we think the
purpose of most assaults on what the politicians call
the "public utilities" is blackmail and political plun
der. But it is just such things as this demand on the
Supervisors by Spring Valley for an increase in
water rates which gives the blackmailers their handles.
For years President Howard has been assuring the
public that if it would only help him build the
Crystal Springs reservoir he would put a water famine
forever behind him. Yet the first chance he gets he
comes forward with an alarming story about the
tardy rain and a plaintive appeal for more money
with which to make his water supply more secure.
Under no circumstances whatever should the Su
pervisors increase water rates. If the stockholders of
Spring Valley desire to improve their supply system
they should provide the money themselves or author
ize their board of directors to increase the capital of
the corporation and sell shares to raise the amount.
The most they can ask the ratepayers to do is to
liquidate operating expenses, pay interest on the
company's debt and allow a fair dividend on the
actual capital invested. Not a dollar of the people's
money can be justly expended on "new construc
tion" or in rejuvenation of the plant.
AN INTERESTING CONTEMPORARY.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Congressional
Record, is too often regarded by the general
public as a mere depository for political bun
combe and thrown into the waste basket without
further ado. This rude treatment it does not always
deserve. Occasionally it contains a good deal in the
way of poetry and general criticism, and on such oc
casions repays attention as well :h merits it.
The issue of the Record for January 27 is an in
stance in point. Take this as a sample of poetry
suitable for quotation in debate on the great issues of
the day:
O Mammoth Care, what a spot —
In summer cold, in winter hot.
Oh, what an awful wonder!
Hell and damnation gone to thunder!
The meaning, moral and significance of the verse
are so clear and so suggestive to the mind, it is
hardly necessary to say it was used to illustrate a point
raised during a debate on an appropriation bill for
the District of Columbia. It is to that section of the
Union and to that subject only that such a verse
could be made to apply without losing dignity and
becoming absurd.
Even more interesting than the poetry of the num
ber is the criticism it contains on certain newspapers
in the city of New York. The future historian of
journalism in America who turns to the Record to
find expression of contemporaneous opinion on cer
tain phases of the journalism of the day will find
printed in this issue a memorial from a Grand Army
post in Kansas, which sets forth that opinion with a
degree of force sufficient to maintain its vitality for
years to come.
The memorial says of Harper's Weekly: "It has
always been a disloyal sheet; its patriotism has been
but salt to savor its disunion sentiments. It is at all
times Tory, and if ever a loyal word crept into that
paper it was pure commerce and nothing more. It
panders to the English population in New York and
London and desires the approval of foreigners rather
than the esteem of its own countrymen."
Turning next to the New York World the gentle
course of candid criticism continues: "The World
is a degenerate; each column is a prostitute, and the
laborer on it is worthy of his hire. It knows neither
loyalty, decency or morals." After that comes the
turn of the New York Journal, and the criticism pro
ceeds: "The Journal has the ability to imitate the
vices of its greater contemporary for rot, and neither
understands nor comprehends what it took in men
and money to preserve this country."
It is not worth while to make further quotations.
The extracts given are sufficient to prove the state
ment that the Record is sometimes interesting. Being
an official publication, it is not liable to suits for
libel, and its criticisms therefore are at times as can
did as truth itself, while its poetry, freed from the su
pervision of unpoetic souls, attains a flight that
"would have made Quintilian gasp and stare."
Somehow the United States Supreme Court has not
been educated up to the idea that the natural conclu
sion to be derived from the fact that r murderer ha?
been condemned is that he ought to be set free. Cali
fornia lawyers might do some missionary work in the
national capital.
At this distance it is impossible to have a firmly
grounded opinion of the justice of the verdict against
Luetgert in Chicago. Ordinarily, however, a jury
before convicting a man of murder wants to be rea
sonably certain that somebody is dead.
De Lome has some good points. The celerity with
which he seyt in his resignation shows that when a
house falls on him he has a firm grasp of the fact that
something has happened.
There will be much regret over the fact that Roche
fort must go to jail. But the world is sometimes
generous to a man who is down. It will concede to
Rochefort a monopoly of this regret.
CORPORATION NERVE.
THINGS
In the
SUNDAY
CALL.
ONE of the most heart stirring scenes in the world Is the departure of troops
from home to the seat of war. A San Francisco girl has just returned from
Spain, where she went to be educated, and in graphic way, breathing the
enthusiasm of youth, she describes the exciting embarkation of 5000 Spanish
soldiers bound for Cuba. They passed before the little King and his mother, the
Queen, while the archbishop on a raised altar blessed them. It was a heart-moving
scene, and nearly every woman present was In' black and sobbed violently— and
you'll realize why if you read the story.
Every man doesn't tell his troubles to a policeman. If you don't believe it read
the lively heart pangs on disastrous occasions that befell Artists Keith, Strong,
Stanton, Joullin, Latimer, Ciawson, Jorgensen, Cadenasso, Dobbertin, Brewer and
Robinson. The tough trials of the argonauts struggling to reach California were as
nothing compared with what they experienced in scaling the Olympian heights of
art. How they suffered, why they suffered and what they suffered and what a piti
less brother artist thinks of their pathetic tales of "hard luck" is graphically set
forth with crayon and typewriter
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
One of the most remarkable finds of the century made by delving scholars among
ancient ruins has just been brought to light in Assyria. The records discovered
throw more light on the dawn of civilization than anything Homeric or Egyptian.
So important is the discovery deemed that specialists of two continents have united
to develop the work and hundreds of thousands of dollars are being expended to
push the investigation.
Read all about it in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Not many men having a choice would elect to self maroon themselves on a sand
covered coral reef almost in the mid-Pacific. Yet that is what a man has just done.
The captain of a war vessel tried to forcibly remove him from the island, but the
man jumped overboard and swam ashore. Why? Because he considered it his duty
to remain there. Incidentally, several nations are at present sparring in a diplo
matic way to get possession of that island and the man cuts quite a figure in the
matter, for he persists in flying the American flag there. The why and wherefore
or the whole situation is given in detail in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
These are only a few of the good things. There are capital stories, stories of
strange adventures, queer happenings, fashions, reviews and all the best and bright
est news of the day.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
DAN CUPID'S JUBILEE DAY,
COULD dear good Saint "Valentine
have peeped through the centuries
and in real eaint-like fashion have
been favored with the revelation
that in future ages his name was
to be linked with true lovers' knots,
courtship and marriage, he might possi
bly have entered a mild protest; for there
was nothing particularly romantic in his
own life and history. Saint Valentine
was simply a presbyter of the church,
and was noted for his love and charity.
He suffered martyrdom under the Em
peror Claudius about the year 270. Such
Is his brief history, and in searching the
legends associated with his name there is
no occurrence in his entire life that could
possibly have given rise to the practices
prevalent on Valentine's day. Butler,
however, in his "Lives of the Saints," re
marks that there was a superstitious cus
tom among the pagans for boys to draw
the names of girls in honor of the hea
then goddess Februata Juno on the
14th day of February, and that when
tho pagans became Christians the Ro
man clergy substituted in place of the
girls' names the names of saints for
the billets drawn on this day. Be this as
it may, the valentine has played a con
spicuous part in love and courtship, and
in the language of sweethearts the ex
prettlon, "Thou art my Valentine!" has
ever meant the world over "Thou art my
love!" Indeed, nature herself, seems tb
have sanction. -.1 this popular custom, for
In olden times there was cherished a ru
ral tradition that on this day every bird
cbooaefl its man-, to which belief Shake-
Bpeare in his "Midsummer Night's
Dream" happily alludes: "Saint Valen
tino is past; begin these woodbirds but to
couple now?"
The valentine has ever b«en a theme for
poet unil author, and Goldsmith in his
chiirming tale of "The Vicar of Wake
lit Id" describes how the rustic swains
sent true-love knots on Valentine morn
ing. Gay's poetic description of some ru
ral ceremonies observed on this day is
prettily given in the following verses:
"Last Valentine, the day when birds of
kind
Their paramours with mutual chirping
I early rose, just at the break of day,
Bi fore the sun had chased the stars
away;
Afield I went, amid the morning dew,
To milk my kine (for so should house
wives do).
Thee iirst I spied, and the first nwain we
see
In spite of Fortune shall our true love
be."
The art valentines this year are fanciful
and dainty. A charming one is in the
form of a fan, each stick bearing a stan
za of an old-fashioned love lyric. An
other is a kite, to the tail of which cling
several fat, pink cupids, a cloud of these
diminutive mischief-makers floating across
the white surface of the kite itself. . The
verse which accompanies this flight of
fancy— no pun intend«d— brief, but to
the point:
My love's a kite,
'Twill ne'er take wing,
Because, sweetheart.
You hold the string.
In the center of a wreath of rosebuds
one reads:
one touch from you
My heart will open wide,
And my sweetheart
You'll Bee insile.
On pulling a pink ribbon the poetry dis
appears, disclosing a mirror wreathed in
roses. Beautiful little water color draw
ings of dainty dames and courtly cava
liers in the picturesque costumes of long
ago adorn the covers, which inclose am
orous greetings written in golden letters
and punctuated with doves, rosebuds and
archery-loving gods of love.
EXCLUSIVE NEWS.
Sacramento Bes.
The San Francisco Call achieved a
distinct "scoop" in Its publication of
the arrest of Frank Belew upon the
strength of a confession he had pre
viously made to the officers. The other
San Francisco dailies should have had
the g:nod grace to admit the victory
of their neighbor, instead of trying- to
belittle it and endeavoring to secure
some part of an undeserved glory for
themselves. The Call's beat was a
neat one in every respect, and it han
dled the exclusive news in a thorough
ly creditable way.
A JOURNALISTIC TRIUMPH.
Santa Cruz Penny Press.
The Call Friday printed exclusively
the news of the arrest of Frank Bel
ew, near Klmira, at 10 o'clock Thurs
day nijfht. The Call has kept a re
porter in the neighborhood since the
time of the murder and thus rendered
assistance to Sheriff Rush of Solano
County. The exclusiveness of the pub
lication was a journalistic triumph,
and the capture of the murderer after
the case had been dropped as a mys
tery is a feat that demands recogni
tion of the persistence and faithful
ness on the part of the officer. It is a
sad admission that murder is so com
mon in California, but it is a satisfac
tion to law abiding people that mur
derers are caught through diligent ef
fort of the officers aided by the news
papers. ________^^_____
THE SCOOP WAS COMPLETE.
Stockton
The San Francisco Call of Friday
had a "scoop" In the Dlxon poisoning
case by getting the alleged confession
of Prank Belew that he poisoned his
sister Susie and his brother Lewis.
While The Call's scoop Is complete It
does not appear that the officers, with
whom It shares the credit of the rev
elation and arrest, are entitled to
much glory. To Bird's love of life
being stronger than his conscience or
family pride the outcome seems due,
but how The Call secured an exclusive
story does not appear, yet It got It and
is entitled to all the glory of the
achievement.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
E. C. Farnsworth of Visalia is at the
Lick.
I. Loomls of Santa Barbara Is at the
Baldwin.
Thomas Garrett of New York Is a guest
at the California.
F. C. Baker of Portland, Or., is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Charles Francee, a leading merchant of
Salinas, Is at the Grand.
George M. Mott, a banker of Sacramen
to, Is staying at the Lick.
J. W. Dinsmore, the San Jose capitalist,
is at the Occidental with his wife.
Hervey Lindley, a capitalist -and poli
tician of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
T. C. Snider, a well known horseman of
Sacramento, is registered at the Grand.
George D. Anderson, a large mine own
er of Rosalia. Wash., is at the Occidental.
Dr. Dyer of London, is at the Occidental
with his Wife, where he arrived yester
day.
Judge and Mrs. John F. Finn have re
turned to the city and are staying at the
Palace.
Harry Corson Clarke and his bride of
a day were registered at the Palace last
evening.
F. C. Lusk. a lawyer and banker of
Chico. will be at the Palace for the next
few days.
J. Miller, a mining man of Vancouver,
is at the Grand on a vacation he is spend
ing in the city.
Professor S. M. Young of Stanford is up
to the city on a short visit; he is staying
at the California.
Charles J. Schnabel, United States Dis
trict Attorney at Portland, Or., is a guest
at the Occidental.
L. C. Tuttle, one of the most prominent
and successful wool producers in North
ern California, is at the Russ.
J. Murray, T. M. Young and C. A.
Young, three travelers from Winnipeg,
aro registered at the California.
Captain George IT. Hinsdale, a well
known mariner of the city, has returned
I from a visit to Santa Barbara and is at
the Lick.
F. J. Me Wil
liams and E.
Kruze, two well
known California
street commission
merchants, enter
ed the Occident
al grill yesterday
CHARGED IT
TO THE
MAJOR.
for lunch and occupying a table In a snug
corner proceeded to do justice to the deli
cacies set before them while they dis
cussed the probable effect of the Klon
dike boom on local trade. Everything
went along pleasantly until the time
came to go, when McVVilliams upon
reaching for his hat, found only a hook
to remind him of the tile that had once
adorned his darkly curling locks. Though
he hunted the place high and low no
trace of the missing headgear could be
found and as nearly every one in the
room knew him, he was followed on his
quest by many a loud laugh and unfeel
ing jest, while advice of a satirical nature
was fairly showered on him. Turning at
the door he said: "I will show you fel
lows a trick that will put the laugh on j
some one else," and vanished, returning a
few minutes later with a new chapeau.
"Where did you get it ?" asked some one. I
"Across the street for $5," answered Mac. }
"Well, you are lucky that you are out no
more," said the first speaker. "Oh. I
don't know," replied he, "I simply went
out and got fitted with the style I like
and had the bill sent to Major Hooper,
who runs this place. If you want to josh
any one josh him."
Count S. Ledebuy and Count Collorede
are two young Austrian nobles who ar
rived at the Palace yesterday on a tour
of the United States.
Ward P. Winchell and wife, W. J. Bax
ter and wife, J. P. McGulnness and P.
McLean are a party of naval people who
returned home yesterday from Honolulu
and'are at the Occidental.
Major George, an officer in the em
bodied forces of New Zealand, is at the
Occidental, where he arrived yesterday
on the Mariposa on his way to Mexico
on a sightseeing trip. Mrs. George ac
companies her husband.
Mr. George Crocker and General Man
ager Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific will leave in a day or two on a tour
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking Pow=
der used by the U. S. Government
in the relief expeditions to the
Whalers in the Arctic. No other
powder will keep and work in
the severe Northern climate.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
of Inspection of all the roads belonging
to the company from here to Texas and
those that are in that State.
Peter Taylor Jr. of Washington, D. C,
Joseph Dimond Jr. of Philadelphia, Clar
ence Taylor of New York and R. C Lock
wood of Philadelphia are a party of
young Easterners who arrived at the Pal
ace last night bound for Copper River,
where they Intend to try their luck at
mining.
George A. Adams, a wealthy resident of
Sydney, N. S. W., arrived yesterday on
the Mariposa, en route to the Klondike,
where he goes looking for 'a chance to
Invest In mining properties. Mr. Adams,
who Is accompanied by his wife and son,
who will travel with him as far as Seat
tle, Is staying at the California.
A farewell dinner was given to F. W.
Dohrmann of Nathan Dohrmann <fe Co.
last evening in the Palace Hotel by the
directors of the Merchants' Association,
to bid him bon voyage on his trip to Eu
rope. A delicate menu was discussed,
and after farewell speeches had been
made and farewell toasts drunk the party
broke up with many a hearty God ppeeed
and warm hand shake of good fellow
ship.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FRACTIONAL CURRENCY— Subscribe
er. City. A piece of fractional currency
of the United States that is so much worn
that all the printing on it is not clearly
legible is not such a relic as dealers in
old coins and bills offer a premium for.
POSTAL CARDS— X. X., Auburn, Cal.
A postmaster is not authorized to charge
more than 1 cent apiece for postal cards
and $1 10 per hundred for stamped l-<> nC
newspaper wrappers. Postmasters wha
charge in excess of these rates are liahlq
to removal from office and to other pun-<
ishment.
A MATTER OP CONTRACT— H. L...
Oakland. CaL Whether a man has a
right to discharge an employe without no
tice and pay him only fur the time he has
worked, or whether he is bound to pay
him a full month's wages, whether earned
or not at the time of his discharge, is a
matter of contract, and would have to ba
decided by a court of competent jurisdic
tion on presentation of the facts.
CHINESE POPULATION— W. I. D.,
Mills College Postoffice, Cal. There are
no official figures as to Chinese in the
United States except those of the census
of IS9O. These show the Chinese popula
tion to have been in the United States in
that year 107,475, in California 72,472, in
San Francisco 25,830 and in the China
town of San Francisco 20,546. It is esti
mated that since then the Chinese popu
lation of the Unfted States has been re
duced by death and return to China by
25,000, and that in San Francisco it has
been reduced by about 5000. but these
estimates are not reliable. There are no
accurate records of the population of
China, but the estimates are from 383,
253,029 to 402.680,000.
A HOMESTEAD— J. Mcß., City. A
homestead is subject to execution and
forced sale in satisfaction of judgment
obtained "before the declaration is filed,
which act as liens on the premises; on
debts secured by mechanics, contractors,
sub - contractors, artisans, architects,
builders, laborers of every class, material
men or vendor's liens on the premises; oa
debts secured by mortgages on the prem
ises executed and acknowledged by hus
band and wife, or by an unmarried claim
ant; on debts secured by mortgage on the
premises executed and recorded before
the declaration of homestead was filed
for record. " The homestead is secure
from execution on debts contracted after
the declaration has been filed for record.
NOT A CLERGYMAN.
SANTA CLARA, Jan. 9. IS9B.
The Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: As a
priest of the Episcopal church I write to
correct what I believe to be a mistake
which appeared in the columns of your
paper January 9. 1898. A dispatch from
New York says the Rev. James H. W.
Harris, an ordained minister of the Epis
copal church, has left the church ami
gone on tho vaudeville stage. No such
name appears in the official clergy list of
the church, and I trust you will do the
church justice by correcting the abova
error. Yours sincerely,
J. ALEXANDER O'MEARA.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c up.33 4th."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 810 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four
first premium medals awarded; more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trademark label.*
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Furniture moved. San Francisco Trans
fer Co. Office. 12 Grant aye. Tel. M. 505.*
THIS IS POSITIVE.
Vegetables raised by electricity have a
shocking appearance. — St. Paul Globe.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western. Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington railways. Passenger*
leaving Ban Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar care of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full Information given
at 14 Montgomery Bt. W. H. Snedaker. General
Agent.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soAthes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO. — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
Get a home: $1000 cash and |40 per month for
a few years will buy the prettiest house in
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
R. E. McGill, 18 Post St.
Don"t forj?et Waller Bros. Gift Pay, Feb. 26,
189S, 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
WHERE THEY SHOW HORSE SENSE.
It is said that Indians never kiss each
other. Judging from those we have seen,
we don't blame them.— Philadelphia En
quirer.ENGINEER
HOLMES ON
THE STAND
Prolonged Examina
tion of the Water-
Front Expert.
His Experiences With
Colnon on the Creo-
sote Subject.
Review of the Two Obnoxious
Clauses in the Speci
fications.
NO PATENT NEED APPLY.
Confirmed Hearing in tho Paraffine
Company Case Against the
Harbor Board.
Chief Engineer Holmes was kept on
the witness stand nearly four hours
yesterday in Judge Belcher's court, j
under a fire of questions from both >
Bides, in the case of the Paraffine Paint |
Company against the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners. During the
forenoon session his testimony was !
mainly responsive to questions put by
Attorney Stratton in the "Did you say" '
and "Did I say" affirmative form.
From the line of inquiry pursued the
policy of the defense in the pending
action was fairly well indicated. The
more plainly does this seem to be* the
fact, when taken into consideration
with an expression previously made by
Mr. Stratton to a Call representative,
that whatever intention the board
might have had to favor the San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company,
they abandoned it when what is known
as the third set of specifications were
framed.
It is this third set of specifications
upon which the case of the Paraffine
Company is claimed by the defense to
be largely predicated. Two obnoxious
propositions were injected after the re
jection of the bids under the second
set of specifications, in which contest
the Paraffine Company was the lowest
bidder on each of the proposed pro
cesses. These bids were all rejected,
on the pretext that a protest fruitful
of litigation might result from award
ing the contract on a day not specified
in the advertisement, consideration of
them after they were opened having
been deferrM.
One change, or insertion, made in the
third set, when it was decided to ad- ■
vertise for new bids, was the addition j
to each one of three of the described (
processes for treatment of piles, of the j
number of the patent for material to
be used. In the case of the fourth, or
creosoting\ trea.tir.ent, no patent num- '
ber was given.
Respecting the creosoting treatment,
0 -vhich is the one used by the Dundon-
Slade Company, it is not the material
but the process that is patented.
Mr. Stratton set up in his examina
tion of Engineer Holmes that because
of this fact, and the additional doubt
as to whether the Curtis & Isaacs
patent would "hold water" — as Mr.
Holmes expressed it — the patent num
ber was i from that clause of
the specifications which described the
creosoting treatment; and that further
the words "atmospheric pressure,"
which called for tfie Ctirtis & Isaacs
patent, wi The reason as
d for thi Unary precau
ti >n — extraordinary in view of the fact
that Dundon had been treating piles
by this process on informal bids, was
to admit of competitive bidding for the
creosoting treatment.
At this point of review it may be
we!! ■ • a few facts not in evi
dence, but of themselves suggestive.
Mr. Stratton was a member of the last
was at that time
servinj ■ ial counsel for the Har
bor Comi - Governor Budd had
proposed in Ins message a complete re
constitution of the board and the en
actment of statutory restrictions as to
its manacpment, particularly in the
matter of contracts and expenditures.
He was resisted successfully, as he
avows, by a Harbor Commission lobby.
Th" Governor was also interested in
an amendment to the penal codeiwhich
concealed in its verbiage a provision of
law worth recalling. The bill went
through the ordinary course of legisla
tion, passing in a regular manner both
the House and Senate. It is not to be
assumed that the measure escaped the
vigilance of a lobby potentially inter
ested in perpetuating the existing
methods and liberties of the Harbor
Commission. The law is as follows:
[Approved March 27, 1897.]
The people of the State of California,
rt presented in Senate and Assembly, do
enact as follows:
Section 3247. A new section to be added
to the Political <""de to read as follows:
3247. Any person, committee, board, of
ficer, or any other pf-rson charged with
;■ permitted or authorised
[■chase supplies, goods, wares, mer
lae, manufactures or produce, for
the use of th<- State, or of any institu
tions or offices, or for the use of any
county or consolidated city and county,
or city or town, shall always, price, lit
and quality equal, prefer such sup
goods, wares, merchandise, manu
res fr produce as has been grown,
manufactured or produced in this State,
and shall next prefer such as has been
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
REO
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful ringer ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy ekin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
Ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Coticura < Soap, and gentle anointing*
with Ccticuka (ointment;, the great skin cure.
(yticura
If «old throughout the world. Pott«» Dri;« ah© Cunt
Co<u-., Role Propa., Boston.
(£7* "flow to Produce Soft, White Hands," free.
ITCHING HUMORS *T£&J££Z
j partially so manufactured, grown or pro
! duced in this State. All State, county,
I city and county, city or town officers, all
1 boards, commissions or other persons
j charged with advertising for any such
supplies, shall state in their advertise
ment that such preference will be made.
In any such advertisement no
bid shall be asked for any article
of a specific brand or mark nor
any patent apparatus or appli
; ances when such requirement
would prevent proper competition
on the part of dealers in other
articles of equal value, utility or
merit.
In view of the developments In the
Harbor Commission case and the fact
that the board, as well as their spe
cial counsel, are charged especially
with knowledge of the laws relating to
contracts, it becomes interesting at this
' stage of the proceedings to ask whether
! they could have let a contract to either
! of the bidders under the treatments de
! scribed as patented in the clauses B, C
i and D of the third set of specifications.
Must they not have discovered, had the
Paraffine Company not enjoined them,
and had bids been presented in accord
ance with the last specifications, that
i a forgotten or hitherto unknown law
: prohibited them from entering into a
contract with any bidder save one of
those coming under th« creosoting
clause, or "A," as it is known.
Here the second obnoxious or penal
ty clause, previously not inserted in
specifications of that particular nature,
has a bearing. The limit for the deliv
ery of piles to the Green-street wharf
was fixed at forty days. Failure to
comply by so much as a day would
I have left it in the power of the board
to cancel the contract. Ten days was
named as the time when the delivery of
i piles must begin, and for every subse
quent day thereafter on which at least
twenty piles were not delivered a pen
alty of $.">0 was provided.
With only one of two plants could
the work be performed. The Dundon
combine owns one; the Parafflne Com
j pany had arranged for the purchase of |
■ the other, conditional on securing the j
j contract. To remove the Bolton plant .
I and get it under way in this city would
take the Parafflne Company not less
than fourteen days, a fact of which the j
board was advised. The threat wte
' made that if the Parafflne Company got
'■ the contract the Dundon crowd would
' tie them up in litigation on the pretense
i that the Curtis & Isaacs patent was in
; fringed. That, whatever the merits of
! the question raifed at law, would have
I enforced further delay, and prevented
' the completion of the contract^within
: the specified forty days. Then, with a
j $25,000 plar* idle on their hands, the
! Paraffine Company might have thecon
j tract taken away from them and turned
over to the Dundon Company.
Mr. Holmes testified that when the
I bids were opened under the second set
I of specifications, which covered the pro
! posed delivery of treated piles for a
year, G. S. Irving, representing the
Paraffine Company, the lowest bidder,
offered to give an indemnity bond to
i the board to secure them from any pos
! sible loss from failure of contract.
The -witness stated that prior to Mr.
Colnon'a appointment on the board it
had been customary for the contractors
on the water front to furnish their own
piles. Latterly the piles have been fur
nished the contractors by the board.
Mr. Holmes had a check on the piles
ordered for contractors, but of the
manner of oherking the majority of the
! piles purchased by the board for use |
in repairs under the direction of the i
I superintendent, who is under the or-
I ders of the board, he knew nothing,
i Witness had suggested thut the board
! establish a laboratory for testing the
i creosote used, but Mr. Colnon said he
' was satisfied with the tests made by j
i the Southern Pacific for him.
Mr. Holmes believed that the creo- |
soting 1 treatment increased the inflam- I
inability of piles and the wltarf super
structure. Mr. Colnon disagreed with
him. It was the opinion of witness
that the least amount of creosote to be
uesd in the tratment of piles was four
teen pounds to the cubic foot. The
| Dudon Company has been supplying
i 10-pound treatment, and this he did not .
; deem adequate. The thousands of dol- '.
■ lars' worth of piles of this kind thus
i far placed are an experiment. The ■
| paraffined pile, so far as It has been j
I tested in San Francisco Bay, he re- j
! garded as being equally serviceable i
! with the creosoted pile. For his own j
i part he preferred the cylinder pile. I
! Even Curtis and Isaacs had agreed ■
: with him as to the superiority of the
! 14-pound creosote pile. He admitted
that the expense of treating was in
creased by the Injection of each addi
! tional pound of creosote, but he insist
ed that ten pounds was inadequate. He
! had heard William Healy of Healy,
Tibbeta & Co. charge in an open board i
i meeting that some of the piles dcliv- ,
I ered by Darby Laydnn & Co. for sec- !
tion 1 or 2 of the seawall were rotten. j
Nothing was done about the matter.
It was developed by Mr. Holmes' tes- j
I timony that 187 piles had been ordered j
I treated by the Dundon Company since
the issuance of the temporary injune-
I tion. The whole order was for 287
1 piles. 100 having been ordered before '
! the date of the injunction. He had been j
j instructed by the board to divide the |
j order in this manner. Counsel for the i
! Paraffine Company sought to show that
j the plan was invented to evade the law
i restricting purchases of materials j
! without contract to the value of less |
I than $3000, the total value of this spe
cial order for a given purpose exceed
ing $4000; but witness had no knowl- i
edge as to the purpose of the board and j
merely obeyed orders.
Judge Cope started oft* the morning
session by introducing Harbor Commis- i
sion vouchers, showing that Attorney!
Stratton had received $800 fees from
the board in the Pacific Pine lumber j
I cases, in which he likewise had served
I Slade, and $300 in the Healy, Tibbits &
Co. suits against Colnon, which was j
; compromised. It had been shown al- j
I ready, from Slade's double-action
books, that $350 was paid by the Slade- j
Dundon combine to Stratton for his'
, services in the compromised Pacific <
| Pine lumber cases.
The next morsel of evidence was an- !
, other of the hundred and one links of
; circumstantial proof of collusion be- j
j tween the board and the Dundon-Slade
combine. It was an opinion submitted i
to the board by its regularly employed :
i counsel, Tirey L. Ford, on October 4, j
i 1897, shortly after the inception of the ;
i Pacific Pine Lumber Company suits, in ;
' which Mr. Ford plainly pointed out that i
i the alleged lumber contract with the j
S. E. Slade Company could be with
drawn at the will of either party. He j
I advised its immediate termination by |
the board, and incorporated in his rec- j
ommendation a resolution, the adoption i
of which would have stopped the Slade
Jobbery in the prices of lumber deliv
ered to the commission. No attention j
was paid either to Mr. Ford's money- !
saving advice or his resolution, and the |
legal complications following were spe
cially taken care of by Mr. Stratton, |
with the result of the compromise so i
well known, which eventuated in hand- I
some fees for the special counselor, and !
much cash by fraud for the Dundon-
Slade combine.
Stratton recalled D. H. Bibb to the
stand to ask him whether he had not
stated to Governor Budd, when he met
him at the Palace Hotel, two or three
weeks after his experience with Inglis
and Chairman Colnon. that he wanted
to get a contract for the sale of lumber
to the Harbor Commission, but could
not without taking Inglis into partner
ship.
Mr. Bibb Bald he could not answer the
question without telling what he really
did say. Witness then reiterated that
what he had testified on direct examin
ation as to his interviews with Inglis
and Colnon, he had related in detail to
the Governor.
The case will not be resumed until
next morning.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
HALL BROS.' NEW SCHOONER NOMAD.
She is now sixty-eight days out from Shanghai and a^ little anxiety is felt over the long passage she Is making. Sea
faring men think there is a good chance for her yet and say she may have been blown out of her course or may have been
disabled in a hurricane and is now coming along under a jury rig.
OVERDUE FROM
SHANGHAI
Schooner Nomad Left
There Sixty-Eight
Days Ago.
Another Large and Fast Col
lier Purchased by Rosen
feld's Sons.
Entire New Crew Shipped on fhe
Oceanic Company's Steamer
Zeaiandia. ■
Considerable anxiety is felt over the
non-arrival of the new schooner No
mad from Shanghai. She is one of the
last vessels turned out from Hall's ship
yard at Fort Blakeley and left on her
maiden voyage on September IS. She
was in command of Captain West Mc-
Allep, who was accompanied by his son
and daughter. Miss McAllep had been
very sick, and her father took her with j
him in the hope that the sea voyage |
would do her good. The Nomad reached
Shanghai after a fast run, and started
egain in ballast for Puget Sound sixty
eight days ago. Since then she has not
been heard from.
Among shipping men the impression
seems to be that there is a good fight
ing chance that the Nomad will turn
! up. George E. Billings of the firm of
Hall Bros, says that a number of cir-
S cumstances may have arisen which
i might have detained the vessel. She
may have been driven way out of her
course by a storm; again some of her
sails may have been blown out of the
bolt ropes and she may have even lost
some of her spars. Any of these acci
dents would result in a long voyage,
, and he is still confident that the ves
i sel will turn up all right. The Nomad
| was one of the best four-masted
i schooners and one of the best carriers
' that have been turned out by the Halls
I in some time, so her safe arrival at
Puget Sound will be hailed with de
t light.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
I steamer Mariposa arrived from Sydney
! and way ports yesterday with a very
; large passenger lifct, many of whom are
! bound for the Klondike. H. Maddean,
a detective from Auckland, N. Z., was a
. cabin passenger. He has come to this
! country to take back Dr. Arthur -Her
i bert Orpen, who is wanted in Auckland
|on a charge of murder. Orpen is now
: in the custody of United States Marshal
! Baldwin.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
j Zealandia is shipping a new crew, and
j the Australia's men will not be trans
| ferred to her next Saturday, when that
l vessel arrives here.
John Rosenfeld's Sons have purrhas-
I ed another large collier for the Nanai
| mo trade. She is the Norwegian steam
er Titania, and is now discharging a
| general cargo from Antwerp at Kobe,
j Japan.
The ferry steamer Piedmont got lost
| in the fog again yesterday morning.
j She was thirty minutes late crossing
the bay, and when she arrived at the
! Oakland mole the passengers by the
i 7:30, 8 and 8:30 trains were waiting for
! her. A quick run was made back to
San Francisco, but when headed into
i the slip the captain backed out again,
s.lthough the mate from the deck called
; out to him that it was all right and to
go ahead. The steamer, however, was
| backed right out and turned around,
i going into the slip stern first. This
; maneuver occupied fifteen minutes, and
! the atmosphere was blue from the lan
j guage of the belated passengers as
i they scrambled over the baggage and
dodged horses and teams in their en
deavor to get ashore. All the horses had
to be taken out of the wagons and the
! latter had to be run ashore by hand
i power. To add to the discomfort the
i narrow gauge steamer had to follow
t the rule laid down by the Southern Pa
cific, which says that no steamer shall
leave her slip while another is trying
to make a landing. Luckily there were
not many passengers on the narrow
gauge boat, so the delay did not work
so great a hardship as it did
on the people on the Piedmont, who
were anxious to get to their work on
this side of the bay.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany's steamer Alliance sailed for Cop
per River via Seattle yesterday. She
j took away eighty passengers from here
! and HO more are waiting for her at
I Seattle.
The City of Puebla sailed from
Broadway wharf yesterday with 300
passengers, nearly all of whom are
bound for Dyea and Skaguay. The de
! mand for tickets was so great that the
company could easily have sold 200
more had there been room in the boat
for them. Large quantities of canned
goods and other portable stuff was
taken along by the prospectors, but it
is doubtful if one-half of the stuff that
has left this city and Seattle will get
over the trail into Dawson this year.
SEARCHING FOR
THE FIREBUG
Fire in Apostolo's Barber-
Shop Believed to Be
Incendiary.
Certain Suspicious Circum
stances Found by the Fire
Marshall.
He Is Determined to Make a Thorough
Investigation Into the
Matter.
Fire Marshal Towe is making a
searching investigation into the cause
of the fire at the barber shop of Ata
nasio Apostolo, 11 Grant avenue, un
der the Hammam baths at an early
hour yesterday morning.
He visited the store yesterday, and
found certain thines that appear to
him suspicious, and lead him to the be
lief that the fire was of Incendiary ori
gin. The fire started in a storeroom
adjoining the bathrooms, and was for
tunately extinguished before it had got
much headway.
"There are seven or fight chairs in
the shop," said the Fire Marshal yes
terday, "and each of the barbers has a
locker. At the bottom of each locker
is a folding drawer for the men to
throw the towels into that have been
used. I found all these folding draw
ers open, and from the storeroom
where the fire broke out to the near
est four lockers there is a distinct trail
of bay rum which had been set on fire.
I found towelß in each of the folding
drawers saturated with coal oil, the
idea being that the flame from the bay
rum would communicate with the tow
els saturated with coal oil, but it failed
from the fact that when the bay rum
was ignited there would follrcw a quick
flash not of sufficient duration to ig
nite the towels.
"As soon as I saw this I asked Apos
tolo for an explanation, but he replied
that he did not know anything about
it. He said he left the shop shortly
after 9 o-'elock Wednesday night and
went to his home, at 2112 Geary street.
He had no idea whatever as to the ori
gin of the fire, and said the shop was
all right when he shut up for »the
night.
"Apostolo told me that the place had
been entered by burglars Tuesday
night and $8 stolen from the till. He
had reported the burglary to the po
lice. I asked Captain Bohen and other
officers at police headquarters if the
burglary had been reported, but they
knew nothing about it. I went back
to Apostolo. and told him that no one
knew about the burglary, and he then
said he had reported it to a reporter.
"There is $3750 insurance on the stock
and fixtures, which I consider exces
sive. Some of the fixtures I under
stand belong to the proprietors of the
Hammam baths. I have no idea as to
who act fire to the place, but I am de
termined to make a most searching in
vestigation. It may have been some
enemy of Apostolo, but I will do my
best to find out the facts, as if the fire
had got good headway some lives
might have been sacrificed."
The Famous Boot Jack Tobacco.
If you use tobacco you surely want the
best. Boot Jack plug is made from choice
selections of leaf— the cream of the crop.
It is pure, clean and lasting.
The unanimous verdict is there is no
chew like Boot Jack. Of course it costs
a little more than the common brands,
but it lasts longer and gives much better
satisfaction. It is always best to pay a
trifle more and get Boot Jack plug than
to waste money on inferior brands. •
Divorce Suits Piled.
Mrs. Nellie Rollet has filed suit against
Thomas W. Rollet for a divorce on the
ground of cruelty. Tiena. Schatz has sued
Joseph Schatz for a divorce, alleging; as
a cause of action that the defendant has
deserted her. Solome Wagner has com
menced an action against her husband,
David Wagner, for a divorce on the
ground of desertion. Pernelia r. Saville
alleges that' her husband, John H. Sa
ville, refuses to provide for her, and she
has commenced a suit for divorce against
him, alleging that ground as a cause of
action.
Complimentary Testimonial.
Tom Power, one of the best known and
most popular men who ever played a
game of bßßeball on a local or foreign
field, will be tendered a complimentary
testimonial at Central Park on Sunday.
February 13. by his friends and those
who have known him on the diamond. He
it at present Buffering from a severe ill
ness, and it is thought a large crowd will
turn out to do honors to "California's
favorite ball player."
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
NOW SEEKING
FOR A MOTIVE
An Interesting Argument
in the Figel Case
Yesterday.
Prosecution Asked for Admis
sion of Evidence in Em
bezzlement Cases.
Was Done for the Purpose of Show
ing Cause for the Alleged.
Murder.
The Figel case proceeded aa usual
yesterday in Judge Cook's court be
fore a large crowd. The witnesses
called for the prosecution were briefly
questioned, and were soon disposed, of,
as the Police Court testimopy was but
gone aver again in a hurried manner.
The most important issue of the day
was an argument in the absence of the
jury concerning the admissibility of
evidence in the embezzlement and for
gery cases for the purpose of fixing a
motive for the alleged murder of Isaac
Hoffman. The argument consumed
nearly the entire afternoon.
Louis Friedman, a boot and shoe
dealer, at 320 Market street, also testi
fied to having seen Hoffman in front
of the store about 6:15 on the night of
June 1. He stated that Hoffman ap
peared to be in good spirits, as he had
spoken to him, and that if he had con
templated suicide his conduct did not
show it.
Harry H. Hoffman, a distant relative
of the deceased, testified that a letter
mailed at 6:12 on the night of June 1
was written by Isaac Hoffman, and
was addressed to Edward S. Rothohild,
then in New York. The letter, which
was obtained from the postal authori
ties by Chief of Police Lees, contained
suggestions for the carrying on erf the
business for the coming month.
H. Justins, a clerk in E. T. Allen's
gun store, testified' during the after
noon's session. He was called for the
purpose of testifying to whether or not
Theodore Figel had purchased a re
volver in the store on the evening of
June 1. The defense acknowledged the
fact that the defendant had made the
purchase on the evening in question.
It was brought out that the witness
had sold the revolver and a box of
cartridges to the defendant, and that
he again met him on the Tiburon boat
at about 6:30 o!clock on the same even
ing. In cross-examination he stated
that he had seen Figel at 6:05 o'clock
in the store, and was positive of the
time, as he looked at the clock at the
time Figel came into the store and as
Mr. Allen went out on his way home.
He also stated that he had seen a va
lise carried by Figel.
James Doyle, a special officer at the
First National Bank deposit vault, said
that he had seen Figel at 5:46 o'clock
on the evening of June 1, when he had
opened his box in the vault at the time
mentioned, and that he remained in the
building but half a minute. The cross
examinatton brought out no new points.
The testimony given by James O. Ma
loney, a drayman, who cannot be
found, at the preliminary examination,
was read to the jury. The reading was
interrupted by a transfer of the visit
ing crowd that was standing on the
main floor to the gallery. Judge Mur
phy said he thought it was an earth
quake. Order was soon restored and
the trial proceeded. The cross-examin
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How a person can gain a
pound a 'day by taking an
ounce of Scott's Emulsiom
is hard to explain, but it
certainly happens.
It seems to start the diges-
tive machinery working
properly. You obtain a
greater benefit from youi
food.
The oil being predigested,
and combined with the hy-
pophosphites, makes a food
tonic of wonderful flesh-
forming power.
All physicians know this
to to be a fact.
All druggists; 50c. and $1.00.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New Yorfc
ation was read by General Barnes. The
testimony was principally concerning
the time the witness had seen Theo
dore Figel on the evening of June 1,
and the fact that he had seen Hoffman
standing in the doorway of the store
on that evening, and stated that he
had heard loud, angry words and a
statement from one of them saying,
"Come in and I will settle with you,"
and the reply, "You have, nothing to
settle." According to testimony the
men entered the store and closed the
iron doors behind them. After the
reading of the testimony the jury was
excused at the request of counsel for
both prosecution and defense with the
object in view of arguing the matter
regarding the admissibility of certain
evidence concerning the embezzlement
and forgery charges. Judge Murphy
in opening the argument stated that
he proposed to show that money had
been appropriated by the defendant
and that the receipt for $9500 was forg
ery. The evidence was asked to be ad
mitted by the prosecution for the pur
pose of showing a motive for the_ al
leged crime, and that evidence tending
to show a motive for a crime should
be admitted in a homicidal case.
In reply General Barnes stated the
defendant had been informed against
by the District Attorney on serious
charges of embezzlement on many
business firms, in all seven infor
mations, amounting to about $POOO. It
was denied as competent evidence, as
a motive is immaterial in crime except
a.s an aid to that crime. It was stated
by the defense that there has been no
proof of the crime further than that
the body had been found, and in itself
was not proof of a homicide. The case
was gone over in detail by the defense
and cases quoted to the Judge bearing
out the claims of the defense. General
Barnes said that as the corpus delicti
had not been shown he would pray the
court not to admit the evidence. "Mo
tive can be inferred from a crime," he
said, "but a crime cannot be inferred
from a motive." In reply Judge Mur
phy stated that he would ask that the
evidence be admitted, when he should
show to the satisfaction of the court
that it was good evidence and vital to
the case, showing ■ a motive for the
murder of Isaac Hoffman by the de
fendant, Theodore Figel. "A motive,"
he said, "was what is being sought for
and can only be determined by admis
sion of evidence tending to sh"bw that
motive, which we allege was to save
himself from many years' imprison
ment for commission of felonious acts
against his employer." Numerous
casea were cited by Judge Murphy
bearing on the case. The argument
will be continued this afternoon.
This morning the court and jury will
visit the scene of the shooting and will
afterward return to the courtroom,
where more evidence will be heard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nmilT Let WHISKY get the BEST
1 11 ml lof you. GETthe BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the
s - r . GENUINE
£fxi | . DISTILLERY
>h JUta \ BOTTLING OF
tMSf OLD
PM PEPPER
mk whisky.
Klß^^Kii' Bt Bottled and Distilled
y 'Ji&u^J&stsEs^' ' \ Jh*i V PPPPT?T3
i ' JxlOi Li ILII LIl
' 't^.-JgSs!^ | Lexington, Ky,
{ '*3r^Ss™ V ' : j ABSOLUTELY tna
f ' *HjimUJl> ' PUREST and BEST in
i|||||^ SAMPLE CASE $15
H[/lr' uxiNGTONKrI OftmrLL uAOL >plo
2~*^^&QE^2^^B«*^ Sent on trial, which, if
__|^^^ not satisfactory, can be
Ba Ww^^^^ returned and money will
. be refunded.
CARROLL CARROLL,
<3OG Market Street, -
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
j Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St.
I STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF M6BT
*_ - - J3
» THE COMPOSITE SHOE. J
« Is the best ever made for a woman at "
• $3. We want you to . see ' it, for we £
& guarantee it' and the money will be '
w returned if the - shoes • are not right/ Q
. ** The Composite Shoe combines style, «
)*( durability, . comfort, J neatness • and ele-» '^
v^ gance. They are made in laced only, Q
W of a fine vicl kid, with new coin toes w
£t and kid tips. The soles are hand ' M
welted, are cork filled, making them i*<
0 damp-proof, and are free from tacks or .^
w threads. They are made by Pingree & Cf
w Smith. The price, $3, all widths and >%
» sizes.' , '. .. g
2 KLONDIKE FOOTWEAR »
" a specialty. »
W ... ... . . ■■-■-. ' »
".-, Country , orders solicited. ■ - .;j**
C Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.. #
j^ Address ; • ' *?'Yi
« B. KATCHINSKI, g
» PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., $
# " 10 Third St., San Francisco/ ;•/%
BB««»O««O« » J2 » » » » _» «
: ■ AMUSEMENTS. .: 'T
DlfNof DELAY, BUT GO AND SEE
' THE MICROSCOPIC ■. MARVEL,
CHIQUITA
She Is but '■ One-third the Size of : Mr. or Mrs. .
:■ General . Tom ' Thumb. -■■.
~- •tTIIE CHUTES — -
Every : Afternoon and : Evening, v ..
,','■ : .' j. . Rain or Shine. .; ~ '..:
10c to all. . Including Vaudeville; Children. sc.
BUSH-ST. THEATER. &C
The Thalia . German , Hebrew ; Opera Company.
Wednesday and Sunday nights, February 9 and
13, the greatest ■ dramatic < opera, THE PRIN-
CESS OF JEHVDA. Box office -open daily
from 10 a. in. to 0:30 p. m. ' -'•-■■• - ■ *.
DUFFY'S PURE
F^IJIiEPICISSgSE".
I NO FUSEL OIL
For Indigestion and Dys*
pepsia nothing gives such
certain relief as this great
whiskey. Insist upon hav-
ing your druggist or grocer
give \ou the genuine.
Send for pamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y.-
AMUSEMENTS.
RIEDIANDER GOTTlOßaCiissfiSftnAM^uK
REOPENING TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY).
FIRST MATIN SATURDAY.
The Popular Comedian, ' .
Harry Corson Clarke,
And his own comedy company in George H.
Broadhurst's immense farcical success '.-■:-■
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
' Come and be told. It's the tail of a coat.
_Feb. 21—' 'SHALL WE FORGIVE HER ?"
IRIEOLANOEB GOTTLOB SC 0 ui»iit anjuutut ,
EVERY EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
COON COMEDY | COON SONGS
JUBILEE SHOUTS BUCK DANCES
VAUDEVILLES : OPERATIC REVIEWS
Seats now selling for all this and next week.
fEI£BIANDE_fi GOIHOB & 0° tißStts *><««■»«<•
—Third and Last Week! Matinee Saturday.—
Edw. E. Rice's superb production ■ :
THE GIRL FROM PARIS.
Last performance next Sunday night.
Next Monday— THE BOSTONIANS in -
"THE SERENADE!"
SEATS NOW SELLING.
<§#«&»
THE GREAT CLIVETTE,
Assisted by MLLE. CLIVETTE, Ltnghable Silhouettes.
' FILLIS' DOGS, canine marvels: FRANCIS-
CO COLLENZ, Italian tenor; BROS.. GLOS.
gladiatorial acrobats; ADELMAN & LOWE,
xylophone artists; the Great GAUTIER, eques-
trian wonder; the N AWNS, Irish comedians;
BROS. DAMM, eccentric acrobats.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. ERXKBXtN'K Kkemso. Proprietor^ Manager
LAST NIGHTS!
The Merry Operatic Fantasia,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN !"
SUPERB CAST!
Gorgeous Costumes'. Beautiful Scenery I
NEXT WEEK,
Etahl's Oriental Opera,
"SAID PASHA!"
Popular prices ........25c and 60a
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR IiHH
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Every Night. Sunday Included, at 8 Sharp.
CROWDED TO THE DOORS.
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
Three Acts of Fun. -i'vV
Production and Cast the Best Ever Seen.
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter M0r05c0........501e Lessee and Manager
First Appearance- of the Well-known Roman-
tic Actor . » .;.'
HARRY mAINHALL,
In the Title Role of John A. Stevens' . Great ■
Melodrama,
"THE UNKNOU/Nl"—
A Thrilling Play With a Strong Cast. Great
East River Scene * *fr%« ■.n ■„ ,
Beautiful Seacoast Scene.
Evening Prices, 10, 25 and 50c. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday.
THE
TALK OF THE COAST
THE
Mining Fair
AND
KLONDIKE .:. EXPOSITION
— AT—
MECHANICS 1 PAVILION.
BENNETT'S EXPOSITION BAND.
W. B. ROGERS.
Director and Cornet Soloist.
TODAY— FEATURES.
Every lady burin* admission ticket 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. at box office receives beautiful after
dinner Japanese china cup and saucer as a
souvenir. Ladies' cooking lecture— Subject.
"Chicken Cookery," by Miss Edna Davis, at
3 p. m. £<?. '■■-' ____■
RE-ENGAGEMENT _0F THE MARTELS.
TO-NIGHT— Stirring ' War Piece— "Battle of •
Gettysburg," by. Rogers and band.
TO-MORROW— (Saturday)— School 1 children,
10 cents and bag of candy;' Captain Holtum:
the Horace Mann School Drill ; Lincoln Day
G. A. R. Day; 500 School Children ,in Chorus:
Children's Dances; the Performing Bears and
Fire Eater: a Big Gold Day for Little Ones. ;
Open Sunday from 1:30 to 5 p. m., and 7:30
to 10 p. m. •
Admission, 25 cents; Children, 15 cents.
ANTON SCHOTT,
The great tenor and court singer of the late
Emperor William I of i Germany, assisted by
Mrs. Hlllman-Smith, Mrs. Porterfleld and
others. .' • .• •"■ \
To-Nifeht-S ACRED SONGS-To-Night
V' Beethoven, Haydn, Mendelssohn, etc. ■
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM. Mason and
Ellis streets." Prices, Including, reserved seats,
$1 and .')oc. General admission. Reserved-
seats on sale at Sherman-Clay Music Store,
from 9 a. ■m. :to 5 p. m. ; ,
;N.,B.— Next Friday— Wagner Recital. •
' RACING! RACING! RACING!
-—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY. CLUB- —
Winter meeting, 1597-9S, Beginning -MONDAY,
February 7. : to February 19, Inclusive. .
■ OAKLAND RACETRACK. • ,
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY,' FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR • MORE RACES EACH ! DAY.
-:— — EACEB STABTAT 2:15 P. K. SHABP. 
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco » at 12 J m. ■
and S 12:30. ; l:C0, 1:30, . ' 2:CO, 2:30 and 3,Lp. ' m.. .
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to ■ track. Buy your : ferry <■ tickets .to Shell
Mound. » Returning— Trains leave the Track at
4-15 and 4:45 p. m.. and immediately after the
last race. .THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Prcs.
,R.} B. MILROY. Secretary. '..•' ;,
• rvi VMPIA Corner of Meson and •
t ULYIYIPIA ■-■-'■:• Eddy Slree . 3 \ ;,
Th« Most Beautiful Music j Hall ;in America. ;
■ The JACKSON'S, MABEL : BOWMAN. PUR- V
IT A; HOWARD, HEALY & , STEVENS and a
great olio ■by artists. Last ? week >of ' JESSIU "
MILLAR. Admission free.
78
CO M M E RCIAL WORLD
SUMMAKT.
Silver a' fraction firmer. -
Wheat futures higher. .
Barley steady.
Oats and Corn dull. Ry« unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuffs steady.
Beans firm. Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Mexican Tomatoes on the market a«aln.
Butter and Eggs lower again.
Poultry about the same. Game still firm.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about the same.
Provisions as active as ever.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Dressed Hogs advanced. Live Hogs firm.
Coal as before. , ,
Financial quotations unaltered.
Increased Pacific exports.
Larger movement In Quicksilver.
PACIFIC COAST EXPORTS.
The exports from Pacific ports were $59,140,
838 In 1896 and $64,707,374 in 1897, and the Im
ports were $43,104,332 in 1896 and $51,804,989 In
1897 The exports from Pacific ports last year
were divided as follows:
San Francisco ii'?« 7«
Puget Sound "'3?' ■''
Oregon ium
San Diego'".'. m\'«li
Arizona 949 ' o9a
SOUTHERN IRON PRODUCTION.
Official figures giving the production of Iron
In Alabama and Tennessee in 1897 show sur
prising gains in the industry In the South.
Shipments If piglron for the year amounted to
1,119.892 tons, of which 749,065 tons were for
warded from the Birmingham district. Ship
ments of cast Iron ri^e were 90 846 tons. Ship
ments of iron to Europe and other foreign
markets reached 215.633 tons, as compared with
65.000 tons for the year previous. Alabama s
total production of piglron was the largest in
its history, being 947,831 tons, wh Ie Tennes
see was 272,730 tons, a combined gain of about
60.000 tons for the two States.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The stock of money in the United States on
the Ist of February. 1838, is reported by treas
ury officials at $2,391,006,802, of which $661,015.
574 was in Government vaults and the balance
In circulation in the following forms:
Gold coin * "IH&SS
Silver dollars 59,4.5.293
Small silver SS'flf'SS
Gold certificates 36.494,i09
Silver certificates 3<3.n1.->,94U
Treasury notes of IS9O 100.797.h66
United States notes 2. 3., 22.410
Currency certificates 49.075,000
National bank notes 220.366,293
Total $1.729.991. 22S
February 1. 1597 1.665.977.688
Increase $ 64.013.540
The net increase of $i>4,<v>n,o<v> for the twelve
mnnths is variously distributed. There was an
in-rease of $3*.'XKI.OOO in g.Md coin. $3,000,000 in
Silver dollars. $4,000,000 in fractional silver coin,
J^.'V'O.'VK) In silver certificates, $15,000,000 in
treasur>' notes. $5,000 000 in United States notes
and $2.600. 0i^ in National bank notes. There
was a decrease of $1,000,000 .in sold certificates
and $16,000,000 in currency certificates.
GOLD FROM AUSTRALIA.
The Australian steamer just at hand has
£515,857 in Rnidish sovereigns, e<rual to $2,510,
160 In American money, sent here for the pur
pose of buying sterling bills on London.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port in Janu
ary were 1562 flasks, against 12<vJ in January.
1597. The shipment? were 369 flasks, valued at
$13,406, against 436 flasks at J14.7M in IW.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the day?: those underneath It. if any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredth!* during the past twelve hours.
Isobar?, or soiid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word 'high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "'low" refers to low pres-
Bure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when th» "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- i
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of ihese conditions will produce an !
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO. Feb 10. 5. p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.07 21.25 32.05
Red Bluff 0.00 0.22 18.85
Sacramento 0.00 G.S4 13.32
San Francisco 0.00 J. 85 16.70
Fresno 0.00 3.23 8.08
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.88 15.26
Los Angel€ 3 0.00 4.11 11.42
San Diego 0.00 3.38 7.9<
Yuma 0.00 1.26 4.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 44: mean, 51.
The pressure has fallen slowly during the '
past twenty-four hours over the southern half ;
of the Pacific slope. It has risen slightly over i
Eastern Oregon and Southeastern Washington.
An area of low pressure appears to be to the '
north of Vancouver Island. An area of high i
pressure lies over Utah. Nevada and Southern '
Idaho.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees ;
In the northern portion o' the Sacramento Val
ley. Elsewhere on the Pacific Coast it has re
mained nearly stationary.
Rain has fallen over Washington and North
ern Oregon. Light rain has fallen at Eureka <
At Tatoosh Island a rainfall of 1.06 inches l» !
reported for the past 12 h >urs.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh. 34 miles per hour from i
the south: Fort Canby, ;e southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 11, 1898 1 !
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled '
weather Friday, with showers in northern por- '
tion; cooler in northern portion; southeasterly
winds. i
Southern California— Fair Friday, with In- I
creasing cloudiness In the afternoon: west- !
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday i
with conditions favorable for showers In the '
afternoon; northwesterly, changing to south- i
easterly wind*.
Special report, taken at Mt. Tamalpias at 5 1
p. m — Cloudy; wind northwest, 12; tempera- I
cure, 61; maximum, 57.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— Money on call ]
easy, m per cent; last loan. I 1 * per cent, i
Prime mercantile paper, 3@4 per cent. Sterling I
exchange steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at. s4 86% for demand and at $4 86®
4MK tor sixty days. Posted rates, ft 6*#4 S6&.
■ _. ■■ — •■--' ■■ J -
Commercial bills, »i 52«4. Silver certificates,
66%@57Hc. Bar silver, 66*4 c. Mexican dollars,
45%e. Government bond*, easier. State bonds',
dull. Railroad bonds, steady.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10.— The most Interesting
feature of to-day's stock market was the
manner in which It regarded the Spanish
Minister" resignation. In view of the (sen
sitiveness in the recent past to everything
connected with the Cuban question its disre
gard of an Incident involving so acute a phase
of feeling is noteworthy. The view taken of
the subject In Wall street was that the pos
sibility of danger in it had been avoided by
the firm and prompt manner In which the in
cident had been treated by the Government.
Prices advanced from the opening of the mar
ket. Higher quotations from London gave an
Impetus to the opening rise. There was no
great setback from the opening to the close
of the market. The only thing approaching
It was an occasional pause in the advance,
but this was simply due to a falling off In the
buying and not to heavy offerings. Upon a re
newal of activity the upward movement be
gan again. Advances were not uniform and
were not simultaneous. Considering the vol
ume of the trading for tho day the railway
stocks were notably email. in these which
show large gains the advances were made at
different times during the day. first one and
another or the stocks or group of stocks be
ing taken up and pushed. The local transac
tion scored the largest advance and showed
the heaviest dealings of any group in the list.
The strength of the market showed a ten
dency to run to the specialties and tobacco.
General Electric, Western Union and Susque
hanna and Western preferred were conspicuous
in the day's movement. Pullman added flva
more points to Its remarkable advance. The
mainstay of the market was the renewed buy-
Ing on a large scale of New York Central and
the strength of Northwest, Omaha and the
other Vanderbllt stocks.
The Grangers as a group were strong. Bur
lington leading. Adams Express was bid up
22 points over yesterday's bad price without
eliciting any offers. American Express sold
2H points over the last sale and was bid up 2
points higher. There was a further easing In
money rates to-day and sterling exchange con
tinued firm.
The recent slight reaction In speculative
bonds terminated to-day and the general
movement was again strongly upward on a
very large business. It was reported that $1,
000,000 worth of a single issue have been taken
for London account. Total sales, $4,830,000.
United States new 4s registered were %
lower bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 395,900
shares, Including: Atchlson preferred, "IS".;
Burlington, 3370; Erie preferred. 4500; Hocking
Valley, 7500; Louisville and Nashville, 12,000;
Manhattan. 000; Metropolitan, 12,000; Michi
gan Central, 5160; Missouri Pacific. 4000; New
York Central. 38.000; Northern Pacific, 4000;
Northern. Pacific preferred, 11,000: Rock Island.
5000; St. Paul. 17,000; St. Paul and Omaha, 6000:
Southern, 5000; Southern preferred, 7900: Union
Pacific, 11,500: Tobacco, 15,500; People's Gas.
5000: Consolidated Gas. 7000; Pullman, 5500;
Sugar, 11,000; Western Union, 4100.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% ' Do prefd ... 148
Do prefd 32 ! i St PM & M...... 135
Bal & Onto 1714 So Pacific 20 .
Canada Pacific .. 8S So Railway 9%
Canada Southern. sfiV4 ! Do prefd 32%
Central Pacific .. 14 Texas & Pacific.. ll't,
Ches & Ohio MM Union Pacific .... 34
Chi & Alton .... 164 U P D& G 8%
Chi B & Q Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 59»* I Do prefd Is%,
CCC &St L.... Wheel & L E.... 2%
Do prefd SO Do prefd 12%
Del & Hudson 112 Vi Express Companies-
Del L & W 156' i Adams Ex 187
Den & Rio G 13% American Ex 122
Do prefd 52 1 * United States 42
Erie (new) 16 Wells. Fargo 116
Do Ist prefd.... 42% Miscellaneous
Fort Wayne 101 A Cot Oil 20
Gt Nor prefd 153 Do prefd 754
Hocking Val 7vs Amer Spirits 8%
Illinois Cent 106 | Do prefd 21%
Lake Erie & W.. 17% Amer Tobacco ... 914
Do prefd 74 \ Do prefd IK.
Lake Shore 192 ! People's Gas 9S
Louis & Nash 59 7 i Con Gas ISS%
Manhattan L .... 117*4 Com Cable Co . ISS
Met St Ry 164 V Col F & 1r0n^.... 23%
Michigan Cent ... 114 ,Do prefd 70
Minn &St L .. 26 ! Gen Electric 384
Do Ist prefd .... S6 ; Illinois Eteel 62%
Mo Pacific 33% Laclede Gas 43>4
Mobile & Ohio 314 Lead 304
Mo X & T 13H ! Do prefd 1084
Do prefd 39U Nat Lin Oil IS
Chi Ind & L. 3U Or Imp Co 284
Do prefd 32 Pacific Mail 31",
N J Central 95 7 « Pullman Pal ISs'i
N T Central 118?& Silver Certiflts .. 564
N V Chi &St L.. 15 Standard K& T. 3 T 4
Do Ist prefd .... 74 Sugar 13914
Do 2d prefd .... 38^ Do prefd 113
Nor West 14V* T C & Iron 25^i
No Amer Co 1% U 8 Leather 7
No Pacific 27 I Do prefd 66H
Do prefd 674 U S Rubber 17* 4
Ontario & W 17% ! Do prefd  TO
O R & Nay Co.. 61". West Union 92%
Or Short Line.... 24», Reading Ist pfd.. 51%
Pittsburg 16S C & Nev 130^
' Reading 21% I Do prefd 171
Rock Island 92 V St L& S W 4 : «
St Louis & S F.. 74 Do prefd 9*4
Do prefd 6714 Do prefd 604
St Paul 96% R G W 234
Do prefd 147 Chi G W..: '. 13%
St P & Om 7S*g Haw Com Co 23
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg... 12J.'j N J C 5s 114% j
Do coup 125% N Carolina &j 125 I
O S 4s 113% Do 48 103 |
Do coupon 114^j No Pac let* 119
Do seconds 100 Do 3s 63
US 5s reg 113» t Do 4s 97% I
Do E ocsudon... 113% N V C & S L 4s . 107»»
District 3 65s 120 Nor &W 6s 124' 2
Ala Class A 10S Northwestern Con 142%
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 100 Do 4s 97
Atchlson 4s 95% O S Line 6s tr 125
Oo adj 4s 64V* Do 5s tr 100»4
Can So 2s lUVg Or Imp lsta tr 112*4
Can Pac lsts .... — Do 5s tr en,
Chcgo Terminal .. 87H Pac 6s of 95 104
C & Ohio 5s 115%!Readlne 4s -•••..
C. H & D 4>45.... 114% ;R G W lsts.. 85
D& R G lsts.... 110 SL& Ir M con 5S 94%
D & R G 4s 85fc|S L & S F Gen6s. 11S*H
East Term lsts... 107 |St P Con 142-,
Erie Gen 4s 73% I St P C & P lsts . 120
FW & D lsts tr. "314 Do 5b 112*:
Gen Elec 5s 100% |S C non-fund .. —
GH& S A 65.... 103 So Ry 5s 94
Do 2b 105 Stan Rope &T 6s 56
H &TC 5s no Term new set 3s 87
Do con 6s 107 jTex P L G lsts.. 101 H
lowa C lsts 101 I Do reg 2s 33
Kan P Con tr.... 114 lUnloni Pacific lsts 127%
X P Is (Den D)tr 128^4 i U P D & Gulf Is. 57' 2
La new cons 45.. 102 ; Wab Ist 5b 109» B
L& M Uni 4b S9',-2 1 Do seoonds 80%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s .. lQsi.
M X & T 2s 64V4 Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4a 90 Do deferred .... 4>~
N V Cent lsts.... 117%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35IOntarlo 250
Crown Point 18'Ophlr 45
Con C & Va 80 i Plymouth 8
Deadwood Wj (Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 30 (Quicksilver prefd. 250
Hale & Norcross. 1 40;S!erra Nevada ..'. 90
Homeßtake 37 00 Standard 150
Iron Silver  40 .Union Con 35
Mexican 35 ' Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Feb. 10. -Atchlaon, 13%; Bell Tele
phone. 269; Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy
102%. Mexican Centra), 514; Oregon Short Line
24%; San Diego, — ; Boston and Montana. 178-V
Boston and Butte. 27Vj.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were dull. Dear money Is begin
ning to have an Influence, although It is not
expected that It will have a really bad effect
on the market, because the dearness is partly
due to the healthy condition of trade. There
were very large borrowings to-day from the
Bank of England, amounting probably to £2 -
000.000. Americans were above the New York
parity, but except for Erie preferred and Union
Pacific shares the market was listless. Argen
tines and Brazils were lower. Mines were
easier. Grand Trunk was better on expecta
tion of a favorable settlement. The reported
sales of lands by the Northern Pacific for the
retirement of its first mortgage bonds Is not
believed here. Gold is In strong demand
partly for South America. The Paris Bourse
was better.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10. -FLOUR— Receipts,
7770; exports, 23,860; quiet, but firmly held.
Total stock here does not exceed 400,000 bar
rels, mostly awaiting shipment.
WHEAT— Receipts, 56,625; exports, 56.275.
Spot steady; options firm at %@fcc advance on
better cables and were further Influenced by
further clearings. Prices declined under bear
attacks, but recovered later nn export rumors
and strength fn Southwestern markets, dosing
at a slight drop from the top under realizing
but steady at hi<&%c net advance. No 2 red
February, tl 01 15-16@1 07^, closed $1 02- May
97 3-16<397 13-16 c, closed S7%c. '
HOPH— DuII.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— With the exception of plglron
warrants the various branches show well-sus
tained strength, with an upward tendency
At the close the Metal Exchange called: '
PlGlßON— Warrants dull and easy at J6 45
bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Very firm; $11 bid and
$11 15 asked.
TlN— Firm; $13 95 bid and $14 05 asked
SPELTER— CIosed firm; $4 05 bid and $4 15
asked.
LEAD— Strong and higher; $3 70 bid and
$3 75 asked. The firm that fixes the prices for
miners and smelters makes the price of lead
$3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, prices 5(flO
points net lower. Sales, 16,250 bags, Includ
ing March, $5 60@5 66. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet,
No. 7 invoice, 6^c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild,
steady; Cordova, 7.125J15HC.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 9 3-16 c; sales, 800 tons Ja
maica, to arrive basis, 89 test, at 3 l-16c; re
fined, firm; mold A, 5 9-16 c; standard A, 6Hc;
confectioner* 1 A, l%c; cut loaf, Bfcc; crushed,
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
6%e| powdered, sHei granulated, BHej eubee.
6HC.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET;
CHICAGO, Feb. Scan after the opening
May Wheat dropped to 96\4@88i»e en realisa
tions. Then a plow advance started which car- j
ried the market up to »6Vi@96%c, when a re
action occurred, May declining this time 'to
BS%c, Sellers were not without encouragement.
Crop reports were very favorable, Kansas
messages stating that the prospects there were
the beet ever known, and the outlook In Michi
gan was also good. News from Argentine
caused some hesitancy for a time. BroemhaU
estimated the Argentine . shipping surplus at
32,000,000 bushels, and said he looked for ship
ments from that country to Europe this month
01 about S.OW.UOO bushels. A report that be
tween 800. and UOO.OUO barrels oC Flour had
accumulated at New York was also in, under
second decline. A,bout 11 o'clock the market
began strong and active. An authoritative New
York dispatch estimated Flour stocks there at
not to exceed 100,000 barrels outside of that al
ready contracted for shipment. Everything
else, however, was overshadowed by the cash
news. Reports that Joseph Letter had con
tracted to ship 600,000 bushels of Wheat by the
JLehlgh Valley road to the Eastern seaboard,
which were circulated yesterday, were con
firmed to-day, and It wan further ascertained
the Wheat was going forward on a through
rato to Europe. There was also rumors of
other large lots to be moved out. half of It
by rail, and though not entirely • confirmed,
were received with credence by traders. The
Atlantic port clearances of Wheat and Flour
were put at 534,000 bushels. By noon there was
a big trade In the pit and prices under a gen
eral buying demand had • advanced ' to 97@97%c.
Many of the early sellers were forced to buy
back their lines. The price was • well ■ main
tained at the top for some time, but offerings
became free late In the session and ! a reaction
to 867* c took plaoe, the market closing steady
at that price. .■>.»-:■: ''.;-; .'■■ r\ ■■:•'■..
Corn in the main was very strong, and closed
Vie higher.
Oats were active and firm. May closed %®
%c higher.
Trading In Provisions . was active, with the
feeling unsettled, the market closing steady,
May pork 2 : -c higher. May lard 2V£c lower and
May ribs 24c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
February .... .... 98
May 96% 97% 96% 96%
July 85 85% 84% S6V4
Corn, No. —
February 27% 2SV4 27%  28
May 2»% 29% 29% 29%
July 30% 31 ' 30% 30%
Oats, No. 2—
May 24 25% 24% 25%
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 67% 10 75 10 55 10 62Vi
July 10 82% 10 70 10 62% 10 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs— k
May 5 07% 5 15 6 07% 6 07%
July 5 20 5 20 5 15 5 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 IDs-
May 5 17% 5 22% 515 6 17%
July ;. 6 22% 5 27% 5 20 6 22%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring Wheat, 91<s?92e; No. 3 spring
Wheat, S6@96c; No. 2 red, 9SS9SVic; No. 2 Corn,
2S@2BV4c; No.- 2 Oats. 25c; No. 2 white, 27'/&©2Scr
No. 3 white, 26%<g27c; No. 2 Rye. 4S>4c; No. 2
Barley, f. o. b., 30%<g34%0; No. 1 Flaxaeed,
$1 24; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 77%«?2 80: Mes«
Pork, per barrel, $10 554710 60; Lard, -per 100
pounds, $5 02%; Short Ribs Sides, loose, $o®s 30;
Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%iioc; Short
Clear Sides, boxed. ?5 30@5 40; Whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 18%;
Sugar, cut loaf, 6.01 c; granulated, 5.51 c.
Articles — Receipt!. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 44.000 " 6.000
Corn, bushels 365.000 149.000
Oats, bushels 223.000 233.000
Rye. bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 24.000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@19c; dairies,
ll@l7c. Cheese, quiet; S@BHc. Eggs, fresh,
12Vi@13c. _____
, WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels Bushels.
Minneapolis ....231,5-i0 19.950
Duluth 51,fi68
Milwaukee 11,050
Chicago 44,150 5,987
Toledo 28,332 4.000
St. Louis 8,000 60.000
Detroit 14,005 9,924
Kansas City '. 82.000 23, C0D
Totals 420,945 123,391
' Tidewater —
Boston - "•■ ' ".■;.'.". . .
New York 56.425 56.277
Philadelphia* 9,797 1,308
Baltimore 55.610 18.687
New Orleans
Totals T7T77! ...."...
'-'-.•" PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan Mar.
Opening 62 40 59 50
Closing 62 10 59 35
Flour —
Opening 29 10 27 70
Closing. 29 05 27 53
LIVERPOOL, WHEAT FUTURES
Mar. May. July. Sept
Opening 7 4% 7 1H 6 6%
Closing 7 10 7 5% 7 1% 6 7
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. CATTLE— FairIy active,
prices ruling about steady. Sales were largely
at $4 35@5 10, common dressed beef steers go
ing - for ti'Si 25 and occasionally below $4;
Texas cattle, $3 25@4 30 for heifers, cows, bulls,
stags and oxen and at $3 SO® 450 for steers;
stockers and feeders, $4 10@4 50; prime heifers,
ii 30@4 60.
HOGS — There was a further advance of 5c in
hogs. Sales ranged at $3 85<3'4 05 for coarse
heavy packers to prime heavy-weights; bulk,
$3 92Hr'S4. Light-weight hogs comprised the
larger part of the receipts and sold at the
usual discount, while pigs went largely at
$3 60®3 So, few going below $3@5. The mar
ket closed weaker.
SHEEP — Trade in sheep and lambs was less
active at weaker pries, sheep being wanted
at $3 26Q4 65 for inferior to choice grades.
ewes selling largely around $4 20. Fed Western
sheep sold largely at $4 1034 50. Yearling
sheep brought $4 50&5 10 and lamliß were in
good demand at $4 "b<al 7S for poor to prime
lots, few going below $6 25. Heavy lambs and
sheep sold badly.
Receipts— Cattle. 10,000; hogs, 35.000; sheep,
14.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official, natives, 4400; southern, 300; choice
beef and export cattle strong; common to ifte
dlum steady; stockers and feeders scarce and
active; cows and heifers strong; Texas and
Indian cattle active. but in light supply;
Western steers. $3 25<f4 50; Western cows.
$2 50<g3 60; native steers, $3 75@5 00; choice, Js@
5 30; Texas and Indian steers, $3 55@4 35; na
tive cows and heifers. $2 25^4 35; stockers and
feeders. $3 65-95 10; bulls, $2 50@3.
HOGS— Receipts. official, 14.400. Market
active. s@loc higtier; closed easier, with bulk
of sales, $3 75@3 90; heavies. S3 75<g:3 97H;
packers. $3 05^3 95; mixed. $3 60*53 90; light.
$3 05Q3 SO; yorkers, $2 75@3 SO; pigs, $3 350
3 6r..
SHEEP — Receipts, official, 1600. Market
steady, active; Western lambs, $4 60@5 50;
[ muttons, $3 25@4 25.
DENTER.
DENVER. Feb. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500.
Markpt steady: beef steers. $3 50@4 25; cows.
$3<fi3 76; stockers. $4f4 40; feeders. $3 75@4 20;
bull?, stags, etc., ?2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market steady to
strong; light packers, $3 70@3 75; mixed, $3 65®
3 70; heavy, $3 60rfj 3 70.
SHEEP— No receipts. Demand good for good
muttons.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Neb., Feb. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1500. Market steady. Native beef steers, %i(rt,
4 65; cows and heifers. J2 65<g:3 50; stags, stock
ers and feeders, $3 6004 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000. Stronger; market 5c
higher. Heavy. $3 72U-S3 75: lights. $3 7:,@3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 600. Steady. Muttons. $3 60
®4 75; lambs, $4<g4 40.
THE FRUIT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Florida oranges are about done.
The stock here Is said to consist largely of
frost-damaged stock, and. In consequence,
prices are somewhat unsettled. California or
anges are still arriving freely, but under con
tinued good consuming demand prices remain
stationary on both navels and seedlings. In
Jamaica oranges the trade is only moderate,
and, under full supplies, the market favors
buyers, but there has been no quotable change
in prices. California loose Muscatel raisins
are still unsettled. While standard goods are
held firmly up to quotations, off-grade and
rain-damaged stock Is to be had at lower fig
ures, and offerings of these on a compara
tively dull market have a depressing influence
on market values. Exnort Interest at the
moment does not appear to be very great, but
sellers are confident that during the coming
season trade with European buyers will show
a large increase and there are entertained
hopes that the export business will eventmlly
assume large proportions. California, it is
estimated, has already taken steps to control
the export business and hopes to do most of
It In the future. California London layers and
clusters are scarce and firm, but we hear of
little demand. Valencia layers are in limited
supply, but in the absence of demand prices
are nominal. Imported sultanas are scarce and
firm. Stocks of California sultanas and seed
less Muscatels have, it is reported, been closely
concentrated by recent purchases and prices
have an upward tendency. Currants are firm
and offered sparingly, but there seems to be
little demand at present. California apricots
of lower grades are still wanted, but it Is re
ported that stocks are well cleaned up on spot,
and that there is little or nothing more to
come forward.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $216,787,258; sold reserve,
J165.569.712.
NORTHERN WHEAT ; MARKET:
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 19.—There Is rery ; lit
tle that is' new In the local Wheat situation.
Reeelpts continue very heavy, but the bulk ef
the grain now coming in Is \ Bto<* f that was
bought several weeks ago. Walla Walla, i3V4©
T4c, with mills paying lc morei valley and blue
stem, 77c. -: ■• • •* •'
Cleared— British ship Senator, Queenstown,
80,354 bushels, Wheat.
'. .' * WASHINGTON. it
TACOMAJ Feb. —Wheat firm and higher;
No. 1 club, 84c i No. 1 blue stem, 77c.
PORTLAND'S "• BUSINESS. :•
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. Exchanges, $364,
153; balances, $129,410. -.'• '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. Consols,. 112%; Silver,
26 l-16d; French rentes, 103f 60c@103f 70c.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 10.—Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 38s! cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, more
inquiry; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California.
8s Ud; Wheat in Paris, steady; ' Flour In
Paris, steady. ; •
COTTON-Uplands, 3%d. ..; :,'
;
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 5ight....T...'.... — ' ' *4 84%
Sterling Exchange.. 60 days — *- 4 87%
Sterling Cables :...:... — ' 4 87%
New York Exchange, 5ight...:.... — V - 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — *} ' 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce — t •lfil4
Mexican Dollars ..: *6 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A rise at. Chicago stimulated fu
tures, as will be seen,' but spot values were
undisturbed with a steady tone.
Tidewater quotations are as • follows $1 40
for No, l. $1 42% for choice and $1 45 1 60 per
ctl for extra choice for milling. . ' /
CALL BOARD SALES. !
Informal Session—9:ls'o'clock—No sales.
Second Session—May—2ooo ctls. $1 39%; 2000.
$1 39%.
Regular Morning Session— ,10,000 ctls,
$1 40; 26,000. $139%. December—MOO. $132%. -
Afternoon Session—May—3ooo ctls, .$139%;
8000. $1 39%. December— 2000. $1 32; 4000, $1 31%.
BARLEY— Feed and Brewing remain
steady at the advanced ' prices, i The demand
for the latter is sharp. T ■ ■
Feed, $1 02' '.(31 05 for dark : to - good and
$1 07%@l 10 for choice; Brewing. $1 1601 20 for
No. 1 and $1 lO@l 12 1 per ctl for dark -Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session—9:ls o'clock—No sales.
Second Session—6ooo ctls, 97c; 2000, 96% c;
2000. 96% c; 6000. 96% c.
Regular Morning Session—December— ctls,
92% c.
Afternoon Session—May— ctls, 96% c; 6000,
96V4c.
OATS—Dealers report a very dull market at
the moment.
Fancy reed, $1 22%@1 26 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 17Vj@l 22%; common. $1 12V401 16:
Surprise. $1 25@1 30; red, $1 35@1 46; gray. $1 15
©1 17%: milling, $1 17%@1 22',?; black, for seed.
$1 36@l 50. Clipped.Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN—The market rules dull in anticipation
of free receipts from the East. There Is no fur
ther change In quotations. 1
Small round yellow. $1 10®l 12% per ctl;
large yellow. $1 05@l 07H; white, %l 0501 07%.
RYE—sl OR©l 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—II 75i31 to per ctl. j
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
The millers report a good trade on local and
export account.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extra*.
$•! 66®4 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30®4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks i are as fol
| lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 26; extra cream
■do, $3; Oatmeal. $3 BO; Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny. $3 104J3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 CO; Farina. $4 50: Whole c Wheat
Flour. $3 26: Rolled Oats (bbls). $j 2d®s 85: in
packs, $5 06©5 45; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 76; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There Is no change in anything. Hay li
steady and buyers have not succeeded In
breaking prices.
lilt AN - DOS2I 50.
MIDDLINGS— S22 50C525. ..-.-^. '
FEEDBTUF'FS-Rolled Barley. $23<3'24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal nt the mill, $2S 00:32S 60;
Jobbing, $30: Cocoanut Cake. $21 50@22 BO; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S@SO per ton; Corn Meal, $23 ,->0
i|24 50; Cracked Corn. J1M1&25; Chopped Feed.
118019.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. |1«3
13 50 per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16017 50; Oat.
$14 50®16 50; Barley. $13 50® 16; compressed, $15
017 50; Alfalfa. $10 50^11; stock, $11@12 50;
Clover. $11 50®12 £0 per ton.
STRAW— 4O®47&c per bale.
BEANS 'AND SEEDS.
Firmnes Is still reported In Beans, with a
fair demand. Seeds range as before.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; Small Whites, $1 40
(SI 60; Large Whites. $1 40@l 60: Pinks,
$2 75@2 85: Reds. $2»2 25: Blackeye, $2 40®2 50,
Butters, $1 40@l 50; Llmas, *1 tio©l 75; Pea.
$1 40© 160 per ctl. ■ • ,'.-'.•
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 per ctl: Yellow
Muptard, - i2<3 2 .',O; Flax, $2 25; Canary Seed,
t\i@2\c per 11.; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape. 2®2%0:
Hemp. 3c: Timothy. 5U0. : - '
DRIED PEAS— $1 40®l 65; Green. $1 80
62 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
The arrival of 624 «ks Onions from Austra
lia has not yet affected the market, and prices
continue firm. Potatoes arc ollft at the ad
vance.
Los Angeles Tomatoes are neglected, as the
Mexicans are being taken in preference. Peas
are higher.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65@75c: River Reds,
£s'g6sc; River Burbanks, 75@85c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. $IQI 10: Salinas Burbanks, 85c@
$1 12^.;lVtaIuma Burbanks. 70590.:; Sweet Pota
toes Bo©6o per ctl for Rivers and 75c@$l for
Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes, 2®3c per Ib.
ONIONS— S2 50§2 So per ctl; Oregons, $2 75®
2 90; cut onions. $2<g2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Mexican Tomatoes, $I@l 76
per box; Marrowfat Squash, *20 per
ton; Huhbard Squash, $20 per ton; Dried
Peppers. SftlOrr per lb; Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
■ ■•■ ;ier ctt; Carrots, 25<g«"c i>er sack;
Garlic, 3T/4';o per lb; Asparagus. 15^25c per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peaa, 9@loc; String Beans,
20'g25c; Tomatoes. 50c<gtl; Green Peppers,
per ib; Summer Squash, 8c; Egg Plant,
— per Tb; Hothouse Cucumbers. JlSl 50 per
dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c: granulated raw,
Wo; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c:
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; turnips,
26c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There Is still some Eastern stock left, selling
at $5 for Hens, $4 flO for young Roosters, $4 for
old Roosters and -n for Fryers.
Changes in 10.-al stock are higher prices for
Goslings and lower prices for Turkeys.
Game is doing still better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
lers and WiiV2c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
WyUc per 11>; (ieose. per pair. $1 25<3>1 50; Gos
lings. $2<fi3; Ducks. $3 50® $4 50 for old and
$4 50^6 for young: Hens, $3(34 50; Roosters,
young, $1 jtifjr, :,<>, Roosters, jfl<J. $3 23@3 50;
Fryers, l;, r a~> 50; Broilers. $s<jjo st) for large and
$3 50<§)4 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 75@2 25 per
dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz $10*1 12<4; Mallard, $3®
3 50; Canvashack. $2 50r54: Sprig. $1 75®2; Teal,
Jl^Tl 50; Wi.leeon, $1 25: Small Ducks, 75c: Gray
Geese. $2: White, 75c«Jl: Brant, timi 25; Honk
ers, $3: English Snlpp. $1 75(g>2: Jack Snipe. $1:
Hare. 75c; Rabbits. $I@l 25 for Cottontails and
75c for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Egg market has broken under excessive
receipts. Butter is weak and dairy descrip-
tlons are lower. Eastern has al9o broken.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@26c; sec
onds, 23<!5 24c.
Dairy- Choice to Fancy, 22<3-23c; lower grades,
20<ii21c per !b.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 22#22Uc; ladle
packed. l.'fm'Ac per lb.
<"HEF.SK— Choice mild new, 10@llc; common
to good. SSO'.ijc: Cream Cheddar, lO'fJllc; Young
America, Il(s]l2c; Western. ll@12c; Eastern.
W.-CdW/kf per tb.
EGGS- Ranch Eggs, 18@20c per doz; store
Eggs, 16^@17Hc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Over 800 boxes Navels sold at auction
at ?seSs2 05. and Lemons went at 30<f90c.
Mexican Limes are bringing good prices, be
ing scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7(&8 per bbl.
Apples, 40050 c per box for common, 65c@Jl
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy.
. CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 25@
2 25; Seedlings. r,Oc@Jl; Mandarins, $lfi!l 50
for large and <>5@75c for small boxes: Grape
Fruit, $2 50Jf5 per box; Lemons, 50<J?75c for
common and Slffil 75 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes. $6@6 n0; California Limes In small
boxes. $I®l 25; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3(g4 per doz.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There is nothing new except the advance
in Apples alrea " mentioned. Trade is very
dull.
. DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%
@4\c for 40-50' s. - 3%@4»40 for 50-60' s. 3H@3fco.
for 60-70" 2»4@3»4c for 70-80" s, 2Vi@2%c tor 30
90' 1%@2%c for DO-100's; Peaches. 3@4V4c; tan
cy, s@sV4c; peeled. 10(g!12ttc; Apricots, G@6c for
Royals and 7@Sc for. good to fancy Moorparks:
evaporated s Apples, 6%@7%c ; ! ■ sun-dried, 4®sc;
black Figs. In sacks. 21?2Uc; Plums, 4'2^4V4C
or • pitted and l@lV4c:-for : unpitted; bleached
Plums, 6@5»4c: Nectarines, 4<gsc for prime to
fancy; Pears. -2%<54Hc for quarters and 3@5V40
for halves, -according to color, etc. '•<=- '■.••-' -■ . ■-:
• RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, 3<g3^c for three
crown, B%<B'4c tor : four-crown, 5c  for Seediest
Sultanas, B^4c for Seedless Muscatels and $10
1 10 for London layers j dried Grapes. 2ftc.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
lb; Walnuts. ;.(g*6c for hardshell and 6fi>7e for
softshell; Alim-ndti, BUf9\4c for hardshell, s@Gc
for softshell and 7g>Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts.
4^sUc for Eastern and iVtc for California;
Pecans, 6U@Se; .Filberts, S^flOc; Brazil Nuts,
B<3He per 16; Coconnuts, $4 SOOG per 100.
HONEY— New Comb, S@loc~for bright and 59
7c for lower grades; new 7 water white extract
ed. 4\4@sc; light amber extracted, !%@4^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 23@25c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The packers have all they want to do In fill
ing their orders. Prices continue firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BHc per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10c for light. 10Hc
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 10^ig-llc; California
Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10;, famll*- do, $ll(ffl2; salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at stye per lb
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails. 7%c:
California tierces, s>4c per lb for compound
and GVic for pure; half-barrels, t^c; 10-lb
tins, 7^c; do 5-lb, 7%c.-
COTTOLENE— Tierces, S%W%o; packages,
less thnn 300-lbs— l-lb palls, 6n In a caae. S%c:
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c: 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case. V/ t c: 10-lb palls. 6fn a case. BHc; SO-lb
tins, one or two in a case, 7&4 c: wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. 7%c: fancy tufes. 80 lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
lo^o per. lb; medium, B%c; light, 9c; Cow
hides i)@9Hc; stags, 6c; salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides, 17@17V4c; culls and brands, 13U
@14c; dry Ktp and Veal, 14®15c; dry Calf, 18@
20c: culls, 16@17tr Goatskfns, 20i?T37Hc each;
Kids, BlflOc; Deerskins, good summer, 25®S0c
per lb: medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20(5f30c each; short wool, 40<370c
ea<'h; medium, 70@90c; long wools, Boo<3sl 30
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 8®3%0 per lb; No.
2, 2@2ttc; refined, Ec: Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free, lO<o
ISc; do defective. lOigillc; San Jcaquln, defec
tive, 7@9c; Southern Mountain, fl@llo; free
Northern.- 12@>13c: do defective, f>@Uo: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, I?.tfT\nc> ; Eastern Oregon,
9{?l3r: Valley Oregon. 16i3>lSo.
HOPS— OId crop. 2(Jr6o for poor to fair and 8
@100 for Rood: new crop, ll@lso per lb.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dressed Hogs are higher and live Hogs are
firm at the . recent advance. The other de
scriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c; second do, 5H®
6c: third do, 4@sc per lb. '
VEAL— Large, 6@6^o; small. 7®7V40 per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; ewes. 6%®70
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4Vgc for large, 3^<33%c
for small and 31itf?3%e for medium; soft Hogß.
3 ,-4- dressed, do. 6%@6%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOfl— Calcutta Grain Bags, 1833 delivery,
E9i®s%o; Wool Bags, 27@30; San Quentln. $5 30.
Wellington $10 per ton; New
Wellington. 110 per ton; Seattle, $6 50 per ton;
Bryant, $6 60: Coos Bay. $5 75; Wallsend.
$9; Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and
$11 60 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthaclte Egg,
1 JIB; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
I Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and »14 in sacks.
BUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. fi^c; Dry
; Granulated. ss4c; Confectioners' A, 6%0; Mag-
I nolia A, 6%c: Extra C, 6>*c: Golden C. 6%e:
i Candy Granulated. 5T4c: California A, s^c per
lb; half barrels %o more than barrels, and
boxes Ho more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. February 10.
Flour, qr sks ... 9.4 M Wine, gals 88,300
Wheat, ctla 2.430 Leather, rolls ... 43
Barley, ctls 2,780 Lumber, feet .... 20.000
Oats, ctl» 170 Eggs, doz 10,740
Corn, ctls 10 Hay, tons 895
I •Butter, bxs 247! Pelts, bdls ....... 73
Cheese, bx» 149 Hides, no 83'J
; Tallow, hxs ..... 10 Powder.- cases .. 22
I Beans, sks 1,301 Raisins. bXB 55
I Middlings, sks .. 260 Chicory, bbls.... 5
Potatoes, sks ... 2,997 Lime, bhls .201
Onions, sks 203! Silver, flsks ..... 50
Bran, rks ....... 970 Sugar, bbls 11,628
. AUSTRALIA.
Onions, aks 624 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
There wan no change in mining stocks wor
thy of note and business continued dull.
Business on the Bond Exchange continued
brisk, as will be seen by the list of sales be
low.
In the Consolidated Imperial mine the sur
face tunnel is now in 48$ feet from the south
line, 10 feet having beAn made during the
wek. The face is in oldj fillings.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1200 foot level,
the north drift from east crosscut from north
drift from Incline is now in 60 feet, having
been cleaned out and repaired 20 feet during
the week. On the SSO level the joint Belcher
and Crown Point raise 18 now up 74 feet, hav
ing bean advanced 7 feet during the week; the
top shown (juarti giving low assays. There
have been hoisted during the week and stored
in the ore house at the mine 37 mining car
loads of ore, the average top car sample of
which shows an assay value of $26 5» per ton.
In the Crown Point mine they have raised
one set from the end of the south drift, 700
level, of Crown Point, through quartz assay
ing from $6 to $S per ton, which they are sav
ing for a mill tost. They have extracted this
month so far 65 tons, the car samples of which
go about $7 per ton. The repairs in the shaft
above the 1100 level are still under way. The
Joint Belcher-Crown Point raise from 650 level
of the former company has been advanced 7
feet for the week, and is now up 74 feet.
The Chollar assessment of 20 cents per share
will be delinquent in the company's office to
day.
The annual meeting of the Lafayette Gold
Mining Company has been called for Febru
ary 19.
The Natoma Vineyard Company paid a
monthly dividend of 5 cents per share yee
terday.
BOARD SALES.
Following: were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:3o.
100 Belcher 27|200Potosi 23
100 Best & Belcher. 401300 Sierra Nev 92
200 Chollar 40 50 96
300 Con. Cal & Va. 88 50 93
100 Mexican 33 100 Union Con 38
100 Occidental 1 50 : 100 Utah 10
150 1 Ml
Afternoon Session.
100 Chollar 38 1 700 Potosi Jl
100 Con. Cal. & Va. 87 ' 300 Savage 28
200 8S jTOO Sierra Nev 95
7000 Con. Imperial.. 01 1 300 Silver Hill 04
300 Hale & Ni.rcrs..l 55 |100 Union Con 39
200 N. Gould & Cr. 15 100 Utah 10
200 Ophir j>Oj
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session— lo:3o.
400 Alpha 16|200 34
500 Andes 11 |3CO 35
100 Belcher 27 200 Ophir •, 60
200 26 . SCO I'otosl 23
1200 Best & Belchr. 40 < 200 Savage 27
100 Chollar 40 1400 Sierra Nev 97
250 391600 96
300 Con. Cal & Va. . 86;4O0 95
150 85J300 93
300 87 300 92
200 Crown Point ... IS 400 Union Con 39
200 Gould & Curry.. 26 | 500 40
50 Hale & Norcrs..l 65 1500 Utah 10
300 Mexican .... 33 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 17 1 400 Mexican 34
300 Best & Belchr. .. 40J600 33
300 Bullion 07 400 Potosl 22
400 Caledonia 18 400 S. B. and M.... 04
300 Chal Con 30 200 Sierra Nev 97
300 31200 96
350 Chollar 39 200 94
500 Crown Point IS JSO 93
200 I 7 1300 92
500 IS 700 Union Con 39
200 tiould & Curry.. 26 j 400 3s
150 271300 Utah 10
2UO Justice 36 !
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Feb. 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask ; Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Julia _ 02
Alta 18 19' Justice 36 3S
Andes 11 12 : Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 26 27, Lady Wash.... — 03
Best &. Belcher 3S 39 Mexican 33 34
Bullion 07 08 Occidental 150 155
Caledonia 17 — Ophir 49 51
Chollar .*.. 38 39 Overman 05 06
Con Cal & Va. 85 87 Potosi 23 24
Challenge Con. 29 30 Savage 27 2S
Con Imperial .. — 02 Seg Belcher.... 04 05
Confidence — 76 Scorpion 06
Crown Point .. 16 18 Sierra Nevada. 92 93
Con New York. — Ml Silver Hill u3 06
Eureka Con — — 25 Standard 150 160
Exchequer .... 01 —'Union Con 38 39
Gould & Curry 26 28 Utah 10 n
Hale A N0r....l 50 1 551 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 10—2 p. m .
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask
U S Bonds— MEL Co 15^ isu
4s quar c0up.. 113^4 — Oakland Gas .. M 56S
4s <juar reg..H2% — Pac Gas Imp.. ?3V»93%
4s quar new... 125 — Pac LCo 56% 57Vn
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 904 i 95^
Cal-st Cab 55.112Vi115 San Fran 3u _
Cal El 6s 126H — Stockton Gas. 14% —
C C Wat 55..102V4103m Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — »8H IFlrem's Fnd... — 200
E L & P 69..12S — Bank Stocks—
IP& Ch Ry65.116 119 Anglo-Cal .... 62 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. 245 247%
HC & S 5^.105 — Cal SD & T.. — 101
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd 65. .100 — Lon P & A. .130 —
Market-it 65.. 126)4— Mer Exchngo. 10 15
Do Ist M 55.115 — INev Nat 8...160 —
Nat Vln 69 Ist — 100 Savings Banks—
N C ngßy Ts.lOlVi — Ger S & L..1580 —
NRy Cal 65.. 110 111 Hum rf ft L.1050 1160
NR r Cal 65..102»4 — Mutual Say. 85 40
NPC Ry 65. 10414 — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC Ry Sb. WO — S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal R 55... — 102 Security S B 150 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Union T Co 950 —
Do 2d Is 5b. .111 111% I Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 128%130 iCalifornia ....107* —
P&O 6b 110 115 Gmry 40 .—
P& Ch Ry 6s. — 109 • Market-st .. 53 53V*
Powel!-st 65... 119 — Oak SL& H. — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 'Presidio — lv
Sac Elecßy6s. — 100 j Powder—
S F & N P 55.107H107V4 California ....107% —
SPof Ar 69..102V3 — IE Dynamite .. — 90
8 P Cal 65. ...110 — IGiant Con Co. 42V4 43
SPC Is csr ss. — 9<MA Vigorlt 3% 4
S P Br fis 112 112 si ! Miscellaneous—
S V Wat r.s..UH' P l2i>V = Al Pac Assn.. 9S»i 99^4
S V Wat 4s..]o2%W27'BJGer Ld Wks..lw 150
Stock Gas 65. .100 104 V. H C & S Co. .34% 34%
Water— Hutch S P Co. 47% 48
Contra Costa.. 64% 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mftrln Co .... 5.0 Nat Yin Co . . — 7V»
Spring Val ....100 100% Oc S Co 60 —
Gas & Electric- Pac A F Al.. IV, 2%
Cent Gaslight. 98ft — Pac Bor C 0... 95% —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6K
MORNING SESSION.
16 Contra Costa Water Co., cash 55 00
115 Giant Powder Con 42 00
10 do dp 41 57%
25 Hutchinson S. P. Co 47 62*4
25 do d 347 50
X Market Street Railway 53 121-i
JSOOO Market Street Railway Con 5s — 115 50
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 00
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 1 50
60 S F Ga» & Electric Co 95 f.2%
EE 'do do »6 60
35 Spring Valley Water Co., s 10 100 00
$3fioo Spring- Valley 4 per cent 80nd5. ...102 .5
200 Vlgorlt. Powder, b 4 4 00
200 do do bS jOO
100 do do *°°
! • Street— S-Trt.' «_S
26 Mutual Electric Light ....••.• 1 ?,? 5 n/ ,
17000 Northern Railway of Cal Os 11100
110,000 Oakland Oas Bonds, seconds 11160
AFTERNOON SESSION.
20 Alaska Packers' Asim 98 75
60 Giant Powder Con - 42 12%
100 do , do 42 25
76 do do • 42 37H
100 do do • « 42 60
60 Hawaiian Com. & Sugar Co 34 62V*
£0 Hutchinaon 8. P. Co 47 50
16 do do 47 7o
16 do do • 47 87%
40 do do 48 00
200 Oceanic P. S. Co.. 50 00
16 Pacific Gas Imp 93 io
110 do do ...... S3 50
75 S. F. Qaa & Electric Co 95 50
16Sprlng Valley Water Co 100 00
25 Vlgorlt Powder 3 87%
Stroet—
5 Bank of California 246 00
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co • 95 62%
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
H J Spanjer & w, Cal | Miss McDuncan, Cal
W C Good, S Rosa i R Cohn, Cal
A H Fredson, Tres P I Miss Howell, Chicago
W T George, Sacto I H Q Simpson, Seattle
D J Loeb, Chicago , Mrs Simpson, Seattle
W J Wllbon Jr, Cal Miss C Simpson, Seat
R Kuchter, Ogden Miss I Simpson, Seat
A Tapouce, Ogden T S C Ull, Calgary
J A Fairneld, Chicago R A Kincaid & w, Col
O Miller & w, Utah I F A McNaghten. Aust
S Waterhouse, Cal L J Metzer, Ind
T H Schaef, Cal ! C S Burdick & w, Ind
J Touhey, Sacto J B Iverson- Salinas
R B Johnson, Fresno ' H Winham, Salinas
M D Elliott. S Rosa iJ Allen &w, N V
R Raymond, Napa — Ray & w, Melbourne
G Peirano, S Jose | J W Magee, Chico
II McKenzie, Portland ! H S Rand & w, Cal
J T Burke, S Rafael F A Kauffman, Cal
M H Azhderlan, Cal ! Mrs G A Griswold, 111
S Weyland, Stockton J Miller. Vancouver
H A Dodge, L Ang N B Turner. Martinez
J D McOee &w, Cal Mrs J B Johnson, Cal
A .1 Pillsbury. Tulare Mrs S T Cochran. Or
F B London, Kan W McKay, Petaluma
H A Weed & w, Vt P Musto & w, Stktn
F R Hart. S Diego C G Lamberson & w,
M W Hart. S Diego Visalia
Mrs R H Willey, Cal iW H Hood, Metz
Miss Willey, Cal H Michaels. Alameda
R H Willey Jr. Cal E B McCord & w, Cal
C T Bryant. Cal jJ B Hoyt Jr. Cal
C F Bryant, Cal I J T Brown, Cal
M J Spanjer & w, Cal j H O Morehouse, S Jose
X F Dunlevy. Cal c Francee. Salinas
E Graham. Chico |R F Stanford. S Rosa
J R Hebbron. Salinas I
PALACE HOTEL.
E Sandoval, New Mcx C Davles, Honolulu ~
J S Ellis. Butte S N Rucker. S Jose
M Jacobs. Tacnma Mrs Goodman, Napa
O a Brown. Salt Lake H Landsberger, Ala
Mr? Sandoval, N Mcx H Reardon. St Louis
Mrs J S Ellis. Butte G Frost, Riverside
Mrs Jacobs. Tacoma H De Witt, Dayton
Mrs O Brown, S Lake j B M Hlxon, Texas
Mrs Macfarlane, Oak | Mrs Bergwin, Chcgo
Mrs L Davis, Oak W Finnell. Napa
C J Gores. Boston A M Bergwin, Chtcag
Miss Roberts, Boston j Mrs F Blees. Macon
Mrs Lander, Boston O Davles. Honolulu
N Blackstone, L Ang Baron and Baroness
T P Spiers. San Jose v Schroeder. S Rafael
F H Green. S Rafael C D Steams. V S N
C R Leech, Walnut P Kirwln. Virginia
Mrs F W Abbott. Mo j D R Kemp. London
Miss Gamble. S Louis W Thompson. Aus
H Gamble, St Louis J Besley, Australia
M Oolclschmtdt. L An C Parsons, England
W Dodge, Chicago D Melon*. Oakland
F C Lusk. Chico F McLaughlin. S Crz
J Crane. England Mrs McLaughlin, S C
F Macfarlane, Hono Miss McLaughlin, S C
Mrs F W Bliss, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J T Kelly, New York IJ Gardner. Sulsun
Mrs M Moore & s, Cal IP Hassett, Spokane
H Adams & w. Fresno W H Slaught & w.Cal
J Brown, California E J Arnold. Portland
L A McCabe, Cal M Rabaker. Mont
D Engleham. San Jse H Eggerling & w, Cal
J Corden. Calistoga I Hrrtmqulst & w, Cal
J B Maxwell, Cal |Z Buckner, Sta Rosa
R Smiley, Los Ang |L Cheatham & w, Cal
C Baxter. Madera > Mrs Walbert, Stocktn
M Rosenfield. Sta Clari
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W G Crane, Cal |B F Wright & w, Cal
A E Invle. Detroit J S Mathews, Salinas
T A "Work. Cal E W r Hale, Sacto
C G Helschal, Cal F D Cobb. Stockton
L R Boland. U S N HAM Breen, Cal
M E Harris. Oakland IF F Sharpless, Cal
F J Comwell, Petalma'T C Springer. Ont
G A Coombs. NY , W H Bailey & w. Ky
F C Baker, Portland H A Emerson. Chtcag
F J Kelley. w & c, IlllE E Goodlander, Term
Mrs S Aucher. Cal I C L Knobe. Chicago
L Uher. Chicago ' J Hunt. Sacto
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, IS9B.
6
13
Mo
14
Tu.
1
6
15
22
We Th.
2 3
B 10
16 17
23 24
Ft
4
11
18
5
a
19
Moon's Phase*
Full Moon,
©Full Moon.
Feb H. _
.^•Last Quarter
V& Feb. U.
j>~^ New Moon,
W Feb. 20.
-m First Quarter,
I JP. Feb. 2S.
1211 21
; 28
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
w eeoi c
Walla Wa11a....
H0mer.......:.. I
Wellington
Empire..:...
Coos 8ay ..;....
Australia I
Excelsior j
Washtenaw..... |
A. Blanchard... i
Gaelic j
Willamette
Pomona !
Columoia I
Arcata
North Forte...
Umatllla
Humboldt
Mackinaw . .
Progreso
Newport
Santa Rosa. ... j
State or 0a1.. . . I
tiumooiuij
I Victoria and Puyet Snd.. .
Newport...*.
Departure Bay
Coos Bay
Newport
I Honolulu ;..
i Alaska. ;
Tacoma
San Pedro...
China and Japan
: Seattle ;..;..
San Dleg-o
I Portland
Coos Bay _
iiumDoiclt..
Victoria & Pueet Sna ..:.
Dyea......
Feb 11
Febll
Febll
Febll
Febl2
Feb 13
Feb 12
Feb 12
Feb 12
Feb 12
Feb 13
Feb U
I Feb H
Feb H
FebU
Feb 15
Feb lti
Feb 16
Feblfi
FeblG
Feb 18
Feb 18
I Feb 1»
Tacoma
Seattle
Panama
San Dleeo
I Portland
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steam kh. I
FATION
Whitelaw.. Alaska
Nat. City... Alaska
City of Bio OhinaiJapa n
State of Cal Portland
Santa Rosa | San Diego
Homer iHumboldt
Weeott iHumbldt Bay.
Coos Bay. . I Newport.
A Blanchrti i Alaska
texceislor.J Alaska
Walla Wlla Vie & P Souna
Arcata Coos Bay
Pomona.... San Diego
Columbia.. Portland
Zealandia. . Honolulu
Humboldt.. l Alaska
City of Para ! Panama
Feb 12 ipier 16
Feb 12, 4pm Pier 2
Feb 12. Ipm| PM S3
Feb 12. 10 AM Pier 24
Feb Vi, 11 am Pier 11
Feb 18. 10 am I Pier »
Feb 14. 9 am Pier IS
Feb U. t) am Pier 11
Feb 14,10 A.MiPler 13
I Feb 15, 1> Ml Pier 3
[Feb 15, 10 am Pier 9
Feb 15, 10 am Pier IS
Feb 16. 11 am Pier 11
Fob 17. 10 am Pier 24
Feb 17, 10 am i Pier 7
Feb 17
Feb 18. 12 mIPM SS
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and tow
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY-1898.
Friday, February 11.
Sun rises 7:03
Sun sets 5:45
Moon rises ll:ltf p m
Time
Time!
I Feet
» •■..-. '
m
>i 4
Ml
. NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides , are given in the ; left
hand column and the successive tides of the
oay in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second ; time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the | last or right . hand . column gives th«
last tide of th * day, except when there are but
toree tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
riven are additions to the «""»<«"?' "£<£&
United . States Coast Survey charts. «W|
when a minus sign (-) precedes^ «£ h ™£ ™;
then the number given fs subtract^* "*»» "*•
depth given by ; the charts. ■ '. ■ - _____
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch or the Umt-U State- Hydroeraphla
Of nee. located in the Merchants', Exchange. W
maintained in San Francisco for ft« **"*"_§
mariners without regard .to nationality »aa
free of expense. cordially Invited^o vWt «£
Navigators are cordially Invited to vMt tha
office, where complete nets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and _ the '«••»
Information can always be obtained regarding;
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce. '»r«i».
The time ball on top of the building onjeM«
rraph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes beror*
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th y ierll j' a l "'
by telegraph signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar«
Island. Cal. _ „ „.
A notice stating wheth"- trie time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. m
published the same day by the afternoon pa
gen. and by the morning papers G fgnow»»«
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In ch*r»*.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
10. 1898.
The timo ball on Telegraph Hill was. dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of tns
12nth meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. IT., in charga.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February M-
Btmr Marlposa, Haywards, 24 days front
Sydney, via Honolulu 6% days.
Stmr Peter Jebsen. , 4 days 12 hours tat
Nanaimo.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, 20 hours from Moiw
terey and way ports.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 14 boor* front
Mendocino.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 63 hours front
San Diego and way ports.
Br ship Eclefechan, Hind. 101 days fron*
Calcutta.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 10.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Seattle; Seattle an 4
Alaska Transportation Co.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Seattle! Paclfl*
Steam Whaling Co.
Aus Ptmr Burma, Mikullclch. Nanatmo; Jn«
Rosenfeld's Sons.
SAILKP.
Thursday, February Ml :
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Seattle.
Stmr Cleone. Walvlg, Albion.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Seattle.
Ptmr Alliance, Hardwick. Seattle.
Stmr President. Nelson. Taqulna Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria an£
Port Townsend.
I Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Whal bark John and Wlntbrop. Macomber r
whaling voyage.
Schr S Danlelson, Nelson.
Pchr Helen N Klmball, Guttormaen. Eo-i
reka.
Sehr J B Leeds. Nielsen.
Schr Hera, Olsen. Seattle. I
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr La Chilena, Campbell, Fort Robs.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB— Feb 10—10 p. m.— Weathev
foggy; wind SW; velocity. 10 miles.
CHARTERS.
The schr C H Thayer loads lumber aC
Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
The Ecclefechan was chartered to loo*
wheat for Great Britain before arrival, at 33*
9d.
M I SCELL ANEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 9— Br stmr Pelican, forar
Port Gamble, for Taku, has been posted a*
missing.
SPOKEN.
Jan 25— Lat 25 14 S. lon* 36 W, Br ship Falls
of Dee, hence, Oct 23, for Queenstcwn.
Jan 15— Lat 25 20 S. long 124 20 W. Br ship
Reliance, from Spencers Gulf, for Astoria.
Jan 23— Lat 2 16 S, long 126 40 W. Br ship
Beacon Rock, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
Jan 27— Lat 3 20 N, long 128 46 "W. Br baric
Inverlyon, hence Jan 8. for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 9— Bark Wilna, ho
Jan 27; ship Invincible. Tience Jan 24; stmr
Noyo, from Dyea; bark Enoch Talbot. hence-
Jan 16.
Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Willamette. for San
I Francisco; stmr Scotia, for Dyea. Feb 10—
j Stmr Noyo. for .
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 9— Schr Vega, benco
Feb 3, for Puget Sound.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 10— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
USAL— Palled Feb 10— Stmr Newsboy, for
Fort Bragg.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 10— Schr John A
Campbell, for Port l,lakeley.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 10—Schs Daisy
Rowe. Gotama and Seven Sisters, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 9— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
HI'ENEME- Sailed Feb 10— Stmrs Jewel,
Westport and Laguna. for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 10— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Port Townsend; schr Maria ?.V
Smith, from San Pedro; stmr Westport, from*
Redondo: Ptmr Laguna, from Newport.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Feb 9, and sailed for San Fran-
COOS BAT— Sailed Feb 10— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb 10— Stmr Green
wood, for Port Los Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 10— Schr Bar
bara Hernster, hence Fen 8; schr Ida
Schnauer, hence Feb 6; stmr Newsboy, from
U*-a 1
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 10— Stmr "Willam
ette, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 10—
Ship Occidental, hence Feb 4, for Port Towns-
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE— SaiIed Dec 25— Br bark Do
minion, for San Francisco:. Jan I£— Bkta
Planter, for Honolulu. Jan 15 — Bark Sonoma,
for San Francisco. Jan 16 — ochr Robert
Searles, for Honolulu. «^_'_ „
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec 22— Bt ship Romanoff,
for Oregon. Dec 27 — Br ship Orontes, for Ore
gon. Jan B— Bar-^ Undaunted, for San Fran-
C NEWCASTLE, NSW— In port Jan 17— Br
ship Drummuir. for San Francisco; bktn Rob
ert Sudden, for Honolulu; bark Snow & Bur
gess, for San Francisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br
ship Ardencraig. for San Francisco; Br ship-
Atacama, for San Diego; Br bark Broughton,
for Fan Francisco; Bchr Carrier Dove, for
Honolulu; bktn Chas F Crocker, for Honolulu:
Br bark City of Adelaide, for San Francisco;
Br ship Crown of India, for San Francisco;
schr Defiance, for Honolulu: bark Empire, for
San Francisco; bark Gen Falrchlld. for San
Francisco: Br ship Glfford, for San Francisco;
schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu; Arg baric
Himalaya, for San Francisco; bktn Jane Ii
Stanford, for Honolulu; Haw ship John Ens,
for San Francisco: Br ship Landgale. for San
Francisco; Nic bark Leon, for San Francisco;
ship Louisiana, for San Francisco; Br baric
Mayfleld. for San Francisco; bark McNear, for
Honolulu; schr Oceania Vance, for Honolulu;
bark Palmyra, for San Francisco; Br ship
Port Logan, for San Francisco; bark Sea
King, for San Francisco; Br ship Sprtngbank,
for San Francisco; Br bark TYooUahra, for
San Diego.
HONOL^-^U— Arrived Jan 18— Br stmr
Miowera, from Victoria. Jan 19 — Haw bark
Diamond Head, from Seattle. Jan II — Br stmr
Warrimoo, from Sydney. Jan 23— Bark Mohi
can, hence Jan 11. Jan 26 — Bktn B N Castle,
hence Jan 16; Jap stmr Riojuln Maru, from '
Yokohama. Jan 251— Haw bark Manna Ala, t
hence Jan 14; ship S P Hitchcock, hence Jan
19. Jan 30— Br stmr Mogul, from Yokohama:
schr Defender, from Port Aberdeen: ship H
B Hyde, hence Jan 21. Jan 31— Bark Ceylon,
from Seattle. Feb I— Bark C D Bryant, hence
Jan 20: stmr Australia, hence Jan 25; stmr,
Peru, hence Jan 26. Feb 2— Stmr Mariposa.
from Sydney. Feb 3— Fr war ship Duguay
Trouin. from Callao.
HlLO— Arrived Jan 29— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu. hence Jan 20.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Jan 18— Haw baric Nu
uanu, for Kahului: Br stmr Miowera, for
Sydney. Jan 24— U S stmr Baltimore, for"
cruise: V S stmr Concord, for China Station.
Jan 27— Schr Robert Lewers, for San Fran
cisco: Jap stmr Riojun Maru. for Seattle. Jan
29— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for Kahului: Haw
bark Diamond Head, for Port Blakeley. Jan
10— Site Spokane, for Port Townsend; Br stmr
Mogul, for Portland. Feb I— Bark Mohican,
for San Francisco. Feb 2— Schr Aloha, for San
Francisco: bark Kate Davenport, for 'Port
Townsend: stmr Peru, for Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feh. 9— Br ship Thom
aslna McLellan. from Oregon.
KAHULUl— Arrived Jnn H-Hnw bark Nu
uanu. from Honolulu. Jan 26— Schr Allen A,
from Hilo.
Sailed Jan 29— Bktn Mary Winkleman, for
San Francisco.
SYDNEY— In port Jan 17— Br ship Annie
Thomas, for Oregon; Br ship Atacama. for
San Diego, via Newcastle. XSW: bktn Jane
L Stanford, for Honolulu, via Newcastle. N S
W: schr Oceania Vance, ror Honolulu, via
Newcastle. NSW: Br shin Port Logan, for
Pan Francisco, vl.i Newcastle, NSW: Br bark
Socotra. for San Francisco: Br b:irk Wool
lahra. for San Diego, via Newcastle. NSW
NAN A I MO— Sailed Feb 10— Ship El well, for
San Francisco.
MA NCHESTKR— Arrived Feb 9— Br ship
Thorn isana McClr-llan. from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived Feb 10— Br ship Balasore
hone* Sept 9.
HlLO— Arrived Jan 20— Sohr Eva. from Eu
reka: Haw bark Roderick ivrui. hence Jan 20
Sailed Jan 26— Haw bark Santiago, for San
Francisco. z
To sail about Feb 10— Bark Annie Johnson
for San Francisco: schr Lyman D Foster, for
Fan Francisco; schr Eva, for Kahului and San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Sailed Feb 10-Stmr Stuttgart i
for Bremen s H J
LONDON-Arrlved Feb 10-Br stmr Britan
nic, from Philadelphia. onuui
QUEEXSTOWN-Sailed Feb 10-Stmr Majes
tic, for Philadelphia.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Feb 10— Stmr Thing
vala. fm- New York .
MARSEILLES-Arrived Feb 10-Stmr Cali
fornia, from New York.
CHRISTINIANA - Arrived Feb 10— Stmr
Norge, from New York,OAKLAND WATER RATES SAFE
" The Call's "
Warning Was
Heeded.
Ordinance Passed to
Print Without
Change.
Retort Courteous That
Passed Between Gir
ard and Heit
mann.
*' There wax a time
when honest men were
elected to office in Onk.
land — when men who
worked, like myself, and
who had risible means
or support, were mem.
hers of* the Council ;
when honest men and
not hoodlum* Mere elect
ed."—Reply of Council,
man Cairard to Council
man Ileitmann in the
meeting of Oakland's
City Fathers last iii^hi.
When The Call sounded the note of
warning to the people of Oakland two
weeks ago there was every indication
that there would be a concerted effort
on the part of the two water companies
of that city to have the Council make
an increase of rates. The companies
had announced what they were pleased
to term an "agreement," and interested
parties were busy with the Council
men with arguments in favor of mak
ing a change in the existing schedule.
The Call took up the fight of the peo
ple against the water companies, and
the City Council last night passed to
print a water rate ordinance that fully
bears out The Call's position and gives
to the people the old rate while it
makes a readjustment that increases
the income to the companies from hy
drants and schools. These changes
were outlined in The Call of yesterday
WILL DEBATE
AT BERKELEY
The Fourth Annual Debate
for the Carnot Medal
To-Night.
Competitors for the Trophy Assigned
Sides and Positions in the
Contest.
BERKELEY, Feb. in.— The fourth an
nual debate between California and Stan
ford for the Cornot medal, offered in 1*95
by Baron Pierre Coubertin of Paris, will
take place at Shattuck Hall, Berkeley.
to-morrow night. The change from Stiles
Hall to Shattuck Hall was made to-day
on account of the insufficient seating ca
pacity of the former.
The drawing of names to determine on
what sides and in what order the debat
ers shall spoak, took place this evening.
A. H. Suzzallo of Stanford. C. E. Fryer
of California and Miss Anna Strunsky of
Stanford will speak on the affirmative
side in the order named. The negative
speakers will be A. J. Dannenbaum of
California, A. B. Morgan of Stanford
and George Clark of California.
The debate will be upon the question,
"BMOlved, that in the light of experi
ence further extension of the French co
lonial system would be impolitic." C. A.
Murdock, Charles P. Eella and Sheldon J.
Kellogg will act as judges.
The Carnot medal has been won twice
by a California man— in 1596 by Martin C.
Flaherty, now Instructor in English at
the university, and in lh!)7 by Harry A.
Overstreet. Last year the debate was
held at Palo Alto.
The Berkeley students expect a delega
tion of a hundred Stanford men to-mor
row and they are preparing to entertain
them in return for the cordial reception
that the Stanford people accorded a
party of visiting Berkeleyans at Palo
Alto last year.
Speaker Thomas of the Students' Con
gress to-day appointed the following
members of the various classes a commit
tee to receive the visitors: A. H. Allen
and L. M. Farish, '98; T.VV. McPherson.J.
M. Mannon and Reno Hutehinson, "JS; F.
G. Dorety and Clinton Miller, 1900, and C.
B. Cobb, 19l'l.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 10.— The funeral of Dr.
Dio Tisdale, who died last night of ty
phoid fever, will take place to-morrow at
11:3<» o'clock from the residence of his
father, corner of Oak street and Central
avenue. The remains will be cremated in
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
Cisco.
The funeral of Mrs. F. K. Krauth, wife
Df F. K. Krauth, the veteran editor, took
place this morning from her late resi
dence on Park street. It was very largely
attended. The interment took place in
Mountain "View Cemetery.
The Alameda Bimetallic Club will hold
a. meeting to-morrow evening, at which
Judge E. M. Gibson of Oakland will speak
on "The Issues for 1898," and R. E. Kel
iey will give an entertainment with his
gramophone.
There will be another game of football
on Saturday at the West End grounds
Detween the Vampires and the Wander
ers. ' '
Lincoln day will be appropriately ob
served in the public schools to-morrow.
Fathers Wyman and Hopper will hold
i mission in St. Joseph's Church, com
mencing next Sunday morning and con
:lnuing for a week.
The two youngsters, George Cohen and
Charles Beck, who stole \"S> from Mrs.
Johen and ran away, have returned
lome. They went to Stockton, where they
vasted their substance in riotous living,
jnd when their money was gone came
jack penitent. • /£_■
Nothing Too Big to Steal.
OAKLAND, Feb. 10.— The residence of
Mrs. Patterson, 271 Ninth street, was
ooted last evening. A gold watch, six
liJvr-r napkin rings, a pair of trousers and
i sewing machine were taken.
A horse and buggy belonging to George
st. Pierre were stolen this morning from
he corner of Seventh street and Broart
vay, and another belonging to J. M.
I'nughn was taken from Twentieth and |
3rush streets later, but it was afterward
•ecovered.
teception to President and Mrs. Dole.
OAKLAND, Feb. 10.— Mr. and Mrs. S.
?. Alexander have issued cards for a re
ception to be tendered President and
klrs. 8. B. Dole of the Hawaiian Isl
mdg. The event will take place Satur
lay evening. February 19. The reception
SOME ATTITUDES OF COUNCIL WHILE FIXING OAKLAND WATER RATES.
morning and are directly in line with
that for which this paper has contend
ed. It has been a right for the people
and the people have won.
When the Council met last night It
was evident that the water companies
were prepared to take advantage of
every opening in order that they might
win an increase, but the men who were
standing for the best interests of the
people were on the lookout and balked
every scheme that appeared.
At times the discussion became acri
monious and bitter, and even went to
the extent of an indulgence in person
alities, but all the while the five mem
bers who have shown their determina
tion to stand between the people and
any increase of water taxation made
such a firm stand that even those
members who were trying to make
changes were forced to _vpte for the
people, and the ordinance was passed
by a unanimous vote.
Councilman Heitmann opened the war
with an attack upon Mr. Girard by
saying that there was a time when
fools were appointed to office, but now
is to be a reunion of the many former
Hawaiian residents who now reside here.
Sudden Death of a Miner.
OAKLAND, CaL, Feb. ]o.— Charles F.
Wray died suddenly early t'.is morning <it
the Galindo Hotel during a fit of apo
plexy. The case wns not reported till late
to-day. The deceased had been subject to
fits. Last night he was Mixed with a suc
cession of them and died a few hours lat
er. Wray was a mining man 38 y.»ars of
ajre and a native of lowa. The Odd Fel
lows, of which order the deceased was a
member, will attend the funeral.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 10.— The bicycle thief
is at work In this city again. Three
wheels were reported missing yesterday
and three more to-day have disappeared.
M. iteyer, a beer-bottler, was acquitted
of selling liquor without a license. Chem
ist Cottrel of the High School testified
that the "double malt" extract had not
enough alcohol in It to intoxicate.
F. S. Page, executor of the estate of
Adelia P. Swift, has filed bis final ac
count and petition for dlstriimtion. It
shows $31,933 93 receipts and $4697 51 dis
tributed. The Young Men's Christian As
sociation of this city receives $r>oo cash.
HAVE BUILT A "BIG C."
BERKELEY, Feb. 10.— The "Senior C"
fence or bench, was built this afternoon
on the university campus, just east of
North Hall, and the members of the class
of '98 have arranged to dedicate it with
unique ceremonies to-morrow morning at !
11:15 o'clock. The "C" is practically a I
bench, three feet wide, forming an octa- |
gon, one side of which is partly- cut out, I
forming the "C," which stands for "Cali
fornia/^ It is to be a congregating place ;
for the seniors exclusively, who, when
they graduate, will turn it over to the
class of '99.
The idea of the "Senior C" was first sug
gested by a letter from ex-Football Cap- j
tain Wilfred Ransome, in which he de
scribed the famous Yale senior fence, j
Something original was wanted, so a j
"senior C" was decided upon.
The dedication exercises to-morrow
morning will consist of music by the
band, songs by a quartet, short humor- i
ous speeches and the nailing of a lucky |
horseshoe to the "C." The exercises will ,
be preceded by a rifle salute of ninety
eight shots, and will conclude with a
"clay-pipe smoker," each senior being
provided with a pipe and tobacco.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 10.— Mrs. J-iUclnda
Brown of South Berkeley is trying to
discover the identity of a bold thief who
stole an orange tree from her garden last
night.
Next Sunday afternoon the College
Y. M. C. A. will meet at Stiles Hall, in
accordance with an arrangement with the
World's Student Christian Federation, to
hold a universal day of prayer for stu
dents.
The freshman class will meet to-morrow
morning. It is understood that an effort
will bemadeto revive the annual Bourdon
celebration, which the faculty edict
against rushing threatened to do away
with.
The students of the Berkeley High
School are preparing for a minstrel show
and farce to be given in Shattuck Hall
on February 18, In aid of the athletics at
the school.
The University Graduate Club will hold
a social reunion next Saturday evening
at the residence of H. H. Dobbins, 2228
Chapel street, Berkeley.
Merrill-Robinson Wedding.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 10.— Charles W. Mer
rill, a mining man of Butte, Mont., and
Miss Claire S. Robinson, diiughter of Dr.
W. IT. Robinson of this city, were united
in marriagr- last evening ;it the residence
of the bride's parents. 2237 San Antonio
avenue. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Mr. Moody of the Baptist
church, nspistod by Rev. O. R. Dodson
of the Unitarian church. Only a few of
the intimate friends of the family were
present. The young couple have gone to
Southern California for their honeymoon,
ar.d will afterward go to Montana for the
summer.
Funeral of Judge Murphy.
Murphy of Del Norte took place from the
residence of his son, Edward J. Murphy,
719 Guerrero street, Wednesday. There
was a large gathering of the relatives
and friends of the deceased, who followed
the remains to St. Ignatius' Church,
where a solemn requiem mass was held
for the repose of his soul.
: ..i.. li.^ i.iiiiv-i iA»»v«g* proceeded j
to Mission-street wharf, whore the casket j
was placed aboard the steamer Crescent
City for transportation to Crescent City.
Del Norte County, where the Interment
will take place.
_» ♦ «
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo . Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
26c The genuine has L. B. Q. on eaca tablet. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
they were elected. Girard was on his
feet in an instant, and for a while it
looked as if there might be need of po
lice interference, but Heitmann was
satisfied to keep silent after the scoring
inflicted upon him by the indignant
champion of the people. Girard brought
forth the applause of the assembled
citizens when he said:
"Yes, and there was a time when
honest men were elected to office In
Oakland; when men who worked, like
myself, and who had visible means of
support were members of the Council;
when honest men, and not hoodlums,
were elected."
Councilman Cuvellier watched the op
position very closely, and checked ev
ery attempt to make changes in the re
port of the committee with the result
that the report was adopted as made,
and now the chances of the water com
panies getting any "joker" incorporat
ed in the ordinance are very slim in
deed.
That something of this sort will be
attempted was evidenced by a very
significant remark made by Council
DOG TRAINERS
ARE AT WAR
What the Death of the Famous
Pointer Glenbeigh Has
Brought About.
Allender and Campbell Engage in
Fisticuffs After a Warm
Debate.
Although Glenbeigh, the once famous
pointer dog. has departed to the happy
hunting: grounds, his great performances
in the field have not been forgotten by
Howard Vernon and sportsmen who have
had the pleasure of shooting over him
when he was in the land of the living.
As already stated, the dog was poi
soned in Bakorsiield just previous to the
field trials, and there were among the
Iportsmen who witnessed the trials some
who thought that the gram! old dog had
been poisoned intentionally; then again,
there were others who believed that the
dog had partaken of meat that was poi
soned purposely to destroy the coyotes
which are numerous on the plains and
that his death was purely accidental.
However, the handler of the dog Al
lender and a dog breaker named Camp
bell, with some gentlemen who take an
interest in field sports, met yesterday in
a downtown establishment and a hot
exchange of words between the dog
breakers resulted.
Allender cross-questioned Campbell re
garding his trip to Bakersfield and also
about remarks he (Campbell) had made
in reference to Allender and Glenbeigh,
which roused the Scottish blood in the
veins of Campbell, who retaliated with
a statement that If any one person had
an object in disposing of the dog in ques
tion it would be the man who is now en
gaged in looking after the interests of the
K. V. Sullivan Kennels of English setters.
At this Insinuation Allender's little
brown eyes Hashed, and bracing himself
for an attack he sent out his powerful
right, but the blow fell short by an inch
of the nasal appendage of Mr. Campbell,
but the whirr of the handler's big bunch
of fives as it cleaved the "powdered" at
mosphere could have been heard a block
away.
A famous snipe shooter, who was pres
ent when the battle was waxing hot, said
that if Allender had happened to hit
Campbell there would be no telling where
Campbell's head would have landed, as
it is said that in prime condition Allender
can strike a 400 pound blow.
Campbell, who is a giant in front of
Allender, did not dream of an attack of
the fists being made upon him, and ho
excused himself for the great loss of time
on his part in retaliating by stating that
it was a much greater surprise to him to
see Allender attempt fisticuffs than the
announcement of the death of Glenbeigh.
Friends interfered, however, before cold
Irons could be used, and the respective
handlers were ushered to places of safety.
But it is said the end has not arrived.
Campbell intends to issue a broadsword
challenge to Allender, the contest to take
place on the Farallon Islands at any time
Mr. Allender is ready for a strictly busi
ness undertaking, but then, as Mr. Alen
der has never had an opportunity of
learning how to manipulate a sword
either when mounted or on foot, the
challenge will doubtless not be accepted.
Allender wants the mitts or the raw
'uns; he believes only in the manly art
as a sportsmanlike means of self-de
fense, and Campbell will, in all proba
bility, have to practice fisticuffs if he
hopes to meet Allender on the field of
battle.
Doubtlesß the Olympic Club, which is
now reaching out for fistic. talent, will
offer "the handlers" good financial in
ducements to spat before the members.
The City Loses Its Land.
The Supreme Court decided the case of
the City and County of San Francisco
against Mrs. Ellen Grotte in her favor for
the possession of 35x12^ feet of land
which has been in litigation for some
time. This piece was originally deeded
to the city by the husband of Mrs. Grotte
previous to his death some years ago.
The trial court decided against her and
on her appeal this was reversed on the
ground that as the land in question was
homesteaded it was necessary to have
the consent of the wife to the dedication
before it could be legally done.
.■♦ . .
In the Divorce Courts.
Max Levin was granted a divorce from
Lena Levin by Judge Hebbard yesterday,
on the ground of desertion. Mamie Greict
was granted a divorce from William
man Earl after the ordinance was
passed. He reserved the right to in
troduce an amendment when the ordi
nance came up for final passage, and
when this was objected to by President
Pringle on the grounds that any amend
ment should be made now as its future
introduction might jeopardize the le
gality of the ordinance on account of
the lime necessary for publication, Earl
said: "Oh, we will fix it some way."
The general impression made by this
remark was that an attempt would be
made to throw the ordinance over the
legal time and then have it declared il
legal by the courts, but with the five
stanch friends on the floor, backed by
President Pringle with the deciding
vote, the people have nothing to fear cm
this score, and they may rest assured
that Oakland water rates will remain
aa fixed in the report of the Fire and
Water Committee.
Those upon whom the people of Oak
land enn depend are President Pringle,
Councilmen Upton, Brosnahan, Cuvel
lier, Girard and Kowe, and their solid
front will prevent any scheme from be
ing consummated which will be detri
mental to their constituents.
Following its usual custom, the Ex
aminer took up the fight after The Call
Greist. The decree was Issued on the
ground of the defendant's infidelity, and
he was ordered to pay his 'wife alimony
in the sum of $20 a month. Sierra Nevada
Sullivan whs granted a divorce, on the
ground of desertion, from her husband,
C. J. Sullivan, an Insurance agent. The
custody of the plaintiff's three sons was
awarded her, and , she was given ■ $50 ■ a
month alimony. The couple. were married
in Chtco in 18S0, and lived together until
January of last year, when a disagree
ment arnßp, and Sullivan deserted his wife.
She waited until due time had elapsed *>nd
then filed suit for divorce, and Judge
Troutt yesterday granted her application.
Anita Higuera was granted a divorce from
Adolph Higuera on the ground of willful
neglect.
BOGUS LOTTERY TICKETS.
George, Alias Thomas, TJpson Again
Arrested and a Complete Out
fit Seized.
George, alias Thomas, T'pson, the no
torious dealer and manufacturer of bogus
lottery tickets, was arrested yesterday
morning by Sergeant Donovan and posse
at his residence, 264 Clementina street
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of keeping a lottery place. The
police found a complete outfit of plates,
dies, inks and molds and a large quantity
of tickets of the various lottery com
panies, which were seized.
The police had been watching the place
for some days in the expectation that
they would capture several of the men
who bought the bogus tickets from ['j>
son, but were only successful in captur
ing one, A. C. Campbell, and lie was ar
rested for aiding and abetting a lottery.
Severn 1 tickets were found in his pockets.
Upson on February 5, 1895, was fined $2iH)
DEATH OF A PIONEER STEVEDORE.
CaDtain Thomas Young Passes Awau,
Captain Thomas Ynung of the firm of Young & Allen, pioneer stevedores of
this city, died at his residence, 418 Lombard street, fct 7 o'clock last night, after
a protracted illness, at the age of 70 years. The deceased was one of the best
known men about the water front.
Captain Young was born in Liverpool. England. He went to sea when only 14
years old and since then he has visited every port in the known world. Arriving in
San Francisco In 1850 he rested rrom blue water service and contented himself
with the command of coasting vessels on the northern route. In the emantime he
saw a good chance to make a living at the stevedore business and entered into
partnership with the late Commodore Allen, a partnership which was continued
for forty-seven years.
The deceased leaves a widow and two sons, Harry and John, to mourn his loss.
His funeral will take place from St. Francis Church this morning at 10 o'clock, at
which time a solemn high mass will be celebrated. Afterward his body wil be In
terred In Holy Cross Cemetery,
I ' " """ " ■ *
had won it for the people, and this
morning it will make its customary
blare of trumpets claiming the glory,
but, unfortunately for the Mission street
Monarch of Fakers, the people of Oak
land know that The Call had fought
and won their battle before the yellow
journal made its first move in their be
half.
The following telegrams were re
ceived by President Pringle last night:
Hon. William ■>. Pringle,
President Oakland City Conn,
cil s Congratulate you on your
brave stand for honesty and
right. ,".■- •>. ■ ■ .
cHABLBi A, Cl^l^TO^f,
Supervisor, Nun Francisco.
Hon. William «>. Prinze,
President Oakland City Coun
cil: I congratulate you on
the stand made by the Oak.
land Council on the water
question and wish you success.
JAIUES U. prelaw,
Mayor San Francisco.
and six months In the County Jail for the
same offense and in April, 1896, he was
fined $300. He was subsequently arrested
by the Federal authorities for counter
feiting.
The most sensational episode In his ca
reer was when he went to his rooms on
Howard street early In the morning of
August 22, 1593, and discovered a man
under his bed. They had a desperate
struggle and Upson was wounded by a
shot from a revolver that his opponent
used. The man proved to be John Miller,
an accomplice of Vpson. He was arrested
ami charged with burglary and assault to
murder.
HOME-MADE TWINE.
Hemp Growers Desire Becognition
Among the Merchants.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers and
Producers' Association held yesterday af
ternoon at the society's rooms In the
Mills building the question of growing
liemp and its conversion into twine occu
pied the attention of the meeting.
Horatio Heveridge. manager of the Pa
cific Coast Mining Agency, in his opening
address dwelt upon the great advantages
to the merchants of this coast should
they be enabled to procure their twine
from home-grown hemp. He stated that
there was 4(K> tons produced in California
last year; this brought 5^ cents in tho
Eastern market. From this price it was
quite evident that the growing of hemp
was a profitable investment to men upon
whose land the fiber thrived. It was
shown that there was a profit of $80 an
acre to those who had grown hemp in this
State last year. Upon the representa
tions made by those interested in the
hemp industry and also those desirous
of Investing capital In machinery to con
vert the hemp into twine, the association
will refer the matter to its committee on
promotion for consideration.
SWOONS
THREE IN
NUMBER
Tragic Events at
the Murphy Fancy
Dress Cotillon.
Dame Grundy in Clover
Ever Since Last Fri
day Evening.
Aylett Cotton and Miss Trumbo
Transgress the Rules of
Hoyle.
"LIKE A PUBLIC BALL."
Even an Angel From the Great White
Throne Would Have Got the
Glassy Orb.
A sob, a sigh, a nervous twisting to
gether of two- dainty hands and a quick
fluttering of the breath sadly indica
tive of incipient hysteria. Then her
eyes sought the exact spot where the
chandelier was suspended from the
ceiling, as if in mute appeal for par
don from above at the sacrilegious
character of what she intended to ut
ter — and then she spoke.
"Why, if a dewy-robed angel from
the base of the Great White Throne
had appeared at my ball under the
same conditions 1 would have been just
as horrified."
The speaker was Mrs. Murphy, Mrs.
S. G. Murphy, wife of the president of
the First National Bank. Her agita
tion was something touching to wit
ness. By her own confession she has
been laboring under this awful load of
woe since last Friday evening, the oc
casion »f her fancy dress cotillon in
Maple Hall at the Palace Hotel. And
she blames young Aylett Cotton for it
all, he who is distinguished from his
famous brother of the football bangs
by blond locks not quite so abundant.
Miss Trumbo, sister of the colonel,
comes into the tragedy In the role of
chief assistant to the villain.
Mrs. Murphy had laid her plans for
that cotillon with loving care for
months. It was to be the occasion when
her youngest daughter, Adelaide, who
has been carefully cultivating a becom
ing Parisian accent for many moons,
was to make her bow in the charming
role of debutante and take society at
the point of the bayonet. Portraits ga
lore illustrating dainty feminine finery
worn at various epochs in the land that
fathered the great Napoleon had been
carefully studied, and when the bud
appeared at the cotillon she was at
tired a la Francaise from her exquisite
coiffure to the tip of her neat Louis XV
slipper.
All went well, and everybody was gay
and light-hearted until the mysterious
element crept in— a careful count of
noses divulged the fact that instead of
150 persons there were just 151 present.
Mrs. Murphy was mystified, but soon
had matters explained.
Young Aylett Cotton came forward
with a young lady to introduce to the
hostess, Colonel Trumbo's sister, who is
here on a visit from Salt Lake. And
then Mrs. Murphy's orbs turned glassy.
Incidentally, her daughter fainted dead
away three times during the evening
cause unknown.
Now Mrs. Murphy Is full of words,
words, words, despite the fact that she
has already dispensed chunks of verbal
ice anent the subject to all of society's
devotees. So, as a result, Mrs. Grundy
is in clover.
Mrs. Murphy assorts that Mr. Cot
ton brought tho young lady without
first consulting the hostess, which ofr
tainly is not according to Hoyle. This
the young fellow vigorously denies,
saying that Miss Murphy herself au
thorized him to Invite Miss Trumbo.
But the hostess will not be appeased
by any such explanation, and insists
that Mr. Cotton has attended cotillons
and "fortnightlies" before, and should
know better.
"They acted Just as if they were at a
public ball or 'function.' " shf» asserts.
And if there is anything worse than
that under the sun It is impossible of
conception to the lay mind.
OF LINCOLN
His Name Will Be Honored'
by Appropriate Exer
cises.
The Children of All of the Public
Schools to * Take ■ ■ ...
Part.
Lincoln day will be celebrated by,ap
propriate exercises in all the schools to
day, and the following veterans will as
sist: ■■■ ■• ....-/ ; ■*. V . .;
Adams Cosmopolitan School— W. R. Parnell.
W. E. Lutz, : George : Hardcastle, J. ; A. Way-
m AKa»siz P*tm*ry c School-G :E. McPherson, ,
R. A. Sarle. C. L. Metealt, •J. H. Soper,
' °15ernal 'primary School— L. • Bridges, H. Bur- ;
dell, E. E. Cheever. F. Cummlngs. • _ _
Broadway Grammar School— J«.M. Bailey, J.
B. Plerpont, J. L. Boon?, L. L.' Brnmwell.
Buena Vista Primary School— George C.
Smart, C. E. Carroll, .1. W. : Westmer. R. Liv
ingston, C. A. Macomber. F. A. Bettis.
Clement Grammar School— J.M. Long, R. A.
Freidrlch, John Rush, A. J. v lmng, C. \\ .
G cieveiand Primary School-H. M. Burke, J.
E. Youngberg, J. A. Plymlre, J. C. . Currier,
F Cooper . Primary. School— H. Bardell, L. L.
Dorr. F. J. Kearney, H. C. . French, J. P.
Mo^han. _ , , „, rr TT __
Columbia Grammar School— W. H. H. Hart;
F L Turpin, R. E. Whitefl«ld, Felix McHugh.
R. P. Hollen'beck. "• . ' : T 1
Falrmount Primary School— F. J. Symmes,
R. P. Thomas, E. Willis, W. H. Lowrie. ; K. S.
Dearborn.' :. • _ ■ . '■'"'■ •' ' > ■ ;~-:; ~- : -i
Franklin ' Grammar ■ School— J. >L. Mansfield,
R H. Warfleld, J. J. Frank. J. G. ; Giesting,
a' ;C. Forsyth, C. C. Kelley, Mrs. M. Burke. •
. Fremont Primary School— F. F. Stone, C. B.
Hutchlns, ■;' H. Osgrood. G. W. i Spencer, E. H.
Richardson, E. M. Seaman. '
■ - Garfleld Primary .School— F. W. Nowlln. W.
H. Murray, J. . B. . Marvin, F. C. Ford, H.
Hauser. «•" -
Girls' High : School— W. H. L. ' Barnes, ; E.
Brooks, T. H. ' Goodman," A. D. Cutter. E. T.
Allen. E. A. Denlcke. Joseph Simonson. .
Golden Gate Primary Bchool— S. American, j L. '
L. Brown, P. "H. Merrill, 7A. .: Hoppe, .E.i C.
Weber. S. H. Roberts. -■■• ; .• -.. -- •■■•• 'i;■-.•:;;i ;■-.•:;;
Grant - Primary School— H. Boalt. Alex.
McNellli W. E. :-, McNutt, Samuel Bennett,
William Healey. - ■■: 4 ■ , . -
■ . Hamilton Grammar School — Mautner, E.
A. Bullia, C. A. SUmner, H. L. Tichnor, O«orgo
Vaughn.- .-.- r •; :. .."-•■.-■..■ "■'.* . ■ ." . ."■-■• " ■
S- Hancock . Grammar i- School— Bart Burke, C
P. v Walsh, J. J. Savllle, F. G. Misker, W. B.
Bartholow.^te^Bgß*»«»lj^S^pif^3B®»s^Kg^g
I & Harrison *; Primary. ■■ School— :E. Wilson,
AUCTION SALES.
Las Day
Off
BASIL H. PAUL'S
BONA'FIDE
AUCTION
OF
GENUINE D I if* 0
Turkish fay up
TO-DAY
FRIDAY ... . - FEBRUARY it.
At 2 and 8 p. m., at
116 SUTTER STREET,
- , Between Kearny and Montgomery.
TO-DAY ALL THE LARGE BOUKi
HARA, IRAN, SHIRAZ RUGS
; 5 AND CARPETS
WILL BE SOLD OUT FOR ANYTHING,
ICyThis sale is worth your while to attend.
FRANK BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
William Royal, R. E. Houghton, G. H. Foster,
J. M. LitchneM.
Hawthorne Primary School— Charles Jansen,
C. A. Bonestell. L,. 11. Clement, A. M. Bainl,
H. Z. Hammninl.
Hearst Grammar School— W. R. Smedberg,
A. G. Hawes, Nellie H. Bllnn. George Stone,
A. S. Magill. UeorKH W. Young.
Henry iMirant rrlmary School— E. S. Pills.
bury. A. Teal, J. W. Uorman, G. 11. Powers.
W. G. Bratton.
Lowell Hl«h Srhool-W. J. Wat son. A. S.
Winn. Charl^R G. Young, P. F. Walsh, E. C.
Wright, C. A. Hooper.
John Pwett Grammar School— John H. Rob-.
fertt, J. L. FleM. O. Kelpe, I. Onyon, A. Cres
sey.
A. ARLINGTON CONVICTED.
Passed a Fictitious Order on the
United Carriage Company, and
Must Suffer the Penalty.
A. Arlington, a man with an unenviable
reputation, and, according to the District
Attorney, a confidence operator of no
mean ability, was convicted of having ut
tered a fictitious order for the payment of
money in Judpe Wallace's court yesterday
afternoon. Arlington took a hjck rido
one night, and in payment placed in the
hands of tho agent of tho United Carriage
Company an orrior on a downtown firm
to which he signed the name of S. H.
Franks. When the order was presented
for payment it was found that It was
fictitious, and Arlington was arrested. A
strong case was presented by Prosecuting
Attorney Black, and a short timo after
the case was placed in the hands of tho
jury the prisoner was found guilty as
charged. He will be sentenced Friday.
A Medal Presented.
The members of California Garrison No.
101 of the Regular Army and Navy Re
union at their last regular meeting pre
sented Frank G. "Wisker, the commander,
who has for two successive terms filled
the presiding officer's chair with great
satisfaction, a handsome gold medal as a
token of their esteem and appreciation of
his services. The presentation was fol
lowed by v collation and speeches.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KEARJiT NT. Established
in 18.14 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
i disease wearingmtbodyandtmlnd and
; Skin Diseases. doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
('nreiiiaarniilfpd. Call or write. •
l»r. J. V. «. IKIIO.V Bex 1957. 5 an Francisco.
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
"Steamers leave Broadway wharf, ,/fesa.
San Francisco, as follows: .fcßffiEoE
• For ports in Alaska, 10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (8.C.), Port Town-
eend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, I Anacortes and
Naw Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with- com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., ■ at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka . (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m., Feb. 13, 19, 25, March 3, 8, 15,
21. 27, and every sixth day thereafter. ■ -
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. POrt'Hftrford (San Luis Obispo),' Gavt-
ota, Santa • Barbara,' Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, . East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. a. m., Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 28,
and every fourth day thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispn). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, . San Jose del
Cnbc, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Gu.iymas (Mex.) 10 a. m., March I,
April 3, and 2d nt ouch month thereafter.
The company reserves the right : to _ change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of snlUnfr.
TICKET OFFIOE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery et. ■■•■•; ■ •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts..
• a 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER 9 TO
• From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FA HP 12 First Class Inclndln* Berth
rant. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF BAILTNGB:
State of California ........Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 13, 21
Columbia.... ; Jan. 2*. Feb. ?. 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. •
• - • - 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
fMM IIIIIP S. R. AUSTRALIA.
fjHjlclE£ f°r HONOLULU only.
•C" a "* Thursday. February
y^ i-— -^. 17, at 2p. m. Special
/a-v^ i» party rates. '
§JwmSn!n&) TheSS. MARIPOSA
Q)lwllllJlllj/ v/ , ans via HONOLULU
fSTOBrllJM*'™' 1 AUCKLAND for
iy|l!pUl«T SYDNEY. Wednesday.
February 23, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. DJSPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Cqmpagaie Generais Transatlantiqas.
' - . French Line to Havre. .
■ Company's Pier ' (new). 42 , North jj<~a» .
River, foot of !orton ' st. Travelers <3IEJLI2
by -this line avoid both transit by ■««J | i *»
English railway and the aiooomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. . New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, vlft.^rla, first class $I*o.
second class 1116. -,;. _
LA 8RET AGNE. ........ Doctmber 11. 10 ft. in.
LA OASCOONE December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
La CHAMPAGNE.......... January 1. 10 ft. m.
LA 8RET AGNE...........; January 8, 10 a. m
Fox further particulars apply to ; .
A. FORGET. Agent. *
No. >, Bowling Green. New Tort .
J. F. FTJOAZI ft CO.. Agent 8. 5 Mont«onaar>|
aye., San Francisco. .. - - -
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
-:- ■ • p. m. Dally. =
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:80 P. M.
- Accommodations reserved by telephone
The only line selling through ticket* and fl»-
Ing through freight rates to all point* on u»
Valley Railroad. 6TEAMEks: :
BTEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, • J. D. PETERS. "'
HART OARRATT. CITT OF STOCKTOTf.
Telephone Main 80S CaL Nay. and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso ltiaves Pier 1 daily (Sundaj i i
•xcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturday*
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers. ■
Faro between San Francisco and Alviso. E0o:
to San Jose. 75c. , Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Norti -
First street. Ban Jo««. '- : : ? ' ■,,.--- .'.,;.'.-..t :,■'[ ..'.
FOR U. S. NAVY'YAR^ND VALLEJO.
-'-'. *•.'••" Steamer, " Monticello" ."
■ Will i lie up : to ' receive new : boiler and general
overhauling '. on " February I, ' and resume h«f
.route on March 1. .; __ BATCH BRO*
910
TODDIE WAS
NOT SO WARM
Twice Beaten to the Wire
on Favorites by Long-
Shot Conley.
Sloan Was Heartily Welcomed,
but Played in Hard
Luck.
Four Favorites Bowled Over — Our
Climate Again a Big Surprise
at Long Odds.
The swagper event of the racing sea
son is* now a thing of the past. Tod
Sloan, the conqueror of all England,
riding with a long rein but minus the
"English roll," made his appearance in
the saddle at Emeryville track yester
day.
Although the ladies broke no parasols
in their delirium of joy at seeing him
back here once more and the men for
pot to punch holes in their high hats.
Tod received a reception that must
have convinced him that he had many
friends in this far western country. The
dapper little rider had the pleasure of
throwing his leg over the back of two
favorites — Wawona and May W. — but
on both occasions was led past the win
ning post by horses piloted by "Long
shot" Conley, the ebony-hued demon.
Sloan's first mount. Wawona, the
favorite for the mile and a furlong sell-
Ing 1 run, opened up at 8 to 5, and went
back in the betting to 2 to 1. This was
from a strong play made on Adam An
drew, sending his odds down from 4 to
1 to 5 to 2. Tod was unfortunate in
getting his mount away from the post
last of the bunch, and, being compelled
to travel the overland route most of the
way, was led past the judges over two
lengths by the 30 to 1 shot. Our Cli
mate, with Conley in the saddle. The
latter is an intermittent sort of a racer
owned by Dan Honig. who has a habit
of slipping in first when no one thinks
ho has a chance. ("onley's mounts,
though, are always backed, and the
colored lad was vociferously cheered as
he returned to the stand.
It was In the final race erf the day
that Sli^an's friends expected him to
Bhine brightest. He had the mount on
that phenomenally fast morsel of speed j
May W., the Calgary bred mare. She i
was pitted against some of the most
select sprinting talent on the track,
among the lot being Tea Rose, Liber
tine, Montgomery and Peixotto. not
withstanding which fact her odds were
gradually hammered down to 6 to 5. ,
As prophesied by the wise ones, Mont
gomery and Tea Rose chased out in
front, and were all out when the stretch
was reached. Tea Rose hung on gam
est, and was still leading below the fur
long pole. Sloan now went to the bat
on the favorite, and it looked as though
Fhe might win, when Conley. on Liber
tine, came with a rush, and, despite
Sloan's furious riding, Galen Brown's
big bay won by less than a length. Tea
Rose was beaten two lengths by the
first choice for the place.
The modest smile that illuminated the
features of Conley when he first "put it
on Sloan" had now lengthened until it
resembled the main entrance to a cir
cus tent.
The attendance was much larger
than on the previous days of the week
a^id the betting far livelier. The track
had been harrowed down until it again
presented quite an even appearance,
although it was still too slow and pre
cluded a*ny fast time being hung out.
Favorites captured but two races.
The mile and a sixteenth handicap
furnished an unexpected winner in
Marplot, which colt went to the post at
odds of 4 to I. He shouldered Johnny
Woods and his So pounds, and making
all of the running vron galloping from
the favorite, Morellito, ridden by
Thorpe. Lincoln II came out for the
first time this season and finished a
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-Oakland Track-88th day of the Win
ter Meeting. Thursday, Feb. 10. 1898. Weather fine. Track fair.
57
•
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Weight.
St.
' 4 m.
:r.
I
Jockeys.
■•
560 La Mascota, 5 1
560 Moringa, 3 !
476 Erolca, 3 •
358 Draught, 4 107 6
429 Agnes Tobin, 3 90 2
345 Rockefeller, 4 1041 7
543 Oahu, 3 9O|IO
590 Himera. 3 90J11
499 St. Aißnon. r> 107 IS
42S Mrs. Shade. 4 I<* t
2?fi Sylvester. 6 107 14
564 Santa Catarina, 3.. 90113
842 Defiant, 3 X 4
494 La Fontera. 4 105112
560 Mlleslo, 3.... 95! 1
7 %
4 5
3 Vi
6 h
1 1
5 h
8 h
13%
15
11 I*4
14 5
12 3
9 4
10 h
2*l
6%
3 %
2Vi
6 2
114
7 1
8 2
11 1
15
12 1
14
10 h
13 %
9 h
4 2
4%.
2 n
3 3
5 Vi
1 %
62
7 Vi
8 %
10 %
12 4
13 1
14 1
15
11 J: V
9 1%
1 1
22
3 2
. •'. 4 %
6%
6 3
■7%
8 2
0 2
10 1
11
12
13
14
j
I
McDonald ...
Devin ........
O'Connor ....
Cameron
McNlchols. ...
jMcCreery ....
I UnPn -• X..
McCarthy ....
Louillier
T\.i.« 111-
Lnuillier'
3
8
30
30
50
60
v
30
6
8
30
10
10
8
6
5
7
7
60
30
60
100
73
7
6
100
60
20
6
12
iTuberville ...
IConley
Mooney,
Downs
Woods
ISpencer
IClawson
Time. 1:30. Winner, J. McGovern's b. m. by Imp. San Simeon-Maria F.
Won handily.
Good start.
573.
SECOND RACE— Three furlongs;
pur9e, $350.
548 Saintly 113! 2
(554) Gold Scratch 113! 3
460 Anchored 106 i I
584 M.ister Buck ttti 6
436 Rev Hooker 1121 7
... Magno 113 4
. . . Irlandaiß 113! 5
2 4
In
« m
3 %
6 2
6 1*
114
2 4
3 2
4 24
B2H
6 n
7
iwson ......
orpe
ay
»ncer
3-S 9-21
5-2 I
8 8
20 50
100 200
15 30
• •
ther
seman
ioney
• Couplpd with Magrno.
Time. :37. Winner, Atkln St Lottridge's br. c. by Imp.
start. Won easily.
574.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
purse, $4/X).
r.fis r-oda. 5 1001 2h
561 Heidelberg, 4 9SJ 5 9
ME Walter .1. 5 104! 8 5 2
661 Pleasantnn. 4 95J 8 4 h
562 Sardou. 4... IW| 6h
467 Widow .Tones. 4.... 98 4 Sn
K6l Miss Ruth. 6 971 7 7 6
5«1 George Palmer, 4... 921 9 8h
528 Fred Gardner. 8»...M6| 3 In
4 3" 2 3 2
9 9
3 h -2 ns
5% 7 H
6 1V4 C (4
2h 3 n
524 8 3
7 h 4 ns
12 IS
31% 12 Ins |H. Brown ...
9 9 2 n jWainwrlght .
2h 3% 3 2 iMcDonald ...
7 H 4 n 414 ICameron
6Vi 6 2>4 5 2 ITuberville ...
on Kh 6 IVilO'Connor 1
8 4 7 h 7 h !O-Neil
4 h Sl4 8 3 IHolmes
Ins 2 H 9 IConley
4
30
4
50
! 10 '
4
8 ■
. 8
': 3 V
4
20
6
100
10
7-2
15
7
7-2
Time. 1:"7. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by Imp-Cyrus-Rosette,
first three driving.
Good start. Won
575.
KOTRTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
and upward: purse, $500.
free
handicap;
556 Marplot. 3 X] 1 t% 15 12% 12 11 12 jj. Woods 6 4
503 Morellito. 3 107' 5 6 5 4 2 2H22 t^ 22 Thorpe 6-5 2
... Lincoln IT, 4 HK« 5% 6 51 4n 4% 3 2>4 Iciawson' .'.Wi ]0 U
K4« Myth, 4 103 4 4n 3h 4h 5 2HE2V4 4ns Spencer .... 7-2 4
(539) Garland Barr. 5 — 112 i 2 3h 2% 31 3n Sh 6H fConley ?nl
575 Thelma, a 9013 2% 4^ 6 6 6 6 iGray ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 20 15
Time, 1:48. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. c. by Imp. Rosilngton-Marjory. Good start. Won
easily.
Woods
orpe
iwson
encer
• 4
«-5 2
10 15
7-2 4
S tt-C
20 15
nley ..;...;
ay ■ — ....
17/} FIFTH RACE— One
1 C O. purse. $400.
selling;
four- year-olds and upward;
551 Our Climate, 5 1091 5
(.'62) Wawona. a 106 7
412 Mamie Scott. 6 Ml •>
4SI Sly, 4 1021 1
.'62 Hazard. I 1091 4
F,61 Adam Andrew, 4 .. 95 2
665 Paul Pry. 6 106 8
4 h ' 6 2 3 n5-
,62 6 n 6 M
62% In • 1 h
1 V, 3 2 4 2
232 n 2 2
7 7 7
3h4 n 6 1
3 2
2%
6 %
1 n
7
4 h
1 h
4*
2 V 4
' 5 2/
«%
7 -
6 li
12H 1
23
3 ns !
4h I
6* )
6 n !
7
1
[»py
Sloan .... .
Connor
iy
15
8-5
10
10
5-2
3
30
30
2
■■: 12
; !j 8
92
' 5-2
. 12
orpe
iwpnn
ylor
Time. 1:56. Winner. D. A. Honig's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bess Good start
Won first three driving. ■»<••!••.
577.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses.
v. him.
Btr.
Fin.
545 Libertine, a 105 1 ... 48 48 44 1« tConlev S •?
(475) May W, 4 104 2 ... 3 I>4 3 IV4 3H 2 2 T. 81oan " ' ' '. " ' $-5 6-5
475 Tea Rose 111, 4.... 99 3 ... Ins Ih Ins 3 4 Clawson 6 6
(r.2F,i Montgomerj'. 5 109 5 ... 2 8 2 3V4 2 2 4 4 Thorpe 7-2 13-5
565 (Olive. 6 «l 4 ... 5 1 « 6 B2 Joe Weber V. 100 sm
E36 Blarney Stone, 3. . 92 6 ... 6 5 h 510 6 J. Woods 30 60
296 Pelxotto, 5 109| * ... ... ... ... ... {Spencer 40 50
•Left.
Time, 1:14V4. Winner, J. G. Brown A Co.'« b. h. by Leonatus-Falaiee. Good start.
Woo tirst three driving.
1
2
3
5
...
4 8
3 VI,
1 ns
2 8
6 1
6
4 8
3 «4
1 h
2 34
6
5 h
4 4
3 V,
1 ns
2 2
6
6 10
1 %
2 2
3 4
4 4
6 2
6
ontey
'. 81oan
lawson
3 I
8-5 6-5
6 6
7-2 13-5
100 300
30 60
40 50
horpe I
oe Weber . .
. Woods
pencer
Wi
■;■■-•-.----. • ■ - • ■■.--■■ '•!
grood third. Myth and Garland Barr
were delicately ridden.
Fifteen started in the first event, a
neven-furlonff run, and there was no
pronounced favorite in the betting. La
Maecota. a 6 to 1 chance, with McDon
ald in the saddle, assuming first posi
tion in the stretch and at the wire won
handily from Morlnga. Eroica, played
down from 30 to 7 to 1, was a good
third.
The three-furlong scramble for mem
bers of the kindergarten division, was
an easy thing for the 9 to 20 favorite.
Raintly, ridden by Clawson. The Mid
lothian colt headed Gold Scratch when
squared away for home and won smil
ing from the Burns & Waterhouse
entry. Anchored finished a good third.
J. N'agle Burkc's mare Coda took the
mile and a furlong selling affair, third
on the card, by the narrowest of mar
gins from the 60 to 1 shot Heidelberg.
After Fred Gardner had led to the
stretch Coda and Walter J showed In
advance of the field. Slipping through
next the rail Heidelberg momentarily
held the lead opposite the saddling
paddock, but Wainwright was not of
much assistance to him and was out
finished and beaten by a nose by Harry
Brown on Coda, The winner was 9 to 2
in the ring.
TRACK ITEMS.
It is said the Pacific Coast Jockey Club has
about decided to discontinue "ladies' day" on
Wednesdays.
McDonald, who rode IjSl Mascuta, Is about
the best of the "coming" division. He has
a good seat in the saddle and uses good Judg
ment.
Owners are notified that a man will be in
attendance every day at Ingleside track operat
ing the starting gate for those trainers who
wish to school their two-year-olds.
S. B. Weems of the New York Daily Tele
gram has wired trainer Jimmy McCormick
that the family of the deceased rider, "Dare-
Devil" Fltzpatrick, have been left in actual
want. A BUDSd^ptlon has been started tor
their relief in New York, and Mr. McCormick
WM asked to see if the horsemen out this way
would contribute. Several hundred dollars
was raised in a very short time, and Jimmy
has a subscription list on which the charitably
inclined can place their name for any amount.
While many are inclined to doubt the ability
of Conley In the saddle, believing luck to be a
strong factor in his success, a well -known
turfman satd yesterday that he considered the
colored lad to be one of the strongest finisher*
he had ever seen.
The excuse made for the reversal in form
shown by Our Climate is that he does not like
a soft track. He Is a very changeable horse in
his notions, and it is just possible that on
certain days he does not.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for to-day:
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
661 Charmioa 105 : ... Anna Mayes ...105
559 Florimel 102 507 Don Gara 110
664 Lillian M 102 464 Pollock 107
562 Foremost 1"7 571 Dlabllta 102
564 Durwad 104 469 Charles A 107
458 Fannie S 105 464 Mahogany 107
572 Draught 107 136 McFarlane 107
644 Metalre 107 ; 561 Stentor 104
561 Heritage 107 661 Sea Spray 107
561 Blue Bell 105
Second — Three and a half furlongs;
Falling; two-year-olds.
571 Master Buck ..101; 654 La Condisa .... 98
... Humidity 105 | 530 Royal F%n 93
506 Wrinkles 88 554 A mol topee 98
554 E. Come 105 ... Foxey 105
515 Semicolon 103 ... Toluca 105
... Stone L 11l 554 Rainier 98
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds.
95 Hurly Burly ...105 555 Ml'lian 110
424 Attainment 100 338 Woodford Filly. 10.".
477 Dk. of York 11.105 454 Glenn Ann 105
516 Chihuahua 102 333 Yule 100
567 Socialist 102
Fourth — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
562 Mamie G '.'1 56S Roche 99
565 Serena 91 430 Argentina 107
567 Imperious M 648 Rev del Tlerra. 91
(56«)PaIomacita 107 472 Lorena II 91
571 Highland Ball.. S7 5G5 Alvln E 88
31 Nervoso 106 i 567 El Moro 82
Fifth Race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
520 Amelia F0n50..105 382 Midas 110
4 "I" Pat Murphy ...107 ... Refugee 113
544 Satyr 107 433 Don't Skip Me. 105
477 May R 102 661 Tom Anderson..
296 Plumrria 105 571 Spry Lark 103
433 Cavallo 107 3SO Sir Richard ....110
663 Lucky Star ....104 356 William OB 110
Sixth Race — furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
465 Entrata ........100 429 Royal Prize ....107
524 Forest Guard ..102 SBS Flandes 103
441 Lee Kylo (for- 325 Morana 100
merly Kylee)..lo2 476 P. A. Flnnegan.los
6C4 Kummel 105 564 Idomenus .......102
655 Melv. Burnham.los 457 Scintillate ......105
542 Contado 103 417 Little T G 100
309 Eppinger .......110 : 476 Ravalette 103
543 Midrlca 1051
TO-DflY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race — Anna Mayes, Draught, Heritage.
Second Race E. Come, Royal Fan, Humid
ity.
Third Race— Duke of York 11, Yule, Attain
ment.
Fourth Serena, Roche, Palomaclta.
Fifth — Plumeria, Refugee, Don't Skip
Me.
Sixth Race— Mldrica. Ravalette. Flandes.
— ; • ♦ ■
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordin'B Sanitarium. 614 Plne,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
THREE ROUNDS
OF FAST HITTING
Jeffries and Ryan Have
a Warm Bout in
Oakland.
What Peter Jackson Intends
Doing if He Wins His Next
Fight.
Dal pawklna Will Make Another
Trip in Quest of
Coin.
George Green and Joe Choynski are
doing the major part of their training
in the Olympic Club. Ryan and Green
are booked to fight before the National
Club on February 26, but this date
may be changed to February 24 and
Choynski and Sharkey will meet on
March 11. but doubtless they will fight
on March 10.
An athlete who has trained for many
battles and who is considered a most
successful trainer of pugilists re
marked yesterday that If he had the
handling of Green and Choynski they
would have to do the greater part of
their exercise in the open air.
"Of course they may have the pleas
ure of good company," said the speak
er, "but it is not handball playing and
bag punching in an impure atmos
phere that will fit George and Joe for
a game that will test the strength of
their lungs when they are fighting for
the long green. "A little good color
In the faces of both men is needed,
and that will not be got from the kind
of exercise they are taking. Lavigne,
Jackson, Dempsey, Fitzsimmons, etc.,
thought more ctf one good hour's ex
ercise in the open air than all the bag
punching and rope skipping they en
gaged in while exercising within
doors."
Jackson is working like a trojan at
Crolls Gardens, Alameda, and the re
port that Peter's trainer had left him.
because Jackson was cranky when In
his cups lacks confirmation.
Jackson, in a chat with Billy Kenne
dy of the Olympic Club a few days
ago, said that time will convince the
sporting pec-ple of this city whether he
is the same oid Peter of six years ago
' or a back number.
"If I am unable to uphold the title
which I now possess, viz., Champion
of England and the Australias," said
Jackson, "then I will gracefully retire
from the ring and seek some other line
of business, but if I can dispose of that
husky young fello-w Jeffries hi any
thing like good fashion, then I shall
expect recognition from Corbett or
Fitzsimmons. If 'Fitz' will not recog
nize my challenge I certainly shall
claim the heavyweight championship
of the world which Mr. Corbett can
dispute— that is, if he really wants to
fight.
In case Jeffries whips Jackson and
Sharkey disposes of Choynski, the
Olympic Club directors have stated that
they will match the heavyweight coltß,
believing that a tight between Tom and
Jim would prove to be a slasher from
start to finish. But Sharkey has prom
ised some of his nearest friends that
win or lose with Choynski he will start
for the gold fields of Alaska next
month.
Tommy Ryan Is training with Jef
fries in Oakland, and Billy Delaney is
superintending the work of both men.
A day or so ago while Jeffries and
Ryan were fitting on the gloves pre
paratory to holding a pleasant little
three-round set-to, some one suggested
that they "liven things up a bit."
"It's a go," answered Ryan quickly.
"How about it, Jeff?" mildly queried
Delaney. And big Jim blushingly re
plied: "All same to me, Billy; that's
how I will learn to hit fast."
They went at it for three rounds, and
the few people who witnessed the little
mill said that it was worth going some
distance to see. Ryan proved that he
was an exceedingly clever fellow and a
great judge of distance. He planted
his left more than once on Jeffries'
nose, but the big Los Angeles heavy
weight warmed Tommy's sides In good
fashion. Jeffries' ducking, Ryan said,
was surprisingly quick, considering the
size of the man. There was no blood
shed, although red spots on the faces
of the fighters were not indiscernible.
It is said that Hawkins is figuring on
a trip to the country, where he expects
to pick up a few golden eagles by whip
ping the champion of an interior town.
Hawkins is in hopes of getting a match
with Erne.
The organization of a new club for
the purpose of permitting and encour
aging amateur athletics was effected
I on the evening of the 9th inst. at the
temporary club rooms, located at 514
Octavia street The name of the club
will be the Jefferson Athletic Club. The
following officers will govern the or
ganization for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, J. J. Silvey; vice-president, W. J.
Burke; financial secretary, John Mc-
Ouire; recording secretary, John ri.
Kelly; treasurer, F. G. Falls; sergeant
at arms, John McCormack; captain, A.
Magnus; directors, T. Riordan, T. Wil
son, H. I. Mulcreavy, A. Eisner, W. J.
Brennan, H. B. Hilton.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
ridlng*buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret Noonan (KlrstMn) to Elizabeth
Mon-house, lot on S line of California Htreet,
137:6 \V of Broderlck, W 27:6 by S 1:17:6; gift.
Joseph M. and Fannie I). Bonacina (by S. C.
Blgelow and A. A. Smith, trustees) to John
B. Wuersching. 1488 d 154, lot on S line of Cal
j Ifornia street, 66:8 E of Lyon, E 60 by S 100
I trustees' deed; J5132.
George F. E. and Mamie R. Harrison to
i John A. Beverldge, lot on S line of Washing
ton street, 160 E of Laurel, E 40 by S 127:8$;
Patrick and Catherine McGivern to Kathe
: rlne A. McGivern, re-record of 1761 d 272, lot
! on E line of Dolores street, 86:S N of Sev-
I enteenth. N 28:9 by E 110; also commencing at
a point where the old adobe wall forming the
j S boundary of old orchard of the Mission Do
i lores Intersects the E line of Dolores street,
j N of Fourteenth, E to intersection of adobe
! wall; thence to point of beginning, being same
I as in 325 d 222; gift.
Catherine R. Parker to John W. Parker, lot
on S line of Alvarado street, 105 E of Castro,
E 25 by S 114; gift.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to John C Laws, lot on S line of
Alvarado street, 165 E of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen). E 37:8 by S US, lot 85, and W hi lot
86, Heyman Tract: $10.
Edward A. and Thomas F. McAvoy to Amer-
Sco Suaccl and Angelo Revlncenci. lot on S
line of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Montgomery
E 36 by S 57:6; $10.
William S. and Jane Phelps to Frank P.
Deering, lot on SW corner Pacific and Jones
] streets. S 60 by W 52:4; $4500.
Charles and Mary Main to Charles F. Mac
! Dermot, lot on SW corner of Eddy and Jones
i etreets, W 137:6 by S 137:6; also lot on SE cor
; ncr of Devlsadero and Fell streets, E 137:6 S
. lte:4, XW 138:8. M 165: also lot on SW corner
' of Minna and Second streets, SW 65 by SE S3;
j also lot on S line of Jackson street. 140:2 E of
I Stockton, E K):6 to W line of Stouts alley, 8
■ 64:6, W 59:5, X 54:6; also lot on S corner of
Jtryant and Tenth streets, SE 311 more or less
, to- Mission Creek. W 475:6 to Bryant, NE
S63:BV>; a 's° lot on E corner of Second and
! Tehama streets, being 200 SE of Howard. SE
I 75 by NE SO; also lot on W line of Third street
I 126 N of Harrison. N 25 by W 80; also lot on
S line of Sacramento street, 137:6 W of Dupont,
■W 137:6 by S 137:6: $10.
Charles y. MaoDermot to Flora B. MacDer
mot, same (eight descriptions); also lot on 8
line of Fell street, 1676 W of Scott. W 52:6. S
185, BE f»2:6, N 205 • also lot on 8 line of Fell
street, 166 E of Devlsadero, S 120, W 27:6. S
C 5:4, 8E 66:5 S-B, N 189 W 27:6: also lot on 8
line of Sacramento street 34:4^ W of Dupont.
W 32:7H by 8 65:9; also lot on SB line of Te
hama street, 226 NE of Becond. SK 80 by NE
60: gift.
William Osterloh to Anna Oeterloh, lot on
BE line of Perry Btreet. 300 NE of Third, NE
25 by 8E 76: *10.
Camllio Martin to Annette L. Slnsley, lot on
SB corner of Carolina and Twentieth (Napa)
streets. E 200 by 8 100 • also lot on \V line of
Wisconsin street, 200 S of Twentieth (Napa),
8 125 by W 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
filameda County.
Mary Buljea to L Scatena. lot on S line of
Hallett street, 490 E of Maple. S 155 by E 100,
being lot SS, block 6. Maxwell Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
Commercial Bank of Berkeley to John S.
Perez, lot on "\V line of Ninth street, 100 S of
Folsom. S 46:2 by \V 130, being lot 6, block 63,
Tract H. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $3W.
George M. and Ethel Sheldon to Luther M.
and F. T. Williamson, lot on E line block 1,
Central Park Tract, 100 N of Alcatraz avenue,
W 118, N 156, E 51.15. S 140.80, to beginning,
block 1, Central Park Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Muses and Sarah R. Snmuel to Jeanette El.
Merritt, lots 24, 25 and 26. block F, Sanford
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles Main to Flora B. MacDermot, lots 1
to o, 11 to 15, block 2, Map of Northern Addi
tion to Oakland, Oakland, quitclaim deed- $10.
Charles F. MacDermot to same, lots 1 to 5,
v to 10, block 2, Map of Northern Addition to
Oakland; also lots T, 8 and 9. block H, lot S,
block J, (except the NE portion conveyed to
Kmlly B. Dow, September 5, 1895): also lots
1. 3 and 12, excfpt the N half conveyed to
larkin.sun. June 1595, lots 13, 15, 16 and IS,
block K. lot 5, exi-f],t W half conveyed to E v
(.. Folger, December 17. 1593, lots 6 to 10,
Mock L. except \v half lot 9, conveyed to A. E.
Fox, September 5, 1895, lots 10, 11 and 12. block
R. lots 2, 3, 10 to 13, block S, lot 1 block T,
ots  14 to 17, block D, lots 2 and 9, block V.
«? t an<l "• block w > Revised Map Oakland
Heights, Oakland; gift.
Richard and Mary Langtry to Paul and An
nie Glud, lot on NW corner of Second and
Oak streets, W 25 by N 100, block 131, Oak
land; $10.
Richard and Minnie Sture to George H.
Hough, lot on S\V line of Twelfth street, 104
\\ of Kirkham. W 40 by S 110, being portion
Center street Home lots. Oakland: $10.
Sarah E. Savage to Mary Langtry, lot on W
line of Magnolia street, 181:6 S of Fifth, S 25
by \V i;>3:3. being lot 35. block 476, Briggs
Tract. Map 2, Oakland: $10.
Otlllo Simonton to Henry Ro..t. lot on E line
of Park street, 63.29 1-6 N from intersection
with NE line of right of way of C. P. R. R. ;
thonce N 38:0S 1-3. NE 17.92. SE 159.74, SW 99.75.
NW 19.67. N 65.53 1-3, NW 100, to beginning,
block 3, Kennedy Tract, East Oakland: $10.
Samuel C. and Annie A. Collins (by Dv Ray
Smith and Alice L. Brown, trustees) to Ade
line H. Brown. 570 d 436, lot 20. block D. Gas
kill tract, Oakland Annex, trustees' deed: $350.
Charles and Mary Main to Charles F. Mac-
Dermot, lot on SW line of county road, San
Antonio to San Leandro, at N corner tract of
J. O'Donnell. thence SW 44.77 chains, NW
9.r>!) chains, XW 10.52 chains, NE 36.3s chains,
SK 19.31 chains to beginning, Brooklyn Town
ship: $lft.
Charles F. MacDermot to Flora B. MacDer
mot. same, Brooklyn Township: gift.
H. C. Morris to Wilhella C. Lohmann (wife
of H.), lots 1 nnd. 2. block ID, Warner tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Paul C. nnd Annie Glud to Man" Langtry,
the W half of lot 16, block 11. Warner tract,
Brooklyn Township, warranty deed: $10.
James Williams to Martha A. Williams, lot
IS. i-esuhdlvislon of block ?A. Warner tract,
Brooklyn Township: gift.
Marie and Charles B. Wlntner to Paul M.
Wenther, lots 4 and 3. block 20, Warner tract,
Brooklyn Tnwnphtp: $10.
Emily E. Rnrstnw ti Jacob H. and Lena P.
Harrison, lot 23. block B, Wolf tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Thomas E. Knox and A. J. Crano to Har
rison B. Wil'lnms. lot 1. Nock ?3, Town of
Llvermorc, Murray Township: $10.
John F. Coffaney to Winifred E. Coffanpy,
47 acres bounded X hv lands of Snares, E by
the Mayhew ranch. S by Innds of George P.
Lowrie and W by county road, Irvington to
Mowrv's Station, known as road survey No.
1697, Washington Townshfp: pift.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market ami Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICER— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2326 Mission street ;,. open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHCRC'H VOTKKS.
LARKIN, 111— fl p. m.. Mr. Simpson lectures.
Mrs. Wren, tests free.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA Buena Ix.dge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- *^S*
DAY) EVENING. February 11. at 8 A
o'clock. D 5. GEO. J. HOPE. jjm.
Secretary. *3..5?
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. & A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ist degree. iTJf
C. T>. BI'XKKR, Secretary, '^r y
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tei. 5580.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, medium and mag-
netic healer, charms. 120H Geary st., rooms
2 and 3.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: el«c-
trlcian; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS papered from $2 50, and whitened from
$1 up. I'3H Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
MRS. STEWERTi~genulne "steam and cabinet
baths. 1201* Geary at., room 11.
ROOM-RENTING Bureau, room 24, Flood
building, corner of Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN~l»Test"galvanlc battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share) of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company.
327 Market st., on and after Monday. Feb-
ruary n, 1888, Transfer books will close on
Tuesday, February 15, 189S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— * EMALK.
NEAT German house girl; good cook and
laundress; 2 years last place: city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. Tele-
phone Green 721.
GERMAN, Scandinavian and Irish first-class
servants furnished promptly by J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 3iG Sutter st.
LADIES wanting housegirls, maids, second
girls, nursegirls, cooks, apply at Ladies'
1023 Market.
AMERICAN woman wants a situation In a
email family; no washing; a good plain cook;
city references; 3 years In last place; no
236 Minna st.
CAPABLE American woman wishes situation
as working housekeeper *>r aa cook for men
on ranch; references. B Liberty St., near
Valencia.
WANTED— By trustworthy woman, work In
private family; general work; good cook; $20;
<Ky or country. \2i\K Market st.
FRENCH nurse: experienced with young chil-
dren. Apply L-116U, Van Ness aye.
REFINED young girl wishes to assist In light
housework. Call 73T. Harrison st.
WOMAN wishes position to cooking and gen-
eral housework. 278 Minna st.
SINGLE woman, first-class cook, wishes place
as housekeeper or cook. 1030 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes a situa-
tlon. MRS. JESSEN, 547 Mission st.
FRENCH lady, Bpeak!ng~good English, wishes
staady work by the week with dressmaker;
fast sewer; neat hand; good operator. MRS.
PORN, 706 California st
FIRST-CLASS cook and help; understands all
kinds of cooking, English French or Ger-
man; does all kinds pastry; wishes situation.
704 Bryant st.
ELDERLY lady, experienced In the caxo of
children, cood cook, wishes position. Box
1047, Call office
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
child's nur«p; understands full charge of
children. 636V4 Jessie st.
POSITION as housekeeper by refined lady.
Call from 4 to 8 p. m. at 118 Grant aye., r. 7.
RELIABLE women want housecleanlng or
washing by the day. 1428 Broadway, nr. Polk.
POSITION wanted to read to blind person or
invalid or do teaching or act as companion.
Address C. M. A., Berkeley. Cal.
WILLING young lady wishes a position for
upstairs work and sewing. Apply Prescott
House, cor. Pacific and Kearny sts.
MANAGING housekeeper wishes a position in
family or hotel. Address box 1017, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation light house-
work or care of children under 2 years. Ap-
ply 1816 Post .«t.. lower bell.
SITUATION wanted an stenographer by young
lady. Inquire 1510 Harrison st.
YOUNG woman wants emptoyment by day,
week or month: not afraid of work. Address
or call at 1165 Howard st.
SITUATION.! WANTED- JMAL.U.
FARMERsTcoachmen, cooks and ail kinds of
mechanics furnished at snort notice by ap-
plying to J. F. CROSI3TT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employment Office;
house cleaning; tel. Grant 66. GEO. AOKI,
30 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese lestaY 20 yrsrs.i help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell at ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614»4 California st. ; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122-^i O'Farrell; tel. Davis 6os.
SITUATION wanted by young man, 20; good
caller-out and experienced on road in view
photography; desires to travel with grood
man who has view outfit for the road. Box
1068. Call office.
YOUNG married man, speaking French and
English, wants employment of any kind:
clerk, porter or Janitor; wholesale or retail
store; references. Box 1062. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; can milk and do garden. work; good
references. Box 1060, Call office.
WANTED — A position by a competent woman
to do general housework; no objection to a
short distance in the country. Call at 30S
Minna St., third floor.
GOOD French, Italian and American cook
wishes a position in a restaurant; good
workman and kitchen manager; b«st refer-
ence. 21U4 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook, speaks good
English, wants position to do cooking and
general housework. Address D. 0., box 5,
Call office, Oakland.
DRUGS — Thorough, practical graduate of
Philadelphia College of Ph.; 26; single; Ger-
man; best of references. Box 1065, Call office.
BY a young married man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061, Call.
RELIABLE man wishes situation as watch-
man or any kind of steady work; is a good
teamster. Address box 1067, Call office.
CHEF cook with his complete crew, wants
work; first-class place only; city or country.
Box 1067, Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job as porter or any kind
of work; willing to make himself generally
useful. Address S., box 14. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a Job as milk wagon
driver or milker. Address O. 8., 35 Eddy st.
BY an American man and wife, to take full
charge of a mechanics' boarding house:
country preferred : references furnished. Ad-
dress W. H. WRIGHT. 803 Railroad aye.,
Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family; good references. Ad-
dress box 7!i4. Call office.
YOUNG, sober, industrious Swede wants
work around family place; care of horses and
drive: references. Address H. H., 1434
Broadway.
SINGLE man dpslres position as porter or
any kind of work: Is handy around horses,
also with tools. Box 1037, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. Japanese, wants place
in city or country; hest references. Address
K. HOSHINO, 121 Haight st.
BOOKKEEPER— Thorough experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references. Box 1041. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS family cook (Chinese) wishes
situation. Address f-Oo Dupnnt st.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants a situation. Ad-
dress box W3.i. Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread ■wishes situa-
tion. Address 1009 Powell st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese cook and
general housework. I. M., 1917 Broadway.
YOI'NG man, living at home, desirous of at-
tending business college, wants employment
mornings and evenings or afternoons; refer-
ences. Address C. J., Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. well accustomed to care
of good horses, carriages or cows for private
family, wishes position; references. Address
C. R. C. 709 Minna st.
YOL'NG man wishes situation; family; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, chickens,
etc.; references; handy with tools. Box 1023.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS landscape gardener now ready
for engagement; private or grow flowers for
market: best references. Gardener, box 11,
Call office. Oakland.
ABSENTEES— Con'ldentlal employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees: bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024, Call office.
BAKER, reliable and well experienced, wishes
situation. Box lfltK. Call office.
MAN and wife want position in boarding-
house or hotel'; man first-class cook; wife
good housekeeper; city or country. 314 Minna
St.; upstairs.
GERMAN, middle-age, mechanic by trade,
handy with tools, speaks English well, wants
any situation. Box 983, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work; city or country; understands care of
horses, cows, garden; furnish reference. Ad-
dress J. ALLAN MACDONALD, 214 Third St.
RELIABLE and experienced German wants
situation, private family, as coachman and
gardener; thoroughly understands care horses,
gardening, milking; strictly temperate; good
references; city, Alameda or Oakland. Ad-
dreps Box 936, Call.
STEADY married man, with family, wants
work of any kind: prefers wholesale house
or nleht watchman, or driving team; can
give bonds to any amount; also first month's
salary for permanent position. Address box
966, Call office.
RELIABLE man of experience (German) wants
situation In private family as coachman and
gardener; thoroughly understands care of
linrses, gardening and milking: strictly tem-
perate; good references. Address box 889,
Call office.
TRAVELING man wants position; steady and
hard worker: can keep books; best city ref-
erences; familiar with machinery and hard-
ware. Box SMI, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., pear Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LAHKI.N' ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
GIRL, family 2. $15; girl, Vallejo, Cal., $20;
girl, Broderlck. $2u; girl, Geary, $18; girl,
Hollis. $15: girl, O'Farrell. $15; girl. Nlles.
$15; girl. Baker, $20; girl, Shasta, Cal., $25; 2
girls, McAllister. $15; gtrl. Ross Valley. $20;
girl. Ash bury, $15; girl, Washington, $25;
girl. Clayton. $13; girl, Sausalito, $20; girl,
California. $20; girl. Franklin, $25; girl,
Chestnut. $25; girl, San Lorenzo, $20; girl,
Powell, $20; 5 girls, Alameda, $20. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
WAITRESS and kitchen girl, same house, $30
and room; 3 kitchen girls, $10 to $15 and
room; middle-aged woman for kitchen work,
$1S and room; waitress for Oakland; 3 wait-
resses, city. $20 and room ; 3 young girls to
wait tnble pome, $12 to $15 and room; wait-
ress, $6 a week; 2 waitresses, $5 a week.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
2 SECOND girls, $20 each. MISS CULLEN.
320 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
CATHOLIC young woman as working house-
keeper, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, country, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL for housework, 2 In family, $20; nurse-
/ girl, $10. 721 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED ed&e basting and felling
hand on custom coats. 837 Mission st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking; good
sewer. 540 Ellis St.
WANTED— German girl for general housework
and cooking: wages $20. Apply 1125 O'Farrell.
NURSE, Grass A'alley, $25, second girl, Carson
City. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NURSE, $25; refined nurse, child 4 years, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK and laundress. $30, 2 in family. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COLORED cook, $15; French chambermaid.
$25; housework, San Jose. $20; Colusa, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
TWO refined German second girls* $25 and $20.
MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter.
REFINED young girl, light housework, $15;
Catholic girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child, $15, ranch. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERWORK, country hotel, $15 to $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK and second girl, same house, $15 and
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG girl as companion and keep house,
one lady. $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN cook, $30; no wash; good place.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
PROTESTANT second girl, across the bay. $20;
6 cooks, German style, $25 and $30; German
second girl, country, $25; 7 waitresses and
chambermaids, hotels and restaurants, $20, $6
and $7 a week; cook, small restaurant; and a
large number of girls for cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GOOD plain cook, American family, country
town, $25. Protestant preferred: laundress,
country hotel. $20; woman with child on
ranch. $20. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay at.
HELP WAN. «I>— Continued.
LAUNDRESS, city hotel, $25; 2 German cooks.
■ $25; French cook. $25: girl for upstairs work.
$20; 2 Protestant women : for general - house-
work. $20; nurseglrl, $18; girl for San Mateo,
$20- Sausallto, $20; Merced, $20; 10 girls for
general housework, $15. C. K. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st. -
10 WAITRESSES, same hotel, south, $20 and
reduced rates; 2 waitresses for same hotel,
Kern County, $20 and free fare; waitress,
arm work. San Jose. $25: 2 waitresses for
same hotel, Fresno, $20; lunch counter wait-
ress. Fresno, $G week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
COOK, $25: housegirl. $25; German second girl,
$25; 3 nursegirls. $15 to $20: a number of
housegirls at $20; chambermaid, $13; cook,
$30; houseglrl, two in family, country. $25.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
WANTED — A governess to go to Mexico; one
versed in foreign languages: $100 a month, all
expenses paid. Apply to MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st.
COOKS, chambermaids, waitresses, hall and
pantr>- Slrls at once. 1018 Washington St.,
Oakland.
GOOD home, moderate wages, two In family,
for girl (orphan preferred) or middle-aged
woman, to do housework in Berkeley. Ad-
dress box 1066. Call office.
EXPERIENCED girls for making folding
boxes and envelopes. 16 Fremont st.
NURSE girl wanted at 910 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG lady stenographer to make herself
generally useful about office; wages $10
month. Address br.x 1055. Call office.
LADY to accompani- invalid lady south as
companion; nurse employed. 313 Bush st.
LADY office cashier: lady clerk in candy shop;
good wages. 1018 Washington St., Oakland.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper: 3 years' ex-
perience at least; $40. 1018 Washington st.,
Oakland.
25 GOOD reliable girls; excellent paying posi-
tions open to-day. 101S Washington. Oakland.
HOTELS, restaurants, boarding houses, obtain
the best help. 101S Washington, Oakland.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. Apply 1525 Geary st.
WOMAN to work In kitchen. 13 Polk St.
WANTED — Young girl to learn dressmaking.
Apply MADAME RICHEY, 2116*. Van Ness.
SKIRT hands; experienced suit Baleslady. Ap-
ply the Black Goods House, 1106 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. Apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 24J1 Folsom
GIRL wanted to wash napkins; wage* $20. 517
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Operators on waists. IS First st.
NEWBAUER BROS.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 2."> c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
W ANTED— A cook. German or Scandinavian;
none other apply; must have first-class city
references and do sma}l washing. 2235 Post.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of children. Call in forenoon. 2503 California.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; German preferred. 1830 Eddy.
GOOD woman or girl to take care of child
2 years old. 25 Wpst East st.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEVI, STRAUSS & CO.. 32Vj Fremont st.
ENERGETIC woman; good worker. Call 10 to
4 at SO6 Market St., room 324.
LADY barber at 3.".2 Third St., at lady barber-
shop.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS. 32*4 Fremont.
PLAIN dress skirts, 60c; children's dresses, 25c
up. 46% Clara st.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper: one that un-
derstands chocolate and cream work. Box
8%. Call office.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARK IN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
REMOVED again— Dr. Wise, the ladies' spec-
ialist, to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc.
hale: hi. kp wa.tci).
COLORED porter, $15, board, etc. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st. •
BOY for store, age 15, $3 a week. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st.
93 WOODCHOPPERS
Come to us, select a Job to cut wood in 6 dif-
ferent counties, pine, red, oak. manzanita
wood. $1 50, $1 25 and $1 cord; 25 families
("with or without children") to cut wood,
good cabin, near a schoolhouse; 89 tie-
makers, Be, 9c and 10c each; 6 farm hands,
different places; 85 shingle and box bolt
makers; 2 choreboys, $5. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk, $8 week, city store; 8 cooks.
$25, $35; 4 dishwashers, $15 to $12; 4 waiters,
$25 and $30; boy^for a bakery, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st., phone Main SS4S.
ROBERT LINNBERG, farmer and teamster,
please report at MURRAY & READY'S. 634-
636 Clay st. Leading Employment Agents.
AMERICAN farmer and drive a milk wagon,
$20 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st. Leading Employment Agents.
ENGINEER, machinist and electrician, $60;
machinist for lathework; 3 carpenters, coun-
try, $1 50 day and found; 2 woodchoppers, $1
a tier; farmer and chop wood, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
VALET for a gentleman, must have good ref-
erences. $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS waiters for European plan
country hotel, $35 and free fare; waiter,
country hotel, south, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
ELEVATOR boy, $15. bellboy, $15, for first-
class country hotel, free fare; bellboy, hotel,
$10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
class country hotel; free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
HEAD cook, $85, broiler, $65, fry cook, $55, for
country restaurant; dishwasher, $30; kitchen
hand, $20; dishwasher, $20. for an Institu-
tion. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
FRY cook for first-class country hotel, $50 and
free fare; French or Alsatian preferred. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
WANTED— IS tiemakers, 8c to 10c. virgin tim-
ber, long Job. tools advanced; 40 woodchop-
pers, $t cord, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — S first-class quartz miners, $3 day;
2 ir.nre miners, $40 an,d board. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant second cook. $45; sec-
ond butler. $30 and found; cooks, waiters,
dishwashers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Scandinavian and wife • for gen-
tleman's country place. $35 and found. : Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. ' • . .
SECOND butler, $30. MISS CULLEN, 326 gut-
ter st. . ' v ■
YOUNG boy, wait -on ■ table and light work,
private family, $8 per month and found: no
objection •to colored ' boy. MISS CULLEN,
: 325 Sutter 5t...: . : • . . . .
THE Clerk's Exchange, 313 Bush St., will not
under any circumstances ' or ■ for any. consid-
: eration promise or guarantee situations. The
' fees paid are exclusively for advertising and
membership . privileges and are good for i one
year. We particularly request all those In-
: terested before paying fees i»- investigate
this system. We have booked 500 orders from
" leading business houses : for : help against a
membership *of 300. We employ . five city
canvassers under bonds.. We report the result
of their work dally. . The highest fees charged
do not exceed 10 cents per week; as one por-
tion of the fee Is • contingent ' and 'we • being
liable to refund 50 per cent If \we do not
succeed, members are fully protected. - Cata-
logues, fully explaining mailed on receipt of
;,", stamps. - ..;-/, ... :^iESBBBwBWHHBBBBI
TRAVELING salesman; of flee manager; book- '
keeper and cashier, with references. 1023
Market st.
TICKET.: agent; one of the best paying, posi-
{ tions ever offered. 1023 1 Market ' 5t. ... -
— '■ '■ ■ ; — '""
WANTED— First-class hatmaker; of flee boy;
cook; gardener. : 1023 Market , st. ; - \ . ■
MAN ' and • wife as manager | and I cashier of a
.. new, light and profitable cash business. 318
■ Bush: . '•';•"•-' •/ ■' ';:• .' ..' ,:' ; : .
SIX pruners, $30 and found; ranchmen, steady
: position; good wages. 313 Bush.- • .-.:
SALESMAN . for . Klondike outfitting house;
:: good salary; must.be hustler. : 313 Bush.
STEAMBOAT and railroad ticket clerk; north
; business; good references. '313 Bush. •■ ■
TWO ' junior I clerks;: wholesale grocery house ;
advanced to road If merit it; good references
required. 1018 .Washington St., Oakland. :i,ry
CITY salesman ■ for : linens and hosiery ; salary
and expenses. ; 1018 Washington st., Oakland.'
JEWELRY . traveler as a side I Una on commis-"
sion. Box 1063, Call office.
WANTED— Boy acquainted with - hardware
; business. ■ Address box 10:3, Call office. \? :~
BARBERS— Come quick; 5c business cheap; de-
5 parture Alaska. , Barber. I box 1052, Call ■ office?
B^f§^JBJh^ h st . WaK ° n^ : "^
WANTED-3 good, canvassers; call 8 a, m .
■ . Daylight Gas Lamp Co.. 1183 • Market at ; .
GOOD > barber for Saturday, $3. 623 Clay at.
v '■:'.■ •.•■.-. "A.;.. ? - .-''■ ■- ■■■v-> < i!iA«»i fc ,^-.,iH
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MEN^nd women start mail order business at
home; big money. Address, with stamp. THB
IM'NN CO., 126* Loomis St., Chicago.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1203 Valencia at.
GOOD waiter wanted at 626 Sacramento rt.
WANTED— Young tnan to learh artistic and
well paying trade; must have fair >»iiuiwrl£
Ing; a rare opportunity. HAMILTON, dox
BSS. Call office. _
WANTED— Press machinist; one who has had
wide experience on cylinder presses. Apply at
once at 215 Bay st. „
WANTED— IOO ship carpenters; good wages;
steady work. Hale & Hern Contract Com-
pany, Portland, Or. _______
WAITER wanted at Manhattan House, 525
Battery st.
WANTED— A marker and sorter; also an
operator on a shirt machine; must be up In
their business. Write to Model Steam Laun-
dry. Seattle. Wash. .
GOOD CHANCE— For sale; barber shop with
established trade; low rent; Eood location;
terms cash. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st. -
1200— BARBER shop. 2 chairs; 3 living rooms;
good location; going to Alaska. 321 San
Pablo aye.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs: also newly
furnished 3 rooms and bath; cigar an-1 laun-
dry alone pays rent._lnqulre cc ; t
15c BARBER shop for sale cheap. 32 Turk st.,
cigar stand.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 lar_«
rooms; 25c per night; $l.to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who. are citizens of th«
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become s':ch: must
be of good character anil habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be bs*
tween 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In: height.
For • further information \ apply at the re«
craltlng office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
In city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL • service Government positions — 50 ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation. Washington, P. C. .-
SAILORS and ordinary • seamen wanted a.%
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., nea»
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS" Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 2:>< to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, Branch office of The Call; want
. ads and subscriptions taken.
' LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 138V4 Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sta^
MARKET. 563>4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 23a
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 223 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c per
night; 50c to $150 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers an<t
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.; below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
4 MARKET Branch office St The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
■ J
FURNITURE WAfTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint IR2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
r^merv «t. • htfVi»«t nrtces paid. Tel. Pnvi* 71.
ROOMS WASTED.
YOUNG married couple (German), no children,
want 3 or 4 sunny rooms with bath; central
location. Box 1059, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
WANTED— S2O,OOO; centrally .located property;
assets $.".0,000. T. TV. WOODWORTH, 103
South Broadway, Los Angeles*. Cal.
j PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. ■ 109 Montgomery st.
I WE buy all kinds of second-hand tool?, stoves.'-
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market »t.
i SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
wanted; best prices; send postal. 10\0 Folsom.
I MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS. -
FULL set of teeth, $5: painless extraction: sea
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown'
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowna
$3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
""fillings, 25e up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings:
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, SOcj
> plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up; .
plates mended, $1 - up; special Inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set; extracting 50c; gas given. .
DR. GEORGE TV. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer .of painless .extraction and
patentee of improved bridge ' work or teeth,
without plate, moved from 6 to. 20 O'Farrell.
|5— FULL set of teeth; best make: kept la
repair; extracting free; fillings. 50c; crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third st. i
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. . TEACUP.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
■ SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . .
COLTON Dental Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ■
LAST.
STOLEN— From Swanson. Bay Vlew,"s. S. F.,
bay mare; 15 hands high, very long tail and
mane; lame In left hind ankle (or hip); par-
ties receiving or having same in possession
will be vigorously prosecuted. Return to W.
F. C, 1122 York St., city.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In,
the name of LENA ROSAIA. No. 218.449.
The finder will please return' to bank. ■ ■
* BLONDE switch lost while coming from. Old
1 Louvre to Sixth and Mission. Please return
and receive reward. Address box 1015, Call.
ONE diamond earring, between 10128 . Wash- -
ington st. and ; St. Mary's Hospital. '• Finder
.will be rewarded at former address. • ,-. ;
LOST— Greyhound pup; white, with black spot-
on right ear. Return to 259 Precita aye. , and
. receive' reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and , Loan Society of San Francisco, ■ in the
name of FRANCES BOWES, No. 208,496. Th«
finder will please return tq bank.
8. P. MILEAGE ticket bet. S. F. and Stock-
ton; reward. A. S. LECKIE, 23 Davis st.
GOOD safe > for sale cheap. ; 402 Third st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ' office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads. taken. . ,
; FOUND. '
PAIR of gold spectacles. Owner will find^th*
same at SEBA Natoma st. .
• CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works;^cleans
moves ; lays carpets. ; O. H. - STEVENS Mgr
■„ 33 and : 40 Eighth _, st. ; telephone South 250
WHEN ; you become > disgusted with poor work
send to SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Caroet
_beatlng Works. KJ-47 Tehama st! ; tel. l£ 40"
C s?RATTov ai ri lat,1 at , £ per ?"*:• KtaM aTfe
_bTRATTON, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating!
alteration works. 413 McAllister Jessie 321
! A P VA S '°. E Car P et Cleaning Co"" 420 Butter"'
I _i e l-_M«UnJS4._ GEO. TVALCOM. prop. BUUer>
■ GREAT Eastern ' r, St am> '" Carpet-cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel Jessie 201*
J. E. MITCHELL" Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14tl»
_ st. : cleaning.^ 3c a yard > tel. t Mission 74. '
CONKLIN'S Carpet-boating -Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126. > "■>'^.'~»i •■• -r
.:\-:-^;'c ; S:'V^TYFlS\yi[uTEK.S.'-- " " ■-. ■ '■
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order~ *25;:»ampl«
V ••nt. -I SCOTT & BAKNAN,-. 833 Montgomery.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$450-]<aKERY, principal" streeTf baking~2 ba^ I
rels daily: mostly store trade; horse and ,
wag n. 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
. LESS. '65 Market st.
$650— PELICACIES and provision store; good [
fl U fure? : a ? not , th ° Market; handsome
«4 daily - B win f de: r,r ,* eel » ls average $18 to
£ Ic'm US trlal to P rove lt - owner
fet.ing : M. LESS. 765 Market st.
* <>RNER grocery and bar; best part of
Ihn tk« i g , c . tOCk: fine nxtu^s: i 4 rooms
?."'.™ s ' A ,\ horse and wagon; owner there
Martlet? rctlrinß; great offer. M. LESS. 765
J£ '']~£. OF F? E parlor and home bakery; cozy
,la oe with good trade; 3 living rooms: rent
Marker" 61 " *"* 4 yearS M * LESS - 763
» 4^™^-<2^ aa dellc acy store; principal
street: Al business: 4 furnished rooms and
nwnv. 1 "u 1 ° nly - $1S: place U given
-«*£• ¥*"• see and be convinced. M. LESS,
•bo Market. ' '
$6 RE S ? A ANT: splendidly fitted- up: In !
one of best locations of city; big transient
and regular trade; an "Al" offer; must be
Market -iT appreciated; trial. M. LESS, 765
BUSINESS men are invited to examine into an
old - established manufacturing concern-
stock and plant complete; will easily invoice
over $2000; is offered for sale for less than
invoice value; technical knowledge not re-
quired: any one of ordinary business ability
can manage the concern: satistactory reasons
for gelling. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
Coffee saloon and chophouse: principal '
streets; central: neat place: monthly receipts
from $900 to $1000; trial. M. LESS. 763 Market ,
$950— RESTAURANT and chop house; best lo-
cation, opposite the ferries: a first-class pay-
.ing bnslness; meals 20c and above; low rent;
a rare chance and great sacrifice: owner has
to leave for Europe at once. WILKE 753
Market st.
$126— Restaurant doing good business: cause of '
selling, sickness. Address V.'ILKE & CO
753 Market j=t. '
$;00— BOARDING and livery stable, 1- block |
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses, 2 buggies, I
wagons. Ptc; rent $50: paying busi- •
ness. See WILKE. 78S Market st. •
$200— First-class branch bakery, candy and no- i
ti^n store; 3 splendid living-rooms; rent $16-
this is a bargain. WILKE. m Market st.
$160— CIGAR-STAND on Fourth Et. ; this is the
best bargain in city; no rent. WILKE, 783
Market st.
A CORNER saloon established many years in i
the very choicest location: average dally re- I
ceipts about $45; other business engagements
ccmpel owner to sacrifice. . Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE, 753 Mar-
ket st. .
$SPO — THE best paying corner saloon on water
fror.tr rent $20: a very good paying place; :
owl keeps another busineses and must sac-
rirV.-e. wilkf. 783 Market it
«$lCOf- — COFFEE and chop house; receipts daily '
$5i' i : going- to Klondike cause of sale. CUR-
RAX & CO., 30 Kearny st.
: SllfO— BUTCHER shop; going to Klondike
cause of sale. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny.
$2;'V-ReMaurant: best bargain in the city;
must stll. CURRAN & CO.. no Kearny st.
LADiES' dressmaking and tailoring
business. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$rOO— BUTCHER shop; good-paying business;
all store trade; on principal street; rare ;
chance, as the owner Is compelled to leaVe
the city. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
ARMSTRONG & CO., removed to 906
Market St., room 16, will sell or exchange
business quick for cash.
Corner grocery and bar, best locality;
bargain : $I.GOO |
. Wood. coal, feed store: good bargain.... 1.200 |
R Lodging house, 14 rooms; best location.. 300 I
Wood, coal yard and stalls to let; fine :
bargain ' . 250
And other bargains. ARMSTRONG & CO.. ,
906 Market Et.
JI2OO— WOOD, coal, feed store: good bargain.
J7'X> — Saloon, best location in city.
$300— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition. 1
• KEO— Coal oil route; well established.
$123 — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market st.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the Russ House, rooms 64 and 65; he has
pisiness for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Come see "Wan. !
Pring your pisiness with you, sell or buy. :
WAN PELT. -_-;.'' '
ROOMING house, 20 rooms: all occupied; pay-
ing business: must sell on account of sick-
ness. 30S Tehama st., near Fourth.
WANTED — Coffee saloon or chop house: whole-
sale district preferred; no agents. Box 1064
Call office.
ESTABLISHED tailoring business 'for sale
■•.;■ CHARLES NATHAN, 27 Post st.
$?M BUYS a half Interest In paying established '
butcher shop. Box 1012. Call office.
SACRAMENTO. 2600$ - Plumbing business;
also horse and wagon; cheap.
PARTNER with $300: sure thing to make
money. Box 1056, Call office.
f SALOON for sale cheap. Inquire liquor store
795 Mission st.
$200— PARTNER wanted: light indoor business;
steady man required. Address box 10C0, Call.
CITY wagon route; paying $85 a month or no
•ale; $275 ;_ long trial given. *02% Geary st.
|150 INVESTED enables ydii to Join enterprise
now yielding 40 per cent monthly: no stock
or Klondike scheme: safe, practical. DAVID
ELOANE, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md.
FOR sale— A notion Ftore, with 5 living rooms
_ and large yard; rent $12 50. 904 Folsom st.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE, 90S
Broadway, Oakland.
GROCERS— Large space, with fixtures, suit-
able for grocer}', dairy and produce. In Pearl
Market, 1515 Howard st.; cheap rent.
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb at a
local road terminus; good bar trade, which
may be easily doubled . by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $9000-
one-half may remain at 8 per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAHRHOFFER,
,14 Third st. >
FOR sale, very cheap— First-class saloon and
wlr.ehouse on liberal conditions on account
manager having to go to Klondike to attend
to other business. Inquire and see for your-
self at 541 Clay st.
PARTNER wanted for roadhouse. and hotel;
choice; must be responsible. H., box 1018.
Call office.
PAINT shop, cheap; good locality, 1312 Van
Ness aye. Call 'at 6 p. m. .
CHANCE for man with $175 to make good
wages. 33 Third St.
CALL. Bulletin and Guide routes; about 800
subscribers. Call before "lo a. m., or after
6 p. m.. 3237 Twenty-third St., near Mission, j
PARTY to take charge of business In owner's
absence. . 606 Montgomery, room 18.
FRT'IT store with fixtures; rent cheap. 1804
Howard St.. corner Fourteenth.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant; dally receipts $40. Box 1010, Call.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
•rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR SALE— Barroom, billiard parlor, club-
■ room and cigar store; good location; good
trade. 910 Seventh St., Oakland.
FIXE furnished saloon; paying Investment;
owner going Into another business. 11l Fifth.
BRANCH bakery, 4 living rooms, cheap; rent
$15; account of sickness. . 1751 Hyde Ht.
PATENTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing." !
EDGAR TATE & CO.. Patent Solicitors. 245
Broadway, New York. ■ '. - -
$150— WANTED— Steady man; light indoor busi-
ness: $50 per month guaranteed. CURRAN,
30 Kearny at.
FAMILY liquor store; cheap; owner retiring
from business. Box 917, Call Office.
PATENTS. " "'.-.:• --. ." .
SMITH & OSBORN, Reglsfd Patent Agents;
•established 1562. 319 Pine st., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or. at 133 Third St., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. I
V.'. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
.KLONDIKE ■- "• ~~~ ~ " "-"; ~ '
Wanted— ls more men to ' go to ' Dawson
City, leaving here about , March 1 In the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad- I
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed =. on . reaching: Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms :20 and 21, Chronicle
building, , San Francisco. , 'V-^- v
DYE A or Skaffuay ticket - for sale: party
changed mind: steamer. sails on or about loth.
. Address box 1038, Call office. .
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats, SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
330 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Snbf-rlptlons nrul nds taken. •-"■'.-/ ■ :___ .
_ physicians;;?
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. " office and ; residence^
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
LODGING HOU.US FOR SALE.
21 ROOMS, on Stockton; clears $125 $1,500
i 30 rooms; dears $250; new furniture..;. 2.500
2. -room corner house; clears $150........ 1,800
14 rooms, on Ellis st.; make 0ffer........ 650
1 -room flat, on Geary- st ...;... 300
M r.<oms; rent $75; line 1,100
22 rooms; offices; clears $300 a month... 2.750
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
35 ROOMS, nil rented . (corner house), $2000;
part cash. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt. '
15 rooms, rent $3.".. only $275
25 rooms, rent $75. central, payments .1.200
26 rooms, finest of furniture, part ca5h..........
3o rooms, rent $100, part ca5h............:... 1000
43 rooms, rent $100, clears $130 1700
45-room hotel, central, elegant 4000
46 rooms, part cash, must gp.... 4500
50 rooms, exchange for property ....... 3500
125 rooms, rent $120. this Is a snap ... ..
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
PAYING 80-rocm lodging-house in the
city; make offer; no trlflers. 402V4 Geary Bt.
FOR sale— Furnished 16-room lodging-house,
In good order. 136 Sixth st.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Good chance to
make money; SO rooms; rent $76; terms half
cash, balance monthly payments. " '
PRIVATE rooming house. 12 rooms; nil rented;
cheap for cash. Address box 991, Call office.
FOR SALE— Coso lodging house; 115 rooms. 411
Sansome Et.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
7S YARDS carpet, good as new, for three
rooms; couch, folding crib, agate ware, etc.
Box 1036, Call office.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
A ? Y Person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from • us- at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $6. $7. $S. $3.
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool. in-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
t>e exchanged for a Stelnwr.y without sacri-
fice SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Polers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
great of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
WE are offering two beautiful walnut Chlck-
• erlng upright second pianos at immense bar-
gains; also fine upright, slightly used, for
$180. BENJ. CT'RTAZ ft SON. 16 to 20O ; Far-
_rell St.. sole agents for the Chickling piano.
MAGNIFICENT large upright piano, standard
make, almost new. will be sold this morn-
ing for one-third Its value. THE J. DEW-
ING CO., second floor Flood building. Fourth
and Market sts. "
'■■ MOVER, slightly used, $330. :
Steinway. slightly used, $275.
Chickering, second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest pricr rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; improve. the opportu-
nity; agency famous Haines Bros. Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 Post!
BARGAINS to-day— A small English upright
$50: Decker & Son. medium size. $175; Decker
ft Son. large size. $250: new Decker & Son,
all styles at bargains. 763 Market Bt.
AT GARDNER & GLASSELI7sT2OB Post St.
you will find a large and varied stock of
pianos; prices and terms as reasonable as
any house In the city.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos, $60;
uprights, Ivers ft Pond. Decker, Steinway,
Hornung and others. 216 Post ft.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
P-rieers and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
. immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, m Market st.
$4<v_CHICKERTNG piano for sale: owner leav-
ing city. 1315 Grove St., near Baker.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE 30 O'Farrell st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st,, near Htbemla Bank. •
KINGSBURY rjpj model) Is th» piano you
want J. HARRY SCOTT. 525 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer.' 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine, ISS Kills.
HORSES.
WANTED— Fine carriage horse, good roadster;
guaranteed sound: six years: 15!* to 16 hands
H., box 2. Call office, Oakland.
HOUSE, stable nn.l grounds suitable for flor-
is f . 272". H »ward st
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale
Horan'3 Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant Bts.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pound*. 1 15 Valencia st.
BUGGIKS. wagons, horses, carts bought, oold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P NEWELL. ISO! Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. ."27 Sixth Ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. PULt-TVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGO-S AND CARRIAGES.
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap; owner has
no use for It. 22 Golden Gate aye.
1 COFFEE and spice wagon, 1 delivery wagon.
1370 Turk St. .......
WE sell, at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia ?'.s.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-spring delivery wagon, .151 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk -wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 back. 828 Harrison Ft.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 1 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
NEWFOUNDLAND dogs, trained to pull in
harness. F. BALTZER, 1313 Larkln st.
SEAMAN'S rextant: cost £12 In England;
price $20. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new; 5
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth. .
THE .. Pacific gas ' or gasoline engine, 2-horse
power, double action force pump: also 16-foot
windmill; bargain. MRS. SEVIN VINCENT,
627 Park -aye., East Oakland. ■
FRESH milch cow. 1669 Alabama st., near
Twenty-eighth. ■ "
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof. $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky. 100 proof. G years old. $22;
Al Jamaica rum. $lfi S5: extra quality port,
sherry, .'ingenca, mueoatel or Rhine wine. 2
years old. *fi EB; 4 year. $7 50; real 6 year,
$s 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year.
$22: 5 year. $24 50: Zinfandel claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; it pays to buy for each.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market St.. S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. r.27 Mission st.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer in second-
hand toojs. machinery, etc.: mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
GAS stoves for heating; one-half price: 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
P'TTMIDT. G23 Golden Gate aye.
BAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Tac, t&Z Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-30 Mission st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: alt
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: 1 Records. *5 per dor.;
Projectoseope, $100. Baclyalupl. 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
Desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. . :
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
mont market. 57< Howard st. • _.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission,' near Seventh.;
! FOR sale — Second-hand fireproof safe, ;
at. 42 Main st. .. , '
; SEWING MACHINES. '
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, ; sold, exchanged, - rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills, ;
probate. Insolvency, deeds, . damages, mort-
gages copartnership, bllls-of-sale.. patents,,
trademarks, etc.; est.'.lO yrs. «. w. HOWE,
Attorney-at-Law, . SBO Market, cor. Stockton,
private law matters/insolvency, collections;
moderate; fees: free- advice; open evenings.
McCABE, 103 Larkin.st.
ADVICE no 'I charge \ unless successful. .
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. J
■ ' - >■■ ii Plan imniD'ni f ; "j' *j T^ir "
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEPfrttTABY 11, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN 1
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN A
HOVFELL, 10 Montgomery.
HOWARD, 728%— House of 5 rooms, in good
order. Apply at 728, upstairs.
MINNA, 323ft— House of 6 sunny rooms, in
_good order. Apply 323, next door.
SACRAMRNTO, 1634 — Sun all day; new through-
out; tllo end marble lavatories, etc.; see it
nnd you will llk>- it; rent reasonable.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
rctit $12 so. 224V4 O'Farrell st
HAVES, 1632— Handsome furnished cottage, 6
rooms; bath; large yard; basement; rent rea-
sonable; no small children; cars paps door.
RINCON aye.. 15— Sunny. 4 rooms, yard, cel-
lar, $11; also flnt cheap; key grocery coiner
Rlncon aye. and Second St., near Brannan.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and #rooma; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 3876 Fifteenth St., near
polores.
KI.ATS FURNISHED.
MODERN furnished flat or part of ltT~lO9
South Park.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at The
big sale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S. Sixteenth and Mis-
sion sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 6o NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A— 3oo nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 up.
20 new fiats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN- " '
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BYINGTON, »-« rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1821 O'FarreU st.
BROADWAY, 1122 A —Choice upper sunny flat
4 rooms. $11.
CLAYTON, 574. south of Frederick— New mod-
ern flat, 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna— Elegant sunny flat,
5 rooms, bath; latest improvements.
EDDY, 1724— Modern sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent
$16.
FELL. IUR. near Devisadero— 6 sunny rooms;
atoove parlors.
FULTON. llS— Fine middle flat, 7 roomß, bath;
_near City Hall; $2S.
FIVE rooms, bath, gas; cheap. Twentieth and
Dolores sts.
FOLSOM, 1109, near Fifth— New bay-window
". light rooms; hnth: gas; tubs; $16.
OAK GROVE aye., 27— MiddU flat. G rooms;
bath, etc.. $1S; alsq 4 rooms and bath, $12.
OFARRELL. 023— Furnished basement, cheap.
_wrth_ large yard and kitchen.
SAN CARLO? aye, i."9— New bay-wlndovr flat;
cneap to good tenants.
s;:\ BNTH. 4!'i,-Bay-wlndow flat of 5 sunny
roorr.s: rent reduced.
$20— 5-room upper flat, 315 O'Farrell st., near
Mason. Apply In Grant aye.
Sl2 G&-Cheapest Bat tn city; 4 rooms and wash-
tuhs. S2O Larkin st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
ELEVENTH, 120-2. nicely furnished frc^it
rooms for housekeeping: upper flat; $12.
FIFTH. 325—2 clean, sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; front; $12; also single, $5.
FOLSOM. 974— Sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent low; also single room. "
GEARY. 111— N.'ce furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping: ulso single.
GEARY, 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; gas; coal stoves.
GOLDEN GATE. lOoO— 2 or 3 large; nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms for housekeeping, or sin-
gle; gas cook stove and free use of tele-
phone.
GROVE, 129— Nicely furnished front room and
kitchen for housekeeping, $12 per month, with
gas."
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished S-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD. Cso— Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; rent cheap; also sin-
gle room.
HOWARD. 702— Furnished room for housekeep-
ing; single. $4 and $5 per month.
HOWARD, 810— The Hanover— Two sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms $10 per month.
HOWARD. 821 — Housekeeping rooms; single,
$7; suites, $12 per month.
MARKET. IC2S— 3 rooms o<.*mplet« for house-
keeping, $12; part rent taken in board. • -
MARTHA place, 6, south, off Geary St., above
Mason — Large sunny front room for 1 or 2;
also large room for housekeeping; terms rea-
sonable.
MINNA, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with. or without housekeeping. ■-
MISSION, 1063— Sunny parlor suite; complete
for housekeeping: running water and gas.
MISSION, 1514. near Eleventh— 2 large sunny
rooms; adults; $14 a month.
MISSION, Upper floor, 3 or 4 sunny rooms,
furnished for housekeeping, In private family
of two. ."
NINTH. Complete for housekeeping; sunny
front suite; gas, grate, running water; very
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 519— Sunny basement furnished
for housekeeping.
POWELL, 509— Two ' nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
SIXTH, 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms: also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath.
SUTTER. Unfurnished alcove front room;
2 closets; grate; hot and cold water.:
TURK. 409 (Chelsea House)— Rooms, single and
en suite; gas stoves; hot water; reasonable.
WASHINGTON. 1616— 3 or 5 housekeeping
rooms; very convenient..
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 434- I ;— Sunny furnished room
with use of parlor: $3 50 month.
DELAWARE, llfil Market— Furnished single
and double rooms.. sB and $10 mo.; nice suites.
FOLSOM. j4ft— Furnished sunny rooms, $7 to $10
per month; housekeeping if desired.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite, $8 and $15 up.
FULTON, 500— Nicely furnished sunny parlor
suite; private family; piano, grate, bath, gas-
s2o per month.
GEARY, 402 — Sunny furnished rooms for gents-
s6 and $7.
GUERRERO, SE. cor. Twenty-second— Hand-
some new store for any business; rent low.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh" and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; «levator; moderate rates; families.
HAMPTON PLACE, 1, off Folsom, between
Second and Third— Sunny bay-window rooms;
yard; basewent.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 week.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 23c up.
II(H\'ARD, 989— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms. $5 per mo. up.
HOWARD, 112: i Furnished rooms In private
house (folding beds), $4 month up.
HOWARD. IMB, near Eighth- Nicely fur-
nished sunny parlor sulte'sls; also sunny
single room $8; bath.
LARKIN. S27— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LARKIN, 62". 'i— Sunny unfurnished front ' and
back parlors; bath; rent v reasonable; third
bell. __^ •..•■■■.'
LEAVENWORTH, 617— Single furnished room
$.*) per month.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large ' sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen. - ■ •• ;
MARKET, 1032— (New management); fine, clean
rooms.. $1 to $2 50 per week: transient, 25c up.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
; unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis.
MARY,- 40— Furnished ; rooms for. middle-aged
gentlemen In private family; references re-
. quired."- , ' t. ■' ■
MCALLISTER, 515— Nicely furnished single
room,- $7 per month; gas; hot and cold water.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 . Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day,' week or month.
OAK, Elegant, large, sunny furnished
■ rooms, ' $10 to $12; nice, : light > single room,
$5; bath; gas; housekeeping.
POST, 239, 3 blocks Palace Hotel ' (Bohemia)—
Sunny rooms; fine View; tourists;; elevator. ;:
POST. 001, cor. 1 Mason (The Randolph)— so bay
window parlors; smaller rooms; running wa-
ter: gas; $1 50 to $4 00 per week; $3 to $20 per
\ : month. ■ :■_.;.- ' -.■ • ■ ' . . ■ ';'-'.
POWELL; '- 203 - (The Montello)— Sunny -■ suites
- and single rooms;; reasonable;, transient. V \
POWELL, 233— New house : newly : furnished:
,. suits and single; also office rooms. ■■:'■■;_ ..■•.:
R 1: ' HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
Kmy— 100, 10c, etc: coffee and rolls free.
i ROOMS TO Continued. ;
SEVENThTiVj— furnished front room,
s XX 'per; week.' ' •.''■-..'- *-' "*■-."-'' ' > <-.: •.*;-.-.,.•
SEVENTH, Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop. .
■ SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished nnd unfurnished.
; STOCKTON. 17, European— Elegant: rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month: , baths;
• hot und cold water: transient; elevator.
BUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
1 i suite or single; terms reasonable; transient.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Furnished
i , and unfurn.: choice for offices; reasonable.
1 TAYLOR. 108— Front sunny, suite: also single
; room for gentleman. ■ • <;
; TENTH. 111. near Market— Large . front sunny
furnished rooms: stove and closet; house-
keeping If desired.
THE FLORENCE, corner Powell and Ellis—
Nice sunny suites from $1 day: single rooms
from Ho; a quiet home for families; elevator.
WASHINGTON. 1 1210. near Taylor— 4 unfurnish-
ed rooms and. bath: cheap rent. " ■-■. ■■■-
WEBSTER, 711— 2 or 3 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished: rent cheap. :/
600 BUSINESS card* printed $1; ■?5 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL, 724'^ Market st.
A i. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
: Call, in wrapper, for mailing. . / ;• .
' BOARDING AND ROOMS '
BOARDERS wanted— Limited number of
valid gentlemen may have comfortable home,
" with attendance, at reasonable . rate. Box
! 1018. Call office. -■•-■■-
BODY, -220— Sunny front . single and double
1 rooms; first-class board. $3 50. ' "ii. -:.,..;.-..<
I FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $."> per week: nice^ location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurprised. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy. ;
POWELL. .. r Large sunny corner room.
; piano: single rooms, $20 up with board.
MISSION, i:,r.\ -Elegant front room, with or
: without breakfast and dinner. ' .: ■
THIRD. 630 — Rooms and board: choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two , gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel ■ opposite
South . Park: • excellent board: terms $4." - per
month with board. Apply Central Hot-:1.
TURK. 812— Nice rooms nnd board in private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTEP or infant to board. Call or
• address ,248 Second aye., -Richmond District.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop, fixtures, complete.; , electric
light: rent cheap. 403 Dupont st.
LARGE . corner store, . with basement; rent
cheap. Corner Howard and Moss sts.:
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
ofhuslneos. St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13. St Helena. Cal. ,
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. 679, opp. Wells-Fargo's new build j
ing—Second and third floors; power available
for straw .'' works, paper box or shirt fac-
tory, etc. ■ :'--:,. ■ -
EDUCATION AL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
' keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. :
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand.- typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; : life scholar-
' ehlp. $M; ] low rntrs per week and month, t
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mm,-
, ing. ni»eh.. survey. n«say. archlt. : day & eve.;
est. 1884. ■■ VAN PER NAILLEN. 9.13 Market.
BOOKKEEPING nnd rapid calculations;: a
course , In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, !T.5 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
kVt st.: 124 positions in '9<T: MB in '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc: les-
sons. 2.V. Studio. 419 Geary St., room 12.
FTSK TEACHFiRR' AGENCY. 420 Parrott
building; 13,000 positions filled; manual free.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
. Spanish; new classes: J! mo. 109 Taylor st.
FLUTE, mnndolln. srultnr lessons; club 'Sl-
monthly.*- PROF. OARTALDI, 710 Lombard.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. f*2S Sutter st. . ...
TEJS.
TEAS,
* 20. 25, 30. 3.*.. 40. r.O per pound.
COFFEES.
- - '• 10, 15, 20, 25. . 35, 40 per pound.
SPICES,
• 10, 15. 20, 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
■-.v-'r PRETTY DISHES,
COLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES,
'"-'•■". AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
i
I MEDICAL.
ALL ladlps — C only Dr. nnd Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
i 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregulnritv: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
1 delay: .self cure sent; call or write- free-
j confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 1
City Hall aye.. coiner McAllister St., near
Leavenworth; pills. ?2.
1 ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at or.cc: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement:
best '-are nnd privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, .free, before going else-
where; regulating pills ana capsules $i
MRS- DR. WYKTH. 91S Post St., nr. Larkin!
A PROCESS that never fails t.. restore everj-
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
hß\e failed: no instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free; terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MHS. DR. DA-
LEY. 1126 Market Ft., over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their oase;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS
_pR.J>WYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physl-
[ clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In ] day; never fails-
consultation free; can be sent and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by
telephone.
SOUTH American Indian Syphilis Remedy' To
all persons suffering from syphilis I offer to
cure In all stages with a purely vegetable
remedy within thirty days or no charges-
confidential consultation frre. Address F c'
C, Haywards, Cal.
I>i:s. GOODWIN, diseases of womein* ladles^
safe, <]uicß cure guaranteed: any ailment-
maternity home; best care; skill only low
feetf: Dr. Bcnuck's Belt-cur*. K. 4m Vah'Ness.
A boon to wives and mothers— Sesrum- nrien
$1 SO. RICHARDS i- CO.. 406 Clay st '• send
2c stamp for particulars to SRguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal
ALI'i:AUS French pills, a boon to ladles with I
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure- $2 50-
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too fat*'
OSQOOp BROS., Cast Agents. Oakland, Call j
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
canes of monthly irregularities; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: capsules, $2 f,O: hours 10 to i
r, DR. and MRS. KOHL, HIS Market st
CAPSULETAB— Preventive; sure: harmless-
guaranteed or money refunded. MME MAS-
SON. ISJJ Ceury nt.
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
& Leavenworth; diseases of women, children.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ate midwife. 1709 Powell St.: tel. Red 2641.
LADIES- Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2.*>4V2 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women
MRS. DR. FUXKE. 141fi Bth st.. Alameda. '
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood
skin or private dis-. ses. s Mason st.. S. F.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household £oodn; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household t,oods, pianos; a<l-
vnticprt made: fireproof bull dine V. W.
ZEHFUSS, £40 Mission St. Tel. Mint IS2L
PERSONALS.
H. X. — Please let L. M. know something; all
almost frantic; don't delay or all will be
made public. L. M.
HERMAN— WiII ccc you Friday at 2 p. m.
L. H.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I WISH that everybody wljo should happen to
read the false statements made by a former
umbrella-maker, who styles himself a musi-
cal critic, which a certain little weekly pub-
lishes about my ability as vocal instructor
would call at my office and get the addresses
of all my pupils and inquire of their friends
and relatives as to their really wonderful im-
provement. JOS. GREVEN, Murphy build-
Ing, Market and Jones stß.
SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair,"
free; I dress hair for 2.c; good switches, $1;
finest, best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long,
$5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
EJRER. 11l Stockton St.
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary St.— Hypnotism
practically taught: diseases and habits cured.
MRS. HELEN ANDERSON. midwife and
nurse. 3J5 Fourth St., near Harrison.
QUINONIA is a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
TRUNKS moved, 2Jc. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
| heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, SI4VI. Geary.
iLECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
26c to Jl 50 per night; $1 :o to S6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths; genuine massage: Swedish movement:
. ladles, gents. OOP Market st.. room 25, 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Ban Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRTTNT. MS Clay St.. S. F.
BXJIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. lilT Market rt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. KBU-
HAUS & CO.. tailors. 113 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
.wholesale figures. .20 Pnnnome st. •"•.>■
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant,' stylish dresses.
. $5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.; rm. Sfi.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
ARRIVED! ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEPE.
HE TELLS E-V-E-U-Y-T-H-I-N-O.
He gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reedo wishes it distinctly under-
stood he accepts no fee unless you find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man, and
he will set you right. He has helped others.
He will help you. He. doesn't want your
money if he can't benefit you.
Private parlors, 236 Sutter, nr. Kearny; r. 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2p. m. • ■
MRS. PR. P. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, . present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
a ntor! by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. PR F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 120fi Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MMF PHRTKR. wonderful clairvoyant card-
rpadPr: horn donhie veil and second slpht:
dlacn^pes disease: full life refidinp: Indies RfV,
frentfsl; palm, and clairv. : sit. $1 .".n. 12S Turk.
MMF LE XORMAXHF. clairvoyant, card
reader, masrnetlc treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 T.eavenworth st.
MRS. R.AV from ChlOMfn, nnnrrnpfic healer and
enri render. If>j" itnrket St., room 17, 2d floor.
MMF. RAVKXA rrnds llfp fluently; businpss
advice; names (riven; 2"c up. !> Fourth st.
RAY FAIR, enrd render; mafrn«tic healing a
specialty. 22S Post St.. room 2.
MRS. MANDHXA. medium and palmist; re«d-
injes 2."c this week: satisfaction par'td. 2<i fith.
01,1,1K LAKE: returned from <~1hioaRo:~ 1 hioaRo: card
reader. W)n Markft ?t.. or 9 Kills, room 22.
MISS ; MKT.VILI.K. srrent clairvoyant and
water reader. S2t^ Mission: Herman spoken.
.TOPTF T.vvr.on. maenetic healer: mind read-
<r. ?23 Popt Ft., room 11. second floor.
MRS. JOHNSON, card-reader and magnetic
trca«m«nt. 118% Kills St., room 61.
MMX. TIAXSKN. palmist, card-writpr: past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MYRTT^K POTTKR — Rpturned: rardrr-.orW,
mapnetist. HSK Market ft., room 12. 2d floor.
MMP3. MOREATT. test medium, clairvoyant.
card-reader: 2.1 c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MMF STBIIiItB. cradlp to prave: future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladips. 914 O'Farrell st.
MTSS KPNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
3: mind reader and palmist.
MRP. BHAFFBR. t*st and business medium:
sittings dally. ISPii Sixth it., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
; r «>*j<tr!n: never fnUx: ndvloe: help. 929 Post
BPIR.'TUAIiIS3I.
LADIES' Aid Society will Rive a' benefit Fri-
day : evening.- February 11. at ME McAllister
. ft.: Ma/lame Honta_ti« will assist; refresh-
ments and 'dancing: all invited. ;.•■::
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: cir. Tups.
Frl. eves., 10c: readings dally. 25, BOc. 108 6th.
DR. COONTVEY'S farewell phenomena seance
to-night, 25C : sittings to-day. 1104 Market St.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet
seance. 8 p. m.. 25<v; 409 Leavenworth st. i
BOOKS— Occult and spiritual at 1429 Market
Ft., office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St., room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate- writer: de-
veloping circle "Wednesday eve. lIS Haicht st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
(iifc«-.»r<v f>nil (iilvko ?1S StrvV»nTl - «t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount* at 6% per cent ; on real estate;
and 3d mortsages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture . and pianos
without removal; morttraees and legacies
bought: no delay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. -
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
: land or Alnmeda. at ' lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON>N, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14. ,■ ■. -: •■-.•,;•
ADVANCER quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low in-
terest: private: no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
$r> IP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pir.nc.!!, furniture or Ipwelry; all business
Btrlctly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOT'OAN & CO.. 230 Kenxny St.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
StoVe, MS Market st. : tel. Oreen 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval" low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLX. 402 Geary st.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal: nny amount: lowest
rates. BECKER & CO.. 328 Montgomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low interest:
perfect secrecy; prlvnte entrance: g*ntle-
maniy ns«lstnnt?. T'nclp Harris. If, Grant ay».
OO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth pt.. upstairs: strictly private: low
rates: tnl. Red 1121: established 1S6!».
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortpaufs. estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. SCS California et.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortjr. ;
nny proposition. Dryden. W, Montgomery St.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and -2d mort-*
•gages, estates, etc. r MUKPHY, 62SMkt st.
ON* pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH." 10— Most ' reliable I placer to borrow
money: diamonds nnd Jewelry. •- -' '•■
:;. , " . :. FINANCIAL. ;-.-n ; :.^
LOAN'S on ■ real estate, bonds.- etc.: '_. lowest
rates. "- McAFEE BROS.. IPS : Montgome>— gt.
;.-.■... proposals.
PROPOSALS for Woolen 'Blankets— General
Depot of the Quartermaster"* -Department,
36 New Montgomery st., San Francisco, "Cal.r
February 11. ' IS9S — Sealed proposals, 'in tripli-
, cate, will •be received .at this . office ', until 111
o'clock a. m., Pacific standard .time,- MON-
DAY, March 14. IS9R. and then opened, for
furnishing ;=- this • depot:' with . i 300 0■? Woolen
Blankets. Proposals for - delivery at : other
points will be considered. The right to ac-
cept .or " reject any •or t- all '-. proposals ? is re-
served. '>■ Preference will be given to ; articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of quality and price (Including in the
price of foreign. production and ; manufactures
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given : to articles of American '■ produc-
tion and manufacture produced on .the Pacific
Coast. " to extent 'of consumption : required by
the public service there." Blanks; and r full; In-
formation as to bidding.* specifications, etc.,
will -be furnished i by : this office ■on • applica-
tion. Em-elopes containing 1 proposals: should
- bo. - .marked » "Proposals , » for ™ Blankets.
■ JAMES M. %: MOORE. . Assistant &■ Quarter-
•. mn*tnr-Oncral,  U.I S. Army, <; Depot ■ Quar-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE residence site, fronting Buena Vista
park: best marine and laud view; large
grounds; select neighborhood; easy of access;
sheltered from winds and fog; warm belt;
southeast corner South Broderick and Buena
Vista avenue: 2 blocks from Haight and Ba-
ker. C. E. FARNL'M, 305 P-irroU building.
$3100— Part cash; artistic home; 1015 Castro,
near Twenty-third; 7 rooms and bath; beau-
tifully frescoed and finished; select neigh-
borhood; lot 25x105. S. A. BORN, owner and
builder.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; only cor-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny: terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD, cor. Shrader and Beulah
»ts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
$69.". EACH, U390 for both. 2 choice lots, 25x
120 each, ready for building; graded; street
work done; sewer in; elevated ground; fine
marine view; electric cars pass every few
minutes; east side Twelth aye.. 12f. feet
north of Clement; easy payments. $25 first
installment; located in the choicest part ot
Richmond; a splendid purefmse; exceeding-
ly cheap. Apply to W. J. GUNN, 410 Mont-
gomery st.
CHOICE business property. NW corner Mis-
sion and Spear sts.. 45:10 by 117:6; must be
disposed of. H. SCHWERIN, 546 Clay.
$2100— CALIFORNIA st., between Baker and
Lyon; lot 85X190; street accepted; cable cars
pass the property; lots in this block have
recently sold for $3500; this is a Klondike
sale. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Mont-
gomery st.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge: best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. IcEDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st.
COCNTriY tiEAIi ESTATE.
WANTED to rent— Milk 'dairy In suitable lo-
cation for shipping milk to San Francisco;
give particulars; cash rent. Address A. 8.,
box 1034, Call.
2 SMALL, ranches in Santa Cruz mountains, 7Va
mile? from Santa Cruz. Address \V. E.
FALKER, 54G Ocean St., Santa Cruz.
$5 PER acre, 160 acres- good bottom land. Coos
County; half value. CURRAN, 30 Kearny.
FOR sale— 3BB9-aere ranch at $50; crops. Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-aere fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 years old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
FIRST. KM— sli:,o; 150 acres pasture or chicken
ranch; house of 5 rooms; 3 large barns,
chicken houses, milk house; live creek
through place; plenty of wood; family orch-
ard; 40 miles from San Francisco.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Russ
House, 141 Montgomery st., S. F., Cal.
BOOK and list of cheap land fre«. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County, CaJ.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL X STATE.
BARGAIN— OnIy $2"00 each for those new~moo%
crn houses being built in Oakland; easy pay-
ments; call and see plans; money to loan.
LANE, seventh floor, room 6, Mills building,
San Francisco.
SUNNY cottage, bet. Center and Adeline st.
stations: r> rooms and bath; large lot, 60x115;
good neighborhood: modern house; price $2800;
terms to suit; Installment plan if desired.
Lnke Shore Land Co., 1070 Broadway, Oak-
lnnd.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207, with good 7-room
house; half block from station and high
schor.l: pasy terms.
$2soo- New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500: snap.
$2!>o0 — Beautiful new S-rnnm house, complete;
lnt "0x203: choice location: very easy terms.
To Clnpe fin Eptate— lo-room house: lot B0xl40;
Alameua's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12.750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain: bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of tho city.
H. T. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Pnrk st., Alameda.
AT a big bargain— l2-roOm modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda: a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet; house cost when built
$7000: now to be had at less than $6000. For
particulars inquire ■of HERMAN CORDES,
lltaj High St.. Alameda., . . ,
- -- - - ""^*^^^- 5
, BERKELEY i REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE OF O. G. MAT & CO.; ~~ "™
2138 Center st., Berkeley.
— For sale on terms to suit, c fine large
house of 7 rooms and . bath; lot 40x135; street
work done: close to electric cars, local,
churches and university: property worth $3500.
$2400— New cottase of 6. rooms and bath:
handy to cars: best of plumbing; good high
basement; convenient In every respect; lot
35x133; fruit trees and flowers; street. work
done. Call and name your terms.
NEW house of 7 rooms, all modern - improve-
ments, 2 blocks from station; all street work
done: easy terms. .TAS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. I
ORDERED by mortgagee ,to sell fine corner
lot. house of 9 rooms, " beautiful view, near
station; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.' ' • -
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
DRUG stock and fixtures '■ for ' house and lot;
pay cash difference. DECKER, 1020 Market
LEGAL NOTICES!
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine, by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, in the Croft!
mine, nev Oleta, Amador County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of * the Cambridge
mine, in Dry Creek: from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, in the Long Ravine mine, near
Spenceville, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings in Long, Ravine: and from J. W. Cum-
mins, in the Amo mine, : near Oroville. Butte
County, to deposit tailings In Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 39. Flood building,.S an Francisco,
. Cal.. on February 2S. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
T>. P. Foley and Nellie F. Prendergnst. 23—20.
M. Rollcheck and Parah Crompton. 21 — 19.
C. W. Crane and Ellen J. Marshall. 35—32.
J. J. Morgan and Clalr S. Mullin. 26—22.
J. M. Burrows and Ma M. Chambers, 21—17.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and . death notices sent by
.mail will not be inserted. They must be
hande-J in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BACHE— In San Jose, February 7, 1898, to the
wife of V. L. E. Bache, a son.
FROLLI— In Salinas, February 9, IS9S, to the
wife of D. Frolll. a son.
HALL— In Menlo Park. February 10, IS9S, to
the wife of H. C Hall, a daughter*
MONTELL— Tn Alameda, February 7, 1897, to
the wife of George A. Montell, a son.
MAVPENHALDER— In this city, February 4,
18W, to the wife of Frederick Maysenhalder,
a son.
PERERIE— At Greenhorn. February 7. IS9S, to
the wife of John Enos Pererle, a daughter.
SLOCOMHE— In Cayucos, February 7. 18S8. to
the Wife of S. K. Sloeombe, a daughter.
SCHICH- January 30, I*9B, to the wife of
Christian Schlch, a son.
TIPPETT— At Grans Valley. February 8. 189S,
to the wife of O. H. Tlppett, a daughter.
TOWTiTB Tn Hollister. February 4, IS9B, to
the wife of Fred Towle, a son.
' MARRIED.
RHEA— GARDINER— this city, February
9, ISSS, at the residence of the bride, by the
' Rev. :R.<* W. Reynolds, pastor of \ Holly
Park Presbyterian ; Church. Archie W. Rhea
;• and Jessie W. ■ Gardiner, both of San Fran-
( iSCO. ■ ■' ; _^__ ' " '■':■■
__ _ DIED. . .,. . —
Benzlnsky. Jacob * Loughrari, .Mrs.. A.
Burns, George E. Mo Fadden. Patrick " ;
> Barrett, Mary > - ■ Martin, Jacob
COOl»y. Mrs. Fred , Morey. Reuben -
.. Campuna."* Paul ■ : , Rusteberg, , Andrew ■
Cedley, Emma A. ._. Relnhart. Sophie ■",
' Dempsey, 7 . Catherine Reinquin, Edward L •
Frledrlchs; Maria C.Rlley. Ellen G.
Glendennlnp 1 James . ; Taylor, Mrs. l- V. ;
Garcia. Lolita Tiedale, Dr. Dio L -
Hanson (Infant) 1 . Wolf. John W. I .*
- Krauth, SM. J. S. ; Walsh, : Patrick i>
, Lowenberg,- Raphael Young, Capt. T. ;
Latham, -, Evelyn A. Younger. Sarah ,H. -,■■
BENZINSKY— In this city. February 10, isos'
Jacob B^nzinsky.; formerly -watchmaker on
. .Washington street, a native of - Hungary,
.aged 78 years. .-: -.;..• - ;• . :■■; :. . r • . .„,
: ' fCFrlends and acquaintances -are" respect-"
• fully " Invited Sto attend - the ; funeral this : day
: : (Friday), ■ at 511 o'clock,' from : the i parlors of
, Theotlor Dlerks, . . 867 , ■ Mission . street, ; and
thence: by 11:30 train .to Hills of , Eternity
for interment/. -""'^V"?" ."'. - " -•'• " v ''
BURNS— In '■ this city. February 10, ISSS. 1
Georpe Edward, only and beloved son of
James and Ella Burns, and brotfler of May
Burns, aged 8 year? 11 months and 10 days.
BARRETT— In this city. February 10. IS9S,
Mary, beloved wife of Maurice Barrett,
mother of John Joseph Barrett, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. John Casey, anil Mster of
Willie, George, John and Emma Casey, a
native of Brooklyn. N. Y.t* a«ed 3S years.
(New York papers please copy).
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February U, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. J7ti2 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
| COOLEY— Near Hornbrook, February 3, IS9S,
Mrs. Fred Cooley. ag?d US years.
, CAMPANA— In this city, February 8, 189S,
I Paul Campuna, a native of Switzerland,
I aged 26 years.
1 C^Fnenri-s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
! parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Court San
Francisco No. 7, F. of A. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CEDIEY— In South San Francisco, February 9,
IS!*', Emma A., dearly beloved wife of Bar-
ney Ccdiey, and beloved sister of Frank,
Harry, Charles and William Gasper, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, irom her late resi-
dence, 1613 Fifteenth awnue south, thence to
Al' Hallows Church, N street south, between
Fifteenth avenueand Sixteenth avenue south,
where services will be held, commencing at
10 o'clock. Funeral private.
DEMPSEY— In this city, February 9, 1893.
Catherine, beloved wife of James Dempsey,
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 70
years.
ICFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3:<67 Army street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FRIEDRICHS— In this city, February S, 1898.
Maria Catharine, dearly beloved wife ol
Henry Friedrichs, mother of Henry B. and
Willie Friedrichs, daughter of Mrs. D.
Dryer, and sister of the late R. J. Schu-
macher, a native of New York, a~ed 47 year*
and 9 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late rest*
dence, 739 Treat avenue, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first streets, thence to St. Paulua
Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner Eddy
and Gough streets, where funeral services
will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
; GLENDENNING— At Greenvlew, Scott Valley.
February 1, 1898, James Glendenning, aged 25
years.
I GARCIA— In Arroyo Grande, February 8, 1898,
Lolita, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frederico
Garcia, aged 11 years and 4 months.
•HANSON— In this city, February 10, 1898,
j male child of Henrietta Hanson, a native of
I California, aged 1 day.
j KRAUTH— In Alameda, February 8. 1898, M.
J. S.. beloved wife of F. K. Krauth Sr.. and
mother of Mrs. M. Augusta Morgan of Fern-
side, Santa Cruz County, Fred K. Jr. of Ala-
meda, Walter H of Sacramento, and Theodore
W. of Santa Cruz, a native of New York
City, aged 69 years 6 months and 8- days.
LOWENBERG— In Oakland, February 9, 1893.
Raphael I. Lowenberg, dearly beloved fath-
er of Isador Lowenberg of San Francisco
and Abraham Lowenberg, Mrs. H. Barrett
and Mrs. H*. Letter, a native of Prussia,
aged S5 years.
(ET'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. H. Letter, 1019 Clay street, Oakland.
LATHAM— In this city, February 9, 1898,
Evelyn Adelaide, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Mac Latham, grandchild of Mrs.
S. E Crowoll, and niece of Adelaide Crow-
ell nnd Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Otis, aged 4
years and 5 months. (San Jose, Saratoga,
Rochester, N. V., Portland, Me., and Los
Angeles papers please copy.)
■ t7'Fric-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services at the
home of Mr. H. 6. Otis. 2659 Sacramento
street, at 2:30 o'clock, Sunday. Interment
private.
LOUGHRAN— In Menlo Park. Cal.. February
9, ISIiH, Mrt. Anne Loughran, widow of the
late John Loughran, and mother of Mrs. H.
C. Hall, a nativeof County Roscommon, Ire-
, land, aged 81 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place thla day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence at Menlo Park, thence to the Church
of the Nativity, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
! Cross Cemetery, Menlo Park.
McFADDEX- In this city, February 9, 1898, at
Mis residence, lfiO7 Turk street. Patrick C, be-
loved husband of Catherine McFadden, aged
72 years.
iCTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funerul thin day (Friday), at 9:15
o'clock, from his late residence, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at ft:3o o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
I MCCARTHY— An . anniversary requiem masa
will be celebrated for the repose r>T the smils
of the late Denis and Mary A. McCarthy, at
St. Ignatius Church, to-morrow (Saturday),
at 9 o'clock. Friends are respectfully re-
j quested to attend.
MARTIN— In Yreka, February 3, 1898, Jacob
Martin, native of New Hampshire, aged 72
years 9 months and 3 days.
MOKEY— In Monterey, February 7, 1898, Reu-
ben Morey, a native of Canada, aged 68 years.
RUSTEBERG— In this city, February 10. 1898.
Andrew, beloved husband of the late Frederl-
ka Rusteberg, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 62 years o months and 22 days.
REINHART— In thi3 - city, February 9, 1398,
Sophie Reinhart, beloved mother of Jacob,
Charles and Abbie Rhelnhart, a native of
Buffalo, N. V., aged 6."> years.
ICTFriend'? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, troni the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
REINQUIN— In Vallejo, Cal., February 9, 189S,
Edward L., beloved husband of Margaret
Reinquin, aged 46 years.
CTThe funeral will take place Sunday,
February 13. at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Vin-
cent's Church, Vallejo.
RILEY— In this city, February 9. 1898, Ellen
G., beloved wife of John A., and mother of
Francis S. Riley, and daughter of Rose and
the late John Egar, and sister^of Mrs. Alice
Horrigan and Robert J. Egar, a native of
Australia, aged 32 years and 6 days.
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitei! to attend the funeral this day
Friday, at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, on Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Calvary Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city, February 9, 1898, Mrs.
Victoria, beloved wife of the late John Tay-
lor, and daughter of Mrs. M. J. and the
late Martin Hammersmith, a native of Al-
giers, aged 23 years.
(tTFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funoral tn-mnrrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, near Union. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
TISDALE— In Alameda, February 9. 1898, Dr\
Dlo Lewis Tlsdale. son of Dr. and Mrs. T.
P. Tisdale. a native of New YcTrk, aged 23
years 2 months and 26 dnys.
EJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from 2300 Central
avenue. Interment private, I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. San FrnnclF.cn.
WOLF— In this city, February 10, 1898, John
William, beloved husband of Margaret C.
Wolf, and father of William H., Alice M.,
Lulu E., George E., Annie M., Ralph R.
and Daniel L. Wolf, a native of Germany,
aged. 7s years 9 months and 26 days. Mem-
ber of Oakland Lodge No. ISB, F. and A.
M., University Lodge No. 144". I. O. O. F.,
and Golden Rule Encampment No. 84. (Oak-
land papers please copy.)
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WALSH— In San Jose, February 8, 1898, Patrick
Walsh, husband of Mary Walsh and father
of Mrs. A. Kartley, James R.. J. J., William
and Thomas P. Walsh, a native of Ireland,
aged 79 years and 11 months.
YOUNG— In this city, February 10, 1898, Cap-
tain Thomas, beloved husband of Annie
Young, and father of Harry and John T.
Young, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
69 years and 9 month 9.
tCTFnends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday) at
li:30 oclock, from his late residence, 418 Lom-
bard street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing nt 10 oclook. Interment Holy Crosg
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
YOUNGER— In this city, February 10, IS9S,
Sarah Helen, youngest daughter of Andrew
Jr. nnd the late Rachel J. Younger, and
granddaughter of Margaret Vance, a native
of California, aged 2 years 4 months and 3
days.
(CTFrlendß and acrjunintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Saturday), nt 1:30 o'chx-k, at 1223
Vine street. Interment private.
I, ,SMcAVOY, 5 McAVOY & GALLAGHER, V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS i EMBALMER3 I
," ?20 riFTH ST.* Opp. Lincoln Soliool. . I
. r •:• ■• Telephone, South SO. ' ■ ' ■■..:■
1. . n. B. m'avov. Manager. ? i
■ " /ncrtv/ov«fc co., ■ a
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. -. I
"■• :•. ■-■' ■ Telephone. South 24T. ■ - ' -' ■ ■• '■
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION, ;
Junction of : Bus!) Street and Central j
V ' :".:;•! Avenue. Sao. Francisco. ... '"■ -\ .
1112
SCHOOL DIRECTOR
WALLER INDICTED BY
THE GRAND JURY
Formally Accused of Asking a Bribe From Eli T.
Sheppard for Placing His Daughter on
the Substitute List.
His Bonds Fixed at $5000, Which Will Be Furnished by Thomas A.
Burns of the School Board and Joseph Naphtaly— Some
of the Supervisors on the Rack.
An indictment charging School Direc
tor Samuel L. 'Waller with asking a
bribe from Eli T. Sheppard was filed
by the Grand Jury yesterday afternoon.
The filing of the indictment was pre
dicted several days ago, but since then
there occurred a hitch, and yesterday,
for legality's sake, the proceedings were
practically gone over again. It was
found that A. W. Spear, who listened to
the testimony and assisted in all former
proceedings, was not a taxpayer, and
so when the matter came up yesterday,
he was sent out of the room and the
vote on the indictment went on with
out him. Seventeen votes were cast,
and of these twelve were for indict
ment.
Waller was up before the Jury and ■
what he had to say was heard. Then
the vote was taken.
It was a few minutes after 3 o'clock
when the Jury sent In word to Judge
Belcher that If he was willing: It would
like to make a report. He was willing
and stopped the Harbor Commissioners'
case long enough to receive the Jurors
and listen to the business they had to
transact.
When the roll had been called the
District Attorney handed to the Judge
C a folded paper and said that was all
the Jury had to offer. It was an in-
dictment, and Mr. Barnes announced
that while the accused was not at that
time under arrest, it was not necessary
to put the document on the secret file
as there would be no attempt at evad-
ing service. Judge Belcher read the
indictment over and handed it to the
clerk, who placed the file mark upon it,
and under instructions from the court
entered the bail at $5000. No name had
been mentioned, but there were "few in
the courtroom who had not guessed the
subject of the accusation.
Waller had followed the Jurors into
the court and he sat in one of the rear
seats while the indictment was being
filed. Then the proceedings in court
being over, he disappeared for a while
and then returned with School Director
Thomas A. Burns and Joseph F. Naph
taly, the attorney, and an uncle of
the accused, each of whom qualified as
a bondsman in the sum of $5000: but
there was then no court open and no
Judge available to accept the bond, and
so the case was left until this morn
ing when the bench warrant issued on
the indictment will be served. The
bond will be ready then and the arrest
and the release can be made practic
ally at the same time.
The indictment against Waller re
cites that on May 10, 1897, he at the time
being in office as a School Director,
asked of Eli T. Sheppard $500, the con
sideration being that he should get for
Evelyn Louise Sheppard a place in the
School Department as a substitute
teacher.
The witnesses upon whose testimony
the indictment was found were Laura
Jr. Fowler, principal of the Normal
School; R. H. Webster, Superintendent
MAKING READY TO
FIX WATER RATES
Supply of Water Sufficent to
Last 1000 Days Without
Any More Rain.
Vast Sums Have Been Paid by Consumers
to Repair and Extend the Present
Spring Valley System.
The Supervisors will meet at 11 a. m.
to-day- as a committee of the whole to
consider the subject of fixing water
rates for the next year. The constitu
tion requires rates to be fixed in Feb
ruary of each year. Last year so much
time was lost in useless discussion that
the rates were not established during
that month. As a result of the negli
gence the whole board was removed
from office, at the instance of George
K. Fitch in proceedings taken in Judge
Wallace's court. The Supreme Court
in its wisdom or indulgent mercy prac
tically reinstated the ousted Super
visors. In the light of past events it
can be safely predicted that the board
will establish annual rates this month.
Representatives of the Spring Valley
Water Works have been invited to at
tend the session to-day. The company
has already made application, through
its president, Charles Webb Howard,
for a restoration of the rates estab
lished in 1895, or, in effect, an increase
of rates.
According to figures supplied by the
corporation the rate payers of San
Francisco paid in 1896 the sum of $1,
503.152 59. The city paid $213,917 70 and
from other sources the sum of $21,619 84
was collected. The aggregate amount
received by the company for that year
was $1,788,690 16. For the year 1897 the
company collected $1,775,129. The re
port for 1896 shows that the disburse
ment for operating expenses amounted
to $394,012 08; for taxes, $127,289 49; for
interest, $540,261 68; for dividends, $679,
602 50. According to the report the
amount expended for construction was
$432,378 20.
According to the figures of Solon Pat
tee, in 1886, the water company, up to
that time, had paid $11,000,000 in divi
of Schools: Eli T. Eheppard and the de
fendant. Miss Fowler and Mr. Web
ster were not examined directly upon
the charge brought, their testimony be
ing as to the general workings of the
School Department. Their evidence
was given some time ajo. It was
thought, however, that to insure the
validity of the indictment all witnesses
examined by the jury upon the school
matter should be included.
There was quite a gathering of well
known people in the anteroo:.i of the
jury chamber. Supervisor Delany
warmed himself before the fire with a
"very much at home" expression on his
face. Supervisor Haskins was also
present. Judge Low came early and
was rewarded with a prompt release.
Jim Groom and his partner in the Na
tional Athletic Club, J. D. Gibbs, were
on hand with no complaint except at
the delay in their summons to the se
cret chamber, and Auditor Broderick
and Treasurer Widber made up the lfst
of notables.
Next in importance to the school
matter was the investigation into the
charges against the Health and Police
Committee of the Supervisors. The
members of that committee had asked
for an early hearing — before "the jury
became prejudiced." They were called
yesterday afternoon and they told their
stories and denied all that had been
published against them. Supervis. ij-
Delany was given first chance, and S"u
pervisor Haskins, and then Supervisor
Devany came after. A number of the
jurymen had expressed themselves in
such a way, however, that it seems
likely more indictments, with Supervis
ors as subjects, may be found.
Mr. Groom was called and was asked
all manner of questions regarding the
possibility of him having a "cinch" on
all fight permits given by the board.
He was also asked if his club had any
such dealings with the Supervisors as
Young Mitchell claimed to have had.
but to all these questions he answered
no or its equivalent. His partner, Gibbs.
was not called.
Auditor Broderick's business with thi»
jury was in regard to the method of the
payment of court stenographers' fees,
which is done by order of court and not
through the regular channel of the
Auditor's office. It was the fees of the
Police Court stenographers that was
under discussion, and that accounted
for the presence of Judge Low.
Under the present method all that is
neeeFsary is an order of court for the
amount, and this is payable on pres
entation to the Treasurer. The Au
ditor has no chance to investigate any
of these orders of court and as a con
sequence large sums of money are paid
out without any proper check beine:
kept upon the payments. The Auditor
advised that these payments be made
through his office, as in that case he
could compel each stenographer to
show that he had done the work be
fore he could be paid for it.
The Auditor and the Treasurer were
examined at length in the Jury room
upon the subject.
J. W. Bonney, a grocer, against
whom there is a complaint of obtain
ing money by threats and extortion,
also spent a few minutes in the com
pany of the jury. He said he was sure
he could produce a witness on Monday
dends. Since then dividends approxi
mating $7,000,000 have been paid.
Accepting as correct the corporation's
own figures as returned to the Board
of Supervisors, the 'company has dis
bursed on construction account since
1880 the sum of $11,000,000. When the
company was spending this money, col
lected from the water consumers, the
people of the city were assured that the
managers of Spring Valley were pro
viding an adequate supply of water to
tide over three dry seasons, but now at
the apprehended approach of one year
of scant supply the president of the
company asks that rates may be in
creased.
Last February Chief Engineer Schuss
ler entertained the board with a glow
ing sketch of the immense water re
sources immediately available. He de
scribed the great Crystal Springs res
ervoir, with its immense capacity of
nineteen thousand million gallons and
pointed out other available sources
owned by the company, which, added
to Crystal Springs, would insure a sup
ply for 1000 days without the addition
of a single drop of rain during that
period of time. Last year Mr. Schuss
ler told the Supervisors that the waters
of Lake Merced would be fit for use in
the fall of 1898.
Alameda Creek was then furnishing
6,000,000 gallons a day. The Partola
dam was cited as capable of supplying
5,000,000 gallons a day. All these out
side sources were referred to as con
venient when the water in Crystal
Springs "bloomed."
Every assurance was given that a
large and never-failing supply had
been secured by the vast outlay of
money As some mention has been
made of the cost of pumping water, it
is in order to refer to what Mr. Schuss
ler told the Board of Supervisors one
year ago. Then he said: "We are now
using the water that comes from the
Calaveras Valley to the Alameda pipe
line, taking it out near Niles station
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1898.
next who he was sure could clear
him, and so his case was allowed to go
over to that time.
♦
DEFENDED HIS POSITION.
Auditor Broderick Appears Be
fore the Teachers' Annuity
Association.
The Teachers' Annuity and Retire
ment Fund Association met yesterday
at the rooms of the Board of Education
to hear from Superintendent of Schools
Webster and Auditor Broderick regard
ing the controversy between the two
officials over payment of the warrants
drawn on the fund.
Auditor Broderick claims that he has
refused to sign the warrants drawn by
the Commissioners because the man
ner of handling the funds is not ac
cording to law.
He explained his position to the ;
teachers, assured them of his friend • J
ship and was given an ovation when he I
said he would do everything in his |
power to assist them when the fund '
was in legal shape.
He attacked Mayor Phelan and his
attorney fur unwisely advising the I
teachers to employ special counsel to ■
test his action, and advised them to j
wait until they could secure the serv- I
ices of the District Attorney.
Chairman O'Connor appointed thefol- ;
lowing executive committee: A. L. j
Mann, vice chairman; Miss Mary E.
Donnelly, Miss Mary A. Dean, Mrs. |
Mary A. Prag. Miss (\ Hunt. Miss Em
ma Stincen. Thomas H. McCarthy, Miss
Jennie Smith, Mrs. Ella Morton, Miss
Van Vleck, James H. Simmons.
Will Not Give Up.
E. C. Kilpatrick, who was suspended
as principal of the Business Evening
School by the Board of Eduoation,
pending charges against him, has re
fused to vacate his position.
He wrote the secretary of the board I
yesterday, in answer to a notification \
Of his suspension, stating that his at- !
torney had advised him that the board j
had not acted legally and that he I
would report for duty at the school as I
usual.
C. L. Barririgton. president of the j
Board of Education, has declared the |
action taken by the Committee on j
Rules and by the full Board of Educa- !
tion against Principal Kilpatrick and i
School Teacher Stanton as void and in- j
valid. He claims that th.c action of the j
board was not in conformity with the j
rules governing the procedure. He
cites the following rules as necessary j
in an action taken against a teacher ->r i
a principal:
Section 177 — All complaints or charges
against any teacher or principal of the
School Department shall be made in writ
ing, addressed to the president of the
Board of Education, properly verified be
fore the secretary of the board and filed
with this officor.
The secretary shall at once notify the
president of the board, and the latter
shall call a meeting of the proper com
mittee within three days.
running It to Belmont and there pump
ing it, because it is much cheaper, at
present at least, than to build a very
large, expensive dam at Calaveras and
a very expensive tunnel and pipe line.
The interest on the cost of that plant
would be a great deal more than what
it costs to run the water across this
way and pump it."
Accepting the former statements of
Spring Valley representatives as cor
rect, the conclusion must be reached
that the time has now arrived for a
substantial reduction In water rates.
Since 1880 the people have paid as
much to repair and extend the Spring
Valley system as it would cost to bring
from the mountains a supply sufficient
for a city of a half million Inhabitants.
A YOUTHFUL LOTTERY AGENT.
Ah Tang, 10 Years of Age, Arrested
by Sergeant Shea and Fosse.
A Chinese lad, 10 years of age, named
Ah Tang, was arrested Wednesday even
ing by Sergeant Shea and posse on Rosa
alley, and charged at the California-street
police station with aiding and abetting
Chinese lottery. It is claimed by the of
ficers that the Chinese merchants have
the children throughout Chinatown carry
the tickets from place to place to avoid
arrest of the merchants, as it was pre
sumed by them that the children would
not be noticed by the officers on duty in
that district.
They did not appreciate the efforts of the
arresting officers, and It is said they have
made a record there which will be hard to
surpass. The boy was released from cus
tody by L,y Pong, who put up $100 as ball
for the boy's appearance in court. The
lottery tickets were held as evidence.
Orders are roiling in at Room 1208, Claus
Spreckels building, headquarters for THE
CALL Scribner'B United States History
Club. Our readers apppreciate THE
CALL'S splendid offer of this work at
nearly half the regular selling price,
which has been made possible by ar
rangement with Charles Scribner*s Sons
of New York. This great reduction must
end February 18. After that date the
next club will be opened at an advanced
price. THE CALL trusts all its readers
will take advantage of this offer You
are cordially invited to examine this ex
cellent work. Do not miss it. You need
it. Your family needs it. We will send
sets free of expense to out-of-town read
ers. This means that it does not cost yon
a cent to examine it. We know if you see
it you will want it. •
BURGLARS IN A FURSTORE.
Eight Shoulder-Capes Stolen From
Adolph Morse, Market Street.
The furstore of Adolph Morse, 963 Mar
ket street, was entered by burglars early
yesterday morning, and eight valuable
sealskin and Astrakhan shoulder-capes
were stolen. Detectives Ryan and ODea
were detailed on the case, and Morse re
ported to them that after making a care
ful examination of the stock he found th*
eight capes missing. The only thing that
protected the door was a thin staple
which was easily forced out with a
"jimmy."
Coughs and colds cured. Low's Hore
faound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome at*
SUSPICIOUS MARKS ON
THE BODY OF CAMARINOS
Strange Discoloration
and Rapid Decom
position.
Relatives of the Deceased
Not Satisfied With the
Officials' Report.
John W. Lynn, the Oakland
Homicide, Said to Have
Caused His Death.
DOCTORS MAKE A DENIAL.
The Officers of the Agnews Institution
Declare Camarinos Received
Only Humane Treatment.
The relatives and friends of the late j
Peter G. Camarinos, the Hawaiian
I planter who died on December 8 at the !
Agnews Asylum for the Insane, are not |
satisfied with the report of the physi
! cians of the Institution attributing the ■
: cause of death to paresis and to gen- '
eral paralysis. They are inclined to be j
lieve the story of Griffiths, a discharged ■
patient of the institution, who says he
! saw the special attendant of the un- i
fortunate man kick and maltreat him '
only a few hours before death occurred, j
That special attendant was John '
I Lynn, who, on the morning of February
1, attempted to take the life of his wife j
I by sending several bullets into her body ;
!in Oakland. Lynn is now in the Ala- ■
| meda County Jail, either insane or !
| feigning insanity.
When ramarinos was sertt to the
asylum in May of last year the rela
tives of the demented man engaged
Lynn to take care of him. Lynn was j
recommended as a careful nurse by Dr.
Sponagle. the superintending physician
of the Agnews Asylum. A private ward
and a special room were engaged for [
the patient and his attendant, and
about the time he was taken there a ,
man named John R. Griffiths was ad- !
mitted to the institution.
Griffiths had a mild form of dementia,
and he was given special liberties about
the place for the services he returned
to the physicians and attendants. Grif
fiths says he became well acquainted
with Lynn, and. a few days before Oa
marinos died he declares he saw Lynn
cruelly and most shamefully abuse his
patient.
He says he heard Camarinos com
plain about the way his breakfast was
prepared, and then he says Lynn struck
him.
Camarinos, who was a powerful man
and violent at times in his insanity,
knocked Lynn down, and was punish
ing his nurse severely when two other
attendants ean>e to his assistance.
Griffiths says he saw the two mpn
throw Camarlnoa to the floor, and
while they held him down on his back
Lynn jumped on him, landing on his
FROM TELEPHONE TO TITLE.
Sadie Holmes, H Hello Girl," Now Ladu Bretherton.
From the humble position of telephone operator in California to wealth,
rank and title in England is something of a transition, and a stroke of fortune
so great that it seldom takes place. Yet It sometimes does occur, as is seen in
the case of the pretty operator at the branch office of the telephone company
in the Palace Hotel, who was yesterday Sadie Holmes, tho "hello girl," and who
to-day is Lady Bretherton, mistress of a manor in Wales.
Frederick Holmes, the wild young scion of an old "Welsh family, after knock
ing about the world for many years, finally settled down in Panama, where he
married the daughter of a prominent Spanish family. A daughter, the present
heiress, now 21 years old, was born to the couple, who shortly after moved up to
this city, where the father entered the Custom House brokerage business on
Battery street.
As the years rolled on the little child grew into a beautiful woman, and, as
times were hard, applied for and obtained a place in the employ of the Pacific
Bell Telephone Company. There she remained, hearing from her father's lips
the story of her family and their importance in the English world, but never
dreaming of being anything else than a Cinderella in the circle. But the years
had wrought changes In Wales as well as in California, and the older branches
of the family tree had dropped off one by one until only an elderly aunt of Mr.
Holmes, Lady Jane Bretherton, was left. A short time ago she also died, and
by the laws of England Mr. Holmes comes in for all of the property, which is
valued at over £200,000, except the lands in Wales, which, together with the
title of Lady Bretherton, go to bis eldest daughter, Sadie.
PETER G. CAMARINOS,
stomach with both feet. Several times
it is claimed Lynn repeated his assault,
and when they picked the prostrate
man up from the floor-he had fainted.
W. D. "Vanvales, a nephew of the de
ceased, took a deep interest In his un
cle's welfare, and he frequently visit
ed the asylum. He called on Oamari
nos only a few days before his death,
and he says the demented man was in
good physical health then. Late in the
forenoon of December 8 he received a
telegram from Dr. Sponagle, telling
him that Camarinos was very ill.
Shortly after noon of the same day an
other dispatch was received announc
ing his death.
Vanvales wired back to have the
body sent to San Francisco as soon as
possible, and early the next morning it
arrived. It was taken at once to the
undertaking parlors of Halsted & Co.,
and when the coffin was opened, less
than twenty-four hours after death had
been announced to have taken, place,
the body was found to be in an ad
vanced stage of decomposition. Several
of the friends of the relatives of the
dead man saw the body and
at the time they remarked upon
the condition the body was in and also
discussed the presence of a marked dis
coloration about the body in the region
of the stomach and breast. They could
not tell, however, whether the marks
were from bruises or from natural de
composition.
The undertaker was of the opinion
that Camarinos hart been dead at least
two and possibly three days when he
received the body, and the relatives of
the dead man were of the belief that
death had possibly occurred before De
cember 8, and that the body was kept
a day or two at the asylum until de
composition had effaced the marks of
the bruises before the relatives were
notified of the sudden collapse and
death of the demented man.
The officials and attaches of the asy
lum discredit the story told by Grif
fith. They say even if the scuffle al
leged to have taken place between
Camarinos and Lynn had actually
occurred it would have been impossible
for Griffith to have witnessed it, for he
was confined in ward 2 and Camarinos
was a patient in ward 6, and the two
wards are on different floors. The con
necting doors are kept securely locked
and the patients of the two wards are
not allowed to mingle, as those in ward
6 are of a violent type and those in
ward 2 are considered to be of a
milder disposition.
The statement that the scuffle never
took place is assisted by the testimony
of the regular. attendants— Dowd, Wil
son and McCabe— and that of the two
physicians in charge of the asylum
patients— Drs. Chrystal and Stocking.
Dr. Sponagle said the first he had heard
of the affair was when he read it in the
paper, and said that if it happened at
all he most certainly would have heard
of it.
Camarinos was committed to the asy
lum in May last, and was suffering
from paresis in an advanced stage at
that time. He had been under medical
care for three years previous, and was
subject to periodical paralytic strokes
which would leave him in a very weak
ened state. He would rally from these
attacks, however, and would again be- |
come physically strong and at the same i
time vicious, and would strike, kirk !
and bite his nurse, and It sometimes be
came necessary to call in the assist
ance of one or two other attendants to i
quiet him.
The officers of the asylum say Lynn
made an excellent nurse. He was em
ployed by the relatives of Camarinos i
to attend him. Lynn has two diplomas !
as a trained nurse for the insane, and
had been employed in the Utica Asy
lum and other institutions. He ap- !
peared particularly interested in keep- j
ing Camarinos alive, as he was in re
ceipt of $45 a month and board and j
lodging in return for his services, and j
was heard to remark on many occa- I
sions, when Camarinos seemed about
to succumb to the attacks, "I hope this
man will not die, for I would he out
of a job." The officials say that the
life of Camarinos was prolonged by
reason of the excellent care and atten
tion given him by Lynn.
The decomposition setting in within
twenty-four hours after Camarinos'
death, the asylum doctors say, was not j
unusual, as he was also afflicted with j
bed seres, and decomposition would |
quickly follow death under those condi- j
tions. <
The officials are emphatic in their de
nial of such an occurrence as related by
Griffith. A number of the patients
speak well of Lynn, and on the other
hand they doubt strongly Griffith's ve
racity.
Y. M. I. DAY.
How It Will Be Observed in This
City and in Other Places.
Young Men's Institute day will be ob
served on the 22d inst. by a grand patri
otic literary and musical entertainment
in the afternoon and a grand ball in the
evening, to be given under the auspices of
the San Francisco councils of the Insti
tute.
• John T. Gravey will be the president of
the day, and at the afternoon exercises
—to commence at 2 o'clock in the Metro
politan Temple— the oration will be de
livered by Rev. M. S. Levy of the Congre
gation Beth-Israel. There will be a fine
programme of vocal and instrumental
music.
*™J £ e n enin f l he T baH will be in Native
Sons Hall, and lF. J. Driscoll will be the
floor manager. The committee of arrange
ments having the matter in charge will
ot V next week 613 " 3 completea b >' the first
+v^ h^ ay +^ in be S ener ally observed by
the order throughout the State wherever
. . re VV s v. a council - and there will be spe
cial celebrations in Sacramento, Stockton
Marysville, Santa Cruz and Va lejo '
Black Prince in Prison.
Albert Watson, familiarly known as the
Black Prince," and who Is one of the
cleverest pickpockets in the city was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Graham
and Sullivan and locked up in "th™
tanks." He is accused of stealing a dia
mond pin worth $60 and $10 in gd!d from
the pocket of L. Rogers, a member of th^
Reconda Club, 11 Stockton street ihttl
Rogers was asleep on a lounie 'iiTthP
club early Wednesday morning
Dismissed the Charee
if.c i-once Commissioners -met last
night and dismissed the charge of ne * £5
sohn d &o PP r rr m e fc PP k rre - d againSt *«ro££i
— — ~_~_ ADVERTISEMENTS. <_,^_^-
Again 1
A business suit although .
a good one need not be
an expensive one :
For instance
A suit made to order, perfect in cut,
fit and — from clays, worsteds,
cheviots, tweeds and cassi meres —
latest colorings and fancy mixtures
• spring— seasonable effects —
All this for
r That's a satisfactory business suit !
That's a satisfactory business suit !
made by white labor.
Our outfitting department, showing
trunks, valises, telescopes, grips, is
specially worthy of inspection. •
Klondike Pep!. Complete.
Gents' furnishings, hats, caps, ties; ,.
a feature of this great store.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
Columbian Woolen Mills,
718=722 Market Street.
ONLY A LITTLE
SACK OF GOLD
Story of a Special Deposit Made
in the City Treasury
Vaults.
Auditor Broderiek Says That
Should Bo Given Back to the
Plumbers.
A little sack containing: $500, more or
less, that rests on a shelf in the massive
vaults of the Treasurer's office is causing;
no enu of turmoil in the minds of certain
officials of the City Hall. The money
rests there in the name of Secretary Ed
mund Godehaux of the Board of Health,
but it does not belong to him, and as a
matter of fact it is a much mooted ques
tion In 'some minds whether or not he has
the right to hold it at all.
The sack represents the amount of feea
that were collected from plumbers before
it was found that the plumbing regula
tions formulated by th© Board of Health
were not tenable.
The board adopted certain rules regard
ing the plumbing of buildings and also
required that ull plumbers should regis
ter with the department and also pay a
license fee of $1 50 for the privilege. Later
it was demonstrated that the Health
Board had no right to pass or try to en
force such an order, and that It waa
getting into a conflict with Uie powers
of thu Board of Supervisors. An at
tempt was then made to induce the Su
pervisors to adopt an order covering the
ground desired by the Health Depart
ment, but thus far the attempt has been
unsuccessful. In the meantime the col
lection of fees went on until several hun
dred dollars were in the hands of Secre
tary Godehaux. This was deposited in
the secretary's name and was never turn
ed into the public treasury.
Auditor Broderick says that the board
has no right to keep the money and that
it should be returned to those who paid
it*to the secretary. "It was collected un
der an invalid act of the Health Board,"
said Mr. Broderick, "and should have
been returned when the Board of Super
visors refused to act in the matter. If
Secretary Godehaux should die to-mor
row that money could be claimed by his
heirs and the plumbers would not be able
to recover a cent."
SIXTH SYMPHONY
AT THE TIVOLI.
The Largest Audience of the Season
and a Well Made Programme
Well Played.
The programme of yesterday's sym
phony concert at the Tlvoll— the sixth of
the series— was made up and played with
tact and good sense and listened to by
the largest audience of the season. It
was a conspicuously fine programme and
one that did not bore the musio lovers
of the audience by including any of the
usual "joyful relief" pieces.
Beethoven's "Heroic" symphony, a
work that Scheel has given here before
with splendid effect, was the special
event and was played with beautiful
sonority and analysis. Perhaps the
funeral march was played with slightly
less nobility and perfection of detail than
at the earlier performance, but on the
whole the interpretation and execution
were admirable. The scherzo especially
was a remarkable achievement, even sur
passing the previous performance in
the unanimous delicacy of the strings.
In the Liszt symphonic poem. "Les Pre
ludes " a composition of remarkable su
perficial brilliancies if not of very deep
emotional character, the band displayed
excellent variety and discipline. The
"Rheingold" excerpt— "The entrance of
the gods into Walhalla"— and Rein
ecke's "Peace Jubilee" overture com
pleted one of the most successsful con
certs ever given in San Francisco.