VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 146.
SIX SHIPS TAKEN FROM SPAIN,
HAVANA MAY BE BOMBARDED,
MORRO FIRES ON SAMPSON'S FLEET
THE CALL-HERALD NEWS-GATHERING FLEET.
HAVANA
CABLE HAS
BEEN CUT
TAMPA, Fla, April 24 —
The United States has cut
the Havana cable. The cut
was made about ten miles
out of Havana, and the south
ern end of the cable is now
on the Mangrove, which was
recently converted into an
auxiliary cruiser. This gives
the Government the exclu
sive use of the cable, and en
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair Monday; fresh westerly
wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco €4 decrees
Portland SO decrees
Los Angeles 92 dejjr'^s
Pa.n Diego S2 decrees
Sacramento SO degrees
< FTRKT PAGE.
Havana Cable Cut.
Six Hpanlßh Ships Taken.
Bombardment -at Havana.
Philippines to Be Taken.
SECOND -PAGE.
Congress Will Declare War.
tiewnirea Before Congress.
First Regiment In Wreck. .
Spain and Privateering.
THIRD PAGE.
Bpain'i Fleet Yet at Cape Verde
Islands.
Crutaen After Fpanlsh Ships.
Madrid Now Cries "Piracy."
Naval News Guarded.
Spaniards Insult Old Glory.
FOURTH PAGE.
War F'.r i irrantsiitff.
An Italian Veuel Chased.
Troops at Chlckamauga.
Rich Spanish Prizes,
Plot to Raid Klondike Bi r<-».
FIFTH PAGE.
Cournlng at Two Parks.
On the Itaseball Fields.
SIXTH PAQE.
Editorial.
Our War N>w« Ken-Ice.
The War and BtMlnem
The Call Bulletins.
The Privateering- Question.
Factory Labor in the Boutb,
A Parcels Post Bjratem.
News of Foreign Navies.
Naval Guns.
Answeru to Correspondents
SEVENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
ItObbad In Open l>ay.
Wheat at War Prices.
A Colored Plunger In Troubls.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Working for the Red Crow.
Native Sons Celebrate.
NINTH PAGE.
News From AcrOM the Bay.
TENTH PAOI
Close e-f the Epworth Convention.
ELEVENTH PAGE. '
Blrthß. Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Note* of War. Preparations.
The San Francisco Call
COMPLETE WAR NEWS
SERVICE OF THE CALL
AND THE HERALD
Celebrated War Correspondents, Army and
Navy Officers and Artists Who Will Join
in Sending Accurate Descriptions
of All Battles,
NEW YORK, April 24. — The elaborate preparations which have been in progress for
perfecting The Call-Herald news service is completed. It will be the best equipped and
most thoroughly organized newspaper service ever put into operation.
Richard Harding Davis, who has a world-wide reputation as a correspondent, is with
the fleet before Havana. Charles Akers, the army expert and an experienced newspaper
man, is going with the army. In addition to the powerful tugs Sommers N. Smith and
Albert F. Dewey, now with the fleet, the ocean-going steamer Tyr, flying the Danish flag,
has been chartered. She sailed from Baltimore for Porto Rico yesterday with Half a dozen
correspondents and artists, and will cover the blockade. Matter will be cabled from St.
Thomas or Kingston, as circumstances will permit. Five special correspondents, who speak
Spanish, left for the south to-day and will join an army corps in Cuba.
On the tugs are half a dozen men with specially constructed cameras for taking sea
views, and also artists who will sketch for The Call-Herald picture telegraph machine now
at Key West. There are special men on all the West Indies, who will send matter as long
as the cables remain uncut. Call-Herald correspondents still remain in Madrid, Cadiz,
Barcelona and St. Vincent, and preparations have been made for a full and comprehensive
cable service. With each squadron there are half a dozen naval officers who will act as
special correspondents for The Call-Herald, and will have peculiar facilities for describing
with accuracy all naval engagements.
MORRO FIRES
ON THE FLEET.
ON BOARD UNITED STATES
FLAGSHIP NEW FORK, OFF
HAVANA, April 24.— N00n— The
shore batteries again opened fire
on the tieet early this morning,
but without effect.
There havp been no casualties
ainonp our forces up to this hour
and not a single shot has been
tir>-'i against the batteries.
tirely cuts General Blanco off
from communication with
Spain, as the insurgents are
between him and the other
cable ports.
It is intended as soon as
the blockade of Cienfuegos
is established to cut the cable
Continued on Third Pace.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
SIX RICH PRIZES
TAKEN IN ONE DAY
ON BOARD the Herald-Call boat
Albert F. Dewey, via Key West, Fla..
April 24. — Two more valuable prizes
I have been added to those brought to
! Key West by warships of Rear Admiral
j Sampson's fleet. The latest is the big
; trans-Atlantic liner Cataluna. She was
I captured to-day by the cruiser Detroit
I only twelve miles off Havana. She was
I bound for New Orleans from Cadiz
with many tons of staves.
When the lookout on the cruiser saw
the big ship speeding along flying the
Spanish flag the Detroit fired a blank
I shot to bring the Cataluna to. The
I Spaniard paid no attention to the warn
: ing. Instead he began to crowd on
I steam, making a desperate attempt to
] escape. The Detroit showed the speed
that is in her, and in a minute was away
in pursuit.
She fired another shot, but the Cata
luna still kept her flag up and defiantly
kept her speed. For eight miles the
race continued, and then from the
cruiser a solid shot was fired. The
FULLY SUPPLIED
WITH COAL.
MADRID, April 24.— The Cab
inet Council to-day approved the
general budget. Despite the pub
lished statements in New York
to the contrary, it is declared
here that the Spanish navy is
fully supplied with coal. The
Government has received no offi
cial information of the capture
of any American vessels.
Cataluna gave up then. Her colors
fluttered down to her deck and she
came to a stop. A prize crew was put
on board and she was taken to Key
West, where she arrived to-night She
is a splendid ship, the finest of any yet
taken, and the prize money to be ob
tained by condemning and selling her
will be a fortune for the men of the
Detroit. No other ship of the navy
was near her when she made the cap
HAVANA MAY BE
BOMBARDED AT
DAYLIGHT TO-DAY
Admiral Sampson's Alleged Notice That
Causes Consternation at the
Cuban Capital.
While the United States Warships Are Shelling the
Forts the Insurgents Will Rally in the
Rear to Aid the Invaders.
HAVANA, April 24 — The United States fleet will begin the bombardment of
Havana to-morrow.
Rear- Admiral Sampson has sent notice of his intention to Mr. Gollan, British
Consul-General here, who, acting under instructions from his Government, is in
charge of the United States Consulate here. Mr. Gollan has told Captain-General
Blanco that real war is about to begin. The city is terror-stricken.
Admiral Sampson's notice simply stated that he intended to begin bombard
ment. It is not known whether his ships will confine themselves to the batteries,
and, after silencing them, take Havana with his sailors and marines, or will try to
eoropo! a surrender by shelling the city itself.
General Blanco visited all the batteries as soon as he was told of the intention
of the American commander. He is now at Santa Clara, where are the guns that
are most depended upon as defenders. He will remain there all night. The first
shot is expected at daybreak.
There is no rest in the city to-night. The streets are crowded and troops are
being moved hither and thither to strengthen the defenses.
General Pando, who hastened to the remote batteries as soon as the United
States fleet arrived here, returned to the city to-night. I was told that he had a nar
row escape from capture by a rebel band, and that the report was accompanied by
another to the effect that the insurgents are moving in toward the city, so as to be
ready to dash in and assist the United States forces should they invade the city.
No troops can now be spared from the main defenses to drive them back.
PHILIPPINES WILL
ALSO BE CAPTURED
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Herald's Washington
correspondent sends the following: Spain's possessions in the
far East will be under the guns of the American squadron com
manded by Commodore G. H. Dewey by Tuesday next.
Official information, it is understood, has reached Washington
of the preparations for the work which the Navy Department
has laid out for it to perform. Accompanying the men-of-war
are the revenue cutter McCulloch and a number of colliers
conveying coal and other stores needed for the fleet in its
operations against the Spanish naval force in the waters of
the Philippines and against the fortifications of Manila and
other seaports of those islands.
It is the expectation of the experts of the Navy Depart
ment that the squadron will cover the 628 miles separating
Hongkong and Manila within sixty hours, so that when the
offensive operations begin Congress shall have formally de
clared war and the President's approval to the declaration
shall have been affixed. The vessels which comprise Com
modore Dewey 's fighting force consist of the protected cruiser
Olympia, flagship of the squadron and of 5870 tons displace
ment; the protected cruiser Baltimore of 4413 tons, the pro
tected cruiser Raleigh of 3213 tons, the protected cruiser Bos
ton of 3000 tons, the gunboat Concord of 1890 tons and the
gunboat Petrel of 892 tons. In addition to these vessels the
revenue cutter McCulloch, of 12S0 tons, will undoubtedly
perform excellent service. Immediately upon her arrival at
Hongkong she was supplied with a modern battery and tor
pedo'tubes, and she is now superior in fighting ability to the
Petrel.
♦ure The entire valua of the prize will
probably be given to the Detroit .-non
shoifo the Spaniard be condemned.
The Cataluna is of 479° gross and 34Q1
net gross. Her commander is Captain
rano. She is only four years old, hav
ing been built in 1893 by C. Connell &
Co. of Glasgow.
Her owners are Izquerdo & Co. of
Cadiz. She is 415 feet in length. 48 feet
wide, and her depth is 21 :.} feet. She
is classed as Ai.
The other captive belongs to the
gunboat Helena and is worth $400,000.
She, too, was tafcen to Key West. She
is the merchant ship Miguel Joiver,
which flew the Spanish flag and was
Confirmation of the following itory h»> not been obtained.
LEE AND SMAFTER TO
BE MAJOR-GENERALS.
WASHINGS jN. April 24.— The
nomination of Fitzhugh Lee as
major-general will be the first
made under the new volunteer
militia bill. It is settled that
Shafter Is to be made a major
general, but it will follow that of
Lee.
from New Orleans bound for Havana
and Barcelona with a big cargo of cot
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ton and staves. The cargo alone is
worth $150,000. She was captured ye»
terday about 100 miles from Havana.
The Helena, commander W. T. Swin
burne, did not sail with the fleet Fri
day morning, but remained here until
yesterday, when she steadied out to
sea. She was cruising in a southwester
ly direction, when the Miguel Joiver,
steering a southeasterly course, hove in
Continued on Fourth Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tel comes out victor. If
J7^s _ *£^. a man will only spare
s * enough time to take
care of health, to eat, and rest and sleep
properly, and when he feels slightly indis-
posed will resort to the right remedy, he
may work as hard as he pleases, and pile •
up money steeple high, without fear of un-
timely death.
The worst enemy with which hard-work-
ing men have to contend is a disordered
digestion. It is the starting point for most
sickness and disease. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery prevents sickness and
disease. Its use insures a hearty appetite,
and healthful, restful sleep. It corrects all
disorders of the digestion, invigorates the
liver and purifies the blood. It tones thf
nerves. It makes pure, rich blood| builds
firm healthy flesh, and strong, elastic mus-
cle. The man who resorts to it whenever
he feels out of sorts, may, within reason,
work as hard as he pleases. Druggists
sell it.
"Enclosed please find 21 one-cent stamps,"
writes James Trent, of Clarendon, Donley Co.,
Texas, " for which please send me a copy of Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser in pa-
per covers. I have been taking Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery for the blood and
think it is the best blood-purifier in existence."
One of the best-known of American med-
ical men said: "If you want to reform a
man. begin with his grandfather." That
would be wise if it could be done. Since it
cannot be done, try something else. Reform
the future grandfathers and grandmothers.
Do this through education. The .greatest
thing for a man or woman to know is him-
self or herself. To know one-half the capa-
bilities and disabilities of the human body
is a liberal education. A good start for this
education is Dr. Pierces Common Sense
Medical Adviser. Any one can have this
finely illustrated , 1000-page book for the
small price of twenty-one one cent stamps.
This is simply to pay^for mailing. If you
would like the book in fine cloth binding
instead of paper, send thirty-one stamps to
World's Dispensary TVledical Association,
663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.2
OFFICIAL
NOTICE TO
THE WORLD
To=Day War Will Be De=
dared to Prevent Mis=
understandings.
Spain Has Replied to McKinley's
Ultimatum, Leaving That Na=
tion's Position Clearly
Defined,
Call Office. Rlggs House,
Washington, April 24.
A resolution formally declar
ing war against Spain will be in
troduced in the Congress of the
United Suites to-morrow. The
decision to d<> so has been reach
ed afu-r mature deliberation. All
the arguments pro and con were
discussed this afternoon at the
Whitv House at a conference in
which President McKinley, At
torney-General Griggs, Assis
tant Secretary " Day and Sena
tors Davis and Hale partici
pated, and on its breaking up
the announcement was made
that Con? ss to-morrow would
be asked to declare what it is
held already exists.
This was the most important Wash
ington development on tlv first war
Sunday. The President will send a
message to Congress to-morrow to be
delivered immediately after its con
vening, setting forth the facts in the
and asking Congress to formally
declare war, in order thai there may be
no misundi rstanding on the part of
nations.
The most important point in the mes
sage from a news point of view will be
the announcement that Spain has
made formal reply to our ultimatum.
This reply has not been given to the
public, and it was supposed that none
had been reached. The document is a
formal acknowledgment by Spain, and
is an acceptance by that country of the
ultimatum as a virtual declaration of
war. Congress will therefore !>■■ asked
to recognize- this condition of affairs,
and declare it to the world, using
Spain's concession as a reason for it.
The war resolution has been pre
pared, and it is understood that the
two committees having charge of the
foreign affairs fur the two houses of
ress will be prepared to report on
it very shortly— probably immediately
after th" reading of the message. An
effort v. ill then be made to have the
resolution taken up and passed forth
with, and it is not now believed that
there will be any formidable opposition
to this course in either House.
Otherwise the news of the clay here
related almost entirely to the execution
of plans hitherto expected.
For the President and his Cabinet
officials Sunday pass.^a quietly and un
eventfully. Secretary Alger took his
daughter to the "White House during
tin- morning, and she m company with
the President, attended divine services
at the Metropolitan Methodist Church,
Secretary Alger going to a Presbyter
lan church. Secretary and Mrs. Gage
also drove to the White House and
accompanied the President q,nd Miss
Alger to the Metropolitan. Mrs. M<-
Kinley has not yet returned from her
trip to New York City.
General Corbin and Secretary Alger
conferred during the afternoon respect
ing the arrangements for calling on the
Governors of the States and Territories
for the quota of troops they are to fur
nish under the President's proclama
tion asking for 125,000 men. The num
ber of men in each branch of the serv
ice — infantry, cavalry and artillery —
remains to be settled, besides many
other matters of detail.
In the State, War and Navy Depart
ments many of the officials were at
their desks directing the execution of
policies heretofore determined upon.
Neither Secretary Alger nor Secretary-
Long wa.s on hand, but Assistant Sec
retary Meiklejohn and Assistant Sec
retary Roosevelt were on duty for sev
eral hours. .Mr. Meiklejohn has al
ready received a large number of ap
plications fn.-m newspapers to permit
their representatives to accompany the
army, but, as stated in the circular
issued yesterday, the number to be ac
corded the privilege will be limited.
Assistant Secretary Day is busily en
gaged in making the general
tion for the transportation of troops
overland and also to Cuba, for which a
large number of vessels will be char
tered.
In the quartermaster's office nearly
thf> whole clerical force was on hand.
The details arc far from complete, but
the quartermaster-general believes
everything will be in readiness by the
time the troops are ready to move. It
may be that the railroad arrangements
for the transfer of troops overland will
be left to the immediate charge of the
quartermasters of the various army
department.s, who are fully acquainted
with the facilities at hand for doing
this work. Some understanding with
the railroads on the basis of uniform
rates of travel will be arranged if pos
sible, so that the soldiers may be sent
by the shortest possible route with the !
least charge to the Government. Ques
tions of equipment of the troops with
uniforms and tents also are to be set
tled, although many of the State or
ganizations are prepared in this re
spect. The department has a number
of branches in which tents, uniforms,
etc., are manufactured, but it will be
compelled to rely on the service of out-
Bide firms to meet the present demands. !
It is said at the Naval Department
that all the militia which will be used
in the deep sea patrol vessels already
has been ordered to them. Those re
maining will be utilized in manning
the signal stations along the coast and
the vessels of the close-shore auxiliary
fleet.
Commander Richardson Clover ox
pects that the gunboat Bancroft, which
he is to command, and which is now
undergoing repairs at Brooklyn, will
Bail for Norfolk within a few days to
take on her ammunition. The proba
bility is thai the vessel will then be
sent to* join Admiral Sampson's fleet.
It is said to be definitely settled that
Captain Albert E. S. Barker, a member
of the joint army and navy defense
plan hoard, will command the protect
ed cruiser Newark, now fitting out at
Norfolk. She will be ready for service
some time In May.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt to-day
announced that the Government had
purchased the steamer yacht Aliene
for the navy. This# r essel, so like many
others that have been acquired, *ls of
Urbt draught and excellently fitted far
patrol duty in shallow waters. She is
of 151 tons gross register, 119 feet long
and 20 feet beam. She was built at
Chester, Pa., and her home port is
New York.
It was said at the Navy Department
that no additional information had
been received of the movements of the
Spanish fleets rendezvoused at Cadiz
and at the Cape de Verde Islands.
Every step taken by these fleets is
promptly reported to the department
by the agents abroad. One officer ex
plained that it was very necessary to
receive with the greatest caution re
ports of the ships, as Spain naturally
will try in every way to mislead the
United States.
Most of the vessels of the Asiatic
squadron, which, according to press
d is] latches, is to sail with sealed or
ders, according to the latest published
advices, were rendezvoused at Hong
kong. The squadron is under com
mand of Commodore George Dewey, a
well-known and trusted naval officer,
and is made up of several vessels, ex
cluding the colliers recently purchased
by the department. The Olympia, a
protected cruiser, is the flagship, with
a speed of over twenty-one knots, while
the other ships are the protected cruis
er Baltimore, of twenty knots; the pro
tected cruiser Raleigh, of nineteen
knots; the protected cruiser Boston,
fifteen knots: the gunboat Concord, of
nearly seventeen knots; the gunboat
Petrel, of nearly twelve knots; and the
iron ship Monocacy, of eleven knots.
PRESIDIO MEN
IN A WRECK
Third Section of Their
Train Runs Into a
Freight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Texas, April 24.— The third
section of the special Southern Pacific
train engaged for transporting the
First Infantry of the United States
army from the Presidio at San Fran
cisco to New Orleans was wrecked last
night at midnight near Aden, N. Mex.,
fifty miles west of this place. The
third section of the soldiers' special
was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel
Bisby. It passed Aden at midnight,
seven minutes ahead of time. A west
bound freight had orders to take the
siding at Aden to make way for the
last section, but the soldiers' train
passed the Riding before the freight
reached it and the two trains met in
a head end collision a few rods beyond
the siding.
Neither train was running at a high
rate of speed, but the shock was suffi
cient to wreck both engines, derail sev
tral freight cars and smash a number
of flat cars in the special, which were
loading with ambulances and army
wagons. Many wagons were shattered
Into kindling wood and portions of
others were strewn over the prairie in
the vicinity.
The men on both engines jumped in
time to save their lives, but a man
named Kline, who was stealing a ride
on the freight, was crushed beneath
the debris and died later.
The soldiers were badly shaken, but
none were injured. Their train was de
tained at Aden twelve hours until the
wagons had been replaced on other flat
cars sent out from El Paso and the
track cleared by a wrecking outfit. The
first two sections of the train arrived
here at 2 o'clock last night and lay
over at this point during the entire day
awaiting the third section, which did
no-t arrive until 4 o'clock this afternoon.
The men and officers complained bit
terly against the Southern Pacific, at
tributing the delay to mismanagement
This is the second long delay which
has occurred on the Southern Pacific
since the troops left the Presidio. The
train bearing the Third Artillery, which
preceded the Infantry, was detained
ten hours by a wreck on the same line
at Dragoon Summit. The entire in
fantry force pulled out at 5 o'clock for
New Orleans, with the exception of six
privates, who, while out seeing the
sights, missed the train. The force
passing here to-day numbered 500 men
and about twenty-five officers, under
command of Colonel Evan Miles. |
Nearly all the soldiers have seen serv
ice during the Indian wars.
PORTO RICO AMERICANS
HAVE NO PROTECTION.
Revolution Is Threatened and Mar-
tial Law Has Been Pro
claimed.
ST. THOMAS, West Indies, April
24.— According to the latest advices
from Porto Rico the agitation there is
increasing and food prices are rising
fast. The authorities have taken steps
to prevent the departure of refugees.
At Mayaguas, seventy miles southwest
Of San Juan, there is talk of a revolu
tion.
Refugees from Porto Rico, who ■
reached here by a schooner this even- !
ing, report that the condition of the j
island is critical. Martial law has been
proclaimed and Americans there are in
danger, as they are without protection.
United States Consul Van Horn here
has bought 1500 tons of coal for the
United States Government, which will
arrive here to-morrow, and he is nego
tiating for more.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If It fails to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS, the Famous Writer, Who Is One of the Call-Herald's
Corps of Correspondents. He Is Now With the Fleet Before Havana.
WAR MEASURES
IN CONGRESS
Formal Declaration the
First Duty of Each
House.
Dingley's Revenue Bill May
Meet Considerable Oppo
sition.
Will Finally Be Passed, Though Dem
ocrats Say They Should Have
Been Consulted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 24.
It is the expectation that the Senate
work this week will begin with the re
ceipt of a message from the President
asking that Congress shall make a
formal declaration of war and that
there will be a quick response to the
request. There has been some appre
hension that there might be a renewal
of the effort to secure a recognition
of the independence of the Cuban in
surgents in connection with the war
declaration, but the best information
now is that this will not be undertaken
and that there will be practically no
opposition in the Senate to a war reso
lution. It is suggested on the part of
some of the members of the Committee
on Foreign Relations that it will not
even be necessary to refer the Presi
dent's message to the committee when
received, but that a resolution can be
Immediately introduced and passed. If
this suggestion should not prove prac
ticable the committee will report
promptly.
The Senate will resume consideration
of the naval appropriation bill at the
earliest possible moment. The only
disputed point undisposed of in connec
tion with the naval bill is the provision
in relation to the price of armor, which
Senators Tillman and Butler are mak
ing an effort to have reduced from $400
to $300, after the three battleships now
building are supplied. Both these Sen
ators and probably others will make
speeches in support of this amendment
and the debate will in all probability
be quite sharp. It does not appear
probable that the amendment will be
accepted by the Senate.
The Senate also will take up the army
reorganization bill as soon as it can be
reached after it is reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, by
which It will be given prompt consider
ation. The committee will also take
cognizance of -the supposed defects in
the volunteer army bill with a view to
correcting them if found as serious as
reported. This bill has been investi
gated by some of the best lawyers of
the Senate and most of them express
the opinion that it is not defective.
It is not believed that the war reve
nue bill will receive consideration from
the Senate this week, owing to the
probability that it will meet with suffi
cient opposition in the Finance Com
mittee to delay it there for some time.
The Democrats will seek to eliminate
the bond features of the bill and they
may attempt to incorporate a provision
for an income tax when the bill reaches
the committee, and a stubborn contest
is promised both in the committee and
Senate. Whether the bill is amended
in the committee or reported as it
comes from the House, the indications
are quite positive that it will be made
the basis of a prolonged discussion in
the Finance Committee.
If the President sends a message to
Congress to-morrow calling fo*r a decla
ration of war, as is now anticipated,
the response will be prompt and em
phatic. Now that war has been entered
upon even those Congressmen, like Mr.
Johnson of Indiana and Mr. Loud of
California, who have hung tack pro
testing to the last, have sunk their in
dividual ideas in the common cause,
and all are now anxious to give to the
President a united support in every
measure deemed essential, or neces
sary to prosecute the war to a speedy
and successful conclusion. In order to
show the world that all facti mal divi
sions have ceased and that the repre
sentations of the American people are
arrayed in a solid and imposing pha
lanx behind the Chief Executive the
declaration of war will be passed with
out a word of debate and upon the roll
call it is not likely that there will be a
dissenting voice.
Following the declaration of war the
House will proceed to the work of pro
viding the sinews with which to prose
cute it. But upon this there will not be
a unanimity. The Republicans and
Democrats hold widely different views
as to the methods by which the reve
nues to carry on the war should be
raised. No factious opposition, how
ever, will be offered by the minority.
The leaders of the minority are ex
tremely anxious, and they will insist
so far as they are able upon present
ing such substitute propositions as are
in line with their ideas and doctrines
for the bill framed by the Republican
members of the Ways'and Means Com
mittee which Chairman Dingley intro
duced into the House yesterday.
The Democrats of the House and es
pecially the leaders and the members ,
of thi^Waa*?. and. M£ans Committee, I
feel ftssrie?ed. because they have
neither been consulted nor had a voice
in the preparation of the war revenue
measure. In face of a foreign I
enemy they say they have sunk party
consideration and have voted to uphold
the hands of the President, and they i
believe that in realizing war inasmuch
as they are expected to acquiesce they \
should have a share. For the Republi- !
cans to meet in secret and prepare a i
measure strictly according to their own
ideas they maintain is a display of par
tisanship such as should not have been
piven at such a time.
The bill will not be presented to them |
formally until to-morrow morning, and I
Chairman Dingley expects to get it be- j
for» the House during the day. He i
thinks *v,« bin should pass and go to I
the Senate by Tuesday night at the lat
est. The Democrats will protest against
this expedition, but will probably not
carry their opposition beyond that.
Mr. Bailey, the Democratic leader, !
and other Democrats realize the nee- j
essity for prompt action, and whlie I
they feel they have been unfairly !
treated under the circumstances they j
will make no factious opposition. They j
are particularly desirous of the oppor- I
tunity to present substitute pro»osi- j
tions for various features of the bill as j
prepared. Mr. Bailey said they would
probably be willing to forego general j
debate if an sirranerement could be |
made to consider the entire bill for j
amendment tinder the five-minute rule. ;
The chief amendment they desire to j
offer is for an income tax which they j
believe a considerable proportion of the i
war tax should be raised from this
source. They are also opposed to some
of the pro-isions ,of the stamp tax
which they believe will prove enerous j
and irritating, and it is likely they will
offer propositions in lieu thereof for a I
tax of go cents per barrel on petroleum
and a graduated tax on railroad and !
other transportation tickets, both of
which propositions were considered by
COMMODORE GEORGE DEWEY, U. S. N., Command
ing the Fleet Which is Now on the Way to
i Blockade the Philippines.
[ the Republicans of the Ways and
j Means Committee, but rejected.
There is also considerable opposition
to the bond feature of the bill on the
i Democratic side, and whether with
\ unanimity or . ot, a motion will un
i doubtedly be made to strike it out. Mr.
! Bailey, however, is understood to
! recognize the necessit-' for an authori
zation for borrowing money. Some of
the Populists desire an authorization
for an issue of greenbacks. The bond
feature of the biil will probably be bit
terly attacked.
The whole week in the House Is likely
to be given largely to the consideration
of war measures, but some time will
probably be consumed in disposing of
two election cases and other minor
matters. Possibly the general defi
ciency bill might be taken up before the
week closes.
TO CAPTURE AMERICAN
MILLIONAIRES' YACHTS.
bpanish Craft Will Keep a Sharp
Lookout on the Mediterranean
Sea.
MADRID, April 24.— The decision to
reserve the right to issue letters of
marque is received with satisfaction by
the population in Spanish ports and
toast towns. It is estimated, though it
is difficult to say upon what grounds,
that in a very brief period between 1500
and 2000 corsairs can be equipped ready
for scouring the seas in search of con
traband of war destined for the United
States.
Much indignation is expressed here
over the capture of the Buena Ventura,
which is said to be contrary to the
usages of war, hostilities not having
been openly proclaimed before the ves
sel was taken.
There is a great deal of talk about
keeping a sharp lookout for yachts be
longing to American millionaires,
which, as the Imparcial ingeniously
says, would be worth capturing, as
those in the Mediterranean alone at the
present time represent a value of many
millions. Among them are the Valiant,
Marguerite, Sultan, Nahm and Arctu
rus. Swift vessels belonging to the
Spanish navy are to cruise about the
Straits of Gibraltar, the Suez canal
and the English Channel, so as to make
prizes of any of these yachts that may
attempt to pass through.
Spanish Ironclad Sails.
TOULON, France, April 24.— The old
Spanish iron clad Numanira, which has
been under repairs for months past at
the Lazarine ship yards, started yes
terday for Barcelona under sealed or
ders. Her repairs not being completed
she was towed by the Spanish steamer
Cabonea from Marseilles, starting in
the darkness in order to escape obser
vation.
SPAIN TO
DEPEND ON ,
CRUISERS
Will Not Issue Letters of
Marque, for a Time
at Least.
Madrid Decree Sets Forth the
Rules to Be Recognized by
That Government Dur=
ing the War.
MADRID, April 24.— A royal
decree has been published say
ing Spain maintains her right to
have recourse to privateering,
and announces that for the pres
ent only auxiliary cruisers will
be fitted out. All treaties with
the United States are annulled;
thirty days are given to the
United States ships to leave
Spanish ports, and the rules that
Spain will observe during the
war are outlined in five clauses,
covering neutral flags and goods
contraband of war, what will be
considered a blockade, the right
of search and what constitutes
contraband of war, ending with
saying foreign privateers will be
regarded as pirates.
Continuing, the decree adds:
We have striven with strictest fidelity
to observe the principles of international
law and have shown the most scrupulous
respect for morality and th*> right of
government. There is an opinion that the
fact that we have not adhered to the
declaration of Paris does not relieve
us from the duty of respecting the prin
ciples therein enumerated. The principle-
Spain unquestionably refused to admit
then was the abolition o f . privateering
The Government now considers it most
indispensable to make absolute reserve on
this point in order to maintain our liberty
of action and uncontested right to have
recourse to privateering when we con
sider it expedient.
First, by organizing immediately a
force of cruisers, auxiliary to the Davy,
which will be composed of vessels of our
mercantile marine and with equal dis
tinction in the work of our navy.
Clause 1. The state of war existing oe
tween Spain and the United States annuls
th«- treaty of peace and amity of October
27. 1796, and the protocol of January 12,
1^77 and all other agreements, treaties cr
conventions in force between the f*o
countries.
Clause 2. From the publication of these
presents, thirty days are granted to all
ships of the United States anchored in our
harbors to take their departure free of
hindrance.
Clause 3. Notwithstanding that Spain
has not adhered to the declaration of
Paris, the Government, respecting the
principles of the law of nations, proposes
to observe, and hereby orders to be ob
served, the following regulations of mar
itime law:
1. Neutral flags cover the enemy's mer
chandise, except contraband of war.
2. Neutral merchandise, except contra
band of war, is now seizable under the
enemy's flag.
3. A blockade to be obligatory must be
effective, viz: it must be maintained with
sufficient force to prevent access to the
enemy's littoral.
4. The Spanish Government, upholding
its right to grant letters of marque, will
at present confine itself to organizing,
with the vessels of the mercantile ma
rine, a force of auxiliary cruisers which
will co-operate with the navy according
to the needs of the campaign, and will be
under naval control.
5. In order to capture the enemy's ships
and confiscate the enemy's merchandise
and contraband of war under whatever
form, the auxiliary cruisers will exercise
the right of search on the high seas and
in the waters under the enemy's jurisdic
tion in accordance with international law,
and the regulations of which will be pub
lished.
6. Defines what is included in contra
band of war, naming weapons, ammuni
tion, equipments, engines, and in general
all the appliances used in war.
7. To be regarded and judged as pirates,
with all the rigor o-f the law, are cap
tains, masters, officers and two-thirds of
the crew of vessels which, not being
American, shall commit acts of war
against Spain, even if provided with let
ters of marque, issued by the United
States.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Span
ish article published by the Gaceta as
to the attitude of that Government re
garding privateering and the question
whether or not coal shall be held con
traband of war was discussed by the
State Department officials to-day. In
response to questions put to him, Judge
William L. Penfield, the solicitor of the
department, made the following un
official statement, which, he said, is
not to be regarded as indicating in any
way the action and policy of this Gov
ernment, but is given for the informa
tion of merchants and shippers:
This Government has not yet officially
prescribed a list of articles which it will
treat as contraband of war. If Spain has
taken any such action it is not yet made
public.
Each Government is competent to pre
scribe its own list for the guidance of its
own authorities. Such list is conclusive
upon the Government making it and upon
all neutral nations, in the absence of any
disregard of the treaty engagement and
of international law. Any gross disre
gard of such law or treaty obligations
would perhaps provoke the interposition
of any neutral state affected.
Until such list is prescribed the ques
tion whether articles are contraband
of war will be governed gener
ally by the law of nations and specifically
by the treaty stipulations by the bellig
erent captor and the neutral state to
whose subject the articles belong
International law gives no hard-and-fast
rule for the determination of the ques
tion whether articles are contraband ex
cept the general rule that all articles of
an essentially warlike character and des
tined for an enemy's use are contraband
Many articles, such as provisions, coal
etc.. are of an equivocal character, and
if destined for the enemy's use are
deemed contraband.
It follows that if such lists should be
prepared by the United States and Spain
they may be identical or may be widely
divergent, depending on the policy of
each Government. The action of each
Government will bind only itself and its
own prize courts and neutrals. The ques
tion whether contraband or not might
therefore depend upon whether the cap
tor was American or Spanish, and ship
pers in neutral vessels would not only
consider the goods shipped, but whether
destined for American or Spanish ports
and whether the goods are included in
the list denounced as contraband by the
one or the other state.
This Government has already on
nounced that it will not resort to pri
vateering Spain has announced the
same policy. In the light of the previous
declaration~by this Government Spain's
announcement that she will treat our
privateers as pirates is brutum fulmen—
worthy of Don Quixote. The Spanish
Government has published its Intention
to exercise the right of search. The right
to do so is undoubted. But the right can
be lawfully exercised only for the pur
pose of determining the nationality of
the ship and its destination, whether its
goods are neutral or enemy, whether
contraband or not, and whether its con-,
duct is unneutral or neutral. If Spain
adopts the policy adopted by this
Government that the neutral flag pro
tects the goods if the vessel and its con-
duct are neutral only contraband good.s-^
in such ships are subject to capture. Of
course all merchant ships must respect
an effective blockade on the penalty of
capture and confiscation.
MARCHED WITH HER SON
THROUGH CHICAGO STREETS.
Gray-Haired Woman the Central
Figure in a Pathetic Scene Wit
nessed by Thousands.
CHICAGO, April 24.— A sight fop
Spartan eyes was witnessed here to
day as the first detachment of naval
recruits from Chicago and Milwaukee
marched down the smooth asphalt of
Jackson boulevard to the Pennsylvania
depot, en route for New York to enter
active service. Notwithstanding that
the escort of 500 blue jackets of the Illi
nois Naval Reserve were showing a
faultless drill, while the strains of "The
Star Spangled Banner" were resound
ing from a gorgeously arrayed band,
said to be one of the first outdoor or
ganizations ever gathered in Chicago;
notwithstanding that every man of the
124 recruits was waving a small Ameri
can flag, there was something else that
had greater interest for the crowds of
people that lined the sidewalks in front
of the hotels, clubs, theaters and Board
of Trade. Everybody watched one fig
ure in black.
Right among the marching recruits
and keeping close alongside <>f a strap
ping young fellow in a light ov<
who was carrying a small traveling
grip was a woman of nearly sixty
years. She was dressed in mourr.ing,
and many a hurrah was hushed as peo
ple caught the first glimpse apparently
of a widowed, gray-haired mother per
sonally taking her son Into the rnrk
and file of the boys in blue. She kept
an arm around hint and hec hi .
bowpd, noticing no one else, 1 •■■
twenty other ynmen and girls— m"i
ers. wives and sweethearts— walk' .
with the recruits, but the attenti.
the spectators followed only the
woman in black until she was lost in
the distance.
I THE TRUTH !
The poor mortals who hnow
in their innermost hearts that I
they are not men in the best
>. sense of the word get dis-
heartened because they are ,
often given to understand i
that th"ir cases are incurable '
when they are not. It is true
that nothing except that
grand remedio - treatment,
"Hudyan," is infallible, but '
that really seems to be equal
to all cases. Not only, is life,
vitality, strength and vigor
restored by it, but it corrects
all results of the abuses of
nature's great functions
which erring mortals are sub- \
ject to. It corrects them un-
failingly ; it replaces the
strength that has been lost; \
it makes life again worth i
living. It does this always.
It has done it for nearly
15,000 people on this coast. \
Circulars and testimonials
ahout it are as free as the air
you breathe. Will you ash
about it ? Ash for
THE TRUTH!
The Hudsonian doctors give thei*
advice free, and they willingly send
circulars showing what wonders tha
"30-day blood cure" has accom-
plished. It is as swift as safe. It
cures all blood taint. No matter
who says you cannot be cured never
despair.
'HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
Railway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruise*.
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally, for all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cooler*
ICorbus and Sickness. Nausea, etc All Aiut-
flsU.REMAIN AT
CAPE VERDE
ISLANDS
Spain's Vessels Have Not
Yet Received Orders to
Sail for America.
Oregon and Marietta May Be in
Danger, but Naval Officers Say
the Battleship Will Not
Be Easily Taken.
Copyrlrhtefl. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. VINCENT, Cape de Verde
Islands, April 24. — I -was In
formed to-day by a naval of leer,
whose position is such that in
formation coming from him may
be taken as absolutely reliable,
that the only reason rW the de
tention of the Jpanish squadron
here is that the admiral has not
yet received his sailing orders
from Madrid.
This strictly confirms the denial
cabled to the Kerald yesterday of the
reports "f a mutiny in the crew and
the machinery of the vessels had
bled. My informant also told
me that the admiral and the other of
s of the squadron were expecting
orders to sail I at almost any
minute. This statement is borne out
by the fact that every vessel has been <
for two days all prepared for a hur- \
ried departure, fires being kept banked, j
Every one in the fort is be-in? made!
to keep the bunkers of both cr
and ' .as tilled to their utmost
capacity. To Bucta an extent is this
■i carried that each morning
colliers run alongside the fleet to re- ,
I I thai baa been used during
the preceding I
BUENOS A.YRES. April 24.— The
Spai un vessel Temerario
is now lyii-g r in the inner
■ .it Mon >i'l>'». The fact that
has not steam up and that there
•\>> unusual Bigns of activity on
: may be taken as indicating
she is noi likely to sail to-day. It
la the general that the Span
ish vessel will not undertake to give
battle to th nited States battle-ship
md gunboat Marietta, wbicn
in thi vicinity on
their way to the United States. The
run t>> the outer roads was
to try the machinery and to give the
k ice run.
The Oregon and Marietta have not
een sighted at Montevideo. Sub
scriptions for war purposes which have
iniiertakon by Spaniards here are
Ing with gooO success. Among the
ribers are many Frenchmen and
us. The Uruguayan Red Cross
•y has informed the Ppanish com
mission that it is prepared to send an
expedition to Cuba. The Herald cor
ndent in Rio de Janeiro informs
ri" that 300 Americans there have ex-
pressed a wia t" go as sailors on
; the NictherO" when she starts
for the United States. The battalion
f(irm"«l by the Spaniards now includes
more than 500 men.
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Wash
ondent of the Herald
dcs being officially informed
to-day that tn Spanish fleet at St.
Vincent was still at that point, the
Navy Department received advices that
the Spanish t< rpedo gun vessel Teme
rario which was reported yesterday to
i g Ayres, had simply
dropped down !h>- roads, and is still,
ntine waters. The
that the Temerario has not put to
rarded as most suspicions by
. :!iid In connection with
the retention of the Spanish fleet at
Verde Islands, in regarded as In
tive of the purpose of tht- Madrid
Government to use the little effort to
..pass, if possible, the destruction
of the American battleship Oregon and
her consort, the gunboat Marietta.
I was told to-day that on account of
the b trail tions between the
United States and Spain during the
past two months, the exportation of
coal from the United States to South
American countries had been greatly
ed, and that there is danger of a
coal famine in Brazil.
Having knowledge of this fact, the
Spaniards, I was told by a member of
th" late legation of Spain before his
departure from the city some 'lays ago,
would lay In wail in force for the Ore
gon oft Cape St. Rogue and give battle
to that vessel and the Marietta as soon
as they were sighted. Of course the
Ish Minister in Brazil will cable
to his Government the arrival and de
parture of American ships, so that
Spain Will be able to gauge the move
ments of her fleet with a view to the
prompt interception of vessels flying
thf- stars and strips.
Th^ report that the Navy Depart
ment was advised by cable yesterday
of the arrival of the Oregon and Mari
etta at Punta Arenas is without foun
• . In the first place, there is no
cable communication with Punta Are
nas, and in the second, the authorities
hrtvf' reason to believe that the Oregon
hns pass"') through the Straits of Ma
gellan and is now on her way up the
Atlantic to Rio. The fact that the in
struction* given to the Oregon and
Marietta required thr-m to meet at
Punta Arenns may have givon rise to
the report of the arrival of vessels
there.
It is the bflipf of officials that the
m v ill b>. able to. take care of her-
Belf, and that the Marietta will assist
in this very noble duty.
Tf it should be found that Minister
I'ryan Is unable to <"'btain sufficient
coal at Rio for the American ships col
liors will bo sent down to the West In
dies to meet them.
HAVANA CABLE
HAS BEEN CUT
Continued from First Page.
between that point and Ja-
> maica, thus entirely severing
communication
between Cuba and the out
side world, except such mat
ters as are sent through the
United States censorship.
This censorship has already
been rigidly established at
Key West. The Government
I has seized the cabie office at
: that point and discharged all
; the operators except one, who
has been put under oah not
to reveal any matter sent
from the fleet to Washington.
Besides this he is closely
watched to prevent his com
municating information to
correspondents. A detail of
marines is constantly on
guard at the cable office. It
is said the censorship will be
extended to Punta Gorda.
Orders have been issued
by the Navy Department to
prevent newspaper boats
from following the fleet, thus
doubling the difficulty of ob
taining accurate information,
as well as greatly delaying it.
The officers and crew of
the captured ship Buena Ven
tura have been given their
liberty after a consultation of
the navy and army officers
at Key West. The captain
and purser, as well as the
crew, were compelled yester
day to shovel coal into the
Helena notwithstanding their
strenuous objections. They
were not held as prisoners of
war, because they were cap
tured on the high seas before
war had been formally de
clared.
Colonel Mac Arthur, chief of
General Wade's staff, to-day
inspected the Plant line
steamers at Port Tampa. At
present the Olivette, Florida
and Margaret are lying there.
As soon as the Mascotte ar
rived this afternoon she was
boarded by officers and thor
oughly examined. Colonel
Mac Arthur expressed himself
satisfied with all the vessels
for transportation purposes.
A large number of refugees
came over from Key West on
the Mascotte, swelling the
large colony already domi
ciled here.
Matters were quite quiet
out at the big soldier camp
to-day. General Wade vis
ited and inspected it, and
issued the first general orders.
A quantity of commissary
and quartermaster supplies
arrived. Work may begin on
an extra warehouse at Port
Tampa at once. Thousands
of citizens took advantage of
Sunday to visit the camp. In
the forenoon religious serv
ices were held. More citi
zens than soldiers attended.
Many officers went to Port
Tampa in the afternoon. In
the evening there were sa
cred concerts by regimental
bands. General Graham,
commanding the Department
of the Gulf, arrived from Key
West on the Mascotte. He
left for the North to-night.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
Bi rdseye View of the Western Half of Cuba and the Adjacent Waters, Showing the Disposition oF the American Fleet,
With Current Incidents of the Situation.
On the left watching the coasts about Matar.zas and Cardenas are the monitors Puritan and Amphltrite with the cruiser Cincinnati and the
Castine. Across the island to the south of the important port of Cienfuegos are the Nashville, Machias and Detroit.
About Havana anil to the west along the Mariel Cabanas and Bahia Honda coasts the main body of the fleet,, including the New York, lowa and
Indiana, under Admiral Sampson's Immediate direction are maintaining a close watch. In the immediate foreground the speedy flagship New York is
shown overhauling a Spanish merchant steamer, while the swift little Ericsson is on the wing as it were to the cable office at Key West with dis
patches. Away in the distance, near the Isle of Pines, is the Mangrove on her way to cut the cables running from Santiago de Cuba to Jamaica and
other points. On he land to the left is General Gomez with his army covering the country to the east of Santa Clara and Cienfuegos, and effectually
blocking the way of communications with the eastern half of the lalan '.
The principal towns and cities held by the Spaniards, of which almost every one Is a "reconcentrado" station, are indicated by small Spanish
flags.
As may be noticed, the coast land on the south side from Cape San Antonio west to Cienfuecos is low and swampy, and that port is the only one
on that side of the west half of the island admitting an-- but very light draught vessels, and is therefore the only one requiring any special attention.
The blockade, as established, shutting, as it does, all the ports connected with Havai.a by rail, is as effectual as if the whole island were in like man
ner encompa sed with war ships.
WILL RETURN
WITH PRIZES
Mission of the Cruisers
Minneapolis and
Columbia.
Sent to Sea to Prey Upon
Spanish Commerce and
Act as Scouts.
Will Not Return to Port Without
Some Captured Craft to Pay
lor the Voyage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 24.— The "Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
says: Spain's commerce will suffer
from the ravages which the cruisers
Minneapolis and Columbia are expect
ed to make. I learned to-night on ex
cellent authority that the primary
cause of the departure of these two
I commerce destroyers from Hampton
i Roads last night was the ascertaining
■ of the whereabouts of Spanish men-of
war which were reported yesterday as
having left St. Vincent, their destina
'. tion unknown. The commanders of the
Minneapolis and the Columbia are in
structed to capture any Spanish mer
i chantman which they might chance to
meet on their cruise.
The immediate necessity of informa
tion of the location of the Spanish fleet
has been obviated by reason of the fact
that the Navy Department learned this
afternoon from an official source at St.
Vincent that the report of the depart
ure of any of the Spanish vessels was
erroneous. As to the length of time the
cruisers will remain at sea the officials
are silent, but it is generally under
stood that they will not return to port
without having some prizes to show as
a result of the voyage they are now
making.
The work which the Columbia and
Minneapolis have been called upon to
perform is work for which they were
especially constructed — that of scout
ing and preying upon an enemy's com
merce. These vessels are the swiftest
of their class in the world, their triplo
screw design being the suggestion of
Engineer-in-Chief Melville.
HOW ENGLAND WILL
OBSERVE NEUTRALITY.
LONDON, April 24.— 1t is announced
the Prince of Wales held a council yes
terday at Marlborough House on be
half of the Queen, for the purpose of
approving the draft of the neutrality
proclamation. It is supposed that the
proclamation will he strictly in the line
of precedents, calling attention to the i
British foreign enlistment act. etc., and
warning British subjects against block
ade breaking or aiding the belligerents
in any way.
The foreign office will send to the
treasury and the home, colonial and
Indian "offices the usual notice prohib
iting Spanish and American ships the
use of British harbors for warlike pur
poses.
The coaling question will be met by
a provision that belligerents would be
supplied at British ports with no more
coal than is sufficient to carry them to ;
the nearest port of their own country
or some nearer destination, and no
more coal would be supplied to the
same vessel within three months, ex
cept by special permission. Armed
ships will be prohibited from carrying
prizes into British ports, including
those of the colonies.
THE BLOCKADE OF CUBA.
STYLES IT AH
ACT OF PIRACY
Madrid Still Raging Over
the Taking of the
Buena Ventura.
Press Warns the People to
Place No Credence in
Rumors.
Philippine Rebels Said to Bs Acting
in Conjunction With. Our
Warships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 24.— There were |
slight demonstrations early this morn- I
ing and again this evening, but they i
were dispersed by Governor Aguilera. j
The one subject of conversation j
throughout the day has been the cap- \
ture of the Buena Ventura prior to a
formal declaration of hostilities or the
lapse of the time limit in the American j
ultimatum. The papers describe it as
an act of piracy.
Many rumors are afloat as to cap- j
tures on both sides. The papers warn
the populace not to be elated or de
pressed by such statements, insisting
that many of them originate on foreign ■
bourses for gambling purposes.
The attitude of the citizens of Madrid
to-day is irreproachable. Several Amer- !
ican correspondents left by the Sunday i
express. Probably the fact that the j
Cabinet Council was held in the morn- i
ing instead of this afternoon, as had |
been arranged, means that news has i
been received necessitating prompt ac
tion, but nothing has been divulged to
the public.
Advices have been received from j
Manila. Philippine Islands, to the ef- i
feet that when news was received there
of the sailing of the American squad- i
ron from Hongkong an imposing popu- J
lar demonstration took place, all classes \
offering their property and lives in de- !
fense of the country. The_ enthusiasm |
is described as "tremendous."
Rumors are being circulated that the
Philippine filibusters are co-operating j
with the American squadron, but there i
is no official confirmation of them.
GOMEZ TO DO MOST OF
THE LAND FIGHTING.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— Secretary
Sherman said to-day that it was his
expectation that for the present and
the immediate future the insurgent
army would do the greater part of the
fighting in Cuba. He added the state
ment that there was no intention of
taking the militiamen and new re
cruits into Cuba until thoroughly in
ured to the hardships of actual mili
tary life, and that probably the regu
lars would be held in this country un
til later in the season.
The Secretary expressed the opinion
that Admiral Sampson's fleet would
take the first opportunity to form a
junction with Gomez' army, and that
thenceforth there would be perfect co
operation between those two organiza
tions in conducting the war against
the common enemy.
"The insurgents are the best men for
this service at present," said the Sec
retary, "and they can be trusted to do
serious work when well armed and
well clpthed."
NAVAL SECRETS
TO BE GUARDED
Commodore Schley Has
Issued a Practical
Censorship.
Only Commanders of Vessels
to Know of Projected
Movements.
New Fortifications to Ba Erected at
a Point Opposite Fort
Monroe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FORT MONROE, April 24 (on board
flagship Brooklyn). — For strategic pur
poses and for the protection of infor
mation that might be of value to the
enemy Commodore Schley of the flying
squadron has issued a practical censor
ship over those in his command relative
to the divulging of the reason for any ;
movements made or to be made by the
squadron or individual ships of the
squadron. To more fully carry out that
plan of protection to I'.overnment in
terests only commanding officers are
made aware <>f such movements and
responsibility is thus minimized.
Sunday here passed very quietly.
The Maryland resLM'ves, ■who are to
man the Yosemite and Dixie, arrived
by boat early this morning. The two
converted boats will be ready in a day
or two, being at Newport News yards
undergoing improvements.
When the Maryland reserves passed '
the Brooklyn they cheered heartily.
The Sioux, a converted tug under
command of Lieutenant Gherardi, and
which mounts several rapid fire guns,
left the ship and the men c-n board the
Brooklyn gave her a hearty cheer as
she passed out. The hospital boat Sol
ace left Newport News for Norfolk,
where she will take on medical stores.
To-night the precaution was begun j
of putting out a patrol fleet of steam ;
cutters fully equipped to- fight and to
give warning if any enemy appeared.
The work of strengthening the forti
fications at Fort Monroe continued all
day with a large working force, as did
also the work of laying mines in the
harbor. Where the old eight and ten j
inch converted rifles used to stand will ;
be mounted a battery erf modern rapid ,
fire guns, which are expected to com
mand Hampton Roads and Chesapeake j
Bay, and make it Impossible for a tor- j
pecto boal ol the enemy to enter. These I
guns. It is i bought, will be in fighting
condition at the end of this week.
The work is not confined to the fort
Itself by any means, for active prepa
rations for a possible conflict are being
made at the "Pines Battery," and on
the beach of Chesapeake Bay, midway
between this battery and the fort.
Here four new disappearing guns will
be mounted behind breastworks of the
most modern and substantial kind.
In addition to this the immense bat- i
tery of sn-. x.-th bore puns is ready for
use, and at a range of one mile will i
prove terribly destructive.
At Willoughby Spit, opposite Fort
Monroe, and which point controls the ■.
entrance to Norfolk, Newport News ■
and the James and Potomac, rivers, a
board of naval officers has made an in
spectton with a view of constructing a
fort to co-operate with Fort Monroe. J
It is expected that active operations on
the fort will begin this week and be ,
rushed to completion without delay.
Says Leo Favors Spain.
LONDON, April 25.— The Rome cor-
respondent of the Standard says: "The
Queen asked the blessing of the Pope
on Spanish arms. His Holiness re
plied that he sent it from his heart
and hoped to see a vindication of
Spain's rights, which had been tram
pled upon."
ADVERTISEMENT"?.
• -r. - -i _ ,
Make Your
Boy Proud
of himself, Iris country, his flag, his
clothes. Now is the time to fill him
with the spirit of patriotism and loy-
alty. Make him happy with a new
suit of clothes, and he will make you
happy in return.
Put such clothes as these on him and see him swell with pride.
Sailor suits in light blue with large square collar trimmed with red
and white silk, soutache braid; French cuffs; neat design on
shield. Also, in plain square collar and shield trimmed with black
silk soutache braid. Boys' Middy Suits with red inlaid cloth on
vest and collar; trimmed with white silk soutache braid. All these
suits have knee pants, with buckle and bow at knee, making very
stylish, dressy garments for boys 3 to 8 years. For this week the
price is
We've just opened our boys' department
—everything is new, fresh and bright,
just from the factory, and the best
money can buy.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
VENTED RAGE
ON OUR FLAG
Spaniards at Guantanamo
Pelt Old Glory With
Mud.
Show of Anger When Ameri
can Refugees Sail
Away.
Consul Triay and Party Reach King
ston fcafely on tho Steamer
Ely.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 24.— 0n
the steamship Ely which arrived her»
from Cuba was Alfredo Triay, United
States Consul at Paracao, for whose
safety fears have been expressed. With,
Mr. Triay were his wife and two chil
dren and several other foreigners,
mostly Cubans. By request of th«
United States Consul here, Mr. Dent,
the local government released the Ely
from quarantine. She came up tho
harbor at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Among her thirty-one passengers wera
Mr. Branet, a naturalized American, of
Branet & Co. of Guantanamo, and hi 3
family. Of the Cubans aboard the prin
cipal ones were Senora and Senorita
Brooks, relatives of the head of the firm
of Brooks & Co. of Chilbos.
When the Ely reached Guantanamo
on Firday morning Brooks & Co.
chartered her, erbling to .bowringr &.
Archibald of New York and paying
$1000. The Ely left the same evening
at 8 o'clock. Spanish officials made no
opposition to the departure of the
refugees, but the populace was angry.
There were demonstrations and crowds
paraded the streets shouting "Viva
Espana," drawing American flags
through the mud and pelting them witli
dirt and stones. The passengers left
without passports.
The adjacent town and ports of San
tiago de Cuba have been evacuated
and all troops have been concentrated
in Santiago. Mr. P.ranet says Chat
some Americans connected with the
mines may still be left in Santiago, but
they in all probability sailed on the
Juragua Company's steamer, which, it
is expected, may touch at Porto An
tonio. Two English steamers from
New York were expected to touch
shortly after the Ely left at Guan
tanamo and Santiago.
Great activity has been shown by the
Spanish in Santiago in preparing de
fenses. The Spanish are drafting
troops there to go to Havana. Two
boats were to leave with regiments on
April 21.
The refugees will remain here for
the present. The British war vessel
Pallas arrived at Porto Antonio this
evening, and Porto Antonio reports
that no vessel has arrived there to-day
from Cuba.
Cadets Soon to Graduate.
"WEST POINT, N. T.. April 24.— The
class of '93 at the military academy
will net be graduated next Tuesday, as
has been reported. From official
sources it is learned, however, that an
early graduation Is regarded as certain.
34
ORGANIZING
WAR FORCES
Bureau Chiefs at Work
Forming the Army of
Volunteers.
Secretary Alger Will To- Day
Issue Rules Governing
Enlistments.
Status of the Notional Guards of the
Several States Clearly
Defined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Alger a: d Major General Miles,
commanding the army, were at the
War Department for several hours to
dcy, attending t< the details of army
organization. All chiefs of bureaus,
•with nmst of their assistants, were in
their offices the entire day, many of
them working late into the evening to
facilitate the work of Increasing and
equipping the military force.
Assistant Secretary of War Meikle-
John, Adjutant General Corbin and offi
cials of the adjutant general's and
Judge adovcate general's offices, were
engaged all day in perfecting regula
tions of the department regarding en
listments in the volunteer army, necessi
tated by President McKinley's procla
mation calling for 125.000 troops. The
officials have been besieged with U-le
grams from State officers and mem
bers of the National Guards, requesting
further enlightenment on the interpre
tation of the new volunteer army law.
Many of th^so telegrams give evidence
of a general objection on the part of
the National Guards to becoming a
part of the army fur the occupation of
Cuba, if they cannot retain their pres
ent identity in the organization.
Secretary Alger <? expected to issue
to-morrow rul.s and regulations of the
department, which will govern the en
listment of volunteers. The Governors
of States will each be addressed in a
Utter from the Secretary of War stat
ing the authority and the object of
raising volunteers finally, and leaving
t'l the Governors the selection of com
pany and regimental officers for troops
to be raised in their States. Recruiting
rendezvous in charge of officers de
tailed by th* department will be se
lected at convenient points. Some of
the regular army poets will be used as
recruiting Btations.
All volunteers who present them
selves at recruiting stations will
subject to the regular medical examin
ation by the medical officer detached
by the department prescribed for re
cruits in the United States army.
Those who pass this examination will
be furnished transportation to camps
of concentration, where they will l>e
formed into c mpaniefl and regriir
National guarlsmen who volunteer will
necessarily sever their connection with
their State organizations. This will
not prevent entire companies and regi
ments of National Guards from enlist
ing in a body In the volunteer army,
provided each member of the organi
sations can pass the necessary examin
ation for entrance into the United
States service. Enlistments, however,
■will all be individual and the muster-
Ing in of whole companies or regiments
Will be done by United States officers
only as a concession to the wishes of
men who may desire to serve with
those with whom they have been iden
tified in the State militia.
In cases whore only a part of a regi
ment of National Guardsmen is found
qualified to enter the United States
Bervice only eligible men will be en
liFted and the regiments filled up with
other recruits, who may themselves be
Other National Guardsmen.
As a result of the conference of Oen
eral Ludinpton and Lieutenant Colonel
Furey, rush orders will be issued to
manufacturers through. ut the country
for the quick do] ivory of about 50,000
uniforms, several thousand tents and
large quantities of miscellaneous camp
utensils, wagons, etc.
Reports received by Brigadier Gen
eral John M. Wilson to-day show very
rapid progress in the planting of sub
marine mines in harbors and river en
trances. The work will probably be
completed along the entire coast line
by to-night.
MONSTER DEMONSTRATION
BY VALENCIA SPANIARDS.
More Than a Hundred Thousand
People Shout Their Defiance
of America.
Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Corion IVnneU.
VALENCIA, April 24.— T0-day's war
demonstration here surpassed in
strength and in patriotic enthusiasm
anything witnessed in this country
within the memory of man. The city
turned out en masse. More than 100,000
person? of all classes — the poorest and
the richest, side by side—marched
under thousands of national flags
to swell the note c-f fierce defiance
to what is termed American aggression
which now vibrates throughout the
land. The gentle se::, arrayed in the
classic mantilla and decked with
flowers and ril-bons of national colors,
outrivalled their brothers in bellicose
ardor.
Some venerable relics of Spain's past
glories figured in the procession. Among
them was the standard that was borne
before Don Jaime, the Conqueror, when
he besieged and took Valencia from the
Moors nearly seven 3nturles ago, and
a fac simile of the f!ag carried by T^ti
Juan de Aupt ' ■ at the memorable
battle of Lepanto.
The most conspicuous mottoes were:
"War to the and No Quarter";
"Long Live Privateering," and "Don't
Buy Anything From the English."
The dry basin of an ornamental foun
tain en route was utilized as a recep
tacle for contributions to the war fund,
and a continual shower of silver, bank
notes and humbl bronze coins flowed
Into It as the demonstration filed paat.
TORPEDO FLEET WILL
COAL AT SAN JUAN
Provisions for Twenty Thousand
Troops at Ponce Are Daily
Expected.
CopyrlßlitPd. 1«?8. by Jam«>s Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, West Indies, April 24.—
From the Herald's correspondent in
San Juan, Porto Itico, I learn that four
months' provisions for 20,000 troops at
Ponce, are daily expected. Arrange
ments for the reception of the Spanish
torpedo flotilla at San Juan, Porto Rico,
continue. It is almost certain that the
entire Meet will have to coal and be
provisioned, and just at this time this
will be a severe drain on the resources
of the island. The Bishop of Antigua
and a party of refugees from Porto
Rico arrived here on schooners to-day.
Death of a Philanthropist.
XEW YORK, April 24.— Dr. Cornelius N.
Hoagland, a woll-known philanthropist,
died to-night at his home in Brooklyn,
aged 76 years.
UNITED STATES HAS
NOT SEIZED HAWAII
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The report that Admiral Miller has seized the Hawaiian Islands and
raised the American flag by order of the President is denied in the highest official circles. At the Navy
Department it is said that such a course would be extremely unwise in that it would add to the responsi
bilities of the United States the necessity of nrotecting the islands. They are now neutral territory, and
Great Britain and Japan would certainly join in maintaining them as neutral. There is no doubt of the
strong friendship of the Hawaiian Government for the United States or the willingner of President Dole
and his Cabinet to welcome a seizure. But it is regarded that seizure would be a poor strategic move, and
it has not even been advised by prominent navy officials. It is further authoritatively sta'ed that Admiral
Miller will return to the United States in a very short time and assume command of the Pacific Coast
squadron. *
GIVE CHASE
TO AN ITALIAN
Exciting Pursuit by Four
Vessels of Sampson's
Fleet.
Seamen Deeply Disappointed
When the Ship's Identity
Is Learned.
Thought the Gunboat Was n Span
iard and That There Would Be
a Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON BOARD THE FLAGSHIP NEW
YORK, OFF HAVANA, April 23—
(Filed at Key West, midnight, April
23).— The Puritan, Nashville, Marble
head and Ericsson arrived from Key
West this m< rning. The Ericsson al
! most immediately returned to Key
West with dispatches. At 10 o'clock
■ this morning the monitor Puritan, the
j cruiser Cincinnati, the gun boats
1 Machias, Nashville. Castine and New
! port and the iorpedo boats Root and
' Winslow left the squadron to blockade
j Matanzas, Mariel and Cardenas. They
formed separate divisions, and after
■ they had passed out of sight the re
'; malner of the fleet took up a regular
I formation, having drifted some fifteen
; miles from Morro Castje. The general
j advance was made at half speed. Cap
. tain Evans, not quite certain of the po
i sition he was entitled to take with the
j lowa, caught v-> abreast of the flagship
i and shouted through the megaphone:
"How near may I go?"
Rear Admiral Sampson, who was
standing on the after bridge, replied:
"As -near as you can without damage
from the fire of the batteries."
"All right." Captain Evans shouted
! back, in tones that expressed the keen
est disappointment. The lowa then
j went ahead.
About a half hour after the squad
j ron was well under way, the cruiser
I Cincinnati was seen on the eastern
horizon, smoke pouring from her fun
| nels. She had been headed for Matan
j zas. and evidently had turned back to
; chase some vessel. The object of her
| pursuit was soon made out, standing
veil in toward the coast. The flagship,
the cruiser Marblehead and the gun
boat Wilmington immediately turned
out of the course to head the warship
off. The remainder of the squadron
proceeded to the westward. Smoke
poured from our ships. The flagship
was making eighteen knots, the whole
j vessel throbbing with the vibrations of
! her twin screws. The little Wllmlng
i ton steamed up in splendid style, and
j the fast cruiser Marblehead kept nearly
I abreast. The formidable trio bore
1 down upon the warship. Then a shout
"She is a Spaniard."
For the next ten minutes the excite
ment was intense. The distance which
separated the vessels rendered it im
possible to make out the warship's
identity. She was thought to be the
Vizcaya or the Oquendo, heading hard
for Havana. The men at the puns
phouted with glee. The stokers off duty
also cheered vociferously and begged
to be allowed to go on deck to help
shoot at the first armed enemy met.
The officers crowded on the quarter
deck as elated as the men, though un
der better comtrol. The bugler blew
"general quarters," and all hands flew
to their posts. Down came the shrouds
with a rattle. Life lines vanished from
the d<v k. Rear-Admiral Sampson,
standing on the bridge, said deliberate
ly to Captain Chad wick:
"Yes, the Oquendo or the Vizcaya,"
and then added: "I should like to bag
them both."
Then it was seen that the chase was
flying an Italian flag. But this was no
proof that behind her still invisible
guns Spaniards were not concealed,
ready to shoot under advantage of
subterfuge. All the guns on the New
York's port side and in the forward and
after turrets were trained on the stran
ger. A few minutes later, when about
1500 yards separated the New York
from her target, the American flag was
run up by the warship and then it was
known she was not a Spaniard. A puff
of smoke issued from her sides and
the boom of a gun Rounded across the
waters. It was only a salute, but at
first many on board thought Rear-Ad
miral Sampson had been deceived. Rut
she fired one of her guns as a salute,
which was returned by the flagship,
whlrh also flew an Italian flag.
The stranger was then made out to
be the Giovanni Bausan. a powerful
cruiser. Without further formalities
she pursued her course and entered Ha
; vcina harbor.
Thus an exciting incident ended in
disappointment, but it served to show
how anxious all hands are for a real
fight, and how splendid the discipline is
when a conflict seems imminent.
DAVIS DECLINES THE
PORTFOLIO OF STATE.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— While
there is every reason to believe that
Secretary Sherman contemplates re
tirement from the Cabinet at no very
distant date the indications now are
that the change will not take place im
mediately. He declined to discuss the
queston tc--day, intimating there was
more in the newspapers concerning his
intentions than was justifies by the
facts.
There is no doubt, however, that the
President. considers the Secretary's re
tirement among the probabilities. He
discussed the contingency with some
Of his callers to-day, and it is under
stood that Senator Davis was asked
whether, in case there should be a va
cancy in the Secretaryship of State, he
wc-uld favorably consider an invitation
to fill it. and the Senator replied in the
negative. It is also understood that
the Minnesota Senator's reason for
taking this position Is the fact that he
prefers his position in the Senate, and,
considering himself reasonably sure of
re-election decided to remain where
he Is.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
REGULARS AT
CHICKAMAUGA
Crowds of Visitors View
the Camp of the
Soldiers.
Colored Troopers Joined by
Whites in "My Country,
'Tis of Thee."
Impressive Scenes An-ong the Brave
Boys in Blue Who May Soon Face
the Spaniards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 24.—
All roads led to Chickamauga to-day.
The national park where ■were en
camped nearly 8000 of the United
States regular troops was the loadstone
which drew thousands of people from
all the surrounding country and for
the day nearly depopulated Chat
tanooga. Even before sunrise the
stream of humanity had started toward
the park, and by afternoon fully 50,000
people were scattered through the vast
grounds watching the incoming soldiers
unload and march to their as
signed camping places, and noting with
interest the different phases of a sol
dier's life on the field. Kodak fiends
by the score were there and took snap
shots at every opportunity.
The long Government road leading
from Chattanooga out through Ross
ville and Ross Gap to the park was
fairly choked with vehicles all day.
Excursion trains brought in thousands
from Nashville, Memphis, Cincinnati.
Atlanta, Huntsvllle, Ala., and all the
Intermediate towns and villages. It be
ing Sunday all drills were suspended,
and the soldiers, who were fairly \vell
settled in their camping places, had
little to do but lounge around. Around
the railroad yards it was a busy scene.
The arrivals of troops during the day
were heavy, but very few delays O£
curred on this account.
The Eighth Infantry from Fort Rus
sell, Wyoming, 500 men, under Colonel
Van Horn, which were among last
night's arrivals, were switched out to
the park about noon. They were fol
lowed by seven companies of the
Eighth Infantry, which are from Fort
Logan, Colorado. This regiment con
sisted of about 550 men, and was com
manded by Colonel Benham. With the
Eighth Infantry it was assigned a
I camping place in a field to the east of
I "Bloody Pond."
Late in the afternoon an escort of
colored cavalry came in. They were
followed by eight companies of tho
Seventh Infantry, which arrived from
Fort Douglass, near Salt Lake City,
with 164 men and officers, under com
mand of Colonel J. F. Kent. Many
troops are expected in to-morrow morn
ing, including the First Infantry from
| the Presidio and Benicia barracks, Cali
i fornia, the Second Infantry from the
Montana posts and Batteries C and F,
Third Artillery, from the Presidi >. By
to-morrow it is expected that close to
10.000 solidiers will b. located at the
park. Nearly the entire colored popula
tion of Chattanooga and the country
around was apparently gathered
around the camping places of the Ninlh
and Tenth Cavalry and the Twenty
fifth Infantry. The latter was the
special object of homage.
The Twenty-fifth had religious serv
ices during the afternoon in the open
air. The eh: lain, Rev. Theopilus
Steward, preached a short sermon to
the assembled sable-colored warriors,
the regimental band fur:.ishing the
music.
A striking incident occurred at the
close of the services. The band struck
up "My Country, 'Tls of Thee." and
instantly every soldier was on his feet
with his hand raised in salute, wh?>
from hundreds of dusky throats the
grand words of the American natinvU
song poured out. The throngs of people
lingering near ook up the refrain. The
staff of Major-General Brooke is now
complete, and by to-morrow all de
partments will be located at the park.
SHAFTER TO COMMAND
FIRST INVADING FORCE.
Will Be Sent to Capture a Port and
Communicate With the Insur
gents.
NEW YORK, April 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Her; d says: Brig
adier-General William R. Shafter, com
manding the U 'ted States troops
concentrated at New Orleans, has been
summoned t . Washington by orders of
Secretary Alger and is expected to ar
rive in this city to-morrow or Tussday.
It is understood his visit to Wash
ington is for the purpose of consulting
with the President, Secretary Alger and
Major-General Miles concerning the
administration's plans for the occupa
tion of Cuba.
I learn that the administration has
under consideration a plan for the im
mediate seizure by the gnalf fleet of a
Cuban port from which communica
tion may be had with the insurgents.
To garrison and ' old this port and the
adjacent country it will be necessary
to send t > Cuba an army of about 15,000
or 18,000 men. This force would consist
of two divisions, each to be com
manded by a major-general. It is
stated that if this plan is adopted one
of the major-generalships of volunteers
will be given to General Shafter and
the other to -irigadier-General Elwell
S. Otis, former j commanding the de
partment of Colorado, and that these
officers will direct the first military op
erations in
General Shafter would command the
expedition. Constant communication
wuuld be kept up between the gulf
ports and the captured Cuban port, and
arms, munitions and supplies would be
furnished to the insurgents in large
Quantities. Th* reconcentrados within
reach are to be fed by the commissary
department of tht_ army.
»♦■ , .
To Cure a Cold in One Day
j Take Laxative Quinine Tablets. All druir
i (fists refund ' the money If it falls to cur.' 25c.
I The f euuiae has L. B. <J. oa eacb ' tablet .
PRIZES FROM
THE SPANIARDS
How Naval Officers Are
Rewarded for Captur
ing Vessels.
Cash Consideration Depends
Upon Whether the Foe Is of
Equal or Superior Strength.
•
At Any Rate the Officers and Crews
in the Navy Will Reap Rich
Rewards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 24.
Secretary Lcng has received from
Rear-Admiral Sampson dispatches
telling of the capture of several of the
Spanish merchantmen, which are to be
held as prizes and to be disposed of ac
cording to !avv if the protests made
against such seizures are held to be
without ground. Judge Advocate Gen
eral Lemley. the law officer of the'
Navy Department, has been looking
up the statutes on the subject, and is
prepared to assist the Secretary in any
way necessary. The law provides that
the condemnation proceedings in tht
matter of prize vessels shallbeconduct
ed under the supervision of the Dis
trict Courts. It is made the duty of
the commanding officer of the vessel
making a capture to secure the docu
ments of the ship and cargo, and send
them, together with certain witnesses
from the captured vessel, to the Dis
trict Court in which the proceedings
for the distribution of the prize money
are to be had. The attorney for the
United States is to promptly file a
libel against the prize property and
take other proceedings necessary.
The evidence is to be taken by prize
commissioners, not exceeding three in
number, one of whom is to be a naval
officer, and at least one of the others a
member of the bar of not less than
three years' standing and acquainted
with the taking of depositions. If the
sale of. the prize is ordered the gross
proceeds are ' to be deposited with the
Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at the place nearest to the sal 6.
subject to the orders of the court. The
court is to make a decree of distribu
tion, determining what vessels are to
share in the prize, and whether the
prize was of superior, equal or inferior
force to the vessel or vessels making
the capture. The net proceeds of all
property condemned as prize shall,
when the prize was of superior or equal
force to the vessel or vessels making the
capture, be decreed to the captors.
This provision was evidently put in the
law with a view to encouraging ves
sels' captains to exert their greatest
effort when meeting a foe of superior 01
equal strength, as the same section of
the law provides that when the prize
vessel was of inferior force to the cap
tors one-half of the net proceeds is to
be decreed to the United States and
the other half to the captors. In cases
where the amount In controversy ex
ceeds $2000 an appeal may be taken to
the Supreme Court.
PHILIPPINE
INSURGENTS
ARE ACTIVE
TACOMA, Wash., April 24.—Hong
kong 1 advices received to-day, per
steamer Braemer to Astoria, state that
the present Philippine Island rebellion
is rapidly spreading to all important
provinces. A month ago the insurgent
leaders and their sympathizers in
Hongkong came to the conclusion that
the United States would soon be at war
with Spain. They have accordingly
been preparing to strike Spanish rule
in the Philippines to the quick when
the most favorable time should arrive.
The situation at Manila Is described as
almost one of consternation. Spanish
merchants, half castes and rich na
tives are selling out and leaving Ma
nila and other seaports. Some of the
latter sympathize with the insurgents
and will aid them from Hongkong and
Amoy.
The establishment of a Philippine
Junta at Hongkong is probable, such a
plan being under consideration. It
practically exißts now tinder the man
agement of General Aguinaldo and
other leaders, who were hired to leave
the Islands in January. The excessive
taxation offers one excuse for the pres
ent outbreak. All the natives are re
fusing to pay the increased taxes levied
in order to pay off the immense debt
Incurred in crushing the last rebellion,
ending three months ago. Zambales,
Tarlac and Pangasinan and adjoining
provinces are in open revolt, and emis
saries have been sent into the southern
provinces.
Last month the Insurgents made a
renewed attack upon the Spanish
camps at Apalit and Subig, defeating
the Spanish troops and capturing a
large quantity of arms, ammunition
and supplies. In the north of Luzon
some insurgents were captured and or
dered executed. The rebels gathered
quickly and rescued their comrades.
The victorious insurgents then proceed
ed to Bollnao, where they cut the
Spanish cable and destroyed the lana
lines connecting the cable station with
Manila. This has greatly interfered
with Manila's business and had the
important result of demonstrating that
the insurgents were again able to go
about and do as they pleased. The in
surgent leaders greatly hope that the
United States will aid them to secure
independence as one means of punish
ing Spain. A month ago there were
five Spanish cruisers, five small gun
boate and three troop ships at Manila,
and the Spanish cruiser Reina Cris
tina at Amoy.
PLOT TO RAID
DAWSON STORES
Tale of a Daring Con
spiracy Brought by
a Klondiker.
Says Roughs at Circle City
Have Organized a Rob
ber Band.
Was Compelled to Taka Their Oath
but Succeeded in Making His
Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, April 24.— 0. S. Cham
berlain of Austin, Texas, who -was a
passenger from Skaguay on the
steamer Ningchow, tells an extraordi
nary story of a secret society formed
by a crowd of the rough element of
Circle City with the avowed object of
raiding the stores of the North Ameri
can Trading and Transportation Com
pany and the Alaska Commercial Com
pany at Dawson.
Chamberlain says he left Circle City
about ten weeks ago, and two weeks
prior to leaving he was approached by
two men who lived in the cabin ad
joining his and asked if he would not
like to join a crowd which had a
scheme for making a big haul. In an
swer to all his queries as to what the
scheme was the two would say nothing
more than "wait and you'll see."
The night following they came into
his cabin and took him to Lidstone's
saloon. He was conducted into a room
at the rear, and there he found about
twenty desperate-looking characters.
One, whose name was given as Corey,
announced himself to Chamberlain as
the leader of the society, and asked him
if he knew what would happen to him
if he broke his oath. In reply he said
he had taken no oath.
"Well, you will," said the leader.
"Hold up your hands."
Chamberlain demurred, demanding
an explanation, but on seeing several
revolvers pointed at him, he put up his
hands. The leader then repeated an
oath, which Chamberlain says was, aa
near as he remembers, as follows:
"You, who are about to join the
Raiders, promise that you will render
every assistance in our scheme and
that you will not divulge what you will
hereafter Jiear."
Chamberlain then put down his
hands and the "scheme" was explained
to him as follows: The society was to
go to Dawson, and at night, when only
the watchmen were at the store, one
half would go to each store, blow open
the safe and steal as much gold as they
could. " Dog teams were to be in readi
ness for the flight of the party.
Chamberlain left hurriedly soon af
terward and says he was pursued for
some distance after leaving Circle City
by some of the party. Chamberlain's
story is given credence by some of the
Dawsonites now here, but the major
ity of the passengers discredit it.
SIX RICH PRIZES
TAKEN IN ONE DAY
Continued from First Page.
sight early this morning:. The Helena
fired a blank shot and the Spaniard at
once hove to. The gunboat then put a
prize ciew of twelve marines and a/i
engineer and sixteen sailors on bo?rd
the prize under command of Ensign
McClellan, who had with him Ensigns
Davis and McFarland. The gunboat
convoyed the prize into port.
The Joiver had a crew of fifty-two
men. According to the Bureau
Veritas the Miguel Jovier, in English
Michael Jouver, Captain Bil, is a*
Spanish steamer, which sailed from
New Orleans on April 2s ior Barcelona.
She is bark-rigged, is of 2554 tons net
register, and was built at Newcastle,
Eng., in 1877. She is 375 feet 5 inches
long, has 42 feet 2 inches beam and is
20 feet 9 inches deep. The Bureau
Veritas has it that her owners are
Empresa Transatlantica (Hijo de Jover
y Serra) of Barcelona. Captain Juan
Bil of the Joiver has written a formal
protest against his capture, which will
be forwarded in duplicate to Washing
ton, Madrid and Paris. Just why he
forwarded the protest to the French
Government is not known, and the cap
tain refuses to explain.
NEW YORK, April 25.— A dispatch
to the Press from Key West says: The
gunboat_ Wilmington to-day captured
the" Spanish schooner Candidia with a
deck load of charcoal intended for
Havana, where it is extremely valuable
for fuel..
At this writing the Crushing is bear
ing down on a schooner to the south
east. The breeze is slow, and, while
she has on all sail, the Cushing will
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overO,ooo,ooo Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fuluess after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushinsrs
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and nil
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irreculnritiea of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hnve the
LARCEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores,
overhaul her shortly. She has the
start but the Cushing has the steam.
The torpedo Porter to-day captured
the Spanish schooner Antonio, laden
with sugar for Havana. The Antonio
was sent to Key West with a prize crew
of four men under Naval Cadet Dv
Bois.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 24.— A spe
cial from Biloxi, Miss., says the revenue
cutter Winona from Mobile captured
the Spanish steamer Saturnina at Ship
Island, Miss., at 1 o'clock to-day, but
it is likely she will have to remain in
quarantine with the prize until to-mor
row or next day.
SANTA BARBARA'S MAYOR
TALKS OF DEFENSE.
Believes His Town Should Be Pro
tected Against Attacks by
Spanish Craft.
SANTA BARBARA, April 24.—Yes
terday Mayor Burke -wired the Gover
nor, asking that two 6-inch disappear
ing guns and a suitable number of
small arms be shipped to Santa Bar
bara for the defense of the place. Mr.
Burke is the first municipal magistrate
in the State to call for an armament
for defensive purposes. In convers-tion
to-day he said:
"We are at war with one of the mon
archies of the Old World: there ia no
longer any question about it. The time
for action has arrived, and while we
are far removed from the scene of hos
tilities, the fact remains that port San
ta Barbara is in a defenseless condi
tion. Realizing that the Channel City
affords excellent opportunities for the
encroachments of Spanish privateers, I
deemed it important to communicate
with Governor Budd and make an
effort to secure armament. I asked for
two 6-inch disappearing guns, other
pieces of ordnance and 250 stands of
arms. I fully appreciate the serious
ness of warfare; yet, inasmuch as the
United States and Spain have actually
begun hostilities, naught now remains
but that every citizen of this republic
should do his utmost to vindicate her
honor and punish treachery.
"Xot all can take the field, but pa
triotism finds a way for the humblest
citizen to lend some aid in the!impend
ing conflict. In a perilous time like
this an unprotected seaport like Santa
Barbara should be provided with a
means of defense. At present the
proper course to pursue would be the
mounting of ordnance on Dlblees Hill
and Booths Point, both of which over
look the channel.
"As we have several hundred able
bodied men r^ady to arm and drill, we
need have no uneasiness after we re
ceive from the Governor arms and per
| mission to organize. With two compa
nies of home guards and three heavy
! guns no privateer would be able to ef
j feet a landing here. In my judgment
! similar action should be taken by
: other coast towns in this State.
"Our proposition was promptly trans
mitted by his Excellency, the Governor,
to Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett,
; and we believe that it will be favorably
: acted upon. We have in this city many
; ex-officers and soldiers who are ready,
! able and willing to prepare for the de-
I fense of Santa Barbara. Old warriors
consider it not unlikely that Spanish
privateers may be fitted out on this
j coast in some South American port. We
expect that a division of the State
militia will be stationed here, and it
! Will be the province of home guards to
j support it."
Spanish Craft Sails Westward.
QUEENSTOWN, April 24.— The thir
ty-knot Spanish torpedo-boat destroy
er Audaz passed Roachs Point at 5:45
a. m. to-day (Monday), going seaward
after three weeks in the Queenstown
drydock.
APVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 BUTTER STREET.
For the picnic and outing season now upon
us we offer seasonable goods at reduced
prices.
SPECIAL"Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
HAMS, Armour's, sugar cured He Ib.
regularly 12V£c
SARDINES, imported French, 1-4
tins, in fine olive oil 3 for 25c
regularly 12Vic tin
DEVILED HAM, large tins, P. &. W.,
very fine Tin 15c
regularly 20c
CLARET, a good article, regularly
50c Gallon 35c
SPECIAL— ENTIRE WEEK.
CARPET SWEEPERS— A discount
from catalogue prices of 20 per cent.
CIGARS— 3 for 25c.
CALLE DE ORO PURITANOS— A fine Key
West cigar — exceptional value.
COUNTRY ORDERS FREE WITHIN 100
MILES.
Send for Catalogue. •
a
A gentleman, whose business is a constant strain upon
his nerves, relates that one night recently he was unabie
to sleep. On previous occasions he had observed a bene-
fit arising from the use of Ripans Tabules. On this
particular occasion, believing that heroic measures were
necessary, he took three. The result was really surpris-
ing. The effect was as quieting as though the medicine
had contained a narcotic, which every one knows it does
not. There was an immediate feeling of ease, rest and
quiet, extending in a few minutes over the entire system,
and sleep came as naturally as to a child.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Sweet Greetings that-*
Keep the Home
Happy.
it Is Hard ta Smile When the
Body Is Racked With
Pain.
It's hard to smilo when the back Is aehltifr,
the head throbbing, and the body is full of
pain. The thing to do is to rid yourself of the
aches and pau». aud Mun-
j*QTg. yon will help you do it.
I3J& The Munyon Homeo-
y"Vy mjj pathic Horn*
C^T^^t^v// /g^ffik Remedies, mada
iS^S^l^^^^V^TKa oi discoveries
PylH"''.' . ', *.u ; ijS aud combinations
Bkvf'*BKl \iLo&yw*9\ ln medicine, are a
BtU*c£J3r Nfjßf '- . V^iy veritable boon to
■^^^£^.^ ' '■'jsfl "?^ wo?ld nn n rapidly
gjjfrjiV "jr ■><//.'.■> world is rapidly
BiSaiS^tviidw^j^/''. bein? converted
■W^SHKSEiSV ■ " by truth and evi-
IBj?**tsb'' >.* '*' dence, and soon
t^' WkTt '\. the Munyoa
JjT \ \ \***» school of medicina
r \ will be accepted
V r *^* and recognized as
the only school
that is safe and sure. Here's proof. Will you
study it?
Mr. Edmond Pait, 1721 Berkeley Way,
Berkeley, Cal., says: " I am 54 years old,
and was attacked two years ago with
rheumatism in my limbs. For weeks I
could scarcely walk around. I did not
try doctors because of lack of faith, but
I used various remedies In an effort to
secure relief. Finally I secured Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure, and after taking
two bottles, not being cured, I gave it up A
ln disgust, but resuming: It again, I tools
it for a short time and find that It corai"
pletely cured me. '
Munyon has a separate cur© for each disease.
For sale by drug-gists, mostly 25 cents a bottls
If in doubt write to Professor Munyon at
Philadelphia, Pa., and get medical advice free.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
"WKITK if you cannot call.
CONSTTLTATJON FREE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Guldo
to Health," free.
F. L. SVVEANY, M D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
REGISTRATION^ VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL
election to be held Thursday, May 26, :
IS9B (submitting the new charter to a vote of j
the qualified electors), will commence at tha J
office of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City ■»- '
Hall," on April 26, IS9S, and continue thenca
till May 10, inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister: ■■ . .-.:- ' - -,\; ....;V ; ■ ■ ytstsi. •:'■ ■>•
First— All persons not registered at the last
general or special election,' but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second— All persons who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third— All native male citizens not register^
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26. 1898, and are otherwise qualified accorj-
ing to law.
All qualified electors who wpre registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
spective "Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. W. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters.
00000 OO OCOOOOOOOOO
S™ PALACE **?%
GRAND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO. Z?
. Connected uy ■ covered passageway. "
j* 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attachad. O
O AU L"xdk* One Nanagkme-st: O
O NOTE THE PRICES: g
(\ European Plan. »l. OO per d.iy and upward jH
*Z American Plan. a>3. 00 per day and upward O
G. Correspr.n'l.»nc-r Solicited. Q
0 JOHN C. EIHKPATRICK, JUnagsr. q
0000000000 00000 00 0
Q visit DR, JORDAN'S »*•»<
jMn Museum of Anatomy
1 fl§ft§ i 3CSI ITASZET ST. tot. Cti 7th, S. t. to.
H _ • M The Largestofitskiadln tb» Worl*-
llr^W \ DR - -lOROAN— Private Diseases.
lVi vw W Bk Consnlr»:lon tne. TTri»« for B»ok
\\ I soso PP h y of Marriage.
" " MAILED r«[[.LEAGUES WILL
PROBABLY BE
CONSOLIDATED
Baseball Magnates
Trying to Reach
an Agreement.
California Directors Will
Submit a Counter
Proposition.
Nine Innings of Lightning Ball
at the Recreation Park
Grounds.
GAME AT CENTRAL PARK.
Ten Innings Played In Fast Time.
Good and Bad Ball In the
Interior.
The California and Pacific States
Baseball leagues will probably be con-
BOlidated. The directors of the former
discussed the matter again yesterday
and it was practically decided to make
a counter proposition to the Pacific
States people, accepting Eugene F.
Bert as President of the new league,
and consenting to play at Central Park
for three weeks until the electric line
down Eighth street to Recreation Park
is completed, and then transfer the lo
cal games to those grounds. The pres
ent management of the California
;:tinue in control of their
respective forces, the new league to
il of the present California
strengthened where
i by the pick of the Pacific States
players. * Santa fruz will be dropped
the two San Jose teams consoli
.
The Pacific States people are anxious
■ new name adopted for the
ie, but this will hardly be conced
the others, as they are under the
• nal agreement,
which would be void If the name were
changed.
It Is likely that the Pacific Staies
■ ■ ■ -hi* proposition and
msolidation will likely be effected
this w eek.
FASTEST OF THE SEASON.
The Colts Deieat Bunker's
Team in a Hysterical
Game.
One day during the season of 1890, Oak- !
land and San Francisco met at the j
Haight-street grounds In a game that
seemed likely to give the winner a de- j
cided advantage In the California League
race. There was a big crowd present,
and more fireworks were touched off that I
day than w< re ever exploded on a Cali
fornia diamond. Both teams surpassed
themselves, and they had both ■ gives
ample evidence many times before that
they could play bait Ordinary doubles
and triples were shortened into singles or
plucked from the clouds by outfielders;
basehits were devoured and turned into
acrobatic ats that could be Been in half I
a dozen three-ring circuses. The sc «i c |
was tied and untied until the spectators
wore in a frenzy, and when tne game
finally terminated with the Oaklands one
run to ' the erood there threatened to be ;
a general uprisl
That game was duplicated yesterday at
Recreation Park. Its equal has not been i
seen on the Pacific Coast for years. Of
late people have gone to ball games with
the feeling that If they could become In- i
terested enough to remain till the end
they were satisfied.
Only one man left the grounds yester
day until Lee let in the winning run In
the last half of the ninth by dropping ;
Hardio's fly, and he escaped to avoid a ;
threatened attack of heart failure.
To enumerate the ■ atures would neces- :
Bitate a description of almost every play i
made during the game, but perhaps the
episodes that aroused the greatest en- ;
thusiasm was a double play in the sixth
Inning that would have i>een a triple had
the ball not been eked out of Stroeck
er'B hands. It was like this:
Russell was safe on a line drive which
Trenberth blocked but could not hold. :
Schmeer and . sklman were given bases
on balls, filling the corners. Peters tired
a projectile which Wheeler handled,
though it most lifted him off his feet to
do so, and returned it to Stroecker, nail
ing Russell at the plate. The catcher
drove the ball to tirst and cut off Peters.
Meantime Schmeer had been streaking It
from second, and when the ball started
for lirst he had rounded the turn for ;
home. Murphy saw him coming, and the i
ball hardly struck his pocket before It
•was on its way back to the plate. Stroeck
or was ready for it. but ju.st as the ball ;
reached him Schmeer arrived, head first,
Jarring him bo that he dropped the bail,
and the runner scored the lirst tally for
Oakland. Donovan's single scored Mos- I
klman.
That is only a sample of the goods of
fered. While: five errors are charged
against each team they were all of the
hardest brand. Not a point wa-s over
looked, every man lighting the best he
knew how. Hughey Smith looked as if
he needed the ambulance to carry him
horn*- when he had finished his job of
umpiring. Almost every decision he gave
was disputed by one team or tne other, as
a rule without the slightest pretext,
though a- few times his judgment on balls
and strikes may have been questioned
with propriety, In the la-st half of the
ninth it looked as if there was going to
bo a riot when Hughey sent two Oakland
runners, who had advanced a base, back
to their original stations. But he was
right about it and llnally succeeded in
quelling the disturbance.
Schmi r -r opened up with a single and
Bwett, who was back of the pitcher, or
dered Stroecker to brush the dirt off the
plate, suspending play in the meantime,
While this was being done, Wheeler shot
the ball to second to catcli Bchmeer, but
throw high and both runners moved up.
Smith properly held that the game was
suspended and ordered the runners back
despite the ki< king of the entire Oakland
team. The < Ision did not affect the re-
Bult though, for Oakland managed to win
out with something to spare, though at
the time the Colts were two runs behind.
The red (ire began t" glow when Alona
ban stepped to the plate in the first in
ning. The best be could do was to strike
out. Then, when ECrug went out on
O'Neil's asslsi to first and Murphy flew
to Bchmeer, the spectators began to real
ize there was trouble In store for Bun
ker's men.
Donovan worked Wheeler for a base,
but when Connelly did his great hurdle
a<-t and annexed O'Nell'a fly that ought
to have been good for two bases the
crowd began to yap. Lange's grounder to
Monahan and out at first put Donovan
on second, and he went to third on a
passed ball. It looked like a tally when
the prodigy came up, but Wheeler made
a monkey of him.
The leaders went out in one, two, three
order again, while the colts got a man as
far as second, but a lightning double play
settled his hope of completing the cir
cuit. Shea sent a long fly to Connelly,
which was duly stamped and Russel
dropped the ball in front of the plate and
beat It to first. Bchmeer was given lis
base and Moskiman settled it by sending
a liner over short that seemed good for
three bases. But Trenberth went un in
the air and pulled it down, then sent the
ball to second before Russell could make
a move to get back to the bag it was
a beautiful double play and it set the
crowd wild.
Frisco broke the ico In the third lnnine
Trenberu. and Stroecker were given their
bases and Monahan bunted and beat the
ball to first, after Wheeler had gone out
on a fly to Hardie, who returned the ball
before either runner could move up. Krug
sent a grounder to first and was retired,
but Trenberth scored. Murphy was as
sisted out at first by Schmeer.
Oakland was again robbed of a run by
the daring work of the Friscos, and
neither side accomplished anything in the
fourth, .though Hardie reached third for
Oakland before anybody was out. His
associates could not help him over the
plate, however.
Frisco took two in the fifth. Wheeler
marl- a scratch hit and went to second
on Monahan'a long fly to Shea. Krug
sacrificed him to third and Murphy sin
gle sent him home. Donovan muffed
Hearty's high fly, and while the Oak
lands stood lost in astonishment Murphy
sneaked around home.
Two more in the sixth, and it began
to look as though Frisco had a cinch.
Then Oakland began Its run getting, tak
ing two. as has been described, whon
Stroecker failed to complete a triple play. |
In the seventh Frisco got one more i
run. Krug: was hit by the ball, stole ,
second and scored on Hearty's single, j
Then Oakland took the lead by scoring
five run*.
Lange was given his base, and Hardin j
hit for two bans. Trenbarth fumbled .
Shea's grounder, allowing Lange to score.
Russell drove Hardie across the plate
with a single to right, Schmeer hit to
Trenberth. and Shea was caught at the
plate. McKinnon flew to I.e. Russell
scoring on the throw in. Then Peters
laced out a triple, sending Schmeer in.
and he followed a moment later on Don
ovan's single. O'N'eil's grounder forced
Donovan at second. y---.
Nothing was done in the eighth, but
Frisco again took the lead in the ninth,
and looked like a sure winner for a time.
Monahan was given his base, and took
second on a short passed ball. Krtig hit
to short and beat the ball to first, Mona
han going to third. Both scored on Mur
phy's double and O'Neil's error of Hear
ty'fl drive let Murphy In. The next three
batters went out in order, and Oakland
went to bat badly handicapped, for their
■weakest stickers were up. At least it
was supposed so. but Schmeer and Mos
kiman led off with singles. Then, after
the dispute with the umpire. Peters got
soaked in the slats, filling the bases.
Schmeer started home on a short passed
ball but gave it up. tried to get back, i
and' was caught at third. . Donovan was
also hit by the Ditcher, and the bases
were tilled again. O'Nell hit to Krug,
and Moskiman beat the ball home.
Lange's single sent Peters in and tied the
j score while pandemonium reigned. Har
dlt sent out a high fly, which Lee dropped
after a hard run, and Donovan tallied the
winning run.
Following is the score:
Pin Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Mnnahan. 3b 4 110 4 11
Kruir 2b 4 2 12 4 0 0
Murphy, lb 4 2 2 2 5 0 0
Hearty, If 6 0 12 2 0 0
Lf-P r f 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Connolly, Cf 4 10 12 0 0
Trenberth, ss 3 2 0 0 1 2 2
Stroeoker. c 2 0 10 6 2 0
Wheeler, p 4 110 0 J _1
Totals 34 9 7 7 "25 7 5
. 'One out when wlnnlnp nin was scored.
Oakland— AR. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, lb 3 1 2 l 14 0 2
O'Neil, 2b 6 0 1 0 3 3 1
Uinsre, 3b 5 12 0 13 0
Hardie, rf 4 12 0 a o 0
Shea. If 5 0 10 2 0 0
Russell, p 5 0 10 0 0 1
i Schnwr, s=s 2 2 1114 0
M< ■ikiman, cf 4 2 110 0 0
Peters, c 4 2 10 3 4 1
Totals S? 10 12 3 27 14 5
RUNS BY INXINOS.
San Francisco 0 0 1 0 2 2 1 0 3—9
Base hits 0 0102110 2—7
Oakland 00000250 B—lo
Base hits 00110142 3—12
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Peters. Two-base hits—Har
i die 2. Murphy. Sacrifice hiis. Krug 2. Lee,
Lange, Peters. Base on errors -San Fran
cisco 4. Oakland 3. Basses on balls, Pan Fran
"clsco 6, Oakland 6. Left nn bases— San Fran
cisco 6, Oakland 14. Struck out— By Wheeler
4, by Russell 6. Hit by pitcher— Schmeer.
Krutj, Peters. Donovan. Double plays—
herth to Knisr. Wheeler, Ptroeclcer to Murphy,
Monohan unassisted. Passed balls— Btroecker
2. P»>ters 2. Time of grame— 2:oo. Umpire— ll.
Smith. Official scorer— l). N. Knowles.
CENTRAL PARK.
For ten Inning? yesterday San Francisco
and Oakland struggled for supremacy at
Central Park. Both teams played as if
it were the deciding game In the series,
and the fair crowd which attended was
mated to the really first good game on
the grounds this season. Krrors were
plentiful on both sides, but this was due
to the heavy hittinp. Both- Johnson and
Eapan pitched steady ball and were
touched up hard and often.
In the seventh the score stood Beven to
seven, and for the next two innings
neither side could tally. In the tenth
Croll dropped Sweeney's fly and the run
ner took second on Eagan's wild throw
to catch him napping at first, and scored
on Gosllnsky's high throw to Brockhoff.
Croll opened for Oakland by singling to
left. Eagari ripped out a corker to Kro
gan, who ran backward and nailed it
with his left hand and then threw to
Johnson to double Croll. and was entirely
successful. The play created a sensa
tion md won the game for San Fran
cisco.
The following score tells what has been
omltte-J:
Pan Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
K.>'.ly, 3b 5 1 0 0 2 3 1
Reilly, 2b 4 2 3 2 4 2 0
Walthrous, rf. cf.... 5 1112 0 0
v, lb 4 2 1 0 S 0 2
I>. Levy Cf, rf 5 0 2 0 10 1
BtuU. «? 5 0 2 115 2
Krogan. if 5 0 2 0 3 10
Kiir»t c 2 1 0 0 6 0 1
::, p 4 1 0 0 3 3 1
Totals 39 8 11 4 30 18 8
Oakland— AB. B. BH. PR PO. A. E.
McKee. 2b 4 10 0 5 4 1
Hammond, c 5 0 1 1 9 2 1
KniK, fs 5 0 1 0 1 3 1
Pvne rf 5 0 0 0 4 1 0
Croll, if 4 0 2 0 110
Eusan, p 5 110 0 12
OoHliniky, lb 5 110 9 0 1
l>unleavy, rf 4 3 3 10 0 0
Brockhoff, 3b 4 11112 1
Totals 41 7 10 3 30 14 7
SCORE BT IXKINOS.
Pan Francisco ....200003200 I—B
Base hits 3 0 0 113 10 1 I—ll
Oakland 1 30201000 o—7
Base hits 2 3 0 2 0 10 10 1-10
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible for— Johnson 1, Eagan 1.
Thm»>-l>ase hits— Dunleavy. First base on er
rora Sun Francisco 4, Oakland .".. First base
i! called balli .^an Francisco 2, Oakland 2.
!-<>ft on bases — San Francisco c, Oakland fi.
Struck out— By Johnson 2. by E.iiran 6. Hit by
i.; her lieilly. It'.nble plays— Kelly to Reilly.
sudz to Reilly to Sweeney, Kroijan to John
son t" Sweeney, wild pitches— Johnson 1.
F.agan 1. Time of game— l:4s. I'mplres—Crea
mer and Geggus.
EXCITEMENT AT FRESNO.
Giants Refuse to Finish the
Game When the Score
Is a Tie.
FRBBNO, April 24,-To-day's ball game
between Fresno and Sacramento was the
best exhibition of ball playing seen here
this season. In the ninth inning the
score stood 3 to 3. but the Sacramentos
took exception to the ruling of the umpire
and refused to go on with the game. The
umpire gave six minutes for the Giants
to play, and at the end of that time gave
the game to Fresno by a score of 9 to 0.
The decision bf the umpire was obviously
correct. Fresno bad one man out and
Tawney on llrst, Thomas knocked a pop
fly which was not caught. Tawney tried
to make second, hut returned to first.
The umpire called the batter out and the
runner safe. Tawney was not touched
by the ball, hence ho was not out.
Thomas, Fresno's new pitcher, was in
fine trim and pitched a great game. Pitts
for Sacramento also did splendid work in
the box. Fresno put up an errorless
game, while Sacramento made but one
error. Snyder made some grandstand
running catches, while McHale for Sac
ramento also took In everything in center
garden for Sacramento. Moore and
Courtney accepted several difficult
chances. The scpra was a-s follows:
Fresno— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Britton. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Held. lb 4 1 1 0 17 0 v
Courtney. 88 4 0 2 0 o 5 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 2 0 0 3 0
Pnyder. cf 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Ferguson, If 2 0 0 110 0
Tawney, rf 4 0 10 o o o
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Mangerlna, c 2 2 112 2 0
Totals 32 3 T • 2 '28 i« 1
•MirHFland out for Interfering with ball.
Sacramento—. AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hale, Cf 4 1115 10
Caverly, lb 3 0 0 0 9 1 o
Edwards, rf 4 0 0 0 0 1 v
Devlne. ss 4 0 0 0 20
Hoagland, If 4 0 2 0 10 0
Newbert. 3b 3 110 3 3 0
Ridley. 2b 4-1 2 0 12 1
Sullivan, c 2 0 10 510
Pitts, p ...3 00 0 12 0
Totals ...31 3 7 1 . t26 13 1
tTwo men out wlien Sacramento quit the
game.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Fresno 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 o—3
Hase hits 0 0402000 I—7
Sacramento 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 I—3
Base hits 11040000 I—7
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Sullivan. Base on balls —
Pitts 3. Base on hit by pitched bail— Sullivan.
Newbert. Left on bases— Fresno 5. Sacramento
5. Struck out— By Thomas 3. by Pitts 6. Um
pires—Ferguson and Chase. Official scorer— A.
E. Sunderland. Time of game— l; 33.
♦—
ONE FOR THE TERRORS.
Stockton Takes a Hard- Fought
Game From San Jose.
STOCKTON. April 24.— The Terrors won
a good game from San Jose to-day. There
was no record playing, but grood, hard
work by both clubs. There was enthusi
asm, and a large crowd was present. The
score:
Stockton— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b 4 10 0 9 0 0
Kelley, 1. f 6 1 1 0 0 0 0
Nick Smtth. 2 b 4 12 0 2 11
Worth. 3 b 4 0 1 0 2 1 1
H. White, s. s 4 3 0 0 3 3 4
Peters, c 4 2 2 0 \> 1 0
Rice. c. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Stewart, r. f 3 10 0 3 0 0
Whalen, p 5 14 0 2 2 0
Totals 37 10 12 0*26 8 6
• Sheehiin hit with betted ball.
San Jose— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Norden, c. f.. 5 1 0 0 4 0 0
Hall. 2 b 5 0 10 2 0 0
Collins, 3 b 4 110 2 12
Sykes, Ib 6 0 0 0 3 1 0
Shoehan, 1. f 5 0 1 1 3 0 0
Williams, s. 8 2 0 0 0 7 0 1
Kanzee, r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Ounha. o S 0 0 0 8 4 0
Tyson, P 2 1 0 0 0 S 1
Totals 85 S 5 1 2T i 4
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 5 10 3 0 9 0 I—lo
Base hJta 0 5 1 1 i 0 1 0 3—12
San Jose 0 01000002—8
Base hits 0 0201100 I—6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Kelly, Collins. Double play-
Worth to Selna. Hit by pitcher— Stewart.
Passed ball— Ounha. Sacrifice hits— Sykes,
Ounha, N. Smith. I-eft on bases— Stockton, 8;
San Jose, 10. Ba-ses on ball?— Off Whalen, 5;
! off Tyson, 6. Struck out— By Whalen. 5: by
! Tyson, 5. Umpire— William Ix>ng. Scorer— A.
H. Hnrlin. Time of grame. — Two houra five
minutes.
BEACHCOMBERS DOWNED.
Gilt Edges Break the Long
String of Victories for
Santa Cruz.
SACRAMENTO, April 24.— This has
been Sacramento's day. In the 100-mile
relay bicycle race the Capital Cltys won
over the Stocktons, and on the diamond
the Beachcombers met with a defeat
which will long be remembered. The fol
lowing score will show how it was ac
complished:
Gilt Edse— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Denny, r. f 6 2 2 0 0 0 0
Ed Hughes, 2 b 4 2 3 0 4 4 0
Henesey. l b 5 2 2 0 11 1 0
11.-.;I 1 .-.; Vs 3 b 3 0 1 '0 0 1 0
Doyle c. f 3 10 0 3 11
Stanley, c 5 2 2 0 6 1 0
Lnckhead. s. 8 5 12 0 2 3 0
Rnrland, 1. t 5 3 3 0 1 0 0
Harvey, p 5 2 3 0 16 0
Total* 40 15 18 0 27 17 1
Santa Cruz— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hopkins, 1. t 2 0 0 0 10 0
Deveraux. 3 b 4 0 1 0 1 3 1
Williams, s. s 3 0 0 0 1 5 1
Street, c. f 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
M< Qrath. r. f 8 0 0 8 0 0 2
Fitzgerald. 1 b 3 0 10 8 0 1
i- l>aubenbla. c... 3 0 2 0 6 2 0
Balta. p 3 110 0 4 1
Andrews, 2 b 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Totals 2S 1 5 0 27 15 6
SCORE BY INNINGS.
■ Gilt Edfre 0 0 0 0 13 0 8 B— ls
Base hits 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 7 6-18
Santa Cruz 0 00001000—1
Base hits 1 20001100—5
SUMMARY,
Runs responsible for— Off Harvey. 1; Ftaltz.
2' Daroux. 11. Home run— Haltz. Tliree-haee
hit— Harvey. Two-base hits— norland. HeneMv
Stanley. L.x-khead. First base on errors— Gilt
Edge i; Santa Cruz, 1. First base on called
tails— Gilt Edgre. 5; Santa Crux, 3. Left on
bas«S— Ollt Edjre. 9; Santa Cruz, 2. Struck
out— By Harvey. 5; Baltz. 4. Hit by pitcher—
Hughes. Double play— William!" to Fitzgerald,
l'api^i balls— Stanley, C. C. Daubenbis. Wild
pitches— Harvey. Baltz. Time of game— Two
hours ten minutes. Umpires — O'Connell and
Grlllln.
PLAYED LIKE SCHOOLBOYS
Athletics Sustain a Crushing
Defeat at the Hands of
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 24.— The ineffective
ness of Fltzpatrick's pitching, together
with poor support, caused the downfall of
the Athletics of San Francisco to-day.
The score was 11 to 4 In favor of San
Jose. The visitors played like school
boys, and at no stage of the contest were
in the game. Hanley's sensational one
hand catch was the finest ever seen on
the local grounds. Ed Smith was in
jurr-d early In the game and retired In
favor of Pliil Knell. The score:
Athletics— AH. R. BH. SH. PO. A. E
Smith, 2 b 5 2 3 0 3 2 1
Bliss, r. f. & 1 b.... 5 0 112 0 2
Poulter, lb & r. f.. 5 0 1 1 13 o 2
Si Ott, o 4 0 2 0 4 2 0
Johnston. 3 b 5 0 0 0 0 12
Muller, 1. f 4 0 0 1 3 0 0
MoLauphltn, s. » 4 10 0 15 4
HlHebrand, c. t 3 1 0 0 1 1 0
Fltzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 0 6 1
Totals 39 4 7 3 27 17 11
San Jose— AU. It. BH. SB. JO. A. K.
Hanley, I. f 5 0 2 o l o l
Hanlon, 1 b 5 2 2 0 14 1 l
McOucken, c. f 4 1 1 o l o l
(.;. Folejr, r. f 5 10 0 10 0
M ' arthy, s. s 5 2 3 0 4 4 1
Kent, c 4 10 14 4 0
Greeninger. 2 b 5 2 10 12 1
F. Foley, 3 b 6 12 2 13 2
Iberg, p 5 1 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 43 11 12 3 27 lfi 7
Runs by Innings.
Pan Jose 0 0 2 2 2 2 0 0 3—ll
Hits 0 12 10 2 0 2 4—12
Athletics 0 00101200—4
Hits 0 0010112 2—7
Earned runs— Athletics 1, San Jose 2. Two
base hit*— McCarthy 2. Three-base hits— Me-
Carthy, Smith. I>ouble plays— P. Foley to
Hanlon to McCarthy. Base on tialls— Athletics
3, t:an Jose 2. First base an errors— San Jose
ti, Athletics 4. Left on bases— Sail Jos..' S. Ath
letics 8. Pawed balls-Scott 3. wild pitch—
Fitziiatriek. Struck out— My Fitzpatrick 3, by
It 'iK 2 Time of game — One hour and 40 min
ut< B. Implres— Landers and Levy. Scorers-
Webber and Doyle.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE.
Several changes have occurred In the
California Lea-gue during the week. Oak
land has jumped from fourth to second
place and is now dangerously near San
Francisco. Stockton broke even, while
Sacramento has dropped back a notch.
Fresno's new players enabled her to break
her long string of defeats, and the club
has pressed San Jose, whl<-h is now at
the foot of the class. Following is their
record:
CLUB.
■£■ IS
o ;
o
O m
g £
P- , i
g 1 3 3 i
5 3 o 5.
g? : S
r ■; i c
• • : o
: • : I •
i Francisco.) —
-ramento ... 0 ]
kland ' 1
ickton °
i Jose 1
»6no 0
Lost 2
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
o
2
1
1
0
1
2
2 | 4 .GfiS
0 3 I. GOO
1 5 .625
0 3 .500
0 1 .200
... 1 .250
~3
1
0
0
0
"6"
PACIFIC STATES LEAGUE.
Santa Cruz sustained its first defeat of
the season when it faced Sacramento
yesterday, and it was a bad one. The
other teams retain their relative posi
tions, as shown by the following table of
percentages:
CLITB.
||
O
•1
c
N
73
P
o
3
3
o
? 9
3 3
e-i j
i »
| If
2i *
p a.
o
3
3
?
(»
Santa Cruz
Sacramento ...
Snn Jose i
Ban Francisco.
Oakland
Athletics
....
i o
0
(I
0
0
i
o1!o 1 !
1
"6'
o
1
2
i
[\
1
1
5
4
:-;
3
2
1
0
1
0
"i"
Lost
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
plHts refund the money if It fails to cure. 25c.
The genuine baa L. b. Q- on eacU tablet..
GOOD COURSING
AT TWO PARKS
The Talent Suffered and
Others Were Glad
of It.
Fast Hares and Fleet Hounds
Amused Large Crowds of
Enthusiasts.
A Great Improvement Can Easily Be
Seen because of Attention Paid
to Breeding.
When the talent dropped at Ingleslde
Coursing Park yesterday afternoon the
thud could be heard for two blocks. Fav
orite after favorite went down to some
fleet neglected ones, and in consequence
those who rely on the small money to
carry them through the day successfully
were elated at their unexpected success.
As was predicted in The Call, Patria was
not able to carry through the work of the
day although a strong play was made
on the well-bred hound
The crowd was something out of the
ordinary, ad it was almost Impossible to
pass from one end of the grounds to the
other. Money was "loose" the entire day,
and the pool boxes had all they could do
to handle what was put over the counter.
Flrenza was one of the good things which
was Badly neglected by the form players,
and should have won the course with Koo
Lawn had it not been for a bad fall when
victory seemed inevitable. The Sapling
stake also brought forth some surprises,
especially when Trinket went under, but
In the present days of coursing It is hard
to guess the winners when brer-ding Is so
carefully watched by all owners and en
thusiasts. ,
Flrenza and Patria had two no poes.
but in the third the white flyer won after
a rather spirited struggle. Bach time
Patria would load to the hare, but the
superior work of Firenza would show up
to great advantage in the workout.
On Saturday and Sunday next a Cham
pion stake, limited to twenty-four entries,
$li"i entrance, SIiXW added, will be run off.
The draw will be held in Delta Hall next
Thursday evening. The results follow:
In the Sapling Stake B. Dougherty's Heather
r>ll beat T. Cooney's Steam B: T. Cooney's
Kerry Gow beat Lynch i- Maher's Liberty;
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M beat T. Cooney's
Report- J. Quane's Marietta beat J. J. Ed
mond's Morning Olorj'; M. C. Delano's Trinket
beat Dillon & Rellly's Revolver.
Second ties— Lottie M beat Heather Dell,
Kerry Gow beat Murninff Glory: Trinket a bye.
Third ties — Lottie M beat Trinket; Kerry Gow
a bye.
Final— Lottie M bent Kerry Gow.
In the All-Ape Stake J. Dean's Mialmo beat
M. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; D. Hooper's
Koo Lawn beat 8, Hansen's L. S. Conley;
I*irkey & Rock's Myrtle beat Deckelman &
Panarlo'a Pet Kirby; Lynch & Maher's Mystic
Maid beat M. Mlchalik'a Fireball; J. Shea's
Firenza beat Deckelman & Panario's Gleo
Chloe: Lowe & Thompson's Patrla beat J. J.
Esmonds' Move On: J. Dean's Gladiator beat
E. Campbell's Bendalonc; J. Dean's Conne
mara beat J. Byrnee' Semlnole; J. Byrnes'
Nelly II beat J. Ruschln's Lo Me; J. J. Ed
monds' Forcet beat E. W. Duffy's U B; T.
Butler's Busle beat \V. Ryan - Signal; O'Con
neli Bros.' I»c Boy beat Larkey & Rock's
Hercules; Connell Bros.' Senorita beat M. C.
Delano's Tencut.
Firi»t ties— Koo Lawn beat Mialmo; Myptlc
Maid beat Myrtle; Firenza beat Patrla; Gladia
tor beat Nelly B; Connemara beat Forget; Log
Boy beat Susie; Benorlta a bye.
Second ties— Koo Lawn beat Mystic Maid; Fi
renza t^at Gladiator; Connemara beat Senorita;
Log Boy a bye.
Third ties — Koo Uwn beat Firenza; Conne
mara beat Los Boy.
Final— Connemara beat Koo Liawn.
AT UNION PARK.
A large crowd- 'saw "the '.coursing at
Union Park yesterday. The "haVe's.: were
strong and lively and some very pood
races resulted. Even matches with brisk
betting kept things going throughout the
day. The winner of the finals in the
"Reserve" stake, all ages, was Mountain
Beauty. Lalla Rookh won the Sapling
Stake In the flnaJs with Royal Flush.
The second ties of the Sapling stake re
sulted as follows:
F'auha kennel's Rest Assured t>eat F. A.
McComb'l Motto. F. A. McComb's Royul
Flush beat \V. C. Glasson's Petronius, John
Kerrlgan'a Lalla Rookh beat F. A. McConib's
Flufh.
Third ties— Lalla Rookh beat Rest Assured,
Royal Flush lost a bye with St. Patrick.
Finals— Lallah Rookh beat Royal Flush.
The Becond ties <>f the all-age "Reserve"
stake resulted as follows:
Pa.«ha kennel's Metallic beat E. V. Sullivan's
Pretender. R. B. Ktiy's Sylvia beat A. John-
Bon's Uuak, Pasha kennel's Firm Friend
beat Brown & Luther's Van Nidn, Pasha ken
nel's Santa Alicia beat H. B. Scott's Mystery.
Pierce & Sullivan's Little Dottle beat F.
Mack's Decorator, B. V. Sullivan's RoyaJ Bock
beat M. Nealon's Van Knapp, F. P. Courtney's
The Turk beat E. V. Sullivan's Rocklln Hello.
E. V. Sullivan's Flying Buck beat F. C.
Mark's Black Pnttl. E. V. Sullivan's Mercy
May beat F. Brown's Alma. B. Jc S. kennels
Bail Shot b-'flt E. V. Sullivan's Crazer, Al
Austins DoUfflai brat E. V. Sullivan's Mlra
Mi Dte A. Johnson's Mountain Heauty beat
J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips, W. C. Glasson'fl
Joy Bells beat J. Srsgerson's White Chief, \V.
C. Glasson's Terrona beat P. B. Butlers Oba
dlah.
Third ties— Metallic beat Sylvia, Firm Friend
beat Little Dottle, Santa Alicia bent RoyaJ
Buck, Flying Buck beat Tho Turk. Bad Shot
beat Mercy May, Joy Bells beat Douglas,
Mountain Beauty beat Terrona.
Fourth ties -Metallic beat Flying Buck, Firm
Friend beat Pad Shut. Mountain Beauty beat
Santa Alicia. Joy Bells lo«<t a bye to Van N'ldo.
Fifth ties— Mountain Beauty beat Metallic.
Firm Friend beat Joy Bells.
Finals— Mountain Beauty beat Firm Friend.
The hearts of those who recklessly
placed their money on Flying Buck, a 20
to 1 shut, with Hlack Pntti on the short
end, almost ceased beating- during this
sensational course. The buck led up and
scored four points, but Hlack Pattl got on
the hare and equalized 1 matters, and even
pained an advantage. The hare broke
bark to Buck, who turned and killed it,
winning iust enough to get the race.
The favorites received a few settling
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B-B-H-B-H-B-H-B-B-B-H-E-B-H-B-H-B-n-B-H-B-
DRV GOODS COMPANY.
TUESDAY -------- -APRIL SStli.
GRAND DISPLAY OR
PARISIAN MILLINERY !
We will show for the first time Hats designed especially for • TAILOR-
MADE GOWNS, showing a variety of Imported Bonnets for Ladies
who prefer them. . . ,
New Carriage and Reception Hats will be exhibited, which will be worth
your CAREFUL ATTENTION.
"THEMELBA."
This hat, which has excited much attention, Is nearly Amber Color,
draped over the face. The rim, garnitured with massive clusters of
small roses arranged in studied negligee, in color salmon pink, with
chiffon drapery of the same tint, with a bridge of autumn leaves over
the back, and finish with roses and black velvet rosettes.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Cofner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
Address country, orders directly to the firm and they will receive imme-
diate attention.
blows in the second ties. Silvia, on the
short end. defeated Lissak, Turk beat
Rocklln Belle and Joy Bells beat White
Chief, both the winners being on the short
end. One of the most Interesting courses,
and one on which there was heavy bet
ting, was between Sweet Lips and Moun
tain Beauty. Mountain Beauty led and
killed after"two turns. Little Dotty proved
a winner against Decorator, a 5 to 1 fav
orite.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. April 24.— Coursing was
on as usual at Agricultural Park to-day
and there was a good crowd out. A. C.
Bradbury officiated as judge in place of
Ladd, who resigned last week. There
was a good Held of favorites, and al
though the weather was very hot the
sport was good.
In the run-nffs Van Tralle beat Viola, Or
monde beat Prince, Lady Wallace beat Move
On (formerly Lucky Jack), Oriental beat
Juliet. H B and B beat Queen J, Van Brulle
beat Snyder, DoneaMer beat Romeo, Little
Brown Jug b.eat Kitty Scott after a tie. Beau
Hrumrnel bent A B C, Aiiso beat Daisy C, Sir
Jasper beat Big Bull, Blue Diamond b^at
Frisco, Orphfum La?- beat Sport McAllister,
Reliance beat Here We Are, Corbett beat La
Tosea, Sam beat Stella.
In the match race between Romeo and John
Mitchell, Romeo won.
In the first ties Ormonde beat Van Tralle,
Lady Wallace beat Oriental, B B and B beat
Van Brulle. Doncaster beat Little Brown Jug,
B*-au Brummel beat AJIso. Sir Jasper beat
Blue Diamond, Orpheum Lass beat Reliance
afu-r a tie, Sam beat Corbett.
In the second ties Lady Wallace beat Or
monde, B B and B beat Doncaster, Sir Jasper
beat Beau Brummel, Sain beat Orpheum Lass.
In the third ties Lady Wallace beat Sir
Jasper, Sam beat B B and B.
In the finals I^ady Wallace beat Sam, with
Lady Wallace second, B B and B third, the
rest divided.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
An Excellent Card at the Local Track.
Receipts Will Go to Charity.
This will be the final meeting of the racing
season at Injrleslde track. The card Is an ex
cellent one, and the gate receipts, both to-day
and to-morrow, will be donated to charity.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — One-half mile; two-year-old
945 Mnrlwena 1101 036 La Juanlta 105
S(4S Ann Page 105 S4G Practice 105
91S (Ynssmollna 106 ... St. Kristlne 110
»3G Winlfre.l 105 »24 Ocorona 105
... Cymoma 110 j
fillies; maidens.
Second lta«e— Seven furlongs; Belling.
931 (Jueen Nubia ...1011 8?7 Charles A 106
962 Atticus 103 J'37 Zarro 106
905 Zaraida 101 893 Alvin E 103
729 Pleasanton 103 928 Sonlro 103
9JM Cromwell I".' 1 !<^;i Kalßer Ludwig..iO6
938 Tulare 103 SL'7 William (.)'15....109
840 Justine 101 940 Loch Ness xjo
Don Gara 109 i*:u Break o' Day. ..101
'XU Stentor 103 747 Hei manita 104
(S?3)Lucky Star ....103
Third P_aee— (One and an eiphth miles.
(844) Ostler Joe 1081 92d Buckwa 105
935 Hrrnardlllo 101 i yi:, \Von't Dance ...110
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
hurdle.
932 Gold Dust 161 P?2 Trrtonl 146
822 Eureka 157 943 Salisbury H 156
ML' Ge-.r^e Palmer .145 ... Colonel BartlettliO
946 Texarkana 123
Fifth Race — Seven furlonsrs; three-year-olds.
(939)Oddson 118 959 Mlstleton 109
939 Daisy F Uo| 939 Don Luis 104
Sixth Race— One mile.
930 Major Hooker.. 1001 940 Rapldo 112
947 The Ace H7: <>43 The Dragon ....11.".
946 fvflant 97| 94.'( Florlmel 107
S2;t Terra Archer ..112 942 On Gua Nlta 95
929 La Ooleta 961 903 Joe Mussle 112
943 Charlemagne ...10:'; 543 N'aranja. 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Winifred. St. Kristlne, Crossmo
llna.
S >nd Race — Cromwell, Tulare, Break o1o 1
Day.
Third Race— Ostler Joe, Uemardillo, Won't
Dance.
Fourth Race— Texarkana, Tortonl, Gold Dust.
Fifth Race— Daisy F. Oddson Mlstleton.
Sixth Race— La Goleta. Charlemagne, Major
Ilooker.
JUDGE COFFEY WAS THERE.
He and Nephew Jerry Foil Three
Bold Burglars.
T-iut for the presence of Judge J. V.
Coffey-, of the Probate Department,
Henry Sutliff. a oisdr dealer at 832
K.amy street, would be mourning the
lops of the contents of his till, and John
Clark, a young man with a penchant for
stealing, would still be at liberty.
Clark, In company with two accom
plices, visited the cigar store occupied by
| Sutliff, and while two of them engaged
i th<> proprietor in front of the store, Clark
sneaked behind the counter and was bus
ily occupied In robbing the till. At this
juncture Judge Coffey and Nephew Jerry
entered, causing Clark to suspend opera
tions and conceal himself under the coun
ter. Seeing that his chances of escaping
were curtailed by their presence, Clark
I boldly stepned from his concealment and
! started to walk to the door. His move
ments aroused suspicion in the minds of
i.ncle and nephew and they warned Sut
liff. As soon as Clark reached the side
walk he took to his heels with the dig
niiied representative of the judiciary,
nephew Jerry and Sutliff, closely follow
i Ing, yelling "Stop thief." Unmindful of
those behind him, Clark increased his
I pace, and might have escaped had not the
i yelling of outsiders attracted the atten
| tion of Officers J. R. Freel and T. R.
: Plynn, and as Clark turned into Mont
i goinery avenue he ran Into their arms.
When searched at the California -street
station. Clark's overcoat pocket contained
$1», the contents of Sutllff'a till, and he
1 was charged with rubbery. During the
excitement the prisoner's accomplices
escaped.
Anti-Saloon Rally.
OAKLAND, April 24. — The Pastors'
Union of this city has issued the follow
ing bulletin:
The great Ohjo anti-saloon movement hns
reached California! Its marvelous prowth and
rlorioui achievements In the Kast are prophetic
of what It will accomplish here. To bid this
new movement welcome to our State, and to
etoresa our appreciation of the appointment
oi one of our own well-known ministers as
superintendent, the Pastors' Uunlon of Oak
land has called a errand antl-?aloon rally, to be
held at the First Congregational Church, Mon
day evening.
Short speeches will bf made by several lead
•iiK ministers and laymen, and Dr. Chapman,
the superintendent of the Anti-Saloon Loasue,
will explain tho purposes and methods or this
Dew movement.
Friends of humanity, let ub attend this gath
ering In such numbers and with' such enthusi
asm as will hasten the day of deliverance from
the cruel bondage of the rum curse!
, HY THE COMMITTEE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO-DAY'S TTT f^AnA Ever y evening,
WEATHER Fair i fresh westerly wind. Wft ijlOSn Including Saturday,
REPORT. vavwv At 6 o'clock.
5300 YARDS
DoubMace Satin and Fancy Ribbon
Will be placed on sale at 8 sharp this morning. There's an elegant
range of latest colorings, ribbons bought direct from the factory at way-
below-value prices— bought for Hale's six huge California stores
bought so well that we can afford to give the following special prices:
Lot — Satin Ribbon.
All silk, first quality, double-face cord and plain edge — guaranteed full
width.
No. 5 No. 7 No. 9 No. 12 No. 16 No. 22 No. 40
B^c 10c 14c 165 c 20c 25c 30c Per Yard.
Lot 2— Fancy Ribbons
In perplexing profusion — some plain as Quakers; others of that gor-
geous ' Bayadere effect so fashionable ; others in plaids, airy overplaids,
cross and criss-cross effects ; some in fashion's queerest yet most harmo-
nious color combinations — ribbons 3 to 4 inches wide.
THEY ARE ALL EVERY YARD
PUT IN AT M imG/ W ' LL PLEASE
PUT IN AT H gSffIBS&VjS UNTiL THE LAST
ONE PRICE. M ; j™E|k PIECE IS SNIPPED
m\ JW**mM OFF, WRAPPED
ilillb^ Jm? AND CARRIED
"San Francisco's Most Progressive Dry-Goods House,"
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
US? Mail Orders on this Ribbon Sale filled if in time. "^3
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drlnlc
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orch«stra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball Shuffleboard. Livery and Buri»os for \
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per ;
week.
Call or address
HARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
2" Uourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN' SPAUIiDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE BPATJLDINQ, Manager.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months: private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and famllU-s. MRP.
M. HANSEN.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; till kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvetously short time; kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism :inj stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $is
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS, Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
nnd magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nlxhed cott«?es; terms *io to «S i>er week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. IIOWELL,
Proprietor. Hopland. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage: new
I stable an'i livery; boating and bathing free;
$S to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
UOLP, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve; beautiful
scenery; purest ; r: coldest water; good shoot-
1 ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
i garden; unexcelled table; home comforts. L.
B. FRASIER. Sanhedrin P. O.
SU/V\/V\ER HOmE I=f\Ft/Yl.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort: cottages, tents, hunting and fishing: ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 ."0. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERd,
Glenwood, Cal.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
FOPKINS & CO.. Proprietors.
Larkspur. Marin County. Cal.
LONGU/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Send fort illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
i Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa. Cal.
EHUD SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. Flrst-cla>»s accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 .Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
01/ IPPC lIOT SPRINGS' Sonoma Co.
\B flliElX Only 4*.£ hours from S. F. and
UlinUUv but 9 miles', staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; morning 1 and afternoon ' stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
' past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
r i3sr ; s.
! On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
J swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
7S degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeata
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
, E. ANGWIN. Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
1 velous cures when everything else failed, es-
i pecially in casee of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
I NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior nccommedatlons;. $S to $10. per week;
I roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntinr on. property. For particulars write W.
; R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles;: fare, $G 45; daily stage, to springs, 9
miles: fare, $1; elevation ICOO feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
I in hotel: rates. $10 and up: send for book of
I information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
j BRIDGE. Proprietor. .
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; ralubrlous < limate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; - boautiful drives: pine groves;
■ lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
| .those who need to obtain • comfort, rest and
I health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
| Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
I uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
j baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
, $12 per week. i% i>er day. Address AGUA CALI-
K.V'i'E SPRINGS, -Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
I large grounds; special facilities for families
\ and. children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
' Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
■ ir.g, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME. Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without-
board. Dancing pavilion. Palt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains. Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
■the ranch; good table. and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. ■ Address W.
CRANDELL, Santa Cruz.
56
MONDAY APRIL 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPRtCKtLS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to WJS^EAKEJ^anager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is i
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- BYB V m ° l! $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifigs Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE. ... Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KHOGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2318
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser "
Columbia— -The Na,ncy Hanks "
California—" Trilby."
Aleaear— "The Gay Parisians
JJorosco'B— "The Wick low Postman."
liToli— "Slnbad the Sailor."
Orpheum- Vaudeville-
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Schramm, Tuesday. April 20.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Concert Friday evening, Apri. '->y.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Concert Thursday evening, April 2s.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lloa Huut '
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy Streets,
Sutro Baths— Swimming-.
El Campo— Music, dancing boating, fishing, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Ingleanle-Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— Monday, April 2.5, Turkish Riigrs, at 106
Grant avenue at i o'clock.
By Yon Khelu &. To. — Thursday, April 23, Real Estate, at 638
Market streot, at 12 o'clock.
THE WAR AND BUSINESS.
COMMERCIAL conditions all over the country
are now changing to conform to the new state
of affairs occasioned by the war, but it is yet too
early to definitely specify what the individual changes
will be. Wheat has already declared its new status in
a sharp advance, both in Europe and this country, and
coffee, sugar, rice and several other grocery staples
have appreciated, but the great majority of the com
mon commercial commodities have not yet exhibited
the final change from a peace to a war basis. Nor is
it wise to attempt to forecast. 'Generally speaking,
however, those articles which will be needed to supply
the army, and those which will probably be subject to
a war tax, will advance in price, while those which
are commonly exported, and which will therefore be
liable to seizure on the high seas, will decline, or at
least relapse into an unsettled and fluctuating con
dition, dependent from day to day upon the varying
phases of the combat. This is as near to it as human
judgment can come at the moment. As time goes
on, however, things will fall naturally intotheir proper
levels. Thus the New York stock market has already
established its equilibrium, as has been seen, and
wheat is in process of doing the same, as just re
marked. The other lines will follow in due time.
Up to the present there has been no change for the i
worse in general trade. Railroad earnings have been
14.3 per cent larger than last year for the first half of
April and 4.8 per cent larger than ißoj, with railway '
tonnage eastbound from Chicago about 10 per cent
larger than 1802. Neither are clearing-house trans
actions gloomy, the week's payments being 33.6 per
cent larger than last year. The failures last week were !
only 204, against 218 for the same week last year.
These exhibits indicate an increase, rather than a de
crease, in business, hence the war has thus far done i
no harm to trade, so far as can be seen. A further
slight decrease in the distributive trade of the East
and South is reported, but this is offset by increased ■
activity in certain lines, accompanied by sharp ad- [
vance. It is these contrary conditions which render
the commercial situation vague and complex at the
moment and make a definite exhibit of the state of
trade almost impossible. But it is worthy of remark
in this connection that the money market, that most
sensitive of all trade barometers, has thus far exhibit
ed no stringency, and that the supply of funds for all
ordinary mercantile and financial uses is abundant.
In this respect the country was never on a sounder
basis nor so well prepared for war. Spain presents
a pitiable contrast, being agitated by a financial panic
and runs upon almost every bank in the kingdom.
The local situation partakes of the general uncer
tainty, .and values for many articles are unsettled.
During the past week wheat has made a sensational
advance, and is stiff at the rise, with an active demand
for both export and local milling account. Barley has
also started up again, and flour has gone up 50 cents
per barrel. Truthfulness compels the admission that
we will have very little wheat for export this year,
something that has not happened before since Cali
fornia began to export this cereal in any quantity. Of
course the other grains arc in a similar plight, and the
year 1808 will go on record as the great dry year.
There will be enough of everything for our own use,
however. The upward tendency in hay is less pro
nounced, but there is little prospect of any decline.
The canned and dried fruit markets are firm, and while
not especially active, business is sufficiently brisk to
warrant the belief that stocks of both will be reduced
to a minimum by the time the new crop comes for
ward. The fruit-growers will probably do well this
year. The merchandise markets are in good shape
as a rule, and fluctuations are neither numerous nor
sharp. Everything seems to be on a normal basis,
without excitement, the merchants are not complain
ing, and times may safely be called good, the dry year
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Eastern correspondents who are so certain of the
plans of the naval department seemed to have
dreamed the information they are loading on the
wire. Appirently they think the world will believe
the Navy Department to be as gossipy as a sewing
circle.
It would be interesting to know if the whacking of
a doctor over the pate by another of the craft is any
violation of the justly celebrated code of ethics of
which so much is heard and so little known.
The Topeka seems to have had a narrow escape.
It appears that some ship came into collision with
some other, and had the Topeka been one of them
it might have been damaged.
As to naval engagements, the word of Florida
fishermen will not be accepted. They nay know all
about clams, but war is out of their line.
OUR WAR NEWS SERVICE.
r\ MPLE arrangements have been made by The
/ \ Call in alliance with the New York Herald to
furnish the public with prompt and accurate
reports of all events growing out of the war with
Spain, no matter in what part of the globe they may
occur. These arrangements are the result of prepara
tions made long before actual hostilities broke out,
and as a consequence are superior to any that may
row be made hurriedly to meet the emergency.
As the course of the struggle, for the present at
any rate, will center mainly around Cuba, special care
has been taken to provide good correspondents
throughout that island and the West Indies generally.
In addition to reporters located at important points
and thoroughly familiar with the situation, a corps
of accomplished writers and experienced news
gatherers has been dispatched to follow the army and
the navy so as to be present whenever and wherever
anything of note takes place.
Amoni the representatives of The Call
and the Herald at the seat of war are Rich
ard Harding Davis, who is now with the
fleet, ani Charles Akers, the well-known
military expert, who is with the army. To
assist in gathering the army news five spe
cial correspondents who speak Spanish have
been sent ?outh to be ready to follow the
first corpa that makes the descent upon
Cuba. Two powerful steel tugs, the Som
mer.s N. Smith and the Albert F. Dewey,
each carrying a staff of writers, artists and
photographers, arc already with the 'fleet
and in addition thereto The Call and the
Herald service will be increased by the fleet
ocean steamer Tyr, flying the Danish flag.
This steamer, with a competent corps of
correspondents and artists, is now on her
way to Porto Klco, and will cover the detail
of the blockade.
Arrangements for the prompt transmission of news
have been as carefully prepared and as effectively
made as those for gathering it. Dispatches will be
sent from St. Thomas or Kingston as circumstances
dictate, and special reporter- are stationed at all the
West Indies, and will send dispatches as long as the
cables remain uncut. If the cables are dctroyed or
communication by them is in any way interrupted the
swift tugs of The Call and Herald will be ready to
firing the news to the American coast wft'aou* delay.
It is to Le further noted that correspondents of The
Call and Herald will remain at Madrid. Cadiz, Barce
lona and St. Vincent, and arrangements have been
made for a comprehensive cable service from Europe
in order to bring these correspondents into close
touch with this country. Finally :herc are with each
squadron half a dozen or more naval officers, who
will act as correspondents of The Call and Herald,
and, as these have special facilities for acquiring in
formation and special aptitude for describing naval
affairs, their reports will be of great value to the
public.
It should be borne in mind that these arrangements
made by The Call and Herald are not the result of
hasty action. They were planned long ago. A host
of correspondents are already on the field. They in
clude men who have lived in the We>t Indies for
years. While the hastily organized staffs of other
papers will be involved in the confusion of affairs
they do not understand and will be forced to rend" out
as news a multitude of rumors and reports cf m more
value than as many fakes, the reports of The Call and
Herald will be accurate and relinM.-.
THE PRIVATEERING QUESTION.
DEBATES in the United States Senate and the
British Commons have disclosed the fact
that there was a misconception in the re
ports given out a few days ago to the effect that our
Government had given assurances to Europe that it
would not issue letters of marque to privateers in
case of a war with Spain. The declarations made by
the Government referred to clauses of the treaty of
Paris of 1856 other than those which relate to the
question of privateers.
The subject was brought up in the Senate by
Money of Mississippi, who, after saying he had no
ticed in the pre^s a report that the State Depart
ment had announced that during the approaching
war there would be no privateering on the part of the
United States, and that this Government would abide
by the treaty of Paris, asked if any member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations could inform the
Senate if the report was correct. To this the chair
man of the committee, Senator Davis, replied: "I
have heard nothing about the matter except what I
have seen in the newspapers."
The discussion in the Commons explains the con
flict of statement. Balfour, in reply to a question on
the subject, said the British Government had re
ceived from the United States a notification that it
would adhere to the treaty of Paris so far as regards
neutral vessels. A declaration of respect for neutrals
is quite a different thing from a declaration that we
would not sanction privateers, and leaves that im
portant question open for decision as the needs of
the emergency may require.
Senator Money directed attention to the fact that
the power to issue letters of marque and reprisal is
under our Government confined exclusively to Con
gress. This fact in itself shows that the report so
extensively circulated was in error. Whether or no
we shall send forth privateers to prey upon the com
merce of Spain is for Congress to decide, and there
is no reason to believe that it will be in any hurry
to reach an absolute conclusion on the matter.
The whole policy of our Government has been to
respect private property in war as much as possible.
The history of American privateers has been one of
courage and daring, but in our admiration for the
brave men who carried it on we have never inclined
to make that form of warfare perpetual among na
tions. It is well known that the only reason we did
not agree to the treaty of Paris was not because it
went too far in suppressing privateering, but that it
did not go far enough in guaranteeing the rights of
neutrals. In the same spirit of honorable war Con
gress will deal with the problem in this emergency.
We may have no desire to enter upon it, but if Spain
tries it she will find that privateering is a game we
hp.ve played before with distinguished success, and if
need be we can play it again with equal vigor.
FACTORY LABOR IN THE SOUTH-
AN impressive illustration of the far-reaching
effect of human actions is afforded by an un
foreseen and unintended outcome of the re
cent strike of the cotton mill operatives in New Eng
land. The strikers aimed to maintain the former
rate of wages in their own localities, but completely
failed. The local effect of the strike was merely a
few weeks of idleness on the part of some of the
operatives and the closing down of a few of the mills.
It is in the far South that the greater effects are felt,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
and' the results there may prove in the end to be
among the most important ever brought about by a
labor strike in the history of the United States.
This unexpected development was brought about by
the fact that among the causes which enable South
ern cotton mills to undersell the Northern mills is
the long hours of labor required of the Southern
operatives. The Northern mill-owners pointed out
to their employes that they had to compete with
workers in the Southern States who toiled twelve
hours a day, and for lower wages at that, and conse
quently that the Northern operative would be at a
disadvantage so long as the Southern mills are run
under the present grinding system.
Out of this there came at once a demand and an
agitation for better labor laws in the South. The
strike in New En.' land is over, but the agitation for
Southern reform continues. This, it is already seen,
is the most important thing accomplished by the
strikers. They have not achieved anything of impor
tance for themselves, but they have rendered a valu
able service to the fellow-workers in the Southern
States. They have directed the attention of the na
tion to the evil conditions of factory operatives in
those States, and by doing so have started a move
ment which in the end can hardly fail to result in a
far-reaching benefit to an overworked and ill-paid
class.
The agitation has of course aroused a great deal
of opposition in the South, but this was to have been
expected. The movement for labor laws has been
bitterly fought in every portion of the world where
it has been started. The South is industrially to-day
where the Northern States were twenty years ago,
when in 1874 Massachusetts adopted a ten-hour fac
tory law, and the fight for labor there will be as hard
as was the long fight for it in the North. In the
end, however, it will be successful, and the Southern
operative will have occasion to give thanks to the
New England strikers who precipitated the battle for
their relief.
A PARCELS POST SYSTEM.
/■""» ONSIDERABLE interest has been expressed
I in the East over a recent statement in the House
of Commons that the failure thus far to arrange
a parcels post system between the United States and
Great Britain is due mainly to the reluctance of the
Postoffice Department of the United States to enter
into such an arrangement. The subject has given rise
to no little discussion, and as a result there has de
\ eloped so strong a sentiment in favor of such a pos
tal system that it is probable earnest efforts will be
made to induce our Government to arrange for one
as speedily as possible.
The proposed scheme is not of so much interest to
the Pacific Coast as it is to the Atlantic seaboard,
where the interchange of parcels with Great Britain
amounts to an enormous traffic, and yet we can read
ily perceive the advantage it would be to the peop.le
of both countries. The parcels delivery is one of the
successes of the British postoflice. It provides the
people with a means of sending small parcels with a
security equal to that of the best express companies
and at a comparatively small cost. If extended to the
United States it would largely increase the trade in
sr -all articles between the two nations and thus lead
to a better trade in all classes of goods.
The chief benefit of a parcels post to the people of
California would be the facilities it would afford our
manufacturers and fruit preserving men to send small
samples of their wares to Great Britain for inspection
and trial. In that way we could make known to the
dealers of London many articles of California pro
duction for which there would grow up a large de
mand in the course of a few years. In addition to
this there would be other advantages of considerable
importance. It is therefore likely that the Eastern
agitation for the establishment of the international
parcels post will find almost as much favor here as
there, and that the country will be virtually a unit in
urging it upon the Government.
It is not clear why our Postoffice Department has
been opposed to the project, although it is likely the
fear of increasing expenditures at a time when we
have a yearly deficit in the department has been the
chief reason. If this be so, we have another cause to
complain of those members of Congress who defeated
the Loud bill for reducing expenditures and have
failed to advance some other means for effecting that
object. The deficit in itself is bad enough, but it be
comes worse when it stands in the way of postal ex
pansion in a direction that would be of great advan
tage to all.
OWIXG to the imposition in the way oi fake ex
tras which has of late been practiced upon the
public, and for the purpose of guarding the
people against such deceptions and frauds, The Call
will at once make a notable extension of-.its news
bulletins and publish dispatches of every notable
event of the war in such a way as to make the news
accessible at once to readers in every part of the
city without cost.
To accomplish this The Call will print every dis
patch of importance as soon as it arrives, and post it
not only on the bulletin boards of The Call office, but
on the boards of every Call agency in the city, and
also at other places where the people congregate. No
time will be wasted in getting out .extras to be hawked
about the streets. The moment a dispatch is received
at any hour of the day or fore part of the night it
will be at once printed on a special press, and the
copies, as soon as struck off, will be sent by mes
senger boys on bicycles to The Call agencies and to
such other notable places as may be selected, and
there posted for all to read.
These dispatches thus publicly posted will furnish
the people with the news as fast as it comes to San
Francisco, and will save them from the fake-extra
fiends who issue sheets proclaiming battles when no
battles have occurred. The public will have a reliable
record of events as fast as they occur, and will have
no occasion to pay out a nickel in order to .read a
rumor or fake.
In addition to extending its bulletins in the city
The Call will give a larger service than ever in its
bulletins throughout California, Nevada and Arizona.
At the present time The Call is sending such bulletins
to upward of ioo points, and will soon add new ones
to the list as well as increasing the service to those
already reached. In this way the people of all im
portant places in this State and in Arizona and Ne
vada will be kept posted on the progress of events as
rapidly as they occur.
The reports obtained by The Call are tl.e most ac
curate received in this city. The public has doubtless
already noted that The Call has published no fakes.
The superiority of our service is due to the fact that
it was arranged for long beforehand, as it is not made
up on the spur of the moment out of rumors and fan
tastic fancies like those of journals that waited for the
war to break out before they arranged for getting the
news. The Call bulletins will be accurate as well as
prompt. Look out for them.
THE CALL BULLETINS.
NAVAL GUNS!
And What It Costs \
to Fire Them.
fl TTENTION was recently directed
A by a naval official to the fact that
our naval ordnance was defective
as compared with foreign ships in
the lack of quick-firing Runs. It Is four
years since the first 6-inch gun was con
verted at the Washington yard into a
quick-firer, and since then only about a
dozen more have been thus converted. It
costs about $1000 for ep.ch gun and the
present capacity is five months to each
lot of twelve guns, working eight hours
daily. By putting on three shifts the
time would be reduced correspondingly,
and every forty-five days would add a
dozen quick-firing 6-inch guns to our
ships' batteries. The efficiency of the bat
tery is nearly tripled in the 6 and 5 inch
guns and doubled in an S-inch rifle. Tha
importance of rapid firing cannot be over
estimated.
In the following table the principal data
of United States and Spanish naval ord
nance are given. The guns Indicated by
a star are quick-firers, and the powder
charges of the Spanish guns are smoke
less powder or cordite, while that of our
guns is given for common brown pow
der:
UNITED STATES AND SPANISH NAVAL.
GUNS.
GUNS-CALIBER.
0
c
a
sr
2.
►3
o
a
a
t
g,i»
p
• o
: 5
■o
a
m
s
I
:utt-d states— l3-inch 180.51
panUh— l2.6-Inch 48 i
'nito.i States— l2-lnch 45
panlsh— ll-iiuh 52.5
nited States~lo-inch 28
panish— !t.4;'>-inches 21
nlteil States— B-inch 15.2
lianish— 7.S7-lnch 11.5
nlted States— 6-inch 6
3j)aoish— 6-inoh 6.6
L'nlted St.it>-s -5-lnch 3.1
3panißh— 4.7-lnch 2.6
United States — 4-inch 1.5
Spanish — 4-inoh ; 1.8
1,100 560
1,041 455 ,
850 125
535|353
500J240
433i221
250 I 115
254 128
100 47
, 100 ! 19.5
50 2S
45 8.4;
33 12
30| 5 j
18
16
13
15
10
1 12
The rapidity with which guns can be
served and discharged is recorded from
actual tests on board ship at target prac
tice:
134-inch—7 rounds in 12 minutes.
13-Inch— l round in 2 minutes.
12-Inch— l round in 1 minute lfl seconds.
10-inch— l round in 2 minutes.
8-inch, quiok-liring— 4 rounds in 2 minutes 2
■econds.
S-inch— 2 rounds in 3 minutes.
6-inch. quick-firing— 6 rounds in 1 minute.
6-inch— l2 rounds in 1 minute.
o-inch, n»ick,-tirinK— 6 rounds In 1 minute.
4.7-inch, quick-lirinK— s rounds in -2 seconds.
6-pdrs — 10 rounds in 1 minute
The disadvantage of a ship with ordi
nary breech-loading G-inch rifles against
another with quick-firers is quite appar
ent.
. Another clement in naval gunnery Is
that of cost, which is enormous as com
pared with that of thirty years ago. The
cost of Elswick guns ten years ago was
as follows: 13., inch. $51,111; 12 inch.
$33,093; 9.2 inch. $21,615; 8 inch, $10,268; 6
inch. $5127; 5 inch, $1600; 12 pounders. $1000.
Quick-firing guns had not yet come into
general use, and their introduction en
tailed of course additional cost. The cost
of United States guns is not at hand, but
they are not likely to be less costly than
those above enumerated. The ammuni
tion which would be expended in a half
hour's engagement of a battleship of the
Oregon class would be quite a fortune,
and approximately as follows: Four 13
inch guns discharged fifteen times each,
making sixty rounds, the cost of each
discharge would be nearly $600, or a total
of (36,000. The eight t>-\v lines: n:~,t
twenty times each or collectively one
hundred and sixty rounds, would cost
J25.C00. Two hundred and forty rounds
from the four G-lnch jfttps ai >•"■-->,;
would foot up $9600: twenty G-no"""i^-«
firing 300 rounds each would cost $17,000.
and four 1-pounders peppering away at
the rate of thirteen shots a minute would
expend $174ti. making a total of nearly
$90,000 gone- up in smoke in half an hour,
or $45,000 in one-quarter hour engage
ment. Then there are the torpedoes,
which cost $2500 each of the Whitehead
pattern and $2200 for the Howell. Half a
dozen of these missiles sent off would be
at an expense of over J14.000. and to this
should be further added the fire from the
machine guns when sufficiently close to
make them effective, making not less
than $G4.000 expended during a fifteen
minute engagement. Add to this the cost
of damage done to the ship by the adver
sary, which may be merely nominal or
destructive to the vessel, and it will give
some idea of the cost o£ modern war
fare. __^_______— -
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Russian Navy Department has or
dered twenty Yarrow water lube boilers
from the Baltic Engineering and Ship
building Works at St. Petersburg. The
boilers arc for torpedo-boat destroyers
and torpedo-boats in course of construc
tion.
The latest improvement in the one
pounder Maxim quick-tiring gun is a dis
appearing carriage, making the gun par
ticularly well adapted for smaller vessels.
The entire outfit weighs only 2130 pounds.
The shell complete weighs L4G pounds,
fired with a charge of 1 ounce 110 grains,
which gives a velocity of ISOO feet per
second. Its firing capacity Is 250 rounds
per minute.
The d'Entrecasteaux, armored cruiser,
built in France soon after the United
States cruiser New York of that class had
had her highly successful trial, has re
cently had a preliminary speed trial at
sea. She made nineteen knots with 12.M0
horsepower, and when the engines are
worked up to their maximum power of
14,000 horsepower a speed of twenty knots
is anticipated. The d'Entrecasteaux is
8114 tons, against the New York of 8200
tons, which developed a speed of twenty
one knots on 17,400 horsepower.
The French battleship Formidable, of
12,165 tons, was launched in 1885, but has
been completed now, after undergoing
various changes on the original design.
She has received new boilers, and the bat
tery and gun protection has been entirely
changed. The ship has a steel belt of 21^
Inches in thickness, and her two 14.0-inch
rifles are located in barbettes, or open
turrets. 17% inches thick. Eight C.3-inch
quick-firers are protected by 6-inch case
mates, and her eight oVi-inch quick-firers
have heavy shields. The dimensions of
the Formidable are: 322 feet length, 6!»Mi
feet beam and a draught of nearly 30 feet.
The coal-bunker capacity is tons, and
she is expected to steam 1G knots under
forced draught.
An order was recently received at Brest
to mobilize the first division of the French
squadron in the shortest possible time,
as a test of the efficiency of the arsenal.
The division included the Hoche, Jem
mapes and Valmy. battle-ships; Dupuy
de Lome, armored cruiser, and four
smaller vessels. The order came at 8
o'clock in the forenoon, and by 10 o'clock
all the crews were aboard, and by 10
o'clock at night the ships had taken in
coal sufficient to steam twenty-five days
at twelve knots an hour, and all other
war stores, ammunition and provisions
up to full war requirements were on
board. It was demonstrated that Brest
could, in a few hours, fit out a squadron,
but it is alleged that if there had been
any doubt on this point the order would
not have been given. In other words, it
was a prearranged plan got up for some
political effect to secure supporters for
certain naval expenditure appropriations.
An official list of vessels building abroad
for the Japanese navy gives the following
facts: Three battle-ships are building at
the Thames Iron Works; Thompson &
Co., Glasgow, and at Elswick. The first,
named the Shikishima, is 43S feet by 75
feet 6 inches, and has a displacement of
15.088 tons on 27 feet 3 inches draught. The
Asaki, at Thomson's, is 13 feet shorter,
but displaces 15,440 tons, and the third,
not yet named, is 440 feet by 76 feet 6
inches and 15,240 tons on 27 feet draught.
Their speeds ace to be eighteen knots and
their date of completion is set for May 4
and October 5. 1899, and March 24, 1900.
Three armored cruisers, two of them of
9855 tons, and the third of 9906 tons, are
building at Elswick, two to b. completed
this year and the last in the summer of
1899. They will have speeds from 20% to
21V6 knots. One is not yet named; the
others are known as the Asama and Ta
kiwa. A protected cruiser, called Taka
sago, is nearly completed at Elswick. She
is 4227 tons, and is to make 22% knots. An
armored cruiser, Azuma, is being built in
France, to be completed in June, 1900. She
is 9460 tons and of twenty knots speed.
The Vulcan Company in Stettin is build
ing an armored cruiser of 9SOO tons, to be
delivered April, 1900; speed twenty knots.
The protected cruisers Kasagi and Chi
tosi, building at Cramps' and the Union
Iron Works, are to have a speed of 22»±
knots, and are to be delivered next De
cember. The distribution of this naval
work insures for the Japanese Govern
ment all the advantages arising from
competition, and the natural tendency of
each builder to excel his rival in turning
out ships that will bring more work to
the yard.
IN AKREST.
A private comes after me all the day long.
With a gun In his lmpldent holt.
An' looking right ready to blow up the world
If I took a notion to bolt;
The others are drillln' an' polishln' arms
An gittln' all ready to go.
While I'm cleanln' ditches an' mendin' the
drive
In front of the officers' row.
The sergeant comes by with his awkwardeat
squad,
An' ev'ry thick-headed recruit
Cocks up his off eye an' he wonders about
The man In the Olrty brown suit.
It's 9 and the guard mount's about to begin —
There, there! Hear the bugle calls blow;
I wish I was out movln' round on parade,
Not diggln' on officers' row.
There's visitors gawkln" all over the post —
Nice, tender, sweet things from the town —
An' they nudge one another an" ask for the
why -.
Of me beln" ricked out In brown.
It makes me feel hot, but I s'pos« It's all
right—
You couldn't expect 'em to know
It's because I licked Peters I'm cleanln' the
ditch
That runs along officers' row.
The boys are all readin' the papers; I hear
Them arguin' war as they pass.
Or when I work near to some lazyln' crowd
That's wearln' the green of the grass;
I'd like mighty well to chip into the talk
For just half a minute or so.
But I'm In arrest, an' the guard must be strict
Ip here along officers' row.
But never you mind. When It's time to play
ball
They'll order me out of arrest:
I'll throw oft the brown an' I'll march out In
blue
The same as the others are dressed:
An harder than when I licked Peters I'll fight.
If nghtin should come, for you know
That one kind of scrappin' ain't paid for
with jobs
Of dlggln' on officers' row.
—Chicago Record.
THE COMMERCE OF SPAIN.
Secretary Wilson of the Agricultural
Department lias authorized the publica
tion of a bulletin on the subject of Spain's
foreign trade from IS9I to 1895, inclusive,
prepared by Frank H. Hitchcock, the
chief of the section of foreign markets.
It shows that Spain's commercial trans
actions with the rest of the world amount
annually to more than $300,000,000. In 1895
the merchandise imports amounted to
£61,829,516 and the exports $155,355,759.
Spain's foreign trade is largely mari
time. Of the merchandise imported and
exported during 1891-95 only 15.9 per cent
was transported by land, while 84.1 per
cent was carried in sea-going vessels.
In the earlier years of the decade 1888
1895, says the New York Press, more thnn
one-half of Spain's maritime commerce
was carried by foreign vessels: but since
1891 there has been a change, and the na
tional shipping is now in the ascendency.
The imports and exports made under the
Spanish flag during 1896 amounted to
$146,969,806, and thus.- under flags of other
nations to only $115445,676.
The total value of the merchandise
annually exchanged between Spain and
Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines, the
Canaries and her various minor posses
sions exceeded $50,000,000. The United
States ranks third among the sources of
Spain's import trade.
Coal, which constitutes the most im
portant item among Spain's nnn-agricul
turaJ imports, is procured chiefly from the
United Kingdom, the receipts from the
United States amounting to less than 1
per cent of the total.
In 1896 there were entered and cleared
at Spanish ports 36.856 merchant vessels.
Of these vessels 19.169 carried the flag of
Spain and 17/>S7 vessels the flags of other
nations. The average yearly tonnage for
the five years. 1891-1895, was 24,374,939,
while that for the preceding five years
was only 22.4f9.590. This increase, was duo
to the growth in the tonnage of the
Spanish merchantmen.
On December 31, 1896, the latest date for
which there are available statistics, the
merchant marine of Spain comprised 1783
vessels, having an aggregate tonnage of
719.572. Compared with the statistics for
1895. this is a slight increase in the size of
the fleet and a marked one in its tonnage.
The steam vessels increased from 431 In
l.w, to 523 in 1896. The ships entered and
cleared on the Atlantic amounted an
nually to 19.704. as against 15,738 along
the Mediterranean.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
J. B. Brown and P. M. Condtt of Eu
reka are both at the Lick.
W. D. Grady, the Fresno attorney, is
a puest at the Occidental.
E. de la Custa, Supervisor of Santa
Barbara, is a guest at the Grand.
J. B. Alexander and J. Phillips of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
John Mclnnis, a wealthy merchant of
Michigan, is at the Occidental with his
wife.
Professor B. McGillicuddy of Deadwood,
S. Dak., is staying at the Grand, where
he arrived yesterday.
William M. Meyers has come down from
Livermore on a business trip and is to
be found at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Brown of Auburn
have come to the city with a party of
friends. They are all staying at the
Palace.
Dan Murphy, ex-Collector of the por/.
of Eureka, Humboldt County, arrived
here on the Orizaba yesterday and will
extend his business trip to Seattle. '
George Bowles,
manager of the
Purser Company
and of anything
else that is likely
to happen after
nightfall, issome
thlng of a gour-
THE WAITER
KNEW
HIS BUSINESS.
met and never misses an opportunity to
try a new dish. The other night he, to
gether with his star, Ferris Hartman,
and his star's friend, one Tomaso Leary,
who was discovered some years ago by
Hartman when that gentleman was en
gaged In exploring the scenic forests of
ihe Tivoli, went into a cafe adjacent to
the BaMwin Hotel for a light supper.
The three of them sat down to a table,
and when the attendant appeared to take
the order Leary said he was not feeling
vjry well, so he would only take a small
dish of boiled beef and greens, with a
half-gallon of beer to wash it down.
Hartman had been to the races playing
Joe Eppinger's tips, so he thought that
a thin cracker and a glass of water would
be about his limit. But Bowles, the re
splendant Bowles, had been in the box
office all the afternoon attending to the
advance sale of tickets for his show, and
consequently nothing on the entire menu
was too good or too expensive for his
hypercritical taste. He took the bill of
fare, and, carefully scanning it. he saw a
dish called '•mousannilni aux frambosil,"
which was a new one on him, and conse
quently he decided to have some.
When the dish appeared it proved to be
a veritable triumph of the culinary au,
and thj enchanted Bowles insisted on h's
frlenc's Uying each a mouthful, so they
could ,ice how good it was and know
what U call for, if they ever happens
to come into the place with money In
their pockets. Leary and Hartman both
tasted and were delighted with the dish
and 'nsisted on knowing what it w.'.s.
"There is the name," said Bowles, point
ing to the menu, "but what it is 1 have
not the slightest idea. However, we'll
call the waiter and find out." He beck
oned the menial and, turning to that in
dividual said: "Young man, this dish
with whi-n you have provided us is deil
cate in the extreme. Can you tell ma
what it is?" "Yes," answered the waiter,
"it's $2 40." .
ANSWERS "TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOR THE CUBANS-B. P. M., Pleas
ant Grove, Sutler County, Cal. For in
formation as to whom to send aid to the
starving Cubans, address a communica
tion to Faust E. Mascharini. .IS Green
wich street, San Francisco.
LARGE CARGO — A correspondent
draws attention to the fact that the Brit
ish ship Somali a few years ago earned
away a larger cargo than the Shenan
doah. She had on board 6124 tons of
wheat, as against 4500 carried by the fc>ne
nandoah.
A NEWSPAPER— O. V. A., San Jose,
Cal. The question you ask about tha
cost of running a newspaper is one that
cannot be answered in a general way.
"Bright managing' editors" consider their
services worth all the way from *7a to
?150 a week.
JAPAN'S ARMY-C. H., City. On a
peace footing the strength of the army
of Japan is: Infantry. 56.037; cavalry,
5760; artillery, 7818; engineer and train,
4326; total peace strength. 73,941. First
reserves, 70,000, and second reserves, 206,
000; total on war footing, 349,941.
COLOR BLINDNESS— A. S.. City.
What is called color blindness is often
times tho result of a lack of education as
to colors. In such a case education is tha
remedy. But if color blindness is a re
sult of a defect of the nerves of the eye
then there is no remedy for it.
TWO HALF-DOLLARS— A. S., City. A
50-cent piece of ISO 6, if extra fine and with
a fillet head, commands a premium of 5
cents. The dealers charge from 85 cents
to $1 50 tor such coins. A half dollar of
ISI7 does not command a premium, but
sells for prices varying from 85 cents to
$2 50. The latter price is charged for
those coins on which the date is punc
tuated as follows, 181.7.
HANGING— E. J. C, City. There Is n«
law in this country that ccclarea that a
man condemned to be hanged by legal
process shall not be hanred on Good
Friday or any other religious day. The
law does not fix any day of the week
upon which an execution shall take place,
but a condemned Individual cannot be
executed on a day that by law 13 de
clared a legal holiday or dias non.
MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS — 8.,
City. According to military rules a com
pany order is signed "John Doe, com
manding Company , First Infantry, N.
G. C," if it be a company of the First
Regiment of the National Guard of this
State. A commanding officer of a com
pany addressing a letter to a private of
the company would address him by his
name, letter of the company and number
of the regiment.
WHRLWIND— S. T. W.. Eureka, Cal.
The rotation of the earth gives a uniform
direction to all whirls large enough to
make its twist effective, from right to
left in the northern hemisphere and op
posite to this in the southern. Cyclones
1 are whirling storms of large horizontal
| dimensions. A cyclone is characterized
by a center of low atmospheric pressure
j toward which there is a spiral inflow of
i air. The inflow is against the sun (contra
i clockwise) in the northern hemisphere
' and opposite in the southern.
THE WYOMING MASSACRE— A. L. J.,
City. The massacre of white settlers in
I Wyoming Valley, Perm., by Indians dur
i ing the Revolutionary War, was a part
j of the policy of the British Ministry, set
i tied in the councils of the King in his
own palace. It was doing by Indian
! slaughter that which could not be
achieved by honorable warfare. There
was no act on the part of the settlers
to invite the murderous attack, except
■ possibly that some of the younger mem
bers of the colony had joined the army
: of Washington.
THROWING THE SLIPPER— B. 1...
City. Throwing an old shoe or slipper
after young married folk is an expression
iof wishes for their good fortune. The
', throwing of such is a renunciation of
i dominion over the bride and authority
j over her by her father or guardian, and
! the receipt of the shoe by the bridegroom
j is an omen that the authority has been
transferred to him. In Kent, England,
the shoe is thrown by the principal
bridesmaid, and the others run after it.
, It is supposed that she who gets it will
be the first to be married. It is then
thrown among the unmarried men, and
he who is hit will be. the first wedded.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend'a.*
Alaska cut rates. First steamer direct
to Dawson leaves May 3; few berths left
Apply 4(5 Market street. San Francisco. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main liM2 •
"Sometimes," said Uncle Eben "I has
mer s'picions dat dat boy er mine doesn't
show no respeck foh advice 'case he sees
how little his father done got out" n it "—
Washington Star.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething wit*
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Collo reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days" board
at the Hotel del Coronado, J65; longer stay.
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery »t.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs. Colo.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY Wn>L STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold in twelve hours, or money refunded. No
Percentage Pharmacy.
—« m ■
She — What do you think of the prop
osition to tax bachelors, with a view to
encourage matrimony?
He — I think it would be much better
to pive a bounty with wives.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
AN ASSAULT UPON
SPANISH HONOR
Is what Sagasto calls this. You can
fool people some of the time, but not
all the time. Regular standard, high
grade work year in and year out is
what tells, and you can always depend
upon artistic and beautiful finish and
color on any work turned out at tha
United States Laundry. Office 1004 Mar-
ket street. Telephone Soutb. 410.WHEAT SOARS
WHILE WAR
ADVANCES
Local Brokers Break
the Sabbath and
Do Business
Prospects of a' Big Jump
in the Foreign Market
Within a Week.
Old - Time Prices Likely to
Prevail Before Many
Days.
ENGLISH BUYERS EXCITED
Great Nervousness on Change With
Prospects of «n Exciting
Week
■Wheat continues to soar, and there -m'
prospects that the coming week will be
one of the liveliest In the history of the
local market. So intense whs the Inter
est, and so nervous were the brokers
yesterday that they swarmed about the
Merchants' Exchange and transacted a
great deal of business.
After the clos< B turday's regular
call board the feeling was bo feverish
that many brokers met and transacted
business in wheat and barley. All day-
Saturday and yesterday private cable's
ng in from England, all show-
Ing that the English markets are very
strong owing to the failure of crops iii
vario if the world, and the im
pending Spanish-American war. English
Importers w< re aci epting all American
offerings without hesitation. Russian ex
:heir markets advancing
; that of importing countries.
tting off ;■ - from
lia. This fact has caused much
alarm throughout England and Fl i
It is well known that France has .
taking . - of whi at made bj
og houses for the past
In many cases Englishmen have Bold
i ecting to be able to buy Amer
<vheat to fill Bales made to the Con
. but in this th(
:i markets have hardened
ig short sellers
■ r wheat to nil their un-
Eng
aJarmiugly low mak<
■
goes afloat are . sellers'
Ij is this t: ne ol off i oast
■ •■..- of
wheat are not at all reassuring to for
■ en pursuing a. hand
to hand policy.
■ and and France wl ka are
mallest pr r known In the
history of those countries. li Russia
exports, which Beems more than
an wheat will bring
•
The lo.al market is "in a state of ex
■ ss refa.rdl.-ss ol th<
Sunday, if did not
- ers at lion. crowd of
gathered In I . Ex-
De
:■ wheat sold at $1 71^.. At this
market hesitated, that being
price asked when the brokers dis- '■
• for th< lr homes, l tarley was
traded in at »l 38% for December.
ng In barley was mie of much
distrust. The trade feels that that com
modity ha omed too high", and it
ired a serious break will occur be
ccount or the. heavy im
ports grain to take Its place as
feed. Barlej is entirely of a local nature;
the present strength comes merely from .
a stn market. It is altogether
likelj ■ •r-iijht rates mi corn and
tern barley will again be reduc.-d.
This week will probably witness very
exciting times in the Produce Exchange.
The traHc is anticipating greatly ad
vanced prices for wheat in English and'
markets.
KESENTED THE INSULT.
A Spanish Sympathizer Put to Flight
by a Soldier.
John Murray, a soldier stationed at the
Presidio, engaged in a wordy dispute
•with a man on Powell street lasi even
ing as to the outcome of the war with
Spain. The stranger espoused the cause
of Spain and referred to the soldiers of
Uncl© Sam as a "lot of stiffs." Murray
became incensed at the remark and
Btarted to annihilate bis opponent. The
latter took to his heels and darted int >
a Baloon close by. Murray followed him
but before he had a chance to chastise
him for the insulting remark a police
officer appeared on the Bcene and ar
rested the soldier. As he was under the
Influence of liauor a charge of drunk
enness wa-s re<-.Jided against him.
ADVERTISE2£ENTS.
TUMOR EXPELLED.
TTnquallfled Success of Lydla B.
Plnkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Elizabeth Whkelock, Magno-
lia, lowa, in the following letter de«
scribes her recovery from a very criti-
cal condition:
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I have been
taking your Vegetable Compound, and
jMm^m am dow ready to sound
Eaßß|Hr j — -\ has done wou-
Ett^V y^\ ders for me in
|j|r . <f r /^'\ re^eving me
Wi&\ S -O \of a tumor.
K»lh^ Ny 'S^C 1 "M3' health
mS tiM i 7 —^_^->^ for three years.
fl^^P// 2T — Change of life
gik^^ in\^^ was working
j V U \\B^" much bloated
'■. H." '--;• and was a bur- |
den to myself. Was troubled with
smothering spells, also palpitation ot
the heart and that bearing-down feel- !
ing, and could not be on my feet much.
"I was growing worse all the time,
until I took your medicine.
"After taking three boxes of Lydia
E. Finkham's Vegetable Compound
Lozenges, the tumor passed from me.
"My health has been better ever
Bince, can now walk quite a distance
and am troubled no more with palpita-
tion of the heart or bloating. 1 rec-
ommend your medicine to all »ufferers
from female troubles."
It is hardly reiisonable to suppose
that any one can doubt the efficiency
of Mrs. PinkhanVs methods and medi-
cine in the face of th« tremendous »ol-
ume of testimony.
THE INTEREST
WAS DIVIDED
Cuba and Kotzebue Held
Equal Sway on the
Water Front.
The Pumping Barge Char
tered by the Farmers Now
on the Sacramento.
Smart Work Done by the Steamer
Humbo dt Between Dyea, Skaguay
and This ForL
Cuba and Kotzebue Sound divided the
attention of the public on the water :runt
yesterday. Cuba was represented by the
coast defense steamer Monterey, the
naval battalion sloop-of-war Marion and
the cutters Grant and Corwln. while the
barks Kufus E. Wood. Alaska and Mer
maid and barkentir.es Catherine Sudden
and Jane A. Falkenburg attracted the at-
I tentlon of the gold hunters and their
friends.
On the Monterey everybody was on the
gui vlve, and orders are expected hourly
for the coast defense vessel to co out on
a cruise. The boats, save two, have been
taken off the davits and either to-day or
10-morrow the warship's steam launch
will tow them to Mure Island. A few
visitors were allowed aboard durinc the
day, but a.s a general rule both officers
and men were too busy 10 make their
frit-ads heartily welcome.
Very few people were allowed on board
the Marion, and those that did manage
' to reach her deck had to pass a double
: line of sentries. Half way ap Howard
1 street wharf the first guard was sta
tioned, while the second was at the gang
plank. Nearly the entire strength of the
battalion was on board during the after
noon, and one. crew went out in the whale
boat for a practice row. Captain Louis
Turm r Is hurrying back from the north
to resume his command, and on his ar
rival it is expected that the Marion will
be hauled out into the stream and put
in commission. It is not so very long
;i; it j" since the sloop-of-war was doing duty
on the Asiatic station, and she Is still
(or many years of sea service.
U lien the Yukon Kiver opens the Marion
may be put into service to convoy the
steamers that will bring the gold down
from St. Micnaei.
On the revenue cutters very little was
beir.g done, as the captains and otfkers
are mply awaiting orders.
There was a steady stream of visitors
to the Koizebue Sound boats during the
day. The bark Alaska is to sail next
Thursday, and nearly all of her 110 pas
sengers were down during the day. Berths
were being selected, baggage stored away
a:.«l things generally got in readiness for
tht; start.
The Jane. A. Falkenburg has been thor- ;
oughly overhauled and is now ready tor
her passengers. It will be v. couple of !
w< eks before she gets away, but her
owners expect to not only heat the Alas
ka, but have their men on the gold licids
,i week ahead or her.
The alterations to the Catherine Sudden
are not yet completed, but judging from
the present outlook they will be equal
if not superior to anything that will so
north. Tlie Sudden ujiJ i?"alkenburg will
both take their steam launches on deck,
so that when Kotzebue Sound is reached
all that will be necessary will be to put
the boats over the side, man and pro
vision them and start up the Kuouck
River. In the case of the Alaska the
river boat has been built hi sections and
will have to .be put together at St. Law
rence island before the trip up the river
can begin.
The -Mermaid was also well patronized
bj- visitors yesterday, and she and the
Budden and Falkenburg will all get away
about' the same time. Sho also is carry
ing her launches on deck, so it will be
a=pretty race Uetwetsn the three boats to
see hlch will get her passengers iirst
into the river. Although going: into a
practically .unknown country, still every
one of the gold hunters expects to come
back a millionaire in a year or so.
The Rufus E. Wood is not going to
Kotzebue, but will carry passengers and
freight to .St. Michael. She is one of
. the Alaska-Yukon Company's boats and
should make a quick trip to the Yukon.
. The brig Harriet G, another of the
Klondike fleet coming- here from the
East, arrived from New York yesterday.
The gold hunters on board of her call
themselves the Manhattan-Alaskan Trad
; Ing and Mining Company, and after fit
ting out .here they are going o.i to St.
Michael. The Harriet G took lit days
to come here. On January 1G she was "at
Montevid-eo. and on March 5 she anchored
oft Juan Fernandez (Robinson Crusoe's)
: Island instead of putting into Valpa
raiso. They replenished their water
: tanks and secured a supply of goat meat
and vegetables from the natives and
sailed again the same day. The trip up
the coa^-t was an uneventful one.
The Spreckels tug Fearless, which ar
i rived from Dutch Harbor Saturday night,
] will be turned over to the United States
authorities to-day. Yesterday the crew
was engaged in putting the hawsers
ashore and getting their belongings to
gether. Captain Clem Randall's friends
; were all down to see him during the day,
and they gave the clever master of the
Fearless a hearty welcome home.
The barge Merritt, from which so much
is expected by the farmers on the Sacra
mento River, started for her destination
yesterday In tow of the tug Elizabeth.
She was tried prior to the start and the
compound engine on board easily pumped
20.000 gallons an hour. The Elizabeth will
take the barge halfway up the Sacra
mento, where she will be taken In tow
by one of the river steamers and towed
to J. YV. Browning's ranch. As told in
Last Monday's Call exclusively the barge
la to be towed from ranch to ranch and
pump water from the river over the
levees Into the irrigating dltcheß dug by
the farmers. In this way it is hoped to
save the crops and perhaps grow a sec
ond one.
The Humboldt Steamship Company's
fine new steamer Humboldt, which ar
rived from Seattle yesterday; did remark
ably well on her last round trip to Dyea
and Skaguay. Her run from Skaguay to
Seattle in three days and twenty ho"urs.
including the necessary anchorages la
the fastest run on record, while the" round
trip In sixteen days and twenty hours, In
cluding: two days spent at Seattle, speaks
for Itself. Of all the vessels that are and
have heen en*aj»ed in the Hyea-Skaguay
trade the ITumhnldt is probably the one
that has *iven the most satisfaction. She
will probably make two ,nore trips to
Ska*uay and will then be put on the St
Michael run.
Among the pnssenjrers who came down
on the Humboldt was Captain E. Clem
ent, the well-known Alaskan pilot. Tie
was formerly master of the steamer City
of Kingston, but pave up his vessel ns
soon as the rush to Klondike bejran. He
will probably go back north on the Hum
boldt.
Thrashed His Wife.
William F. Murray, a big. husky labor
er, living at 727 Minno ntreet. went home
drunk yesterday morning and brutally
beat his wife. Their three children began
to cry and he beat them also
H<» was arrested by Policemen
Owens and Coleman and taken
to the City Prison, where a charge of bat
tery was booked against him. Mrs. Mur
ray and the children were taken along in
the patrol wagon, and after the husband
had been locked up she was sent to tha
Receiving Hospital, where her wounds
and bruises were attended to. Murray
claimed that his wife had been drinking.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
i<' children will be asked to look into the
case:
Swiss Riflemen.
The bullseye and medal shoots of the
Swiss Rifle * Club were heM nt Harbor
View range yesterday. The best bulls
eyes were made by P. Croce. J. Bachman,
P. A. Oiannlnl, Jules Leeman, 13. Baum
grartner, A. yon Wyll. James Fetz and A.
Monottl. In the medal shoot the prize
winners were: Champion class. Al Geh
ret, 421; first class, Jules Lpeman, 381; sec
ond class, J. R. Ilanter, 394; third class,
A. Monotti, 300.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAV, APRIL 25, 189 S.
COMPELLED
TO SEE HER
TILL RIFLED
Bold Daylight Rob
bery in a Folsom
Street Bakery.
Two Men Pass Them
selves Off as Deputy
Sheriffs.
Show a Badge and Pretend
They Were Sent to Collect
a Bill for FJour.
HAD A BUGGY OUTSIDE.
The Police Have an Accurate De
scription of the Two Robbers
and Are Searching for Them.
T>v) men, under the Riiise <f deputy
sheriffs, committed a daring robbery Ba*.
urday aiternoon, nearly frightening a
woman to death at the .same thn?.
About 3 o'clock two men drove up in
a buggy to the Swedish and American
Bakery, 988 Folsom street, owned by J.
Lander. Lander, unfortunately, happened
to be away at the time, but his wife
was In the store. They told her that
they were deputy sheriffs and had called
to collect a bill of $65 for flour. One of
them threw back the lapel of his coat
and showed a badge, but Mrs. Lander
did not notice whether anything was en
graved on it.
She told them that she did not know
of any bill being due for $65, as her hus
band, who was not in, looked after these
things. She asked them to call again
when he would be in.
"We can't wait, said one of the men,
"and we must collect the money at once.
c will go downstairs and see what
Hour you have got in the cellar."
They went downstairs and returned in
a few minutes. They said there was not
enough flour to cover the bill, and sug
gested that they should go upstairs to
the living rooms to see what they could
levy on there.
Mrs. Lander begged them not to go up
stairs, and one of them said: "Well
let s see what you have got in the till. 1 '
Mrs. L-amlei planted herself in front of
the till and again begged them to wait
until her busband returned, but she was
rudely Belied by the arm and thrown
aside. One robber made two unsuccess
ful attempts to force open the drawer
but the third was successful. He
grabbeti the money in the till, between
X and $4, and demanded to know if that
was aU the money she had. The poor
m man was by this time almost in a
hysterical condition, and with tears in
her < •>> s told them it was all the money
she had, and implored them to go away.
Finally they took their departure, after
telling her that they would return about
i> o clock. She saw them jump into the
buggy and drive off along Folsom street
in the direction of the ferry.
As soon as her husband returned Mrs
Lander informed him of what the two
mr-n had done. He did not wait tc see
ii they would return at 5 o'clock, but at
r nee notified police headquarters, and
Detectives Ryan and ODea were detailed
on the ease.
Mis. Lander was seen yesterday. She
is still suffering from her nervous fright,
and it will be some time before she will
pluck up sufficient courage to remain in
t!:-- store alone again.
'•One of the men," she said, "was very
rough and violent. He was a short thin
man with a reddish mustache, and it was
he that robbed the till and threw me
aside. He had such a fierce look that
I was afraid of my life. The other man
was taller and stouter. He had a full
round face and dark mustache. I would
know them both again. They were both
fairly well dressed. The baiige that the
smaller man showed was not bright 'is
the stars of the policemen. I was too
excited to take notice whether anything
was on it.
"After taking: the money out of the
till the robber tore a piece of paper from
a bau on the counter and wrote some
thing on it and pitched it at me. i don't
know what was on the paper my hus
band has given it to the police. The men
die not return."
The detectives last nieht arrested a
young man named William Rilev on sus
picion of being one of the robbers lie
was take, to police headquarters and
Mrs. Lander was sent for. After care
fully looking at him the woman declared
that he was not the right man, although
he resembled the smaller of the two rob
bers.
Riley was then released from custody.
SPREAD THEIR
WHITE WINGS
Opening of the Yachting Season
by the San Fran
cisco Club.
Successful Aquatic Events and *
Pleasant Cruise Over
the Bay.
A lovely morning followed the success
ful opening dance of the fcian Francisco
Yacht Club on Saturday night. Soon
after 10:30 a. m., the regatta committee,
consisting of Vice-Commodore G. T. s'
White. Treasurer R. B. Hogue and Meas
urer J. M. Punnett. started the 150-yard
swimming race for men, the results of
which were as follows: First, J. Minifee;
second, Archie Sutherland; third, Frank
.Langstroth.
Then followed the race for boatmen In
yacht-tenders, which resulted thus: First
Azalene's boat; second, Raniona's boat'
third, Surprise's boat.
The race for half-raters did not come
off, there being only one entry. Very few
of the small sailing craft are in commis
sion yet.
The clubhouse stood open most of yes
terday and was visited by many friends
of the members. Ladies in summer
dresses chatted on the piazza or were
taken out upon the bay in launches or
yachts.
At about noon Commodore Dr. T. L.
Hill's flagship Cygnos got under way
and the rest of the San Francisco Club
and visiting yachts followed upon signal
from the commodore. There was a pip
ing breeze, which carried the cruisln*
yachts quickly over to the San Francisco
water front. Thence the California
Yacht Club contingent shaped its course
for Oakland Creek, while the San Fran
cisco and "Corinthian boats sailed back
round Angel Island. The Corinthian boats
went to their moorings at Tiburon and
the San Francisco yachts reached Sau
pu.ll to soon after 4 o'clock.
The opening cruise of the club W9M
pleasant and wholly successful. The Sail
Francisco Yacht Club was represented
by Commodore Dr. T. 1,. Hill's Cygnos
Vice-Commodore G. T. 8. White's Will
o'-the-Wisp. Ix)Uls Sutherland's Cathe
rine. ex-Commodore 1. Gutte's Chispa
ex-Commodore George Billings' Nixie'
\V. McCarthy's Ramona, E. C. Bartlett's
Frolic, Sarony's Juanita, Chlttenden's
yaw! Phyllis. Vice-Commodore G. T S
White's Scout.
The Corinthian Yacht Club's represen
tatives were: Commodore Carl Wester
feld'a Aeolus, J. C. BrickeU's Freda,
Schrober's Pinta, ex-Commodore Alex
ander J. Young's Clara, F. Ames' Elia,
F. Cook's Harpoon and Thelma.
The California Yacht Club's represen
tatives were: Allen M. Clay's Sea Fox,
F. Langstroth's yawl Lupita. Lea's Sur
prise and ex-Commodore Wilson's Pil-
Next Saturday and Sunday the Corin
thian Yacht Club opening takes nlare.
and will doubtless be well attended, es
pecially by yachtsmen o£ the ban Fran
cisco Yacht Club.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS RALLY.
James O'Brien of Company E Wins
the Silver Medal for Elo
quence in Debate.
The regular Quarterly rally of the
League of the Cross Cadets took place in
Native Sons' Hall on Mason street yes
terday afternoon. The hall was crowded
to its utmost capacity by the friends and
relatives of the cadets, who had come to
witness the debate between the cham
pions of four parishes, the winner of
which was' to receive the silver medal
whtah would entitle him to enter the
grand debate for the Riordan gold medal,
which debate will be held in August next.
The four contestants were- Private
James O'Brien of Company E, St. Marys
parish; Color Sergeant George Shaw of
Sacred Heart parish; Private Hunt of
Company M, St. Francis' parish; Sergeant
Frank J. Callighan of Company G, St.
Bridget's parish.
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas F. Ryan
presided and the judgea were Julius
Kahn, Silas White and Dr. Mahoney.
The subject of the debate was '•Tem
perance the Foundation of True Man
hood," and each of the speakers did so
well that when the judges finally retired
to decide who should receive the coveted
medal they had some difficulty In coming
to a decision, but llnally decided that
the honor belonged to James Ryan, and
accordingly he was presented with the
trophy by Rev. Father Ryan, the spirit
ual director of the cadets.
During the intermissions In the debate
i patriotic selections were rendered ou the
piano and addresses were listened to from
I Rev. Father Makeham of San Mateo
: Seminary, Julius Kahn and others.
At the conclusion of the debate it was
1 announced that a grand competitive drill
i for the Montgomery medal will take place
ion May 24 in the Mechanics' Pavilion,
i and that an admission of 50 cents would
be charged for the same.
The patriotism of the cadets is at the
fever heat, as could be seen by the en
i thusiasm with which every little allusion
! to a probable call for active service was
j received, and if the 700 who volunteered
| are allowed t<> go to me front they can
be trusted to uphold the honor of the
i names many of them bear, which have
heretofore appeared on the death roll of
every hotly contested battle in the mod
ern history of the world.
/fit** '<f^f\
The German vereins were well repre-
Bented last night at the Deutschen Fest,
an entertainment furnished by the gen
eral committee of all the vereins In tniy
city. The entertainment was held in ih*»
Turk-street hall and the proceeds will
go to the general fund for the estab
lishment of a free German school and
library in San Francisco.
The programme was a popular one,
many of the numbers being so well re
ceived that double encores were demand
ed. The sing-ing- of the Massenchor was
specially noteworthy, th*. gretU strong
voices of the male members filling the
hall and reverberating with splendid ef
fect.
The few speeches wore pithy and full
of matter. The needs of the association
were set forth and the advantages of a
free Gorman school and library were, im
pressed upon the audience. Mayor Phelan
att< nd«d and was called upon for a few
remarks. After assuring his audience
that he was bappy to bo with thpm he
gave utterance to some very appropriate
sentiments, concluding with a story that
Bet all laughing.
The programme was as follows:
Overture, OTchMtra; "Farewell to the Fath
erland." M.'sseii' hor; welcome, I >r. Mag Mag
nus: nddri'ss, Hun. Mayor Phelan; "The True
Herman Heart," Massenehor: declamation,
Frl. Cl. Sdvnabal; address, Charles Bundschu;
song, M&ssenuhor; march, orchestra.
Dancing concluded the evening's fes
tivities.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal.,
who will send free sample of Smithes
Dandruff Pomade, which is for sale by
all druggists. •
Society of St. Vincent de Paul.
The second general meeting of the So
ciety of St. Vincent de Paul, which has
for its object the relief of the poor of
this city, was held yesterday afternoon
at St. Brendan's Hall, and proved to be
one of the largest representative gather
ings held by the society during the pres
ent year. "in accordance with custom
the members, several hundred in number,
assembled in the hall on Fremont street
at 7:30 o'clock in the morning, where they
formed in procession and marched to the
parish church, receiving communion in a
body at the 8 o'clock mass. At the meet
ing in the afternoon the reports for
warded by the various committees were
read and "filed, and after dispensing with
the usual routine work it was adjourned
for the period of six months.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas' Shoes, 324Kearny*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. JL Are You ' 1
! fff Growing Old? !
iCr Hi ■ * -^
o I IV\| Nothing shatters a man's pride quicker than £
C 2 1 I 1 \ the knowledge that he is prematurely aged. The £
,*•* I*/ U -^ sense of manly strength is gone, confidence and o
*"* / J V N *& self " esteem are weakened, and the greatest pleas- ~
XX / f^-A tr urea of life are destroyed. y
w a^"-*^ v» f The vital spark, that wonderful Influence which XX
\Z . V supports manly vigor and youthful, feelings, im- £
** pulses and self-confidence, is born of the electricity q
XX in the nerves. . Men waste its force in excesses and
£ dissipations and grow old at 40. **
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt i
XX Has turned back the hands of time for many a man. It ans the dy- £
XX Ing spark of vitality, warms the nerves and blood with its vitalizing XX
J5 electric currents, and brings forth the gladsome joy of vigorous man- -'XX
<3 hood. • - . ; XX
>-£ You should read the valuable little book, "Three Classes of Men." by ■#
w Dr. Sanden. He will send It sealed, free, upon application, by mail or at g
o the office.' Call or address ; V* #
g SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * * g
£ 63£ Market Street, San Francisco. $5000 REWARD £
XX NV TE -M a >f e o "S ™' stak ' > ln the number ' Will be paid for one of £
r« Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays. 10 these Belts wmen rails £t
*; to 1. Branches at Los Anjreles. Cal.. 204V4 to generate a current of >-v
« South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington TT««^t^i^n«
>-< atreet: Denver. Colo., P3l Sixteenth street;. _ *aectrlclty. £.
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main ftreet.-;, * : ♦
SAD FATE OF
A COLORED
PLUNGER
William Gibson Is
Locked Up in a
Padded Cell.
His Friends Fear That
He Is Hopelessly
Insane.
Pours Carbolic Acid Over His
Back to Cure an Im
aginary Pain.
KNOWN TO RACE-GOERS.
An Effort to B« Made to Have
Him Sent to a Private
Asylum.
William Gibson, one of the best known
colored sports in the city, is locked up
in a padded cell in the Receiving Hospital
pending an examination as to his sani'i.
His friends fear he is hopelessly insane"
For a number of years Gibson was a
familiar figure at the race track. He
operated a roulette game in the interest
of Joe Harvey, and was known to ever>
race track goer. Some time ago he begai
to act strangely, and Harvey was forced
to dispense with his services. Last Sat
urday he created a scene on Kearny
street, and a deputy sheriff, who wit
nessed it, concluding he was insane, took
him to the Receiving Hospital. Superin
tendent Feishthaller refused to receive
him. as the deputy sheriff did not have
the necessary warrant.
Last tfVening Gibson went to police
headquarters, and after announcing thai
he was organizing a company to assist
the United States in whipping Spain
started to enlist several policemen.
One of them, realizing he was mentall.%
deranged, took him to the hospital, where
a charge of insanity was recorded ogams 1
him. After being placed in a padded eel
Gibson complained of severe pains in his.
back. He -was taken into the operating
room, and when stripped his back pre
sented a sickening appearance. From the
neck to his waist the flesh was burned, j
presumably by some powerful acid.
When asked how he had received the j
Injury, Gibson remarked that he was not
telling his professional secrets to any
body.
To a friend who afterward visited him
the unfortunate man, in explanation of
how he had received the burns, said he
was troubled with pain in his back, and
to eradicate It he applied pure carbolic
acid.
"It jest gone an' kill de pain," he re
marked, "but yer kin bank yer last cent
that made me jump when I poured it
over my back."
A number of Gibson's friends visited the
hospital last night and announced theli
intention of having him sent to some
private institution in the hope that he will
regain his mental equilibrium.
WRECKED THE HEARSE.
Serious Runaway Accident on Golden
Gate Avenue.
Two horses attached to a hearse, which
was being driven by James Portley, ran
away on Golden Gate avenue yesterday
afternoon. At Gough street the hearse
was overturned and Portley was thrown
from his seat, but fortunately escaped with
a sprained ankle. The glass of the
hearse was broken, but no other dam
age was done.
Portley was . returning from a trip to
the cemetery when the runaway occurred.
Routed His Assailants.
Dr. Frank Fitzglbbon of the Receiving
Hospital staff had an exciting encounter
with three men on Fourth street last
night. The doctor was returning from a
visit to a patient, and When near Folsom
street he was accosted by an evil-looking
stranger, who demanded money. He em
phasized his demand - seizing the man
of medicine by the arm. Just then his
two companions, who were concealed in
a doorway, sprung out on the doctor and
vainly endeavored to force him to give
up his purse.
Realizing he was In the hands of des
perate men the doctor determined to give
them battle. Raising his cane he brought
it down on the head of one of his assail
ants, while with his disengaged hand he
struck another in the jugular. As he fell
the doctor struck him with his cane,
breaking it in several pieces. As the
third man rushed at him the doctor, with
the piece of broken cane, jabbed him in
the neck, cutting a deep gash. At this
Juncture two policemen appeared on the
scene and arrested the wounded man and
one of his companions. The other man
aged to get away. At the City Prison
they gave their names as Robert Brad
shaw and William Johnson, and they
were each booked on two charges of bat
tery and disturbing the peace. The
wounded man was subsequently taken to
the Receiving Hospital where the cut in
his neck was stitched.
Fitzgibbon Is an officer of the medical
corps of the National Guard. A number
of his brother soldiers, on hearing- of his
valiant deed, warmly congratulated him.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
oooooooooooooooooosoooooooooooooooooo
I g
o o
I CITY OF jllll PARIS i
S DRY GOODS CO. I
o ; o
i ARRIVAL OF |
iNEW GOODS 1
© === °
I. Will Be Shown 1
I MONDAY — APRIL2StI.I
© o
© o
© EMPIRE GOWNS, revers and embroidered insertion, made of best O
O material 75c each Q
O SLEEPING ROBES, plaited and hemstitched rolling collar 90c each Q
O EMPIRE GOWNS, wide collar, hem finish, neck and sleeves trimmed Q
O with insertion $1 25 each q
q CAMBRIC GOWNS, in Empire and other late effects, in variety of q
q designs, trimmed with very fine embroidery $1 50 each _
o FINE CAMBRIC DRAWERS, made with deep hem and tucks; also j?
_ full line of Cambric drawers, embroidered 50c each v
' n FINER CAMBRIC DRAWERS, trimmed with new designs in em- °
w broidery : 75c each ©
© LADIES' CHEMISE, with embroidered yoke, on best muslin.. ..50c each O
© CAMBRIC CHEMISE, corded trimmings, very neat 50c each ©
© LADIES' CHEMISE, of round and square effects, trimmed with lace ©
O and embroidery, ranging downward from J..J2 50 to 75c each ©
© SKIRT CHEMISE, in lawn and nainsook, lace and embroidered O
v trimmings, ranging downward from '. $5 t> $1 50 O
© MUSLIN UMBRELLA SKIRTS, trimmed with fine wide embroid- O
O cry, from $5 down to • $1 50 each q
O FINE LAWN SKIRTS, lace and embroidered trimmings, best quality, n
q $7, and running as low as $2 50 each Q
q CORSET COVERS, made of fine cambric, trimmed with lace em- 5?
; q broidery, fr »« $2 50 down to 50c each
Q LADIES' WASH WRAPPERS, made of lawn and Gingham, fine °
;*r fitting, with ext.a. widui or skirt, $4, down to $1 L'o each ©
j? SHIRT WAISTS. Gingham, Cheviot and Cambric, in plaid and ©
U striped effects $3, $2 50, 52 .$1 75, $1 50 and $1 25 each O
, © PIQUE SHIRT WAISTS, plaid and fancy piques, from $4 to $2 O
i ® FINE LAWN APRONS, trimmed with lace and embroidery, ranging O
j© in prices from $1 25 to 50c each ©
© MISSES' GOWNS, made of fine muslin, with trimmed yokes of fine ©
O embroidery, from $1 50 to 75c each O
O MISSES' DRAWERS, in fine muslin, made with hem and tucks, and O
Q embroidered trimmings, beginning at $1 50 and ending at 25c each Q
O . O
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
% SE. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F., i
® UNION SQUARE. ' . .®
o COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO. °
o ■ . - • ■..'...— .-.•■-. o
00000000000000000000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS.
coltlSvbiXtheater!
TO-NIGHT— SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne,
MARIE JANSEN,
In Her Latest Success,
"THE NANCY HANKS/
Built for Laughing Purposes Only. .Enjoy
Yourselves.
Next Monday— ROßEßT MANTELL In "A
SECRET WARRANT."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A Positive Ovation Last Night.
AS POPULAR AS EVER.
TRILBY !
A Complete Production.
Excellent Cast. Popular Prices.
15c, 25c and 50c. No Higher.
SPECIAL—
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
GALA PERFORMANCE.
And Positively Last Ajlg"| DA
Appearance of |\f|tLDA
Supported by the
DAMROSCH=ELLIS OPERA CO.
SATURDAY EVENING. APRIL 30.
PROGRAMME.
1. Overture, "Freischutz" .' — Orchestra-
2. Act 2 "Romeo and Juliet" (in French).
MME. MELBA as JULIET.
3. Song, "The Two Grenadiers" Mr. Rains
4. Act 3 "Rlcoletto." .
MME. MELBA as GILDA. ; ..'-W
5. Mlcaela's Aria from "Carmen" (In costume).
MLLE. TORONTA (Her First Appearance).
6. Prologue, "II Pagliaccl" Sig. Campanarl
7. Act 4 "Lucia" (mad scene) Mme. Melba
S. Act 6 "Faust."
MME. MELBA as MARGUERITE.
. ■ . . - New York Symphony Orchestra.
Seats on Sala WEDNESDAY MORNING.
April 27.
BALDWIN THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
First Production In America.
FERRIS HARTmAN
And a Complete Comedy Company Direct from
New York In the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE RURSER.
As Refreshing as an Ocean Breeze.
War Bulletins Between the Acts. -
Coming— Great _PILAR MORIN.
EXTRA— Beginning Wednesday, April 27.
Every Afternoon (Except Sunday) at 3. a Mag-
nificent Religious Production of the Famous
PASSION F'l^fW.
Reproduced by Means of Soul-Stirring Lifelike
Moving Pictures.
Seats. 2Ec; Children. 16c.
ALCAZAR seat ph™ c
THIS MONDAY. NIGHT..
First Appearance This Season.
L. R. STOCKWELL.
In tha Hot Farce Comedy.
"THE GAY PARISIANS!"
NOTE PRICES— 2. r >c, 35c. 50c. '
War Bulletins Between Acts.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
EVENING OF APRIL 26 AND 27.
MATINEES. April 29 and 30, 3 O'clock.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM,
The Child Pianist and Composer. Unparal-
leled In the Musical World.
\ Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co 'a
GOc and fl; Children, 23c.
* SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL IS9B.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME— •at
2:30 d- m.
General Admission, 10c; Children, 5c
Bathing, Including Admiislon— Adults, 25c;
Children. 20c. .
OLYMPIA I Co ' »' of Mtion «nd
. I Eddy Straots.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. .
Direct from New York, CYRENE, The Cuban
Terp3lchorean Wonder, and a great olio of
specialties. Admission free. House heated.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Extraordinary Star Engagement of the Great
American Soubrette.
LETTIE LE VYNE
As NORA DONLIN. in the Charming Irish
Comedy Drama,
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
Introducing the' New National Anthem.
"REMEMBER, BOYS. THE MAINE!"
Specially Engaged, the Young Actor,
LAWRENCE UNDERWOOD.
THE ACME QUARTET,
In Songs and Specialties.
Evening Prices 10c. 25c. 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Extraordinary Sensational New Bill.
A Most Artistic Vaudeville Triumph.
KERNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS.
Most Expensive Production of Living Pictures
Ever Attempted in America.
Also LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, RENO &
RICHARDS. TONY WILSON & CLOWN-
SMITH. O'BRIEN. BIGNORA CASTELLO
: ROBERTA & DORETTA, FISH & QUIGG, and
MONTGOMERY & STONE.
Reserved s.^ats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs anil Box Peats. BOc.
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
I Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
SECOND EDITION OF
THE GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
SHOUTS OF APPROVAL RECEIVE
"THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER,"
Finale to Act Second.
Everything new and up to date. , '
j NEXT ••WANG"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone. '
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.)
Raoing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS. 12:45 and I*ls p. m. DAILT.
Leav« Third-street ' station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th»
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
fhree minutes, direct to track without change.
Flllmore-street cars transfer each way.
. . . . S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
ALL IS EXCITEMENT
AND CAPTAIN CARDONO'S "AFRICAN
LION HUNT" and MANDOLA, the Juggling
Comedian, Are Creating a Furor.
Every Afternoon and Evening at the
CHUTES.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons .and evenings.
I when "unwell," for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. j ■ '
HBQE223E9SES
| . Recommended by the leading French
I Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
I rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurioug
I ■ drugs. ' One bottle of Apioline Capsule*
I lasts three months. < Sold by all g- ists,
| or by mail, %i. Box 3o8», N. Y. Post Office. "
78
UP WITH THE STANDARD
OF THE RED CROSS!
WA.R, once the pastime of kings, is
io\v civilization's surgical opera
tion. As the keen cut of
the scientist's knife is supplement
ed by the deft care of the trained
nurse so is the sanguinary ex
cision of the festering ulcer from the
body politic of the world tempered by
the gentle ministrations of the Angels
of Mercy wearing the red badge of
peace.
That which once spread devastation
for the personal aggrandizement of the
rulers of men has become the weapon
turned against tyranny and oppression
in behalf of humanity, and, as the hosts
of a conquering despot were followed
by hordes of human vultures intent
upon spoliation of dead and dying on
the bloody field, it is a fit antithesis that
the dove of peace, bearing aid to the
unfortunates who fall, should tread
close on the heels of the army battling
for the uplifting of man.
This is the sentiment which civiliza
tion imbues in the breasts of those who
go forth to fight the cause of, the weak,
and this is the sentiment that brought
forth the Red Cross Society and makes
its modest flag the glad harbinger of
peace and surcease from pain after the
uproar and turmoil of the crimson
field.
There are other duties than that of
bearing arms in response to a call to
defend the nation from invading foes.
Even as Joshua's hands were upheld
in times of old so must our country's
defenders have'thcir arms sustained by
those whose place is not at the front.
It is the duty of every non-combatant
to do that which lies in his or her pow
er to ameliorate the condition of those
who face not only the bullets of the
enemy but also those insidious allies of
the foe — disease and neglect.
Of the tens of thousands of broken
down men whose emaciated and crip
pled forms bear silent but eloquent tes
timony to their braver)' wherever vete
rans of the late war axe seen, not one
tenth of the number oxe their afflic
tions to the saber or bullet so much as
to the lack of care subsequent to the
battle, and thousands fill graves in the
swamps and uplands of the South who,
to-day, might be with their friends on
earth had they received proper nursing
during the days of burning fever and
wasting disease brought on by privation
and exposure.
To California belongs the honor of
organizing the Sanitary Commission,
which was such a potential agent in les- |
sening the horrors of the war of the
rebellion, and California will again
lead the nation with .her angels of
mercy even as she stands ready to lead
the hosts of war. To-day active work
will begin with this end in view, and
the ready response of the State to the j
suggestion of The Call shows that the I
Golden West is not only open-handed
in her lavish hospitality to those who
follow the sun across the snowy ranges :
to the genial shores of the Pacific, but I
when times of trial beset the nation she
is as ready to shed her last drop of
blood in its defense and spend her last
dollar toward minimizing the dangers
which surround those who give their
bodies as living shields to their coun- I
try.
All cannot lead, nor is it possible that
all can even take active interest in the
front, but all — every man, woman and
child in the State — can do something to
further the cause which has for its ulti
mate object the welfare of the country.
War is a costly operation, and all the
adjuncts pertaining to war require
money. The work of the Sanitary
Commission calls for millions of dol
lars if it is to be properly carried on,
and it is these millions that the great
mass of the people who remain behind
can furnish to those whose duty calls
them to the tented field.
MANY NATIVE SONS DEPART FOR NEVADA CITY
IF the promises made by the jolly
crowd of Native Sons who left
this city yesterday morning are to
be believed, there was a hot time
in Nevada City last night.
To-day is the date fixed for the an
nual meeting of the Grand Parlor, the
supreme legislative body of the order
of Native Sons. Delegates from local
parlors and their friends to the number
of 150 left this city by special train at
8 o'clock yesterday morning and ar
rived in Nevada City, the place of
meeting, late in the afternoon. The
party included a score or more of la
dies, the wives of delegates, who will
partake of the gayeties of the coming
week.
The obligation to combine pleasure j
with business is always religiously ob- j
served by the Native Sons. The ne
cesslty for the liberal mixing of whole- j
some enjoyment with the duty of fram- :
ing the laws for the order is, if not
a part of the ritual, at least a part of
the unwritten code of ethics that is
never violated. It is becoming that a
eon of the Golden State should have no i
Let every- Californian give from his
store that which can be spared, and
whether it l^the thousands of the mil
lionaire or the mite of the little child
i 1i 1 wii? have equal weight in the grand
total which will furnish those necessities
and nurses which will undo the deadly
work of Spanish bullets and Cuban
fevers.
Hold up the Sanitary Commission
even as the Sanitary Commission backs
up the brave boys in blue, and let the
patriotic tide set forth so strong from
the Golden West that the wave of en
thusiasm will sweep over the country,
washing out every thought except that
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from
Columbia to the Gulf — north, south.
east and west, the whole nation stands
together, shoulder to shoulder, in the
battle for human liberty against op
pression and misrule.
BERKELEY HAS
ORGANIZED.
BERKELEY, April 24.— The Berkeley
Red Cross Society was organized this
A WIDE FIELD FOR OPERATIONS
CHICAGO, April 24, IS9S.
To The Call, San Francisco: I am In full sympathy with you. I have
every confidence in the patriotism and humanity of the people of Cali
fornia and success is already assured the Red Cross Society which your
citizens will organize to-murrww. At noon on Monday citizens of Penn
sylvania, New Jersey and Illinois will meet to organize a national relief
society in the spirit of the Christian Commission of '61. There will be
a wide field for your operations and there wiil be much for you to do.
You cannot organize too early, and you must be prepared for many
emergencies. We must and shall save our soldiers from the awful suffer
ings that made the late civil war so terrible. God speed The Call and
the noble citizens of your State. b. F. JACOBS
afternoon with much enthusiasm at the
P'irst Congregational Church, and before
the meeting, which was presided over by
Rev. George E. Swan of St. Mark's Epis
copal Church, had adjourned HI members
had signed the roll. The new society,
which will co-operate with the general
Red Cross Society, has, as has already
been stated, for its main objects, to pre
pare surgical dressing and bandages, to
aid the wounded and to keep a record of
the sick and wounded.
The following officers of the eociety
were elected:
President. Mr«. Charles R, Greenleaf; first
vice president. Martin Kellogg, president of the
University of California: seoond vice presi
dent. Rev. George E. Swan; third vice presi
dent, Harry Hlllarrl; secretary, Mrp. George
Stratton; treasurer. Whitney Palache.
The following individuals signed the roll
of the society:
Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Osmont, Colons and
Mrs. C. R. Greenleaf, Mr. and Mrs. c. M
chase Mr. and Mrs. Howard Wright Mr and
Mrs Harry Hiilard. Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day,
Mr. and Mrs. Qeonre B. Hutch. Mr and Mrs
A. A. Pennoyer, Mr. and Mrs B. S. H.idge
head. Rev. George E. Swan. E. Goodrich, E.
D. Keith. W. Wilkinson. R. Mcfullough .1
GrayJon. Professor P. V. Paget. Professor 11.
care that cannot be lightened with a
smile.
Among the departing delegates were
many who are familiar figures. For ex
ample there was Grand Treasurer
Henry Martin. Every school boy in
the State knows Henry Martin and
knows that his popularity and great
good nature is only exceeded by his
weight. It is said that some of his
friends recently proposed that he take
command of a company of volunteers
to fight the Spaniards in Cuba. Martin
quietly but firmly refused, and when
pressed for his reasons gravely re
marked :
"A commander should be a level
headed man. I would never do because
I could not keep cool — in Cuba."
Of course that settled it. There is no
use to argue with a man who will joke
about so grave a matter as war. How
ever, this will not prevent his loving
friends from re-electing him to the of
fice of Grand Treasurer without opposi
tion.
Bob Martland, the popular manager
of the Native Sons' Hall, was a con
spicuous member of the throng. A
Grand Parlor without Martland would
be like a wagon without wheels. The
thing would drag. The annals of the
order contain only one instance when
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, 31ONL>AY, JU^KIL 25, 189 S.
I. Randall, E. E. Bigrelow; Mesdames M. M.
Hardy. S. D. Hall. B. H. Rodgers. M. C.
Hackley, M. E. Higelow, F. H. Lamb, E. B.
Lamare. J. Earle, J. K. Newton. A. H. Hob
son, F. Morse, M. C. Stasey, Douglas K>ilh.
B Hiinps, Carrie B. Lawson, J. Plehn, H. M.
Clayey J. H. Bonle. S. Reed. F. Wilson, M.
Bullions, E. V. Hathaway, M. E. Graydon,
S. Cule, A. Smith. G. Chick, W. S. Kellogg.
F. L. Cleaves, J. L. Williams. A. E. Crusoe,
J. Whitney, R. Chandler, M. Goodrich. J. Mar
tyn. E. H. Davenport, J. H. Ef.rlman, E.
Shepherd, H. C. Huse, R. Lansing;. J. L. N.
Shepherd. S. Christy, J. IX Thomas. A. T.
Green. T. Rlckard, A. Smoot, M. Palmer, F.
V. Paget. J. K. Stewart, C. Wilkinson, P. R.
Boone, F. Slate, G. H. Howlson, E. A. H.
De Wolfe, J. Crawford, A. Blake, J. IS. Bun
nell. F. W. Wilkinson, R. W. .Nutting, J.
Henderson, G. M. Ptratton, Dr. E. Cum
minKs. W. S. Wattles; Misses M. J. Gilbert,
J. U Gilbert. V Broad, M. G. Richardson,
L. Mills. M. Morrison, H. Cha;», L. Chase, J.
M. Newton, A. King:, C. Ellerhorst, D. Eller
horst, Juliet Garber, E. V. Carlin. Mary B.
Uitter. G L. Barker, B. L. McKee, E, M.
Smith, M. Touchard, S. Morse. A. M. Rogers,
E. Greenleaf. M. l'alache. O. C. Brlggs, M.
Smoot, C. Williams, A. Ransom, M. Bridges.
E. Crawford, U McCulloukli, B. B. Seabury,
M. Erwin, M. D. Kellogg. P. Smoot, C. Bunnell,
M. Reed, F. M. McLean, M. Wilkinson, M. B.
Oaves. S. Quinan, R. Qulnan, l«\ Green ana
Margaret Wilkinson.
Colonel Greenllef, by request, pave
some interesting and valuable unofficial
advice to the members of the new society
gathered from hia varied experiences in
the civil war. The colonel advised that
the society deal only with authorized
agents of the Government in order that
funds and supplies collected for the front
reach their destination. It was said after
the civil war that $1 toward the end of
the campaign did the work of $5 at the
, beginning beoause of the lack of proper
! organization. Tho routine of demand for
service of the kind that could be ren
dered by such a society as the Berkeley
branch would be, first, a request from the
surgoon-general to the Government for
supplies or service, and then, in case of
a temporary governmental shortage a de
mand would be made, most possibly
through Miss Barton, for the help of such
volunteer associations as the auxiliary
Red Cross Societies. The colonel advised
! the formation of committees for the un
i dertaking of specified lines of work as
; first, aid to the wounded, the making or
surgical dressings, the making of litters
etc., and keeping tho records of sick
wounded and dead, which latter, if it had
been effectively looked after during the
civil war \v( uld have saved an immense
amount of trouble in after years Then
a committee of finance is necessary for
often the appropriation for some specified
need of tho army will fall short during
war. and then is the time when effectual
help can be rendered by these patriotic
associations. The Bpeaker was sure that
the Berkeley physicians would be only
too glad to place themselves at the ser
vice of the members of the society, in the
he failed to appreciate a good joke It
was soon after his appointment to his
present position. This was just prior
to the session of the Grand Parlor held
two years ago at San Luis Obispo. As
a matter of business Martland had
some cards printed, across the center
of which there appeared in bold type
the words "Manager, N. S. G. W. Hall "
! His own name appeared in smaller type
in one «orner of the bit of cardboard.
Prior to his departure for San Luis
Obispo he telegraphed ahead to the Ho
tel Ramona to have apartments re
served for him. When he arrived at
the hotel he handed his card to the I
clerk and asked to be shown to his I
mom immediately. The clerk glanced ;
at the card and then at Martland, and
said:
"I am very sorry, Mr. Hall, but the
house is full and you will have to go
elsewhere for accommodations."
When the full significance of the sit
uation dawned on Martland he said not
a word, but beckoned to the circle of I
grinning friends and disappeared in the I
direction of the refreshment counter.
Ex-Milk Inspector Dockery, who is !
| one of the funmakers of the order, was
j a conspicuous figure in the crowd of j
Natives assembled at the ferry. He is
authority for the statement that there
will bo something doing when he and I
Ben Davis reach Nevada City. Davis' i
specialty is the preparation of little
surprises for candidates for initiation
Into the mystic rites of th-> side degree
of Argonauts. The friendly rivalry be- j
tween the Argonauts and the Curly
Bears is well known, a condition that
has led Davis to devise some new and
wholly entertaining (to the spectators)
features of the initiation of this year's
crop of candidates.
Mayor Phelan, who is a delegate from
Pacific Parlor >,o. 10, was among the ;
departing Natives. There was also i
Fred Lees, who enjoys the reputation of
always being able to participate in a ;
standing vote during the sessions of the
Grand Parlor. Joseph E. O'Donnell and
Judge Frank Kerrigan, who won fame
at Redwood Cltv last year by getting
lost and spending the whole of one 1
night in following the changing current j
in a tide slough, were on hand, each
having promised not to venture outside
the corporation limits at Nevada City, j
Kerrigan confided to several intimate
friends that he had been misrepre- !
sented in the tide slo.ugh Incident, a ,
fact which he attributes to the Invent
ive imagination of H. R. McNoble of
Stockton who is familiarly known j
among his brothers In the order as |
Judge Slough.
Another noticeable figure in the
crowd was that of Henry Lichtenstein
of Alcatraz Parlor No. 145, who enjoys
the reputation of being the Adonis of
the local delegation. There were also
many others whose faces have been
seen at every gathering of Grand Par
lor delegates during the past half
dozen years, and who are known to al
most every member of the order in the
State. It was as jolly a crowd as one
would wish to see and they may be ex
pected to give a good account of them
selves during the five days' session of
the Grand Parlor. Ample provision
had been made for their creature com
fort during the trip by rail, a circum
stance that did not add to the gayety
of the envious but admiring friends
who gathered at the ferry to bid them
farewell and good luck.
The names of the Grand Parlor offi
cials and delegates who left for Ne
vada City yesterday follow:
M. A. Dorn, John T. Greany, Frank
H. Dunne, Henry C. Gesford, George
D. Clark, Henry Lunstedt, Henry S.
Martin, Joseph K. Hawkins, Lewis F.
Bylngton, Joseph F. Coffey, W. D.
Shea, James P. Dockery, J. J. Jamison,
Leon Dennery, Harry Lachman,
Charles A. Boldermann, James D. Phe
matter of giving such practical informa
tion as lies within their province.
THE SPIRIT OF WAR.
Rev. F. S. Ward Depre
cates War and Tells of
Its Horrors.
At the First Christian Church last even
ing Rev. F. S. Ford spoke on the "Spirit
of War." War la all its horrors and ter
rifying incidents was pictured to the
imagination .and was deprecated as
an arbiter of international difficulties.
"Peace is the greatest blessing of na-
TO REPAIR THE DISASTER.
The Red Cross an Aid to the Resources of the
Hospital Copds.
About the only Immediate moans of repairing some of the disastrous
havoc wrought with the human anatomy during actual warfare are
through the medium of Red Cross societies or similar organizations. In
the formation and operation of such a humane institution as that you
are now establishing you have the hearty co-operation of all the sur
geons of the sanitary corps of the National Guard. Under the folds of
Red Cross banners sickness and wounds of friend and foe alike will re
ceive attention, and It is to the credit of humanity that whole-souled
philanthropists are placing at our disposal the means for allaying suffer
ing on the field of battle. • q_ p HANSON,
Lieutenant Colonel and Surgeon, Second Brigade, N. G. C.
WANT CALIFORNIA'S CO-OPERATION.
WEST P HILADELPHIA. Pa., April 24, 1898.
To The Call, San Francisco, Cal.: The representatives of three States
will meet to-morrow to organize a national relief association. It will be
on the general plan of the Christian Commission, which was organized
during the civil war. Its object will be to assist the Government in car
ing for the sick and wounded on the battle-field and for the support and
care of the needy families of those who took up the musket at the coun
try's call and went to the front to battle for their homes and for tbe
cause of humanity. California and The Call are doing a noble work in hur
rying the organization of a red cross so«iety. We would like Califor
nia's co-operation. HENRY C. McCOOK.
tions," said Rev. Mr. Ford, "and should
be maintained at any cost. Civilization
teaches us how to arbitrate without the :
necessity of grim and bloody war, and •
we should follow such teachings."
NO WALK-OVER
FOR AMERICA
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 24.
Prayers were offered in most of the
churches to-day for the success of the
nation's army and navy and the safety of
the homes on the coast and the early re
turn of peace. Rev. V. Marshall Law of
the Church of the Advent to-night spoke
on the theme of "Wars and Rumors of
War." During the delivery of his dis
course he said:
From the words of Christ which I have ex
plained to you you can ccc that his ; rophecy
lan, Leonard Stone, S. V. Costello, D.
A. Ryan, David Wilson, Joseph J. Har
rington, D. A. Huntemann, Frank H.
Mills, W. P. Humphreys Jr., J. A.
Black, J. Frank Marini, Louis P. Pow
elson, Charles R. Heverin, L. B. Meyer,
W. J. Hawkins, John G. Joly, John F.
Finn, George H. S. Dryden, L. K. Ha
genkamp, Frank H. Kerrigan, D. C.
Martin, Edward L. Head, C. D. Steiger,
Fred W. Lees, Joseph E. O'Donnell,
Eugene W. Levy, Raul Magner, Finlay
Cook, James B. Keenan, W. S. Grattan
D. E. Murden. F. P. Wehe, P. V. Long
I. Harris, George E. Gallagher, R. P.
Doolan, James L. Gallagher, Henry
Lichtenstein, Louis Nonnemann, Ed
ward J. Taffe, R. D. Barton, Robert
W. Martland, S. A. White, William C
Miller, James M. Hanley, A. J. Mocker
Harry I. Mulcrevy, William Barton
and William Attridge.
NEVADA CITY, April 24.-The cltv was
in gala attire to-day in honor of the Na
tive Sons who are here to attend the an
nual session of the Grand Parlor Every
street, business block and residence In the
city is gay with flags and bunting, and
at freaaent intervals the streets are
spanned with arches, decorated with ap
propriate emblems worked in Incandes
cent light bulbs. Besides these illumin
ated arches, festoons of vari-colored
lights swing from pole to pole along the
Crf the last clays preparatory to the end of the
world and the coming, of the Son of God are
possibly drawing very near, for we have had,
and are now havins, "wars and rumors nf
wars," "famines." "earthquakes," "nation
rising against nation," "pestilences.", "public
Iniquity," causing the love of many to grow
cold, and the gospel has now been preached
to all nations. Truly the second coming; •
Christ appears to be rushing onward in exact
accord with this prophecy. It may not r.o.'nrV|
while you live, for we cannot read God's cal
endar accurately, but that It draweth nigh
cannot be questioned by any who read the
prophecies as the very oracles of the most
high, as all true Christiana must and do.
Hut of the actual presence of war In which
we are unhappily involved I would (imp a
sober word of caution. Fancy not that the
United States with its fifty warships is goinj
to win an easy victory- over Spain with her 150
war vessels actually in commission. Fifty war
vessels cannot fizht the battles of starving
Cuba and guard the whole Atlantic seaboard
as well as the Pacific. On the chessboard of
war one United States Ironclad cannot watch
three Spanish ironclads and set the oppressed
Cubans free into the bargain without the help
of the God of battles. True we are waging a
war of humanity, and it is right that we
should.
\\ p cannot claim to be Christian and longer
sit Buplnely by while Spain causes more
deaths in Cuba by starvation than occurred in
cur whole Civil War on both sides. But tem
per your huzzahs with prayers to the- king of
heaven. Hunting should fly whenever our armu
score a victory, but remember that it may
wave in a languid breeze at half-mast before
we ;ire through with this business, for the
prince of the powers of darkness is no mean
foe, and, while our cause is just, the hell of
devilish hate Is full of fire and somebody la
sure to be dreadfully burned In attempting to
quench glowing brimstone. It is the business
of an enemy to deceive. Telegraphic reports
may be bulletined and published In good faith
by th.> newspapers, but while they proclaim
that the fleet in the Philippines still rides at
anchor on the coast of Asia the astute enemy
which sent them out may be steaming toward
Pan Francisco. While you read of Spanish
fleets on the other side of the globe as you sip
your morning coffee In fancied security the
shells fmm that same fleet may begin to rip
up the sod in your own dooryards. We shall
■win, but let us shout quietly at first.
principal business streets and from the
fronts of some of the more pretentious
buildings.
At 6 o'clock this afternoon a special
train bearing tho Grand Parlor officers
and the delegates from San Francisco,
Los Angeles', Stockton, Sacramento and
all intermediate points north and south,
arrived and was greeted with the firing
of cannon and the blare of brass bands.
The delegates and their friends, to the
number of several hundred, were under
escort of a reception committee from, the
local parlor, which met the visitors at
Colfax, the junction of the narrow gauge
road with the Central Pacific line. Upon
the arrival of tho train in this city, the
visitors were greeted by all of the local
Native Sons and by the local company
of the National Guard and some thou
sands of citizens. The delegates, upon
leaving the train, formed in line and were
escorted in a sort of triumphal proces
sion through tho principal streets and to
their respective hotels and headquarters.
This evening an open air band concert
was given for the entertainment of the
visiting: Native Sons. The opening ses
sion of the Grand Parlor will be held
at 9:30 o'clock to-morrow morning. It
will be brief, the balance of the day be
ing reserved for the amusement of the
city's guests. In the evening there will
be a grand promenade reception and a
dance at the Armory, and a formal pres
entation to the grand president of the
keys of the city.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND SETS A
NEW PRECEDENT
Competition in. Utilities
May or May Not
Be Good.
"all for Volunteers Will Not
Cause a Dearth of
Candidates.
No Great Progress Can Be Made
Till the Water Front Case
Is Settled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 24.
Onklnnd is now studying: a little prob
lem and is not in a hurry to reach a con
clusion. While it is generally realized
the world over that competition, espe
cially in the matter of supplying those
things often referred to as public utili
ties. Is desirable, this city seems to have
proved the contrary. This is not sur
prising, because Oakland generally has a
way of her own of doing everything, and
In this respect undoubtedly possesses
more individuality than any other city in
the country.
In the rr^pent instance Oakland is
thoughtfully reviewing the possibility of
competition in the supply of her lighting
system in the light of her experience
with water companies. Four years ago
everybody rejoiced at the prospect of be
ing released from the monopoly of The Co
ntra Costa Water Company. Mass meetings
■were held, bands played, all kinds of re
joicing were manifested, and had a throne
of gold been available at that time Mr.
"William J. Dingee would have been car
ried Into it on the shoulders of the popu
lace. Time passed on, and the history of
water companies since that time is known
1. Fur a while water was cheap,
thru it was cheaper, for a short time it
almost given away; and then uime
table. The enemies combined,
the Council was persuaded it was its
\ extortionate water rates, and
- ect now is that water-users will
than enough the next liscal
to m;ik> up to the late rival com
b ali they have lost iv their leglti
sea as well as in politics.
Sow then :> a prospect of another gas
nterfng the Held. It is starting
: the same principle as that
■■ water company. An endeavor
. to secure contracts to sup
:u;iit at a lower ligure than is now
i- :r,g charted. The new venture has
: it yet made any investments nor will
!; do so until sufficient inducement is of
■\\ nether it will ever materialize
or not is, however, not the most impor
feature of the problem. The old
company, which baa it ;>.<.. i ■
: that it does not want a fight
It has shown this desire
to avoid competition for many years and
has been gratified. It has on more than
one occasion, in fact on many, met the
nds of the people half way, and in
.though a corporation and
a monopoly, it cannot be said to be un
popular. There is on the part of the peo
feeltng of satisfaction that the rield
on thii the bay is sufficiently In- |
viting to attract a rival company, and
there is a general idea that the best pur- j
mmunlty will be subserved
g the competition between the
one hand, using the willingness
of capital to come here as their lever, and
mi any 'on the other hand,
rather than have two companies com
with power to keep out other capi
rrayed against the people with prac
no defense on their side. This po
. is not without much to recommend
it and is somewhat unique when com
pared with the general opinions regarding
. impetition. •
Hut Oakland has a happy knack of dis
regarding precedent.
Jf the present war should be the means
of transporting from this county a mod
erately sized regiment of office-seekers
and of keeping them away until after
next November there are many ordinary
citizens who would have no regrets.
Neither should this be a difficult matter,
the expressions of patriotism coming
from those willing to sacrifice themselves
for the public service are sincere. Nearly
one of them now considers It neces
eary to wear a little flap on his lapel, and
ever he meets a knot of voters to
aa the most fulsome love for his
■ and regard for her in the hour
■ peril. Such sentiments are to be
.- adzdired, but if those uttering
were to patronize the recruiting of
• the volunteer station Instead ol tae
I where votes may be influenced the
t for them would be no less than
bresi •;. With the cape which tne
: alian ballot system makes it pos
for Independent candidates to get on
allot, there is a prospect that the
dates' li*t in this county next No
r will be as long as the roster of
the largest company of National Guards
within the Stale.
There is aparently no possibility that
the number of volunteers among offlce
p»eking politicians who will rally to the
c of their country will cause a
dearth of candidates for county offices.
Once again Oakland's attention is called
to her water front. After forty-five years
of a contest, the whole matter seems as
Intricate as ever, and is far from a solu
tion. In the meantime, Oaklanders are
forever asking why their city does not
grow faster. Who ever heard of a city
with a magnificent water front expecting
to grow normally until its harbor is de
veloped? Considering the opposition to
Oakland's progress since the town incor
porated in 1552, its development, remem
bering its nearness to San Francisco, has
been remarkable. The city of to-day,
however. Is but a sample of what It would
have been had this great question been
settled twenty years ago. If the popula
tion on this side of the bay is to increase
(as some believe) until it exceeds that of
Ban Francisco, it will only be done by the
establishment of manufactories. Such
places can only be built on the water
front, and will never be built until the In
vest •■its can be guaranteed immunity from
attacks on their title.
Surely this little argument Is enough to
convince any skeptic of what is the para
mount duty of Oakland.
The School Board has a pleasant task
on its hands. It has $15,000 to spare and to
spend, and it is almost at a loss how to
g<n rid of it. Some time ago the School
Board acquired Ji.'.ooo for the purpose of
purchasing a lot and removing the Tomp
kins School to a more northern locality.
The city Council, after hearing argument,
decided not to permit the removal of the
school; consequently there Is a nice little
cum lyinj; Idle. Several propositions have
already been advanced as to how to spend
the money, but it would seem to any one
on the outside tliat the question has been
already answered. When Superintendent
McClymonds appeared before the board
to advocate the removal of the Tompklns
ij be -stated that It is absolutely
sary to have more school accommo
: s .somewhere in the neighborhood of
. und Tenth streets. Mr Krosnahan
l that for less than $15,000 a small
bi I 00l that would relieve the pressure in
that district could easily be built, and
&Wiarently this is the logical use to which
the money should be put.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 24.— The police were
notified to-day that two horses were
Btolen last night from Newth's dairy, on
the county road near the Lockwood
eohool houne.
The new bell on St. Joseph's Church was
used for the first time to-day. It is of
very fine tone and gives general satis
faction.
Miss Fernand M. Romer of this city and
George M. de Latour of San Francisco
* r er«» married at noon to-day in that city
BERKELEY EDITOR NOW A BENEDICT,
C C Emslie and His Bride, Formerly Miss Pruelia
H, Moran of Lorin,
BERKELEY, April 24.— Editor C. C. Emslie of the Berkeley Gazette and Miss
Pruelia H. Moran, sister of Postmaster W. C. Moran of Lorin, were quietly
Joined in marriage at high noon to-day at the residence of the bride's brother in
Lorin. The fact of the engagement of the young people has been kept Quite a
secret, and the announcement of their marriage will doubtless cause quite a sur
prise among the large circle of friends of the contractinc parties in the uni
versity town and its environs.
The groom has for five years past been engaged In newspaper work in the
college town, and enjoys a wide popularity in journalistic circles in Alameda
County. The bride 13 charming and talented, and is held in high esteem by a
host of friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Emslie left this evening for Santa Cruz, where they will spend
their honeymoon. Upon their return they will reside in Lorin.
PEACE, WAR,
RIGHTEOUSNESS
Rev. R. F. Coyle Declares
the "War Just and
g Holy.
Good for America, Good for
Cuba, Good for the
World.
Coras Sickness, Devastation and Fi
nancial Loss, Old Glory
Will Win. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 24.
Rev. R. F. Coyle of the First Presby
terian Church spoke to-night on "Peace,
War and Righteousness," taking for his
text "The work of righteousness shall be
peace, and the effect of righteousness
quietness and assurance forever." After
referring to our moving army and navy
and the spirit of war that pervades every
one he said:
Now all this Is worth thinking about in con
nection with our present difficulty with Spain.
It may paralyze trade, it may cost a vast
deal or treasure, and the life of many a gal
t lant soldier and carry sorrow and heartache
: Into many a home. It may mean destruction
, on sea and devastation on land, and produce
consequences that will be felt around the
; world. Now that the start has been made no
; one is wise enough to tell where it will end.
It may be short or it may be long. It may
: be local or it may spread along all our
coasts. But however far it reaches and how
ever dreadful it may be, the outcome of it will
be good— good for America, good for Cuba,
good for the world.
; And particularly so, because the United
States draw.s the sword, not for purposes of
conquest, not for territorial extension, not for
commercial advantage, but in the name and for
the sake of humanity. Our neighbor* are in
trouble. They are suffering and starving and
dying. They have been robbed and plundered
and oppressed until their groans and appeals
nave sounded across this broad land and
aroused its sympathy and kindled Its Indig
nation: and through its Congress and Presi
dent the people have said to Spain: "Stop 1 .
Hands off. Get out: In the name of hu
manity you shall no more crush and con
' tume these brave islanders! By your treach
, erous and infamous mlsgovernment you have
forfeited the right to fly your dishonored flag
i over Cuban soil any lunger. Begone, and leave
these people free and independent!" Uncle
Sam was a good while saying it— too long, per
haps—but he said it at last with an emphasis
that made tyranny tremble, and now he Is
backing It up with the solemn and 'mmortaf
declaration with his soldiers and battleships.
To my mind there is something grand and
sublime about It. In all history so far as I
can recall. It stands alone. The principle be
\ hind this struggle on the part of the Unite*
States partakes of the lofty altruism of the
Gospel of Jesus Christ. We are going to war
for the welfare or the other man. We are
playing the good Samaritan. We are bind
ing up the wounds which Spain nan made. We
, are spending millions of money and giving
■ tens of thousands of soldiers to die if need
i be, to liberate a poor, ignorant, impoverished
I race, whr.se help we do not need and whose
: Independence will probably do nothing to en
rich us. Our purpose is purely unselfish. All
we propose to do Is to emancipate Cuba and
compel the Spanish Pharoah to let her peo
; pie go. It Is a noble misßlon and can no
more fail than the purposes of God can fan.
It Is a cause worthy of the flag which Wash
ington carried and Lincoln defended and
hundreds of thousands of heroic men died to
keep In the sky. As it goes into the battle,
on land or on sea. It will go at the head of
soldiers who fight for Justice, for liberty for
humanity, for God. And as it comes out of
the battle it will come out victorious, as It
always has in tha past, and be more than ever
"Old Glory- It will be one on which heaven
can smile In benediction. This uprising is holy.
Our cause Is righteous, and the fruit of right
eousness is peace. Beyond this struggle and
because of it. on the open gates of the twen
tieth century, the eyes of the worM will read
the great lesson enforced by the United States. I
that tyranny must stop, and that the poorest |
and weakest and most Insignificant of men
have a right to be Justly and humanely gov
erned.
Opening of Oakland Park.
OAKLAND, April 24— Oakland Park
was formally opened to-day by the Oak
land Transit Company, and each succeed
ing Sunday there will be a first-class en
tertainment presented for Its patrons.
This is the old Blair Park, which has
been fitted up. Thousands visited the
place to-day, and besides listening to
Ritzau's Orchestra and witnessing Pro
fessor Leopoldi in his perilous and dar
ing performance with wild leopards,
roamed over the hills.
KING SOLOMON'S CHAPTER.
The members of King Solomon Chapter
No. 157. O. E. S., will entertain their
friends in Franklin Hall with a social
on the evening of Friday next. Dancing
will commence at 9 o'clock.
THE SAN FEAXCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, IS9S.
FATAL FALL OF
A YOUNG GIRL
Ellen Smith Picked Up
Dying in a Back
Yard.
No One Saw the Accident,
but a Neighbor Heard
the Fall.
Only a Month Ago the Mother Was
Claimed by Death, at San
Hafael.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 24.
Ellen Smith, a young miss of 14 Rum
mers, fell down a back stairs this morn
ing at 1668 Williams street and died in
twenty-five minutes.
No one saw the accident, but Mrs. Dris
coll, the next-door neighbor, heard the
child stn.ve the ground and was the first
one to reach her. She was unconscious
and never recovered sufficiently to speak.
The Smiths only recently came to this
city from San Rafael, where the wife
and mother was buried about a month
ago. The father was left with the daugh
ter and a 10-year-old Bon.
Mr. Smith was occupied in placing some
carpet in the house when Mrs. Driscoll
notified him of the terrible accident. The
child was carried Into the basement and
Dr. J. Maher summoned. He reached
the sufferer about fifteen minutes after
the accident and found that circulation
had stopped. She was removed to the
house and placed in bed.
Restoratives and stimulants were ad
ministered, but without avail. The child
opened her eyes once and tried to speak,
but made no sound. In ten minutes after
the doctor arrived she was dead. Dr.
Maher made an examination, but a mark
on the nose was the only sign of the ac
cident. He pronounced her death due to
the failure of her heart to withstand the
shock. He said Internal injuries might be
found upon a post-mortem examination.
The Coroner will hold an inquest.
AT THE BIFLE RANGE.
Match Between Companies Q and F
of the Fifth Regiment.
ALAMEDA. April 24.— The fourth match
between fifteen men of Company G of this
city and Company F of Oakland, both of
the Fifth Regiment, was held at the High
street rifle range this morning and was
won by the team from Company F. The
three previous matches were won by
Company G's team. The scores were as
follows:
Company F— Wenk 39. Leonard 34, Sears
42. Nlckerson 9, Parsons 39, Darling 36,
Da.de 89, Blakeney 18, Bennett 87, Preston
40. Swanson 34, Hanson 30, Petersen 35
Covalt 43, Cobbledick 41—531.
Company G— Wlttich 41. Born 33. Masten
38. Huff 36. Meyer 26, Helmstetn 39. Simp
son 39, Stelnmetz 33, Weeks 40, "Wessel 32
McDonnell 37, Canning 37. Ribero 34,
Lange 18, Cardes 32—517.
President Jordan Lectures.
BERKELEY. April 24.— President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University de
livered an address this evening at Stiles
Fall to a large- and appreciative audi
ence oi) "The Quest for Unearned Happi
ness." He decried the strong tendency
to make the building up of manhood sub
servient to the pursuit of riches and
power. The lecture was the concluding
one of a series of five Sunday evening
lectures by members of the Berkeley and
Stanford faculties, given under the aus
pices of the Berkeley Unitarian Society.
THE POLICE
IN CHURCH
Rev. Mr. Davis Creates a
Lively Scene in
Church.
Attempts to Interrupt the
Pastor, but Is Soon
Quieted.
The Sight ol a Police Sergeant Causes
Mrs. Davis to Go Into a
Swoon.
OAKLAND. April 24,-Sergeant Peter
son of the police department was called
upon during the opening exercises of the
Central Christian Church to-night to put
out the Rev. Edwards Davis, the former
pastor, for ra.ising a disturbance. Mrs.
Davis fainted and a genuine sensation
followed. As soon as his wife recovered
sufficiently, Mr. Davis, his father, moth
er, wife and a half-dozen of his support
ers withdrew.
The Christian Church has arranged for
a trial of the charges of the retired pas
tor by representatives of the First Church
in this city, two churches in San Fran
cisco and the Alameda and Berkeley
churches. The meetings are to begin to
morrow night, and would have been kept
quiet but for Mr. Davis' actions. This
evening early he demanded of Mr. Saw
yer that a public announcement should
be made from the pulpit before the
church officers. If it were not, he de
clared that he would make it himself.
Mr. Sawyer said he would do nothing of
the kind, that he was paid to run the
meeting and it would be run without In
terruption, and if Mr. Davis attempted to
speak he would have him put out. Mr. !
Davis replied that there should be six i
good strong, men to do the ejecting.
Just before the service Mr. Sawyer
asked his deacons whether he should
make the announcement of the coming '
trial. They agreed that he should, stat- I
ing that Mr. Davis had asked that it be
aA&ounced. When the regular announce- I
ments were made this was included as j
a request from Mr. Davis. The song was
fiven out, and as the pastor sat down
ir. Davis arose and attempted to deny
that he had asked for a trial. Mr. Saw
yer insisted -that he should not be heard,
but Mr. Davis tried to talk at the same
time. Sergeant Peterson, who sat in the
audience aa a precaution against trouble,
stepped forward at this exciting time and
introduced himself. Mrs. Davis fainted,
and the evangelist saw that he was out- 1
wilted. He turned his attention to his
wife, instead of the pastor, and with help '
soon had her out of the hall. When seen
on the street, just as he came from the
meeting, Mr. Davis said:
"I never saw anything so outrageous in
my life. When 1 attempted to defend my- |
self they called in s<n officer. Of course, I j
could do nothing, for I was disturbing a ■
religious service, and he would have i
taken me out if I had kept on. A week
ago I returned to Oakland after two
months' evangelistic engagement to de
mand specific statement of the ambiguous
charges through the mouthpiece of Mr
Sawyer. The week passed, and Saturday
night I received word from said party
that an investigation might be had. The
officers w<_-re not consulted in the matter
until later. But meanwhile the preacher
detective had arranged with an enemy to
select my juilpes.
"This morning I received a letter from
a ,ady member, asking me to take no
action to-day aa the investigation should
be averted, while she at the same time
was visiting the parties to be invited. I
would not tru^the character of my own
holy mother in the hands of some she
had selected. I hereby publicly state that
I am willing to stand examination before
the elders of the Central Christian
Church, and to abide the action of the
congregation If public announcement is
made with that in view, but I am not go
ing to be Investigated by a committee ap
pointed by a set of enemies, and be
judged by a general assembly to which
Mr. Sawyer has sent out the investiga
tions. So many of the members of the
church have become disgusted with the
star-chamber council, that I would not
be surprised to have it proved that I had
horns and hoofs. The elders of the
church have not been present for weeks,
Deacons Magill, Griffith, Tate and Mc-
Arthur have all resigned. I will not fight
with a fragment. It may investigate.
But it will not investigate me until such
a committee shall be arranged by the
church and its officers in a proper way."
The investigation will commence Mon
day night behind closed doors.
ON THE ESTUARY.
Opening Day of the Alameda loat
ing Clvb — Some Interesting
Events.
ALAMEDA, April 24.— T0-day was the
opening day of the season of the Ala
meda Boating Club. The principal event
was the launching of the new barge of
the club. It was christened the Ethel
Maas, and the young lady after whom
it was named performed the appropriate
ceremony.
There were four outrigger skiff races
over the regular club course of one and
one-half miles as follows: J. W. Brown
and C. 11. Knowles, won by Brown In
14:58, beating his opponent by l\% minutes.
H. W. Lubboek and E. M. Hunter came
next. Hunter winning In 14 minutes.
A. Webb and John Lewis then tried con
clusions, the latter winning in 12;30.
The first three were between members
of the junior class. Then followed a
match between J. C. Stamer and C. G.
Ay res of the senior class, which was won
by Ayres In 13:07.
At the conclusion of the events a barge
race between the Junior ajid senior crews
was won by the junior crew In 12 min
utes, after a very exciting contest
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. April 24.— Th« University
of California rifle team scored 416 out of a
possible 800 points in the intercollegiate
rifle match yesterday. The competition
v.i\l include over a dozen other Ameri
can colleges. The individual scores made
yesterday were: Dow, 44, McGuire 43,
Fairchfld 43. Bender 43, Beville 43, Pearce
42, McGregor 40, Castelhun 40, Vanderbilt
40, Julien 38.
The annual "Bourdon Burial" by the
members of the freshman class will take
pifice to-morrow evening on the univer
sity campus. The members of the class
cl 1901 have made preparations to make
up for the absence of rushing as a part
of the programme by making the celebra
tion more gorgeous and spectacular than
it has been on previous occasions.
The Associated Women Students of the
university will to-day elect a president
for the coming year to succeed Miss
Marion C. "Whipple. The candidates are
Miss Cornelia McKinne, Miss Lola Simp
son and Miss Clotilde Grunsky, all mem
bers of the class of '99.
Old glass bottles, which are more or
less useless, are now ground up and
employed as a substitute for sand in
the preparation of mortar.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. IS9S.
We Th.
s 7
IS 14
2U 21
IT 28
8
15
2!
2
©i'ull Moon.
Va/JK April 6.
/rrlAßt Quarter
*& April 13. '
jttv ■ Moon,
\yjf •:'■■•. April 20.
j^k First Quarter,
Moon's Phases.
18
23
■A)
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch n<" thp United Btatm Hvilropraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francltco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be ODiained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
: graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and la dropped at noon, 120 th meridian.
i by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is
; published the Jume day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning papers the follow
ing day W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. X.. in charge.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. Xtie top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
•mount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the . ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear en the Washington -oast. When
the pressure Is hlch In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
nnd south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "hlph" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Rummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce aa
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
flJOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
RAN FRANCISCO, April 24, 6 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.17 48.73
Red Kluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.57 17.26
San Francisco 0 7.75 22. G0
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
Pan Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeies 0 6.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4. 1S 11. «4
Yuma 0 1.66 5.35
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum. 50: means, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The area of high pressure which was central
last night over the extreme northwestern por
tion of the country has moved rapidly east
ward and Is central to-night over the upper
Missouri Valley. The pressure is beginning to
fall rapidly over the northern half of the Pa
cific Coast. .
Unusually warm weather has prevailed over
the entire country west of the Rocky Mount
ains except on the immediate coast. Tha
temperatures in the great valleys of California
are from 20 to 25 degrees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francl3co for 30 hours,
endlnjj midnight, April 25. 1S98: -- ■•>.•■
Northern California— Fair Monday, with fog
on the coast; southerly winds Inland: fresh
westerly winds on the coast; cooler In the
interior. .
Southern California— FaJr Monday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
t'tah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh westerly wind. ■
Special from Mount Tamalpais— wind
west, 24 miles; temperature. 73. maximum tem
perature, 80. ALEXANDER McADIE.
1-ocal Forecast Official.
STEAMEKS TO AKIUVEJ.
STF.AMKK.
Ihllkat
amoa
lan Mateo
'roereao .
Ireseent City..
Jrepon
:oo» Cay
>alandla
['itanla..
Vnshtenaw
illct'Bl.incliard
ViHamette. ...
Ve«ott
mini uoiiii
Southern Coast
Tacoma ,-.
Seattle
Crescent CIW
Portland j
Newpor;
I Honolulu
i Nanaimo
'Tacoma. .r.T.v:
Seattle
Seattle
Humboldt
San I)u»g-o..
Victoria & Piujet Sound . .
Seattle
Portland '
Coos Bay
Nanalmo
Humboldt „.
Chin:* ana Japan
Alaska
Panama
tininpoittt
San Dleero ........
Poruana
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 2i
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr2(i
Apr 2(J
Apr
Apr
Apr 26
Apr 2.'
Apr 27
Apr2T
Apr 27
Apr 2*
Apr 28
Anr 28
An:- 2.1
Apr 29
Apr 80
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 1
'omona
Valla Walla....
Meveland
"oi\n:iDia
Lrcu:i
turma
lomer
r.'iellc
'alencia
Lcarmlco
Jortn Porn....
am, -i Rosa. ...
tain ot Cai —
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
•ATION'I
SAILS.
lumboldt.
MU» Koaa
amoa
'enus
lty Puebln
lortnFork
irizaba.. ..
(regron ....
loos Hay..
'owport...
ißlanchrd
Alaska ADr 25
San Diesro .... Apr 26. 11 AM
Humboldt.... Apr 25, Ipw
Cniua&.l.'ipan Apr 2i), 1 r.M
Vie & Part. Sna Apr 26. ID an
Humboldt ... Apr 2<s. i»AM
Humboldt Apr V 6. 10 aw
Portlana Apr 27.10 am
Newport Apr 27. 9 am
Panama- — .. Apr2S.UM
Vaquina Bay. Apr 28. 8 pm
Humboldt.... Apr 29. it am
San Die?o.... Apr 2.», llasi
Portland..... Apr 30.10 am
Onina& Japan Apr 3U. Ipm
Puffet Sound.. Aor 30
Coos 8ay..... . Apr 10, bpm
Humboldt ... May 1. 'jam
A1a5ka........ May 1
Vie Pirt Snrt May 1.10 am
Pier 3
P;er 11
Pier 8
PM SS
Pier a
Pier 2
Pier B
Pier 12
Pier 11
P M S3
Pier 13
Pier U
Pier 11
Pier 13
PM S3
Pler'ii
Pier 11
Pier
Veeott
'omon:i...
'olumbla..
Ily of Rio
lovi^iiinu..
rcata. . ..
;omer
alencla. ..
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and ...eights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. PuhllnhPcl by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lat than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APHIL-UftW.
Monday, April 25.
Sun rifles...... 8:20
Sun sets... ■ 6:55
Moon sets. 11-31 p. m.
! | Feet
i
L Wi
nmo,
''h w;
L WI
1:30
2:07
t:U
4:45
L W
4.4
4.1
8.»
9:12
10:0 i
1U:61
11:43
H W
■; in
7:36
4::
6:
6:
6:'
7::
L \
12:.
4.1
It
7:*H 3.»
8:68 S.ti
10:23 5.6
11:17 3.2
HW
7:44 4.8
2.S
2.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column ana the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as some imes occurs. The heights
given are additions to me soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
refereni-e is the nu-an of the lower low water*.
SHIPPING I.NTELLKiE.NCK.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 24.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 16 hours frm
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Orizaba, Parßons, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, 7 days 20 hours
from Dyea, via Seattle 68 hours.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 4S hours from New
port.
Brig Harriet O, Wayland, 150 day 3 from
New York.
Sehr Ocean Spray, Sorenson, 48 hours from
Ivereens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 8 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Sunday, April 24.
Stmr State of California, Green. Astoria.
Ptmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
I Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Ital ship Emanuele Accame, Ameglia, Cape
Town.
Schr Wing and Wing. Simmte, Coos Bay.
TEI.KGRAPHIC.
POIN LOBOS— April 24, 10 p. m.— Weather
fogg-y; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD-Sailed Apr 24—Schr
Melancthon. tor Columbia River
VENTURA— Arrived Apr 24—Schr Occidental,
from Grays Harbor.
VENTURA— Arrived Apr B— Stmr G Loomis,
hence Apr 23, and sailed for San Francisco
ASTORIA-Sailed Apr 24— Stmr Lakme, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 23-Stmr
Fulton, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Apr 24— Nor stmr Peter Jebsen. for
Nanalmo.
TA TOGS H— Passed Apr 23— Stmr Umatilla.
hence Apr 21 for Port Townsend; Br ship Lou
don Hill, hence Apr 13 for Royal Roads. 24 —
Schr Corona, from San Pedro for Seattle; schr
Endeavor, from Newport for Puget Sound;
Austrian ftrar Burma, from Xanalmo for San
Francisco: Haw stmr San Mateo, from Taco
ma for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 24— Stmr Cleveland. for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 24— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Hongkong.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Apr 24— Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 24— 8tmr Luca
nia, from Liverpool for New York.
/^^V Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
M&isJpl 625 KEAB.VT ST. Established
ffifl*ff^jr.2& In 1854 for the treatment
025KGARXTKT. Established
In 1854 for the treatmentof Private
I /jUL,B>k jsyl DiseHSf s. Lost Manhood. Deblilty or
t:i tf_fi*vS*'W disease wearinifoi) bodyand mind and
Mkin Diseases. I'he doc tor cures when
fcS_S^»S5l l)tne '' slft Try him. Charges low
*^S»3__«__ rnrencaarnnlffil. Call or write.
l>r. J. F. IB.tOX. Ko- 1957. Sag Franclsca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ Steamers leave Broadway
gjaiM^ wharf, San Francisco:
tf^W^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HPfkJC^ April 1. 6. 11, 16, 21. 26. May 1,
KMk BKAsra transfer at Seattle.
IWtiMl For Alaskan ports (from
--WH-am-ffiini Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
'.' ~^^a^M April 27, May 1S - Juna 5 26.
July 17, transfer at Portland,
Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
April 2. 8, 14. 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27,
May 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa. Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5. 9, 13. 17. 21, 25, 29. May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. .
! For Eiisenada, Magdalena ; Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La. Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., May 12,
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of =aillnp. , ' ■
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel). >'
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
ORTL -A. DSr D
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Class Includinß Berth
FHRL $8 Second Class nnd Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
Oregon April 18, 17
Columbia April VI, 30
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP. AND THE CON-
, TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW TORK, PHILADELPHIA, SOUTH-
AMPTON, ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS. ■ ' - -
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA ANDJTHE GOLDFIELDS.
Steajners Ohio, Pennsylvania. Illinois, Indi-
ana, 34C? tons, Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
in the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
'S. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 23.
S. P. Pennsylvania, June 29. for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl??t of new and
modern Bteamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
PMfIBIBBQsA S. 6. ZEALANDIA,
laHnlE for HONOLULU only,
[•fc* 113 "** Wednesday. May 4, 2
y \J—~^ p. 'm. Special party
faiX"l ' A rates.
§tMn<;hin Tne s - s - MARIPOSA
CylMlllJlliy 1 sa s vla Honolulu and
/nITIRrWLK Auckland for Sydney
\W||I(JUIWSp Wedne Bday, May 18, at
2 p. m.
Lln« to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
• • 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Gompagnfe Generals Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -p-rvy
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^J/T?-
by this line avoid both transit by '~ maime »
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Mny 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 28, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to X
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, :V: V ■•'- '•- l~l ~ ■
No. 3 Bowling Green, iJew York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. _ .
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 2:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ..1 p. m. and 8.30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landlne and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOSGATOSand SANTA CRU2
Steamer Alvlso leaves l'ier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and . passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvtso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. , ■ '. :.r: .r •;:
RAILROAD TRAVEL. V
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows: ■
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed f Mixed | Passen-
■ ger Sunday Bta- Sunday ger
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Dally.
7:2oam 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pmi 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 1 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am s:2opm Hanford 9:45 am I:lspm
12:15 pm| 6:45 pm Vlsalla 6:40 12:40 pm
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
qulred. . ' . -
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. . m. daily; at Merced - with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville' etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. •
• :( Via Sausalito Ferry.) . '"
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
, Round trip from Mill Valley, |1.
THOS. COOK , & . SON, 'Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. •
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURE STORE.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 10 A. M.
1123 MARKET ST.. NEAR SEVENTH.
FRANK W. RUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■UITIIIK.N triC COJII'ANY.
ii'Acirii: »YHIKSI.)
Tr»li. lnu<> hikl nri' «lit«» lo nrrl»« at
MAN ritAX l*« O. -
(Mai;. Line; Foot of Market Street.)
lkavb — From April 10. IS9B. — arrtv
•6:OCa Nil**. 9an Jose and Way BUUOM... •»:43a.
7:00* Kenicia, Buisun *ii i oacraniento 10:43 a
7iOUa Murysvilie. UrOTille aud llnlilii.g tU
WoodlULd Sr4Sp
7:00 a Viieaville and Rum. 8:43p
7:U«a Martinex. San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Uallrtoca and Sauta Rosa Bil3p
B:<>oa Atlantic Express, (itfileii and Kart.. Si43r
i:«Oa Nllea, s»n Joatt, .Vm-ktciu, lone,
Sacramento, Marynvillo, Chico,
TehamaaDd Üb.l lIIhIT 4:l»r
•S:3oa IVters. Milton aud Oak'iale m 'tlSp
. 9i«ioa New OrloaDS Kxineu, Merced. R»y.
mond, I'reßiio, nskenlleiit. Santa
lUrliara, Ij>B Augrlea, Dviiili>k.
Xl I'uo, New Orleans and Kant. Si43r
0:OOa Viillcjo. Martinez, Mtroed and
Fresno 12:15p
•l:OOr SWmniento Illver Stenmem MliOOp
l:O«r Nile*. 3»n Jcse ard Wajr Stations.. «Os4»A.
l::««i Slartiiiezaiid Waj StaUom 7543p
2:«UJ» Livennoro, Jlendota, Haoford aud
VlialU 4sl3p
IJTcrmore, San Jose, Nllo and Way •
Stations JlOiliU
4ioop Marline/., Kail Itaiiion, Vnllejo ,
Niijiii. CnllHlnxii, Xl Verano aud *■
*- SauU liosu »il8»
4JiO»p Beuicia. VacaTille. Woo.lland,
Xi >ights Landlus, Marysville, <)ro-
»llle inui Nncixmeiitn 10:45^
• iBrtp Nile*. 5..11 Jnse, Truey and Stockton .. 7:15#
4:3« - Lathroi>, Mndeato, Merced, Berei.da, ' 0
-■" Fu-ciio, Mi.jiTe (fo* Uandbburg),
SiimalSiirli.iiA.in'; I.»h Aiijinles.. 7i43*
4iHop Santa I— llonte. AtUnlio Kxvress
f«r MnjHvti suxl Kast «i4sf
"Sunset Limited." I.os Anaeiea, Xl
lVso. Fort Worth, Little llcck, St.
L< r.is, Cbicaco and K»st § I Oil
t3:3ur "Subset Limited Annrx," El Paso.
>'ew Orlfonx and t.»-t |10i134
«:OOi- Knr,.,.,^,, M,iii, u t .l,. ami Kast.... 9:45\
«m«i- ||iiy«,mlii, NlluaiUH] (San Joho 7:43^
t»lO(»p Vftlleji) f7:43f
diOlM- Ort-Kon I'.tiircHn.Mauriiiiieiito, Mi.rj-n-
Till*-. l:«.<liling, ["ortliii..!, I'ligut
Simiiiil aii.l lß>t. Kil3a
bXH LKAMMCO \M> lUVWAUIIN I.OIJAL.
I Foot of Market Street.)
<*6jooa "I ■ ? 7:l3a'
8:O«a Melro^e. Kriiiiuary P«rk, 4*1»:15a
iS:»«a l'ltcl.l.ur (r ,Kln.liur.r, M):-J.1f
lO.ooa I I'lMiliurs;, Klnil.ur.f, 11:15*
»II:O»a | San liPnnilrn, South San IVf:«3p
*!?■!?" I ' I-oandro^^tudlllo, {421*
i:t:obp y Lorenzo, Cherry • «4:«5p
ItilUl- , 15:43p
5:O»p a"' l 0:l3p
B:3Op H»jK»ril». 7:43*
7:»<»p 8:4»p
|J : '»«P i Rune through tON " lotoo!
»:OOp t From Nile* 10:30p
HU:I-M- I iitlSMittp
COAST Ii1\InI()N (Narrow (iiiuiff).
(Foot Market Street.)
I?>43a Sai.tn > n I Kxcnirsion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way BtaUoas J»:osp
4:13 a Xowark.Ceuterrille.Siu Jo.«e,Felton, "-
Bouldfrfirck.^antaOniz and Way
Stations 3»30»
•2il3p Newark, ('<>•. t-rrille, San Joiie, New
Almaden, Feltoa, i!miU!«r Creek,
Santa Cruz ard Principal Way
Stations *10:3Oa
4:l3pBan Jose and Glenwood 0:20.v
a4;lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Crut Jl>:2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSlil mSCISCO— Tiot or Siaiktl Street <Sli» S) —
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00
frimOHUND— FosUfßromlwij.— '6:Co 8:00 30:00 a.m.
tl2;00 ■•1:00 t;:0: '3:00 tt:o3 *5:00r.¥.
COAST IMVIshO iKroail liiiuge). 0
' (Tlilr.l iiini Townaeii.l St<.)
•7sOoa Han Jose ami \V;.y ijtaUhiui (New '
Almaden Wednesdays only). l:30p
J7:3oa Sunday Exetmiot) for San Jo«p.
B*tt-i Cniz, Pacific Qri»t» I and
Priocpal Wiy stations : JS:B3p
9:00 a hun Ji»o, 'ire« I'inou. Hants i Hi/.,
Pncilic (Irofe, Vaso itoUes. H(UI
Lnts (il.iaiio, rluitdaluiie. .-Surf nixl
Principal Way Slat.ltiim 4:lOp
IOi4O« S»n JoHKaml Wh)' Stations »M:OOa
I1:3Oa San J.>se ami Way Stations *8:35 a
•S»:43r San M»te<i. Itedwood
Santa Clara, Sun .time, ntiroy,
Hollister, Sniita Cruz, Bi».liuaa,
Moouroj and I'.icilic Gr<--« , *10:33 a
■Si3Op SanJosf,' " * *.-•
»nd Way Stations »9:00 a
•4tlSr San Josean.l I'rinoipal Way Stations 9:45 a
*SiOOp Ran ,Ios« and Principal Way Station* 6:35 a
BjSOi- SHii.lose Principal Way Htatious s:3i>p
6::i«r Ban Jos« ami W»y 3tjit\i)iis ......... 7:30p
MI:4Bp 9an Jose Way St-s-timis 7:30p
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon.
• Sundftvs eiceiitetl. { Sundays ODly. \ Sat.nr.layn onljr
\\ Monday, Thursday and Sutur.iay ni«iitii only.
% Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
i Saturdays. Sundays and Von^ays_
SAN FRANCIsCOand NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnuroa Ferry, F««t of Market St.
b'AaN FRANCISCO TO SAJM RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUXDAYS-S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 r>. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
— — — — — — April 23, _________
Week I Sun- 1893. ' . Sun- I Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novatoi ioTIo ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm!5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:30 pm 6:22 pm
~~ ' Fulton, ~ "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30" ami I Hopland andj 110:25 am
3:30 pm|8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pin
7:30 am . 10:25 am
[S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm) [ ; 6:22 pm
7:30 am S: 00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 1 S:4O am
; I and . ■ 1
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pra 6:22 pm
7:30 am 3:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
S:3O pm;5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
HlghUnd fc'prlnps. Kelseyville. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bticknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville. Orr"s Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickeu at
reductd rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pnss Agent.
\wzm&S£*na*i CALIFORNIA
ir^^^M LIMITED.
' fSWmr» \ SAN FRANCISG3
■B-wSI-^-BH CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. tn.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlng-Room Sleepers, -
1% days to Chicago. 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
L«nves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carryißs I'ullmau
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car* oa
fast time. Direct conner- i In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrl- and depart f m Market-«tre«t
Ferry. San Fran isco ticket office, t.i Marks. -
■treet. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1520. Oakland office. UIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. Kai Joje. 7 West
Santa Clara -treet. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
 : . Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San ■ Francisco, ' Commencing September
19, 1837. •
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s. »9:SO
11:30 a. m.; »1:45, 3:45, 6:00, 6:30 p. m!
Eztra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo. no-00.
, *ll:30 a. m. : 'Klo, 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. ra.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. . ■
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way ata-
tlons; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fo»
Duncan Mills, and way stations;- 8:00 «v m.-'
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
910
OPEN BIBLES,
CLOSED SALOONS
What Epworth League
Is Striving and Hop
ing For.
An Interesting Convention
Brought to a Successful
Determination.
All Satisfied With th» Work Accom
plished, but Further Efforts Will
Be Put Fortli.
The closing exercises of the Epworth
League Convention were held last even-
Ing in Metropolitan Temple. Enthusiasm
and patriotism were at a high pitch and
the Interesting addresses delivered wore
applauded with a will. The work of the
convention and the success attained lias
been most gratifying to the members of
the organization, and better work is
looked forward to during the coming year
because of t!;.- gathering.
Yesterday morning sunrise prayer
meetings were held In the various church
es in the city, and the attendance showed
that the majority of those, both local and
visiting, had taken an interest in the ser
vices. At 11 o'clock the regular services
were held in the places of worship and
later the Sunday school classes held their
meetings.
In the evening the League hold devo
tional services in the Howard-street
Church, and by special arrangement
preaching pervi.-es followed. During the
day a large number of the members ex
pressed their intention of joining the
SONG AND CHEERS MARKED A SUCCESS
The Epworth Leanuers Close Their Convention and
Praise The Call.
The Epworth League is the Young People's Society of the Methodist
Episcopal Church. It has a membership of nearly 2,000,000. Ten thousand
>c are within the boundary of the California Conference, which em
braces the northern portion of California. This is the first conference
convention we have held in the California Conference, and its success has
lur most sanguine expectations. The attendance has been
1753. These come from thirty-two counties. San Francisco furnished the
large?' Alameda came second in point of attendance, Santa
Clara third and Sonoma fourth. Considering the limited population of
the patronizing territory, this has been an exceptionally well attended
convention.
The programme has given the best satisfaction. The papers during
the day have been practical and helpful, and the evening addresses have
roused great enthusiasm. The audiences have filled great auditorium.-.
The results, we believe, will be all that could be desired. It will give
new methods of w irk; II will give fresh inspirations for work, and It will
prove a great ;;;■:; In the personal Christian life of very many young
Christians. It has been a patriotic body of young Americans, who were
ready to chc i sing the songs with the warmest fervor.
Some of its members are members of the militia, which will stand ready
i" fight for national honor and human freedom.
Our work will receive a splendid Impetus from this convention, and
we have every reason to feol that it has been a grand success.
The reports in The Call have been highly appreciated for their fullness
and fairness and accuracy, and ha\-e been a means of communication to
thousands of leaguers all over the State.
We shall look for the best year of league work we have had In North
ern California. E. P. DENNETT, Conference President.
party which will visit lit. Tamalpals to
day, and in the evening they will gather
hundreds strong to listen to the words of
John P. D. John, who will deliver his re
ply to Robert Ingersoll, "Did Man Make
God or Did God Make Man?"
Following the preaching services a mass
meeting was held in the Temple and the
crush was so great that an overflow meet
' ing was held tn Central Church, where
hundreds who were unable to find even
standing room in the Metropolitan Tem
ple gathered to listen to the words of
Rev. Dr. Locke. The Temple had been
still further decorated for the closing ex
ercises and presented a beautiful scene.
The stars and stripes were In profusion
and the scarlet and white banners of the
League Reemed to be everywhere.
At the opening ol the services Rev.
Richard Moyle, of the University of the
Pacific, sang "Come Unto Me." A song
service followed, and then Rev. E. S.
Chapman delivered his address on "The
'League vs. the Salo n." Amonz other
things he said: "This is not a war with
Spain, but against King Alcohol. He has
caused more suffering: than all the Cuban
outrages, and each day adds new hor
rors to the scene. They tell us that to
morrow the President will declare war.
We have already declared war, and
against a terrible foe to piness and
comfort. The nation wantH volunteers
Jor one and two years, bul we want them
for ever and ever. We are rmined
that the saloon must go, and our deter
mination must win. We must organ
ise arainst the evil and thrust It
from the face of the earth. We must
fnirify polit and the young men who
go to the polls should vote for right and
right only. The women should be al
lowed to vote, and what a help they
•would be to our cause. We nt-ed en
thusiasm among our young, and we will
have it as the proper spirit is becoming
enthused into their veins. The day of
battle is upon us and the day of victory
close at hand."
"Christ for the World, and the World
for Christ" was the subject of the in
teresting address delivered by Rev. W.
C. Evans, D.D. In part he stated that
activity In the work and loyalty to God
■were the main points to be depended
tipon and success would follow, as Christ
had saved the world and the world should
appreciate it. "An open Bible and closed
saloons," he said, "will accomplish our
object in view and for which we are striv
ing with our might." Dr. W. w. Case,
chairman of the resolution committee,,
read a report In which the work was
compliment'il ,-md thanks tendered to the
press. It was also resolved that the
members of the league lead their hearty
support to the interests of the Red Cross
Society.
At this tim personal testimony and
Suggestions from members of the con
vention were heard on "The Beat Things
In Experience and in Work," under the
leadership of Dr. Cnase. A call by dis
tricts was made and Interesting but brief
Ideas given. Consecration followed and
(i successful and highly interesting con
vention of the Bpworth League of the
State was brought to a close.
THE THEATERS.
They have "Trilby" at the California.
marked down to 50 cents, and with the
cast made up of local players. This may
lift sound inviting, in view of other bar-
pain counter performances given recently
in the California, and the notoriously
•wild character of the acting in the usual
scratch productions that arc put r,n here
•very now and then, but the 50-eent pro
duction of "Trilby" at the California is
a glittering disappointment. In fact it
1= extremely creditable and might easily
be worth a dollar. With anything to
repress :u the foyer dv Cirque d«s J:.-is)ii
bazoiifks except that rococo palace scene,
which h:is served alternately at the Cali
fornia and the Baldwin those last ten
yfars in everything from grand opera to
minstrels, and with anybody but
George D. McQuarrte entangled in the
whiskers and dialed of Tauy and with
Frank Clayton's Gecko trying to be any
thing except a perfect prince, the per
formance would be worth a dollar on the
spot. However. Mr. McQuarric. Mr.
Clayton's starring ambitions and the
scenic heirloom aro mental details, and
you may go to the California with the
certainty of getting nothing less than 05
cents worth of entertainment for your
helf dollar— gallery tickets In proportion.
The piece calls for a long cast of live
people, and for animated stage manage
mrat; and, bar the exception already
noted, gets them. Frederick Paulding,
an actor who usually gives excessive vent i
to cheap emotional tricks, and hence is |
rarely successful unless by some droll j
chance his fervor is unconsciously turned
to good comic account, is bewilderlngly '
In the fantastic part of Sveiigali. !
I!is make-up is ferociously overdone and :
his hypnotic "passes" are. in one or two
instances, irresistible invitations to the
laugh; but be gets the nervous grip, the
elocutionary music, the humor ami the
• in.- twist of the character in i
. . Of course, Svcngali's
tneatricalism and extravagance play
directly into Mr. Pauldmg's hand, but his
Buccess in tlie part is far too artistic to |
be attributed only to this temperamental I
coincldi nee.
Trilby, too. seems to find a fortunate
interpreter in Fannie Gillette, who, al
though now and Hun a bit too grandiose
in delivery for the frankness of the girt,
gives the part with pretty feeling. The
Laird is very plausible in the hands of H.
S. Duffleld, who do,-s not insist on the di
alect; and Billet is done in a simple
manly way by Bert Morrison. Ne-tner
Mrs. lia-got n;>r Zou Zou is definitely
French as Phosa McAllister and Wmiara
Brewer play them, but there is consider
able enthusiasm in both; Charles Char
ter's work in the rather bad part of the
comic relief parson is entirely admirable.
At this time of day it is not necessary
to discuss the dramatic values of the
Potter-Du Maurler hypnodrama. It is
perhaps enough to say that the piece still
has its charms for many persons and
that it does not lose them in the presenta
tion at the California.
The new bill went on at the Orpheum
yesterday afternoon, and while on the
whole it is not up to the mark of the
Hyde show, it numbers several turns that
are lirst rate in their kind and is a fairly j
entertaining performance all the way ;
through. The •■featured" attraction is
Mjr:"M Kerner's living pictures, which!
are broader in scope and on a more elab- i
crate scale than usual. Several of them '
—notably "Venus and the Three Graces"
and "The Captive"— are really startling
it: effect. "Cuba Libre" is <>f course a 1a 1
: i _:;;.i for much patriotic applause, but
■>:.■• most artistic picture of all is called
"Plantation Courtship," and depicts a
negro with a banjo serenading his dusky;
love. The waits between pictures will
probably be shorter as the week ad- i
Of th-> ..tier new turns Lizzie
B. Raymond scores special success. She
Is an old favorite at the Orpheum and ;
a lot of taking songs. Montgomery j
and St. 'tie. an Incomparable black-face ;
team, are playing a return engagement
week.
The tremendous success of Melba's j
three performances at the California has i
induced her to give an "extra night"' on
Saturday in a bill made up of selected
acts from "Romeo and Juliet," "Faust"
and "Ri&oletto"; she will also Ring th« '
mad scene from "Lucia." which is per
haps the most wonderful single episode
in her whole repertory.
Handball With an Inovation.
A game of handball will be played In
Phil Ryan's San Francisco court, at 858
Howard street, on next Wednesday after
noon at -:20. in which an innovation in
the ancient game will be introduced.
This departure from the customary way
is brought about by a French professor
from Buenos Ayres, who has played his
way up from the southern clime, "defeat
ing all competitors. In the City of Mex
ico and elsewhere he met none to beat
him. hence he has thrown down the gaunt
let in this city to any two of the local
champions. The French professor's in
novation in the game is that he plays
with an Instrument shaped like a racquet
bat, such as is used In the lawn tennis
court, with the exception that he is
made of solid oak.
Thi" match for next Wednesday after
noon will be between the champions and
T. K. Bonnet and R. Llnehan, for a
prize of SluO. which will be used as a
trophy in the coming' games scheduled
at this court as previously announced.
Thi.^ game promises to be full of life
and fun, as the newcomer will meet two
of the best local players.
Tin- conies at this court yesterday
were:
P. Stelner and M. McNeil defeated M. Maher
and I- Corralne. Score: 21-15, 17-21, 21-16.
M, Maeulre and E. White defeated M. Me-
Laughlin and M. Basch. Score: 21-IS. 16-21,
D. .1. Bbeehan nnd X. J. Prendereaat de
feat"<l E. MoDnnriufh and L, Waterman.
21-13. 1!'-21. 21-17.
.1. Klrby and D. Regan defeated R. Ho\is
man and E. Marry. Score: 21-14. IC-21. 21-18.
P. Ryan and D. luiljers defeated G. Mc-
Donald and P. McKlnnon. Score: 21-IS, 16-21,
21-19.
M. miion and G. Hutchinsnn defeated W"
Kelly and A. Pennoyer. Score: 21-13, lf,-21,
21-17.
P. Hutchison and R. Housman vs. J. Law
less and J. Plattery. eafh siJp won two pamea.
hut nn account of darkness the final game will
be played off next Sunday. Score: 21-15. 10-21,
21-17, 19-21.
Lonnle Clayton and R. Murphy defeated M
McClure £md M. Masulre. Score: 21-U, 15-21,
21-13.
T F. r.nnnet and A. Hamrton defeated J.
C. X'-alon and M. J. Kilpallun. Score: 21-10,
r-2i. n-20.
The camos at the Occidental Court, at
120 Grove street, yesterday, were well
contested, and the results are as follows:
W. Collins ami Al Hueell rl.M>ate<l Al C ,!
lins anil T:. Clements. Sere: 21-16. l!»-2l, 21-17.
A. Antron and c,. Sweitser defeated a. Han
son an.l F. Mulinix. Score: 21-10. 14-21. 21 -is.
C. Hartshorn and W. Coleman rl^'pnted J.
Ron and Al Hudson. Score: 21-17, 18-21, 21-ls.
3. Sullivan and J. Duane defeated G. Kull
and M. IXilun. Srnre: 21-16, 17-21. 21-IS.
W. Hfcsaell and B. Clempnts defeated Al
Whitehead and W. McClaln. Score: 21-IS,
19-21, a-18.
\V. Craig and J. Romer defeated J. Condon
and K. Antron. Score: 21-19, IS-21, 21-14.
A I N'oal and H. Macfnnls dff.-ntPd H. Fitz
gerald and H Rr.mer. Score: 16-21. 21- IS, 21-17
.!. Rook and F. Wells defeated T. Bernstein
and .1 Lovdy. Senre: 21-16. 12-21, 21-13.
.1 MrXamara and F. Stultz defeated F.
Cr Connor and W. Murphy. Score: 21-19 17-21
21-10.
Kicked by an Officer.
George Ipsen. a sailor on the revenue
cutter Corwin, was severely kicked last
I during a row with a special officer
oyed at Morosco's Theater. Ipeeh
waa sealed in the gallery of the theater,
and he claims that the special attacked
him without provocation, kicking him in
the abdomen. He was removed to the Re
vfxv.i'.t' Hospital, where his injuries were
— » « '
Charged With Vagrancy.
Frank Murray, who. the- police think
is one of the men who recently passed
a number- of Confederate bills on confld-
Ing storekeepers, was arrested last night
and charged with vagrancy. It is ex
pected that several charges of petty lar
ceny will be placed against him" to-day
when taken into custody two Confederate
bills were found in his possession.
Stabbed in a Row.
During a drunken row on Third street
last night John Kelly, aged IS years, was
slightly cut in the chest by an unknown
man. The wounded man v.-.is --ned at
the Receiving Hospital, aft< y he
was taken to the city Prison v. , "charged
with drunkenness.
Try our %l Eyeglasses. 710 Market &. 11 Geary.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 189 S.
CONFIRMATION AT
ST. PETERS'
Over Two Hundred Children
Receive the Sacrament From
Archbishop Riordan.
Hundreds of Catholics and Non-
Caiholics Crowd the Edifice to
Witness the Ceremony,
Amid the chanting of hymns, the recital
of prayer and the organ prelude of the
glorious Veni Creator, the sacrament of
confirmation was administered to over
two hundred boys and girls yesterday
afternoon at St. Peter's Church. The
church, as is usual, was crowded to its
utmost capacity with non-Catholics and
1 non-Catholics alike who crowded the aisles
and blocked the entrance to the edifice
eager to see the impressive ceremony,
one of the most Impressive in the Catho
lic church.
Promptly at 2:30 o'clock as the Arch
bishop, robed in his sacred vestments
and followed by his assistant priests, en
tered the sanctuary, being met with
chant of the childish voices accompanied
by peals of music from the great organ
which echoed and re-echoed throughout
the church. The children upon the en
trance of the Archbishop rose and in or
derly procession marched to the altar
rail where they waited the anointment of
chrism and the blessing of the church.
The girls, over a hundred in number,
were robed in white, their faces being
covered with veils of white, the emblem
of purity, while the boys were dressed
in black suits with white and gold rib
bons attached to the left arm.
Upon the conclusion of the ceremony
a brief addrfss was delivered by Arch
bishop Rlorqan upon the object of con
firmation and the necessity of the sac
rament as a means of salvation. He lik
ened that stage of life when a knowledge
of self, religion ami the world is demand
ed before tile sacrament i-an be adminis
tered, to the budding time of spring— the
spring time of life.
The Rev. Fathers Mulligan and McDon
ald assisted at the altar as masters of I
ceremony. Upon the conclusion of the i
benediction, which followed the ceremony
of confirmation, the sacred blessing of ;
the Archbishop was given, and that con
cluded the services.
Among those confirmed were the tol- j
lowing:
Mary \gnes I.umrman. Margaret Aloysius
McCarthy. Emily Elizabeth Walsh, Lucy Eliz
abeth Effin, Mary Aloysius Crimnun*, t ranees
Mary Nell Hannah Francos Depold, Minnie
Mary lAieger Catherine Mary Enright, Marsa- i
ret Agnes Callan. Lydla Cecelia Perrin*. I.la
Aloysius McCarthy, Mary Helen Myers. Esther
Josephine Callahan, Franoea Aloysius Walsh.
H^.tta Gertrude Mulligan, Alice Mary Hutler.
Gertrude Genevicve Holland, Mary < lertrude
Cudell Gertrude GenevU-vo Re&rdon. Mary
J.'-.phlne Depold, Winifred Mary Humphrey,
Ellen Gertrude Welch, Anne Gertrude Sulli-
Mary Reglna Reynolds. Gertrude Aloysius
McCarthy, Genevieve Mary Doyle, Gertrude |
(UoysiUS Cullum, Ad.lie Mary .Suan, Margaret;
Mary '.ally, Carrie Loretto Coogan, Uly Mary
Sullivan, Margaret L«oretta Shannon, Josepn
ine Ainysius Boyhan, Kcse Gertrude StolberK,
Mary Aloyfllna Grace, Monica Mary Keegun. I
Etjeen Agnes Cluney, Mary Ainysius UV!-t,
Isabel Mary O'Day, Kir.ma Mary Rear.l.m.
THeresa Marie ('Connor, Lily Mary Traynor,
Julia Mary Sullivan. Caroline Mary Pelgln,
Teresa Sullivan, Catherine Gertrude
Donahue, Kll--n Mary Donlon, Rose Aloyslus
Gallagb>r. Mary Aloysius Kursrinsky. Angela
Mary" Fitzgerald.
Rose Elizabeth Smalls, Magdalene Mary
Akebam. Theresa Catherine Fitzpatrick. Louise
Mary Burblno, Emile Louisa Perrot. Eva
Martha Casey, Susan Elizabeth McKenzlc,
Veronica Cecelia She^han, Oora Clare Curtis,
Louis Veronica Knight. Nellie Cecelia Hayes,
Gertrude Michtilde l'avls, Clara Mary Nell,
Mary Aloysius Barellles, Eva Clare Lyman,
Laura Genevleve Sullivan, Mary Aloysius Lap
pin, Xellie Mary Mullins, Mary Aloysius Kelly,
reel la Mary Hogan.
Ellen Aloysius Feeney, M»o' Aloysius
o'Hrlen. Ellen Josephine Donovan, Mary Gene
vleve Sullivan, Flora Acnes, Myers, Mary
Teresa Nelson. Josephine Veronica Scanlon,
Catherine Mary Lally. Eva Mary King, Ellen
Mary Lane, Ellen Clement I'ierce, Emma
Margaret McMillan, Genevteve Mary Lyman,
Ellen Mary Norton, Margaret Mary Blgglna,
Isabel Teresa Brady.
Ida Cecilia Doherty, Ellen Aloyslus Cody.
Anne Mary Klein, Maud Aloysius Hennessey,
Catherine Aloysius Fitzpatrick, Antoinette Ger
trude Crawford, Mary Aloysius Gould. Mary
Josephine Benn, Adrlenne Veronica Fitzgerald,
Mary Imelda Gllmore, Ellen Josephine Sulli
van, Gertrude Josephine Egan, Elizabeth Lucy
Sullivan, Agnes Genevleve KitZK«-rald. Emma
Genevieve Moore, Lucy Cecilia Jourden.
Mary Aloysius Daley, Cecile Josephine Amlot,
Mury Teresa Ganrloff. Elizabeth Mary Mc-
Mahon, Elizabeth Agnes Hogan, Vee Frances
Tenant, Lily Mary Ahr-rn, Lily Imelda Owen,
Viola Anastasla Kennedy, Mary Aloysius
Foran, Sarah Aloysius Cassldy, Isabel Mary
Doherty, Catherine Mary Welch, Catherine
Mary Daley, Mary Anne Hannan, Florence
Agnes McCarthy.
Ella Aloyslus Thornton. Margaret Mary Pat
ton, Jennie Aloysius Ward, Helen Carmel Sulli
van. Josephine Heglna Barry. Josephine Mary
Welch, Anne Mary Andersen, Mary AloyslU3
Btetls, Agnes Kose O'Connell, Florence Mary
Imnskeep, Mary Imelda Connolly, Teresa
Ang-la Ahem, Elizabeth Catherine Field, Sarah
Aloysius Early.
Alice Mar> r McDonnell, Mary Aloysius Col
lins, Mary Frances Barrett, Mary Agnes Kel
terer, Mary Frances Bennett, Madeline Teresa
Glrot, Rose Mary McQuade, Blanche Dorothea
Coonan. Catherine Gertrude Klernan, Marga
r<-t Mary O'Callahan, Mary Aloysius Duffy,
Hannah Mary Btanwood. Mary Angela Kelly,
Loretto Imeldn Smith, Anne Veronica Goggin,
Louise Mary Milley, Agnes Mary Collins, Cath
erine Agens Walsh, Anne A^nes Stell, Mary
Aloysius Gallagher, Ellen Mary O'Donnell,
Jane Aloysius McGarry, Elizabeth Aloysius
Sullivan, Mary Aloysius Flaherty, Mary
Frances Lynch, Gfrtrude Imelda Paul, Anne
Mary Milley, Flora Mary Parsona, Inez Ve
ronica Freeman. Catherine Aloysius Gibbons.
Alice Mary Howe, Josephine Mary Devlne,
Harriet Mary Burke, Alice Mary Celyea, Rose
Mary Dugan, Rose Margaret Musante, Isabel
Josephine Burrows, Rita Aloyilui McCarthy,
Mary Gertrude Wleboldt. Jeanette Gertrude
Comerford, Harriett Elizabeth I^euger, Agnes
Veronica Griflen, Catherine Alary Albrecht,
Mary Aloysius Salmon, Anne Gertrude Gheen,
Eva Mary I^aborde. Josephine Mary Lyons,
Harriet Gertrude Itupin. Anne Mary Measlier,
Sarah Aloysius Humphrey.
Edward James Faulkner, William Joseph Mc-
Carthy, William Hugh Burke, Eugene James
McColgan, .. John Francisco Sawyer. Peter
Joseph Stocker, Francis Edward King, Joseph
Michael Cvace, James Francis Makowskl.
James William Freeman, Charles Phillip
Brown. Edmund Peter Brennan, Lawrence Ed
ward Kenny, Elmer Louis King, Clarence Ed
ward Welch, David James Kerrigan. Albert
Ferdinand Cordes, Michael Pet«r Harran,
Thomas Francis Brady, Albert Joseph Hunter,
Leopold Albert Rofer, Charles Benjamin Howe,
Chester Anthony Plnkham, James Edward Fo
ran, John Joseph Ellard, Vincent Stanislaus
Cull, James Francis Hoagland, Charles Stephen
Campbell, Edward Stephen Hogan, Richard
Raphael Mitchell, Nicholas Ignatius Barry.
• Charles Stephen Campbell, James Francis
Hoagland, Vincent Stanislaus Cull, Joh» Jo
seph Hard, James Edward Foran, Chester An
thony Pinkham, Edward Stephen Hogan, Rich
nrd Raphael Mitchell. Nicolas Ignatius Barry,
John Emanuel Fitzgprald( James Patrick
Thomas Lappin, George Albert McKinnon,
Richard Francis Blake, John Joseph Tapiano,
Hugh Conway, Eugene Aloysius O'Brien. John
Francis Conway, Angel Joseph Armstrong,
Frank Joseph Dudley William Hubert Eldgar,
William Thomas Quinn.
Edward Joseph Jones, John Wallace McKln
non, Joseph Walter Marum. Joseph Galatl,
Dominic Joseph Equi, Morgan Joseph Mullins,
George Jospeh Harris, William Joseph Meyers.
Henry Jmepb Delaney, Aueust Joseph Amot.
John Emanuel Fitzgerald. James Patrick
Thomas Lappin, William Patrick Griffen, John
Patrick Cogan, William John Quillinan. Law
rence James Felvey, John Joseph Rlordan,
Francis Joseph Patton, Hugh Joseph Hannan,
John Michael Gibbon, .Thomas John Lahoy,
Armand Joseph Amiot, Edward Joseph Quinn,
Lewis Edwin Spelgle, Arthur .Inseph Mathews,
William Henry Toomey, Thomas Francis Benn,
Arthur William Kee-fe, Robert John O'Connor,
Richard Eugene Doyle, William Patrick Griffin.
Michael Anthony Tobln, James Francis Calla
ghan, Alban Lawrence Keeean, James Francis
George. James Joseph Gallagher, William
Francis McCarthy, John Joseph Reding.
William Peter Langan. Edward James
French. Walter Antone Marians. George Chris
ten Jacobsen,. Benjamin Joseph Harmon. Will
iam Francis Hogan. Alfred John Cleary, James
Bernard Depold, Luke Joseph Milan,. Charles
Joseph Amiot, John Joseph O'Brien., Herman
Michael Makowski. Thomas Joseph German,
Maurice George O'Brien. August Joseph John
son. William Joseph Waters. John James
Toomey, . James Siveetman. Thomas Joseph
Callen. Henry Francis George.
James John Callaghan. James Edward Do
herty, Thomas Henry Colety, Hugh Edward
Duffy,- Thomas Cecil . Kenney, Frank Stephen
Grot, John William Condon. George Francis
Ellard, Philip Reginald Harry.
A Robber Identified.
The two Japanese gardeners who were
held tip in their house on Harold avenue,
Ingleside, Thursday niglit, called at the
City I'ii son yesterday, and one of them
Identified Charles Leonard, the one
armed man, as one of the robbers. An
other witness will be taken to the prison
to-day to have a look at Leonard, and if
he identifies him also Leonard will be
booked on the charge.
Killed Himself With Poison.
Frank Williams, residing with his wife
and two children at 2 Wheelock place,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon
by taking a dose of poison. The only rea
son alleged for his taking his life was
that he had a trifling disagreement with
his wife during the fore loon. This made
him angry and he left home, but re
turned and uade his wife and children
good-by. The next seen of him was when
his dead body was found. The Coroner
was notified and had the body removed
to the Morgue.
RANSACKED A STORE.
Burglars Carry Off a Wagon-Load of
Provisions.
Burglars, last Saturday night, broke In
to a grocery store at Post and William
streets, and stole a miscellaneous assort
ment of liquors, cigars and provisions.
An entrance was effected by prying open
the front door with a jimmy.
The proprietor, Michael Merigan, closed
the store shortly after 10 o'clock. Several
hours later a policeman found that the
place had been thoroughly ransacked.
Shortly before midnight last night
Merigan visited police headquarters and
asked that an officer be sent to watch his
store. He feared that the burglars
would return and carry off everything
they could lay their hands on. He said
he saw two suspicious looking characters
around the store. From the fact that
they got away with a large quantity of
provisions he Is inclined to believe that
they had a wagon in waiting.
After listening to his complaint the
officer in charge sent two policemen to
watch the store in the hope that the
burglars might return.
HELENA STACK'S
TRAGIC DEATH
Speculation as to Whether It
Was Accidental or
Suicidal.
The Deceased Was a Bright and
Ambitious Student at th«
State University.
BERKELEY, April 24.— The body of
Miss Helena Stack, the young woman
who met death yesterday in the waters
of the bay near Tiburon, was to-day
brought to the Stack residence, 2601 Dur
ant avenue, Berkeley. The members of
the family are prostrated by the shock of
the tragic and sudden death of the un
fortunate young lady.
Considerable mystery surrounds the
death of the young lady. She had been j
for some time a sufferer from ill health, j
and in addition was a very hard student.
She was a member of the junior class
of the State University in the college of
letters and a hard worker. It is believed
by some that ill health and overstudy j
drove her temporarily insane, and that in
a fit of mental aberration she sought her
own destruction. The college work in
the classical course, which she was pur
suing, is considered particularly difficult,
and the approaching annual examinations
may have caused the unfortunate student
to tax her mental powers beyond their
limit.
For the past three weeks, however,
Miss Stack had been forced, on account
of ill health, to take a vacation and tem
porarily to abandon her college work.
She had been advised to take trips occa
sionally into the country, and it is be
lieved that she started for Tiburon yes
terday on an outing for her health.
Whether she was suddenly seized with a
suicidal mania after she started, to row
from Tiburon to Belvedere, or whether
she was suddenly seized with sickness
and fell accidentally into the water, is
uncertain. The fact tbat the body was
found lloating within five minutes after
the young lady disappeared beneath the
water lends some support to the theory
tbat she was unconscious when she fell
into the water.
The unfortunate young student was
particularly bright in her studies. In IR9I
she graduated with honors from the Va-
I'-nrlß, now the Harare Mann Grammar
School of San Francisco, and with simi
lar distinction from the Girls' High
School four years later. She was ambi
tious to graduate from the university
next year with the degree of bachelor of
arts.. Both she and her sister. Miss
Katherine Stack, who was taking the
same course, were quite wrapped up In
their coll<>pp work. It was principally for
their convenience that the family moved,
pome timo since, from their former resi
dence, 20 Hill street, San Francisco, to
the university town.
Arninßements for the funeral have not
yet been definitely made. The members
of tho junior class at the university will
probably meet to-morrow to pass resolu
tions of regret and condolence upon the
death of their classmate.
SAN RAFAEL, April 24.— A jury was
Impaneled by Coroner Eden this morn-
Ing to Inquire into the cause of tho death
of Helena Stack, who was drowned near
Tiburon yesterday.
The mo.<--t Important evidence given was
by P. de Sella. the boatman who rented
the idrl the t">at. He said that she got
it about 1:15 p. m.. telling him yhe knew
how to handle one. and then asking that
extra cushions be put in as she would
meet a party at Belvedere. She appeared
cheerful, and started to row away in good
pplrits. The discovery of the body and
tin boat has already been recounted.
After some discussion the jury decided
that Miss Stack came to her "death by
accidental drowning. The father was
present at the inquest, and left for Berke
ley with the remains at 11 a. m. The
only testimony the father gave of any
Importance vas that he did not know
the girl intended to leave home for Bel
vedere at all.
George Green Goes East.
George Green, the well-known boxer,
will leave for the East to-morrow morn
inp. accompanied by Frank Foster of the
Olympic Club. Ho will go by way of thi>
north, visiting Seattle, Tacoma and Van
couver. In New York he expects to win
pugilistic laurels In return matches with
Charles McKeever and YValcott.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. "
PALACE HOTEL.
W M Krh. Stanford I H Junpbluth *s. Belg
D H Warren. Conn \M Jmistfiis. Belgium
G H Hancock. Tupeka L Mellu, P.elKlum
.1 T Ruck«r, S Juan E 1) Simth. I'hicago
A L AnJerson. Stanfd Mrs C W Wahlnrn, Cal
L L Stebblna, Oakland Mrs J C Ri'Mle. Pa
P L Wilson, Stanford L T Wrlfttt, Keswick
.1 s Patterson, O C W Fielding, Keswick
E C Homan, N V C Hunt <V.- w, cnnn
C T HinnV, f'oronadn A H Conlisk. Htayfd
.1 n Alexander, L Ang F \v Pnire. Marysvllle
H W HailufT & w. 111 W C Peyton, S Cruz
W D Shea, NY OH Manning & w, 111
J P Erie, L AnR Miss Grinnell. Colo
R H Myers, L Ang H S Phillips. Leodville
H W Harris & w, B C H M Hlakely, Leadvllle
Mrs Warner. Eureka F X Porter, Leadvllle
H Ljiub, Louisville F Leonard. Nev
.1 F Da vies. Eureka A J Hemcr, Wis
A W Bell. Pa J a Eastwood. Fresno
C P Burr & w, Auburn C M Russet & w, O
Mrs P C Woodruff. CalC L McLain. O
Mrs A B Hoss, Cal IP M Spencer. O
D Berthy & s, Belgium, Miss Davock. Detroit
GRAND HOTEL.
T t, Bell. Ben Lomond t:d de la Custa. Cal
L D Anderson. Cal A M Smith. Stktn
F C Mower. Napa A Stinkard, Eureka
H P Henley, Fresno It Vaughan, Pacto
G Musclo, S Maria G Akin. Sacto
G B Hollenbeck, Cal I) C Wi^us, L An*
J W Herkomer, Ptktn B E Edwards, L Ceres
H S Sladen, Stanford Miss Edwards, L Ceres
<; W Brown, Stanford E M BkkneU, N V
T B Rlley. Stanford F H Prnoe, Cal
J T MeCa.ll. Cal W M Sinns. Sacto
C T Bell. Stktn W P Knox. Sacto
A X Robin. S Jose C < 'nilwallader, Sacto
.1 M Boyo ft w. Ptktn F Z Curkey. Colusa
■\\' A R I^rK IP e, BtKlle W Sexton, Orovllle
.T A Wlttry & w. Chgo E Porttui Pannall
C Noyes & w. Wis R F Williams. Colo
Miss A A Chase. Wis R J Stephen. Cal
c McGregor, Xcv Q T Comen, Colusa
T Warburton. Nev R W Bingas. Concord
M M Hollenbeck, N T J H Hall, S Ana
V P McGillycuddy, S D
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P A Kelsay, Hopland IN J Phelan. Toronto
T M Casatdy, Cal T Murphy. Eureka
T Fay. Vallejn S Hurvltch. S Diego
O W Bird, Porterville F Henderson. la
J Martin. S Jose C Maher. Or
M C Hale. Sacto F Garrison, Haywards
L T Huti-hins'in. Cal IM 13 Myers. Antloch
A Bernard, Healdsburgj J (' Hayes, Carson
Mrs Dowd, Cblcagt) in F Roberta, Modesto
W II Johason, NY IM Smith, Modesto
W J TUckerly. Fresno I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W P Black Cleveland J Courtney Jr. N V
Dr Hublutzel, S Jose M P Oxdyke N V
H A Pixley, Berkeley H H Hess. N V
E S Foster, Vallejo E Haladay. Pittsburg
E H Gale, Oroville L Greenberj;. Eureka
W Ellis, Belmont H W M...5, Marysvll
J Smith, NY D Levy, Williams
J H Wallace, NY A Stevenson. Fresno
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, <t_*-(e
K. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 Sut- (■"lr
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- llfj
ING. at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of nP
the. Temple will be conferred. All raters are
courteously invited.
t JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
ILLI AM T. FONDA. Recorder. ■
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- *4
ING. M. M. degree. "mlf
H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /V'
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A R
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) /%
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- TS V
gree. By order of W^
GEO. W. TURNER, W. M.
G. W. ROOT. Secretan.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No 260. F M~
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1539 Fill- J\
more St.— Third degree THIS iMn\.lf V
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master. HARRY BAEHR,
■"'■ *■■'■- Secretary.
ODD FELLOWS' day-Grand anni-
versary picnic at Shell | Mound 4S5*25Kr-'
Park. TUESDAY, April 26 I^SSS^
Games, races, gate prizes, music ■'w>«w'*
and dancing. Visit the Patriarchs Militant
and Rebekahs. Come one. come all and have
a good time. Entire proceeds in aid of Or- I
phans Home at Gilroy. Admission 25c. Chll-
dren under 12 years free.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 12. K. of P sr
will hold a called meeting MONDAY „ j^,
i E\EMNG. April 25. at 8 o'clock. ■ <T»6<&f
! A. F. WADE. C. C. J&^.'-l
CH , E , APK J ?T and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address ln the Un.,.-u
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Miss R. Cleveland from" the East— Baths,
massage ; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
MISS R. DUVAL, just from the East; expert
chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3
223 Post st.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
BOOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 2SOS Twenty-fourth. -
HAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader
208 O'Farrell st., room 2.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 10, 211 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
trlc vapor. 204 Sutter St.; 2d floor.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120'j Geary st., room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
. Post st.. room 10, second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine oassage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2. •-..■/ .-••.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
batlw. 15^. Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. SO (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon- '
day, May 2, IS9S. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, April 26, IS3S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATwNS WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH second girl, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
318 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS ' German cook and housework
girl desires situation: 2H years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at cooking and housework, $10 to $15; refer
j ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
; FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in hotel
I or boarding house; country preferred. MISS
] CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring flrst-clasfi help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing your orders to MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St., or phone Grant 120.
SWEDISH house girl, strong and willing; good
cook; best references; city or country; $15 to
$20. Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl, with 4
years' references. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sut-
ter st.
AT the German Employment Offlce, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. a
number of first-class girls await positions.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, awaiting
situations at Mrs. Hlrd's Employment Office,
631 Larkin st. Telephone Sutter 52.
NEAT young girl. 16 years old. would like plac«
In nice small American family to assist in
housework or help mind a baby; no postals.
Please ca» 694 Zoe st.. bet. Third and Fourth
and Bryant and Brannan.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
second work; country preferred; speaks
French and German. Address or call 917
Larkin st., near Post.
YOUNG Swede girl wishes situation as house-
work in a small American family: wages $20
per month; can do good plain cooking. Call
at 91 Ninth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation at gen-
eral housework; Is a good cook; wages $15.
276 Minna St., near Fourth.
WOMAN wishes a situation in city or country;
will work for small wages. Address 737 How-
ard St.. room 14.
YOUNG girr would like to do light housework
in small family; sleep home. Call or address
43S Fourteenth st. ; city.
NEAT elderly woman wants light housework;
can sleep at home: wages $3 per week or
work by the day. Address E. R.. 1231 Market.
SITUATION wanted by woman 30 years old;
understands cooking and general housework;
good references; wages $20. Box 1697, Call.
NEAT Swedish girl wishes to do general
housework ami cooking, good references, $20.
513 McAllister st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress: good fitter;
sews 50c a day. M. M.. box 1638. Call offlce.
GERMAN experienced lady would like a posi-
tion at general housework and plain cook-
ing in small family or for widower. Call all
day, 11 Bernice St., bet. 12th and 13th.
WANTED, by a competent woman, work by
the Jay: washing or Ironing or houseclean-
Ing: Jl SO a day. Apply 1910 Stelner st., or
send portal.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place to do up-
stairs work In a nice private family; is a
good sewer. Please call at 31 Lafayette St.,
between Howard and Mission, and between
Eleventh and Twelfth.
YOUNG Eastern woman, with child aged 6,
wants position as housekeeper. 615 Polk st.
AN experienced dressmaker desires work by
the day. Address 525 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak Wker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city
-or country. Address box 1749. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wlshos situation for light house-
work. Apply 1185 Florida st.
WANTED— A position ■ good, competent girl
for housework d cocking; wages from $20
to. $25. Call at 647 3ay St.. nr. Leavenworth.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day: good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN, 15 Minna st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of 10
years' experience: good references. Address
8.. box 1, Call offlce. Oakland. vr-^
CHEAPEST ami best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In • the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postaja
free.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 I O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employni'r Offlce; choics
help: tel. Grant 5 Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
WANTED to work for a private family; can
do. all kinds of work; . garder. lng. horses,
cows; willing and obliging: city or country.
Address .1. M. J., 631 Sacramento st.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener with good
references wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 1635, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes posi-
tion coachman: good driver and handy
around place; city or country. Box 171S, Call.
FIRST-CLAferi California cheese maker wants
a situation, or will take charge of dairy
Address C. ; G.. box : l72ii. Call ollice.
YOUNG man desires position as grocery clerk;
experienced; . speaks German; best of refer-
ence: will not work In -> store with saloon
attached. Box 1703, Call offlce.
YOUNG man with knowledge in freehand and
mechanical ' dra'.ving, wishes position in thia
, ' line of work. Box. 1751. all offlce. ■--
COACHMAN, a Dane, competent, reliable, ex-
pert driver, good gardener and milker, wishes
employment: excellent city references. Ad-
dress box; ISOO, Call offlce. ■/.'' ,:, ■'.'
GARDENER, first-class." wants situation; un-
derstands care :of horses and can milk cow;
look more for good home than high wages;
good references. Address O. P., box 1772, Call.-
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter in a fac-
; : tory or Institution or taking small contracts
» or. jobs; needs to work. Address :A. D., 1050
| : Howard st. \ . . •*>
YOUNG man, strong and • willing to • work,
wishes employment: machine shop preferred.
Address box 1756. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
POSITION wanted by a first-class electrician;
conuetent to do any kind of Installment or
repa.r work. Box 1713. Call. '
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes first-class sit-
uation; posted on all the arts. Address box
C. F., Oakland.
GARDENER, understands greenhouses, propa-
gating of plants, vegetable growing, can milk
and take care of horses, wants position; ref-
erences. Gardener, box 1735, Call office.
HOTEL clerk, bartender and solicitor. Address
box 1745, Call office. '
' HUSTLER; record as a collector; first-class
solicitor; can make business; best of city
reference. Address A. 8.. box 1755. Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn general black-
smith trade. Address 2-125 Mission st. ; tele-
phone Blue 441.
A CUTTER and tailor with long experience
desires situation; can furnish references; will
also work on bench. Address box ISOI. Call. j
TO Architects— Position wanted as - clerk of |
j works or superintendent: 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 18 to do any-
thlng. Address ISVa Geneva st.
EXPERIE-NCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman flrst-class
cook: man good toamster, farmer, under- |
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Addreea box 3207. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience:
references. Address box 3250, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient _nd respectable; frea bus
and caggage to and from fer y.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postaga
free.
r^L^ .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
3 SCANDINAVIAN and German second girls, i
$20 and $25; German maid; 5 cooks in Ameri-
can and German families, $30; 2 German and
American nurses, $20; restaurant cook, $7 !
week; 4 waitresses and chambermaids, $15,
$1S and $20; and a large number of girls for j
housework In city and country. J. F. CROS- j
ETT & CO., 316 Sutttr st. '
NEAT young nufsegirl to take the baby out;
$5 a month and a good home. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, $25; nurse, $20; 2 nurse girls, $15
. each. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; 3 cooks, $25 each; house girl, $30.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman for small ranch, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework. Mill
Valley, 3 In family, $15; no washing. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st. |
HOUSE girl, $25. 3 in family, American family;
German house girl. 2 in family, oo washing,
$20; 2 house girls, $15 each; 10 house girls, $20
and $25; young girl, no cooking, $12; second
girl, $12; chambermaid, $20, hotel; 6 women
for country; ' Irish house girl, $25; 3 Irish
house Erirls, $20 eech. MRS. NORTON. 323
Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, must make salads, $25; wait- j
ress, Fresno. $6 week; 4 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; waitress, city, $20; Cham- I
bermaid to wait, $20; chambermaid, $15; res-
taurant waitress, $6; 5 restaurant waitresses,
$5. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
INSTITUTION cook, $20, call early: German
girl. Calistoga, $20; Alameda. $20; Napa, $20;
10 houseglnls. city. $20 to $25; 25 houseglrls,
city, $15 to $20; nursegirl, $20; ironers. $1 to I
$1 50 day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SWEDISH or German second girl, country. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WTITRESS; springs; fare paid; see p.irtv here
between 9 and 10 Monday. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. /
NEAT, refined young girl, care of one grown
child, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged Protestant woman,
ranch, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. •
HOUSEWORK. Alameda. 2 tn family. $251
Napa, $20; Calistoga, $20, and other towns.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25 to $30: French maid, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, 35, no wash; 2 second girls. $20 and $15: i
S housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$23: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— German waitress and seamstress,
city references, $25; French second girl and
sewing, . $20 to $25: Swedish waitress and ]
seamstress. $25; waitress and p. m., $25; sec-
ond nurse, $20; French nurse and second ;
girl, Oakland, $20: girls for housework and i
assist, $25. $20 and $15: nurse girl. 1 child, i
$12. LEON ANDRE. 316 Btockton St.
NEAT Protestant cook and do some housework. I
r.o washing, American family, country town. ,
$25, see lady here Monday morning, 9:30.
MURRAY & READY, 634-0& Clay Bt.
TWO labelers for factory; young nurseclrl,
housework girls and others. MURRAj &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS, second girls, general servant, nurses
and girls to assist wanted to fill positions at
MRS LAMBERT'S Employment, 417 Powell. :
WANTED— second girls, nurse girls. I
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin. ;
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition; ref- :
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladles' Exchange,
New management, 313 Bush St.
WANTED — Neat young girl to assist in gen-
eral housework; 4 in family; wages $15
Apply bet. 10 and 12, 913 Eddy st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and chil-
dren; to go to San Mateo. Call after 10 a. m.,
725 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
mind baby; wages $6; sleep home. Call 923Vs
Folsom st.
WANTED— srlrl; general housework:
small family. Apply bet. 9 and 11, 1526
O'Farrell st.
FRENCH or German slrl for upstairs work,
sewing and care of children. 1130 O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom coats;
pay while learning. 291 Natoma, near 4th.
GIRL, general housework and plain cooking,
small family; wages $15. 1216^ Golden Gate.
.WANTED— Ycung girl about 14 years; light
housework. Apply 2490 Post St.
OPERATOR on custom pants; also appren-
tice. 923H Folsom st.
WANTED— girl to assist In light house-
work. 1469 Ellis st.
GIRL wanted; light housekeeping; good home.
931 Post st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 139
Larkln St., S. MANTINBAND.
GIRLS from 12 to 15 to help on skirts; pay
while learning. S6S Mission st.. room 7.
TAILORESS and finishers on custom coats.
Apply 254 Ellis st.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on
coats. "34 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1410
Hyde st. ' -V .
GIRL to do general housework; references.
Call Cl 3 Ellis st.
TWO waitresses wanted at Model Restaurant,
753 Market St.: call early.
GOOD r. -1 for cigar-store. 25 East st., near
Clay.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning 1622 Bush st.
WANTED-Glrl for general housework; family
of thre* . wages $15. 1530 Grove 6t.
GERMAN-g irl for second work and assist with
children? references. 160S Fell st.
YOUNG llrl (German-speaking preferred) for
light hojisework. 691 McAllister st.
WANTEI|— Sllker on gloves; automatic ma-
chine. X O. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
NEAT yp?jng girl to assist In house workT 2705
Howard st.
YOUNG girl to assist In small family, $15. 417
Powell it. '-
WANTED— first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St.. room 7.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' special lst7 1020 Market
st. ; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN rtreprimaklng an>l millinery: imttitlon*
free: pt.ttern» 25c. ■ ■ Mct'OWF-LI/P. 1"3 Pn«t.
. I«OLP WANTED— MALI..
"-Cyanide processor for flrst-class
mine: I ,-juartz miners, $2 .'.O day. part fare
advanctg; 10 laborers, $1 75 day: 10 tiemakers.
lie, todKi advanced; machinist for country:
young 'Ban for wholesale store. $1 day;
milker, Js2o, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSE'gr & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
'. WANTEJ?— Second butler, }2f> and found; cook
and v.\(<i. country hotel, $50; elevator boy. $10
.and fouyid; restaurant waiter, country. . $35; :
restauraht and hotel waiters, city, and oth-
ers. Ajjply- to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramtfnto pt. ■ 
WANTED— Gardener for nursery. $25: German '
gardener, $30; hostler, livery stable, $30; man
-, -about private place, : i"sn; cook, oyster and
chop house, $40 and found: second cook, $35; ■
waiter, small country place, ■ $20 and found:
waiter, ; $30;- ironer. country. $30: washer,
laundry, city. $35; assistant cook, near city, I ;
$25; chore man.' near city, $10 and found; etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st. X
HELP Continued.
YES "" MONDAY WE WANT
7 Cooks—— 6 ,^, 'J r8
3 Dishwashers — — : Z Bak<--
2 Ironers ■ — — 2 Ironcrs
1 Harness Maker —2 Can Seamers
: 10 Farm Hands— 20 W oodchoppers
36 Tie Ma kers— -W Laborers
] Cheese Maker- — 2 Mllkera
i .2 Blacksmiths for mines 1 Tool Sharpener
j Butter Maker 2 Choremen
i The above named positions range in wages
from $15 to $90 per month and found. Come
and see us. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay gt.
j Telephone Main SS4S.
TO WAR- TO WAR , TO WAR
Employers of Help • ■■
Many thousands now employed. May be some
In your employ will be called to fight for
our common country. Their positions must
be filled. MURRAY & READY, the Leading
Employment Agents, are ready to supply you
With first-class help free of charge. Pleasa
remember, we sent (17,000) seventeen thous-
i and men to different positions in California
! during the year 1897. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. Telephone Main SS4S.
BLACKSMITH for a mine. $3 50 day, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TOOL sharpener for a mine, $3 day. see boss
here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS confectioner and pastry cook
for a hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TWENTY-FIVE railroad laborers to go to-
day; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
TEN railroad teamsters for the coast road, to
go this morning at S o'clock; call early, with
' blankets, ready to start; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GARDENER for country, $25; carpenter, $2 .'.O
a day; ship caulker, $3 a day: waiter, $25:
coal miners by day or ton. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 60S-610 Clay st.
OFFICE clerks,' assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions.
313 Bush st.
185 MEMBERS give written indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st. ..: ■
SECOND man, German preferred; country.
MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell gt.
HOSTLER, $25 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
j WANTED— A neat, respectable, elderly man,
can have a good home by taking care of a
cottage and garden for a gentleman at Fruit-
vale; must be a good cook: references re-
quired. Address S. S., box S, Call office, Oak-
land.
WANTED— Young man In drug store; 1 year
experience; must be well recommended. Cor-
ner Pine and Kearny sts.
TWO stair builders and a few cabinet makers.
Apply McLEOD, 560 Brannan et.. or at nevr
building, corner Market and Sutter sts.
WANTED— Shoemaker to buy a first-class
shop: fine location; good trade. Call at 501
O'Farrell Bt.
i _ .
| STRONG boy. 17 to 18, to learn carriage black-
smithing; recommendation required. 828 Har-
rison st.
TWENTY-FIVE men for Alaska; wages $25 or
work on ship. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
i YOUNG man to learn barber trade In 4 to i
week?. 1542 Market st.
WIRE mattress weaver, hand loom. Call
8188 LUMBER CO., Monday morning.
! WANTED— German first-class waiter. 1534
Kentucky St., Potrero.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 1306 Market St..
cor. Jones.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San.
Francisco; steady work; good wages: only
rood miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515. 32S Montgomery, S. F.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages o£
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, end be h*-
tween 5 feet .'. inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kniw
that Ed Rolkin, r.eno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BOOK compositors wanted. PERNAU BROS.,
543 Clay st:
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 625.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer: must write a good
longhand. Box 1740, Call office.
I BARBER shop for sale. 908^ Howard St.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; 2
.nights 25c or $75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
1 HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
[ eT help. E. SIMON, 643 <Clay st.
J BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. i 7
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13<J.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st^ near
Market; 200 rooms, 23c a night; reading room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-sollng, 35c. 359 Howard st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES and gents to canvas for "The Rent
Saver": salary. The Chicago Parlor Bed
Chair Co.. 14C3 MarKet st.
DO you want employment? Call or address
LEFFLER, 323 O'Farrell St., 7 to 9 a. m.
OUR lady agents are delighted with the new
goods: sales beat record: more agents wanted;
no men. D. W. ROBERTS. 609 Sacramento.
WANTED— Canvassers for coal oil. Apply F.
B. Joyce Oil Co.. Seventh and King sts.
LADY or gentleman: salary and commission.
Apply 136 Ellis st.. bet 1 and 2.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with small capital In wine and
liquor business. Call SIS Valencia st.
LADY partner in large dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor st.
FURNITIIIE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices tn nl! new building. 840 Ml»-
sion *t. : t»!. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to » Mont-
inmfry nt : hiK**«*«t pricfa paid. Tel r>«vt« n.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady desires single furnished room In
private family: state rent. Box 1723. Call.
ROOMS v\i) hoard wir.n.
ROOM for double beds; In family house,
near City Hall. 1463 Market st.
MAN desires lilfht work for his mom, Ad-
dress Stranger, box 1694. Call office.
-WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand tank and windmill.
Address box It.. West Berkeley. : , -;y
WANTED— Ladles' and gents' bicycles. Ad-
' dress Seventh and Market sts.
j^HoTO and magic lantern apparatus; »ecotJ-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. .
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver. caat-oft
clothing bought Ad<i COT, AN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
. keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892: catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
v ersity. law and medical ...lieges; accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc:
riuy nnd evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stauiord professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid • calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3541
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mtn-
lng.mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve :
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109. Taylor, st.
MONTGOMERY. 627, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subacri*-
. tions and want ' ads taken.TH I NESS CHANCES.
ADJUSTABLE window shade holder— Are now
rully prepared to s,-ii State rights on the I
most reasonable terms; this has -no opposl- j
tion: sells at sight; highly appreciated and
mmended by the leadtng people of the
United States and Canada; write at once
and get your choice of Slates. WILKE, 783
Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best paying res-
taurant ln this city; average daily receipts
5i5 per day; owner don't care so much for
the money, but wants an honest industrious
helper. WILKE. 7-:; Market st.
A— S2OO— CORNER saloon with 3 club rooms;
south of Market st.; rent $S0; stock will value
the price; rare chan WILKE, 783 Market.
A— $3<X>o— PARTNER wanted in a 15-year es-
tabli*hed manufacturing business; must be
a first-class mechanic or business man; owner
sruarantees a net profit of $400 per month;
Jibout $10,000 contracts on hand; books open
for investigation; the name of the firm Is
worth the money. Particulars VV iLKE. 753
Market Bt.
#650— CORNER saloon, established and kept by
owner 15 years; one block from Chronicle
building; rent $36; great bargain. See
ILKE, 7fr3 Market st.
$4000— BAKERY and confectionery, connected
with hotel 30 rooms, dining-room, etc., In
lively country town about 50 miles from city;
3 wagons, 6 horses, 3 cows; rent $70; lease-
first-class, paying business; buildings and
furniture new; sickness compels sale. Parti-
culara of ■ ILKi:, "S3 Market st.
$650— PARTNER wanted tn old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Claus
Spreckels building; the best offer for the
right party; clear profit $150 per month guar-
anteed. See WILKE. 753 Market st.
5750— THE best located restaurant on Market
st., doing a first-class paying business; rent
♦!>j; other business compels owner to sell-
a rare chance. WILKE, 753 Market st.
SALOON; only day business; choicest lo-
cation In this city; rent $4'i; daily receipts
5-2; large stock; fine fixtures: owner com-
pelled to leave th city at once. Particulars
\\ ILKE. 753 Market st^
KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22V4
Oeary st. Miscellaneous business chances.'
i^^~S rocery and bar; fine cor.; living rooms.
$»'O— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$326— -Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished flat.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry
office.
$2000— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
$2100— Bookbindery; best equipped on coast.
$4500— Steam laundry; plant and buildings.
$.00— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$130— Corner saloon; value In stock; daily re-
celpts $15; a snap. KREDO & CO.
MEDICAL Mfg Inc.; 25.000 shares; par
value $1; large salary for right man; value I
ln stock. KREDO & CO., 22'-_- Geary St.
190— BAKERY and notions: good living rr>oms;
dally receipts $3. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; cleas $150. KREDO & CO., 22»i Geary.
A— SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners. •
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
$3(.H) — Saloon; old-established: good corner, j
and other bargains in Baloons, bakeries and j
Lurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
FOR BALE— Small manufacturing business;
the only one on the coast; 200 customers;
small capital. : r Eighth st . Oakland.
FOR SALE Small, complete print office;
half original price. 523 Market *t.. room 10.
JIOO—COFFEE saloon at a lorlflce; 134 Powell
st. Apply 527 Mission st.
PAINT shop cheap; or ladders and staging
separate; established 40 years. 50 O'Farrell.
FINE saloon on front for woman or man.
Particulars National Brewery:
SMALL barber shop for sale; nicely fitted. Ad-
dress box 1693, Call.
FOR SALE— Good paying grocery; fresh stock;
fixtures, horse and wagon: doing a good cash
business; satisfactory reasons for selling;
price $S00; or will sell by Inventory; a good
investment. J. P. JOHNSTON & CO.. 572
Broadway, Oakland.
PARTNER In a good manufacturing business; |
capit required, from $5000 to $10,000, full ■
amount to be invested in the business; every-
thing ready to operate; open to fullest inves-
tigation. Address Manufacturer, box 1719,
Call oflice.
M ICO.
LANDS in tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.: large ar.'l small tracts. For further ln-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
SUCCESSFI and tabllshed plumbing
business offered for sale; good opportunity
for one or more parties; good reason for sell-
ing: and crice asked Is all In sicht in up-to-
dsto stock; principals only need apply. Box
1712. Call.
130 GO WILL buy one of the best-paying small I
hotel and saloon businesses in Vallejo: owner |
wishes to retire. Inquire of ~ CHARLES
SEEMAN. .Mfi Kearny st. . V . .-
AN enterprising business man with $300 .for .a '
cash business: only, principals -dealt with; j
merits Investigation. S. Jr.. 313 Bush »t. - |
AN Interest in a good-paying incorporated |
beer-bottling company, having sole agency in i
city. Inquire 152$ Mission st. * • ' '
$lf>0 — NO offer refused; must pell immed v:
laundry route, horse, wagon, etc. Apply 2SS2
Bixtcenth st.
COMPLETELY furnished beer garden and re-
sort to let. MRS. BROCKLEMAN. Lorin.
FOR SALE— Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market St.. basement.
YOUNG man with a little money for milk
business. 1024 Francisco Bt., near Larkin.
3 VALUABLE mother lode mining claims for
sale or exchange. Suite 169, Grand Hotel.
FOR SALE— Millinery store: established for
many years. Box 1730. Call Office.
$475 — CORNER grocery and bar; side entrance;
a bargain; investigate. 619 I'ost st.
$1200— IMPROVED placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
32SS. Call office.
|100 — BRANCH bakery and notion store: 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bath room, stationary
wash tubs; large yard; rent $12; party going
East: must sell this week. S ■'-' Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING parlor cheap; neta $100 month;
210 customers; sickness cause of selling. 106:, j
Washington st.. box 28. j
GROCERY and bar. first-class locatipn; must
be sold: a bargain. Apply P. J. KENNEDY.
20 Front st.
JISO— BARBER shop: 2 chairs; paying; rent $12;
bargain. Apply Call office. ,
BALOON for snle, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st.
FRT'IT store, good trade, transfer corner. Tor
sale. 2622 Mission St., cor. Twenty-second.
GOOD paying restaurant at a bargain. 613
Mi AMi-ter st.
FOR SALE— liargaln: shoe store; best chance
on earth to secure a good-paying business;
choice, location 50 miles from San Francisco: I
population r.ooo: lean stock: can be reduced j
to $4000. Address box 3367, Call Office.
RESTAURANT and 5-roomed flat, hand- I
somely furnished; excellent business; Investi-
gate. Apply at Call office.
YOUR chol of 2 paying restaurants for
sale; reasonable; 511 or 1309 Castro st. Apply
611 Castro st.
$75— Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and !
milk: (rood trade: cheap rent. 521 Howard st. |
CORNER saloon; central location: fine cash !
business; with or without lodclnc-house:
good reason for selling. Call 1019 Franklin
>t . Oakland.
PAYING saloon In North Beach district: sell-
Ing on account r.f sickness. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN <t CO.. Clay st. . .
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose; :
fine location; must be sold. Address S.. cars
of Call agency, San Jose. . 1
TO let-Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
establlßhed; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established ISC!. 319 Pine »t.. city.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st.
C^-FFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento s*..
MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. Clay-Open until 1:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subicrlp-
tlonn and want no's taken.
CARPE- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng Works; cleans, j
n-oves, lays carpe*- C H. STEVENS, Mgr.. !
3S and 40 Eighth Bt.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted - Ith poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
-ating Works, - 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovited like new. .J.
MoQUEEN, 453 tevenaon St.; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter; j
ateL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J- WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
jlng, alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
_KTKATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern . -inn Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth at. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201. .
J. E. MITCHELL Cr-net-Cleaning Co., 2-H 14th
' ?t.; cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 333 Golden
_Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ;
. lr - I-A It KlN— Branch office of The Call; sub- ■
■ _ 'clptlong and want ads taken.
PHYSICIAN'S.
D H. C c O'DO. NELL, ofliee anwT residTncC i
wit Uu-ket; diseases of women a specialty, i *
LOLM.IN HOISTS TOR SALE.
! A- -KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22ft
Genry ct.
ll'i rooms; safe Investment; clears $250...54*j00
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2X>O
10 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis: new and good 325
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms: transient: dears $l"0; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22^4 Geary.
$250— 2S /iuOMS: transient; bipgest snap ever
offered; clears $100. KUEDO & CO.. 22Vx
Geary st.
| DON'T ml/s It: 14-room house, near Powell st. ;
1 clears $50; price S3.'O: part cash. See WIN-
STON & CO., 648 Market St.
WINSTON & CO., Btf MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms: Sutter st. ; offices; payments...! 450
22 moms; central: Al investment; 0n1y... S5O
24 rooms; rent $60; corner; fine 1200
29 rooms; rent JUT. ; very good 45J I
!S rooms; rent $55: Investigate this 350!
j 32 rooms: rent $11)0; clears $100 I
46 ROOMS; sunny corner $1600
18 rooms: corner house: new and good I^oo
17-room house; rent $35: clears $S0 3r,0 i
3S-room house; clears ?100; jdoo cash WOO
7-p" ni fiat; sunny corner 225
! 40-room house; clears $15"; must sell 30m)
I 10-room house: new nnd good: Ellis nt 850 :
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Fell SALE. $2rtoo— 65-room lodging-house, full
and paying must be sold on account of de-
parture; take part trade. Box 2380. Call.
F' >R fine garden loam inquire at GEO. HAN-
ERKPEN. f.lo Guerrero St., near Seventeenth.
SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnished; all rent-
ed Al location; corner house; 2 entrances.
Apply at Call office.
furniture: fou sale.
FOR SALE— Furnished cottage of 5 rooms;
c 'mplete for housekeeping; cheap rent: no
agents. Apply 1412 Jackson, from 1 tn .', p. m.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale cheap. IS6
Shipley St.. corner Fifth.
l.'i ELEVENTH Branch . ifflce of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
' CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and I
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work nut $1M
of their fare, via St. Michael; leave May 1.
i Apply The Gnld Star Co.. Mills building. San
Francisco.
WANTED— Reliable man to sell right to pat-
; ent of portable folding boat; just the thing
for Klondike; patent applied for: good induce-
[ ment to right man. Bos I'">7J, Call office.
1 FOR Sale— Cheap: 2 tickets bark Northern
Light, Kotzebue Sound. 116 Berry st., nr. 3d. |
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen i
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sal" H G SHAW, 4 Sutt-r st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 I
cash and $<! per month, we ask you to investi- j
gate and approve this method. Prices are the i
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and j
$;. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all \
grades and prices. Terms easy ; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NKW GOODS. NKW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene
Mora, at the Orpheum. prefer the Crown
piano. So will you If you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO.. 21R Post St.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a C'.ickering for
$0(1; oxamlne list of bargains his week. THE
F. W SPENCER CO., MS Market st.
SOHMSR ft CO Byron Mauiy Newby. Evans,
BrlgKs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post St.
FINE Deck»r upright piano; bargain; owner
leaving city. 1012 Polk st.
A FINE Chase Bros, and a Stelnway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINK upright piano sacrificed for cash: any
reasonable offer entertained. 533 Castro st.
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St.. flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, vpry cheap. IS McAllister
H . pex_t Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
HORNUNG's new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 218 McAllister st.
SPECIAL lo,w prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7f° Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up:
apply on Kale. "HEINE, 13t> Ellis ft.
AGENCY. Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. $24 Post
KNABE pianos; new scale: :ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ;.nd new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HCRSBS.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all j
kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales
yards, 220 Valencia St., T. P. NEVILE.
40 HORC..S for sale; also wagons, buggies, i
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- i
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. BULLTVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers, j
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys
for sale cheap. Horan's Yds.. 10th & Bryant.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: auction, every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SI'ECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. Jll Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's nnd milk wagons cheap i
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and opeo
buggy: also 1 hack f>2B Harrison Bt.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A— sloo "COLE" banjo, considered the finest
make; finished In the most elegant style; will
t.e slaughtered for ?3C. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
(irant aye.
A 20-MTLE power field and marine glass for
$10; cost $30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAP a Phoenix bicycle In perfect order.
Apply box I'i'-', Call office.
BOILERS engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNCH 29 feet long; Al model: oak top
strake: sugar pine deck and covered in; with
or without engine. Apply at 4 Falmouth st.,
7 to • p. m.. or Lee's Boathouse. Long Bridge.
FOR SALE— Counters, art-glass, sidewalk ele-
vator, granite steps, etc.. at the Louvre,
corner Powell and Eddy sts.
FOR saJe cheap, young fresh Jersey cow; yel-
low. Drug store, near 26th-st. hospital.
PHYSICIAN'S Harvard chair in leather, per-
fect. $25; cost $75. 424 Tehama.. near Fifth.
LAUNDHY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new. 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
uffW furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above nixth.
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
nnd 2-bowl barber washstands cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gat- aye.
$55— Upright piano; good condition: $5 <lown. $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, bilts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J^ 11. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; TeL So- 787.
SAFES— New nnd second-hand: cheaper than
■ ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPIIOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
SEWIXG MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. j
TYI'EW ItITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and unted; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER *: CO., l! 0 Montgomery
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market sC
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALABAMA, 1119. near Twenty-fourth— Lower
flat, 4 rooms and bath: $14.
! ALL OVER TOWN !
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. __________
CLARA. 126— House, bath: large barn, 7-stall i
stable; covered yard; together or separate.
ELEGANT 8-room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
LAGUNA, 1715— House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
NATOMA, 252, near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderlck st.. near McAllister.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, near Hampshire— «
rooms; yard; rent $16. :•'.:.:.-.".;"■'-'■"■
j $26 50—15 OAK st., near Market; 8 rooms and
bath.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
! AT Sutter, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please Investi-
i gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
?25— HOUSE in Berkeley, comfortably furnish-
: ed; piano, bath and all improvements; very
handy to station. Address box 1760, Call.
$100 A MONTH, furn!s*hedTlO rooms and bath.
Mi) Taylor st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1310— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
COLLINS, 111. near Geary— sll; bay-window
cottage; nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
SUNNY cottages of 4 *.nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th St., near Dolores,
FL.--TS TO LET.
A — We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent,
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market s-t.
A RARELY beautiful flat; N\V. cor. Sutter and
Scott; big rooms: $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
CAPP, 020, near Twenty-fourth— Flat 4 sunny
rooms and bath.
CHEAPEST Rats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
! and bath; rent $13 and $20; Capp St.. bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT, 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
FOLSOM. 2552— Three rooms and bath; rent
very cheap. Apply MADISON ft BURKE.
GEARY, 1909— bay-window flat. 5 rooms
and bath. $15. •
HAIGHT, 792, corner Scott— sunny modern
new fiat, 7 rooms and bath.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
33 Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NEW flat of 7 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements. 3435 20th st., near Capp.
NICE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; stable for
; 2 horses: rent reasonable. Cor.. Twenty-fifth
i and Bryant sts.
NINETEENTH, 3984, corner Lovely sunny
I lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
OAK, Modern sunny flat, 7 rooms; rent
reduced.
PEARL, 27, oft Market, near Valencia— Upper
flat of 3 sunny rooms In rear, $S.
PINE, 1225. near Hyde — Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent $18.
POND. 47. oIT Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
Jl5; water free.
SEE at once that corner flat. I^eavenworth and
Jackson sts. ; 7 rooms, bath, etc. newly
tinted and painted; also upper flat, 1219 Jack-
son st.; lowest rent ln the city. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
STEVENSON, 733— Flat, 7 sunny rooms and
bath, including 2 kitchens; rent $16.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan — 5 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms. In good order; 1259 Fol-
gom Ft., near Ninth; rent cheap; also store
and 3 rooms, yard and celler; rent $12; 1257
Folsom st.
$15 FLAT, double parlors, dining room and
kitchen. . 45 Herman St., Junction Market and
Valencia.
$12— NICE sunny flat for Bmall family; bay
view; 3 rooms, bath, porch, basement, back
garden; water free; 111 Cherry st. Apply 112
Golden Gate aye.
j $1S — SUNNY flat, C rooms, enamel bath and
sink: all modern Improvements: with room
; for horse and wagon; $20. Apply 141 Chat-
tanooga, st.. next door. ...
$10— CHEAPEST rent in city; 5 sunny rooms
and bath. 837 Alabama st. . .
$20 — NEW, 'rrfodern' 'sunny flats", v choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
$25 AND $22—2 modern flats of 5 and '6 rooms;
separate yards. K«"y 1519 Broadway. '
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. v
KL'RMSIii l> 1-XATN.
BUSH. 12r",\4-To rent, furnlsh.ll flat of 4
rooms and bath.
SIS GROVE, bet. Webster and Flllmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano: >wer garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given and required.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms, bath, piano, tele-
phone. basement, yard: "elegant." 715 Taylor.
$55— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce St., cor. McAllister. No
! admittance without p-.-mlt from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
I EDDY, 604— Large sunny bay-window parlor
with kitchen; also single rooms.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rocms; upper flat; $10.
! FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front housekeeping rooms;
stove; closet: bath; private; $10; also front
bay-window room and kitchen; complete; $12.
FOLSOM, 525— Larre sunny furnished room-
light housekeeping; $1 50 a week.
FOLSOM. 646— Nice large front suite, complete
for housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
I FOLSOM, 853—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, unconnected; cheap.
FOLSOM. 1133—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; nice yard.
FULTON. 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, ttUVs— comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 622—3 sunny furnished
housekeeping' rooms; parlor -floor.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
S-room suites, with gas stove.
HOW A RD. Sl!» (The Hanover)— Two nicely fur-
ntsliod sunny housekeeping rooms, $10 per
month. • .i ...
HYDE. 6>s— Front suite furnished for light
housekeeping; rent {12. ,
LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
MARKET. 1025— 3 rooms, furnished complete
$12; part rent taken ln board.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap; also double and single.
MISSION. Completely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms: gas and bath; quiet.
NATOMA. 917— Front room for housekeeping $4.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping; running water: stove.
NINETEENTH, 4134. corner Castro— 2 front
sunny unfurnished rooms for housekeeping
$7; or furnished, $10; use of kitchen. $2 extra'-
bath and garden.
O'FARRELL. 431— Sunny suite of rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
POINT LOBOS aye.. 1819. corner Eighth— Fur-
nished or unfurnished rooms; very reasonable.
POLK. Front sunny furnished rooms;
large and small; housekeeping; $4 & upward.'
POLK. 1502—2 or 3 furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms; upper flat.
SEVENTH, 211—2 unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7. '■ : ? ;■■'"*. ■--.-
SIXTEENTH. . 2009, corner Mission— Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
yard: rent $8. ■ ' : ■
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 611, near Pine— Floors of 3 unfur-
nished, and suite 3 furnished; garden.
TEHAMA, 740— Housekeeping room to let, sult-
able for a small family; also furnished rooms.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice, large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Nice sunny house-
keeping rooms; grate and running water;
ront reasonable.
TWELFTH. Nicely . furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms. . ■ : : .. "*• .
UNION. 7*2— Furnished and unfurnished rooms
to let. .. ... -\ .
VALENCIA, 1175— Furnished sunny front rooms;
bay window: - housekpjr: convenient: bath. '
' , ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton. St. Trunks
. moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Maln49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-clua*
,in every respect; terms . reasonable. " .' ;.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
faclnc plaza; baths; by. day or month.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references giver.. ';;;■-
CARLOS place, 4, off O'Farrell, above Powell-
Sunny furnished rooms. $4 and $5.
' DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished . singl*
and double rooms. $S and $10 mo.: nice suites.
j EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
■ tleman; $5 50.
' EDDY, Large and small rooms; new furnl-
| ture. closets; running water; bath; 36 to $10.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6; families. .
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and nultes for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nlshed rooms. ■■
FULTON, 3. opp. City Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and ga».
GEARY, 556— Large eunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; Is month up.
GEARY. 622— Large punny bay-window room;
also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 733- Private: bright suite and 1 single
room; newly furnished. ■
i HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S - 200 roomsT
i eulteE; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 762—2 furnished front large rooms,
single. $3 and $4 per month.
HYDE, 609: Sutter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice an.l sunny; reasonable.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
| vate; quiet family; $14 a month.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3: suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 611— Nicely furnished sunny
I back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 667, cir. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 it week.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room. Jl-; other rooms, $S and $10. j
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny jHiites and
single rooms; bath and gas: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 424—2 or 3 comfortably furnish-
ed sunny rooms to let; reasonable; private
family.
POST, — Newly furnished sunny rooms.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect.
PROSPECT place, 123— Two double front rooms,
$6 and $S; single room $4; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms; $1 per week up. .
STEVENSON, 253, between Third and Fourth-
Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors.
STEVENSON, 042, bet. 7th and Bth— Furnished
frnnt room for 1 or 2; housekeeping If de-
sired; bath; central.
SUTTER. 407—2 single rooms, $5 each.
BUTTER, 715-717-719: Hyde. 609— Furnished and
unfurnished: choice nnd sunny, reasonable.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean, comfortable rooms: sin-
gle, suites, also housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms; furnished.
WALLER, 731— Large front bay-window room.
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room; closet;
bath: private. 314 Fifth st.
HOARDING AM) ROOMS.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mizpah)— A qih>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite: exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished double parlor; every-
thing very latest; suitable for a doctor or
dentist; Including t;reakfa*t; tel. 822 Bush st.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE, 925^ — Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; lect location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table ooard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rates. Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
BUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms: f.rst- i
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
\\AN.JNESS aye _<voS—ne.aitlful,, sunny rooms;
modern; . newly, furnished; ; with board.
EI.KVKNTH. 106-^Braneh office of The Call.
Pubscriptlorts and want ads taken. ;-';■
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
board: healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1725, Call Office.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's car»; references. 234V4 Sixth «c.
STORES TO LET.
STORE, 2 rooms, basement, yard; fixtures If
desired. 3fi6 Third St.
TO Let— Store, 226 Ellis st. ; rent $15.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write: free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects' taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. i
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause) j
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used:
home In confinement; cure $5; pills $1: every
case guaranteed: consultation free and con-
fidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femals
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or dlscour-
eged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22C Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities: any cause: restores strength and
i vigor of organs: unexcelled; IB years' prac-
tice: home: best skill; low fees: pills, $2,
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
' may be: treatment by mall, or call at Pr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
BURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments: every - woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cavise); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation ' free: hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 111S Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 80. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X Bt.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. .
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, «afe : rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 2:i4Vi Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 10G— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads tnken. '
LOST.
LOST— cape, silk lined, with tails, bet.
Blanklns and Baden. -, Return to 456 Eighth
st.; reward. :.:'
LOST— A society receipt book. Please return
-to 1365 Market St., barber shop. :
LOST— Japanese spaniel. Return to 906 Devis-
adero st. : liberal reward. .  .. ;
LOST— April 24, Cleveland bicycle. '98 model;
plate No. 39: No. 157.605. DAVIS. 506 Jones.
STORAGE. "' . . '■ i
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission st.. at ye Sixth; open evenings. ,
AT lowest rate:— Household goods, pianos; ad-
. vances made: fireproof building. F. \V.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 1821. :
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office/Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
X2l Sixth et.. ooen eveninga.  ;
BUSINESS PERSONALS. 4
: THE unprecedented success of my additional
''. balconies may force more Improvements;
halrdressing. 25c; good . switches, $1; best,
finest Quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long. $5;
I open Sundays from 9to 12. G. LEDERER.
11l Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
i rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC llshts in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
loc to.sl 50 pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly 919
Broadway, moved . to 1155 , Washlneton St.,
Oakland; new stock stationery and notions.
Mi:S. JOHNSON, masspur electrician, forcner-
'ly of Oakland baths. US Grant aye.-, office 10.
1 QUINONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Ladies' Barber-shop has removed from
352 Third st. to 316 Third.
!
FLESH reduced, natural process: lady and
I gentleman attendant. O. S., box. 1754, Call.
' MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
! trical water treatment: office 10, 118 Grant ay.
! STAMMERINGand stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d St.. Oakland. Cal.
i CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th nnd <th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladlea' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
■ ■ CLAIRVOYANTS.
1 MRS. DR. F. CLARK,' the distinguished tranc«
; clairvoyant and medium; while entranced shs
; will leveal every hidden mystery lr! life; she
i will show you how to overcome your enemies.
. remove family ..troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms • MRS. DR. F. CLARK, roomi
25 and 26. 1206 Market st.. opn. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE, 1346 Market, rooms 1
and The wonderful' trance medium can be
consulted on all the affairs of life; can read
your thouchts; tell lust what you want to
know; removes evil influence; locates buried
treasures; If in bad luck she will change it
for you; letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp; ladles f>o cents.
MME. -PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and Becond sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, andclairv.islt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist: card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st.,
room 10. . - ' ■
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23V. Sixth, rm. 6.
CLAIRVOYANT and card reader: ladies or
gentlemen, 25c. 424 Tehama »t.. near Fifth.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. ,
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to ,
all questions: L.. 25c: G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th. :
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: businesi '
advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. PR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession; never falls: advice: ielp. 929 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
frpo.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELEY will hold a test circle to-night
at 1133 Mission St.; tests to all.
CAL. Hall. Oakland. Clay and Eleventh. MME.
YOUNG'S meeting to-night; 10c: boy orator.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings $1; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. 3. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st.: old No. 218.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123»,t Sixth St., room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent Blate-writln* me-
<Hum. 11K TT-iight st. ■.■■■■•-■-
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402H Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, J5; Fee new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 60c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays. 9 to 1.
a 69 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per *et; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
lst, discoverer of painless extraction ■ and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 0 t£ 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 23c up; all . work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Sl9 Market, Academy of
Sciences blJg., sth floor: painless dentistry.-
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st ■ "
1 SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6\b per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel.- South 14. __ ■•
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Keorny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
■ WANTED — To buy second-hand pianos for
cash. 136 Ellis st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.'. 32S Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis. ; low interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgnges, ostßtes In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 50S California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal : lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY "WANTED."
WANTED— To borrow $2600 on good security.
Address 607 Sansome st. . '
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on • real estate, bonds, : etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery »t.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office.; 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
*crtptlonß and wnnt nds taken.
" LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of MARY GOFF.
deceased— is hereby given by the un-
dersigned. A. C.'FREESE. administrator of
the estate of MARY GOFF, deceased, to the
•creditors of and ■ all persons having claims
against , the said deceased to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
| months after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administrator, at room 35.
Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, the same being his place for
the transaction of the • business of the said
entate in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California.
A. C. FREESE,
Administrator of the estate of MARY GOFF,
,-."■■ deceased.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administra-
tor. .--■' :■ . . .. : ■,-■.■■ .- . ■ . ■- ■: ■
1 Dated at San Francisco. March 2«, IS9B.
... - . . . ■--,-■-. ■ . " ■ ■ . ■ ■
CITY RE. -L ESTATE.
$2100— CHEAP modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath:
3755 Twet.ty-third st., near Chattanooga; easy
terms. Apply E. E. AUBRY & CO., 2245 Mis-
slon st.. between Eighteenth and Nln»teentn.
NICE home. $300: several fine level building
lota. $123 up. Red Flag. Six-Mile Station, San
Bruno road. Howard-st. cars.
COTTAGE. S rooms, bath and all the latest
Improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
• Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison st., bet.
21st and 22d. ■ ■ ■ - .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$2500—4 ACRES, black loam; 5-room hard-fin-
ished house; barn and chicken house; 15
minutes' walk from postofflce: will trade for
house in Western Addition or Mission of San
Francisco. YOUNG & BINACHI. Petaluma.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in the State: plenty
feed; 1000 acres; on the coast: near -rail road.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT. Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
60 ACRES. Contra Costa County; all in choice
fruit and bearing; will sell on very easy
terms: must be seen to be appreciated; will
subdivide if required; age ot trees 8 to 5
years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles
from S. P. denot; 2 hours' ride from San
Francisco. Address G. S., Brentwood P. O.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $28 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LAHKSPIR REAL ESTATE.
15^A7^FTnrT5TiMl^TN"LTRTc^PU R.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market Ht.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSE and large lot in Napa City, clear, for
city property. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
$1800— LOT 25x125. with house of 6 rooms; brick
, foundation; high basement; street graded and
sewered; in San Francisco: exchange for 1 to
3 acres of improved land with house of 5
or C rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
ain View. Address box 1764. Call office. .
I OAKLAND ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
COMPLETE chicken ranch in Frultvale. now
ready for the business. It is the best sec-
tion in the State for chicken raising; rent $5
per month, or will sell at a bartraln and on
terms to suit buyer. H. Z. JONES, Owner, i
45fi Seventh St., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
PLEASANT rooms: one of the most desirable
homes In Oakland: near narrow gauge sta-
tion. 1425 Franklin st.
FURNIFHBD rooms for rent In Abrahamson
bldg. SE. cor. 13th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
BAY-WINDOW ruite; stab, dentist's office;
also complete housekper r: is. 856 Broadway.
TRANSIENT rooms, 50c to $1 night; also by
the month. S2l Mark»t, % block from station.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur-
nished; with or without board. NW. corner
10th aye. and 11th St., E. Oakland, nr. station.
ELEGANT sunny suite: hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, £62 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board; private; large yard.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROO3IS.
FIFTEENTH, 615— Sunny furnished flat; three
hkpg rms: bath; central; grounds; $20; adults.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household ; goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh «t.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhe.use.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; cood house ot
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage o( 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— $150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and Mgn school.
; $3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOftEAL & CO.. 1432 Park Bt.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR RENT— Furnished or unfurnished: 1 or 2
year?: new house; 7 large sunny rooms: all
latest Improvements; large lawn: nice neigh-
borhood; near Enclnal station. 137S Weber st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ATTENTION! people who are looking to lo- :
cate in the college — S-room story-and-
half cottage on the best NW. cor. south of
U. C, and 1 block east of Telegraph aye.;
house In perfect order; nearly new; hand
frescoed and electric fixtures throughout; one
of the choicest small houses in Berkeley.
Write or call on M. L. WURTS, 17 Broad-
way, Wurts block.
Also elpsrant lot north of the U. C. ; fine
view; "Scenic Tract"; mak« an offer. M. L.
WURTS. .
ONLY $300 down will buy a fine modern almost
new cottage of 7 rooms, bath, stahle, etc;
balance monthly payments: only four min-
utes' walk to station; see It. JAS. S. NAI-
■ SMITH, 4C4 Ninth St., Oakland.
MUST b<? sold; S lots, each 25x125: sewered and
all ready for building; only 8150 each; also a
comfortable 4-room cottage; lot 40x130; street
work done: close to cars: only $S00; a snap.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
i .
NEW house of S rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
GO to Frultvale 'to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station; easy rental terms; 4.
5 and 6 rooms; also lots $100 up; D. Pratt.
Frultvale. MCCARTHY CO..- 640 Market. S. F.
prToposalsT
TO BUILDERS— SeaIed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common
Schools in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation on WEDNESDAY. April 27. ISi'S. at
3:30 o'clock p. m., for repairing the brick
chimneys, pediments, etc.. In the Girls' High
School building on Scott and Geary streets.
In conformity with the specifications to be
seen at, the office of T. J. Welsh, architect
of said board, room 95, Flood building. ■
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check in the sum of two hundred and
fifty (250) dollars, made payable to the order
of the Secretary of the Board of Education,
conditioned that if the proposal bo accepted
and the contract awarded, and If the bidder
shall fall or neglect to <--'-?ute a written
agreement and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then
and In that ca.«e the said check shall be lur-
feited to the Board of Education.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, as the public good may require.
The party to whom this contract is awarded
■will be required, ■ prior . to or at the time of
execution of the contract, to pay the cost
of advertising. ' ■:.'
CHARLES W. WELCH. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be ■ Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
HANEY— In Eureka, April IB9S, to the wife
of Patrick S. 'Haney. a daughter. .:';.*
HOMMER— In Pine Grove, April 20, 1898, to
the wife of John Hommer, a son.
LONG— In this city, April 24. ISSS, to the wife
of C. H. Long, a son. -
LACHMAN— 24, 189 S. to the wife of Ru-
dolph Lachman. a son.
McCOY— In Eureka, April 16. 189S, to the wife
of J. S.- McCoy, a son. ;
SPRING— In Santa Maria. April IS, 1898, to the
wife of A. J. Spring, a son. ..
TOWNLEY— In this city, April 19. IS9S, to the
wife of J. A. Townley, a son.
WILSON— In Fort Jones. April 17, 1898. to the
wife of W. A. Wilson, a son.
WILLIAMS— Near Snnta Maria. April 18, 1398,
to the; wife of Manuel Williams, a son. i
• MARRIED. ~"~
CULP— WRIGHT— In Pacific Grove. April 20
IS»S, C. A. Culp and Daisy D. Wright, both
of Pacific Grove.
HODGES— MORGENSEN— In Eureka/ April
_20, 189.5. by the Rev. Griffith Griffiths. Wil-
liam C. Hodges and Dora Elizabeth Moreen -
sen. .'
PAINE— HENDRY— In this city. April 23
IS9S. by the Rev. A. Doane, Frank W. Paine
and Eugenic F. Hondry. » 
DIED.
Attwood. Melville Hughes, John W.
Abrahams. Louis . Healy, Thomas
Burke. Mrs. Eliza Lang. Margaret
Blester/Louise McGlew. Thomaa
Bauer, Christian Murphy. Bridget
Brennan, Mary Moore. John O.
Barman. Benjamin O'Day, Annie
Cook, Jane . Sadler, Caleb
Chamclln, Sarah A. Stolte. Anna
Dunn, Mary . Sannes. Andrew
Davis,' Charles C. .- Stack, Helena
•Dunn,' Mrs. Eliza- J.- Tuggy. Marjory R.
Elliott. Thomas J. Tipping. William
Gilley, Ethel M. Williams. Frank S.
ATTWOOD— Berkeley, April 'Ji, 1898, Mcl-
vllle, father of Frank and George Attwood
and Mrs. Porter Holmes, a native of
Stowbridge, Worcester, England, aged S6
years S months and 23 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 21.V4 University avenue, thence to St.
Marks Episcopal Church, where services
wjll be held at 10:43 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate.
ABRAHAMS— In this city. April 21, IS9B, Louis
Abrahams, beloved father of Mrs. D. Eisner
of ChiCO, Mrs. .T. L. Graf. Mrs. J. A. Herz-
berg and Mrs. Charles Cooper of New York,
and «Vbe. Mose. Joe. Harry, Blanche and
Rose Abrahams, a native of Kalish. Poland,
aged K4 years 2 months nnd 9 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at '.' o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, &3S McAllister street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery by 3:30 train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BURKE— In this city, April 23, IS9S, Mrs.
Eliza, beloved wife of the late James. Burke,
and loving mother of Thomas F., John C.
and Cornelius .1. Burke and Mrs. Joseph E.
Seyner, a native of Ferjnoy, County Cork,
Ireland, aged i>6 years.
(CyFriends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at }:#G o'clock, from the residence
of Mis .1. eph F.. Seyner, ISI Albion avenue,
between Sixteenth anil Seventeenth Ftreets,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing; at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
BIESTER— In this city. April 22, 189S, Louise,
dearly beloved wife of William Blester
mother of Elsie and Fred W. Biester, ar.'S
sister of Mrs. A. Kupinsky, and Emil Wiege/
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 36 ye» .>
7 months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . aneral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1122 Leavenworth street, corner of
tsacrimento. Interment I. O. O. F. Ccrao-
tery.
BAVICR— In East Oakland. April 22, 1898,
Christian Bauer, father of Flora E., Louise
R. and George C. Bauer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years 9 months and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at ll o'clock, from Zion Lutheran
Church, corner Twelfth and Myrtle streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
BRENNAN— In this city. April 23. IS9S, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Michael Brennan.
mother of Stephen. Michael and Alice Bren-
nan. daughter of Stephen Peters, and sister
of John Peters, Mrs. J. W. Ryan and Mrs.
H. McMenamin, a native of the parish, of
Thurles, County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 33
years 9 months and 2o days.
ET'Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. J. W. Ryan. 3623 Nine-
teenth street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Nineteenth
and Guerrero streets.
BARMAN— In Eureka, April 20. 189 S. Benjamin
Barman, a native of Marysville, Cal., aged
40 years 4 months and 10 days.
COOK— this city. April 23, IS9S. Jane Cook,
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Ambrose, and
grandmother of Florence, Arthur E . Harriet
J. and Isabel Ambrose, a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged S4 years.
ET'The 1 * funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 5.30 o'clock, from the residence
of htr daughter, Mrs. E. Ambrose. 1012 Flor-
ida street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CHAMPLIN— In Sonoma, April 23. IS9B. Sarah
A., beloved mother of A. W. Champlin. aged
77 years and s months.
DUNN— the City and County Hospital. April
24, 1898, Mary Dunn, a native of Knsland,
aired 67 years.
DAVIS— In Etna. April 19, IS9B. Charles Creed
Davis, aged 5 years and 5 months.
DUNN— In this city. April 23, IS9B, Mrs. Eliza
Jane, beloved wife of the late Daniel Dunn,
a native of Albany, N. V., aged 74 years and
8 months.
(TT'Frif'niis a:nl acquaintances are r<"sper«-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Jie residenca
of her friend. Mis. Fuller, 27""'- Mission
street. Interment I. O, O. F. Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In this city. April 24, 18y8. Thomas
J.. dearly beloved son of Thomas and Lena
Elliott, a native of Washington, aged 'J
and 2 days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. I-. Bollard, 1139 Pacific street, near
Jones. Interment I^aurel Hill Cemetery.
GILLEY— In this city, April -23. 1888, at the
residence of her parents. S3O church street,
Ethel Marguerite, only daughter of Frank A.
and Mary Gilley. aged 12 years 7 months and
9 days.
(T-T" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to at nd the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from Trinity Pres-
byterian Church, corner Twenty-third and
Capp street. Interment Cypreaa Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car.
HUGHKS— In this city. April 24. IS9S. John
Wesley, beloved son of Annie and the lat*
Captain John Wesley Hughes, stepson of A.
Sorich. ami brother of Mrs. William H. Tay-
lor. Amy Hughes and George Sorich. a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 22 years 10 months
and 2S days.
C7 Notice t.f funeral hereafter.
HEALY-In the City and County Hospital,
April 21. 1598, Thomas Healy, a native of
Connecticut, aced 58 years.
LANG— In the City and County Hospital. April
24, 1898, Margaret Lang, a native of Ireland,
aged .Vj j ears.
McGLEW— In this city, April 24, 1898, Thoms_>.
beloved husband of the late Ellen MeGlew,
and father of Mrs. James and John and An-
nie McGlew. a native of Massachusetts, aged
70 years.
diT'The funeral will tal;e place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 157."» Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment pri-
vate in Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, April 23. 1«! OS. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late James Murphy, and
aunt of James Qui^ley and Mrs. Julia Levy,
a native of County Kilkenny. Ireland.
IC7" Friends and acqnaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thlß day
(Monday), at !«.:<0 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing <.t 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
MOORE— In this city. April 24. 180 ft, John Os-
born, beloved husband of Bertha Moore, and
son of Mrs Susan M Moore, a native of
Buffalo, X. V.. aged 53 years 4 months and
IS days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ?27 Geary street. Interment I, O. O.
F. Cemetery.
A. O. U. W -Washington Lodge No. CO. A. O.
U. W. : Officers and brothers are requested
to attend the funeral of nur late brother,
John O. Moore, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 927 Geary
street. W. H. PORTER. Recorder.
O'DAY— In this city. April 24. IS9S. Annie, be-
loved wife of the late Thomas O'Day, and
dearly beloved mother of James, Frank. Jo-
seph and Annie O'Day and Mrs. Minnie Mul-
lins and the late Mrs. Masgle O'Neil. a. na-
tive of County Longford. Ireland.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 1 30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ISM Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where services will he held
for the repose of her soul, commencing: at 2
o'clock, interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SADLER-In St. Helena. April 23. 1898.
Caleb Sadler, beloved husband of Lydla
B. Sadler, and father of Charles 34.,
Frank E-, William T. Sadler and
Mrs. S. G. Nelson, Mrs. P.. K. Denbegh and
Mrs. W. J. Phillips, a native of Birming-
ham, England, aged C 3 years 5 months and
7 days.
[rXFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Con-
gregational Church. Berkeley. Interment
private.
STOLTE— Near Los Gatos. at Oak Rl-lge
ranch. Anna, beloved wife of Ferdinand
Stolte, a native of Germany, aced 33 years
11 months and 7 days.
CyFriends and relatives are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of E. E. Place. Interment at
LO3 Gatos Cemetery.
SANNES— In this city, April 24, IS9S, Andrew,
beloved son of John and Elizabeth Sannes. a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 7
months.
STACK— ApriI 23. 18 r iR. Helena, eldest daugh-
ter of T. J. and Helena Stack of Berkeley.
CTT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
TUGGY— In Alameda. April 23, ISIS. Marjory
Ramona. beloved daughter of Hannah and
Henry Tugio', a native of Alameda. Cal..
aged 2 years 3 months and 2i) days.
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock. a| the
residence. 881 Oak street. Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
TIPPING— In Eastland. Cal., April 23. IS9S,
William, beloved husband of Rosa D. Tip-
ping (nee Jewel), a native of England, aged
43 years.
[C7'Friends nnd acquaintances arft respect-
fully invited to attend the funprrl to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Foresters' Hall.
102 O'Farrell street, under the auspices of
Court Star of the West No. (SSC, A. O. F.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
ot the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 28C6
Mission street.
WILLIAMS— In this city. April 24. ISOS, Frank
S.. dearly beloved husband of Jessie Wil-
liams, son of Sarah J. and the late Samuel
Williams, and brother of Griffith. John. Ka-
tie and SaJie Williams and Mrs. H. Dean
arid Mrs. P. Pnhnke. a native of Caspar, Men-
(i nino County, Cal., aged 2S years 2 months
and 27 clays.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS &. HMISALMER3
M HFTB ST., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone. South 80.
h. b. m'avoy. .M;ma?pr ■
McflVOY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER^ I
1236 Market SL, between Bth aud ath.
Telephone, South 247. I
1112
SAN FRANCISCO ALERT FOR THE FOE
THE local situation yesterday ex
hibited a high pitch of war feel-
Ing in spite of the fact that it was
Sunday. A number of San Fran
cisco patriots are doing all In
their power to organize companies of
volunteers, and their efforts are meet
ing with success.
The militia boys are expecting to be
called at any moment, while the harbor
defenses are progressing to completion
rapidly wherever a few finishing
touches were necessary.
A casual study of the sermons and
lectures delivered in the city shows
that speakers all take the point that
this war is one for the rights of man.
Without going into legal details the
general tendency of the sermons and
lectures delivered in the city was to
the effect that the cause of the United
States rests on the broad grounds of
Christianity and humanity, and while
many deplored the horrors of war as
a remedy for the evils of the situation
all agreed that severe measures are at
times necessary to stamp cmt old
abuses and inhuman methods of perse
cution.
EXPECT ORDERS.
Governor Budd Waiting to
Hear From the War
Department.
It was a quiet flay at the adjutant
generaTa beadquartera yesterday. As
had been expected by the Governor and
his staff, no orders were received from
the War Department at Washington, D.
c. bo another day of anxious vigil was
the reward of th>>se who patiently waited,
hoping that the eagerly awaited orders
might come.
The local press announced that Califor
nia's quota of men that she will be re
quired to furnish under the army volun
teer bill Is 2238. This was the subject "of
much discussion at headquarters, as the
adjutant-general ami Captain Carrington
arc unable t<> ascertain upon what basis
the Government figures this to be the
number <'f men which the State will be
: upon* to furnish. If the census of
1890 is taken as the basis, and it is un
od that the call Is based upon the
population of each State at that time,
then California's quota will be 2411 men.
total population of the United
s was 62,622,250. 'Hi- call is for 126,
men, and California's population In
1890 was 1,208,130. Multiplying the State's
ation by the total number of men
. for and dividing by the entire pop
ulation is the only way tv get each State's
pro rata, and this gives California 2411 In
., Barrett thinks that
I has figured it nut on a
: ut basis uf whicn the officers here
ki!"\v untiling.
Captain J>. A. Smith, the adjutant of
the First Regiment, was at headquar
ters . was Colonel J. \V.
Guthrie of Sacramento, who commands
■■ t. Colonel Banborn
r's staff called upon the
: and tendered Ins ser
vices to s" to the front Immediately.
r McCarthy, surgeon of the First
■ lent, reported that the sanitary
corps of the First was in excellent shape
ready for Immediate service at the
front.
A. J. Coffee of Portland, Or.,
nber of tin- National Guard Veter
ans oi that State, called upon General
Barrett i<> pay his respects.
Governor Budd arrived at headquarters
In the afternoon, lie stated that he had
• Tilers, and that he would not
until lie received instructions from
the Easi !)•• detailed General Warfield,
nborn and Captain Carrington
[tend the Maine benefit at the Co
lumbia Theater and represent him.
E. M. <"herry of Oakland called upon
the adjutant-general anil stated that he
could easily raise 150 men in Oakland,
who were ;<nxi<. u p to enlist and offer their
services !■> the Government. He wanted
to know what he should do, and was told
by the adjutant that he would have to
wait until the War Department was
heard from.
Genera] Barrett stated that from the
number of applications that ho had re
ceived he could safely say that the en
listing of 50,000 volunteers In this State
■1 be an easy matter. He experts to
receive orders from Washing-ton within
the n^xt twenty-four hours, and to-day
will l>e a busy one at headquarters.
EACH TO HIS DUTY.
A Strong Call to Arms
From the Pulpit.
At the Churrh of the Holy Spirit, 2127
Jackson street, Rev. Oliver C. Miller
preached a strong sermon on the war, of
which the following is a part. He took
for his text Joshua x:13:
"And the 6un stood stfH, and the moon
stayed, until the people had avenged them
selves upon their enemies."
"Solomon has said there Is a time for
every purpose under the sun, a time for
war and a time for peace. War is now
the duty of the hour. Let all that is
heroic rise within us. Let each one re
turn to his God and ask, •What wilt thou
have me to do?" and then bravely do It.
"That our world has reached that ad
vanced stage of civilization that does
away with war is a deceptive dream.
The world is still full of brutality, ani
malism and injustice, and blood-letting is
Btili good for nations. The Scriptures de
clare that wars shall increase and in
volve the whole earth, until the second
coming of the Prince of Peace. The name
"Joshua' has come to stand for courage.
It is the same as 'Jesus,' who was the
bravest man that ever trod the earth. To
be his followers we must be brave or our
lives are an absurdity and a lie. Paul,
who stood next to his Master In cour
age, said: 'I count not my life dear unto
myself,' and like his Master laid down
his life in the cause of humanity. Jesus
Was :t patriot.
"The text Is God's indorsement for
righteous warfare. Then let us rally
around our President and say as did the
peopl'- to Joshua, "Slack not thy hand."
Do not let us waste time talking who
fired the lirst shot. That was fired weeks
ago and an awful one It was, hurling 266
of our brave sailors without a moment's
warning before the judgment seat. Our
cause is that of humanity. Jesus the
Captain of our salvation fell upon this
came battlefield. Had we not taken these
steps as a nation it would have been a
shame to have been called an American
citizen. No one can appreciate the bless
ing of good government until It is imper
iled; without it there Is no prosperity
and happiness. It must therefore be
maintained at all hazards. But let us
i dI enter the conflict in a bitter spirit,
but p<i In the Spirit of the Captain of our
Salvation, praying for our enemies. Let
out motto be. 'Pray as you fight and
fight as you pray.' On both sides our
Lord will be with those who are his; and
should they fall, will give them a quick
transit from the blood and horror of the
battlefield into the realms of eternal
peace. It is the same with a nation as
it is with an Individual. Sin means suf
fering. Our nation is not free from sin;
she must therefore suffer and bo purified
as by fire. For nation and individual the
law of eWanslng is the same. "Without
the shedding of blood there is no remis
sion of sins.'
"Yes, let the sun and moon of peaceful
pursuits stand still. War is the duty of
the hour. Let us sacrifice all to regain
that "pearl of great price,' 'a truly pa
triotic and humane spirit.' Let us call
a halt in living for worldly pleasure and
money-making, and let our hearts throb
with higher purposes. As the sweet,
aelf-sacrificlßK spirit of Queen Isabella of
Spain pledged her jewels to give us
America, let us lay upon the altar of
sacrifice all that is dearest to give her
in return a true Christian civilization
The God who stopped the sun to prolong
the victory of Joshua will watch over us
from heaven. Let us make Jehovah Jesus
our Commander, and 'the stars in their
courses that fought against Slsera' will
fight for us. Let us enter the conflict
orayerfully. Let those who stay at home
GENERAL MERRIAM AND STAFF INSPECT THE GUNS.
All Fortifications in the Harbor of San Francisco Visited.
THE GENERAL AND HIS OFFICERS LANDING AT THE PRESIDIO,
When the Government steamer General McDowell cast off from Clay-street wharf yesterday morning at 9
o'clock, there were on board, besides her regular complement of officers and men. General Henry C. Merriam, com
manding the Department of California; Major Thomas H. Barry, adjutant general of the Department of the Col
umbia, and Colonel Suter, of the United States engineer corps. The object of the trip was for the purpose of visit
ing the different fortifications In San Francisco harbor, and to make such observations as may be of advantage to
the military authorities stationed here.
The General McDowell proceeded to the Presidio, stopping at Alcatraz and. Angel Islands and at Fort Mason,
taking on board, at the different points, Major Edward Field, acting adjutant general of the Department of Califor
nia; Colonel Marcus I. Miller, Third Artillery 1 ; Captain Sedgwlck Pratt, Third Artillery, and Lieutenant Eugene
T. Wilson, Second Artillery. Upon their arrival at the Presidio the party was met by Lieutenant Colonel Louis T.
Morris, of the Fourth Cavalry. Immediately upon leaving the steamer the entire party entered conveyances and
were driven to Fort Point, where the ten-Inch, flfteen-lnch and eight-inch muzzle loading guns, the ten-inch and
twelve-inch breech-loading guns, and the dynatmite guns were Inspected, after which General Merriam, and It he
other officers accompanying him, returned to the Presidio, where they boarded the McDowell and were taken to
Lime Point, and a thorough inspection made of the high power guns recently placed there.
The steamer was next headed for Raccoon Straits, where careful and extended observations were made,
presumably for the purpose of selecting an advantageous location for the establishment of a new point of harbor
defense, where it Is expected high power guns will be mounted.
Leaving Raccoon Straits, the McDowell returned the officers to the various posts from which they had been
taken.
No review or display of any kind was made at the fortifications Inspected, and the prescribed salute of thir
teen guns, due a general of the army, was, by direction of General MeiTiam, dispensed with.
serve and pray for those who go to bat
tle. Let each in the right spirit enter
the conflict at some post of duty, lest the
angel of the Lord shall say unto us,
'Curse ye Meroz, curse ye bitterly the In
habitants thereof, because they cam* 1 not
to the help of the I,ord, to the help of the
Lord against the mighty.' "
WAR FOR HUMANITY.
Sermons of Drs. Mackenzie
and Jenks at First Pres
byterian Church.
The confjrefcation at the First Presbyterian
Church on Van Ness avenue and Sacramento
street was treated to two sermons at the
morning and afternoon ser%-lce yesterday on
the coming war that will long bf? remembered
by those whose good fortune it was to be
present.
Dr. Mackenzie took his text from Isaiah,
lx:ll: "Therefore the Lord shall set up the
adversaries." He said this is not a war of
conquept, a war of Invasion or a war oi re
venue, but a war for humanity. The history
of Spain was gone over to show Its cruelty
A ROYAL PRINCE IS HERE.
The Nephew of the King of Belgium a
Guest at the Palace,
Albert Leopold Clement Marie, Comte de Flandre and Prince of
the Blood, has arrived and is at the Palace. He came in yesterday after
noon from the Yosemite, where he has been passing a few days on his
way from Los Angeles to this city.
The Count is the nephew of Leopold, King of the Belgians, and is
making a tour of the United States for pleasure and to extend and en
large his education. He is a young man, being only 23 years of age, and
is accompanied on his travels by M. Joostens, secretary of the Belgian lega
tion at "Washington; H. Jungbluth, aid de camp, and Dr. L. Melis, his own
private physician. Besides these gentlemen, the party Is Increased by
several servants, who travel ahead of the rest for the purpose of looking
after the accommodations and taking care of the twenty odd trunks
which constitute the baggage of the young Prince and his suite.
The Prince left London on March 2, and came directly to New York.
From there he went to Washington, visiting the intermediate cities en
route, and then proceeded westward to the Pacific Coast by the way of
New Orleans.
He Is traveling in strict incognito, and when he registered at the Pal
ace yesterday he appeared on the books of that hostelry as plain Mr.
Rethy. He will remain in the city and the vicinity some time studying
the different institutions of the State and gleaning as much information
of a social, political and institutional character as is possible In a short
length of time. Where the party will go after leaving here has not yet
been finally decided, but it is probable that, before they leave the coast,
a tour of inspection will be made of all the northern coast and Sound'
ports.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1898.
through all ages when it hail the power to be
cruel. Having: ha<l at one time the possession
•>f all this part of America it lost it by no
other cause than that of Ita cruel treatment of
Its subjects. The present cruel war waged on
the Cubans was gone over very minutely to
prove this assertion.
In the evening I >r. E. H. Jenks, the assist
ant pastor, lectured on the same subject. He
took his text fmm Isaiah 1111:61. He said the
teaching of Christ was for peace, but when
the spirit of tolerance, justice and humanity
Instead of spreading peace has led on to fresh
outrages, then there is cause for war. This
Is a war for humanity. Tills nation Is the
magistrate, her armies the executive to pun
ish criminal*. It is a contest between me
dieval and modern civilization. We disclaim
sordidnesß. America is the proper nation to
perform this high and holy duty in the name
of the higher Christian civilization.
Out of this will come free Cuba and free
Spain, a united people, knowing no north,
no pouth, no longer two hemispheres, but one
world, Anglo-Saxon, civilizing and leading the
upper forces of the world.
THE FIRST CHECK.
Mrs. William Alvord, the first regent
of Sequoia Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, and the present
honorary State regent for California, sent
her check yesterday to Mrs. A. S. Hub
bard, the regent, as her contribution to
the Red Cross League.
Mrs. Alvord, besides being the first
woman in the State to come forward with
offers of financial aid, has conferred upon
Sequoia Chapter the distinction of having
been the first patriotic society to enlist in
this noble cau.se.
It will be remembered that Mrs. Al
vord w:is president of the Sanitary Com
mission in the late civil war, and her
valuable services have never been for
gotten. She is descended from a long
line of soldiers, distinguished in the
field, and is herself thoroughly imbued
with patriotic zeal.
S''iu r >iii Chapter will be heard from
again, as a special meeting will be called
at an early date, at which distinguished
speakers will be present, who will ad
dress the members on the all-absorbing
topic. "What Can Our Society Do for the
Wounded Soldiers?"
DOWN WITH SPAIN.
Rev. W. E. Du£an Thinks
Spanish Barbarism
Should Cease.
The Rpv. W. E. Dugan, pastor of tho
Stewart .Memorial Presbyterian Church,
delivered a spirited address last even
ing upon the cause of the Spanish-Ameri
can war and cited the many arguments
why this country should forever sweep
the Spaniards and their inhuman govern
ment from the Cuban isle. He said:
The cause of the war between Spain and
the I'nited States has not been hasty action
on the part of the latter, but barbarism on
the part of the Spanish. It is the outcome of
cruel outrages, sickening enough to make the
heart of a cannibal tremble with shame, or
the heart of a "bloody Nero" throb with pity.
The. moon always keeps the same face
toward the earth, but as ?he has looked down
upon the barbariaxn of Spain she has felt
like turning her face away In disgust.
We have been forced Into this conflict by
Spain's refusal to comply with the requests of
civilization. While I do not take issue with
the United States, yet I think it would have
been better for us to have fought Spain upon
the Issue of the Maine rather than the free
dom of Cuba. In my mind the Maine was
deliberately blown up, and if we go to war. It
ought to be to teach Spain that she cannot
trifle with America— that Old Glory stands
for liberty and union now and forever, one
and inseparable, and that those stars will burn
with glory when the name of Spain la a by
word of contempt and a hiss to teach her that
those white Lands of Old Glory are emblem
atic of the white bands of purity and Justice
that bind us to the throne of God, and that
the red of Old Glory is emblematic of the
power of the conquering Christ who is opposed
to all savagery. If fight we must let us unite
all energies into a stream that will sweep from
Cuba every vestige of Spanish authority and
set the Queen Regent on her own throne with
such a thud that she will awake to the idol
ization that clvrlization has been born Into
the world and grown Into a strong man, not to
be trifled with. Let us sweep the footprints of
the Queen and baby King from the sacied
Isle.
VOLUNTEER
COMPANIES
Firemen and Independents
Want to Fight for
the Country.
There is a great deal of patriotism of a
fighting character outside of the National
Guard, and several enthusiastic civilians
are already taking steps to organize com
panies for the army. One of the most en
thusiastic movements ai this character
is that started by F. H. Kenny, James
Brannan and Charles Daken of No. 4 en
gine house at 142 Second street.
Speaking of the matter yesterday Mr.
Kenny said: "We have decided to do all
in our power to get up an entire company
and jt now seems more than likely that
we shall be successful, because we have
really just started the movement and we
already have more than twenty on our
lists. The boys on the extra list are
pretty free to go, but there are a number
of regulars who are also ready to volun
teer to fight for their country. We shall
know the result of the movement in a few
days."
Attorney George W. Johnson of 927
Market street Is eager to organize a com
pany of independent volunteers. Steps to
that end were taken by him yesterday,
for which purpose he held a conference
with several committeemen in sympathy
with the movement. It is believed that
he will find no trouble in inducing a
goodly number of patriotic persons to co
operate with him in the movement.
JUSTIFIES THE WAR
Mrs. R. S. Lillie lectured last night to
the Society of Progressive Spiritualists,
her theme being", "Is War Necessary to
the TTlgher Spiritual Civilization?" which
question she answered in a qualified way.
The speaker held that war would not be
necessary in the future, but that it is
a necessary evil to-day. She described
early tribes in history as preying upon
their neighbors and waging wars of con
quest, and stated that nature is gradually
developing the highest characteristics and
will some day reach a point when wars
will be a matter of the past. She held
that the United. States is right on prin
ciple and that the only way to settle the
present difficulties is by force. She corn
pa^d nations that will not do right
toward the weak and the defenseless to
men who have bad tempers which they
will not control, and she left the infer
ence that Spain was like such a man.
MAY BE CALLED
TO WAR
Many University Students
Anxiously Waiting for
the National Guard
to Be Summoned.
BERKELEY, April 24.— The probable
calling out of the National Guard may
cause a number of senior students at the
university to forego graduation. A great
many of the students are members of the
various compfinies in different parts of
the State, and may be called on to leave
Berkeley immediately to join their com
panies. It is not improbable, however,
that in such a case the faculty of the
university will grant decrees to the can
didates without requiring them to remain
until th* close of the term.
In the probable event of Lieutenant
Clnman's transfer from command of the
Cadet Battalions to active service with
the army, the cadets will lie left at the
opening 1 of next term, in August, without
a commandant. A retired army officer or
some member of the faculty, possibly
Colonel Edwards or Colonel Soule, would
be detailed for the Work. A large number
of graduates, formerly commissioned offi
cers in the Cadet Battalion, have tendered
an offer of their services to Governor
Budd in case of war. Among them is
Professor A. P. Hayne of the viticultural
department staff, who graduated in ISB9
with military honors.
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
The Men Are Ready, but
Have Not Service
able Rifles.
During the past week there has been
more activity in the armories in this city
than has been known for some time, and
all on account of the war between this
country and Spain. Every member of
the guard h;us been expecting orders that
will call him to duty, and almost every
man is ready to go upon the order from
the command< r-in-chief. The desire to go
has been augmented by the assurance
of employers to National Guardsmen that
if called to serve in the defense of flag
and country their places will be secure
to them on their return. This movement
on behalf of the National Guardsmen, in
augurated by The Call a short time since,
has spread, and is still spreading among
employers. It is likely that by the time
California selects her auota every em
ployer will have said to his employe who
belongs to the guard: "Rest assured that
when you come back from the war your
position will await you," and that many
of these will add: "While you are gone
we will take care of those dependent upon
you." _j
ARMING THE GUARD.
Those at the head of the National Guard
of this State are now realizing the truth
of what was announced in this depart
ment more tha.n a year ago. That was
that the guard of this State was not
armed with the rifles which could have
been had at that time for the asking by
our representatives in Congress, provid
ing they had been firm and persistent in
their demands.
The adjutant-general, A. \Y. Barrett,
has made several attempts to obtain an
exchange °f rifles for the guard, but i
action m the matter did not receive the ,
Bupport it should have had. When the
regular army substituted the Krag-Jor- ]
gensen Titles for the Springfields, model ;
of ISB4, the Springfields were relegated to
the arsenals, and it was generally under
stood that these would be issued to the
National Guard of the several States in ]
exchange for the Springnelds of l t v7o, pro- i
viding a demand was made for them in j
proper form, that is, by an act of Con
gress, but the spirit of procrastination
prevailed and It was said there was time
enough, and the old rilles were good
enough for parade duty. The States of
Illinois and Nebraska, though somewhat
tardy, woke up about six months ago
and realized that there was coming a
time when their National Guardsmen
would need something more serviceable
than parade rifles, and they succeeded in
getting a bill through which permitted
them to make an exchange. The adju
tant-general of California estimates that
there are not less than 2300 rifles in the
guard that are not serviceable, and he re
cently forwarded an exchange order for
thai number of rifles to the Ordnance
Department at Washington, and in reply
received a letter from Acting Chief of
Ordnance Shaler announcing that the ex
change could not be made.
It is not very creditable to say that the i
4200 National Guardsmen are ready at a
moment's notice to take the field, "and at
the same time assert that 2300 of that
number are not provided with serviceable
rilles. There is, however, a hope that
this difficulty may be overcome. When
the guardsmen are called for duty they
will have to be mustered into the service
of the United States, and then it will be
come the duty of X'ncle Sam to provide
the men with suitable weapons.
THE EMERGENCY ROLLS.
The emergency rolls of the First Regi
ment of Infantry were opened last Mon
day at both armories and were kept open
on the drill night of each company. The
applications for enrollment were greater
than was expected for tho first week. A
large number of individuals visited the
armories each night, many of them be
ing men who never before had been con
nected with the guard; while their names
nnd residences were taken the preference
was given to ex-members of the guard.
Each company has received applications
from ex-members who are at present out
of the city. They express a willingness
to come here and enlist as soon as noti
fied either by letter, telegram or tele
phone. By means of the emergency roll
the companies will have no difficulty in
recruiting up to the full strength, which
is 103 rank and file.
Not only has this plan been adopted in
the local regiment, but the idea has been
carried out by the guard throughout the
State, and from reports received here it
is apparent that there will be more appli
cations than will fill the rolls.
WAR SERMONS.
Sermons were preached yesterday on
matters pertaining to the conflict be
tween the United States and Spain by
Rev. W. H. Tubbs at the Bethlehem Con
gregational Church, Rev. H. T. Shepard
at the Olivet Congregational. Rev. P.
Coombe at the Richmond Congregational
and Rev. F. R. Ferrand at the Howard
Presbyterian Church.
A Policeman Robbed.
Thomas Keneally was arrested last
night and charged with robbery. He is
said to be one of the men who last De
cember attacked Policeman Heffernan
and robbed him of his club and pistol.
CASTOrtIA
For Infants and Children,
simile </# i „ " ■ »B«» B «
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NOVELTY
BLACK
We have just opened our
last shipment for this season
of HIGH NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS GOODS, and will ex-
hibit this week the choicest
variety of FRENCH and ENG-
LISH NOVELTIES ever shown
in this city.
In the assortment will be SILK and
WOOL MATLASSE, FIGURED PIREOLAS,
CREPE CHEVIOTS, SILK and MOHAIR
FIGURED POPLINS, FIGURED MOHAIR
BENGALINES, SILK BAYADERE GRENA-
DINES and FIGURED CANVAS ETAMINES.
The above goods are on exhibition in our
show windows, and our customers are asked to
take advantage of this special offering of Ele-
gant Black Fabrics.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Mall orders entitled to these
prices if posted not later than Wed-
nesday
Our claim for your patronage —
fresh goods of finest quality not
ouch as may be obtained in ordi-
nary stores
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Claret . £c
regularly 50c gallon 3 gallons $i
As pure wine as though it cost
twice as much though not so old
Laundry soap 8 bars 2^c
regularly 6 for 25c 100 bar box $3
Made of good- honest materials
Brandy— Californian 3 bt'ls $2
regularly Si and 54 gallon $y
No housi.4old should be without
it — you may need it to-day
Salad dressing "tiX 2^c
regularly 30c pint bottle
Our word for it there 's none so
good or as delicate in flavor
ApricotS— evaporated lOC
regularly 15c lb
Toilet ammonia 2^c
regularly 35c bottle
odors: lavender and violet — for soften-
ing bath water and beautifying the skin
Toilet soapi™VoSiet Paris 20c
regularly 25c cake
A delicately perfumed soap, odors: lilac
— iris — heliotrope — — sweet pink
— new mown hay — cyrtosia
Candle stick 20c
regularly 25c each
Four leafed clover — porcelain
holder Quite artistic
Garden flower set 2irc
regularly 35c set— 3 pieces
Handle of hoe and rake 33 inches— size
of shovel 4Va inches by 5V inches
For ladies or children
Their vigorous use make robust health
in both tlowers and gardner
String beans— French ire
regularly 20c tin— harricots verts
Not the finest but very good
Pineapple -whole 20c
regularly 25c tin — Singapore
If you like pineapple you '11 like
this
Vermouth - Italian : roC
regularly 60c bottle
An appetizer and stomach tonic
Cigars
Happy is he who smokes a cigar
that he likes — so many are ir-
regular — one good next bad
Most men don't like to experiment
— better buy from a big first class
stock
Brazil Nuts -new ioc
regularly 15C f
First of the season — just arrived
Catalogue free — mention this paper
433 Pine 21s Sutter 2800 California San Fran-
Cisco 1075 Clay between nth and 12th Oakland
U/.T.HESS,
_ NOTAEY L PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1016. Claug Spreckela Bid*.
Telephone Brown 93L •
Ban S^cii 821 Callf onUa Btr t « b low p °*«»>.
POSITIVELY
The Last Week.
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH P| ID Q
PERSIAN nUUU
B. 11. FAUL'S entire stock, before his depart-
ure to Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
AUCTION
COMMENCING DAILT AT 2 P. M..
At 106-10S Grant aye., between Post and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goodj
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
Beware of Imitations
mJrThe. 'A*
-^ -'rial >^ f^
JOHN PUNCAN'S BONB, *8I»T», SEW YORK.
¥20 Set es
mP% IS the proper DISTANCE
AT Wr|M * NORMAL EYE SHOULD CLEARLY
DISTINGUISH LETTER* 3 /B°fAH IhICH WHO.-
CALL and HAVE Y°UR EYES TESTED
--;* .FREI <f CHARGE. -:\'r
642 MARKET St.
OMDtR C-HRPNiCLE BU'.UDJNG.' •
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs, of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. ■ A gTeat Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNB/ Agents. J
323 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY.
pnr» T.-Ea-Kxows and ki-xiable ot.t»
.L Private, yprvous.Hic.-M.'iindskta
Diseases of Me. 1 only. Manly Power restored. Over
"o years' pxperlence. Send for Book, free. P»tlent»
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
<laily;6::» to 8.30 eves. Sjridnys. Iotol2. Consults*
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or addreu
P. BOSCOE McSULTT, M. ».,
«6>i Kcaraj- Street. San H«avi»s«, <%a>