VOLUME LXXXIV.-XO. 37.
MURDER RUNS RIOT ON THE
DECK OF A SINKING SHIP
COLLISION WRECKS
LA BOURGOGNE AND
SIX HUNDRED PERISH
Frenzied Seamen Slay Men, Women and
Children in a Fi^ht for Possession
of the Boats.
NEW YORK. July 6. — The French line steamship La Bourgogne was sunk in collision
with the British iron ship Cromartyshire early on the morning of July 4, sixty miles south of
Sable Island. Of 725 souls on board 535 were drowned, including 207 first and second
class cabin passengers. All the first cabin passengers were lost, and of 300 women passengers
on the ill-fated vessel only one was saved.
That concisely tells the story of a tragedy that is stained with dishonor. Passengers and
crew were alike in the awful struggle for self that turned the deck of the liner into a shambles
and made the ocean a scene of deliberate murder of helpless women and men, and by the very
ones to whom they had intrusted their lives.
The crash came at 5 o'clock in the morning, when, in a dense fog. the ocean greyhound
struck the Cromartyshire and passed on in the gray light to plunge to the bottom, drawing down its
helpless victims in the whirling surge that marked the spot where she had floated.
In the few minutes that elapsed between the shock and the disappearance the greater hor
ror of the disaster was enacted. In an instant the quiet deck of the liner was transformed into an
inferno. Women who obstructed the way of strong men to the boats were struck down with
knives. The steerage had contained many Italians, and it seemed as though in the face of death
THE COLLISION BETWEEN THE CROMARTYSHIRE AND LA BOURGOGNE.
The San Francisco Call
SAX FIIANCISCO, THUBSDAY, JULY 7. 1898.
a thirst for blood came upon them. Right and left their weapons flashed and trampled bodies
marked their course.
The officers, who died as brave men, were powerless to control their mad passengers and
madder crew. The second officer of La Bourgogtie did the work of a dozen heroes. But his
efforts were almost immediately set at naught by the cowardice of his frenzied crew.
One raft on which forty women were placed had been made fast to the ship's side.
It was dragged down by the ship and all on it perished. Not one man would pause to cut the
lines and give them life.
When the ship had gone down the few boats that floated were surrounded by the perishing.
Some women caught the lines of one cockleshell, not endangering the occupants and merely
keeping their heads above water. In pure fiendishness the men of the crew cut the ropes and be
came murderers.
In other cases men who struggled to keep themselves above water by clutching the gun
wales were beaten back to death with oars and boathooks.
The British ship that had been in collision stood near by and for hours kept up the work of
rescue. Then she was towed into Halifax.
Marvelous was the endurance displayed by those who had been in the water for hours.
The officers of the Bourgogne to a man went down with the ship. One came to the surface
and was saved.
WOMEN SLAIN LIKE
SHEEP IN SHAMBLES
HALIFAX, N. 8.. July 6.— ln one of
the thick fogs which at this time of
the year hang like a pall over the
Grand Banks and Sable Island In the
North Atlantic, occurred, on the early
morning of July 4. one of the most ap
palling ocean disasters in the annals of
transatlantic commerce, and, in fact,
in the history of steam sailing of the
world. Without a moment's warning,
almost, the great French liner La
Bourgogne, with 725 souls on board,
was run dr>wn by the iron sailing ship
Oromartyshire and sank within a half
hour, carrying with her to the ocean's
bottom over 500 of her passengers and
crew, while the balance, who were not
draws down by the fearful suction,
struggled and fought for life until one
hundred and sixty-three were at length
rescued by the crew of the Cromarty
shir", which ship survived the colli-
The story of the fearful disaster from
the few officers and members of the
crew who were saved is yet to be told,
but if the words of the passengers who
were dragged aboard the Cromarty
shire and later brought into this port
by the steamer Grecian, are to be be
lieved, the last few minutes on board
the La Bourgogrne witnessed some of
the most terrible Rcenes of horror and
cruelty that have blotted the history
of a civilized race.
Instead of heroic discipline which so
often has been the one bright feature of
such awful moments the crew of the
steamer fought like demons for the few
life boats and rafts, battering the help
less passengers away fro: 1 their only
means of salvation, with the result
that the strong overcame the weak, for
the list of 163 saved contains the name
of but one woman. The disaster oc
curred at 5 o'clock in the morning on
Monday. July 4, about sixty miles
south of Sable Island, which lies nearly
a hundred miles off this port.
The Bourgogne had left New York
bound for Havre the previous Satur
day, while the Cromartyshire was on
her way over from Glasgow with a
crew of twenty-one men. Although
the transatlantic steamships have a
definite course the Bourgogne was, by
all accounts, forty miles or more to the
north of these lines.
The fog was very dense and the Cro
martyshire was calling along with re
duced canvas and blowing the fog horn.
Suddenly out of the fog rushed a great
steamer and in a moment there was a
| fearful crash, the iron prow of the
ship plunging into the port side of the
steamer just under the bridge.
The shock was terrific and tore a
| tremendous hole in the steamer while
is^r^ bb ° W ° f the Ship was demol
the f'n The steamer Plunged on through
the fog her whistle crying for help and
hex rockets signaling her distress
The Cromartrshfre was rounded to,
and her master. Captain Henderson,
! was considerably relieved in finding
that she was in no danger of sinking.
Off to the eastward could be heard the
hoarse call of the steamer, and as the
fog began to lift all the boats- on the
ship were launched. Half an hour after
the collision the misty curtain went un
giving a clear view for miles, and then
it was that those on the Cromartyshire
on I "Vif fearf6l *"*« for Iff*
on board the Bourgogne. The collision
had come so suddenly and at such a
time in the morning that few besides
her crew were on - deck, but the shock
aroused nearly every one, and within
a few minutes the decks were crowded
At first it seemed as if there was
some attempt at discipline. A few of
the boats were swung off and some of
But l^ S th n / c [ S a " mv £ d to set into them.
But as the steamer began to settle and
list to pert the officers lost control of
the crew and a panic ensued.
Passengers and crew fought for the
boats and life rafts. The strong bat
tered down the weak, the women and
children being pushed far away from
any hope of rescue. Fists, oars' and
even knives wore used b*- some of the
demons to keep their places. The offi
cers seemed to have been powerless
over their own men and only four we're
saved.
The fight for life on the decks of the
steamer did not last long, for In a lit
tle more tlian a half hour she gave a
long lurch to port and went down.
As the ship sank beneath the surface
the vortex of the waters sucked down
everything on the surface within a cer
tain radius. When the suction ceased
those still alive saw about 200 bodies
come out of the water with a rush, as
if the sea were giving: up the dead after
having swallowed the ship. But the
struggle for life still continued after
the ship went down. Hundreds still
floated about, grasping for rafts, boats
and wreckage in frantic- endeavor to
keep above water. Even then many
of those in the boats, if the stories told
are to be believed, showed their bru
tality by beating off those who at
tempted to climb aboard.
By this time the small boats of the
Cromaityshire had come up and the
work of rescue began. The crew of the
ship worked heroically and saved every
one who had managed to keep above
water, but even then scores fell away
from boats, rafts and wreckage, ex
hausted, and were drowned. Ii was all
over in an hour, although for some
time great pieces of wreckage came
shooting up from the bottom, marking
| the spot where the great liner had gone
I down. But little attempt was made to
recover the bodies of any of the ill
fated passengers or crew, and the bat
tered hulk at the bottom of the ocean
will probably be their tomb.
In the afternoon the steamer Grecian
was sighted, coming from the west
ward, and a few hours afterward the
Cromartyshire was in tow and arrived
here this morning.
Strangely enough, Mr. La Casse is
the only man of the saloon and cabin
passengers who survived, while his
wife is the only woman of 300, not only
of the first saloon cabin but of the
whole' ship, who escaped. Mrs. La
Casse was roused from her berth by
her husband, who was on deck at the
time of the collision. When she
reached the deck of the listing steam
ship she saw the captain of the steam
er on the bridge and some of the offi
cers at other points endeavoring to di
rect the efforts of the crew to launch
the bodts. There was little response
to the orders of the officers. The crew
seemed paralyzed. Matters were quiet
and there was no panic at first,
though the decks were becoming more
and more crowded with frightened
people.
The steamer was listing and settling
and then a wild fear seized on the
throng and the people lost their reason.
Mrs. La Casse was separated from
her husband in the scramble, and the
steamer listed so badly, that she slid
down the declivity of the deck and into
the water. She had taken the precau
tion, nt her husband's direction, to put
on a life belt before leaving her state
room, and shortly after being thrown
into the sea she was seized by the arm
and drawn upon the life raft. Her
savior was her husband. A moment
later the ill-fated steamer disappeared
PRICE FIVE CEKTS.
and a whirlpool encircled the spot where
the noble craft had been. Everybody
around the vortex was drawn into It.
The water rushed areund, faster and
faster, and the unfortunates disap
peared v. Ith despairing cries.
Mrs. La Casse had been on the edga
of the maelstrom, but something threw
her outside of the whirlpool, and the
next she knew she was on the- life raft.
A boat containing forty women was
capsized and all went down in the
whirlpool. There was not t-ne man in
this boat, a*~ it was left fast to the
davits. Some of the women were try
ing to cut the ropes when the steamer
careened and capsized the boat.
Mrs. La Casse says that a moment
after the steamer was engulfed men,
women and children arose on every
side .of the whirlpool, ami the sight of
the faces and the arms and the sound
of shrieks was so terrible that she will
remember them to her dying day.
Mrs. La Casse says that when the
panic first seized the crew men fought
for positions in the boats like rav
ing maniacs. Women ! were forced
back from the boats and trampled
on by men, who made self-preser
vation their first object. Among
them were a large number of the lower
class of Italians and foreigners, who
in their frenzy stopped at nothing that
promised safety for themselves.
. So desperate was the situation that
an Italian passenger drew his knife and
made direct at one who, like himself,
was endeavoring to reach the boats.
Immediately his action was imitated In
every direction. Knives were nour
ished and used with effect. Women and
children were driven back to inevitable
death at the point of -weapons, the own
ers of which were experts in their use.
According to stories of the survivors
women were stabbed like so many
sheep.
The scene on the water was even
worse. Many of the unfortunates who
were struggling in the water attempted
to drag themselves into the boats or on
rafts. Th- were pushed back.
Here, too, knives were used freely.
Not all of the dead met death by drown
ing. Christopher Brunon saw a sailor
belonging to La Bourgogne strike a
passenger over the head with a bar and
kill him. The body dropped into the
water. The passenger grabbed the boat
in which the sailor was and attempted
to get on board.
Matte O. Zurich, a Norwegian, said
it did not appear to be anybody's duty
to look after the launching of- the boats.
Those on the port side were not touched
by the crew. People climbed into them,
waiting for the boats .to be launched,
but in a short time Uie steamer listed
so rapidly it was impossible to do so.
Zurich declares that two of the life
rafts upon which people were saved
were cut adrift by him. He was unable
to move them, but they tumbled over
board when' the steamer careened and
proved useful. The steamer slowly
settled down by the stern and star
board side and the water advancing
gradually drove the people forward.
Finally men, women and children were
walking about on the port bow. The
stern was deep In the water and the
bow in the air. The ship gave a great
plunge and hundreds of people were in
the water, grabbing at broken oars,
bits of canvas, etc., and struggling. Zu
rich went over the starboard side and
caught a raft, on which he climbed.
He thinks that had the . boats been
launched as soon as the steamer struck
several hundred who perished would
have been saved. Only one of the port
boats, a small one. was launched. That
was the boat the second purser escaped
in. Zurich saw one boat leave the
Bourgogne with only a few people on it
Fred Niftier, a Swede, lost his sweet
heart through the boats not being cut
away. The girl had on a life belt but
the suction of the sinking ship was too
powerful. i
He and the young woman got into a
boat with many others, waiting for the
sailors to launch it. The boat was
finally capsized and the girl was lost.
Niffler climbed on a life raft, which
upset, and live were drowned, for there
were many crowded on it. The others
climbed upon the raft.
Among the survivors are nine Assyri
ans and Armenians. There were 75
Assyrians in the party when it left
New York. All but eight perished, one
of the eight lost his wife and two
brothers and other relatives. Another
lost two daughters. Only one of thir
teen Armenians survives. The Assyri
ans were bound to their homes near
Damascus, and every one had from one
to two hundred dollars saved. They lost
it all, barely escaping in their trousers
and shirts. On board the steamer Gre
cian, which towed the Cromartyshire
with the survivors to Halifax, the As
syrians wept like children and could
not be comforted. The one surviving
Armenian tells a sorrowful tale of the
drowning of an Armenian priest and
his family, who had got in a boat, vvith
some thirty other people. When the
end came and the boat was abandoned
to its fate by the crew, who miile.no
effort to launch it, the priest stood up
and with uplifted hands prayed aloud.
Several French priests stood on the
deck during the sinking of the steamer
without making an effort to save them
seK'es and gave absolution to a large
crowd of passengers.
August Piyrgi was eager to give the
correspondent an account of his ex
perience. He was in the water about
half an hour and attempted to get into
a boat. He was seized wh^n he man
aged to get half in and thrown back
into the water. Again he tried to en
ter the boat, but the savages who
manned it were determined to keep
him out. He managed at last to get
in and to stay in. Clinging to the life
line of a boat not far away he saw his
mother, and as if his trials were not
enough he was forced to watch a man
shove her into the ocean with an oar.
She never rose. He said the man was
saved and was almost sure he could
recognize him.
Fred Niftier, a Swiss, was the moat
jovial and contented of all the unfor
tunate passengers. He lost all his
money and clothes, with the exception
of a pair of trousers and a shirt, but
he laughed and now and then cursed
the frenzied sailors with passionate
earnestness.
Niffler got into a lifeboat with some
others and remained there until he
reached the water, when he thought it
was time to leave. None of the sailors
ever attempted to let the boat loose.
He swam for a long time before he
was picked up. He saw an Englishman
attempt to get into a boat, but the men
in the boat, who were sailors of La
Bourgogne, hit him over the head with
the butt end of an oar. He fell back
and sank.
Christopher Brunon, a passenger, wag
thrown into the water and swam for
two hours before he found a boat. He
clung to this as his last hope. After
some time a man got hold of the same2
boat and together they managed to
ri^ht it. Under the seats they found
the bodies of four men and three wo
men who had evidently been drowned
by the capsizing of tin boat. Brunon
Bald the Beamen were cruel in their con
duct toward the passengers. He was
unable to get in the steamer's boais
when he came on deck, being shoved
away by the sailors. He saw many of
his friends being prevented from get
ting into the boats by the sailors.
Mehleni Secondi, an Italian steerage
passenger, is among the saved. When
ot on deck he found a raft with
five nan on it. The raft, however, was
tied and chained Cast to the deck and
no sailors were near to let it loose.
N( ne of the five men had knives. The
Bank rapidly and they were all
pitated Into the water. He was in
the water twenty minutes and alone,
the other five sinking before his eyes.
He came acroßa a boat which he tried
to get into. He eventually succeeded,
but not before a desperate fight with
the crew. He was battered with oars
shoved with boathooks.
.Mrs. Henderson, wife of the captain,
was on board the Cromartyshire with
her two children. She tells a thrilling
Btory of the terrible experience. The
weather was foggy and she. had risen
from her bunk at an early hour, as
waa her custom when the weather was
bad. Shortly before the vessels came
ther she heard a whistle on the
port Bide. The Cromartyshire was
B< unding her fog horn at intervals of
Inute. Mrs. Henderson called the
attention of her husband to the sound
incs of the whistle, and a minute later
the mate, who was on watch, also de
tected the Bound. It came nearer and
nearer, and Mrs. Henderson stood by
the cabin in order to rescue her child
ren should a disaster occur.
Suddenly the huge hulk of an ocean
Bteai 1 up in the mist, going
about seventeen knots an hour. Almost
immediately there was a fearful crash
and Mrs. Henderson rushed below and
found her children awakened by the
shock. She dressed the little ones as
ly as possible and removed them
To the deck, expecting to see her own
ship go down at any minute.
Captain Henderson, as soon as the
collision occurred, ordered the boats
towered and the damage to be
ascertained. As it waa found that the
Cromartyshire was in no immediate
danger the Britisher put about. Th«
: with which they had collided
was at that time unknown. A few
minutes later her whistle was heard
and several rockets were sent up. Cap
ii replied In a like man
thinking the steamer was offer-
Ing assistance, but in a few minutes all
was quiet, an<l those on board began
to realize the awful results of the col
lision.
' >n the morning of the collision Cap
tain Henderson was on th^ poop with
third mate, A. C. Stewart Bailor
- wns (.n the lookout, and First
r X ilia man was also on the fore
!;. The Cromartyshire was
making about five miles an hour, with
al sails set, nnr] taking in all the
time. Not a sound was heard until
• Baley saw a large steamer
AN OCEAN GRAVEYARD.
The great disaster took place only a few miles to the eastward of Sable
Island, a spot that is known to seamen the world over as "the ocean
graveyard." It is but a low stretch of sand, and its borders are constantly
shifted by the furious seas that beat upon them and the treacherous cur
rents that come and go. Yet not a foot of the island that is now above
water but has some story of horror connected with it. Any old tar who has
visited th>> locality can spin yarns by the hour about the numerous ships'
crews who met their death on the sands of the "ocean graveyard."
It would be impossible to tell how many vessels have been wrecked on
the shores of Snble Island, but since the founding of the British Humane
Society, in 1802, a record has been kept of all the disasters that have taken
place there. They now number more than 200 vessels of all sizes, from the
stately liner to the humble fishing smack. Sable Island is about thirty
one miles in length and four miles in width. It has, however, undergone
many startling changes since it was surveyed by order of the British Ad
miralty in 1776. A portion of the island is washed away each year; in 1814
a section three miles long and forty feet wide was carried away during a
severe gale. Since the beginning of the present century it has decreased In
length about twenty-four miles and two and a half in width.
THE STORY TOLD BY THE
CROMATYSHIRE'S LOG.
HALIFAX, July 6.— The log of the Cromartyehire, signed by Cap
tain Henderson, is as follows:
"On July 4, at 5 a. m., we were In a dense fog, the position of the
ship being sixty miles south of Sable Island, the ship by the wind
on the port tack heading W. N. W., though under decided canvas and
going about four or five knots per hour. Our foghorn was being
kept going regularly every minute. At that time heard a steamer's
whistle on our west port side, or port beam, which seemed to be near
ing very fast. We blew the horn and were answered by steamer's
whistle, when all of a sudden she loomed through the fog on our port
bow and crashed into us, going at a terrific speed. Even th« fore
topmast and maintop and gallant mast came down, bringing with it
yards and everything attached. I immediately ordered the boats out
and went to examine the damage. I found that our boats were com
pletely cut off and the plates twisted. The other ship disappeared
through the fog. However, our ship was iloating on her collision
bulkhead, so there seemed no immediate danger of her sinking.
"We set to work immediately to clear the wreckage and remove
our starboard anchor, which was hanging over the starboard bow and
in danger of punching holes in the vessel. I heard a steamer blow
ing her whistle on coming back and we answered with our foghorn.
The steamer then threw up a rocket and fired a shot. We also threw
up some rockets and fired several shots, but we neither saw nor heard
anything. Shortly after, or about f>:3o, the fog lifted somewhat and
we saw two boats pulling toward us with the French flag flying. We
signaled them to come alongside, and found the steamer was the La
Bourgogne, bound for Havre from New York, and that 6he had gone
down.
"We laid to all day and received on board about 200 survivors
from among the passengers and crew, reported to be in all about COO.
Several of the passengers were on life rafts without oars, and I called
for volunteers from among my crew and the surviving French sea
men to bring those rafts alongside the ship. Some of the passengers
and seamen from the sunken steamer assisted us and we jettisoned
some thirty-six tons of cargo from our forehold in order to lighten the
ship.
"At about 3 p. m. another steamer hove in sight, bound westward.
We put up our signals, *N. C (want assistance). Shortly after a
steamer bore down toward us. She proved to be the Grecian, bound
from Glasgow to New York. The captain agreed to take the passen
gers on board and also agreed to tow my ship to Halifax. Owing to
the condition of my ship I accepted the offer, and proceeded at once
to tranship the passengers and get ready our towline. At 6p. m.
we had made a connection and proceeded in tow of the Grecian toward
Halifax, having put a sail over the broken bow to take part of the
strain off the collision bulkhead. There was at that time fourteen
feet of water in the forepeak."
half a ship's length ahead on the port
bow. In an instant the Cromarty
shire's jibboom struck the Bourgogne's
bridge and the sailing vessel crushed
into the liner, staving a big hole near
the engine room. La Bourgogne
scraped the whole length of the Cro
martyshlre's port side and then she
veered off. La Bourgogne blew long,
mournful whistles for assistance. Third
Mate Stewart of the Cromartyshire
says that the Frenchman evidently
thought the Bourgogne had sunk the
colliding vessel.
At the time of the collision. Third
Mate Stewart says, La Bourgogne was
u.>ing at about the rate of eighteen or
nineteen knots an hour, through a
dense fog, shutting out everything
more than twenty yards away.
About three hours after the Cromar
tyshire picked up the survivors the
Allan liner Grecian was sighted and
took the Cromartyshire in tow. About
S o'clock that evening, three miles
away. Third Mate Stewart heard guns
and saw three rockets go up and a blue
light, the signal of distress, burning.
The Grecian signaled to the Cromarty
shire that she was going to assist the
vessel signaling. In a few minutes,
however, the light disappeared and no
more guns or rockets were discharged,
the vessel certainly having sunk. Pro
fessor La Casse, one of the survivors,
is of opinion that there was a third yes
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
sel in the collision, as he saw La Bour
gogne sink within ten minutes after
the collision.
LIST OF PASSENGERS
AND THOSE RESCUED
NEW YORK. July 6.— The following
is the first and second cabin passenger
list of La Bourgogne. The French line
does not register the addresses of its
passengers:
Cabin Passengers.
Mrs. M. Arrouet, Rev. Brother Am
brolse, E. A. Angel, Antolne Achard,
Mrs. Antolne Achard, Miss Marie Ach
ard, Antolne Achard Jr., Guiseppe Alpi,
Master Giovanni Alpi, Mrs. L. Brom
!"i-\ Rev. Leon Baumann, Miss Binds,
Gaspard Behr, Mrs. Bourneville,
Mrs. C. Bourquin. Mrs. J. N. Bronk,
Ferdinand Brochard. Mrs. Ferdinand
Brochard and child, Miss Leonle Bro
chard, Paul Broyer, Mrs. Paul Broyer,
Miss BarcelO, Miss Rose Casazza, Louis
Casaua, Oiacomo Casazza, Mrs. Jul
lette Cicot, W. V. riurk, Mrs. W. V.
(.'lark, Mrs. J. B. Coleman and maid.
Mis. ii. s. C'rumh-y, Gufttave Cure, Mrs.
Gustav Cure, J. A. Ch&nut, Pierre CoL
lin, G. Carbral, Luißi Cane:;, MibA, Con
nor, A. Cablat, Mrs. K. C. Cook,
Mis. Joseph H. Durkee, Airs. J.
F. Dillon, Mrs. Dillon - Oliver and
maid, Mrs. Ernest Delmotte, Syl
van Duinont, Mrs. Duraont, Mrs.
Bosc, S. E. Davis and valet, D. Scott
Evans, Miss M. Evans, Miss B, Evans,
Miss L. Evans, Frank A. Fiston, Mrs.
Frank A. Fiston, Miss Mario Fis
ton. Master Frank Fiston, Rev. Cyp
rien Floriscone, Giovanni Fellinl,
Adolph Graf, A. Grandvilliers, M. Gini,
Mrs. Josephine German, Albert Galdot,
Jorge Griesnaber, Mr. Gabriel, Master
Gabriel, Edward Halpron, Mrs. M.
Hummel and two children. Mrs. James
J. Haggerty, Anton Hednlck, R.
llyman, Mrs. R. Hyman and child,
Miss Frances Hess, Mrs. D. Huntzman,
Miss Harriet M. Lover, Leon Jacquet,
Mrs. Leon Jacquet and child. Mrs. C.
Janssen, Mimee Jolocat, Richard Ja
cobs, Mrs. Uirhard Jacobs and child.
Rev. A. Kessler. Dr. S. Koppe, Mrs.
S. Koppe, Regis Mennier, Paul Merlin,
Miss Emma Mader, Mrs. James Mar
shall, Miss Morin. Mrs. Osgood and
child Mrs. John Perry, Mis? Sadie Perry,
Miss Florence Perry, Miss Katharine
Perry, M. Perry, Miss Suzanne Perrier,
Leon Ponteau, Mrs. Leon Ponteau, Y< ry
Rev. I. L. Pensier, Miss Mary Policy,
Mrs. A. Povolni, Miss Anna Poncin, Lo
renzo Polcri, Enrico Polcri, Master Pol
cri. Miss Bdith Patton, Anthony Pollock,
Mrs. Anthony Pollock, Miss Plante, Mrs.
Pimson, EL K. Rundell, Henry Kraemer,
Mrs. J. KJehl, Oswald Kirner, Legonido
de Kerdaniel, Mrs. H. 11. Knowles, Mrs.
Henry M. Kidd. Dr. 1,. E. Livingood. A.
D. la Caaee, Mrs. A. D. la Casse, Emile
le Giess, En la Marie, Mrs. G. Lauich
essc, L. Labret, Miss Labret, Mrs. Lo
gas, Mrs. Pauline Langley, Miss A. Lang
ley, Miss M. Laurent, Mr. Laurenoona,
Mrs. le Tourneau, Miss le Tour
ncau. Miss Bertha Mohl, Rev. Ber
nardin Merlin, Miss E. McFarland,
Patrick McKeown, Miss J. Mosse, Mrs.
E. R. Rundell. Miss Evelin Reeves. Mr.
Paul Risal, Mrs. ,J. Rousall. Miss Caroline
EUtter, J«-an Roneayol, Mr. Robeli, A.
Schultz, Mrs. M. Schultz and maiii. Miss
Carola Schultz. Miss Mildred Schultz,
Loots Sldebro, Miss Therese Sommer, P.
J. Sosa, J. A. Sosa, E. P. Steel, G. Steel,
C. Tacot, Mrs. C Tacot, John Talten
ger, Mr. L. Terland, Mrs. Yalledo, Miss
Van Cauteren, E. A. Van Cauteren. E. L.
Van Cauteren, Jerome Vacher, Miss D.
Vallette, Mr. Vassel, Mrs. P. Vassel,
Ralph Leon Williams, Rev. "W. G. Web
ster, A. Weiss. Mr. E. H. Wurtz and two
children, H. E. Weissig, Mrs. Wright,
Mrs. Whitney, child and maid. Professor
E. L. Watter, H. J. Wind, Otto Zaiger.
11. G. Wind, A. La Coste, Mr. Diaz,
Mr. Seaballa, Mr. Cariellas, S. Madrid,
Jose del Campo, Mr. Grouin, F. Gonzales,
Mrs. Villaminst, Mrs. Picnon, Miss N.
Pieoot, L. G. Gauthier. C. H. Liebre, two
children. J. Hagerty, Mrs. Sabordes and
child. Misses Parcelo (three), T. .Strauss,
Mrs. Strauss, Miss M. Strauss, 'Mrs. W.
Strauss. Miss Cauchen, Mrs. Wallace J.
Spiles, D. Wyman, Mrs. Wyman, Master
Wyman. Ernest Dolmotte.
Silvania Dumont and Emil Lagros, who
were in the printed list as passengers,
were not aboard the steamship.
Steerage Passengers.
The following is a complete list of La
Bourgogne's steerage passengers:
Const Kou.iek. R. Der Stephania, wife
and three children; Stephan Kosazian,
Josephine Bailly, Emile Luttlemaur, E.
Deral and infant, Isaac Hnratn, Isaac
Mikael, Isaac Jemll and infant, John Ab
erdin.^El Si YViffgener, Victor Wehlde
muth. Louis Srhwappacher, Adrien De
ron Jr., Alone Viron, Germain Viron. Ad
rien Vlron, Nicolai Rojo. E. W. Taussig,
— Schmidt. Michelini Seccondo. Louis
Hantlu, Eugenia Burli, G. Pacheta,
Giovanni Nicola, N. G. Legron, L. Ho
quet, L. Caron, Anna Marcy, Mary The
resa Marcy and infant, Luzzera Banner
and 3 children, Anna Halman, E. Hurst,
Louis Peresini. Peter Phebih. Broadway
Phebib, Mrs. Phebib and child, August
Creton, Charles Duthv.-eiver, John Jehdi,
George Dod. John Kezna, Mikael Kouri,
Raphael Moukihal, Abraham Rhael,
Schakrina Mnufari. Mary Azizo, Angelo
Pastorelli, Kiooli Guistiano, Luigi Nocli,
Marco Boratto, Chrlstofero Bunini, Emma
Kiader, Charles ECelleberger. Albertine
K< I)> li-rper. Adeline Raymond, Mrs. Me
telli and child. Jean Metelli, Caroline Me
telll, Caroline Donwarth, Dondetta
Nuleri, Giovanni Jallini, Aariano Bertoui,
Mrs. Annie Assouad and baby, Mrs.
Sarah Assouad, Marguerite McVager, Ro-
Blne Pabst, Gradmeier Caimelle, Mrs. Cai
melle, Michele Finamoni, A. Pocher,
Marc Germain, Juro Karoieh, Anton
Lave, Jacob Tonnous. Nicola Antoniccl,
Curabatovich. Louis Ondre, Boleri
Guiseppe, Khabil Elkouri, Serkes Fran
cis. Joseph Nalefero, Abraham Naledef,
Nicholas Steiner, Fr. Deuaballlsto. Salsa
Mervine, Giovanni Bonich, Dermons
Agoob, Saleen Goff, Daris Zizzar,
Michael Zizzar, Salem Mlalio,
Thekrallah Bouall. Elis Deib, Shakeen
Hoff, Saleen Moufarlno, George Azlzze,
Essa Bareekat, Nicol Dub, Josef Alo,
Asll, Antonio Capotosti, George Aoni,
M. John Nathan, Auguste Deveux. Mar
cel Burl, J. Rahncllieux, Joseph Azel
vande, Ernest Delmotte, Emanuel Del
motte, Resheed Milan, George Doumit,
Francesco Maccacehirl, J. Fuhrer, Miss
Fuhrer, Gustave Fuhrer, Leon Fuhrer,
Jean Fuhrer, P. Mazoli, G. Delfanto,
Bertrume Boaggio, Luigi Martinelli, Gus
tave Gritaux, T. Winer, Nicola Tourne
nick. Ant Katichi, Henry Mollinger. John
Burgy, Mrs. Burgy Miss Fluckiger,
Berthe F. Fluckiger. Giov T. Ganzinotti,
August Bergy. John Eppich. Fritz Nif
tier, Marcel Gillette. Joseph Brun, Alfred
Dubinler. Peter Ulrlch, Giovanni Gl
owini, Ponto John, T. Comma, I. Zoka,
John Matey, Mrs. Marcy. Ann Mihelio.
Adele Vessel, Vitt Delguerra, Miss Adele
Steltz, Gallos Peterson, Mikail Debdouh.
Nicolas Thelpis, Guiseppe Cavallero. Ag
rostino Compiani, Abd Allah Balloum,
Albert F. Chaltere, Giuseppe Ciavel, Giu
seppe Cochino, Mfred Hogon, L.
Etienne, Helen Etienne, Mary Lam
bert, Carlo Antonine, Moussa Daoud,
Thomas Tr-veklian, George Frios, Mrs.
Frios, Luigi Clerico, Bioha Nisai, Mou
hann Saghiah. M. Bruel. Mrs. Maria
Belli. Andelo Zecca. Franc Zecca, Mrs.
Zeeea. Augostino Sartori, Jacques Bac
aral. Mateo Zurich, Giov Carlveto, Ellas
Salim. Simon Dinossikian, Jean Gaspoz,
Adams d'Orai, Gennara Pressto, Mrs. E.
Johnson, Jos. Cesaro, David E. Barbieri,
Catarina Rlcrane, Costa Batista and
child Costa, Israel Yousauff, Buglio Dan
lele, Vergillo Dolfi, Giov Gasparine, Mrs.
Gasparine, Carlos Cassol, Mrs. Cassel and
infant. Mardiro Asadoorian. Vlt Canes
sara, Caesar Torlni, Fr. Josian, Fort Si
ehor, Fr. Zeiman. Luigi Nasini, four Na
sini children, Infant Nasini, Amelio Ga
vazzi, Mrs. Gavazzi. Marg. Brova
tin and child, Ant. Kroc, Marib
Debene, Martin Jakee. J. Soumayrach,
Ant Zenidaroic. John Zenidaroic, F. Kul
la, F. Byer. Mich Horn, C. Albert!. G.
Caneto. C. Mollnari and child, Infant
Mollnarl, Lucien Johanne, Mra. Jo
hane, Mathilde Faivre and infant. Er
zene Ratch, Mrs. Ratel, John Coris and
two children, George Andrennopolis,
Abramo Cavozzi, Mrs. Cavozzi, threfe
children and an infant, Ferdin Staffaroni,
Mrs. Staffaroni and infant, Tomaso Mela
tlsene. Shif Such. My Mayer, Solomon A.
Toman, Albert Heyman, John Halter,
Joseph Richman, Jacob Matkovic, T.
Graffo, Lucclle Lucia, Merlotti Angelo,
Leone Melegrano.
The Survivors.
i-ollowing is the list of those saved:
Passengers, second class— Albert Gal
dot, Mr. and Mrs. la Casse, Antoine Ach
ard, Oswald , Charlies Liobre, Jacques
Baccarat, Otto Zaizer, Lucien Verland,
Patrick McKeown, B. German.
Third class— Comeo, Antonio Nic
clas, S. Stiffano, Antone Combatobic.
Yvan Bomohy, Antoline Louis, Neglis
Yeopola. Jacob Malkevich, Joseph Stok.
Joseph Richmang, Borrato , Engene
Burr.-Ul, Penecette , Christopher
Brummus, Antonio Zucke, Louis del
Pante, Antonine Russ, Ernest de la Mott,
Jose Rellyer Tennie Graff, Thomas Ma
vatesini, Isaac Tarquis, Edouard Gorges,
August Boss, Borgeln, Fred Hyffler,
Henry Carlevate, Gustino Nicclas, Dom
inlco Branq, Pellegrune Pampanl, Kaila
lil Elkon, Adolph Alier, Alcel Ebrahims,
Michael John Miller Cori, Borthonerl
Adrino, Frantz Klonek, August Satoris,
Carparlso , Charles Antonio, Charles
Kassel, Zurich Matheo, Michelina ,
John Rnchid, Demes Herch, Anne Ben
gado, Foune Lucia, Hootomich, John
Kourr.
Members of the crew: Edward Laisne,
fourth engineer; Emile le x>ourch, rlrst
electrician; Andre Depree, electrician: Er
nest Schott, second purser; Jean Pallot,
boatswain; Pierre Ballard, second mate;
Jean Mavue, second carpenter; Yves Oli
ver, Louis Core, Maurice Devale, quar
termaster; Yves Perres, Yves Lebris, Vic
tor Gendrol, SylveAer Allain, Yin. Lep
erson, sailor: Emanuel Jacob, Teston Le
nore, Kene Danis, Pierso Lebreton, For
j tune Vallerie, Desire le Magour, Pierre
Ruffett, Guilluame Lepaso. Joseph Ten
tius. Boys: Jules Defer, August Tacheur,
Andre Darshy.
Saved from the engine room— Louis
Geran, Joseph Andren, Jean L. Jean,
Joseph Holler, Pierre Bernßrd, Louis
Proudham, Louis L. Heroder, Henry Mar
tin, Yves Protes, Yves Sallns, Jean Re
fioch, Louis L. Jubiel, Pierre Jehannot,
Yves L. Gall, Jean Massio. L. Petot, Jose
Allain, Yves Rallec, Charles Fortin, Louis
Cento, Jean Leporre, Yves Bequel, Joseph
Ilovat, Joseph Hellegus, Pierre Coquart,
James Crowlejr, Francis Hamel, Joseph,
Eseau, Tve» Mainguy. Jean Calvary,
Francis L. Gall, Vincent Rallec, Guen
olet Kerandror, Charles Bidaut, Hippo
lite Llngauy, Francis Licolas, Jean Ma
ne. Alars L. Mescai^y, Angele Dantec,
Alexis le Chero, Joseph Pierounc, Julian
Pierounc, Yves Easel, Mario Mainguy.
Juh s Bailie, Jean Bloun, Pierre Legar
dien. Jean Malgom, Francis Caulet, Yves
Larcher, Pierre Velsin.
Waiters and employes: Louis Thibaut,
Cortes Savage, Alphonse Rivaut, Jeanne
Tourage. Eleanor Devan, Henri Dobrava,
Pierre Goazamhis, Camille Clare, Ed
mund Cassey, Alexander Bouchard.
• 'harlps Huch, Eugene Thomas, Charles
La Croix, Emile Paulnier, Alexander Big
ear, Gaston Havel, Prosper Chauvin. Lou
is Gautier, Oliver Goodelio, Fernandino
Olivero, F. Gaussey, Henri le Fracois
Ernest Angel, Dufour Jacques, Francois
Lucas, Louis Leepert, Frances Sayers.
THE VESSEL AND ITS
GALLANT OFFICERS
NEW YORK, July 6.— La Bourgogne
was built In ISS6 at La Seyne. She was
a four-masted, ship-rigged screw steam
ship of 7359 tons gross register and of
8000 horse-power. She was 494.5 feet
long, had 52.2 feet beam and was 34.6
feet deep. She was built of steel and
iron and had twelve water-tight com
partments and carried water ballast.
The officers of La Bourgogne were:
Deloncles, commander.
Dupont (Fr.), second captain.
Pichard, first officer.
Delinge, second officer.
Rempler, third officer.
Dalido, chief engineer.
Brissac (Ch.), second engineer.
Gautier, third engineer.
Laisne, fourth engineer.
Durand, purser.
Scol, assistant purser.
Dr. del Pech, surgeon.
Captain Deloncles, who went down
with the ship, was about 40 years old.
He had been In command of La Bour
go-gne less than six months, prior to
which time he was captain of La Nor
mandie.
The British ship Cromartyshire, Cap
tain Henderson, sailed from Dunkirk
June 8 for Philadelphia. She Is a full
rigged, three-masted ship of 14G2 tons
register. She was built at Glasgow in
1879 and is owned by W. Law & Co. of
that city. She Is 248.9 feet long, has 32.9
feet beam and is 22 feet deep.
PROMINENT PERSONS
ON LA BOURGOGNE
NEW YORK, July 6.— Brother Am-
brose, who was lost with La Bourgogne,
was president of the Christian Broth
ers' College in Sacramento. His family
name was Fitzgerald. He was a
nephew of Rev. Brother Justin, who in
troduced the educational system of
Christian Brothers into the "West.
Brother Ambrose was born in Brook
lyn thirty-six years ago and educated
at St. James' School, conducted by
Christian Brothers in that city. At the
early age of 16 he entered the Order of
Christian Brothers and was sent West
to St. Mary's College in Oakland, Cal.,
of which his uncle, Brother Justin,
then was president. He remained there
as student and later as teacher until
five years ago, when he was made pres
ident of the Christian Brothers' Col
lege in Sacramento.
Hard work had somewhat impaired
his health durine the last six months,
and he was granted two months' leave
of absence, which he decided to spend
in France. Two weeks ago he came
East.
All Harlem to-night went into
mourning over the report that Rev.
Anthony Kessler, pastor of St. Joseph's
Roman Catholic Church, had been lost
in the destruction of La Bourgogne. No
clergyman in New York was more uni
versally popular with persons of every
denomination. Father Kessler leaves
two brothers, Frank and Joseph, who
own the largest onyx mines in Califor
nia and are owners of gold mines In
that section. They reside in San Fran
cisco.
As a cabin passenger on board
La Bourgo~ne was Rev. Cyprien Flor
iscene, the Dominican prior, O. S. P., at
Sherman Park, L. I.
Among the passengers were Mrs.
Thomas H. Whitney, child and maid.
Mrs. Whitney was the wife of Thomas
H. Whitney of the Albany Glass
Works. Glassboro, N. J. The Whit
neys' T-esldence was in Washington,
D. C.
Mrs. J. B. Coleman, another passen
gen, is known to the public as Bernice
Wheeler, the actress. She was married
less than a year ago, her husband be
in a resident of Lebanon. She was
26 years of age, and formerly resided
in Kansas City.
Yousouf, "the terrible Turk," was a
second cabin passenger. His name does
not appear in the list. It is said that
the wrestler was going back to Tur
key to resume his place in the Sultan's
household.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.— 8. Bar
trami, mentioned in the dispatches as
one of the passengers on the ill-fated
La Bourgogne, was an Italian rancher
living near this city. He has a brother
here and a family.
CHICAGO, July 6.— Among the pas
sengers on La Bourgogne were E.
R. Rundell and wife. Mr. Rundell was
vice-president of the Chicago Econo
mist. With Mr. and Mrs. Rundell were
Mrs. Edwin S. Osgood and son. aged
11 years. Mrs. Osgood was the wife of
E. S. Osgood of Osgood & Co., en
gravers, in the Woman's Temple. Ac
companying the party also were Miss
Harriet M. Tokor, assistant principal
of the Garfield School; Miss Floy
Reeves and Miss Fannie L. Hess of the
Lewis Institute. Mrs. Rundell. Miss
Reeves, Miss Tower and Miss Hess
went as delegates to the World's Run
day-school convention in London. Miss
Hess was from Grand Rapids, Mich.
DENVER, Colo., July 6.— Mrs. Mary
Picot, wife of a ranchman of Eliza
beth, Colo., bought a ticket in this city
last week for passage on La Bour
gogne. She said she intended to spend
the summer in France. So far as known
there was nobody else from Colorado
on the steamer.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 6.— Among
the second class passengers on La
Bourgogne was a Victoria lady named
Mrs. Pichou, who was going to Paris.
NEW ORLEANS, July 6.— The only
New Orleans people known to have
! been aboard La Rourgrogne are Mrs.
Jules Aldeig Sr., her daughter, Mrs.
Dr. Robert Borde, and the latter's lit
tle girl. Mrs. Aldeig and her daughter
i are well kn ,wn in New Orleans society.
BOSTON. July 6.— On La Bourgogne
from this city were Leon Barteau. a
' music teacher, and his wife; Albert
| Weiss, a member of the Boston Pym-
I phony orchestra: Miss Minnie Connors,
I foreign buyer for a dry goods house
' here, and Mrae. Arrouet, a French
dressmaker.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— Mr. and
Mrs. Anthony Pollock of this city were
jon La Bourgogne. Mr. Pollock is the
j senior member of the law firm of Pol-
I lock & Mauro, and is a man of large
moans. They had planned to remain
abroad three months. The agents of
the steamship company here have on
their lists also the names of Miss E. D.
Vallette and Mrs. C. Bourquln. The
I names of neither appear in the city
I directory.
PHILADELPHIA, July 6.— Two Phil
, adelphians known to have sailed on La
i Bourgogne were Francis Perm Steel
Jr., aged 24 years, and his sister, Ger
| trude, aged 17.
EIGHT PASSENGERS
WERE CALIFORNIANS
Captain Henderson and the chip
Cromartyshire are well known In this
port. On his last visit the captain was
accompanied by his wife and they
made many warm friends in San Fran
cisco. That was in September. October
and November. 1596. On the 21st of
the latter month the Cromartyshire
was towed to sea by the tug Vigilant.
She made a smart run home, and after
discharging was loaded at Liverpool
for Sydney, N. S. W.
From Sydney the Cromartyshire
went to Newcastle, N. S. W., and there
loaded coal for Astoria, In the Colum
bia River she took on 52,190 centals of
wheat, valued at $79,055, and with it
she arrived at Cork on May 3 last after
a passage of 151 days. Captain Hen
derson's wife accompanied him in all
his wanderings and was aboard the
ship when the catastrophe occurred.
J. J. Fuga/i & Co., the local agents
of La Bourgogne, sold eight tick
ets in this city as follows:
Second class — Louis Handle and
Mary Robali.
Third class— Mary Martin, A. Reg
giarcli, P. Pampanir, C. Albert!, G.
Caneta and E. Beltraini. The latter
was from Los Angeles.
LATEST REPORT
FROM SHAFTER
WASHINGTON, July 4.— Secretary
Alger received the following dispatch
from General Siafter this morning:
"PLAYA DEL ESTE, via Hayti, July
6, camp near Santiago, July s.— Hon.
Secretary of War, Washington: Cap
tains Alger and Sewell and Mr. Corbtn
are well. I am feeling better. Had
hoped to be up this morning, but, as
everything is quiet, I will remain still.
General Wheeler is feeble, but remains
with his command. General Young
leaves for Key West to-day. General
Hawkins is slightly wounded in the
foot. All the others are well.
"SH AFTER,
"Major General Commanding.**
•
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Stephen Breed,
T. Tripp. Miss Lucille Lynn, of SfTn
Francisco, have gone to Paris. John W.
Mackay to-day purchased and forwarded
to Santiago for the use of troops a
schooner-load of ice.
THE GOVERNMENT HOUSE IN HONOLULU.
CAPTAIN HENDERSON OF THE CROMARTYSHIRE AND MRS.
HENDERSON.
From a Photograph by the Elite.
HEARST'S SILLY
YARN LEADS TO
AN INQUIRY
GoverQmeot Will iQVestigate the
Charge That Captured Span
iards Were Beheaded.
W. ft. Hearst, acting as correspondent for his own papers, recently sent from Cuba the
story that one of his "special commissioners," who is also a Cuban soldier, had captured
and beheaded forty Spaniards. The yarn, ridiculous in itself, was made more so by the
silly embellishments. The statement, for instance, that the Cuban's face "glowed with
enthusiasm "; that he was " gracious and gentle"; that he " sniffed contemptuously " at
the idea that one of his race would do anything else than cut off the heads of captives,
stamped the narrative as fiction and inexcusable stupidity. But the Government seems to
have taken Hearst seriously and, doubtless, will brand his lie. If any Cuban, even a yel
low journalist, be fourd to be wantonly murdering prisoners, naturally the only proper
military course will bu it execute him. Is he be found to be merely a liar, as is doubtless
the case, there wit! tm nc result but a new exposure of Hearst methods.
NEW YORK, July 6.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Secretary Alger proposes to make a prompt investigation of Mr. Hearst's
charge that forty Spaniards who surrendered to a party of Cubans had
been beheaded. When I called the matter to his attention to-day he dis
credited the report.
"I have heard nothing of that character from General Shafter," he
said.
"Will you make an investigation?" I asked.
"Of course," he responded.
The Secretary took to his home a copy of the article written by Mr.
Hearst and will determine to-morrow upon the character of the action to
be taken.
Mr. Hearst's charge is not credited in official circles in the War De
partment.
"I have heard nothing of it," said Assistant Secretary Meiklejohru
"It is not true. I do not believe it."
Major General Miles was equally emphatic in his expression of dis
belief.
"I do not believe there is a single word of truth in the story," he
said to me. "If there were I would have received official notification."
Commissary General Eagan declared that the report undoubtedly
was false.
"In my opinion," said General Eagan, "Mr. Hearst's sole object in
writing such a story was to manufacture a sensation and obtain a
larger sale for his paper."
Notwithstanding the disbelief of the authorities, it was considered
wise to make an official investigation, so as to remove from the coun
try the stain which has been placed upon it by the charge that its
allies are murdering defenseless prisoners. It is expected that Secre
tary Alger will cable to-morrow to Major General Shafter directing him to
convene a court of inquiry to make a careful and thorough investigation
of the matter and to send a report to the department for his action.
Not only does Mr. Hearst's charge place this Government in an un
enviable light before the world, but the authorities say that it leaves the
door open for the Spaniards to make retaliation, and, further, will cause
them to die fighting rather than surrender to an enemy who may turn
them over to men who will promptly execute them.
Should the investigation confirm Mr. Hearst's charge, severe pun
ishment will be meted out to the men concerned. So long as the Cubans
are allies of the United States it is not proposed to permit them to mur
der defenseless prisoners and thus place upon this nation the stain of as
sisting in crime by reason of its relations with the insurgents.
It is the confident expectation of the authorities that the Cuban lead
ers will promptly disavow any connection with it, and that should it be
proved that some of the men under their command were concerned in the
reported execution of the Spaniards, they will mete out to them the punish
ment they deserve. If they do not, the United States authorities will take
the matter into their own hands.HAWAII TO COME
INTO THE UNION
ANNEXATION
RESOLUTION
IS PASSED
Senate Votes to Tal^e th)e
Hawaiian Islands Into
the Union.
Conditions Under Which the New
Territory Will Be Governed by
the United States.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, July 6.
Debate in the Senate termi
nated suddenly to-day, and the
Newlands resolution annexing
the Hawaiian Islands was passed
by a vote of 42 to 21. All the
Pacific Coast Senators, except
White, voted "aye." Early this
morning there was no indication
of a dissolution, but soon after
tl\e Senate met White. Pettigrew,
Jones and Allen held a confer
ence and decided that it was use
less to prolong- the discussion, in
asmuch as no other Senators had
expressed a desire to speak.
White. Jones. Pettigrew and
Allen had treated the project ex
haustively, and as no other Sen
ators cared to talk concluded
they would allow the vote to be
taken at once, as they did not
care to be put in the attitude of
filibusters. So Senator White
himself made the motion with
the result stated. After the vote
was announced Senator Davis,
chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, telephoned the
news to President McKinley and
received the latter's congratula
tions. The resolution will be
signed by the President immedi
ately after its engrossment.
It is said that there will be no
formal ceremony in taking pos
session of the islands, bat it is de
sired that a warship may be as
signed to convey the President's
proclamation to the islands, and
that the Philadelphia may also
carry a commission to Dole as
Governor. It is quite generally
believed that Dole will be ap
pointed. Indeed, this is said to
be a part of an agreement already
entered into.
The annexation resolution pro
vides that our public land laws
shail not apply to Hawaii, but
Qongress shall enact special laws
u>v their management and dispo
sition, the proceeds to be used for
educational purposes, for the ben
efit oi the inhabitants. The Pres
ident is empowered to appoint
civil, judicial and military officers
to act until Congress shall make
provision for Hawaii's govern
ment. All existing treaties with
foreign nations shall cease forth
with and be replaced by such
treaties as may exist or such as
may be hereafter concluded by
the United States and foreign na-
lions.
The existing customs laws and
regulations between Hawaii and
the United States and other
countries shall remain in force
until Congress makes other pro
visions. The public debt of Ha
waii is assumed by the United
States Government, but the lia
bility shall not exceed four mil
lion dollars. The existing Ha
waiian Government shall con
tinue to pay the interest on this
debt as long as said Government
continues.
Diere shall be no further im
mi^ntion of Chinese into the
Hawaiian Islands, except under
conditions imposed by United
States laws, and no Chinese shall
be allowed to enter the United
Sta - es from the islands.
The President shall appoint
: live commissioners, at least two
of whom shall be residents of the
islands, who shall, as soon as
practicable, recommend to Con
gress legislation for Hawaii's
government, and $100,000 is ap
! propriated to carry the resolu
1 tion into effect.
AS THE VOTE WAS
TAKEN BY SENATE
White's Amendment Beaten and
Then the Newlands Resolutions
Passed, 42 to 21.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— The annex
ation of Hawaii is now accomplished.
SANFORD B. DOLE,
President of the b\ovja\\ar) Republic, Who Is to Be Governor of the
Territory of Hawaii-
so far as the legislative branch of the
(liivornment is concerned.
Quito unexpectedly the resolutions
providing for the annexation of the
islands were brought to a vote in the
Senate late this afternoon and they
were passed by the decisive vote of 42
to 21.
Early .n to-day's session of the Sen
ate conferences of the leaders on both
Fides of th<- chamber were held and a
tacit agreement was reached that a
VI te should be taken to-morrow or
Fr'.day at the late.st. The opponents of
annexation practically had concluded
their arguments, and as they had no
desin to keep the Senate in session by
purely dilatory tactics they announced
their willingness that a vote should be
taken ze soon as White, Pettigrew and
Allen hud finished their speeches.
Finally* at 5:30 p. m., the resolutions
themselves, in precisely the form in
which they were received from the
House of I Representative, were re
ported to the Senate and the rollcall
began. No- a sound was to be heard
in the chamber except the call of the
clerk and the responses of Senators.
When the Vice-President announced
the vote by which the resolutions were
passed a tremendous wave of applause
swept through the galleries, which the
Vice-President made no effort to
check. Those who had advocated the
resolutions expressed their pleasure by
shaking hands with one another, and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
on all sides evident relief -was shown
that the end had come. For a few
minutes so much good-natured confu
sion existed that the dignity of the
Senate was threatened, hut the Vice-
President quietly reminded the Sena
tors that the session was not yet at an
end.
The Senate concurred in the House
amendment to the peneral deficiency
bill, thus passing the last of the appro
priation measures.
At the conclusion nf Allen's speech
White offered an amendment striking
from the preamble of the Hawaiian reso
lutions the words "in due form" and in
scrtlnj? the words "by a treaty which has
never been ratified, but is now pending
in the Senate of the T'nited States."
Briefly commenting upon the dis
cussion of the situation Teller of
Cololado expressed the opinion that the
opponents of the pending resolutions had
acted in good faith and had consumed no
more time than had been necessary to
properly present their views.
In the course of a statement Davis said
he had never believed that the opponents
of the resolutions had been actuated by
any other than honest purposes and con
scientious opinions.
"I desire to say." paid he. "that I am
satisfied this earnest and able debate has
not transcended the proper parliamentary
limits essential to a full and free discus
sion."
After a statement by Hale, in which he
said he supported the resolutions, but not
as a war measure, a vote was taken on
"White's amendment. It was rejected — JO
to 20, the detailed vote being as follows:
A', s— Allen, Bacon, Bate. Berry, CafTery,
(""hllton, Clay, T>aniel. Faulkner, Jones of Ar
kansas, Lindsay, McEnery. Mallory, Mitchell.
Pasco, Pettigrew, Roach, Turley, Turpie,
White— 2o.
Noes— Baker, Burrows, Gannon. Carter. Clark.
Cullom, Davis. Devoe, Klkins. Fairbanks. For
akfr. Frye, Gallinger, Gorman, Hale. Hans
1 i Ugh, Hawtey, Hoar. Kyle. I^odffe. Mcßrlde,
McLaurln, Money, Morgan, Nelson, Tenrose.
Perkins, Pettus, Plati of Connecticut. FVhoh
ard. Proctor, Sewell, Shoup. Spunner, Sullivan,
Toller, Warren, Wellington, Wilson. Wolcott
— 4'l.
Pettiprew then offered his amendment
'■> repeal the contract labor laws now In
force on the Hawaiian Islands. It was
rejected — 51 to L' 2.
Bacon of Georgia offered an amend
i mi'iit providing that the annexation reso
lutions should not be operative until they
i had been approved by a majority of the
electors of Hawaii. Defeated— 2o to 42.
Faulkner of West Virginia offered an
amendment providing that the duties of
the civil, judicial and military powers
; shall be exercised under authority of ex
, istinp laws not in conflict with the con
■ stitution and laws of the United States.
Rejected- 20 to 4-'<-
Allen offered an amendment placing 1 an
Internal revenue tux of I cent a pound
on Hawaiian sugar. It was defeated— 67
to 4— the four voting for the amendment
; being- Allen, Morrill, McEnery and Petti
grew.
Pettigrew offered an amendment that
all native-born mal<> Hawaiian? over 21
years of age and all naturalized aliens
shall be allowed to vote in the elections
in Hawaii. Defeated— 4B to lfi.
Lindsay of Kentucy offered as a sub-
I stitute for the resolutions certain sections
; of the annexation treaty, which was un
] d«-r discussion last winter. It was re
lected ;7 to 17.
Gear of lowa offered an amendment
i providing that all silver money coined by
the Hawaiian Government shall be main
tain.<t at a parity with the money of the
United States. Without division the
amen rnent was defeated.
Nil more amendments being offered, the
resolutions, having been considered in
rommitti'i-' of the whole, were reported to
the Senate and placed upon their adop
tion.
The resolutions were adopted, 42 to 21,
the detailed vote being as follows:
1 Ayes— Allison, Baker, Burrows, Cannon, Car
ter, Clarke, Cullom, Davis, Deboe, Kikins,
Fairbanks, Foraker, Frye, (lallinwr, Gnrman.
Hale, Haniiii, Hansbruugh, Hawley. Hotjr,
Kyli-. Lodge, Mcßrt&e, MteLauriß, Money, Mor
gan, Nelson, Penrose, Perkins, Pettus, I'latt of
Connecticut, Pritchard. Proctor, Seweii, Bhoup,
Sullivan, Teller, Warren, Wellington, Wetmore,
Wilt on, w olcoti 12.
Noes— Allen, Bacon, I'.ato, Berry, Caffcry,
Chllton, Clay, Dartlel, Faulkner. Jones of Ne
vada. Lindsay, Mcßnery, Mallory. Mitchell,
Morrill, Paste, ivtttgrew. Roach, Turley, Tur-
Ijie, White— 2l.
There were twelve pairs announced, as
follows, the names of those who would
nave voted in the affirmative being given
first in each instance: Rawlins with
Butler, < "handler v.ith Vest, Murphy with
Cockrell, Quay with Gray, Stewart with
Mills. Smith with Gear, Aldrich with
j Jones of Arkansas, McMillan withKenney,
Mantle with Martin, Platt with Spoonei ,
Turner with Thurston, Mason with Till
lnan.
Senators Harris ami Heitf'-ldt were ab
sent, unpaired, but the announcement was
made by their respective colleagues that
If present they would vote for the reso
lutions.
Hale called up the deficiency bill and
moved to concur In the amendment to
the question In disagreement. This mo
tion was agreed to, the bill thus belns
I passed.
AN OFFICER
DESCRIBES
THE BATTLE
Aboard the lowa During the
Crushing of Cervera's
Ships.
Furious Slaughter Followed by
Touching Courtesy to Cap
tured Spanish Officers.
NEW YORK, July 6.— ln anticipation
of the great battle between the Amer
ican fleet and the Cape Verde squad
ron, commanded by Admiral Cervera,
The Call, in combination with the New
York Herald, secured the services of
an expert naval authority on board one
of the battle-ships to write a technical
description of the fight when it oc
curred. During the engagement the
writer was at his post of duty and
could not possibly furnish his narrative
when The Call-Herald dispatch-boat
Golden Rod left the scene of action to
steam at full speed to Port Antcmio and
iile In the cable office a full account of
the battle, which The Call and Herald
printed exclusively on Tuesday morn
ing.
..nen the writer agreed to furnish
The Call and Herald with the" descrip
tion which follows he telegraphed: "1
will write the story unless Killed in bat
tle. If anything happens to me I trust
one of the other officers to be spared
will render The Call and the Herald the
service which they revest."
This account is, therefore, the first
technical description of the battle
printed anywhere. The Call regrets
that it is unable to give the signature
of the writer to the story, but strict
naval regulations prevent.
ON BOARD THE UNITED STATES
SHIP IOWA, OFF SANTIAGO, July 4,
by the Call-Herald dispatch boat Gol
den Rod to Port Antonio, July 6. — On
Sunday morning, July 3, our watching
ships lay rolli. in easy surges off the
harbor of Santiago. Their distances
fnun the guarded haven varied from
four to six thousand yards, and there,
with an unsparing alertness, they
waited for the promised dash which all
hoped for, but feared might never
come.
A little after three bells in the fore
noon watch the inspection of the ship
had been concluded, and as Lieutenant
Van Duser, the officer of the watch, was
relieving the navigating officer. Lieu
tenant Scheutze, then officer of the
deck, he heard a quick cry to call the
captain, followed by the shout, "There
come the Spaniards out of the harbor."
The trained eye of the alert officer
had marked the thin trail of drifting
smoke and before the signals "Clear
ship for action" had been given the
bows of the Spanish vessels, rushing in
"line ahead," were seen darting around
Socapa point for the open sea.
In a moment all was bustle and
trained energy. Men rushed to their
quarters, guns were trained and in less
than twenty seconds the whistling
shriek of the rapid-fire gun warned
the startled fleet of the hot work await
ing. In two minutes every gun on
shipboard was cast loose, manned,
loaded and ready for the long-expected
signal to fire.
At the yardarm of our battle-ship
a string of signal flags warned the
fleet that the enemy was trying to es
cape, but even before the answering
pennants of the other ships announced
their understanding of the message
all vessels were dashing to their sta
tions long before the allotted time, for
the emergency which had come at last.
It was a splendid spectacle. The
Spaniards with bottled steam cleared
the harbor's mouth seemingly in a mo
ment. Under their eager prows a col
umn of foam whitened the long billows
and ih.ir bubbling wakes left a furrow
as straight and sharp as a racing
yacht making a winning run for the
finish line. Their course was shaped
for the westward, but as fast as they
sped in their desperate break for free
dom, the faster flew the shells of the
pursuing Americans. Tho first heavy
sh<Ml from the lowa's battery fell short,
and then, by mischance, so did
the second, but afterward a rain of
shot fell upon the fleeing foe.
Not a whit behind in this eager fu
sillade roared the batteries of the Span
ish ships. Their port broadsides
flamed and grumbled, but it was a
splendid display of fireworks rather
than a successful effort to damage the
unharmed targets of the Yankee ships.
In fifteen minutes after they were
discovered four Spanish armored cruis
ers had cleared the entrance, and five
minutes later the torpedo-boat de
stroyers, hugging the beach and seek
ing the sheltering broadside of their
sister ships, flew into the turmoil of the
action.
At this time every gun of the Amer
ican squadron that could be brought to
bear was pumping projectiles into the
enemy. In an instant it almost seemed
one ship of the Vizcaya class burst into
flames, caused, undoubtedly, by a long
sure shot from the Oregon or Texas.
A minute later a 12-inch projectile sent
from a forward turret struck the Ma
ria Teresa near her after smokepipe.
A tremendous explosion followed. Then
phe was shrouded in smoke and was
lighted with lurid flames; and then,
when the powder cloud cleared away
she was seen helm hard a-port
rushing for the beach.
Twenty-five minutes after the first
ship had freen sighted half the Spanish
fleet had surrendered or was on fire.
As our vessels rushed toward them
every ship was hulled time and again
and it almost seemed from the sureness
and directness of our batteries as if -it
were target practice of a summer
morning, and not the annihilation of a
squadron. Even this interval would
have been shortened measurably, for
aiding them and hindering us was the
cloud of smoke which concealed and at
best only half revealed the wreck of the
enemy. It was a grand, sad sight — a
pathetic one to seamen, who know how
much patient thought and patriotic ef
fort had gone into the construction of
these splendid vessels, now lying
bruised and burning on the shores they
had hoped to defend.
There was no time, however, to in
dulge in emotions of sympathy or of
pity, for still rushing eagerly west
ward, closely followed by the New
York and at a further distance by the
Indiana, came the torpedo-boat de
stroyers. In hot' eagerness of destruc
tion we turned louse our smaller guns
on these loudly heralded and ineffec
tive craft, and finally by a lucky hit
dropped a 12-inch shell into the bow of
the leading destroyer. At the same in
stant the little Hint was rapidly clos
ing upon them, pouring a sickening
flre into their fragile hulls. The Glou
cester joined in this splendid assault,
and so sure and so effective was their
rapid flre of projectiles that both tor
pedo boats swung their helms hard-a
port, ran for slime and buried what
was left of them among the pitiless
rooks of the coast.
By a quarter past 10 we were in full
cry after the other Spanish ships, then
about four miles ahead, busy with hot
replies to the determined assaults of
the Oregon, Texas and Brooklyn. Bend
ing every energy to overtake the Co
lon, which was then live miles away
and perhaps two miles ahead in a di
rect line and a mile and a half further
inshore, we picked up the Hying Viz
caya. The game must have seemed up
to her then, f r with a quick turn to
starboard she ran shoreward, and we
saw in an instant that she was flaming
fore and aft. . . beautiful Spanish Hat;
Boating from her "-aft and another
higher still from her maintopmast
head showed her t<> be the flagship of
the second in command. She lagged
heavily In the water; no longer did she
carry the In me in her teeth and her
foaming wake was gone. When we
drew near we saw something had gone
amiss with her, for just as we swung
with a touch of our helm to give her
a finishing broadside the beautiful
Hags drifted from the truck and gaff
end and the white Hag of surrender
went up and the cheers of our ship
went with it.
We stopped our engines when close
aboard and hoisted cut our boats to
save her people. We received on hoard
250 of her crew. The Hist took another
hundred, and that was all that was
left of them, for the other hapless sail
ors were lying dead and wounded on
her burning decks.
The conflagration aboard this ship
was astounding, and even now, when
the opportunity for calm reflection has
com< it. is impossible to explain where
so much inflammable material could
have been collected on board an ar
mored vessel.
Through the air ports and gun ports
of the doomed ship quivering tires shone
with blood-red light upon the light
woodwork of the bridge and upper
deck, and long tongues of flame licked
the towering masts. Over the ship a
cloud of rosy light hovered, and when,
after a time, explosions of free powder
were added, great volumes of smoke
shut out the sky.
Several explosions of terrific force
followed, but notwithstanding this and
while the flames were still quivering
through every outlet and encircling the
hull our boats were busy rescuing
the unfortunate wounded and the more
lucky of the survivors who had sought
the water or shore as their only refuge
from a dreadful death.
When the Spanish captain of the Viz
caya, that courteous Eulate, of whom
we heard so much when his ship was
in the harbor of New York, was lifted
over the side and half carried aft, he
presented his sword to Captain Evans
as a symbol, but Evans, gentle as he
is brave, declined to receive it, and
waving it back with a friendly gesture,
he grasped the hand of the Spaniard
and welcomed his brother officer to the
hospitality of the ship.
Much affected by his reception- Cap
tain Eulate asked permission to meet
the lowa's officers and to each he gave
a warm grip of his hand and a friendly
word of gratitude before he was car
ried below. The Oregon and Brooklyn
joined in the attack, but were a little
too far out to get into the best of it,
and their efforts were directed more to
head off and catch the Colon than to
join in the general action. There was
wisdom in this, approved by all good
sailors, for they knew what work was
cut out for them and in what good
hands the other ships were left.
The glorious Texas, no longer a
"hoodoo," gave Its principal attention
to the Vizcaya. and one of her 12-inch
shells, smashi through the fire room
of the Spaniard, caused her to make
that quick turn to shore which at first
we did not understand. The New York
was so far to eastward that we had a
long chase and a stern chase before
she got into action, and she passed us
Just after the Vizcaya surrendered.
She made a splendid marine picture
aa she rushed eagerly in hot chase
after the Colon, and as she shot past
we gave Sampson cheer after cheer,
and cheer after cheer came back to us
from as gallant a crew as ever served
a gun or fed a roaring furnace.
Some of the crew had swum to the
beach, but finding the hostile shores
commanded by alert parties of Cuban
HUNTINGTON
HAS WON THE
BIG FIGHT
Secures Virtual Refunding
of Pacific Roads
Debts.
House Finally Passes the Amend
ment to the General
Deficiency Bill.
Call Office, Riggs House,
WASHINGTON, July 6.
C. P. Huntington, by perseverance
and hard work on the part of his in
struments In Washington, has finally
succeeded in staving off for another
period of years the Central Pacific's
debt to the Government. California's
representatives made a stubborn re
sistance, but it was Qseless, and Mor
gan's amendment to the deficiency hill
passed to-day by an overwhelming
vote.
Maguire, Hilborn, De Vrles, Barlow
and Castle vo-ted against the resolu
tion, Barham voted for it, while Loud
refrained from voting.
The amendment provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of
the Interior and Attorney General, and
their successors in office, be appointed
a commission with full power to settle
the indebtedness up<,-n such terms and
in such manner as may be agreed upon
by a majority of them and the owners
of said railroad; provided, that any and
all settlements thus made shall be sub
mitted in writing to the President for
his approval or disapproval, v and un
less approved by him shall not be bind
ing.
The commission shall not agree to ac
cept a less sum in settlement of the
amount due the United States than the
full amount of the principal and inter
est unpaid and due at the time of said
settlement. The commission is empow
ered to grant such time or times of
payment by installment, and at such
rates of interest, to be not less than 3
per cent per annum, payable semi-an
nually, and with such security as tv
said commission may seem expedient.
Representative Maguire admits that
the action of the House to-day practi
cally amounts to a refunding proposi
tion, against which he has fought dur
ing his entire Congressional term, but
though defeated, he consoles himself
with the belief that the Califurnia peo
ple will not hold him responsible, but
will lay the blame at the door of the
Republican Congress.
There was a lively exchange of repar
tee between Maguire and Hepburn to
day, when the latter insinuated that
Maguire's opposition to the Pacinc
soldiers, they fought in a mad en
deavor to get on board the ship's boats
rather than surrender to an enemy
whom they knew to be pitiless. Every
oflicer and man on the lowa gave
clothes of some sort to the rescued sail
ors, and their reception must have
taught them that the despised Yankee
was not the inhuman brute their orii
cers had taught them to believe. The
paymasters' stores of the ships were
drawn upon lavishly to clothe the
Spanish officers and men, and when
alter a while they were dried and fed
it was interesting to note the relief
all seemed to feel, now that their long
suspense of BO many weeks was over.
At one time the lowa was engaged
with all the ships single handed. The
Spanish officers told us later that their
orders were to concentrate their lire on
her and every effort must be made to
disable her, as she was the most dan
gerous antagonist of all awaiting them.
But, as one of the Spanish officers
added, with a fine air of perplexity:
"We found that all the ships were
equally dangerous, and that after all
was said and done, it was four ships
against four, and one of these, the
Brooklyn, was much more lightly ar
mored and gunned than any of ours."
Reckoning up the data of this memor
able fight, which it was our good for
tune to take part in, we find that "in
less than twenty-five minutes two ,it"
their ships were wrecked; in less, than
three-quarters of an hour a third sur
rendered; in fifty-six minutes from the
time the first dashing Spaniard was
sighted all hands were piped down,
guns were secured and our boats were
In the water to save what was left c-f
the Vizcaya's crew.
At 5 o'clock in the afternoon of that
memorable Sunday the lowa arrived off
the entrance to Santiago, the Glou
cester keeping company with us after
speaking the Indiana and exchanging
cheers that made the welkin ring.
"When alongside the Indiana Captain
Kvans hailed his brother-in-law, Cap
tain Taylor of that ship, and told him
to send Admiral Cervera on board,
and he would put at his disposal the
vacant admiral's cabin of our ship. Th.3
gallant but defeated sailor came along
side in the Gloucester's boat and was
received with all honors due his rank
and station. A full marine guard was
paraded, bugles flourished a salute,
and when the official side was finished
the reception accorded him by the cap
tured officers of the Vizcaya showed
the affectionate regard with which the
fearless gentleman was held by those
who served under him. Captain Eu
late wore the sword Captain Evans had
refused to accept, and he pointed t<> it
with pathetic pride as he told of the
reception accorded him by the lowa's
captain. It was an affecting and heart
warming sight and made a fitting close
to a day that will be remembered for
the glories it yielded to our arms at
sea. ____________
TOD SLOAN ILL.
The Jockey Suffering From an Attack
of Appendicitis.
NEW YORK, July C— Tod Sloan is re
ported to be seriously ill at Shoepshead
Bay, with an attack of appendicitis.
roads was actuated by his ambition to
be elected Governor of California,
TACKED ON TO THE
DEFICIENCY BILL
How the House Voted to Virtually
Refund the Pacinc Rail
road Debt.
"WASHINGTON, July 6.— The House
to-day after a debate of four hours
concurred in the Senate amendment to
the general deficiency bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior, the At
torney General and the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle, with the approval of
the President, the indebtedness of the
Central and Western Pacific roads to
the Government. The amendment was
concurred in by the vote of 96 to 86.
An amendment was offered and
adopted to the Pacific railroad amend
ment providing that unless settlement
■\as reached within one year the Presi
dent should begin foreclosure proceed
ings to collect all money due the Gov
ernment.
During the day Hilhorn (R.) of Cali
fornia, Mcßae (D.) of Arkansas, New
lands (Sil. R.) of Nevada, Castle (Pop.)
of California, Barlow (R.) of California,
De Vrles-(I>.) of California, and Flem
ing (D.) of Georgia spoke in opposition,
while Crow (R.) of Pennsylvania,
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio, Hepburn (R.)
of lowa and Cannon (R.) of Illinois
supported the amendment.
The conference reports upon the bills
to increase the force "f the ordnance
Department and to protect harbor de
fenses and fortifications against in
jury were adopted.
At 4:55 the House adjourned.
H_ A
ga
ff-TBUFTT-gfTililinWrt tfUff Tfl-KHWraH-— cqf
The many men of this world
who suffer from the effects of
foolish practices would make an
army. But it would be an army
of weaklings. It could accom-
plish nothing if called upon. These
half-men are not full of the fire
that it takes to make a good
soldier. They feel at all times
as though they need help. And
quite often they fear that they
will never be able to get any.
Early follies may be made up for,
though, if you only seek help
where you are certain to find it.
The moment that you feel that
you are being assisted you begin
to
VT y li^r'Vfi < ''i<'i^^''*^rVi' > - ; n>'-"' : "'r' fl *^M?<'^tiH f - a *-^''-^'^?
You sec the trembling limbs and
the weary and worn feeling go-
Ing. You feel new life and new
vigor corning. The blood is bound-
ing in every vein of your frame
and your muscles tingle with the
fire of youth. What is there
which will make such a transfor-
mation in men who have abused
strength instead of using ; it?
"Hudyan." That word is magic
to thousands of ears. *.* Hudyan '*
has made 20,000 men. It is na-
ture's remedy for depleted man-
hood. Write and ask for free
circulars and testimonials telling
you v/hat it has done. No cent
of cost to you. The best medi-
cal advice in the world is free
as well. Get back to
»■■>:*, ... ■^.■_.yr:^sf-^ -- J1?J 1?r l gr;i yZT-TZ't* &lZ---7 V ,-rsr? tf*^
All forms of blood taint are eradicated by
"30-day Wood cur- You should ask for clr»
culars about it. They are free. too. The pol«
ron is driven clear out of the system. No aftet
effects at all.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AHD ELLIS STS.,
: San Francisco. ;
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.Dr POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGEBA &. CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS
84
VAIN ATTEMPT TO BLOCK
ENTRANCE OF THE HARBOR
BUT THE
HULK IS
A TARGET
Six Spaniards filled in
Mutiny on the
Harvard.
ThrilliQg SceQes AttCQdiQg tfye
Rescue of Sean)en prom Cer
vera's Blazing Ships.
Bpeclal cable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH ADMIRAL, SAMPSON'S
FLEET, OFF SANTIAGO, Tuesday,
July 5, by the Call-Herald dispatch
boat Somers N. Smith, to Kingston,
Jamaica, "Wednesday, July 6. — In a
frantic effort to block the entrance to
Santiago harbor and save the city from
bombardment by the American fleet
the Spanish early yesterday morning
ran the Reina Mercedes ashore not far
from the wreck of the Merrimac.
This move was decided upon when It
became known that Admiral Cervera
would take his fleet from the harbor
and attempt to escape. There was a
feeling of temporary security in the
city as long as Cervera's fleet was there
to oppose the American fleet should
Admiral Sampson succeed in running
past the forts. "With the Spanish fleet
gone, however, the mines in the har
bor were practically the city's only de
fense against bombardment.
The Reina Mercedes, which had been
used as a hospital ship, was sent out
toward the mouth of the harbor and
there run ashore. Those in charge of
her did not succeed in their mission, for
the vessel does not block the entrance
of the harbor.
Admiral Sampson, when he learned
of the Spanish attempt to imitate Hob
eon's feat, decided to give his men some
target practice, with the Reina Mer
cedes as a target. He ordered the In
diana to throw a few shells into the
Spanish vessel. The Indiana started In
shore on this mission shortly before 12
o'clock last night. The battle-ship
crept slowly forward to escape detec
tion. When she had been maneuvered
to a commanding position she poured a
broadside from her batteries in the di
rection of the Reina Mercedes. It was
Impossible, owing to the darkness, vo
determine Just what was the effect of
the Indiana's fire on the Spanish vessel.
While making preparations for the
attack a shell burst below the Indiana's
forward deck, the explosion tearing a
hole through the deck. Fortunately
none of the Americans were killed.
Four hundred Spanish prisoners on
the Harvard mutinied and made a hos
tile demonstration against the Ameri
can sailors. The Harvard's captain, as
soon as he learned of the mutiny, re
solved to take firm steps. He ordered
his men to fire on the Spaniards, six
of whom were killed and twelve wound
ed. This had a quieter effect on
the prisoners and order was restored.
The American loss in destroying Cer
vera's fleet was but one killed and two
■wounded. All were on the Brooklyn.
The Spanish loss is estimated at 400
killed and 1600 taken prisoners. Five
hundred of the prisoners are wounded,
200 seriously and 300 slightly. Those
whose wounds are most serious have
been transferred to the Solace and Oli
vette. There are 700 of the prisoners
on the Harvard, 300 on the St. Louis,
504 on the Resolute, while other pris
oners are distributed among the other
vessels of the fleet. Admiral Cervera
Is on the lowa, Captain Eulate is
aboard the St. Louis and the command
er of the Cristobal Colon is on Samp
son's flagship.
The commander of the Oquendo, who,
as I told in a preceding dispatch, com
mitted suicide, made plans to have his
vessel destroyed. When he saw his
vessel could not much longer withstand
the fire of the American fleet the cap
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the ex«retions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing- any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell ft, especially
iruggiste ; all aorta oi people use it.
tain ordered all his men below, had
the hatches closed, poured oil on the
decks, and applied the torch. He then
fired a pistol shot into his brain.
Captain Eulate suffered the heaviest
loss of any of the Spanish command
ers. More than half of the crew of the
Vizcaya were killed.
The naval battle lasted exactly fifty
six minutes, but during that time the
Spaniards were unable to inflict even
slight damage upon our fleet. Commo
dore Schley says the Brooklyn was hit
thirty-six times, but all the enemy's
shot fell harmlessly ipto the sea.
The men on Admiral Cervera's flag
ship were paralyzed with fear. After
they had run up the white flag and
while the Americans were approaching
the Colon to take them off the men
shouted "Viva los Americanos," at the
same time appealing for mercy. The
officers and crew, numoering 504 men,
were taken on board the Brooklyn, and
yesterday were transferred to the Reso
olute.
An attempt was made by the Oregon
to drag the Cristobal Colon off the reef
on which she struck. This only made
matters worse and the Spanish vessel
now is lying broadside on and fast go
ing to pieces.
Captain "Bob" Evans quickly
brought to terms some Cuban sharp
shooters, who, after the fleet had been
destroyed, were picking off helpless
Spanish sailors who drifted past on
bits of wreckage. These sharpshooters
also were firing at Spaniards strug
gling in toward shore. Captain Evans
landed some marines from the lowa to
protect the survivors, and sent word to
the Cubans that he would shell their
positions if they continued their guer
rilla tactics. This warning had the de
sired effect, and no further trouble of
that kind was experienced.
The work of rescuing the Spanish
survivors was directed by Lieutenant
Bell of the Harvard. The Chicago
naval reserves manned boats and
dragged the exhausted Spaniards from
the wreckage and the water. To get
the survivors back on board the ships
it was necessary to fill them with
brandy. Most of the Spanish seamen
were drunk during Sunday'? battie,
they having been \\*ell supplied with
liquor on the night before the fleet
made its dash for the sea. Constant
danger attended the rescuing of the
Spaniards, owing to frequent explo
sions on board Cervera's ships, all of
which were heavily stocked with am
munition. From Sunday noon until
yesterday morning the men in our fleet
were treated to a most remarkable ex
hibition of fireworks.
The Spanish survivors were practi
cally naked when rescued, but within
an hour clothing and shoes had been
provided for all. They had been made
quite comfortable by Sunday evening.
They will be sent north to-morrow on
the Harvard and St. Louis. Admiral
Cervera, I am informed, obtained his
first news of Dewey's victory after he
had been taken prisoner.
Captain Usher of the Ericsson made
a hard run to get a shot at the Vizcaya,
but the white flag was floating over
Captain Eulate's ship when the Erics
son came up.
"American shells had torn holes
through the Vizcaya's 12-inch plates,"
said Captain Usher afterward, "and
through them I could see naked men,
bloody and gashed, roasting in the
shelj. Her guns had been left shotted
and were going off by themselves from
the heat, but by care we were able to
get alongside. Her decks and sides
were red hot. Two men were climbing
down a davit tackle, and as the ship
rolled they would swing against her
scorching side, then swing back and
out again. I took 110 men oft the Viz
caya, all as bare as when they were
born. I know no worse sight than
naked men with bleeding wounds ex
posed. One swam toward me.
" 'Are you an officer?' I asked.
" 'No,' he answered, 'only a mournful
soldier.'
"From none of the wounded came a
whimper or groan. In my clreams I
had seen the Vizcaya in just such dis
tress and had succored her crew. In
disposing of them I placed them about
my little deck just as I had done in my
dream."
From the third officer of the Infanta
Maria Teresa it is learned the Span
lards were overwhelmed by the inten
sity of the American fire.
"We could not breathe and were
blinded by fire. We knew from the
first we had no chance to escape."
Admiral Cervera's preparations for
dashing out of Santiago harbor had
been under way four days. Not only
did he have a large supply of ammuni
tion on board, but he had taken on pro
visions enough for a long voyage.
One of Cervera's officers. I am told,
declares that the attempt to escape
was done for its political effect in
Spain rather than the hope it would be
successful. Admiral Sampson has been
giving much thought to the possibility
of saving one or more of Cervera's
ships. The admiral to-day inspected
the wrecks and found the armor plates
of the vessels perforated with holes
The Vizcaya is little more than a sieve
Boys Arrested for Murder.
SANTA , BARBARA. July 6.— Three
Spanish boys named Flores, Pena and
Quintero. were arrested to-night at Lob
Alamos for the murder of Daniel Hanley
last night, on Buell flats. Bloodstains
and' other incriminating evidence/ were
found. --_...._ . —- .. -- ■■ i "vi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
"SHIFTER
SHOULD BE
RELIEVED"
Brigade Officers Demand
Trjat H is Successor
Be Named.
Commander Is 111 in Bed and H'S
Men Are in a Wretched
Plight.
We are in the face of possible disaster.
. . . Truthfully, the expedition was pre
pared in ignorance and conducted in a
series of blunders. Its commanding gen
•eral has not yet been even within two miles
of the scene of operation. ... He was
overcome by heat and has been lying on
his back the greater part of the time ever
since. . . . If he is ill he should be re
lieved ; if .not, the presence of some man
with absolute authority is necessary at the
front. lam quoting what the brigade com
manders demand.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
Special cable to The Coll and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
IN THE TRENCHES, SAN
JUAN, Cuba, July 3, by The
Call-Herald dispatch-boat Som
ers N. Smith to Kingston, Ja
maica, July 6. — As far as the
Spaniards permitted the army
rested to-day. No advance was
made because no advance was
possible without artillery.
Little reply was made to the
constant infantry fire from San
tiago last night. The Spaniards
opened upon the entire line with
shrapnel and Mausers. Our
troops replied, and after an hour's
firing ceased. Only a few were
wounded. The chief effect was
to destroy the men's rest, which
they sorely needed.
The situation at present is this:
Santiago rises from the harbor to
the crest of a long hill. Three
quarters of a mile back from the
hill are the hills of San Juan, oc
cupied by our entire army. Our
troops took the hills before the
artillery had arrived. We cleared
them of the enemy's troops and
lost many men. Now that we
have them we cannot again ad
vance until the artillery has
opened the way.
Another such victory as that
of July i and our troops must
retreat. The situation is exceed-
ingly grave.
Judging from the quality and
quantity left behind them in the
trenches, the Spaniards are boun
tifully supplied with food. Their
fire is constant and heavy, show
ing no lack of ammunition. The
city . is protected by heavy
guns. We have only sixteen 3
inch guns, for the siege guns
have not even been taken from
the ships. It is as impossible to
take Santiago with the infantry
now overlooking its walls as to
open a safe with a pocket pistol.
I have been writing about this
campaign since it opened and cer
tainly I have not bee*n an alarmist.
Mistakes have been made, yet the
present does not seem to be the
time to comment upon them, and
thus cause needless anxiety.
The situation here now is crit
ical, alarming, and it would be
false to make it out otherwise.
The troops should never have
been sent here without the en
tire force of artillery at Tampa,
and until it arrives they can
neither advance nor retreat. They
can only lie on their faces or be
shot at if they rise. They have
been in most cruel heat and wet,
with frequent showers, for three
days. They are unable to move
about. They are under an un
ceasing fire. Even the strongest
and bravest cannot stand such a
strain long. Lack of speech, of
exercise, of food and of tobacco
and the incessant fire of bullets
and shrapnel will destroy any
constitution.
I went along the trenches this
morning and saw men lying in
the high grass, which was as wet
as a sponge. The dew had not
been out of the clothes they wore
since June 30. They had not
even had time to take them off
for a bath. Some of them had
been without food for forty-eight
hours. When the food did come
it was hardtack and coffee. Those
who smoke — and they are in the
majority — were suffering agonies
from lack of tobacco. Their
nerves were so unstrung in con
sequence that as a substitute they
were smoking grass, tea leaves
and herbs.
Overhead the fire was inces
sant. Ten men at a time manned
the rifle pits and were relieved
every hour. The rest of the com
pany or troop lay lower down the
crest, trying to sleep. Shrapnel
burst over them, killing and
wounding several. They were
under uninterrupted fire from
sharpshooters.
I do not see how men not made
of iron can stand such a state of
affairs much longer. It is not a
question of weeks, but of hours.
This may sound hysterical, yet it
is written with the most serious
and earnest intention. We are in
the face of possible disaster.
Nothing has been done by these
expeditions beyond proving the
heroic courage of the American
soldiers.
Truthfully, the expedition was
prepared in ignorance and con
ducted in a series of blunders. Its
commanding general has not yet
been even within two miles of the
scene of operations. That officer
rode to a hill two miles from San
Juan the day before the battle.
He was overcome by heat and has
been lying on his back the
greater part of the time ever
since.
General Wheeler, who refused
to remain in bed with his fever,
is here beside me, asleep on a
poncho with bullets passing over
him. ♦
There are Generals Sumner,
Kent, Lawton and Chaffee and
Colonel Wood. Never before
have so many commanding offi
cers lived so constantly on the fir
ing line; yet the man who is sup
posed to direct the entire expedi
tion is in a tent at the rear.
If he is ill, he should be re
lieved; if not, the present of
some man with absolute author
ity is necessary at the front I
am quoting what the brigade
commanders demand.
• The commanding general's or
ders are disobeyed without a mo
ment's hesitation. I have heard
them countermanded in my pres
ence by colonels.
This is written with the sole
purpose that the entire press of
the country will force instant ac
tion at Washington to relieve the
strained situation. Here is what
is needed: First, artillery; but,
as that cannot arrive soon, the
navy must be urged until it acts.
General Pando with 6000 men is
at Santiago. Admiral Sampson
could do much by landing stores,
guns and quick-firing guns and
bluejackets and coming to the
rescue of the men along the hills.
He can bombard the city or lose
a few torpedo-boats and force his
way into the harbor.
He asked that the army should
come here. Well, it is here, hold
ing its own on the hills which it
captured with such loss.
The army needs artillery. It
needs some one in command who
is well, strong and able to stand
the hardships of a campaign. It
needs reinforcements and it needs
mules for transports. And it
needs all these things — now.
R. H. DAVIS.
WARSHIPS DESTROY THE
CRUISER ALFONSO XII
NEW YORK, July 6.— A cablegram
to the Sun from Havana, via London,
says: The Spanish cruiser Alfonso
XII, which left this harbor to-day, pro
ceeded eight miles to the westward be
fore she was discovered by the Ameri
can blockading squadron. The latter
then gave chase to her. The cruiser
attempted to enter Marlel, but was
stranded at the entrance to the port.
The enemy fired 500 shots at her un
til they set her on fire. Detachments
of infantry and artillery hastened to
the shore and saved her crew and part
of her cargo. Two of the crew were
wounded. The cruiser is a total loss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000000000 0 CO 000 OO O 000 0 O O 000 000000000000000000000
o ■ ■ ■ ■ '- "- ■ ; ■ o
I Brings Joyous Vigor to Men and Women; I
o "Electricity is Life." It makds life a pleasure to live by restoring the vigor of manhood and womanhood q
q Are you weak? If so try it. Feel the joyous energy filling your nerves; feel the warm blood coursing through you q
O veins, bringing health and strength. O
Or/.. ■ r/.. . ' o
g It Gives Snap-Restores the Old Energy-Checks All Waste-Renews Confidence-Brightens §
ofo f the Eye— Makes Strong Manhood. ®
© Electricity is a great strengthener of vital nerve power. The life of the nerves is Electricity, and when they ■"".©■
© are weak that is what they lack. Nothing restores it so quickly as % §
° " "' ' ""' ' '■ ' ' _ / *•- ___ O
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT, j
°. It makes the blood jump in the veins, and the fire of youth bubbles forth from its life-infusing currents. The O
■9 old, flabby nerves are awakened and age is forgotten in the presence. of the new born energy, . Men, don't be weak. **
Q Get back your old vigor. Try this wonderful Belt. It will renew your, yjuth. Read Dr. Sanden's famous book, ®
S /rf^wjfikT^f^ HI i ; Or'lPC ; 'Ar-'liriTi! i: '* ' wor^ i^ o^ *° an man or woman who is O
:S * THREE CLASSES OF. MEN. r 1 c*" OOb:T b:b :d ss d e ;is c ' oselysealed ' w " houtmarks ' s
% . ' - ■•.-./-. :^ V. - ' ' ■ °
© DR. A. X. SANDEN, not in drug stores. * §
O 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. , Dp . T7l; lectrlo Belt o
O ■ Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m..; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Lr« Angreles, Cal., 204^ 8 never sold in drug stores *%
O" South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 "Washington -street; Denver, Colo. 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas, Tex., 283: Main street. ' , • .<■■■-. . 1 ■■■  , at our office. ' • Q
0 ; ,." -■; ■■ -. V.,.,..... .-•:. ■•••• v.. .-•.....-. . "■• >.■;; / ■-'■}.. ,'■,■■■,-■ - - . . *^t- — : • O
(00 0 0 0 000 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 0 00000 00 0 0 000 00 00 00 00 0000 000 00 QQ
FIGHTING AT
SANTIAGO MAY
NOW BE OVER
Belief Expressed That Linares
Will Surrender Without a
Struggle,
Starving Spanish Soldiers and Officers
Enter Shatter's Lines for Food
and Shelter,
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Santiago may surren
der to the American army without any
further engagement. A dispatch has
been received torn Major General
Shatter, in which it is stated that the
strongest pressure is being brought to
bear upon Linares to surrender to the
American forces without a battle. Gen
eral Shafter states in this dispatch
that up to the present time hundreds
of women and children have left San
tiago and came into his lines for pro
tection and food. A large number of
Spanish soldiers, including several offi
cers, one of whom is a colonel who par
ticipated in the engagement of July 2,
have deserted from the Spanish army
and entered the lines of Major General
Shafter. Women and children are be
ing fed and cared for by Miss Clara
Barton and her assistants.
According to the refugees who have
made their way to the lines of the
American army, conditions in Santiago
de Cuba are something terrible. Food
is extremely scarce, and there is a
great amount of suffering.
General Shafter states in hi 3 dispatch
that he has been informed that the en
tire business population of Santiago,
the foreign Consuls and Archbishop of
the city have all united in a strong ap
peal to General Linares to end the suf
fering and to surrender the city with
out further engagement. Officials on
duty at the War Department informed
me that in case General Linares re
fuses to surrender the city it is
thought that Major General Shafter
will not bombard the city for some
days, but will simply lake precautions
to "prevent supplies of any sort being
taken into the city. He will, it is
thought, succeed in his purpose of cap
turing the city without further blood
shed.
ARMIES LIE UNDER
A FLAG OF TRUCE
Linares Again Refuses to Surrender.
Hobson Well Cared
For.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS BEFORE SANTIAGO,
Tuesday, July 5, by Herald-Call dis
patch-boat Somers N. Smith to
Kingston, Jamaica, Wednesday, July
6. — General Shafter's men to-day are
having a second respite from the hard
fighting which began Friday morning
and continued until Sunday afternoon.
Flags of truce still fly over both
American and Spanish positions.
Few of the -merican officers knew
the reason when General Shafter or
dered them to do no more firing until
further n<?'ic:- It afterward transpired
that Colonel L^-.rst had plodded to San
tiago with a white flag carried by Ser
geant Lynch. General Shafter's emis
sary was not permitted to enter the
city, but was compelled to remain out
side while the communication he took
from the American commander was be
ing taken to the Spanish officials. After
a long wait a carriage approached the
point where Colonel Dorst was waiting
and a long conference with General
Linares' representatives inside foli
lowed. Colonel Dorst was informed
that the city would not surrender. The
Spaniards added that they would not
resume firing until the Americans had
withdrawn their flag of truce, but im
mediately thereafter they would begin
the battle where they had left off.
British Consul Ramsden, after the
conference, chatted with me about the
condition of the besieged city. I told
him that many men in the field were
anxious to enter Santiago, hoping to
get some good cool drinks. "We have
nothing of that kind left in the city,"
he replied with a smile. "There's plenty
of Spanish wine left, but that's about
all."
Mr. Ramsden said that flour was $36
a bag. chickens $2 each and other food
in proportion.
Assistant Naval Constructor Hobson,
I learned from Mr. Ramsden, has re
ceived the best of care from the outset.
When he was captured Admiral Cer
vera instructed the Spanish officers to
see that Hobson was made as comfort
able as possible. The officers have been
assiduous in their attentions and they
have become groat friends of Hobson.
Fought With the Terror.
CAPE HATTIEN, July 6.— The an
nouncement is made here that a dis
patch from San Juan de Porto Rico,
carried to St. Thomas by a carrier
pigeon, asserts that to-day the United
States auxiliary cruiser St. Thomas
had an engagement with the Spanish
torpedo-boat destroyer Terror and
killed the engineer and five men.WAR WILL BE
PROSECUTED
WITH VIGOR
Rumors of Peace Over
tures Have No Weight
at Washington.
Madrid Greatly Excited and a
Cabinet Crisis Almost Hourly
Threatened.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
N "facial confirmation has been re
ceived here of the report from Madrid
by way of London that *he Spanish
■ nment realizes the hopelessness
of continuing the war against the
l*nlt..i States and will sue fur peace.
Any overtures from Spain would be
gladly received by the administration,
and i:' reasonable terms should be pro
posed they would be accepted. There
deFire on the part of the adminis
tration tc unduly prolong the war, and
while it is not believed that Spain is
yet ready to aek for peace, it is hoped
that she will do so in the near future
and thus avoid further bloodshed. It
is not to be inferred that the war is to
be prosecuted any h-ss vigorously on ac
count of the hope of the administration
for early peace; on the contrary, the
President and his advisers realize that
the best way to bring about that result
Is to follow up the destruction of Cer
- fleet by other crushing blows
S] anish military and naval
:
Naturally the President and his Cabi
net do not wish to give any official or
semi-official Indications of what terms
they would be disposed to accept from
Spain at this time, but I am able to
Btate th;it if the Spanish Government
BhouM a«k the United States to ter
minate the war with the understanding
that Spain was to Rive up Cuba at once,
Porto Rico to the United States
and allow this Government to retain
possession of the Ladrone Islands and
t" retain a coaling station and other
rights in the bay of Manila it is prob
able that the administration would be
willing to restore the Philippines to
Spain if it should be found to be prac
ticable tn do s )
MADRID'S VERSION.
Claim That Cervera Was Paid to
Make No Resistance.
MADRID, July 6, 6 p. m.— The au
CONFLAGRATION
AT KERN CITY
Business Blocks Lie in
Ruins.
MANY BUILDINGS BURNED
LOSS ESTIMATED AT SEVENTY
FIVE THOUSAND.
Two Stores and a Hotel All That Re
main Standing on the Main
Street of the
Town.
Pperlal Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, July 6.— Fire broke
out }n Kern City at 9 o'clock to-night In
the California Theater. The buildings In
that vicinity ail were of wood. The fire
spread rapidly to the east and south, a
light wind blowing from the northwest.
The Fire Department responded, but
having no engine little could be done.
The flames consumed everything L<>for»
them and then began to creep back
toward Front street, where the best Vuild-
Ings were situated. It also backed up
Into Rltzman's two story lodging house
and was working rapidly toward the Cen
tra] Hotel and the big store of Adlzzl &
Olcese.
At this time a steam engine arrived
from Bakersfield. Taking a Btand where
the flames wore almost too hot for the
engineer, two streams wore turned on and
checked the blaze. Dynamite was used to
blow up small buildings, and this hr-lped
to check the flames.
Three and a half blocks In the center of
the town were destroyed. Including mer
chandise, furniture and fixtures. The
Ontral Hotel. Ardlzzl & Oleese's block,
the Southern Pacific depot and hotel and
INTENDED TO REDUCE
SANTIAGO TO ASHES
Linares Was to Apply the Torch
and Cervera to Train His Guns
on the City.
Special Cable to The Call and the Wew York Herald. Copyrighted, ISOS
by Janie* Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 6.— Before the bold dash of Cer
vera"s fleet out of the harbor of Santiago, the French Consul
asKed the Spanish; Admiral what would be the course of the
fleet if General Shafter succeeded In capturing the town»from
the land side.
Cervera replied that General Linares would undoubtebly
burn the city and that he would turn the guns of the fleet
upon the town Itself, regardless of friends or foes, and reduce
Santiago to ashes. The French Consul left the city Immedi
ately.
thorltles kept the disaster to Cervera's
squadron a secret as long as possible
and even suppressed the extra edition
of the newspapers giving the news.
The official confirmation caused tre
mendous excitement, particularly in
naval and military circles, where the
Government is accused of ordering
Admiral Cervera to make a sortie, de
spite the known opposition of several
naval experts.
MADRID, July 6. midnight.— The
Cabinet Is now sitting, and its resigna
i tion may be regarded as threatened.
ThP sequel will probably be a military
Cabinet under Marshal Campos. There
j will also be. most likf»fy, a suspension
of the constitutional guarantees.
Senor Gamazn, Minister of Public In
struction and Public Works, had a long
audience with the Queen Regent this
afternoon and subsequently conferred
with Duke Almodovar de Rio, the For
eign Minister. These interviews have
caused much excitement.
The Queen Regent has signed a de
cree promoting Colonel Ordonez and
Colonel Escario to the rank of general.
The Government will transmit to the
powers the protest of the Cuban colo
j nial chambers against the American in
vasion of Cuba, which the protest de
scribes as "a brutal attempt to seize
territory."
MADRID, July 6.— The popular ver
| sion to-day is that Cervera was bought
| by the Yankees and offered no resist
ance, and that the one American killed
died of delight at seeing the Spanish
squadron sunk. This evening in po
litical circles the conditions of possi
ble peace are being discussed. It is
absolutely certain that General Cor
rea, Minister of War, has an enormous
majority of his powerful party. The
army is calling for the war to end.
LONDON, July 6.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph sent
a dispatch to his paper to-day, saying:
"I am informed that peace will be
demanded to-day."
warehouses were all that were saved.
The loss Is estimated at $75,000, with Insur
ance of probably half.
The heaviest losses fall upon M. Cesmat,
C. Rltzman. E. Wrdier, Max Nuney. J.
O'Hare. J. J. Mjirphy. the Independent
Order of Druids, M. Espltallier and Jean
Eyraud.
. * •
TWO CONFLAGRATIONS
AT MARYSVILLE
Several Large Buildings Destroyed
and Twenty-Six Horses
Incinerated.
MARTSVILLE. July 6.— Fire at 4
o'clock this morning destroyed the large
livery stable of Henry Elmore, and the
tinshop and storeroom of White, Cooley
& Cuts. It originated in Elmore's stable.
Twenty-six horses perished and thirty
seven vehicles, including tine hacks and
hotel buses, were burned. The loss of
Elmore is $30,000, insurance $11,300; White.
Cooley & Cutts $10,000. Insurance $5000.
The Ellis block, Western Hotel and other
large buildings narrowly escaped.
Fire this afternoon partially destroyed
the handsome residence of Mrs. Charles
Binney. It was caused by painters whe
were removing ptilnt with a gasoline
torch. _________^___
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Pensions have
been granted as follows
California: Original — John A. Chapln,
San Francisco, $6; Charles Froberg, Oak
land, $6; Ephraim Fairbanks, Los Ange
les, $6; Henry Frasier. Soldiers' Home,
Napa, $8. Original widows, etc., special,
June 28— Lizzie C. McCully, Santa Paula,
$12.
Oregon: Original— Robert F. Yocum,
Jacksonville, $6. Increase— Charles Gib
bons, Woods, $8 to $12; Francis M. Poe,
Medford, $8 to $10.
Washington: Original— Andrew Arr A.
Reynolds, Deep Creok Falls. $6; special,
June 7, James B. Miller, Seattle, $12. In
crease— Thomas Jones, Olympia, $6 to $10.
Reissue— Henry W. Adams, Spokane, $12.
Wheeler's Death Reported.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Press
prints a report from Tampa that Gen
eral Wheeler had died at Santiago from
yellow fever.
St. Paul Goes to Sea.
NEW YORK. July 6.— The cruiser St.
Paul, with the Eighth Ohio Regiment
of volunteers on board, passed out oft
Sandy Hook at 9:54 p. m.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY % 1898.
EQUIPMENT
OF SOLDIERS
CONSIDERED
Deep Concern for Troops
Lying in Trenches and
Hospitals.
Sampson Loth to Risk His Ships
in Santiago Harbor Before
Forts Are Destroyed.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— By compari
son with what has gone before to-day
was very quiet at the War and Navy
departments. There were bulletins
posted in the former department, but
there were none of more recent date
than yesterday and, so far from indi
cating an impending battle, the general
tendency of these bulletins was to
| show that no forward movement is in
| absolutely immediate contemplation.
| Deep concern is felt here at the de
| privations and sufferings of our troops
1 lying in trenches and field hospitals
I surrounding Santiago, and there is
everywhere a disposition to insist that
herafter haste shall be made slowly
and that the equipment of our soldiers,
their commissary and quartermasters'
supplies, their ammunition and their
hospital stores shall be complete in
every respect before they advance
further. This is likely to be the rule,
even at the expense of time and in the
face of the criticism of an element that
has been vehemently insisting upon
rushing the campaign without regard
to cost in blood and money.
Confidence is felt that there will be
no friction between the army and navy
commanders and that the conference
between them will result in an agree
ment on a Joint plan for the prosecu
tion of the campaign. In the event
that this belief should not be well
founded the President is prepared to
act himself by orders from first hand.
There is much of force in the naval
argument that if Sampson is obliged
to enter Santiago harbor before the
forts are captured he will Jeopardize
the safety of the whole of the ironclad
fleet under his command, since by the
sinking of one of these ships in the
narrow channel, through a Spanish
mine or shell, the fleet would be left
helpless and exposed to destruction
under the guns of the forts, to which
they could make no reply, owing to the
elevation of the latter. On the other
hand the army officers seem to be justi
fied in avoiding the tremendous sacri
fice of life that would be involved in
again trying our soldiers upon the
Spanish defenses until they have been
materially reinforced in numbers and
strengthened by artillery.
Sampson did not report to-day to the
Navy Department, but the War De
partment sent over a very agreeable
message from Shatter announcing the
readiness of the Spaniards to exchange
Hobson and his men. It is believed
that this was accomplished some time
during the day, though notice of it has
not yet been received.
The fact that several of the vessels
selected for Watson's fleet were in the
thick of the engagement of July 3
promised to delay somewhat the de
parture of the Eastern squadron for the
shores of Spain. The vessels have con
sumed a good deal of coal and doubt
less have expended a large quantity
of their highest grade ammunition in
the furious attack on the steel war
ships of the Spaniards. It will be
necessary to replenish these stores be
fore the long ocean voyage is begun.
However, Secretary Long has given
rush orders for the preparation of this
squadron, and it certainly will be off
in the course of a few days.
The movements of the Cadiz fleet are
very puzzling to our experts here.
Weakened as it is by the sending back
of the torpedo-boat destroyers, the
Spanish squadron bound for the Phil
ippines seems destined to go to sure
destruction, as did Cervera's unlucky
ships when they headed westward
from the Cape Verde Islands. The
Spaniards are without doubt fully
aware of the inferiority of their fleet,
and why they persist in sending it to
be sunk in the Philippines is a mys
tery. The department was advised to
day that the squadron was passing
through the Suez canal, and as the ves
sels must have paid the heavy toll re
quired in advance, the indications are
now regarded as conclusive that the
ships are actually bound for the Phil
ippines. This belief stimulates the
preparations here for Watson's Bail
ing. He will strike straight after
Camara, who, In the end, is doomed to
be caught between Watson and Dewey.
Secretary Long regarded the report
that the Alfonso XIII had been de
stroyed while trying to run the Ha
vana blockade as the best news of the
day. It had not come to him in any
direct official way, but through a re
port from General Greely, chief signal
officer, who had received a cipher mes
sage, stating briefly that the Spanish
ship had been overhauled near Mariel
while trying to get through the block
ade, and was a total loss as a result
of the fire upon her. Both the Secre
tary and General Greely regarded the
report as authentic, but there was a
desire to get more details, as this has
been something of a spectral ship.
The Alfonso XIII was an iron gun
boat with one screw, one funnel and
military mast; square rigged, 2SO feet
long. 43 feet beam and 15 feet draught.
She had a displacement of 3090 tons.
She had a speed of seventeen knots
for short distances and an average
speed of fourteen knots; carried eight
een large guns, five machine guns and
five torpedo tubes. Her officers and
crew numbered 370.
Secretary Long is quite hopeful that
several of the Spanish ships of the
Cervera squadron can be saved, in
part at least, and possibly as a whole.
Assistant Secretary Allen shares in this
belief and thinks that the Cristobal Co
lon can be got off the rocks as an en
tirety, and that the hull, upperworks
and guns can be made available. She
was the best armored cruiser in the
Spanish navy, and if she can be floated
and repaired will make a valuable ac
quisition to the American navy. Allen
is hopeful also that the Vizcaya and
Oquendo can be saved in part. Infor
mation has reached the department'
that the hulls are not badly damaged.
The contract with the Merritt Wreck
ing Company is by the day, and may
be canceled at any time if the Govern
ment finds the salvage is not progress
ing satisfactorily. Two large wreck
ing vessels left Norfolk to-day to be
gin work upon the Colon, Vizcaya and
Oquendo.
Quartermaster General Ludington Is
; going to sell the first bale of cotton
i grown in the United States this year
| for the benefit of the United States
; hospital service, now so severely taxed
■by the war. A day or two ago Presi
dent McKlnley received from H. and B.
Beer of New Orleans the following let
ter:
"We express to-day to you the first
bale of cotton of the new crop, to be
disposed of in such a manner as you
see fit, for the benefit of the hospital
fund."
The President sent this note to the
War Department with instructions to
accept the cotton. The cotton will be
forwarded to New York, where It will
be auctioned off toward the end of the
week. The expectation is that the cot
ton will bring a fancy figure, in view
of the use to which the money is des
tined.
CREED TRIES
TO TAKE LIFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAI'SALITO, July 6.— Ex-Marshal
John E. freed came again to the fore
as a prominent fighter In another fra
cas over the poolrooms, and as usual
his ever-ready revolver played a prom
inent role. In an altercation at about
2 o'clock this morning with M. A.
Hughes and "Teddy" Alexander Creed
fired a shot, but his arm was struck
up by a cane in the hands of Hughes
and what probably would have proved
a tragedy was thereby averted.
The accounts given by the various
persons interested conflict in many
points, but the general trend of the
story is about the same. The two men
were passing Broyer, Glynn & Hum
phreys' establishment, where Creed is
acting as night watchman. He says he
was awakened by their tearing down
the Fourth of July decorations over the
door, while both the others assert that,
they only tapped the wall lightly in
passing. Creed came out of the door
way with an oath, and Alexander
threatened to thrash him. The ex-
Marshal jumped inside the doorway
and thrust his revolver through the
aperture.
Hughes caught the gleam of the
weapon in time to strike Creed's arm,
and when the revolver exploded the
bullet passed harmlessly upward.
The disturbance awakened many
people in the vicinity, but the two men
passed on and few know the real
cause until to-day. When Trustee
Sylva heard of it this evening he said
Creed would be arrested to-morrow.
Hughes says Creed threatened to kill
him only a few days ago.
In consequence of this trouble the
poolroom disturbance has taken a new
lease of life and the Town Trustees are
making another effort to oust the rival
San Mateo faction. A communication
signed by Trustee A. Sylva, J. Thomas
and Li. J. Ambjornsen was at once
sent to General Dickinson, requesting
him in his capacity as president of the
board to inform the Western Union
Telegraph Company that the firm con
sisting of Glynn, Broyer, Humphreys
and probably others Is conducting a
poolroom business without a license
and in defiance of law and requesting
the company's aid in suppressing the
firm by refusing to give it telegraphic
communication. General Dickinson, it
is asserted on good authority, has
written to Superintendent Jaynes, men
tioning the communication received
from his fellow members of the board
and stating that the action of Glynn,
Broyer and Humphreys in disobeying
the mandate of the board has led to
trouble and turmoil. The superin
tendent is asked not to support these
men in the commission of a crime by
supplying telegraphic service.
From this it would appear that the
town is about to go through another
poolroom campaign.
CONGRESS
OF MINERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, July 6.— The second
meeting of the International Mining
Congress opened auspiciously at the
Assembly Hall this morning, and from
the manner in which the body settled
down to work the meeting is destined
to be the most important yet held.
The attendance was all that could be
expected and comprised many ladles.
All the Western States, with the excep
tion of one or two, and many of the
Eastern States were represented. Even
far-away Peru and Venezuela had their
representatives on the floor.
The opening day was necessarily
taken up in preliminary organization,
the real work of the congress begin
ning to-morrow, when various subjects
will come up for consideration. The
morning session was devoted to listen
ing to speeches of welcome and effect
ing a temporary organization.
In the afternoon the body got down
to business and elected officers for the
coming year, Colonel 13. F. Montgom
ery of Crippple Creek, Colo., carrying
off the honor of the while
W. D. Johnso.. of Salt Lake was" made
secretary.
The officers elected were: First vice
president, J. H. Hawley of Idaho; sec
ond vice president, Charles T. Lane of
California; third vice-president, Eman
uel Elgura of Peru.
THE EMPORIUM.
. Wednesday and Friday Bargain Sales will be resumed at close 'the semi-annual clearance event
EMPORIUM CLEARANCE SALE
Began Tuesday, July 5.
These are some of the bargains. that drew the immense shopping crowds
during the past two days.
Fvf SfsP»r«rll All that now remains of our high-grade im-
flLAll (1 Opctiai. ported Novelty Suit Patterns that were $10
~ to $35 each will now be closed out at half price.
22 Rear Scotch Cheviot Suit Patterns for tailor-made gowns—
those that were $10 to $20 each— now reduced to ...... . $5.00
Best Moire Taffeta Ribbon, inches wide, colors and black .. 15c yard
Best Moire Taffeta Ribbon,- 3! inches wide, colors and black. .18c yard
Best Moire Taffeta Ribbon, 4% inches wide, colors and black. .22c yard
Dry Goods »£%?
4-4 Unbleached Lawrence L. L...4c yd
16-Inch Cotton Twilled Crash... yd
64-inch Unbleached All-Linen Damask
47c yard
iBx36inch Honeycomb Cotton Towels
.......... .....3 Ac each
18-inch All-Linen Bleached Crash
.....:.........:. 7%c yard
ioc Wrapper Flannels reduced t0..6c yd
51.25 Embroidered Pillow Cases pr
fi.25 and $1.50 Jabots and Col-
larettes ........75c each
$2 Silk Chemisette Fronls..sl.sO each
$2.50 Lace Trimmed Silk Fronts
. $1.25 each
Point Esprit Scarfs, 21-£2 l -£ yards lone
......25c each
25c, 35c and 50c Veilings reduced 10
15c yard
24-inch Stylish' Printed India Silks
. 40c yard
50c Kaiki Wash Silks— stripes and
check 5.....:.............. ,:......25c yard
$1.25 Plaid Silks, all nice c010r5..75c yd
85c Roman Stripe Taffeta.... 50c yard
Ladies' $1 to $1.50 Kid Gloves..6sc pr
Children's 20c Black Cotton School
Hose ...I2^c pair
Ladies' 50c Hermsdorf Black Hose
25c pair
40c Lace Effect Grenadines. ..2sc yard
60c Black Figured Alpaca, ■>.% inches
35c yard
36-inch Fancy Cheviot Suitines....
1....;. I6 2 k yard
52 Silk and Wool Novelty Suitings
$1.00 yard
36-inch Li?ht Gray Silesia. ..7!*c yard
36-inch Taffeta Lining, white and
cream 7'c yard
Striped Cotton Crash Suiting-.IOc yard
20c Japanese Crepe, to close. ..l3Hc yd
Fancy Plaid Golf Cheviots now 15c yd
I2j^c Percales, 36 inches wide.. yd
35c Fancy French 5ateen5......... 19c yd
25c Imported Irish Dimities now
ASJic yard
Children's Wear.
Heavy Muslin Drawers, ages 2, 4,
6, button holes, 10c, 12c, 14c.
White Cambric 20c Skirts, ages 2,
4, '6 years, 10c.
Infants' 25c Cambric Slips, 10c.
30c White Skirts, ages 8 to 12 years,
15c.
Children's Embroidery trimmed 25c
Drawers, ages 2, 4, 6, 15c, 17c, 19c.
Child's Lace Trimmed Drawers, 17c<
19c, 21c, 23c,
40c Cambric Drawers, insertion and
ruffle, 25c.
50c Torchon Lace Trimmed Draw-
ers, ages 8, 10, 12, 25c.
Infants' 85c Fancy Cambric Slips,
embroidery trimmed, 50c.
Wash Dresses for ages 2, 3 and 4
years—
50c reduced to~. 25c
60c reduced to 35c
75c reduced to ..50c
$1 reduced to. .....65c
CALIFORNIA'S LJJCRGEST— AMERICA' S GRANDEST STO%E.
PEOPLE ASKED TO
GIVE DUE THANKS
President McKinley's Proclama
tion Requests Devout Praise
for Victories.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— The President to-night issued the follow
ing statement:
"To the people of the United States: At this time, when yet is
fresh the remembrance of the unprecedented success which attended
the operations of the United States fleet in the bay of Manila on the
first day of May, last, are added the tidings of no less glorious achieve
ments of the naval and military arms of our beloved country at Santi
ago de Cuba, it is fitting that we should pause, and staying the feeling
of exultation that too naturally attends great deeds wrought by our
countrymen in our country's cause, should reverently bow before the
throne of Divine Grace and give devout praise to God, who holdeth na
tions in the hollow of his hands, and worketh upon them marvels of his
high will, and who has thus far vouchsafed to us the light of his face and
led our brave soldiers and seamen to victory. I therefore ask the peo
ple of the United States upon next assembling for divine worship in
their respective places of meeting to offer thanksgiving to Almighty
God, who, in his inscrutable ways, now leading our hosts upon waters
to unscathed triumph, now guiding them in a strange land through the
dread shadows of death to success, even though at a fearful cost, now
bearing them without accident or loss to far distant climes, has watched
over our cause and brought nearer success of right and attainment of just
and honorable peace. With the nation's thanks let there be mingled
the nation's prayers that our gallant sons may be shielded from harm
alike on the battle-field and in clash of fleets, and be spared the scourge
of suffering and disease while they are striving to uphold their country's
honor, and withal let the nation's heart be stilled with holy awe at the
thought of the noble men who have perished as heroes, and be filled with
compassionate sympathy for all those who suffer bereavement or endure
sickness, wounds and bonds by reason of the awful struggle, and above
all, let us pray with earnest fervor, that He, dispenser of all good, may
speedily remove from us the untold afflictions of war and bring to our
dear land the. blessings of restored peace and to all the domain now rav
aged by cruel strife the priceless boon of security and tranquillity.
"WILLIAM' McKINLEY.
"Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C, July 6, 1898."
The Hist Sank a Gunboat.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, July 6.— lt Is
THE EMPOEITJM.
Semi-Annual fi^aL Hpnf
Clearance in lOtiK iiepi.
/yXi Fancy Weave
J^GJ Checked Cloth
u&i--/ Skirt, 4 colors of
yH^^y checks, percaline
/,yMx\ lined, velvet
/Vy*vC)J bound, was $1.75.
(^^W cut t0.... 79c
/^f^\ ■ Assorted lot of
'/J*rs£ik ' Fine Taffeta Silk
/tA'-1- '\ "Waists, cut t0......
ffIJ'Z'SA ••••••••••••-■•53.75
#wj^l All 85c New
/^Jv-AT-^'A Calico Wrappers
Mn^'VM^A cut to 69 c
t££t!i*tfrJr\ Assorted New
(Jy.'-fX J - A'/ 'M Chiffon Trimmed
Sk^p'f jfriJV A 57.50 Silk Capes
**"r r ~*,'j'' Hi cut to $4.45
Black Cotton
Moreen Underskirts cut to ......48c
Black Silk Brocaded $6 Skirts or
t0..... $3.89
Black Figured Mohair $1.50 Skirt, cut
t0................... ...98c
Assorted lot of this season's $10 and
$12.50 Silk-Lined Jackets, all colors
and sizes, cut to $7.45
All 50c New Shirt Waists, cut t0..39c :
Fine Ail-Wool Serge 525 Silk-Lined I
Tailor Dress, fly front, black and
navy, all sizes, cut to .....'....'.515.75
Millinery £ L " c t f
75c Rough Brim Sailors, white crowns
.......35c
see Sailors, white, navy and black.
25c Sailors, white, navy and black. 15c
$2.50 Sailors, Knox block $1.50
$3.50 Sailors, Knox b10ck....;.... $2.50
$4, $3.50 and $3 French untrimmed I
patterns, one of a kind only, three
dozen in the lot, each ..........50c
$35 Imported Pattern Hat, to-day...slB
$22 Imported Pattern Hat, to-day. ..59
518 Imported Pattern Hat, to-day.
Second Floor, Front.
Furnishings a °/d b""
Madras and Percale Summer Shirts
" ._..„...... ......75c each
Men's 50c White Merino Underwear
.....................29c each
Boys' Silk Finish Balbriggan Under
wear- 50c eac
Men's Vicuna Merino Underwear 75cea
Men's Collars, broken lines, now.sc ea
Men's $1.45 Plaid Bicycle Hose. 9Bc pr
Men's Gray Merino Half Hose.l2^cpr
Men's Maco Yarn Socks, now..7^c pr j
25c Silk Windsor Ties, n0w...15c each
Men's Hemstiched Cambric Handker-
chiefs .....; .......7isc each
reported here that besides the Spanish
ships already reported destroyed the
converted yacht Hist sank a Spanish
Kunboat that came out of the harbor
after Cervera's fleet.
THE EMPORIUM.
Semi-Annual />« <<•
Clearance of
Boys' Suits— Sizes 6to 15 years; all-
the- y^ar- round weights ; strongly
made; different colors, including Black
Cheviot; at the clearance price, "don't
an a hou"l^^^!>sl.JB
Boys' Reefer Suits— 388 in all, bal-
ance of our entire stock, comprising of
colors plain or fancy, sizes 3 to B years,
divided into two lines-
Strong values at $2. 50, S3 _
and 53. 50 go at $1.50
Suits formerly sold at $4, *_ __
5400 and 35 go at $2.75
300 Boys' 2-Piece Suits— Strong, de-
sirable materials, well made and lined,
sizes 6 to 16 years, assortment of col-
ors and patterns; the £2.50 __
and $3 kind go at $1.75
Men's Suits— the Final Cut— The
greatest Suit opportunity of the year;
your choice of our $10, Si2.soand $15
Suits— more than 800 of them— in all
fashionable materials, plain or fancy;
every suit all wool and guaran- *_ rr .
teed ; sizes to fit anybody; go at $7.50
£31 Undermuslins
18c Corset Covers, all sizes .:...„. 5c
25c Drawers, lace and ruffhd trim-
mings. ..Isc
25c High Neck Corset Covers, lace
and embroidery trimmed. ..:... .....15c
35c Plain Chemise..... ...........20c
75c Lace-Trimmed Hubbard Gown. soc
75c Corset Covers, lace and Ribbon
trimmed, low neck 50c
13 dozen assorted I. C. Corsets, reg-
ularly sold for $3.50 to «8.50, if we
can suit you, clearance price...52.39
GrorprJp<s Special for
wi ui,ei ies the week
Emporium Flour — the very best that
can be made. We guarantee *< </r
it, per sack „. $1.15
"Queen's Taste" Macaroni, Vermi-
celli and Spaghetti, in cartons, 3% ■1Q
lbs net, regularly 25c, for *"C
Loose Cluster Raisins, regu- <rx
larlv 5c Ib ; 3 lbs for 10c
Wool Soap— the large size; ft
regularly 10: cake; 9 f0r.......... 50c
Empress Cream— large size; in
regularly 15c; special at......... IUC
"D. & G." Cherries in Marisquino,
"the finest packed"; regularly ,_
70c, for ....:.. f 62c
Genuine Italian Olive Oil — H* _ _"
gallon tins; regularly $1. 15, for- 95c
Fancy Imperial Prunes— 20 to '1 /
30 to Ib; regularly 20c lb IoC
Sherry Wine— large bottles;
regularly 40c each.................... 25c
Port Wine— large bottles; reg- ' __
ularly 35c each 22c
Old Bourbon Whisky— large ._
bottles; regularly 6^c each 47c
Grenadine and Raspberry Syrup-
large bottles; regularly 60c ~l
each ! . 37C
Ask for Catalogue.
Telephone South 59. \
MRS. DONOHOE
IS DIVORCED
Granted a Decree and
Alimony.
NO OPPOSITION OFFERED
CASE PRACTICALLY WON BY
DEFAULT.
Plaintiff Given the Custody of the
Minor Child and Awarded
Community Prop
erty.
Special Dispatch to The Call. " ,
SAX RAFAEL, July 6.— Mrs. Marie
Paule Donohoe was granted a divorce
from her husband, Denis Donohoe Jr.,
to-day by Superior Judge F. M. An
gelloti on the ground of extreme cruel
ty. Attorney Henry Eiekhoff appear
ed on behalf of plaintiff, and Attor
ney J. E. K. Cormac for the defend
ant.
Mrs. Donohoe and Mary Norton were
sworn and testified according to the al
legations made in the complaint. The
case practically went by default, as
no opposition was offered.
Mrs. Donohoe was awarded the cus
tody of the minor child, Denis Con
stantine Donohoe, and alimony in the
sum of $60 a month, the first payment
to be made on September 1. Certain
community property in Marin, Men
docino and Solano counties was award
ed Mrs. Donohoe. In case of her re
marriage the payment of alimony shall
cease, and in case of remarriage or
death the propery shall revert to her
minor son.
Dr. Cornelius Herz Bead.
LONDON. July G.— Dr. Cornelius Herz,
of Panama canal notoriety, died at
Bournemouth at 3 o'clock this morning.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal, i. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
56
1 1 1 URSDAY JULY 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main i?6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak By mail $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.30
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifcfte Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bolldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ctooK- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. I
/■.lwObi.:.itNT3.
Columbia— -Fort Frayne "
California- ••fncli- Tom's Cabin."
Jklf.ir.nr— -Frpdovlck the Great
Morosco'B— 'Held by the Enemy'
TiYoli-"The Mikado"
Orpheum Vaudeville.
iu»s— Z<. o. Vaudeville and Cannon, the CIS-pound Mat.
Olympia— Corner Mr.fon and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro'a Baths— Swlmmlnjr.
SI t'anipo— Music, dancing-.boatlngr, fishlnjr, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
THE GOD OF BATTLES.
CAPTAIN PHILIP of the Texas, after the San
tiago engagement, called his men to the
quarterdeck and there thanked God for an al
most bloodless victory. The air had just ceased to
vibrate to the thunder of guns, the pall of war hung
over the scene, when this brave commander sum
moned His crew. "I want to make public acknowl
edgment," he said to them, "that I believe in God
the Father Almighty. I want all of you, officers and
men, to lift your hats and from your hearts offer silent
thanks to the Almighty."
It would be a steely nature to which such a spec
tacle would not appeal, a strangely constituted human
being whom it would not thrill to his depths.
It is the history of war between peoples a degree
above savagery that the soldiers go forth confident
that they are right, and that above them there is the
shielding arm of the God of Battles. If it were not
so. they would not have the courage which impels
them willingly to rush to death.
The Napoleonic dictum that God is on the side of
the strongest battalions has been confirmed by mili
tary history, and was not idly spoken by the world's
greatest general. Yet when success crowns an army,
by land or sea, gives it victory and does not exact the
cost of valiant lives, the instinctive faith crystallizes
into a fervent belief. Captain Philip did himself honor
when he declared his principles, and people of every
shade of opinion will respect the manly and outspoken
declaration.
RIDING TWO HORSES.
BY a delegation favorable to fusion with Dem
ocracy on terms of political bargain and sale,
but weighted down with resolutions declaring
against fusion, the Populists of San Francisco will
be both represented and misrepresented at the coming
State convention of their party. We will, therefore,'
have a chance to see in that assembly of patriots a
dean, straight contest between principles and men,
between resolutions that speak clearly and men who
are not speaking except on the side.
A county committee, not a numerous body, that
chanpes itself in the twinkling of an eye into a county
convention and then proceeds to unanimously adopt
resolutions declaring against a particular line of ac
tion, after which it elects delegates known to be in
favor of that action, is certainly not very well fitted to
conduct the affairs of even such a party as that of
the San Francisco Populists. Men who undertake
to carry out a cut and dried programme should at
least see to it that the thing that is cut is the thing
that is dried, and not cut one thing and dry another.
Where is the profit to party leaders in laboriously con
structing a platform to stand upon when the time
comes and then intrusting it to men who will use its
timbers to practice on in sawing wood for themselves
or else swap it off for any old thing?
If the Populists of this city are in favor of the reso
lutions against fusion, they have been bunkoed on the
delegation to the State convention. If they are repre
sented by the delegates, then they have been bunkoed
by the resolutions. The local party is placed in a
position where it will have to ride two horses going
in different directions, and as a result as soon as the
circus starts up at the State convention the first act
of the show will be an exhibition of San Francisco
Populism in a grand tumbling act with its back in
the sawdust and its feet in the air.
In one respect, however, the fusiotJ-confusion out
come of the combined county committee-county con
vention meeting will not be wholly adverse to the
Populism of the city. The delegation and the reso
lutions, if not in harmony with one another, will
be well fitted to blend with the patchwork varieties of
delegates and declarations sent from other parts of
the State. It will be nothing out of place for city
Populists to shout for the middle of the road and then
take to the first bypath that affords an entrance to
the woods. They will not be lonely when they shout
nor when they turn aside. They will find the road
full of such shouters and the woods full of such
dodgers.
Americans who do not find Paris a pleasant place of
residence now are respectfully reminded that in va
rious parts of America houses may be secured at rea
sonable rates.
Hearst extols the conduct of a subordinate In cut
ting off the heads of forty prisoners, and yet when he
takes a regiment or two himself delivers them with
heads still on to Sampson and the other amateurs.
Perhaps this is humane, but it is not consistent
News comes that the machinery of the Pelayo is
out of order, but its condition is far better than will
be the case a little later. Compared with the machin
ery of the Vizcaya, for instance, it seems to be in
fair shape.
Linares and Pando have both been wounded.
Honor, however, is not satisfied. Spanish honor is
hard to satisfy anyhow, the initial difficulty being to
find it.
Perhaps Blanco imagines that hit determination
that Havana shall not be taken while he lives will
have a tendency to delay the taking.
THE SITUATION AT SANTIAGO.
TO the American people, flushed with joy over
the destruction of the Spanish fleet at Santiago
and sanguine of the speedy capture of that city
by the gallant army now surrounding it, the letter
from our special correspondent, Richard Harding
Davis, which we publish this morning, wjll come like
a blow as astounding as a clap of thunder from a
clear sky.
The blow, however, comes not from a foe, nor from
a captious critic, but from a friend in the warmth of
an earnest patriotism. It is designed to arouse the
American people from a dangerous feeling of over
confidence, and to stimulate the war authorities to
prompt action to relieve the troops at Santiago from
the conditions that now paralyze their energies and
baffle their courage.
The account given of the situation at the front by
Mr. Davis is not one of vague and general criticism
and fault-finding. It is not the report of a sensa
tional alarmist, nor of a fatuous critic of the ad
ministration trying to make political capital for the
opposition in the coming campaign. It is one of
direct statements and specific charges. The ring of
truth is in the tone of every sentence, and every word
has evidently been carefully chosen to express the
real condition of the situation. It is a letter to be
studied and then acted upon without delay.
Our troops now confronting a well armed, well
fed and desperately vindictive foe, intrenched in
strong works, are without heavy artillery, without
proper food, without tobacco, almost as essential as
food itself; without time, place or opportunity for
rest from the alarm of incessant attack from sharp
shooters, without vigorous support from the fleet at
the mouth of the harbor and, worst of all, perhaps,
without right leadership on the part of the command
ing general.
These statements are of a nature to rouse the in
dignation of the people. It was designed that they
should do so. Better that the truth should be known
now, however bitter it may be, than that the blunder
ing should go on at Santiago until some dire catas
trophe befalls the army and inflicts upon the nation
the humiliation of a defeat which neither patriotism,
valor nor self-sacrifice on the part of the brave men
at the front could avert.
Mr. Davis says: "The army needs artillery. It
needs some one in command who is well, strong and
able to stand the hardships of the campaign. It needs
reinforcements. It needs mules for transports. It
needs all these things now." Moreover, Mr. Davis
says: "This is written for the sole purpose that the
entire press of the country will unite to force instant
action at Washington to relieve the strained situa
tion."
Now Is the time for the people to speak and for
the President to act. Delay Is now out of the ques
tion. "On to Santiago" is imperatively the war cry
of the situation.
Wr-jEN THIEVES FALL OUT
** \ J HEN thieves fall out," says the proverb,
\A/ "honest men get their due." The saying
* may not be literally applicable to the dis
closures made by members of the Board of Education
since the breaking out of the recent dissensions
among them, but it is sufficiently apropos to be
quoted as a text for comment on the proceedings of
the board at its meeting on Tuesday evening.
More than one investigation lately made into the
manner in which the school fund has been expended
has furnished the public with pretty conclusive proof
that something like gross frauds have been practiced
by at least some of the members of the board. The
lumber deal scandals exploited by the last Grand
Jury are fresh in the public mind. Enough was made
known at that time to justify the popular demand for
the indictment of several persons implicated in the
scandals, and there was no little regret that indict
ments and prosecution did not follow.
Now comes the antagonism among the members of
the board itself producing charges and counter
charges that add new evidence of wrongdoing. At
the meeting on Tuesday evening Director Gallagher
submitted a written report on the work of the building
committee, which set forth sufficient facts to justify
him in asserting: "I have shown enough to call at
tention to the rank extravagance that prevails and to
the further fact that the chairman of the building
committee is proceeding in an entirely illegal manner
and that he has grossly mismanaged the affairs of his
committee."
Among the facts stated by Director Gallagher are
these: That much of the work now being done under
the direction of the chairman of the building commit
tee is being performed by "persons who have no con
nection with the department. They have not been
authorized by the board or any committee of the
board to do the work." That for a large part of the
work now under way no contracts have been let, or
at least none could be found on file when the inves
tigation was made. Finally, that two members of
the building committee, Mr. Drucker and Mr. Carew,
gave assurance to the investigator that with respect
to some important work which he specifies in his
report they have not at any time been consulted by
the chairman of the committee and have never given
their consent to the work-
After this report there came a discussion upon a
report of Chairman Burns of the building commit
tee, and further evidence of wrongdoing was given.
Director Drucker, one of the building committee, is
quoted as saying: "These things have never come
before the board and I will not stand responsible for
any such actions. I therefore now tender my resig
nation from that committee. Why, look at it! There
are acts of the chairman of the building committee
in which he has contracted for over $150,000 worth of
work, and in no instance has he either called a com
mittee meeting or consulted me regarding the busi
ness passing through the hands of that committee.
This won't do."
It may be gratifying to a slight degree to have Mr.
Drucker refuse to act any longer on the committee
with Burns and to say "This won't do," but such con
demnation is not sufficient. The things have been
done. It now remains to be seen what the Board of
Education, the Grand Jury and others having author
ity and responsibility in the enforcement of law will
do about it. The evidence of fraud seems to be abun
dant and easily obtainable. The prosecution should
begin at once.
CUBANS AS ALLIES.
TO pass judgment upon the value of the Cubans
as allies, and expect it to be final, would at this
time be an injustice. It can be said, however,
that according to what tttey have been able thus far
to do, they seem to be a disappointment. Their
principal part in the conflict will doubtless be in shar
ing the benefits.
But whatever the soldierly quality of the Cuban,
there have been a number of incidents showing that
personally he possesses unlovable traits. While con
demning these, it is but fair to remember that he has
suffered much, that hardships have worn him, oppres
sion embittered him, and in the matter of cruelty he
has been set an example by the Spanish. Yet how
ever plausible his excuses, it may be accepted that
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
Americans will never take kindly to a people who
would massacre prisoners or subject the bodies of the
dead to indignity.
Reports show that marines had to be sent ashore
where the fleet of Cervera had been beached and
throw about the Spanish huddled on the sands an
armed guard. Otherwise the Cubans would have
butchered men who, according to all laws of warfare,
were safe by the protection of the white flags that
fluttered from the mastheads when the ships went
down. The men had been cast helpless and weapon
less through the surf, and the Cubans would have
turned the spot into a shambles.
In one case the body of a Spanish officer floating
m the wreckage was wantonly used as a target, and
the riflemen only desisted from the revolting act when
an American officer threatened to turn his guns upon
them. It does not appear that the United States fur
nished the Cubans with ammunition so as to enable
them to commit outrages, or that it is taking prison
ers so the islanders may enjoy a season of slaughter.
Either the Cubans will adopt different tactics or they
will find that the force now co-operating with them
will be used to subdue them into at least an imitation
of being civilized.
In the Cuban army is a creature named Honore
Lame. If he is a fair sample the army is an aggre
gation of bloody outcasts entitled to no measure of
sympathy, and the importance of crushing it is as
much manifest as the necessity for driving out the
Spanish. Lame boasts of having cut off the heads of
captured Spanish, of having looted the pockets of
corpses, and a correspondent named Hearst glorifies
the unspeakable deeds. Lame is also a yellow corre
spondent, naturally a braggart and liar, but if crimes
for which he should be hanged are to be heralded as
heroic, no wonder the rank and file learn to revel in
cruelty.
THE WRECK OF THE BOURGOGNE.
ANOTHER direful catastrophe at sea has added
to the dread fame of Sable Island and given
another warning against the excessive com
petition in speed which induces Atlantic liners to fol
low the perilous northern route because its compara
tive shortness permits a quicker voyage to be made
across the ocean. In this disaster upward of 600 peo
ple are reported to have perished, and among the
number lost is every woman, with one exception, that
was on board the ill-fated ship.
Since the captain of the Bourgogne and his officers
have gone down to death with their ship and their
passengers, there will be a general disinclination to
hold them guilty of blame in the accident. Neverthe
less, certain features of the disaster show that some
thing was radically wrong in the management of the
ship. Even respect for the maxim, "Speak nothing
except good of the dead," will hardly withhold men's
tongues from commenting with earnest severity upon
a wreck caused by a steamer rushing at full speed
through a fog — a wreck in which with fifteen minutes
of time to get the lifeboats ready, comparatively few of
the passengers were saved and all the women aban
doned.
It has been the custom of Atlantic liners to follow
the northern short route across the ocean in winter
and early spring, because at those seasons there are
comparatively few fogs and icebergs in the northern
waters. As summer advances, however, the floating ice
and the mists drift down from the Arctic, and then
the sea around Sable Island is one of the most dan
gerous parts of the ocean. The time had about come
for taking the southern route, but the captain of the
Rourgogne tried once more the short route. He
made his course also at full speed, and the result was
that when a sailing vessel loomed up before him in
the fog it was impossible for him to turn aside in
time.
The deeper horror of the catastrophe, however, was
that which followed the collision. There seems to
have been hardly a pretense of discipline on board the
ship. Since the captain and his officers remained
with the wreck and perished with it, there is a pre
sumption that they did their duty as best they could,
but were unable to check the rush of men for the
boats and the crowding aside of the women. That
they were unable to maintain order is, however, a
proof that the discipline on board had long been lax
in the extreme. The system, therefore, is as much to
be condemned as the captain.
As a rule all great catastrophes are illumined by
incidents of heroism that serve to lighten the horror
by proving the nobility of which human nature is
capable. In this case, however, there seems nothing
to relieve the dreadful aspects of the disaster. It is
all gloom, all weakness, cowardice, or worse.
(I SAN DIEGO MOVEMENT.
CERTAIN enterprising, public spirited men of
San Diego, feeling the importance of hastening
the beginning of work upon the Nicaragua
canal, have initiated a movement to that end which, if
well supported, as it deserves, will undoubtedly do
much to induce Congress to take prompt action on
the subject. They have organized an American
Nicaragua Canal Association and intend to estab
lish branches throughout the Union. Their object
is to get citizens in every section of the country to
bring whatever influence they may have to bear upon
Congressmen so as to arouse them to an understand
ing of the strength of the popular demand for the
canal.
The method proposed h simple in its nature, but
can be made very effective if taken up by the right
men in different sections and States. That the great
majority of Americans are in favor of the construction
of the canal is unquestionable. So long, however, as
the favorable sentiment is quiet and undemonstrative
it will have little weight with the law-makers of the
national capital. Most of them, in fact, will hardly
know or understand the full extent and strength of
it. A movement, therefore, which will lead to a clear
and forcible declaration of t the popular will on the
subject will be useful in encouraging the advocates
of the canal at Washington in overcoming the indif
ference of many who have given but little considera
tion to the subject, and in silencing the objections of
others who have been antagonistic.
It is to be hoped the San Diego plan will be well
received everywhere, and that the association will
soon be national in its scope. A few petitions from
scattered localities will have but little effect, while a
host of them coming from every State and from al
most every citizen of weight and influence will have
much. The issue has been well expressed in the cir
cular of the association: "Congress may act any way,
but there is no certainty about it. If, however, the
people unitedly demand this undertaking they will
get it, and that speedily."
It would seem by the trifling effect of the shots that
hit our boats at Santiago as if undue importance has
been attached to the circumstance that as a rule Span
ish gunners can't hit anything.
This time when Captain Eulate visits New York he
will not be under official obligation to visit the Mayor
and acquire another of those Van Wyck snubs.
Spanish prisoners on the Harvard were foolish to
mutiny. Probably the survivors have secured a grasp
of this fact
"POLLIES" OUT FOR JOBS.
Some Men Who Would Like to Serve the State in Any
Old Office With a Good Salary Attached.
The political career of Whispering Gavin McNab, boss tailor of Tooley street,
ex-Buckley lambkin, and foe to organized labor, calls to mind the story of a
phantom dog. This ghostly creature used to appear on the highway of Ireland
and his ghostly shape would follow every passerby part of the journey. Phantom
McNab first trailed after the late William Higgins, then nosed his uncanny per-
son along the footprints of Farmer Buck
ley. The farmer chased him off, and then
McNab ambled in the wake of Sullivan
and Dwyer. But they "hefted" him
found him wanting, and dropped him.
But to lay a ghost is next to impossible,
With the persistency of the shadowy
canine, he spied John Daggett of Slskl
you, and Immediately Daggett was haunt
ed. Next he attached himself to Colonei
W. P. Sullivan, the Mayor's official man
of all work. This gentleman Is some
times known as "Shoot Low" Sullivan,
from the circumstance that he counseled
this method of aiming while working
men battling for their rights were the tar
gets. Now McNab is on the road again
attending Hallucination Alford of Tulare
and Frank Hood Gould, the Sherwood
Forest Democrat. He will remain wltn
them until there shall arise an oppor
tunity profitably to shift.
Speaking of McNab haturally suggests
others. There Is the lily of Kearney's
sand lot garden, John Placehunter Dunn.
He is chairman of Whispering Gavln>
puppet show of 100 figures, each war
ranted to dance at the pulling of the
string, like a thing of life. He was nat
uralized August 12, 1879. On November
1 of the same year he was acting as
Auditor of this city. Ever since he haa
either held a position or been in eagei
quest of one.
A patriarch among office holders, yet
one who can say with Othello: "I have
done the State some service," is Jamea
Denman. He may properly be referred
to now as James Jubilee Denman, as he
is about to celebrate the fiftieth anniver
sary of his introduction to the good things
of official life. He is unflagging In his
zeal, ready to accept any ofter coming
his way. It is understood that he could
be Induced to be a Congressman, a Rali
road Commissioner, Election Commission
er, and if the chance is not at hand, to
think a job as juryman better than noth
ing. Denman is rich, and like McXab
and Maximilian Parkhurst Popper, pro
fessional purifier, believes the laborer ig worthy of as pitiable hire as he can be
forced to take. He is a gentleman of respectability and dignity. The Tailors of
gentlemen mentioned did, mostly in the neck, and Is reaching out for it with an
agile arm and a long pole. ___________ ________ ___—
Richard Phenomenon Doolan.the "Pride
of the Mission," was the most aston
ished Individual in the city when he
awoke one Saturday morning, and found
that by some occult process he, one of
Buckley's most devoted, had suddenly be
come a reformer. But realizing that he
was a reformer he began to pull for a fat
ter snap than he hart. At the time oi
his political regeneration he was peace
fully occupying a stall in the Custom
House where the Federal crib is big with
fodder. He began to lay wires to be
come Assessor, which is not a bad job*
Unluckily for him the position had been
promised to Edward Longreacher Fitz
gerald, a person from Oakland. He has
the further distinction of being brother tc
a member of the famous Committee oi
Nine, seven of whose number lived in
the country, yet who kindly consented tc
appoint a county committee for this citj
and make laws for the same.
It is said that Boss Tailor McNab prom
ised Committeeman Fitzgerald that th«
other Fitz should have the nominatior
for Assessor of San Francisco., even were
he a resident of San Diego Instead oi
Oakland. Also with that characteristic
family thrift the committeeman consent
ed to become a party to the scheme, and
vote acording to tht whispered instruc
tions of McNab. The brothers are bott
cared for now at the expense of the tax
payers, but they consult the oracle anx
iously to see if the future does not hold
a better reward for their patriotism.
In the meantime the "Pride of the Mis
sion" is wroth and goes so far in his
thirst for vengeance as to threaten tc
accept the nomination for County Clerk,
soothe his savage breast.
COLLECT! D IN
THE CORRIDORS
John F. Carrere la at the California.
Dr. J. W. Dodson and wife are at the
Grand.
S. E. Fletcher of Seattle is registered
at the Palace.
Judge T. C. Law of Merced is stopping
at the Occidental.
G. H. Stewart of Los Angeles ia stop
ping at the Grand.
A. C. Huston, a merchant of Woodland,
is stopping at the Grand.
George S. Waterhouse of Honolulu is
stopping at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Strassberger of New York
are staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. V. S. McClatchy of Sac
ramento are stopping at the California.
Mrs. C. A. Hopkins, daughter and son
of BoEton are registered at the Palace.
M. Page Minor, a prominent mining
man of Williams, Ariz., is staying at the
Occidental.
A. J. Hinds, head of the well known
real estate firm of Santa Cruz, is regis
tered at the Grand.
C. P. Eaton, U. S. N., Is at the Palace.
James Muir, a mining man of Ferris, is
stopping at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. John A, McLure of Berke
ley have returned from Lake Tahoe,
where they have been rusticating for the
past three weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels left yes
terday for Coronado, where they remain
several weeks. They were accompanied
by John D. Spreckels.
C. H. Markham, general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific for Oregon
lines, wife and daughter, arrived In this
city yesterday on their way to Southern
California.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Ex-Attorney
General W. H. H. Hart is at Willards.
J. F. Evans leaves for San Francisco to
morrow, thence for Manila, where, as
commissary of subsistence, with the rank
of captain on the staff of General Mer
Tooley street consider his presence on
their gang something in the nature of a
triumph. He will assist In the presenta
tion to Maguire of a gold brick.
Another natural leader of men, who,
for the nonce, is consenting to be led, is
Eugene Napoleon Deuprey. He is a legal
Samson untouched of Delilah's shears.
His name is a household word in some
households. He has a political history.
In IS9O he withdrew with a little band
of adherents whom Farmer Buckley had
overlooked in the distribution of pie into
the cave of Adullam known as Irving
Hall. There they formed a party of their
own with pie as the platform. Deuprey
invited Whispering Gavin to join, but
just then Gavin was trotting, ghost dog
like, at the heels of the Llvermore agri
culturist, and refused to break away. On
the contrary he replied that Buckley was
a good enough reformer for him, that
the malcontents had tried to reform the
Democratic party and had done so to the
extent of getting out of it.
Now Napoleon has consented to become
a candidate for District Attorney, an of
fice in which he thinks he would shin*.
When the other Napoleon— the original
first stood face to face with Goethe, h«
exclaimed "Voila un homme," which, be
ing translated, means "There is a man."
But could he have been at the Democratic
convention in Union Hall in 18&4 when
our own Napoleon was giving away nomi
nations without consulting the assemblage,
he would have looked with bulging eyes
and exclaimed: "There are at least two
men." On that memorable occasion Deu
prey handed to one favored friend the
nomination as County Clerk, and others
were put on the ticket to run for jobs
at Supervising. Nobody wanted them
there but Deuprey, but they went there
just the same, and Deuprey overruled the
howls of protest. Robin Hood, Claude
Duval, Dick Turpin and Captain Kidd
have gone to their several rewards. Deu
prey is still in the flesh, illuminating th«
pages of Democracy's history. He wants
his reward without getting it as the other
ritt, he will establish and conduct a sys
tem of tariff and internal taxation to be
known as "military contributions."
A MOTHER'S OFFERING.
Go, at thy countrys call.
Whatever gentle bonds may hold thee
here.
Whatever tender claims may seem more
dear,
Thy duty!— first of all.
Go! And God guard thy way-
Through, all the hidden dangers of the
night,
Through pain and peril— to tha dawning
light
Of a peaceful day.
Go! Thy young heart is brave.
Battle for right with all thy strength and
Shouldst thou not triumph, thou at least
canst fill
A soldier's grave.
*». v G ,°L If the cause be w °n.
On the bright record, free of stain or blot,
Thy name, shall shine forever; but If not,
God's will be done!
, Go! I can say adieu
As glad y as a greeting home to thee,
And look my last through smiles, if thou
wilt be
Firm, brave and true!
Go! My one child, my joy—
Unto thy country for whatever fate.
By these last tears, O heaven, I consecrate
My only boy!
—Madeline S. Bridges, In Leslie's Weekly.
SOLDIERS IN WASHINGTON.
The stairway leading up to the top or
the Washington monument has been im
passable with soldiers for a couple or
weeks past. Not one in ten of the soldiers
will ride up in the elevator, and the so:
dier who does take the elevator is called
a "slob" by his comrades. The men who
have had their hats thrown out of tho
windows of the monument by skylarking
comrades haven't appeared to enjoy thia
game very much, especially the searching
for their chapeaux after the descent.
It is not a characteristic of men who
comprise an urban population to run to
fires. The soldiers who are now flocking
through the streets of Washington don'i
pretend to metropolitan ways. This ex
plains why so many of them, when they
see a fire engine racing along the street,
take to their heels and follow it. There
has not been a miniature blaze in "Wash
lngton for several weeks Dast that has nor
been witnessed by a knot of panting sol
diers.
Thousands of the soldiers have rested
their weary limbs in the scats of the gal
leries of the two houses of Congress sinew
the camp was established acijos the way.
The men occupy themselves chiefly In
picking out the Representatives from their
own States, and when they have focusea
them in their vision they do not take their
eyes off them while they remain. It is
not to be supposed that the Representa
tive on the Moor do not know that thw
soldiers from their districts are watching
them studiously either. The Representa
tives know that soldiers write letters
home, especially when they haven't much,
else to do, and a good many of them have
done a bit of attitudinizing" for the benefit
of the lads in blue. All of the soldiers
have exhibited a very great interest in
Mr. Reed, Speaker.— Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WORKIXGMEN— S. A. M., City. The
late Henry Ward Beecher is credited with
having:, in a speech, said that: "Corn
bread and molasses was good enough for
workingmen. and that th€"y live too high
in America."
MOUNT VERNON-S., City. In 1741
Lawrence 'Washington, half-brother of
George Washington, was with Admiral
Vernon as captain of a company of four
battalions sent to capture Cartagena, a
strongly fortified port of South America.
Upon his return to America and after the
death of his father Lawrence received
the family home in Virginia and named
it MOunt Vernon for the admiral he
fought under.
OLD-TIME FlGHTS— Pugilist, City. It
was in 1852 that John Morrissey beat
George Thompson (Bob McLaren) in
eleven rounds in sixteen minutes at Mare
Island. California. The fight took place
on the 31st of August, stake $4000. Tom
my Chandler beat Dooney Harris for
$".000 and the middle-weight championship
of America in twenty-three rounds in
twenty-eight minutes near Point Isabel,
Contra Costa County, Cal., April 13, 1867.
CREELMAN— Enq., City. James Creel
man, the war correspondent of the yellow
journal of this city, who was recently
wounded at Santiago de Cuba, is the same
James Creel man who. as correspondent
for the New York World, in company
with Frederick W. Lawrance, correspond
ent for the New York Journal, was on the
7th of May, 1896. expelled from Cuba by
order of Captain General Weyler. The
reason for the action against Creelman
was indignation of the Spanish over the
account he wrote of the massacre at
Campo Florido.
OCEAN RECORDS— F. M., Portola, San
Mateo County, Cal. The record by steam
er between Liverpool and New York was
by the side-wheeler Baltic (American) in
1853, time 9 days 16 hours and 33 minutes;
by a screw steamer between the same
ports was by the Etruria (Cunard lino*
going to New York in IS«7, time 6 days 19
hours and 47 minutes. The fastest pass
ago from Queenstown, Ireland, to New
York was by the steamer Lucania in Oc
tober, 1594. Distance sailed, 2779 knots;
mean time. 5 days 7 hours and 23 minutes.
The fastest passage from New York to
Queenstown was by the same steamer in
September, 1«94. Distance, 2SIO knots;
time, 5 days 8 hours and 38 minutes.
THE LADROXE ISLANDS— E.. Oak
land, Cal. The Ladrone Islands, recently
seized by the commander of the Charles
ton, are divided into two groups by a
broad channel. These contain a total area
of about 417 square miles. The northern
group, known as Gani, consists of ten
islands, uninhabited. In the southern
group there are five islands, all but one
being inhabited. These are known as
Cuahan (Spanish Guaian, the San Juan
of old Spanish charts'. Rota. Aguigan,
Tlnian and Saypan. The only town in
the colony is San Ignacio de Agana, on
the island of Guahan. And there is the
fortified harbor of Umata. The climate
is humid, salubrious, and the heat, tem
pered by tne trade winds, is milder than
at the Philippines. The mean tempera
ture at Guahan is 81. August and Sep
tember are the warmest months. The
population consists of descendants of
the original inhabitants, called Chamor
ros, of Tagal settlers from the Philip
pines and a mixed race from the Spanish
and the Chamorros. All the inhabitants
understand and speak the Spanish lan
guage.
GERMANY'S VESSELS— A. S., San
Luis Obispo, Cal. The German fleei !ii
the Asiatic station is composed of the
following named vessels: First-class
cruisers, Deutschland, Kaiser, Kalserin
Augusta; second-class cruiser?. Irene,
Gefion. Princess Wilhelm. and third-class
cruiser Arcona. The Deutschland is of
.7319 tons displacement, iron hull; armor,
ten-inch belt, eight-inch gun protection
and two-inch deck protection; her speed
is 14.5 knots, and her armament thirty
eight guns; Kaiser, 7531 tons, iron hull,
ten-inch belt, ten-inch gun protection,
two-inch deck plate, speed 4.6 knots, ar
mament twenty-eight guns; Kaiserin
Augusta, steel hull, 6331 tons, three and a
two-inch deck plate, speed, 14.6 knots, ar
mament thirty guns; Irene, ste^l hull,
4400 tons, three-inch deck plate, speed 19.8
knots, armament twenty-seven guns;
Gefion, steel hull, 4207 tons, three-inch
deck plate, speed twenty knots, arma
ment twenty-seven guns; Princess Wil
helm, steel hull. 4400 tons, three-inch deck
plate, speed 18.7 knots, twenty-seven
guns; Arcona, wooden hull, 2373 tons,
speed fourteen knots, armament twenty
live guns. The armament on these ves
sels is guns of 10.2 caliber, 5.9, 4.3, 4.1, 3
and 1.9. Those of smaller caliber are
quick-firing. These vessels have also a
number of machine guns varying from
two to twelve on each.
IN DARKEST EDEN.
"Good-night," she said, and softly closed
the door
Behind us In the drawing-room. The
hall was dark,
The lamp upon the balustrade burned
low. Upon the floor
Deep shadows fell; yet in the dimness
I could. mark
The smile upon her face.
We were alone; I fear we liked our
I loneliness;
And it was dark— l know we liked
that. too.
"Good-night," she said again, but I
■ ~ ■'."-.""< could guess
She really did not mean it as adieu.
And so I kept my place.
For In this whole wide world, I loved her
best of all.
Her little hand in mine a trembling ;
pris'ner lay —
And did I kiss her then? Ah. like the hall,
We'll keep it dark. How would you say
"Good-night" in such a case?
. -Vim.
"Mary, you don't mean to say you in
tend to wear this switch?"
"Pc calm, my dear. Last year eleven
young men asked me for locks of hair;
this year I mean to be ready."—
Life. --•
Street Vendor (irritable through lack of
trade)— Buy a box o' cough lozenges?
Bystander— haven't got a cough.
v.— Well, fight me, an' buy some stuff
for black Tit-Bits.
" "Is he a great poet?" '.
"He certainly regards himself as one."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because he . has undertaken to make
'dumb' rhyme with 'home,' and no man
■would dare to do that unless he considered
himself a great poet."— Chicago Post.
■ . ♦ • '■ .;.
! A PRIMER OF CUBAN COAST
GEOGRAPHY.
Bahia, a bay.
Cala, an inlet.
Ensa., ensenada, an Inlet.
Playa, a beach.
Pta., punta, a point or headland
Rio, a river.
Sabana, a plain.
Surgo., surgidero, an anchorage,— New
York Sun.
.—. — ' ♦ ' — :
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
. — '"'■♦■ -
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks and Valises.
Trunks, Valises, Pocketbooks and Belts:
best assortment; lowest prices. At San
born & Vails .
• » » _
As r Robinson Crusoe walked along th©
beach he came upon a hat.
He kicked ". the .: hat forthwith
There was no brick under It -
'i A , s I expected," exclaimed the distin
! guished adventurer, in: consternation. "I
I have lost my reckoning. It is not April
» » .
Dr. Siegrert'g Angostura Bitters Is a sure curs
of \ diarrhea, -; ; dysentery, 111 effects of hard
I water. t«ven,;etb^MiaAHnAnHiEIGHTH CALIFORNIA OFFICERS
APPOINTED BY GOVERNOR BUDD
TUT": forces that are to constitute
the fourth Manila expedition are
six troops of the Fourth United
States Cavalry and the Independ-
ont Nevada Cavalry troop, now at
the PresHio, all under the command of
Major Sanford C. Kellogg, Batteries A
and D of the Sixth Artillery, command
ed by Major Grugan; five companies of
the Fourteenth United States Infantry
under Major Robe: sixty men of the
Third Artillery under Lieutenant Aber
nethy, and recruits for the Hospital
Corps, Signal Corps and the Eighteenth
and Twenty-third Infantry Regiments.
These troops will .'ill sail on or before
next Tuesday, ond the steamers City of
Puebla and Peru. This confirms the
announcement made in yesterday's
Call.
This expedition will be in command
of Major Sanford C Kellogg of the
Fourth United States Cavalry.
Major Kellogg has a brilliant record.
Ho is a native of New York State, and
is 56 years of age. His first military
was pained as a member of
thirty-seventh New York State
i Regiment, from May 29 to Sep
tember 2, lsO2, and from that time he
actively served throughout the War of
the Rebellion, being promoted from
time to time for gallant and meritori
ous services on the field of battle. He
was on the staff of Major General
:e H. Thomas, and was in all the
battles in which that famous comman
der was engaged, among which were
Hoover's Gap, Chattanooga, Chicka
mauga. Missionary Ridge, Lookout
Mountain, Buzzards Roost, Resaca,
Adairsville. ("assville, New Hope
Church, Kenesaw Mountain, Peach
Tree Creek, the fights around Atlanta,
ending with the battle of Jonesboro
and the occupation of Atlanta; the bat
tle of Nashville, and the pursuit of
General Hood's army into Alabama.
H^ was several times brevetted for his
valuable and heroic services, his high
est brevet rank being that of colonel.
At the end of the war Kellogg was
appointed second lieutenant in the
Eighteenth United States Regular In
fantry, and a few months later was
promoted to a first lieutenancy. In
mber, I^TO, he was assigned to the
Fifth Cavalry, and in ISTI was made a
captain, and is now a major of the
Fourth Cavalry. In ISBI he was or
dered to report for duty on the staff of
Lieutenant General Sheridan, where he
remained until February, 1873. Dur
ing this period he was stationed at
igo, but participated In a recon
naissance of the Yellowstone River to
the mouth of Powder River, and was
engaged in several skirmishes with
Sioux Indians during the movement.
The companies of the Fourteenth In
fantry will sail on the City of Puebla,
and the Fourth Cavalry troops and the
Nevada Cavalry will go on the Peru.
No horses will be taken for the cavalry
on this expedition. The plan of ship
ping horses and mules on the sailing
vessel Tacoma is yet in abeyance, sub
ject to further consideration. Lieu
tenant Neal, Fourth United States
< Hvalry, yesterday Inspected the Ta
coma with a view of ascertaining the
I ability of transporting horses on
a sailing vessel. He will report his
conclusions to Major General Otis, and
his report, no doubt, will determine the
matter.
It is paid that an Englishman has
made an offer to the United States
rnment to deliver Australian
MAIL FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
The Coptic sails to-day for China, touching en route at Hono
ulu. Mail will be taken for the Philippine Islands at domestic rates.
The Postofflce Department wishes to caution all senders of mail
o soldiers and sailors to include in the address the company and reg
ment if a soldier, the boat upon which he is doing duty if a sailor.
Phis is a point to which particular attention should be paid if prompt
lelivery of the mail is wanted.
The mail will close at 1 1 o'clock this morning.
horses at Manila for $150 each, and if
he can assure the Government that he
can carry out his proposition it will no
doubt be accepted. In that event there
will be no necessity of shipping horses
from San Francisco. The Australian
horses range in height from 15 to 15.2
hands, and are well built, sturdy and
spirited animals. They have been in
troduced In Japan, where they have
met all the requirements for army pur
poses.
lieutenant F. G. Carson of the
Fourth United States Cavalry was last
< v^ning ordered to take charge of the
Peru with a detail of one non-com
missioned officer and six men, and
Lieutenant F. M. Savage of the Fif
teenth United States Infantry received
a similar order to guard the City of
Puebla with a detail from the Four
teenth United States Infantry.
BUDD NAMES
THE OFFICERS
The Governor Appoints
the Line Officers of the
Eighth California.
Yesterday, by direction of Governor
Budd, Adjutant General Barrett named
the line officers of the Eighth California
United States Volunteer Infantry. The
Governor, Adjutant General and Colonel
H.nshaw gave careful consideration to
the selection of these officers. Few
changes were made from the original list
ur.a therefore the roster stands very
• as it did when the companies went
Into camp under Colonel Henshaw.
The Governor is very earnest in his de
termination that capable officers shall go
to tho front with the Eighth Regiment.
Where changes were made good and suffi
cient military reasons were set forth for
change. The idea that the volun
"f the Eighth Regiment contem
i revolt because a few changes were
order a is if warded by the Governor and
Adjutunt General as absurd. It can be
said ,".s a tact, however that the Governor
will not tolerate ar.y insubordination or
throats of a mutiny. In the event of mu
tinous talk the offending organization will
bo promptly dismissed from the 6ervlce.
So many companies are anxious to get
In that the military authorities of the
State cannot afford to countenance
any infraction of military discipline
by organizations which have been favor
•4 by acceptance. Santa Cruz stands
CAPTAIN WILLIAM ELLIOT, Commander of Company
D of San Rafael at Camp Barrett.
ready to send in a company of stalwart
volunteers. Eureka is tendering a com
pany and many other towns are making
application for the acceptance of troops.
The effort of the Examiner to provoke
the volunteers to mutiny has not escaped
the observation of the military authori
ties. Nothing would give the Exu minor
more pleasure than a revolt among the
soldiers from this State, hence an awk
ward effort is made by that journal to
stir up strife and bad feeling in the regi
ment at Camp Barrett. The paper is hav
ing quite a war carnival of its own. The
staff correspondents, according to the let
ters of Willie Hearst, the boss of the
sheet, are on the battlefield of Santiago
picking the pockets of the dead and cut
ting off the heads of Spanish prisoners.
It is not surprising therefore that the
non-combatllnts of the staff should be
over in Fruitvale ■working up a "special
EJxaminer mutiny among- the California
volunteers.
The following is the text of the order is
sued from State Headquarters yesterday.
SAN' FRANCISCO. July 6, IK9S.
Captain C. H. Murray. Mustering: Ofn>er.
United States Army, Camp Barrett— Sir: I am
directed by the Governor to submit the fol
lowing-named line officers for the purpose of
being mustered into the several companies of
the Eighth California United States Volunteer
Infantry:
Company A— Captain J. J. Cahlll, First Lieu
tenant L. A. Jackson, Second Lieutenant Yan
del Foote.
Company B— Captain H. L. Partridge, First
Lieutenant L. A. de Toe, Second Lieutenant
T. S. Munn.
Company C— Captain William S. Barnes, First
Lieutenant M. w. Stockdale, Second Lieuten
ant, H. W. Emerson.
Company D— Captain William Elliott. First
Llrutrnant C. K. Megget.
company X— Captain C. E. de Haven, First
I.ieutf-nant C. H. Holmes, Second Lieutenant
W. C. Bean.
Company F— Captain L. E. Wenk, First Lieu
tenant W. H. Cobbledlck, Second Lieutenant
C. C. Covalt.
Company G — Captain M. W. Simpson, First
Lieutenant G. H. Wethern, Second Lieutenant
E. K. McDonnell.
Company H— '"aptain L. E. Lyon First Lieu
tenant J. G. Estep, Second Lieutenant F. A.
Marriott.
Company I— Captain P. T. Rlley, First Lieu
tenant J. R. Tyrell, Second Lieutenant F. M.
Milter.
Company X— Captain Howard Ford, First
Lieutenant Thomas Rutledge, Second Lieuten
ant H. B. Denson.
Company L— Captain G. H. Voss, First Lieu
tenant T. A. Atchlson, Second Lieutenant F.
B. l»rady.
Company M— Captain Gporgre B. Baldwin.
Flr-Ft Lieutenant G. C. Peart. Second Lieuten
ant G. Marden.
GETTING READY FOUR TRANSPORTS.
The fifth expedition to Manila will sail from San Francisco between the
sth and 20th of this month, And will consist of four transports, under the
ommand of Brigadier General Marcus P. Miller. Major General Otis will
n all probability accompany the expedition. The troops that will compos©
he tilth expedition are: The First New York (yet to arrive), Twentieth
Cansas, First Montana, Third Battalions of the Eighteenth and Twenty
hlrd United States Infantry, and another regiment yet to be selected.
Will you kindly confer with Colonel Park
Henphaw. commanding the regiment, regarding
the mustering of those officers?
All of the field officers' names have been
heretofore submitted nnd are as follows:
Colonel Park HenKhaw, Lieutenant Colonel
F. de L. Carrlngton. Major A. K. Whltton,
Major E. A. Forbes, Quartermaster E. S. Hel
ler, Adjuttnt D. A. Smith. Major and Surgeon
George F. Shields, Assistant Surgeon W. F.
Dudley. Assistant Surgeon J. D. Yost.
In the matter of the Recond lieutenantcy of
Company D the name will be submitted later.
Should any of these parties fall to pass a
physical examination, or ."hould any of them
fall to report when required for muster or
soon thereafter, other namps will be submitted
In their place. Very respectfully,
A. W. BARRETT. Adjutant General.
The foregoing orders show that L. E.
Lyon has been appointed captain of Com
pany H from Redding in place of Captain
Smith who came to Camp Barrett with
the company. Captain Lyon has an ex
cellent record of service in the National
Guard and for many years commanded
Company A of the Sixth Infantry.
George B. Baldwin is appointed captain
of Company M, Woodland, in place of
Captain Ward. Captain Baldwin is re
garded as one of the best drill masters in
the State and an officer of energy and all
around ability.
H. B. Denson, second lieutenant Com
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
pany X, Colusa, is a graduate of the
State University and has a record of two
years' service in the Naval Academy. He
is a son of Judge Denson.
Yandel Foote, second lieutenant Com
pany A, is a capable young officer who
will not hesitate about going forward
when the time for action comes. He ia
a son of H. S. Foote and a nephew of W.
\V. Foote.
AMAZED BY
YELLOW LIES
The Eighth Regiment in
Contact With Saffron
Journalism.
CAMP BARRETT, FRUITVALE, July
6.— As is generally known, the members of
the Eighth Infantry, California Volun
teers, come from many sections of the
State, the majority at a distance from
San Francisco. In their far off northern
homes they learned little of the ways of
yellow journalism, just enough, in fact,
to avoid it and to let it severely alone.
But since their arrival in Camp Barrett
they have been brought into contact with
it to a greater or less extent, and the ex
perience has cost them no end of worry and
aroused an unlimited amount of disgust.
For officers and men now realize that the
Examiner, with characteristic mendacity,
has been endeavoring to stir up mutiny
In camp and wreck, in part at least, the
pride of the California volunteer organiza
tion.
When the yellow yeller reached camp
this mnrning it was found to contain a
lurid tale of a general sweep of line offi
cers. No less than six captains, in camp
with their companies, were to be deposed,
while ten lieutenants were to be sent back
home without cause. The faker was mod
est; it only "turned down" half the offi
cers in the regiment and did not attempt
to give the names of the victims, whereas
if it had not been for a recent editorial
cyclone engulfing several of the most pic
! turesque prevaricators known to yellowr
| dom every officer in the regiment would
i probably have been slated and the name
1 of his successor given.
It was evident at a glance that the
■ writer was not u~ to the Examiner limit,
! but he did the best he could. For instance,
! he went on to tell how hair the companies
' were in a state bordering on mutiny and
! had the men declaring that if their offi
cers were not accepted they would refuse
t to be mustered into the service.
■ The whole article was cunningly writ
i ten with a view of inciting the men to
just the course the article outlined. The
object of this was most worthy of the
i source from which It emanated. It was
i nothing less than to wreck what prom
i ises to be one of the very best regiments
that ever responded to Uncle Sam's call
' to arms; to disrupt the National Guard,
i and to bring disgrace upon some of the
bravest sons of the State by dragging
them into a foolish revolt. And all to
satisfy the craving of the yellowest ot
! yellow sheets for sensationalism. But the
I wholesale decapitations have not been
' made. As will be seen by the accom
: panying roster two captains and a few
lieutenants have been dropped, but no
where near as many as the Examiner pre
dicted and there will be no revolt. The
i men of the Eighth Regiment are too
patriotic to let such a matter as the sub
stitution of one officer for another drive
them out of the service of their country.
They know, too, that such a step would_
only bring disgrace upon themselves and'
their birthplace, for were they to refus»
to join the regiment there are scores of
towns ready and anxious to send men to
take their places without question and
without a thought as to who would
command them. The men in Camp Bar
rett would like to serve under the men
who commanded them in the National
Guard, but they will follow whoever may
be selected to lead them.
Captain Murray commenced the work
of mustering in the men by companies
this afternoon and by night four full
commands, embracing some of the best
blood in the State, had taken the oath
to bear true faith to the United States.
The first to enter the service was Com
pany D of San Rafael, making Captain
Elliott the senior line officer. Lieutenant
Meggett was not mustered in, but will
await his turn, according to seniority.
Company D presented 105 men to the mus
tering officer, and after they had been ad
vised -of the nature of the obligations
they were about to assume and warned
that If they wanted to back down then
was the time to do so (a warning none
heeded), the oath was administered. A
great cheer from their comrades greeted
them at the conclusion of the ceremony
and the men were marched to headquar
ters, where they signed the muster roll in
triplicate.
Company X of Colusa was the second
company to take the oath, Captain Ford
lining up 106 men before the mustering
officer. His lieutenants, Rutledge and
Denison, will take the oath in their
proper turn. The ceremony was identical
in each case, and after the last man had
subscribed his name Captain Partridge
lined up 105 of San Jose's sons for the de
fense of their country.
I Company E- of Santa Rosa, 106 strong,
followed San Jose, Lieutenants Holmes
and Bean taking the oath with Captain
Havens and the enlisted men, they being
the ranking officers of their respective
grades in the regiment. ,
To-morrow morning Captain' Murray will
continue the work, and he expects to
have the last man In the regiment sworn
in by night.
The examining surgeons finished their
work to-day, passing upon forty-three
men, of whom three were rejected. These
were extra men to fill vacancies In those
companies that were reduced below the
maximum. The surgeons have passed a
total of 1378 officers and men.six more than
the maximum of 106 to the company, but
the non-commissioned staff is yet to be
appointed, which will take most of the
surplus. It Is a singular fact that some
of the healthiest appearing men who
came into camp have been rejected on
account of heart trouble. The majority
of these came from the country districts,
and the surgeons attribute the prevalence
of valvular affection of the heart among
them to the continuous and heavy work
on farms. These men have never known
a day's illness, and were greatly sur
prised when told that their hearts were
affected.
Private Riley of Company D, who was
bitten in the hand by a spider two nights
ago while asleep, is somewhat Improved
to-day, although his arm is still swollen
to alarming proportions and he is con
fined to a cot in the hospital. About
midnight last night his condition became
so alarming that the surgeons were sum
moned and a priest Bent for. Riley be
gan frothing at the mouth and raved like
a maniac. He was finally quieted and
since then has shown a Blight but steady
improvement.
Mrs. B. D. Murphy of San Jose was
among the visitors to camp to-day. She
has two nephews in Company B, whom
she is very proud of, and wanted to see
them after they had become full-fledged
soldiers.
Colonel Carrington has arranged to have
band instruments sent over in the morn
ing and the regimental band will begin
practice to-morrow under Principal Musi
clan Gomez of Oakland. The several
towns from which the companies were
drawn have guaranteed. funds to pay for
the instruments. There are a number of
excellent musicians in the regiment, and
it will not be long before the Eighth can
boast of one of the best bands in the
volunteer service.
When the citizens of Oakland present
the regiment with a stand of colors,
which they have promised to do, it will
be well equipped.
♦
THE SHODDY UNIFORMS.
Clothing of the Tennessee and
Kansas Regiments Unfit
to Wear,
The board of survey appointed by Gen
eral King to pass upon the uniforms of j
the Twentieth Kansas and First Tennes- j
see regiments has made its reports. In j
which the board finds the pants and I
blouses of a quality unfit for issue, al- j
though the workmanship upon them is j
fairly good. The board recommends that ;
the uniforms be replaced with those pre
scribed in the regulations, without cost,
and that the present ones be turned into j
the quartermaster.
Brigadier General Otis has decided not !
to call a board of survey for the Third j
Brigade at the present time. Colonel Lo- j
per of the Fifty-first lowa thought of re- ;
questing the calling of a board, as did
Colonel Frost of the First South Dakota,
but upon investigation both officers found
that matters had not the alarming as- j
pect that they had upon first glance, and i
decided to bring about a settlement of |
their troubles without undue publicity.
Private Harry Stewart, Company D, I
First South Dakota, slipped and fell on the j
pavement of First avenue while drilling •
yesterday morning, breaking his right leg
at the knee. He will be honorably dis- ;
charged from the service.
Dr. Henry Page of the field hospital ;
was taken "suddenly and seriously ill on j
Tuesday night, and was Immediately re- !
moved to the French Hospital. Dr. P<?.«re
Bhowed a good many of the symptoms of
cerebro spinal meningitis, but yesterday j
these symptoms had disappeared, and he
is already on the high road to recovery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦
I When War :
4- • was needed, Uncle Sam's children declared X
"*" war without hesitation. ♦
X You won't hesitate to bacK Uncle Sam, .+
♦ will you? 4;
X It is easy.- Pay 10 cents a pound more for ♦
4- fresh new teas, on which Uncle Sam Ijas put *
X his tax. %
4 WepayUocleSaro's war tax uotil July 15th. '
a.
I HDiISS/ Good Health to the X
X Ulllm\ Boys in Blue +
Z_ WITH "♦■
: American's Best Tea. \
> Quality Prices 4
■f Quality Price* +
+ Best" Obtainable. Lowest In America. +
I Great American Importing Tea Co. j
♦ SPEAKING FOR THEIR ♦
t 108 Money Saving Stores. ♦
•♦• CITY STORES. >
f 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. ♦
«♦- 140 Sixth St. 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St. J
> 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. 3285 Mission St. 4
■J. 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery Ay.- +
X 218 Third St 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. J
> v'" 1190 Kentucky St. « : X
4. . OAK.L.AND STORES. "♦"
"*". 1052 ; Washington St., Oakland. 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland. X
£ 917 Broadway, Oakland. . - 616 E. Twelfth St.,' Oakland. - +
f 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. 1355 Park St., Alameda. ♦
♦ x
X A Good Time , X
X to Buy Tea. :
4.4"f-f-f'f'f4"f-f'f'f'f4-4-4'f-f4-44'*-f4"f-f'f-f'f4"f-f-f'f4"f'f
:' . ' '■■■ •.'..* ■■--». . .- " ■ " - ■ ■'■-.'.■ ■ ■ -■.'■"'--'■" f -.■-'"--""■■""■.".'■ ? . . - ; - ■ ' "■."". -' "Tr v
Preliminary papers have been filed for
the discharge from the First South Da
kota of Privates Harry N. Meyers and
Owen Sheeren of Company M. Both men
were seriously hurt while drilling on the
Presidio hills.
Adjutant Jonas Lien and Sergeant Ma
jor Roy \V. Stover have received the
good news that they have both been grad
uated from their respective colleges, the
University of Nebraska and Harvard.
Having enlisted before the close of the
college y£ar, both men have been much
worried over their chances for graduation.
Lieutenant Morse. Company D. Twen
ty-third Infantry, who has been to Michi
gan to attend the funeral of his mother,
is expected to return here in a few days.
•
THE GHOST TO WALK.
The Paymaster Will Visit the
Volunteers at Fort Point
To- Day.
What has interested the Boldlers of the
Sixth California more than anything else
since they have been in San Francisco,
outside of what disposition will be made
of them regarding their being sent to the
front or remaining here, is the exceeding
probability of a visit of the paymaster
to-day.
Since the Sixth was enrolled on the 7th
of last May not a cent has any one of the
sturdy soldiers from Sacramento and the
San Joaquln Valley received from the
Government. Notwithstanding the in
conveniences those soldiers have had to
put up with on account of not being paid,
they have served their country well thus
far, and will willingly continue bo to do,
whether they get paid or not.
They still have hopes of being sent
where they will be of more service to the
country than they are now rendering.
They claim to be as well disciplined and
as physically able to hold their own
in battle as any other organization of
volunteers now In the service. They come
from a portion of the State where In sum
mer the mercury runs high, and their
ability to stand excessive heat is one of
the things on which they base their
claim that they are just the right kind of
soldiers to fight Spaniards in a climate
where the air is oppressive, as it some
times is in the localities they came from.
Some of the members of the Sixth
have been asked how they stood the
march on the Fourth of July, and their
response was they did not mind it much
more than an ordinary battalion drill ex
ercise, although they marched from the
foot of Market street to Van Ness ave
nue, thence to Fort Point, where their
camp is located.
Wer Incidents.
A broom manufacturer In Boston has
made a very large broom, which has ar
rived in this cit • to be sent to Admiral
Dewey, and the tag attached indi
cates, for Dewey to make "a clean
sweep" with it. It is now in Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s Express office, and for the past
three days has been the subject of con
siderable correspondence between Presi
dent A. Stein and Major General Otis.
The manufacturer is very desirous of
having the big broom sent to Dewey, and
General Otis nas not yet signified his in
tentions as to whether or not he will taKe
it on the next expedition.
On Monday evening last the First Bap
tist church gave - social at the Christian
Endeavor headquarters. Camp Merritt.
After a splendid programme was rendered
the men were served with refreshments.
On Tuesday evening the Simpson Memo
rial M. E. church had charge, and the
success of Monday's social was repeated.
Last evening a praise service was held,
and to-night the Free Baptist church will
entertain the boys.
The good work of the Endeavorers pr.es
on with unabated vigor. Medicines aje
given out to many of the boys who are
sick, and numberless other things done
for the comfort of the soldiers.
Chaplain Macomber, D. S. A., has in
vited all of the volunteer chaplains n.>w
at Camp Merritt to a dinner at his quar
ters at Angel Island to-day. In honor of
Chaplain Pierce, the brigade chaplain of
the regular forces at Camp Merritt.
Private Thomas Holden, Company H,
First Wyoming, died yesterday at the
French Hospital, after a long illness from
typhoid fever.
Drink for the Thirsty.
The Enterprise Brewery, a local con
cern, has shipped 400 barrels of beer
by the brig W. G. Irwin to J. Dodd of
Honolulu. There was a famine of the
amber fluid at the islands, owing to the
seizure of vessels for transport use.
The Enterprise beer, both lager and
steam, is of superior quality and the
most popular beer in San Francisco. It
is sure to meet with the approval of
the people of Honolulu.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives MARIANI WINE is in-
power to the brain, strength and valuable for overworked men,
elasticity to the muscles, and delicate women and sickly
richness to the blood. It is a children. It soothes, strength'
promoter of good health and ens and sustains the sys-
longevity. tern.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO.. 52 West 15th st, New York, will b*
sent, free, book containing portraits with indorsements of Emperors, Empresses, Princes,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other interesting matter.
Yin Mariani Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris — 11 Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 23-30 Hospital Street.
Grand PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
VACATION EXCURSION
TO
ALASKA and the ARCTIC CIRCLE
(LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN),
BY THE—
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
OO.'S Steel Steamship BRIXHAM,
Leaving San Francisco July 10, Seattle July
14, touching at various coast ■ points, affording
passengers an opportunity of seeing the mag-
nificent scenery of Puget Sound, coast of Brit-
ish Columbia in daylight, volcanoes of the
Aleutian Islands, stopping at Unalat-ka, thence
across Bering Sea, touching at New Boston,
passing Kings Island, the home of the Arctic
cliff dwellers, en route to Kotiebue Sound. The
final landing will be made at Hotham Inlet at
the mouth of Kowak River, and on the return
trip the steamship Brixham will stop at St.
Michael and Dutch Harbor for sightseeing
purposes.
THIRTY-DAY TRIP,
Under Management of the Company's Tourist
;-'-,. ' Agent,
ONLY $250,
Including meals, berths, transportation and all
necessaries. Three concerts daily by the
steamer's orchestra. Lady chaperon. Electric
lights. Steam heat. Experienced guide. Su-
perb cuisine.
Apply
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
COMPANY.
H. M. HAINES, C. F. and P. A.,
20 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
A. E. CRONENWETT, G. T. M.,
114 James street, Seattle, Wash.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No' Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured I
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. IX
17 THIRD ST.. Nenr Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
tvriF Ta Full Set of Teeth
$&TV» / S*JS(V extracting free $5 00 up
<^ *$&&££%£' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
at. •£j£- V"J?«dr V Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
4& -^-Sk'ij^v^^L o. Open Evenings & Sundays
e-^fllCl VAN VROOM
y^ffmv Electro Dental Parlors
**& l^V Sixth and Market
I "' r V ' Dr. QW. Kleiser, Prop.
Acne, Pimples, Comedones or Flesh Worms
permanently cured by Dermatologist JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 127 West Forty-second St.. New
York. Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and
Facial Cream. - Consultation free. Charges
moderate. '
DR.ICMLTY.
H'hi.s well-known AND RELIABLE oi-ti
JL bpe*ialißtewMl rlvate,Nervous,HloodaiidSkln
Diseases of Me: 1 only. Manly Power restored. Over
.o years'experience.' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient!
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
f!ally;f>:;«) to».:tOeT'(rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consult*
tloiifree and sacredly confidential. O^il or address
f ROS('«H 3l«3firi/irY. ■• !»•-
26Vf KEARNY STREET. SAN TRAKCI3CO, CAT.
AMUSEMENTS.
DASHES-^mCKACpMoIEAYS
RACES! |fe^..RACES!
TROTTING HORSE^BREEDERS* ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 50c admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.)
Races Commence at 2 Clock. .A >
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and 2
o'clock boats stop at the track.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20a.
An insurance and collection agent fn Otsego Cotmtjv
New York, constantly recommends Ripans Tabules to every-
body whom he suspects of suffering from dyspepsia, and takes
pleasure in relating his own experience, as follows : " I have
been a sufferer from dyspepsia for a dozen years or more, and
have tried all kinds of medicines that were said to be good (or a
positive cure), but none of them afforded much relief. I hay«
always been blessed with a keen appetite and have, perhaps, in-
dulged too heartily at times and suffered accordingly. Last
winter while traveling through an adjoining county I first
learned of Ripans Tabules, and was induced by a friend to try
them. They have done me a great deal of good, and I think
that I have fair promise of a permanent cure. If I would b*
rccular about my meals now, I am sure I should be well"
AMUSEMENTS.
ioiSGO^SGRANDSr
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices 25c and 60s
Family Circle and Gallery — 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
WELCOME HOME.
Special Engagement of the Sterling Romantlo
Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY
In the Famous American War Drama,
HELD by the ENEMY
POWERFUL CAST. NEW SCENERY.
PATRIOTIC EFFECTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ONLY 4 MORE NIGHTS AND MATINEB
SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLfcY COMPANY,
In Their Excellent Production o* the Great
Military Drama, "FORT FRAYNE."
F^ORT FRAYNE,
By Brigadier General Charles King and Sheri-
dan-Sutherland.
Next Monday — The comedy, "LOST — M
HOURS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ONLY FOUR NIGHTS MORE!
• Stoekweli's Grand Revival of
UNCLE TTO/Vl'S CABIN I
Popular Prices — 50c, 35c, 25c and 15c
MATINEE SATURDAY— Any Seat 25c.
MRS. ALICE J. SHAW AND DAUGHTERS,
the Whistling Prima Donnas: DOUGLAS &
FORD, Novelty Dancers; THE FOUR CO-
HANS, "Running for Office"; THREE WAT-
SON SISTERS and ZAMORA, Sensational
Aerialists: FALKE & SEMON, Musical Artists;
CHARLES WAYNE, Comedian Eccentrique;
ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne; JONES,
GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE TWO
JUDGES. Acrobatic Equilibrists.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, lOo; open
chairs, and box seats. 50c.
Last week of THE COHANS. See 'em.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestine Krellng.Proprletor and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
>..■■ : REGAL REVIVAL OP
Gilbert & Sullivan's Favorite Opera,
"THE MIKADO!"
GREAT CAST!
Superb Chorus. Enlarged Orchestra. Beautiful
Scenery. Correct Costumes. Appro-
priate Accessories."
NEXT WEEK
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
"FATINITZA
Popular Prices 26c and 60s
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. lfc, 25c,"35c, 500
LAST WEEK OF
LEWIS MORRISON
In Plan's Historical Comedy.
FREDERICKTHE GREAT
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2:15.
Next Monday Night— MORRISON'S SPEC-
TACULAR FAUST.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
CANNON, THE SWISS 613-POUNDER!
And a Great Vaudeville Show In the
FREE THEATER.
Realistic representation of the SINKING OP
THE MAINE and BATTLE AT MANILA!
SEE THE NEW MOVING WAR PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
OT VMDTA I Corner of Miton and
UL * intfl A I Eddy Strati
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
TOM RYAN, "the Mad Musician"; MUR-
RAY & REYNOLDS, Change Artists: BAR-
NEY REYNOLDS, LA ROYCE SISTERS,
MAUD ROCKWELL, LA MONT, and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. Admission Free-
Matinee Sunday.
.
78
RACING ROLES
WERE IGNORED
Thompson's Drive Mer
ited Expulsion.
PLAIN CASE OF FRAUD
DAYMONT STEPS IN 2:20 AND
LANDS A RACE.
Pool Favorite Presented With the
Last Race, Although Flagrantly
Violating the Rules — Noces
and Comments.
There was good racing yesterday at
Oakland, yet ;i very raw attempt at
fraud came near going through. In the
•econd race, the 2:20 trot. Dexter D was
pulled bo plainly bets were declared off.
The last heat of the day was wrongly
awardod and should have gone to Butcher
Boy, Inasmuch as Rex Alto was driven
to a break and whipped In on a run.
thus coming under the rule as to gaining
on a break. True, had he kept his fe«t
he would have won it, but Sullivan actu
ally whipped bins when on a break, thus
violating the rule stating that horses
should be at onoe caught, etc. Just why
the heat was given to Rex Alto was not
explained.
In the main the racing: was excellent.
Primrose won the -:25 pace In 2:19. Starter
Cohen having a pecuniary Interest in
Much Better, gave up the bellrope to T.
J. Crowley. The scoring was rather
tedious, and fourteen times they came
down before the word "go" was sounded.
Peanuts, at a long price, was placed, and
I his party were down on him across the
board. Flu Aymon and Resort were
rank, the latter being left at the barrier.
! His owner protested the start, and thus
ties up the money thirty days. His cabo
■will certainly be lost before the hoard of
review.
Dr. Frasse landed the three-year-old
race off the reel in 2:2tfii. Durfee sat
behind Maud Murray the second heat,
but she waff only one place ahead of her
Other heat. Dos Mlnutoa was fast but un-
Bteady. It will be a long while ere he sus
tains his nomenclature.
Daymont won the 2:23 trot in 2:20 hand
somely, Lottie, the favorite, second and
■Wlnella third. The winner is by Lyn
mont and the property of D. K. Knight,
who greatly enjoyed his victory.
Rex Alto was awarded the last race, but
it looked to be Butcher Boy's under any
Bort of application of the rules. Mizner
could have got his horse through at the
far turn but for Sullivan's "pinching;"
then after carrying Rex to a break near
the finish it seems hard that the rules
were not interpreted and Butcher Boy
awarded the heat, as was certainly merit
ed. The time was 2:17 and Rex Alto step
ped the last end of it in 32 seconds —a
2:08 showing that he has a great deal
of speed. Rex was 7 to 10 in the betting;
Butcher Boy 6 to 2.
There were no unnecessary delays and
outside Mr. Thompson's shortcomings, the
day was a most enjoyable one despite the
chilly air and stiff breeze. To-day's card
is a good one.
FIRST RACE.
2:25 class, pacing, mile dash, purse $200
Primrose, b. m. by Falrose (J. Thompson)... l
Peanuts, eh. g. by Sidney (P. Williams)...... 2
Royal Sid. cli. h. by Roy Wllkea (C. C. Crip
pen) " v 3
Fits Aymon. Dletatress. Polo, Mark' H 'and
Much Better also started and finished in that
order. Resort was left.
-! Time— :33i,i. LOTH. 1:43^. 2:19.
Betting: Auctions— Primrose ?5. field $4
Books— Primrose 1 to 2. Peanuts 6, Royal Bid
15. «D 1« D 1, tr « 7, Much Better, Resort and Mark
Jl.s, Polo 30.
SECOND RACE.
2:31 class, trotting, mile dash, purse $200
Dexter 1). b. h. by Dexter Prince (J. Phln
per.) ,
Silver Queen, b. m. by Silver King (W. iiogo
boom) 2
Forest W, br. h. by Wayland W i'j."gu'inn)" 3
Aggregate, Diana and Pearl X also started
and finished in that order.
Time— :34, I.OS\. 1:40^. 2:21.
Betting: Auctions— Dexter D $10. field $7
BookP-Dexter D 2 to 3. Silver Queen 6 to V
Forest \\ . Aggregate. Diana and Pearl X 6
THIRD RACE.
Three-year-olds, trotting, one mile heats, two
In three, purse $300.
Dr. Frasse, blk. g. by Iran Alto (C. F
Bunch) i .
Bibyl 8. blk. m. by Hambletonlan '
(J. Moorhead) 4 •>
Dos Mlnutos, b. g. by Melvar (Hog'oboom)"* 5
California, eh. c. by Silver Bow (E "
Williams) - 3 3
Maud Murray, eh. f. by Ilambleton'ian
TV likes (W. McManus) 5 4
Time— First heat. :36V ir 1:11, 1:47, I >-26'4 sec
ond heat, :3:.>4. 1:11, 1:48. 2:27.
Betting— Books, first heat. Dr. FraFse 3 to 5
Dob Mlnutos 5, California 6, Sibyl S 4. Maud
Murray 6; second heat. Dr. Frasne 1 to 16
.Sibyl S 20. California 20. Dos Minutos 6 Maud
.Murray 16. Auctions— Frasse $10. field $6
after first heat. Dr. Frass© $10. field $3
FOURTH RACK.
2:23 class, trotting, one mile dash, purse $200
riaymont, b. g. by Lynmont (TV. Hogoboom). 1
Lottie, b. m. by San Diego (J. Sullivan) 2
Wlnella. b. m. by Altagu (H. Hellman) 3
Tlme—:3sH, 1:11. I:46ft, 2:20.
Betting: Auctions— Daymont $3, field $8. Books
— Daymont even, Lottie 3 to 5. Wlnella 3.
FIFTH RACE.
2:20 class, pacing, one mil? dash, purse $200
Rex Alto. b. g. by Alto Rex (J. Sullivan).. ' 1
"Butcher Boy, eh. g. by Secretary (D. Mlzner). 2
Dlctatus, eh. h. by Red Wilkes (W. Masten). 3
Bess H. Much Better and Cora S also started
and finished in that order.
Time— :33'4. 1:09%, 1:45. 2:17.
Betting: Auctions— Rex A!to and field even
Books— Rex Alto 7 to 10, Butt her Boy 5 to 2
Dictates 9 to 2, Bess H 10, Much Better 8^
Cora 8 5.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Flirt race, special for named horses, pacing
mile dash; puree $100— S. Ma hen' a Rex Alto"
Genres E. Shaw's Llndo, Charles E. Clark's
The Rover. E. P. Heald's Charles David.
Second race. 2:27 class, trotting, mile dash
purse 1200— J. M. Moorehead'e Anna Belle F
J. Vetter'a Lou, Rose Dale Farm's. Diana
George E. Shaw's Wlnella, W. I-.. Speer's Ma
bel McKlnney.
Third race 2:23 class, special, trotting mile
flash: purse $100— C. E. Clark's Llsterine Georee
E. Shaw's Menlo Belle. D. E. Knight's Lynall
Walnut Grove Stock Farm's Sable Frances C
A. Owen's Nellie Bly.
Fourth race, 2:40 class, trotting, mile dash-
P\ir-e $200— D. E. Knight's Silver Queen E
Stewart's Admiral Dpwey. J. M. Nelson's Sa
lielle. P. A. Qulnn's Brlce McNeil James
Thompson's Dexter D, Rose Dale Farm's
Bertha R. J. S. Smith's Joe Selby. O. A Ken
yon's Ed Wilkei«. C. A. Winshlp'a Ed Winship
Walnut Grove Stock Farm's Sable Frances
Fifth race, 2:17 clas«>. pacing, heats, two In
three: purse $300— E. Schmidt's Fitz-Aymon A
H. Altken's Bess 11, Mrs. E. XV. Callendlne's
Dlawood, George Gray's William Harold. John
Baker's Ketchum, \V. S. Maben's William
Baker.
THF. CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm (tea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
INDUCING BOYS TO STEAi.
Warrant Out for a Mission-Street
dunk-Dealer.
'Andrew J. Smile. 107 Valencia street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" Marks, a junk dealer on Mission
street, between Twelfth and Thirteenth,
on the charge of receiving stolen goods.
According to tha complaining, witness
several articles were stolen by boys from
hip place and they were found in Marks"
store. He also alleged that Marks in
duced small boys to steal, telling them !
that they could easily make from % to to
fi W f C ?L C * & "umber of boys had told him
that they had stolen things from old cars
on th« railroad and sold them to Marks.
Larceny on the High Seas.
Rlcardo Marln, a sailor on the steamer
City of Panama, appeared in Judge Low's
court yesterday, charged with grand lar
ceny. ,He is acetified of stealing from r>
P. Hiekok. 202 drove street, purser o™the
steamer, a gold watch and chain during i
the voyage, to. this port and bringing "ho
com inu a r d. ICIeSt OS tO th ! CUy ; The <&« TO?
—■ ♦ ■
If the lead in your pencil Is poor try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
FOOTE AND HIRSCH WERE GOOD FISHERMEN
They Returned With Large Strings, but the Man That Caught
Them Was Not Paid.
This is not an ordinary fish 6tory.
On the contrary, it is true. It con
cerns W. W. Foote and Charley
Hirsch, and each of the gentH-men
will gladly vouch for the correctness
of It. They were recently at Santa
Cruz, and having fed the fishes all the
way down, thought It Uiit just to get
even. Each hired a boatman and
went forth to denude the sea of its
scaly denizens. They insisted on hav
ing large boats, so as to be able to
bring in all their prey.
Success was notable. Hirsch got
back first. He was burdened and fes
tooned with fish. He had fish to burn.
Knowing himself to be the cynosure
of all eyes he beamed with pride. He
posed for a picture, and in the glory
of his finny decoration was caught by
the camera. "Oh, it's nothing." ho
said modestly. "Some people can
catch fish and some can't. I'm one
who can, that's all." Observers were
as much charmed by his lack of os
tentation as by his impressive string.
But his splendor faded when Foote
came marching home under the weight
of a salmon of whale-like proportions.
Foote told how he had struggled with
the monster, and had finally dragged
him near enough to gaff. Hirsch felt
measly, and tried to get the negative
of his own photograph and break it.
Before long a stranger arrived.
There was a business-like look In his
eye, and he smelled of the .market
IRISH SOIL WILL
SOON BE HERE
COMING FROM PHILADELPHIA
ON A SPECIAL TRAIN.
Its Arrival Will Be Signalized by a
Grand Parade of Celtic
Organizations.
The soil from Erin which Is destined to
form a part of the exhibit in the Irish
Fair at Mechanics' Pavilion will arrive on
a special train within a very few days and
will receive a fitting reception. C. D. Tay
lor, agent in this citj- of the American line
of steamships, received a telegram to-day
which reads as follows:
PHILADELPHIA, July 5, 1898.
The consignment of Irish soil, carefully
packed in casks, arrived in this city Sunday
night by tlu- sleumer Waesland of the Ameri
can Line, and was duly passed through the
custom house. After Inspection by a committee
of members of the Celtic organizations, who
volunteered their s> ■■■ ■ : 1 that purpose, the
toil was started on its long trip overland in a
Bpecial cur of the Pennsylvania Hallway to Its
destination in San Francisco, where you will
please turn It over to the management of the
Irish fair.
Philadelphia Agents, American Line.
Mr. Taylor at once communicated this
j message to President Jeremiah Deasy of
j the Celtic Union and Manager L. W.
Buckley of the Irish Fair, at the head
quarters in the Phelan building, and they
will immediately make arangements for
its proper reception here. The Waeslana
took the sod on at (jueenstown, instead of
having it sent, as most freight and ship
ments of Ireland go, via Liverpool, so
that the soil came direct from Erin to
an American port without stopping at
any alien place. It lias been carefully
gathered from the different counties of
Ireland, under the supervision of the
agents of the American line, and the offi
cers of the National Federation of Ire
land. It is the first shipment of this
kind that has ever crossed the continent,
and when it arrives it will have traveled
at least COX) or 7'jOu miles. Each barrel
is sealed and will have the custom hous«
receipts to attest to its authenticity, and
will have the certificate of the examining
committee in Philadelphia, and of the
steamship agents. It will be placed in
the annex until ready to be placed on the
floor at the west end of the balcony 01
the Mechanics' Pavilion to make up the
big 60 by 100 foot map of Ireland.
Nearly 100 ladies met last night in the
parlors of the Russ House at the call of
Mrs. C. B. Flanagan, chairman of the
Ladies' ExfLcutlve Committee, to arrange
for boothnpnd hear reports. Mrs. E. But
ters was uimuimously elected president of
the Ladies' General Advisory Board, Miss
Josephine Malloy first vice president, Mm.
Robert Ferral second vico president, and
Miss Kathleen Leahey third vice presi
dent.
Mrs. Judge D. J. Murphy offered to
take charge of Ihe Gypsy encampment
bootht Mrs. Gilleranof the lace booth. Miss
Annie Donohueof the Rocky Road to Dub
lin booth, and Mrs. Honn of the photo
graph booth. Mrs. D. Curran, Miss Cor
el" lia Burns. Miss M. Loney and Miss
Gaffney volntrored to serve in booths.
Bin. Frost reported that the committee
had been presented with a blackthorn
stick used by Charles Stewart Parnell.
•»» < ;
WANTED IN OREGON.
J. E. Pomplin, a Soldier, Arrested for
Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
J. E. Pomplin, a soldier from Utah, was
arrested at Camp Merrltt yesterday by
Detective Graham and Deputy Sheriff
Blize of Union, Or., and taken to the City
Prison, where he was booked for obtain
\? g " I «S u \ ey , b >' fiUs<l Pretenses. The deputy
Sheriff had with him the warrant of the
Governor of Oregon for Pnmplln's arrest
Pomplin says that prior to the breaking
out ot the war he was agent for a build
ing and loan company of" Salt Lake, and
while in T nlon. Or., he tried to sell the
property of a defunct irrigating company
to a capitalist in Utah for $50,000 Two
men joined him in the scheme and ad
vanced him money for preliminary ex
pennes. The scheme fell through arid now
the two men have had him arrested He I
will be taken to Oregon this morning,
Both Hands Crushed.
Frnnz Sehwertner, who is employed In I
the Louvre. Eddy and Powell streets, had !
both hands caught in the elevator from
the cellar yesterday afternoon and crush
ed. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. He will not lose the use of his
hands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
place. "See here, Poota," he said, "I
wanta pay for da salmon. I no runna
raka gruft schema."
Foote blushed and put a finger to his
lips. "Hist," ho replied. "Yon are
off your base. I paid for that sal
mon."
The market man, disregarding the
effort at secrecy, convinced the lawyer
that the wrong man had been paid,
which was even so. A conscienceless
subordinate had played the lawyer low
down. Demurrers wore introduced,
and overruled. The salmon had to be
paid for again.
"Well," whispered Foote, looking
about cautiously, "how much?"
"Ten cents a pound."
"Ton cents nothing!" exclaimed
Foote. "You charged Hirsch 7 cents
for his flsh. I'm a city Jay, but I
want a square deal."
So the cat was out of the bag, the
trophies of the briny main out of the
monger's stall.
Later. Foote, concealment like a
worm having gnawed him seriously,
made a clean breast of It. He con
fessed that he had bought the. ual
mon, that he had bribed a menial to
gaff its cold and lifeless form so as to
make the bluff good. Nay, more. The
scales of the salmon having been dis
arranged during its struggles in the
net, Foote had had them dressed down
with a sponge, the intent being to de
SUBSCRIPTION AGENTS
TO CANVASS THE CITY
MORE MONEY NEEDED BY THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY.
Interesting Notes of Workers
Throughout the State — Help
Needed at 10 Post Street.
The subscription committee announces that
it will again solicit subscription* for the Red
Cn>ss. Several well-known business men have
volunteered their services and will canvass the
district east of Montgomery and Second streets.
The ladies of the committee will visit other
part* of the city. They will be provided with
such credentials that no one can question their
authority. The public 1b requested to examine
them and to give no money without being sat
isfied as to the genuineness of such creden
tials.
The Red Cross Society desires to thanK the
following persona for their assistance In the
arrangements for the open meeting held last
Thursday evening: To Charles Patton and the
Golden Gate (.'uminnndery for the use of Golden
Gate Hall; to the Park i*. .mmissli.ners for pot
t-1 plants; to Mrs. Marriner Campbell and
the chorus of ladles and gentlemen who gave
the concert music; to Mr. Kay, who did the
decorating and furnished flags for the occa
sion, and to T. Reichert, who is In charge of
the hall anil who rendered valuable assistance
in the management of the many minor details
necessary to the success of the occasion.
The executive committee of the Red Crass
Society held a meeting yesterday morning and
discussed the hospital ship project. It waa de
ctded to ask every bank and every newspaper
west of the Rocky Mountains to receive sub
scriptions for the hospital ship enterprise.
Another meeting to decide on a definite pro
gramme is called for to-day.
For the first time In the history of the supply
depot idle sewing machines were seen yester
day morning while work was in plenty. The
exodus to the country ha« been so great In the
last few du.vs that an opportunity is offered
for new workers to fill the ranks.
In view of the disagreeable statements some
times heard In regard to the unfriendly atti
tude of France toward the United States,
which ha\ •■ t.i-.-n proved for the most part un
true, it Is pleasant to note the action of the
Paris Red Cross Society at its recent meet
ing. M. I^eon de Gosselln, Secretary General,
announced that the subscription to the Red
Cross societies of Spain and America from th*.
Trench society was already over 100.000 francs.
A communication was received by the
State society yesterday from Cheyenne to
the following effect; "Enclosed please
find draft for $20. from the Young Ladies'
Alger Aid Society of Cheyenne, Wyo., as
a token of respect for your kindnes* to
the Wyoming battalion, and also for Bat
tery A, Wyoming Artillery. Yours re
spectfully, (signed) Mary " Helphemton,
Florence Bradley, and Ora Cowlick."
At the studio of Misses Lilian O'Hara
and Grace G. Livermore, 324 Sutler street,
a patriotic sofa pillow is for sale. The pro
ceeds realized will be presented to the Red
Cross Society.
The retail liquor dealers' committee re
ports that Frank Garcia and William Bo
gen have- assisted them in every way in
their work in aid of the Red Cross Socie
ty and they promise to continue assist
ing in future in every way possible.
Old linen, soap, towels, closed fans, thin
nightshirts, pajamas and socks are need
ed at lfi Post street.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst and Mrs. Fanny
Lent are now members of the executive
committee of the Red Cross Society of
San Francisco.
The Dixon Red Cross Society, which
was organized a little less than a month
ago. ranks among the first of those aux
illurk-s that have aided so materially in
the noble work of the organization. Fol
lowing aro the officers: President, Miss
Carrie Apperson; first vie -president, Mrs
Janus Millar; second vice-president Mrs
George Stelnmiller; secretary, Miss Emma
Apperson; treasurer. Miss "Willda Mad
den; executive committee— Mrs. A to
Petty. Mrs. J. Worth, Mrs. J. N Gar
nett. Miss Tillie Petersen, Mrs. A. Kirby
Mrs. L. Gottheimer, Mrs. D. Smith Mrs'
C. i . Donohoe, Miss Hattie Bloom.' Mrs
C. Newman. Miss Cora Miller and Miss
Mary Brown.
Woodbridge Canal.
"United States Commissioner Heaeoek
yesterday morning, in accordance with
instructions received from United States
Circuit Judge Morrow, offered the Wood
bridge Canal and Irrigation Company's
property for sale in his court room and
received a conditional bid of $35,000 from
the Receiver. The bid -was afterward
withdrawn. Then E. F. Card bid J2500
At the request o f interested parties the
court adjourned until 11 o* clock this morn-
Ing, with the understanding that another
adjournment would be had until Frldav
morning. J
Will of Mrs. Kerrigan.
The will of Mrs. Mary Kerrigan, who
died July 4, leaving an estate valued at
celve. Having made these revelations
Foote returned to the whirl of busi
ness and called an Oakland Council
man a liar. He did not mean it. ITIb
family motto is "Death Before Dis
honor," and he was trying to commit
suicide.-
The fact leaked out that the pair of
plotters had each been a party to the
dark schemes of the other. Foote had
said to Hirsch, who had an envious
eye on certain large flsh exposed for
sale: "Don't you see you haven't a
hook big enough to land them? You
would give yourself away." So Hirsch
compromised on a lot of fish of medi
um weight and Foote relied upon the
gaffing.
But Hirsch got a stroke of con
science, too. He portrayed the shame
less manner In which Foote had tried
to secure even a bigger iish than he
got, and had only been restrained
by the fact that the fish had
already been cleaned. "You know,
Mr. Foote," the stallkeeper had said,
mildly. "that the salmon when
yanked from the bosom of the deep
had insides." Foote considered the
point well taken and got another
fish.
Rumor has it that the exposure cost
the guilty parties dearly, but the con
firming of thiß would require investi
gation, and, anyhow, it is no proper
part of a flsh story.
f£«ut $6000. waa filed yesterday. It pro
vides that a bank deposit of $5000 shall go
to her niece. Jennie Colligan. The bal
f-H?f,rfi Oe ™° t w e ? aslor of All "allows'
Catholic Church of South San Francisco
for his personal use. Elizabeth Regan, a
niece, is expressly disinherited.
A BRUTAL PARENT.
D. C. Vanier, a Cruel Child-Beater,
Threatens to Horsewhip One
of His Girls.
D. C. Vanler. who has just served a six
months' term in the County Jail for bru
tally beating his children, Is likely to get
himself into trouble again.
While serving his sentence his wife
procured a divorce from him and is now
living on Broadway, between Polk street
and Van Ness avenue. The eldest girl
is employed by a family on Octavia street
and Tuesday night her brother called
there and told her that her mother was
sick and wanted to see her. As soon as
they left the house they met Vanier, who
told the girl to coax her mother to re
marry him. She refused and Vanier
threatened to horsewhip her. The girl's
mother was not sick and Vanier had won
over the boy to tell his sister a falsehood
to get her out of the house.
The girl reported the matter at police
headquarters yesterday, and Officer Mo-
Murray of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children was Instructed to
keep a sharp lookout for Vanier, as it is
believed that he will attempt to carry out
his threat against tho girl
The case of cruelty for which Vanier
was sentenced was on» of the worst ever
heard In a Police Court. He beat one of
his boys most unmercifully.
VALLEY ROAD TUNNELS.
The Work Is Steadily Progressing
Along the Line.
The tunneling on the Valley Railroad Is
steadily progressing. The big tunnel in
Contra Costa County is well open on
both the west and east ends, and every
day some twelve or fourteen feet of earth
are excavated. A heading has been made'
Ol J,< t f le V,? r i h end of the Pinole tunnel,
which will be about 1100 feet long. Buck
man & Kelso have secured the contract
for the entire tunnel. The tunneling on
the south end has not yet begun. Work
will soon be commenced on the tunnels
at tne east and the west side of the Al
hambra Valley.
His Room Bobbed.
Frank Marc k. a roomer in the lodging
house 717 Stockton street, obtained a
search warrant in Judije l^ow's court yes
terday to recover $114 in coin, a gold
at ,°£' h » aJn ttl » d >ocket and pocket knife
that had been stolen from his room Tues
day night. He said he had reason to be
lieve that the thief was In the house
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JTrfi" ir i i^7i^r^??ir*fn'iii'--7-ii- -m i — flnnmniuinni i mum' 4 jj
•I, '.■ -. .'•■.. ' '■• ' "'l*
;■«'"' I W :/ "9 Iv "l^ ■ - ; '" I" ■ ■' '■ ■■ ■ »
: I ■'; FREE! • Jh
|1 • A large photograph of the i j
I Volunteers departing for Manila, I
I size 11x12, valued at one dollar, • J
I given away with every purchase |
f one dollar and over. Be sure I
j and ask for same. S. N. WOOD i
! , & CO., 718 Market st. J ' . I
HE HAS A
LONG MEMORY
Engineer Curtis Under
Cross- Examination.
HAS HAD RESPONSIBILITIES
FITZGERALD'S SEARCHING IN
QUIRY.
Some Land That Has Been Purchased
by the Southern Pacific
During the Past
Year.
Engineer Curtis of the Southern Pa
::lnc Company occupied the witness stand
In Commissioner Heaeock's courtroom
yesterday afternoon and underwent a
further cross-examination at the hands
of Attorney General Fitzgerald. Al
though a great deal of ground was cov
ered during the session the examination
bids fair to last the remainder of the
week. The Attorney General has evi
dently made an exhaustive examination
Into the witnesses' direct testimony and
taken copious notes, from which he gath
ers material for further interrogations.
The threads of Tuesday's testlmony
were taken up at the opening of the day's
proceedings. The witness was asked
whether he was consufted about the con
struction of the bridges anu buildings on
the Arizona, New Mexico and Copper
opolls roads, to which he replied that he
had as assistant superintendent been
head of the division and in charge at the
timo of the construction. "When I went
to Arizona," said Mr. Curtis, "more than
half of the Southern Pacific was built."
"Is the bridge crossing the Colorado
River a part of the Southern Pacific of
California?" asked Mr. Fitzgerald.
"1 am not sure of that," answered
Curtis.
"Were you consulted In any way about
ihe construction of that bridge?"
"Not the bridge tnat was constructed,
but I was down there. Andrew K. Ste
vens was the superintendent at that time.
[ was consulted as to many other mat
ters."
"To what extent?" asked the Attorney
Genera!.
The witness then outlined the history
>f his labor on the road mentioned, stat
ing that he was constantly consulted, he
being the highest representative of the
Southern Pacific down there.
"What proportion of your time did
your duties occupy while you were di
vision superintendent of those two
roadB?"
"All my time: sometimes day and night.
I don't think I took my clothes off ex
cept to change one suit for another for a
month at a time."
"Was there not, at the time you speak,
a great many rows and a deal of jealousy
between the heads of departments?"
"I don't remember, but If there was any
and I participated I think I came out oh
top."
The Attorney General responded by
iaylng he didn't doubt It.
The witness was then examined on a
new tack. He was asked when he was
made general superintendent of the Cen
tral Pacific and Its leased lines, to which
he answered in 1881. He said he had
charge of the maintenance of construc
tion, supplies and property In general ap
purtenant to the track.
A lengthy examination was then gone
into about purchasing ties and about the
duties he performed as such official. He
was Interrogated as to the changes made
In the Soledad Canyon and he stated that
three were made owing to floods.
"When the first change was made," he
said, "I was superintendent of tracks,
and I think when the third change was
made I was engineer of maintenance of
way. As to the work. I think It was done
by the Southern Pacific and not by the
P. I. Company."
Judge Fitzgerald suggested that the
witness refresh hiß memory, as he
thought it was done by the Improvement
company.
"What rights of way have been pur
chased by the company during the past
year?" he was asked.
"A considerable piece of land wad nur
chased at Santa Clara, about a mljfc or
three-quarters in length, and $1000 e.n
acre was paid for it. An acre of land was
also purchased in Oakland, for which
about $30,000 was paid, and we bought a
I>i»oe of land for the extension of our
yards in San Jose, for which I think we
paid $1000 an acre."
The witness told of a few other acqui
sitions and then branched on to the sub
ject of tunnels. Ho .Admitted having su
perintended and constructed tunnels 14
and 15 on the Central Pacific line in the
eastern part of California.
"The men who did the actual excava
tion,' he said, "were under Mr. Stro
bridge. I directed the workmen where to
place the timbers and had general super
vision."
"What did Strobridge do?" was nsked.
"The only thing I ever saw him do."
answered the witness, "was to come
around and scold the foreman because
they were not making better progress."
Further cross-examination will be made
at 2 o'clock to-day.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Mrs. C. J. Joseph, Divorced Wife of a
Policeman, Is Tired of Life.
The divorced wife of Policeman C. J.
Joseph attempted to commit suicide at
her residence, 118 Sheridan street, yester
day afternoon by swallowing a dose of
carbolic acid.
Mrs. Joseph, with her two young chil
dren, has been living with her fnther and
brother since the divorce. Yesterday aft
ernoon the neighbors notified Policeman
H. O'Day that she had taken poison, and
he at once summoned the ambulance and
she was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
The usual antidotes were administered
and it is expected that she will recover.
She said she had taken the poison In a
fit of despondency. Everything had been
going against her. Joseph had married
again, and since his marriage had not
been paying her alimony and she had
spent all' her money trying to compel him
to do so. Besides, she had other troubles
and thought it better to end them all.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
oooooobooooooo oo oooboooooooo 00000 bo
o o
© — O
ITo the Army and Navy §
I AND ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I
o o
*» 1 AN EXTRACT.— "The first night I had slept a little from- sheer exhaustion. This ~*
© "next was terrible. I vomited Incessantly; I was chilled to the bone, and could not ©
O "warm myself. I suffered horrible pains in the head and throughout my whole body. ©
Q "Next day, of course, I was a wreck. They told me I had been delirious half the O
q "night. I remember nothing of the day; but next night I got a couple of hours* sleep, Q
q "and was rather better In consequence. But vomiting went on steadily, and the Q
"fourth night I was again delirious. The next day I was as bad as ever; but, thanks q
W "to a good dose of Beecham's Pills, I had an excellent night, and I truly believe that £?
O "they saved my life. I knew well where I picked up this fever-In the marshes of °
W '•MweMo and near Kituta-and the killing thing was bein<- finable to stop to cure it; 9
O "the ten days on the lake especially, often without food for twenty-four hours, nearly
q "finished me. I felt certain at the time that I was done for. and I very nearly was." ©
° °
© FROM" 'THREE YEARS IC{ SAVAGE AFRICA," by LIONEL DECLE q
O (Methuen & Co.). Mr. Lionel Dech covered a distance of over 7000 miles at q
O one stretch, between Cape Town on the South and Mombassa on the East Coast O
° of Afrioa. It is worth noting that this " unique journey " would probably have been O
cut short, and to quote the introduction by Mr. H. M. STANLEY, M. P., " its ©
0 vivid record " would never have been penned had not Mr. Lionel Decle provided ®
rt himself with a supply of Beeoham's Pills. Z.
." : v .' ■ U : h-v^-vT ' ©
© O
o Every soldier and marine ordered for Cuba or o
o the Philippines should include Beecham's Pills in °,
o his outfit. No stronger testimony to the value of o
° these pills in a tropical fever-breeding climate §
O could possibly be given than that of Mr. Decle £
0 above quoted. o
o Beecham's Pills do wonderful service in all bil- %
0 ious and Nervous Disorders, such as Weak °
o Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Torpid Liver, Sick %
q Headache, etc. 9
o — : o
O Beecham's Pills are painless and effectual. They are daintily made and covered «
O with a tasteless, soluble coating. "Worth a guinea a box."— Price only IS cents. For ~
q sale by all druggists, or mailed on receipt of 25 cents in stamps by B. F Allen Co ®
365 Canal street. New York. " Q
O O
ooooo ooooo oo ooooo oooooooooog
Nobody
wants money back; that's
why we make such a show
of the grocer's always having
Schilling's Best baking
powder is best and goes a
third further. 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOG
o w PALACE '-"I
%GRAND hotels c
o SAN FfiA/VCfSCO. £
** Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. $
O All Under One Management. C
O NOTE THE PRICES: C
A European Plan. Sl .oo per day and upward -,
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Q
Q ' Correspondence Solicited. . q
q 'OSN 0. ATSICK, Kaatger. q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
X. HESS,
. NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Koom 1016, Claua Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California street. b«lo«
Powell. San Francisco. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUMmo Pwtb, PMt «l aurkat 9%,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
3: SO. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, '6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra' trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
5:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between Ear. Francisco and Schuetr.en Park
same schedule as above. ■ -
Leave .1 Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
■ June 29, •
Week I Sun- 1898. .- Sun- I Week
Days. I 'ays. Destination. [ rlayg.' j T>aya.
7:3u am .":uo am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm. 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
1 . ■ . .. . "Fulton, . I . .
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
! Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.' ] 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm [ 8:00 ami Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 . ~P . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm •■■
3:30 pm| I 6:22 pm
r.M) ami ti:00 am Sonoma 110:40 ami 8:40 am
and 1
6:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm] 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sevastopol. [10:40 am 10 am
3:30 pm| 6:06 pm) ) 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnxs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
•ervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, . Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, . Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Days, River-
side. Lierley's. Buckneirs, Sanhedrin Heights
Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all nolnt.
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronlr-1» hM*.
A. W. FOSTER R. X. RYAN.
Pre». and Gen. , Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAIL v Ay
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Emory Da, ' Pullman Palace Sleeplnii Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on trie Following Time
3>ave San Francisco.'4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
(Arrive Denver... 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.SS.'mV
jArrlve Kanaao C1ty..7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.'
Arrive St. Loul« 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.t!w!
Arrive Chicago ..„.. 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE CQMFQRTAnLE
If You Travel on the Bante8 ante Fe.
m FRAMCISCO TICKET OFFICE— 6:3 MARK£T ST.
Chronicle Building. , Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Offlc*— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offloe— 23l J Street.
i\ Saa Joss Offica— 7 West Saata Olara flt.
HOUHT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
, o v la Sauaalllo Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 6:16 p. m.
r Bundays-8:00, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:80 p. m.
( July 4th. 1898, trains will run on Sunday time.
Round trip rrom Mill Valley. $L
THOS. : COOK ,. As, SON, Agents, 621 Market
■treet. 1 : San . Franelaco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
• UITIIIKN rACIFIC CO9IPANX.
(I'ACiriO SVMTKM.)
I *>•!■• l«ri»T€» null nre ilu« lo nrrlT* m* '
- : ,•- ' NAN i'itA>'ClM:«.
I (Main Line. Foot of Market street.) <
lcav* — From Junk 1. 1833. — a«btt»
'0:0©a Nile*. Sao Jose and Stations... "8:45*.
7:00 4 Kcnlcia, Suisun »nd Sacmruento. ... 1 0:43 a
?:OOa Marysville. OroTille and KcdJiug »la
WooUlaud 5:43p
7:0Oa VaoiTille and Ramsey 8i I3p
7:UO a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Uosa 8:13r
»:OOa Atlantic Kerens. Og.le.u and Kant.. - B:*3*
»i:iua Nil's, San .lime, .Stockton, lime,
Sncranirnu>, Muryiiville, Chico,
Tehaniaaudllwlltliiir. «il»r
•N:SOa Peters, Miltun. Oakdale «7tlsp
81UOA New Orleans Kxprcw. Merced. Fres-
no, ISakerslirM, Santu llurnara.
]...i AiiKt-1.-i, DeraliiK, El Paso.
Now Orleans and F.aat 6i43r
10:00 a Vall.jo. Martinez and Way Station! 7:43 p
*l:?Or Sacramento Klver Steaiwrj M»:00p
• ... Han J-jee, Niloß and Way Stations... i»:I3A
««OOr Liver. ii^r.-. Merdota, llanlord and
Visalia... 4»10r
....... lJTu»rnore, Sen Jose, Kilos and Way .
Stations JIO: IS <
Fresno, Yosemits, Merced, Martinet 12:13*
4<OOr Martinez, Him lUmon, Vnllej.i.
N»l'i, (.'aliatogft, Xl Verano and
Hantu Knga . »|ls*.
4i«Op Benlcia. VacavUle, Woo.Uand.
Knights Landing. MsorsTlUe, «)ro-
Tillo and Sacrauieiitn 10:43*
4tSop Kites, San Jose, Truer and Stockton .. 7il»r
4:3 Up Stookton, Lodl, Oakdale (Jame*-
;;,^ town for Yoßeinit^), Merced lSllßv
4i»op Latlirop, Mudeato. Merce<i. Berenda
(iiiiynidiid for Ycwenilte), hreano, %
Mojave. .Santa iiurbara and litm "^
• A>ig»lca. 7i4Ha
4iBop Santa V- ]:<mte, Atlautio Kspraas * .-
for iMojato and Kaat 6:43p
OtOOr Knropeau Mail. Ocileii and Kail.... 0:4-"» a
•OiOOr Vallejo I*:l3p
«:0()i- 11-,yuHK<«. Nll.-siina Ban .lone 7:43* ■
:~.-00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sift.
tions t»^»»
StOOp Oregon Rxpnaa, HaoramAuia, Marys-
»ille. JU-iMlnit. l',,rtliii..l, I'ngel
> Kumi.l Kant B<ia\
KAN LKAMMCO AMI lIAVWAiIKS LOUkU
'■ ■■ - (Foot of .Market Street.)
1 Melrosr. Ncmiiiftry t'ark, ( 7xl3*
JJ:OOa Kllclilmrc Klnihnrst, I»»«4JIa ,
lo'SoJ San S*»«.lro,SoulliSam «•»««*
IllloSt I.«ndro,^tu,n..o, » !|*
I :I3:o»m ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • ll:4»r
t:i:(»op ' «nil }Si4.lp
s:Uttp llH)Trarilii. !Si4sr
7:00p i Runs through to Nile*. «43p
. ) t From Nlleg. \_ ,
~ COAST DIVISION (Marrow Onnge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:4Sa Santa Cm Excursion, Santa Crux ■
and Principal Way Stations....... !Sx»3»
SilSa Newark, C'entertiHe, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations 3130*
•••I Newark, Conterrllle, San Jo»» STew
Almaden, l'elton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlndval Way
Stations M »:30
4:1.1p San Jose, Glenwod & Way Station! 9:20*.
o4: 1 Boulder Creek and Santa Crna jUi2»U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlM fiII SCJSCU— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip I)—
•7:16 0:00 11:0(I».m. Jl:00 *3:00 $3:00
•4:00 tB:OO '6:00r.M.
froraOmiHD— Foot «fßr»«dwty.— "6:oo 8.-00 10:00*.«.
t:S:OO '1-.00 t8:03 »3:C3 11:50 *B:C3r.«.
COASi VISION (Hroail Uaage).
\Tliird and Townsend Sti>.)
•7:00 a Han Jose and Way KUtloim (New *
Alinaiifii Wednesdays 0n1y)....... I«80f
17:S0a Sunday Excursion for San Josjl
. - - Santa . Cruz. Pacific Grore and ■
Principal Way Station*. J»: sa»
••••» Sail .logo, ; Ties rinoa, Ranta Crur,
-i : ' TAcKic Bum. Paso Ktibles, Baa
Loll Olilspn, Gnadaiupe, Surf and
Principal Way KUtloiis 4il«p
l*l4O* Bau June nd Way .Stations »8:OO4
lIiSOa San Jose and Way Stations '8188*
*Si4Si-San Mate.., ltedwood. Uenlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .I.mo.
Gilrny. UoUister. Hitnta Crni.
Halinas, Monterey and Pacitle
Grore # IOi8«»
•t:8«p Ban Jose and Way Stations '»:««*
*4>l3i> San Jose ami Principal W»y Stations »:48a
*StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6::13 a
SiSOp San -lose ami Principal Way Station* . 61 BO*
«i:i«r Son Jose and Way Stations v 7jSof
! t»l:4sp Ban Jose and Way Stations tt.iOl'
A for Morning. P or A f tern .
' Sundays exerpted. { Sundays only, i Saturdays tyjlf
! I Bund»#B and Monday» a Saturdays and Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. &!». naina win run as zollows:
SIAN FRANCiSCO AND North-bound.
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
June I. 1M». iiaihs win run as lollows:
l-bound. North-bound.
Passeh- Mixed, Mixed, Passen-
■ ger, Sunday i Sta- • Sunday . ger.
Daily. JKxc'pted tlons. ' Exc'pted Dally,
7:20 am! 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pmi 5:40 pm-
' 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10-40 aru 3:50 l> m Fresno . 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11-85 am 6:45 P m Hanforrl | 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
0-45 p m 11:50 P m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm| 7:50 p m Vlsalia | C:4O a m|i2:sS p m
Stopping I at . Intermediate points as required
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California - Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and
I from Snellings, Coulterville, Yosemite, etc •
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlpoda etc*
at I/anltershim with stage to and from Maderm.'
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. •
From San PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
n San Frmnetacu, oommraetaz May 1 i>;<u
WEEK days. - ..*««.
For Mill -Valley and San Rafael— 7:00, •8-on
•9:30,11:00 a. m.; '1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, •^ou'
6:30 p. m.. \ ... •""•
' Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:39
p. I m. • -"■!.-- _ . ■
SUNDAYS. I
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo •9-on
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a, m. ; 1:00. '1:45, »2-3o' •4^«"
5:30.6:45 p.m. ' ou> f - "**
11:00 a. m. does not run to San P.afael
5:30 p. m. ! does not run to Mill Valley
Trains marked • run to San " Quentln."
..- .: . - THROUGH TRAINS -
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way a tvn«"
s:ls^ay 8 ra e tlon S dayS «-)-Tomale, an^ :
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTTTRq tm«
.treat Mexican remedy? e ivS flfSib aid
itrenßtb to the »cxual or*mn». ueai *n »•BURNS SAYS
THAT IT WAS
SPITE WORK
Declares That He Has Only
Followed an Old Board
Precedent.
Drucker Asserts That He Was Woefully
Misled by His Friend— Barrington Will
Talk Later.
The expose of tho methods that have
obtained in the conduct of the business
of the buildings and grounds committee
of tin- Board of Education, growing out
of the charges filed against Chairman
Burns of that vommittee by Director
Gallagher, h"s resulted in a great deal
of speculation as to the cause thereof. It
wus generally believed that very har
monious relation* existed between the ac
itor and his fellow committee
man, Drucker, and this was correct; but
it was not known that the latter gentle
-ince he has been a member of that
body has devoted no attention to the
work of the committee, save to sign
whatever bills were presented to him by
Burns without question. The result has
been that Mr. Drucker rinds himself in
a vi ry embarrassing position, and he is
not through bemoaning the fact that he
placed so much "confidence" in the re
liability and "good faith" of his colleague.
The awkwardness of his situation may
be better understood by the statement
of the fact tliat In the past fiscal year
Mr. Burns, in his quaint and quiet way,
has expended over $100,000 without, as Mr.
Drucker declares, consulting him or ob
taining Banction therefor. If Mr. Burns
saw a place wiiere some money could be
. whether it amounted to a few hun
or thousand dollars, he forthwith
and Mr. Drucker, on the state
ol the chairman that it was "all
automatically signed the vouch
■l went about the professional pur
; ■ ctlve molar*.
Director Drucker, however, feels very
grateful to Chairman Gallagher of the
linance committee for "discovering" the
committee facts for him, although they
had been passing under his view for
eighteen months. Director Gallagher had
served on the building committee previ
ously and knew what was going on. Hav
ing a deficit In view and knowing that
something would "drop" when the time
came to pay the bills he concluded to
expose what lv terms the "gross mis
munaerement and illegal acts" of Chair
man Burns, which he proceeded to do.
Director Burns, during the trying two
hours' session, in which several of his fel
low-directors were jumping on his meth
ods and shattering his handmade plans
to improve the buildings and grounds or
the School Department, was literally
speechless and offered no comment on the
proceedings or answers to questions. He
was either too angry to talk or had noth
ing to say, but he found his speech yes
terday and very emphatically declared
that the whole business was firstly,
"tommy rot," and secondly, was an ag
gravating piece of "spite work," the
wherefore of which he declined to state.
He places his honesty and reputation
against that of his accusers and feels that
an effort is being made to manufacture
a scapegoat out of him. Furthermore, he
considers the source of these allegations
and says they do not amount to anything
for the reason that he has "done nothing
wrong and has only, followed a precedent
that has existed for twenty: years.'' He
had nothing to say in reply to Drucker's
sudflen bolt and had not made up his
mind whether he will resign or go on
about his business as heretofore.
"This whole matter is of no particular
moment to me." said Director Burns last
evening, "except that it is very disagree
able to have your supposed friends fly in
your face and try and cover you with
mud. It is only a piece of spite work,
and some day the inside of this business
may be made public. No. I will not say
whin the attack is due to. and these gen
tlemen may go on and make this state
ment cr that. I don't care what, but they
know that they are not giving the true
causes for their actions for the reason |
that what I have done as chairman of
the buildings and grounds committee has
been simply to follow a precedent that
has ruled In the board for twenty years.
I have committed no dishonest act and
my work will bear the closest investiga
tion, for I have had it done cheaply and
well. Will I resign as a result of this x
plosion? Well, I have not made up my
mind as to that. If these charges were
true it would be my duty to do so, but
knowing that it is only for spite and an
effort to job me I may conclude that the
best thing I can do is to stay with the
game. Drucker's allegations can go for
what they are worth, and that Is not
much. So far as committee meetings are
concerned, there have been none held
since the beginning of the year, for there
was nothing to be done. That is all I
have to say."
Director Drucker had regained some of
his composure yesterday, but still had
a large portion of dlsesteem for his erst- !
while friend, Mr. Burns, and had no hesi- !
tation in stating it.
• i was absolutely astounded when these
matters were brought to my attention by
Director Gallagher." said Mr. Drucker,
when afforded an opportunity to explain
his present posltkJn.-'.."You see, I never
attended the meetings of the committee,
and there was none held until last Sat- :
urday night after Mr. Gallagher filed his
charges. In fact, there have been no
meetings held. If there were, I was
never notified to attend, and knew noth
ing about them. Mr. Burns has done the
whole work himself. Of course, you ,
know that the chairman of a committee !
attends to everything. Mr. Burns and I
have been close chums for the past two
years, and knowing him as I did, I |
placed the utmost confidence in him, be- ,
ing assured that he would not abuse this
confidence; but I find that I have been ,
grossly deceived and placed in a very
embarrassing position by one of my best :
friends. It is unpleasant to say this of
Mr. Burns, but it is true, and I must pro
tect myself In a case like, this, where
my reputation for honesty is at stake.
Between Burns. Inspector O'Brien and
Secretary Welch, I was nicely misled.
When the vouchers, etc., were presented
to me to sign, by either of the parties
I was told that everything was proper ,
and correct, and supposing that the,mat
ters had had the sanction of the board, I .
always signed, not doubting for a mo- ;
ment the truth of Mr. Burns statements.
1 can't investigate these matters myself.
If I did I could not attend to my private {
business, although I do visit the schools
occasionally. It fairly took my breath
away when I realized that, after spend- \
ing probably $150,000 last year. Burns had
before the end of the first -week In the
new fiscal year ordered $20,000 worth of ;
work done, and had arrangements to ex
pend $130,000 more, without taking the
trouble to let me know anything about
It. The worst part of It is that a great
deal of the work proposed was actually
needless, while at the same time there Is
a vast deal . of repairs the making of
which is Imperative. I am thoroughly
disgusted and -will have nothing whatever
to do with, such methods. Mr. Burns must
stand by the record he has made for him
self, it is not mine."
Chairman Gallagher was very subdued
when discussing the situation yesterday,
and seemed Inclined to smooth some of
the rough places for the man he suc
£?wira iii depriving of his chairmanship
powers and perquisites.
lv . 1 wish it understood," said he, softly,
that 1 do not accuse Mr. Burns of dis
honesty, but I investigated his conduct of
H?«t & -Si nt l . he com mi»ee and found
SSiit in n% co , Ii y 7 . at a P ace that would
result The big deneineey at i he en d of the
year. The fact hat he hod made read
to spend $20,000 at once, the greater part
of which was entirely uncalled for, caused
me to adopt the course I did. I did not
propose to be responsible for such doings
arid now that I have succeeded In placing
the board in a position where the labors
of this particular committee will be
shared by the whole board I am Batisfied.
For If there is anything of the kind done
in the future I will be protected I don't
know whether Mr. Burns win • resign or
whether he will be asked to. I guess
things will go smoothly now."
President Barrington of the Board of
Education, who has had many a hot bat
tle with the majority in the board, is very
much interested in the present situation.
"1 can't conceive what has caused
Director Gallagher to make this sudden
change of attitude toward the members
of that committee, for as one of its form
er members and chairman of the finance
committee*, he knew what was going on all
the time. Neither do I understand why
Mr. Drucker should make the public
statement that he was ignorant of what
was going on. It does not seem possible
that he could be so. He and Mr. Burns
have been like two Dromios and were
together one or two days each week. Tho
natural inference is that they were not in
each other's company for. pleasure alone.
The assertion of Drucker that there has
been no meetings of the committee Is un
true, for I have attended them. The
committee for a long time has been Burns
and Drucker. as Director Carew has
persistently refused to have anything to
do with it or even to attach his name
to vouchers of any kind. What his rea
sons are for so doing I do not know. I
will not make any allegations outside the
board, but at the next regular meeting
I shall have some statements to make
officially, the facts of which I am verify
ing now."
There are many reasons advanced for
Drucker's sudden desertion of the com
bination of which he has for a year and
a half been a conspicuous member. By
his action of Tuesday night in throwing
all the blame for misdeeds upon his chum
Burns he- made it possible'for the minor
ity to disrupt the hitherto harmonious
nine and disgrace Burns. The best ex
planation comes from those who know
Mr. Drucker intimately, and it lies in the
assertion that he is "doing some politics"
for the promotion of his ambition to oc
cupy a higher official position in this city.
With reference to the status of the con
tractors who have done work or furnished
material on the oraer of Chairman Burns,
Director Gallagher stated yesterday that
as they were "innocent parties" their in
terests would be protected.
ACCUSED OF
COWARDICE
Burkes Brother Prefers
Grave Charges.
FORSAKEN BY HIS MEN
THE OFFICERS BROUGHT BEFORE
THE COMMISSIONERS.
Patrick Burke, brother of Lieutenant
Burke, who was shot and killed by Theo
dore Park Haynes, the eccentric tinker,
who has Bince been sentenced to life im
prisonment, is determined to "break" the
officers who accompanied the unfortunate
police official on his mission to death.
Last night he had them cited to appear
before the Police Commissioners to show
cause why they should not be dismissed
from the force for cowardice.
In the complaint Burke stated that
Marlowe, Wilkinson, Kennedy and Mer
chant, who were with the brave lieuten
ant at the time he was killed, allowed
his brother to be shot down without mak
ing the faintest attempt to protect him.
For the betterment of the police depart
ment he asked that the men be branded
as cowards and summarily dismissed
from the force.
The accused officers, accompanied by
their attorneys, appeared before the Com
missioners last night determined if pos
sible to save their stars. After the com
plaint was read Assistant District Attor
ney Dunn, who represented one of them,
asked for a continuance for two weeks on
the ground that he was not ready to pro
ceed.
"The charges against these men," he
said, "were preferred on June 29, but for
some reason I was not notified of the ac
tion of the dead lieutenant's brother un
til yesterday morning. On account of the
voluminous testimony which was taken in
the case 1 respectfully ask for a two
weeks' continuance."
Eugene Deuprey, who represents the
prosecution, announced that while he was
ready to proceed he had no objection to
a continuance, as he desired to give the
accused men a fair and impartial trial.
"All we want is a thorough investiga
tion," he remarked, "and if the defend
ants are as the complaint alleges, wo
ask that they be dismissed from the
force."
Commissioner Alvord announced that as
a rule be was opposed to long continu
. but as the testimony In the Su
perior Court would have to be considered,
he had no abjection to continuing the
cast for two weeks. He, however, re
marked that at that time the trial would
have to proceed, and he for one would
sit until It was finished, even if it re
quired his constant attention for five days
or more.
I am determined to sift this matter to
the bottom." he declared. "Both sides
want a thorough Investigation, and I in
tenfl to see that they get it."
Senator Wolf, who is also arrayed on
the side of the accused policemen, an
nounced that he was anxious for a con
tinuance. While doubting the power of
the Commissioners to compel the wit
nesses in the cam to appear before them,
he asked that they be duly summoned to
testily at the proper time.
Chief of Police Lees, who seems deter
mined to shield the erring officers re
marked that ne had subpenaed every wit
ness who knew anything about the case
Attorney Dunn apparently ignoring the
remark of the head of the Police De
partment, said that he had a number of
witnesses who did not testify at the pre
liminary examination in the Police Court
or at the trial in the Superior Court. They
had been duly summoned, he said and
would give evidence In favor of the ac
cused policemen.
On motion of Commissioner Alvord the
hearing of the case was continued for
two weeks. •
After the continuance was granted the
brother of the dead lieutenant announced
that he intended to do all in his power to
"break" the offending officers. "They
showed themselves to be cowards," he re
marked, "when they allowed my unfor
tunate brother to be shot down in cold
blood. They could have saved his life if
they were men, but they proved them
selves cowards and ought to be relegated
to obscurity. I have personally em
ployed Mr. Deuprey to prosecute them,
and hope that he will succeed in having
them removed from the force."
Patriotic Stationery.
"Liberty," "Columbia" and "Old Glory"
boxes, containing 24 envelopes and 24
Bheeta of paper, all printed with the
American flag, 25c to 60c per box. Pretty
tablets, 10c to 26c per pad. Envelopes to
match. Saiiborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
THE SA:N FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
THE STORY OF HIS TRAVELS,
H. T. Smith, Diplomat and Humorist, Who
Sails for Japan To-Dau.
Hubbard T. Smith, of the United States consular service, leaves the city
to-day on board the steamship Coptic for Kobe, Japan, where he will bo
stationed for a year or two as Vice and Deputy Consul.
Mr. Smith returned in September last from a three years' term of duty in
Paris and Constantinople. "Regarding Constantinople," he said last night,
"some writer has stated that the best way to see Constantinople is to sail
up the Bosphorus some morning at sunrise or In the evening at sunset and
then— sail away without landing. Had I done this my impressions of the
famed capital of the unspeakable Turk would have been different from what
they now are. From the Golden Horn and Bosphorus, under the conditions
named, Constantinople is a dream city. The lofty domes, and the tower
ing minarets rising out of groves of evergreen cypress, the shores on either
side lined with white marble palaces and over ail a sky of indescribable
blue shot with innumerable rosy tints— the scene is one of sublime beauty.
But the instant the steamer touches the filthy dock and the traveler sets
foot on Turkish soil the vision is dispelled a thousand and one disgusting
odors salute the nostrils emanating from heaps of rotting re.fuse piled
along the streets. Stumbling over the wretchedly paved thoroughfares —
pavements are almost an unknown Quantity— avoiding the groups of snarl
ing, lighting street dogs, jostled by the vendors of fruits, vegetables, meats
and sweets, the visitor finally reaches his hotel in a half dazed condition.
Fortunately once there he finds comfort and safety, for the European
hotels in Constantinople are llrst-class.
"My life in Turkey was during a most unpleasant but Interesting period.
The people of the United States will never be able to fully appreciate the
horrors of the massacre of Armenians, which took place in the streets of
Constantinople on the 26th and 27th of August, IS9G, when some six thous
ands of those wretched people were knocked in the head like so many cat
tle. The exact number of the victims sacrificed to Turkish hatred and
cruelty during that terrible period will never be known. In the official re
ports made to the Home Office by the British Embassy in Constantinople
the estimate was placed at five thousand men, women and children In the
city and suburbs alone. It Is needless to say that the European colony
lived in constant fear of a general uprising when all Christians would be
sacrificed Irrespective of nationality.
"Closely following the massacres came the war between Turkey and
Greece. Immediately after the commencement of hostilities all Greek sub
jects were ordered to leave Turkish territory within fifteen days and when
I tell you that some eighty thousand subjects of Greece reside in Con
stantinople alone you can imagine the commotion. Many left at once but
there were thousands who could not get away and their distress was piti
able. The British, French, German and American consulates were thronged
with people begging to be taken under the protection of the flag of some
friendly nation. France finally accepted the office of looking after Greek
interests in Turkey during the continuation of the war, but fortunately the
time allowed the unfortunates was extended again and again through the
influence of the respresentatives of other nations until the signing of the
armistice and much suffering was averted.
Had the Greek navy been allowed by the powers to take an active part
in the war the result might have been different. A prominent Greek official
told me that it was the intention of the admiral of the fleet to attempt the
passage through the Dardanelles in the hope of getting one or two of their
vessels into the harbor at Constantinople. Had one vessel alone succeeded
In passing unscathed through the strong fortifications at the Dardanelles
and reached Constantinople in safety the Greeks would have been In a posi
tion to dictate terms, for Ylldiz palace and the city would have been at the
mercy of the guns. Unfortunately for them the admiral of the combined
fleet of the powers threatened to sink the entire Greek fleet If a movement
was made toward Constantinople. As a consequence the Greeks had to de
pend on the little army of 55,000 men in the battles oh the Thessaly frontier
with some 200,000 Turkish soldiers. Small wonder then that the former
made such a poor showing. It was retreat or utter annihilation and they re
treated.
Mr. Smith Is the composer of that ancient but still remembered ditty
entitled "Listen to My Tale of Woe" and In response to a query as to wheth
er he had further inflicted the public in a musical way he said;
"The 'Tale of Woe' has been my most successful song. I have writ
ten several others however, that have become quite well known, among
them 'If you love me, darling, tell me with your eyes,' 'The Country Band';
•Swinging in the Grapevine Swing,' and 'The Song that breaks my heart '
Since returning to this country in September last I have written three new
songs, viz: 'The dear old Tombigbee,' which is on the style of the popu
ular ballad 'On the Banks of the Wabash,' an d two 'coon' songs, 'My
Little Mandy' and 'De Coaxin'est Man.' After I have been long enough
in Japan to become acquainted with Japanese music I hope to write some
novelties in a musical way."
RECEPTION TENDERED
COLONEL CARRINGTON
THE COSMOS CLUB HONORS HIS
PROMOTION.
A Night of Feasting and Song Where
Everybody "Was a Good
Fellow.
An informal dinner was tendered Lieu
tenant Colonel F. deL. Carrington, Major
Burgin and A. W. Foster by their friends
of the Cosmos Club at the clubhouse last
night. The affair, which was more par
ticularly in honor of Colonel Carringtonis
promotion from captain to lieutenant
colonel, was a most happy one in every
respect. In the large dining hall
tables were arranged in the form of a
hollow square and groaned under the
viands, which were anything but cam
paign rations.
Toasts were rendered as follows: "The
President of the United States," W. B.
Bradford; "The Guest of the Evening,"
Colonel Sumner; "The United Blue and
Gray," James P. Langhorne; "Our Ar
my," Inspector General R. P. Hughes;
"Our Volunteers," Adjutant General Bar
rett; "Our Heroes," Colonel J. F. Bur
gin. The toasts were all bright, witty
and interesting, and at their conclusion
the evening was given up to the
singing of patriotic songs and the
relating of war anecdotes. The Cos
mos Club has many members now
In the field, and anything of a patriotic
nature touches a warm spot in the hearts
of the members.
Among those present were: Lieutenant
Colonel Carrington, W. B. Bradford. Colo
nel Park Henshaw. L. S. Pease, Adju
tant General Barrett, Colonel Sumner,
Edwin Baker, S. G. Chapman, George W.
Bates. Carter Pomeroy, E. C. Ely, Pres
cott Ely, C. P. Gordon, E. P. Danforth,
F J Devlin, James P. Langhorne, H. A.
Williams, R. P. Hughes, Willis G. Dodd,
H P Cottingham, R. P. Huie, G. L.
Bresse, Ferd Reis Jr., E. Peterson, C. A.
Hamilton, William Tappenbeck, Maurice
Sullivan, H. E. Powell. Harry P. Dimond,
Dr. J. D. Whitney. Colonel Burgin. M. J.
Kast, E. A. Bresse and A. W. Fosterfl
Ladies' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sinter, r. 6 & 7.
Indorsed Maguire.
The Thirty-first Assembly District Dem
ocratic Club held Its weekly moeting In
Teutonia Hall last night. The business of
the evening consisted chiefly of the pas
sage of a set of resolutions indorsing
James G. Magrilre as a candidate for Gov
ernor. W. Morlety then gave a clever
imitation of W. J. Bryan's famous speech
at the Democratic National Convention.
Speeches were also made by Hon. Joseph
Leggett, Richard Doolan and C. J Gal
lagher.
DOGS THAT WILL RUN.
Drawings for the Coursing Events at
Union Park on Saturday and
Sunday.
The regular weekly drawing for the
coursing at Union Park on Saturday and
Sunday was held last night In Pythian
Castle. For the open stake there are
sixty-four entries, and for the sapling
stake six.
The total prize moneys Is $777 50. In the
stake this is divided: $160 to ifae winner,
$100 to runner up, $60 each for the next
two, $30 for the next four, $12 50 each for
the next eight and $5 each for the next
sixteen. There will be the usual special
prizes.
•In the sapling stake the first prize is
$30, with $20 for the runner up, $10 for
third and two specials. The draw resulted
as follows:
Open stake— J. McNeil's Sportsman vb. W
Dowst's Sarcastic; B. & S. Kennel's Butter
scotch vs. E. V. Sullivan's Jesse Moore; E. &
R. Scotfs Dr. Norman vs. T. Butler's Susie;
E. V. Sullivan's Right Bower vs. E. V. Sulli
van's Pretender; R. E. Cochran's Traveler vs
E. V. Sullivan's Mira Monte; Gibson & Moore's
Monitor vs. Fred Davies' Perfection; D. Dick
son's Bernlce vb. S. E. Portal's Laurel wood
l'asha Kennel's Rich and Artless vs Curtis &
Pon's Rosette; S. E. Portal's American Boy
vs. Foley & Kelly's Revivar; Pembroke Ken
r.el s wildflnwer vs. Larkey *- Rock's Hercu
les; S. MoCullough's Magneto vs. J. j War
ren's Sweet) ips; Lahusen & Duncan's "Wheel of
Fortune vs. D. J. H^aley's Rusty Gold- Curtis
ft Son's Lndy Campbell vs. J. A. Watson's
Skyqueen; C. F. Ingersoll's Glenwood vs J
Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; Al Austin's Douir
las vs. D. W. Dougherty's Peaceful Glen- Cur
tis & Son's Cavalier vs. B. & S Kennel's
Brandy and Soda: J. H. Perigo's Wayfarer vs
E. V. Sullivan's Flying Buck; B. & s" Kennel's
U ell £ o S, S & vl "°. vl1 ; E ' C ' Roßln ' 8 Santa Rosa;
H. R. Baldwin b Jester vs. D. Hooper's Mary
X; J. A. Watson's Miss Skyrocket vs Calam
ity Kennel's Beatrice; W. M. O'Nell's Promise
Me vs. J. J. Crunln's Magnet; J. j. Edmunds'
Forget vs. E. V. Sullivan's BlaUkstone- J
M.'iikhnuse'R Black Pete vs. E. & R Scott'a
Mystery: Foley & Kelly's Searchlight' vs.
Pasha Kennel a Arapahoe; S. E. Portal's
Lightning vs. A. G. Austin's Glenstone- B &
S. Kennel's Beauty Spot vs. T. McCor'mlo'k's
White Lily; T. E. McEldowney's The Oottoon
vs. D. Keane's Spry; I. L. Sears' Hot Stuff
vs. Pasha Kennel's Alameda; Lahusen & Dun
can's Treclta Girl vs. J. H. Smith's Bendlso-
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell vs. J MoCor
mick's Rapid; Pembroke Kennel's Tyrone vs
E. V. Sullivan's Fear Not; I. L. Sears' Beauty
vf. T. J. Cronln's Thomhill.
Sapling stake— W. J. Jones' Rustan vs T
SulHvan ■ Maid of the Mill; George Whitney's
Thiaher vs. J. Murnane's Wo..c Tone; \v j
i mb 1 Prince Charming vs. W. D. Murphy's
Policeman Murphy Pensioned.
The Police Commisioners last night de
cided to pension H. H. Murphy, who some
time ago was injured while pursuing a
prisoner. Murphy was connected with
the Southern station, and wa£ regarded
as an efficient offlcen
ANTI-RING
POPULISTS
Appeal to the Public to
Fight for Liberty.
OPPOSED TO THE RAILROADS
PLANNING FOR A MONSTER OR
GANIZATION.
San Francisco to Be Purified and the
Railroad Commission
to Be Sus
tained.
The anti-ring Populists met In the As
sembly hall of the Parrott building yes
terday and prepared an address to the
public calling on the people of the State
to organize to tight for their liberty from
railroad monopoly.
W. T. Baggett, A. W. Thompson and
George "W. Monteith were appointed a
committee to perfect the plan of organiza
tion. The address is as follows:
To the Populists of California: A few years
ago the then untried bark of populism was
launched upon the stormy sea ot American
politics. Manned by a few honest and earn
est patriots It nailed the banner of liberty to
Its masthead and went forth to battle In the
cause of freedom and humanity. In the pros
ecution of its high aim it offered no reward
and held forth no Inducement of material gain
— simply asked the tolling millions to Join in
the redemption of the republic from the fate
ful domination of nionopoly and corruption.
Breathing the eternal spirit of true Ameri
canism, it called on all patriots to join in a
common movement of the common people for
the common good.
It knew no South, no North, no East, no
West; it recognized neither caste, race nor
creed, but believed in one nation for one peo
ple; it sought their happiness; it asserted their
equality and it demanded their liberty.
In the great American nation a million hon
est hearts responded to its call to arms, and a
million sincere patriots arrayed themselves,
around its standard. Men forsook the politi
cal associations of a lifetime and buried all
sectional hatred and party prejudice in a
united effort to better the conditions of those
who labor that they may live. These brave vol
unteers, in the great cause of human liberty,
sought the redemption of the republic from
the domination of the avaricious plutocracy
that held it in a thralldom of mtsgovernment
and corruption.
Its short life has been marked by crises, due
to the subtle efforts of its enemy, to accom
plish its ruin. Two years ago its good name
and party privileges were bartered to aid in a
battle upon a minor issue which left the party
in a state of hopelessness and helplessness
bordering upon demoralization and so much so
that it is now almost in the throes of disso
lution, with treachery in its ranks and cor
ruption at its guard line. Its future is of
anxious concern to two great parties, one of
which seeks its destruction, and the other its
absorption.
litre in California we see our State bound
hand and font by a conscienceless monopoly.
We see the departments of government cor
rupted, the halls of legislation disgraced and
the temple of Justice defiled. Our famers are
in servitude, fur their farms are made profit
less by the extortions of the monopoly. Our
mechanics are Idle and our merchants are un
paid. Our people struggle to exist; they face
starvation, misery and ruin, and in the midst
of a land more generously endowed by nature
than perhaps any other on the face of the
earth, their condition grows steadily worse ana
worse.
There is a single cause for this fearful con
dition and it Is found in the corrupt domina
tion of the Southern Pacific monopoly that
lies upon it as an Incubus.
While not moving one Jot from the great
princii'les of Populism in'-!u<led in our na
tional platform, we have no hesitation in say
ing that the duty of the hour is to redeem our
State from the destructive supremacy of the
old monopoly. The first duty of a man Is to
his family and his home, and our first duty
is to save our homes and ourselves from the
baneful influence that overshadows us so com
pletely.
Political differences must sink in the achieve
ment of a common purpose — the destruction of
the great political machine which dominate*
every department of our State government
and which cuts us off from every source of
relief. We must liberate California, and until
that is achieved we must forego no effort that
will accomplish that end.
Vpon the Populist party to-day rests a heavy
responsibility. The 60,000 Populists who voted
the ticket four - ears aco are Just as sincere
Populists to-day as they were then, and they
are ready and willing ' join in any move
ment that appeals to their intelligence, sat
isfies their judgment, and stirs their hearts to
action. No boss can successfully crack the
party lash over the head of a Populist. He is
an independent, free biTrn and liberty-loving
citizen, who will bow alone to the dictates of
reason. The Populist party has it in its
power to pave California; to secure upon the
official ballot a ticket that will command the
confidence of every honest man. It must not
alone propose measures, but it must provide
men who are competent and who can be de
pended upon to carry its measures forward to
success. Untried and unknown men will be
but experiments, worthy, perhaps, but until
tried not to be confided in
To win the great battle against the railroad
two things must be accomplished. The rail
road political machine must be destroyed and
provision made to prevent its being repaired
or a new one erected in its place. The days of
corruption and machine rule must be num
bered.
To practically accomplish this the State con
stitution must be amended, and to that end
an honest Governor and Legislature must be
elected; our judicial pvstem revised and salu
tary laws promulgated.
The Legislature Is the key to the arch. The
best men in the State must be induced to go
to the Legislature— men of sufficient course
to not only enact good laws, but who will Im
peach those judges and other officials who
have made the administration of Justice in this
State a scandal and a disgrace.
The Railroad Commission must be sustained
and its hands upheld, and when this is all
done the people must take into their own hands
the power to regulate their State government
whenever the necessity requires by being able
to directly annul a bad law, compel the en
actment of a good law, and remove at will all
unfaithful sonants.
The city of San Francisco Is the hotbed of
corruption; it must be cleanspd and purified.
As a result -we must elect an honest Governor
nnrt honest Legislature, two honest Supreme
Judges, three honest Railroad Commissioners
and sustain the New Charter. The men se
lected should be those who have been tried
and found true, for thpse are the vantage
points in the coming campaign. We can com
bine and conquer; we can divide and lose.
AVlfh the single purpose of elpvating our
party to' this former hl<*h standard we earn
estly apppeal to our State convention to take
that action which will redeem the State for
once and for all.
HE WANTED TO DIE.
James Emerson, an Old Sea Captain,
Attempts Suicide.
James Emerson, an old sea captain,
was found in an unconscious condition in
a room in a lodging house at 20 Eddy
street, late last night. Suspecting that
he had taken poison the landlady of the
house summoned a policeman, who had
him removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Bunnel, who examined him, found
that he was suffering from oxalic poi
son. After being relieved of tht» drug
Emerson, who is 71 years of age, said he
was tired of life and wanted to die. A
few days ago he was discharged from
the County Hospital, where he had been
confined for some time.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THEY GOT HIS MONEY.
Henry Erlich Assaulted by Two Men
in Chinatown.
Henry Erllch, a lahorer, while walking
along Clay street last night was attacked
by two men at the corner of Dupont, and
robbed of a dollar, all the money he had.
According to Erlich's story, he was walk
ing along the street, when his
assailants struck him In the jaw,
knocking him ' down. They then
went through his pockets, secur
ing his money. When found by a
policeman, a short time afterward, Erlich
was semi-conscious and bleeding from a
scalp wound.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Thefao- j4 ,
limllt j^X s/ITs> „ **«
\4uzjyz J<Uc&4& tow*
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding T~!th Any of the Foiv-vlng Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS. " '''■,
California Art Glass, Bending and Cutting
• Works. 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing:. Staining, Beveling. ■ Wm.
Schroeder, Pres.. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE t FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO., :
firtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
[' . ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEV7A CDDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas-,
MfclNiU 3rKlr(U ure blanks. U. S. Commls- ;
slon. 9 Geary St., S. F. - > ' ' -■ ' '
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIVI7' C CrillWni CD Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK SllilNULtK, Fittings. IMS Market
st. Telephone South 267. .- ' ' ____
~ AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock V\\ I in *fA U Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IV ILLU CL San FranclßCQ. ;
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. '
WM CrHPPWIWfi Shipping trade supplied.
Will- jWHtLrtlnU) 639 Broadway street.
BATHING SUITS.
*> &» C7\g\ 103 Post St.
"'•^"* *>* Bj HEAD—
KNItJiNGCGL- f fto tt r ers
BATHING SUITS, sweaters.
PERFECT-FITTING
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear.
BELTINO.
LD nFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
L. r. UtUtN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'08 Model Cleveland Bicycles
. Sell for $50, J65 and *75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
_« fa W. J. Brady's Patent
ft fl DETACHABLE
At JLR MUD DRUM
|glgag^^r|l^fa for Steam . Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THEM FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD MnTXTTWTjr Bookbinder and Printer,
, Di lUbllUinJ}. 422 Commercial street.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO., I
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISC4.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641..
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M J.OBER & CO. J3S!SS£.iSB*x \
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers: wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
DENTIST.
DR. C V- RICHARDS, £kk g tl S£»y.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. . s s o c n co s n t s da ?e d d isc^ ce n n i
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 189 S.
DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso. Texas, I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric Belts." for Rheumatism, etc., and after I
using it only two months my complaints en- ]
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with ony pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex- |
istence, a« the electric current is both •powerful j
j and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and now, after using it several months, it Is .
as good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Yours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. ISth Infantry, U. S. Army.
|CT Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
"Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and tells all about It, or call on the !
F-lERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel, S. F. i
■
j q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S G«*t \
0M Museum of Anatomy
' ll?lni& H&ll(Am?ST.tet.6tli&7th,S.r.Cal.
flSw The Largest of 1»8 kind Un World.
ls|jf?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
R WXmTjJ R^ Contulutlon free. Write for Book
\\f of Marriage.
& (i MAILED Fftcr.
HHlHilSiiim
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper* 9
■ Colored Spots, Aches, - Old Sores,' > Ulcera ■
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper* {I
Colored boots. Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
in Mouth, Hair-Falling 1 Writo COOK iiEAI- 1
I ED Y CO., :U .MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- sg
F CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■
n IMjo.ixw. Worst cases cured In li 10 36 days. \M
81500.000. Worst cases cured la Ulo bo aays. ■
100-pasa boolt free. ■ :
ggilDß, HALL'S REINVIGOR ATOR
l|Jg**^lfeS Five hundred reward for any case
3Wi - . Bu we cannot cure. This secret remedy
''- . Ej stops all losses in '24 hours, : cures
' SCSI WM Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele,
pffl . PjTff Gonorrhoea, ' Gleet, Fits,'. Strictures;
■ iilf tiijjLl Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
' Ml f(jK3 fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent j
S_!l ¥ *T"*. 5 ' T! sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, »5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN- '
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, ; Oakland. Cal. . Also
for sale ,at 1073% . Market st, S. F. All pri- !
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
— . . ;
-*V«SS^!2>iS?»AIS BIi ? O is a non-poisonous
< < V5-ai2J* i^^^"9fesJa remedy -■ for Gonorrhcea,
y^yS^CCKE^S^ Gleet, Spermatorrhosa!
jfej^jr in lto 5 .i»ts. Whites,. unnatural dig- !
B&jg Gt:»r»nw«a J^ charges, or any inflamma- :
IH^'g not to itricture. tiou, irritation or uicera-
*ijj Prevents contagion. tion of viucous mem- '
Kc'iTHEEvANSCHEHI£HfIo. cranes. Non-astringent, j
VtCJkG'NCINMATI.O K&gn &ola by Wrngslals.
@«&'t v. 8. a JkBl or Bent ' n plain wrapper, i
•^ui?ST*-*j ' '^a&'Yi ■- DT express, prepaid, for
■'SEiagf^ll I - 00 ' or 3 bottles, $2.75.
."» r V ■ Circular Bint on request.
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers ot
Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kearoy street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
_ ,l , 407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital- Represented over $14.000, 000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS ROYFS k f ft. Shipping Butchers, 10S
• a<3 ' DUIE3 (X Ul. t Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
NATIONAL flof l0 , ur M1!l8 - J - Martensteln at Co.
HHiiVHftL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
pALACE Hardware Co., Importers St Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752,
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkin st.. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writs
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props,.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De- '
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. '
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co.. 521 Sansoms st.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
• ■» Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agents,
±_ 301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TRF RFDVHADT) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IUD DCnmlAlll! St. Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI ITWTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LiVlMJli full 18-k. Welding Rings. 4 3d st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
fIILLHmCI IE 722 Montgomery Street. .
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
17 All 1 V Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
IVUUAAing. T. P. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 30R Crlll -
Codes. rI\K. 1 X ILIVI t. fornia St,
SEWINCJ MACHINES.
"nnMCCTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UU:VILOIIU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
Gn I nfV &■ Cd 123 California street,
i M, LUC I ff W,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, £5S£? nl%£^tn 1 %£^t
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ril 1C PI ICC Claus Spreckela
407, 408 409. 410 vllA DLI J- Bliljr.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£">ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 608 Clay st. .
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHIXDLER. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st.; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Publlo Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
STEP IN
And have your spectacles or eye-glasses ad-
; justed If they don't feel comfortable. No
charge.
Should you wish a change In frame or
guards, we have all the. latest improve-
ments.
OPTICIANS^ OT >K«^TUS.
UP l IUAPO pHOTOC|UWp H0T0C |UW 6C|ENT|F|C ..£
642 Market st, instruments
unDER CncmiCs.t BuuDiMb
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
bj '"« JkJLljUrvrvoua Diseases — Failing Heir.*
13 41 017, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
k ,X\ by Abuse or other Excesses ana 1 India*
i Tjffifff- . cretions. They quickly and surely
\ ~T restore Lost Vitality in old or yonn«. and
Jg^f^K. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in me. Their uoo chows immediate iniprova-
aoent and effects a CUKE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajm Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will euro you. We Rive a pos-
itive written guarantee- to effect a cure CA PTC . is
each case or refund the money. Price vW Uldi per -
package; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By '
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
-AJAX REMEDY CO., ' 9^Xul"
. For sale In San Francisco by Letpnlts A Ccv,
136 Butter. No-Percent&s* Pharmacy. Ml Kit.
WEEKLHALL
o/ It PubHsll-i the Cream of tiie
_J New* or the Week and
Pi ' ' ' ■■ ' ' ■ ' - ' ■' '
c^ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
0/ ORIGINAL Matures.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ H - v PAPER ON THB
■•I PACIFIC COAST
■■.;,;" '■■:-. \ /
_J The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \/ "News That
Py- Service on /N. is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to daW
ex Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or. Uninteresting. •
O< Bright, Clean, A ChamploU of
_1 Thoughtful. I ruth.
W A CAUFORMA NEWSPAPER
,J ALL THE TIME.
DIT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
~J l HOME MAIL, $1.59 >
9<:-sdustries i AYtia.
■- ; . - - ....... -■ - --•• . . . ■
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat firm and Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull. .
Hay firm with light receipts.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans quiet and steady.
Potatoes steady. Onions lower.
Butter advanced again. Eggs and Cheese
weak.
Poultry steady.
Fruit In light supply.
Dried Fruit dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides easy at the decline.
Wool and Hops dull.
Hogs firm. Other meats steady.
New York exchange firmer.
• -lone in tierces lower.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) "
SAN FRANCISCO, July C. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, 56; Fresno, 102; Los Angeles, 7G; Red
Bluff, 96; Independence, 90; San Diego, 70; Sac
ramento, 88; San Luis Ohlspo. 76; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 58;
minimum, SO; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly over Utah and
eastward to the Missouri River. It has re
mained nearly stationary along the Pacific
Slope. An area of high pressure impinges on
Vancouver Island.
The temperature has varied but little over
the country west of the Rocky Mountains. It
Is more nearly normal In the Interior of Cali
fornia than It has bean for some time past. i
The following maximum wind velocities are j
reported: Wlnnemucoa, 26 miles per hour from
the southwest: Carson City. 26, west.
A trace of rain Is reported at Phoenix.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midinght. July 7, ISPS:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; light
southerly changing to northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; cooler in
extreme eastern portion; light westerly wind. j
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday; warmer near |
Phoenix.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday:
warmer; southerly changing to westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
nt 5 p. m.— Clear; wind southwest. 5 miles per
tour; temperature, 76: maximum, 76.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 6.- The sentimental ef
fect of Commodore Schley's victory was en
tirely dissipated to-day and the stock market
dropped back Into the condition of lethargy and
of waiting for developments which had marked
some time previous t>> this week. The
satisfaction cf the demand aroused by the
new? of the victory Is a s-triking demonstration
of the fact 'hat the war is little taken ac
count of in the stock market. Many observers
believe that its successful termination has al
ready been discounted and the only develop
ment in its progress likely to affect prices of
pecurities would be something unfavorable to
the success of the United States. The financial
collapse of Spain is felt to be Inevitable, and
the longer the strain is maintained the greater
the damage that will be Inflicted by the final
disaster. The bankruptcy of the Spanish Gov
ernment must Inevitably have far-reaching ef
fect in the financial vrorld and is bound to be
reflected in this country. ev»>n In face of
triumphs and prosperity, for forced liquidation
will seek the strongest market to realize in.
The effect of the Government loan on the
money market is also a:i unsolved problem and
beget? hesitation in speculative ventures.
There is bound to be continued uncertainty as
country's prosperity for the coming year
until t ire finally harvested, or
at leapt u:itil the dilaensi< ns and the prices
they will bring are known. The expectation
that a naval victory would awaken speculative
activity having been disc ":nttvl. to-, lay's 'lull
a.n-1 slugcish market was the natural outcome.
with the bears nibbling to llnd weak spots, but
with ?■> little success a* to be led to cover
short contracts before the day's close. Changes,
as a rule, were therefore small and unimpor
tant.
The volume of business in bonds was small
and there was no important change in prices.
Total sales. $1,T55.000.
United States new 4's and the old 4's regis- i
tered advanced *; In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 179,100
shares. Including: Atehlson preferred. 4834:
Rurltngton, 9425; Louisville and Nashville, 34,04:
Manhattan, 5615; Metropolitan Street Railway,
8600: North American, 3660; Northern Pacific
preferred, 34*5; Rock Island. 7554; St. Paul,
6520; Union Pacific preferred, 5254; American
Tobacco. 14.055; People' • Gas. 13.095; General
Electric. 4250; American Sugar, 30,340; Western
Union, 3301.
CLOSING STOCKS.
A.tchison 13% -t P & Om 77
Do prefd 33% Do prefd 152
Baltimore & Ohio 14*, it V M & M 145
Canada Pacific .. 83Vi So Pacific 18%
Canada Southern. £2 3o Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 13% Do prefd 30%
flies & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific.. 12
Chi & Alton 158 Cnion Pac prefd. 53H
Vhi B & Q .105% a P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 67 KYabash 7
: C C & St L.... 40% Do prefd 18% i
Do prefd '-<'''■ Wheel & L E 1% I
Del & Hudson 109 Do prefd 8%
Del L & \V IST Express Companies— |
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 99 i
Do prefd 50% American Ex .... 127 !
Erie (new) Is% United States 40
Do Ist prefd 3.V 2 Wells Farco 117
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
3t Nor prefd 126 ACot Oil 20%
Hocking Valley .. 6 Do prefd 74
Illinois Central .. 105% Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Do prefd 36%
Do prefd 70 \m Tobacco 121!-,
Lake ..hore ISS% Do prefd 119
Louis & Nash 53^ People's Gas 98%
Manhattan L .... IQSV» 'ons Gas 195
Met St Ry 159 I'om Cable C 0.... 175
Mich Central 104 'ol F & Iron 22
Minn & St L 2S Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd — S3 3en Electric 40
Mo Pacific 34*4 Illinois Steel 57
Mobile & 0hi0.... 20"-. f.aclede Gas 50
SI X & T 11% Lead SS»i
Do prefd 33% Do prefd 106%
rhl Ind & L 10 Vat Lin Oil 16
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mall 28%
S' .1 Central '. 92 oilman Palace... 205%
.V V Central 115% Silver Certificates 59
v v Chi & st L.. 1214 stand n & t 5%.
Do Ist nrefd — Ci Sugar 130%
Do 2d prefd.... 30 Do rrefd 113
, Sor West 14 rC & Iron 23U
No Amer Co 6% a S Leather ..... 7%
No Pacific 29% Do prefd 66'
Do nrefd 69% U S Rubber 24%
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd 87H
Or R & Nay 49 West Union 92%
Or Short Line.... 23 -hi &N W 125
t'lltsburg 170 Do nrefd 171
Reading 18% 5t L & 8 W 5
Do Ist prefd.... 46% Do profd 10%
Rock Island 95% |Ft G W 2fiu.
II Louis & 8 F... 7% Do prefd Cfi '"
Do jFt prefd.... 61 |mi r, W 14%
Do 2d prefd.... 28% Haw Com Co . . 23%
3t Paul 99% Brooklyn R T.... 5f,%
Do prefd 149 I CTnlon Pacific .... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
17 S new 4s reg.. 12.">U N J c 5s 113
Do coup 125% N Carolina 65.... 126 ■
D S4s Ill,* Do 4s 101
Do coup 111% -So Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 95 Do 3s . .. f'M
0 S f.3 reg 113% Do 4s 9$
Do us coup 113% < T C 4 St I, 4s. 106
District 3. 60s 116 \or & W6s 122%
la class A 107% Vorthwstrn cons. 142
Do B 100 1 Do deb 53 116%
Do C '."I ■) Nay lsts 11l
Da Currency ... M ) Nay 4.1 ..- »5%
\tchlson 48 ....... 53% ) s Line 6s tr.... 126
Do adj 4s 67% ) S Lino 5s tr.... 104%
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of 95.. 101%
I'hl Term 45....... 83% Reading 4s S4'4
: & Ohio rs 114% t a w lists S3&
; H & D 4%5.... 104% it L 4 I M C is! 96%
O & RG lsts 108 It I, & S F G 6s. 117%
f) & X G 4s 93 lit P Con 144
East Term lsts.. 104 lit Pc & P lets 117%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s 115
FW& I) lsts tr. 7. So Hallway 55.... 93%
3en Klectric .8... 108 Jtand It & T 65.. 70
3H&S ACs 103 Term new set 35.. $1
Do Ids 102 V; [• & V L G lets.. 103%
a & T C as 11074 Do Rg 2ds 40
Do con fs 10* 'J PD& V, lsts.. «2%
lowa C lots 101. Wab Ist 55.. liOU
La new cons 45.. 100 I Do 2ds 5 fa.
L 4 N Unl 45.... ISU Shore 4s 108%
Missouri 6s 100 \Va Centuries 70
M K& T 2ds 63% IDo deferred .... 4
Do 4s 90 lUnlon Pac prefd. E9«t
N T Central l*ts. 115% I Do <„ 96%
MINING STOCKS. ,
Chollar 03 Ontario 2 CO
?rown Point ....'. 02 Dphlr 10
>n Cal & Va 15 Plymouth 12
Deadwood JO Quicksilver ...-....- 1 00
3ould & Curry — Of Do prefd 200
Hale cc Norcross.. 40 sierra Nevada 40
Hornestake ...:... 43 00 standard ...... ] 60
Iron Silver 70 1 Union Con " 10
Mexican OS v>How Jacket .... 10
BOSTON.
BOSTON. July 6.-Atchlson". 13: Bell Tele
phone. 274; Burlington, 105%; Mexican Central
6. Oregon Short Line; 29: San Diego, '
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 6. -Close— Money on call
firm. 161% per cent: last loan, 1% per cent '
Prime mercantile paper, 3%gi4 per cent. Sfer
llnit exchange steady, with actual buslne*k n
banner* 1 bills at M 85%@4 85% for demand and
1. -2'ilH 52% for sixty days.. Posted ,a'""
$4 86©4 KS',; and $4 K%Q4 S7 Commercial bills'
$4 83«?4 83%. Silver certificates. 59<5&9%c Bar
silver. 59% c. Mexican dollars. 4i%c.- Govern
ment bonds, strong. State bonds, dull Rail
road bonds, steady.'
" LONDON MARKET. " '! v:
NEW YORK, July 6. -The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram lays: The with
drawal to-day from the Bank of England of
£105.000 in German coin and of £10.000 for
Holland. in addition to the' £24.000 withdrawn ;
yesterday, has caused a sharp rise in discount ;
rates, and makes the bankers skeptical of a
further early reduction In the banks- discount ;
rate. For this reason the stock markets here
were dull and drooping to-day.
Bo far as Americans are concerned operators
here are discouraged by the persistency with
which Wall street sells on any advance here. I
1 A Prussian loan of about £1,500.000 Is being |
underwritten, but not with eagerness, and a
large brewing amalgamation Is announced with
a capital of £15,000. over one-third of which
Is asked, for by Friday night.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. S6V t ; Grand Trunk. 5: Bar
Silver, uncertain, 27 6-16 d per ounce; Money, hi
per cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 33.
PARIS, July Spanish 4's closed at 32.90.
NEW YORK GRAIN A-.\T> PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 6.— FLOUR— Receipts. 20,
600 barrels: exports. 19,383 barrels. Market firm- j
er, but quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,023 bushels: exports,
' ; 41.662 bushels. Spot, strong: No. 2 red. 92c f. !
1 o. b. afloat. • Options opened steady, and were j
advanced by foreign buying, favorable English
1 I cables and strength in corn. The activity
■ among shorts lasted all day, stimulated finally
by export rumors and a bulge in cash wheat.
; i closed *;(7rU4c net higher. No. 2 red July. SI
@S2V4c; closed, *2'ic; September, 73@74 3-16 c; i
, closed. 74>*c. . , „„„, i
HOPS— Easy State, common to choice. IS9d
, crop. So4c: 1596 crop. 6@7c; 1897 crop, 12® 13c; j
• Pacific Const, 1595 crop, 3@4c; 1596 crop. 6@7c;
• 1897 crop. 12®13c.
i WOOL— Steady.
I PETROLEUM— DuII.
.' METALS— Lead and copper still exhibit ac- !
I tlve strength and prices tend upward on in- j
. j creased demand. At the close:
I PIGIRON— Warrants were officially reported ;
i as quiet and unchanged, $6 50 bid and ?6 65 j
i asked. /
I LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, $11 76
bid and $11 87% asked.
TlN— Quiet. {15 75 bid. and $15 85 asked.
LEAD— Firmer, $4 02^ bid and $4 07 asked. ;
The firm naming the settling price for leading !
Western miners and smelters still quotes lead ■
; $3 SO.
SPELTER— DuII and nominal, $4 75 bid, $5
j asked. j
[ COFFEE— Options opened steady at un- '
i changed prices, ruled moderately active and '
> advanced .'. points on Indications of some out- i
side buying interests, again showed dullness, j
European spot demand disappointing, closed
; steady unchanged to 3 points higher. Sales,
9250 bags, including: August. $3 65. Spot coffee ,
—Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice. 6V--: No. 7. Jobbing, ;
Hie. Mild, slow; Cordova. BH©lse.
SUGAR— Raw. dull, nominal: fair refining,
i 3Hc: centrifugal. 9G test. 4\4c. Refined, steady. i
BUTTER— Receipts. 35,766 packages; steady. ;
unchanged. |
I EGGS— Receipts. 17,360 packages, unchanged. J
DRIED FRUIT. !
NEW YORK. July 6.— California dried fruits: j
Apples quiet: other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6®Sc;
prime wire tray. S x i<39c; wood-dried, prime, 9c;
choice. 9S9V»c: fancy, 9V59V.
PRUNES— 4f?SHc. i
APRICOTS— SH@loc: Moorpark, 10® |
Be.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, . r .<?7!>c; peeled, 12<Jrl6c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. July — Special cable and tele
[•graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes in available supplies of grain j
| last Saturday, as compared with the preced- j
j ing Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
Rookies, decrease 2,617,000 bushels; afloat, fot
and in Europe, decrease, 3,600.000 bushels;
: world's supply, total decrease, 6,127,000 bushels.
j Corn, United States and Canada, east of the j
i Rocky Mountains, increase, 691.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the I
Rocky Mountains, de-crease, 1,615.000 bushels.
Bradstreefs world's visible supply of wheat
jon July 1, embracing stocks in the United
States and Canada, east and west of the Rocky
Mountains, in Europe and afloat therefor, in ,
Australia and in Argentina amounted to 84,
i 804,000 bushels, 0,008,000 bushels smaller that, j
, on June 1, but 4.700,000 bushels larger than un \
| July l a year ago. j
There are 5.300.C0 bushels more In Europe, 2,- I
I 500,000 bushels more in Australia, and 1,000,000 ■
i bushels more in Argentina, but 7,200,000 bushels
j less In the United States and Canada than a .
year ago at this date.
Pacific Coast wheat stocks decreased 300.000
bushels for the month of June. East of tht
Rocky Mountains they decreased 11.167.000 bush
els, those in Europe decreased 8,600,000 bushel;.,
those in Australia decreased 800.000 and those
j in Argentina fell off 440.000 bushels.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 6— Continued fine weather,
lower Liverpool cables and the generally bear
ish sentiment of the trade started Wheat easy.
In the first hour there was a ROO'l deal of long
Wheat sold out and free selling for the short
account. Thoman's crop report for July was
made public and was considered bearish, as It
claimed that with all the damage reported and
admitted the yield indicated a production of
655,000,000 bush?ls. against 680,000,000 bushels
claimed to have been raised last year. Later
in the day there were a number of bad crop
advices received. This, together with reports
from different sections throughout the country
'■umplalning of the slow movement of the new
Wheat and the imperative demand from mill
ers, caused the traders to turn bullish. Early
sellers covered freely and prices took an up
turn. July closed 2V*c higher and September
rose T <jc.
fnfavnrahle crop news and an improved cash
demand were the bull influences in Corn. There
was a good speculative demand from both
shorts and prominent operators. July ad
vanced ~*'alc higher.
Sympathy with Wheat and Corn, a better
shipping demand, light receipts and buying by
July shorts caused the advance in Oats. July
left off lc higher.
Higher prices at the yard.", smaller receipts
than estimated, together with satisfactory re
[m rt« from the South as to the yellow fever
situation, strengthened Provisions. There was
a good cash trade and the foreign demand was
slightly improved. Pork closed 20c higher, 5@
7Uc in lard and 12Hc i n ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
1 July 74% 76% 74 76%
' September 65% 69% 68% 69%
December 68% 69% 68% C9>i
Corn No. 2—2 —
July ..., 31T4 32% 31% 32%
September 32% 33% 32% 33%
December 33' i 33% 33% 33%
i Oats No. 2—
' July 21Tb 22% 21% 22%
September 1&% 20% 19% 20% i
: May 22% 23% 22% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 621.4 ■
September.....' 975 9 82% 975 9 82%
i Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 5 23 5 30 6 25 6 30
! September .: ....5 33 5 42% 535 . 5 42% !
Short Ribs, per 100 lt)S—
July 586 545 5 42% 5 4." I
September 535 550 535 ■ 5 47%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
flow; No. 2 sprlnpr wheat. 73c; Ko, 3 spring
! wheat, 70igS5c: No. 2 red, 84c; No/2 corn, 32% c: I
No. 2 oats, 22 ; c: No. 2 white, 25% c; No. 3 !
white. 24£24%c: No. 2 rye. 44c; No. 2 barley,
1 31ifT33c; No. 1 flax seed,, $1 04%; prime timothy ,
seed $2 60: mess pork, per barrel, $3 63<g>9 70:
lard, per 100 pounds. $3 30®5 32Vi; short ribs J
I sides (loose), $5 3Oig's 50: dry salted shoulders 1
1 (boxed), 4%@4%c;- short clear sides (boxed), ;
15 75CC90. -
i Articles — Receipts. Shipments. ,
Flour, barrels 10,400 4,700 :
' Wheat, bushels 4,200 14,400 ,
! Corn, bushels 330.000 ' 346,000 |
i Oats, bushels ' 245,600 330,000 i
! Rye, bushels 5.600 ....... t
Barley, bushels 10,100 700 i
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries, 13%@16c; Dal- '
ries. 11312 c. Eggs, firm: fresh. 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. j
• Bushels. . Bushels. 1
Minneapolis 23.100 . 27.520
; Duluth 65.631 33.361 ,
' Milwaukee 15.600 ' 2.525
Chicago 4,200 14,119
Toledo ■ 2.044 . o>'o
1 St. Louie 47,000 17,000
; Detroit "... .......
Kansas City 8,500 rCOr CO '
Totals ..160,095 107.ii5
j Tiiii-wnier — aaaaaa
'• Boston 9,350 I
New York 12,025 41,662 !
1 Philadelphia ...... .......!
Baltimore 16,156 ''4.000 i
New Orleans 34 s. r s !
, Galveston ...;... — \ .......
Totals ... ...
PARIS FUTURES.
Whrat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ..53 00 45 90'
Closing ..... I
Flour— !
Opening ........24 00 XI 10
Closing •
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
"... ■ July. Sept. nee.
Opening 6 11% 69%
Closing 6 8%. 600 6 10%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 6. -CATTLE— There was an
active : : demand for cattle to-day • and prices
wer« 10@lSc higher than at the close last week.
i Choice steers, Js®s 40; medium. $4 60® i 75; beef
• steers, $4 40^4 75; stackers : am! feeders, $3 60@ 1
i 4 85; cows and heifers," $3 1004 85; calves, S3®
!6; Western steers. 14 25(?5-15. • ■ ; •
HOGS— Meager offerlnr!". in connection with a
good demand, caused hogs to sell 10c higher.
Fair to choice, 13 82%@4 95; pigs. $3 65((i3 80;
butchers', 13 70<(T3 92%: : mixed, |3 65<53 87%:
light. 13 65®3 SO; pigs, $3@3 75.
I SHEEP— was a. fairly good demand for
! ineep at about yesterday's prices. Sheep, •S3 25
» ..-.-:- ..-i-,-.^' 1 I- iv-1 — invr iiini'iT n ir bhi i^iiinMii
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
' @5; ewes, $4@4 25; rams. $2 50<g>2 75; Western
i sheep. $4 15@4 75; lambs. $3 60@6. •
! Receipts— Cattle, 12,500; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
12,000.
KANSAS CITY.
' KANSAS CITY, July 6.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4500. Market steady to strong; native steers,
$3 06@6; Texas steers, . $3®4 75; Texas cows,
$2 GOO 3 50; native cows and heifers, $2^4 95;
workers and feeders, $3 Sotf?s: bulls, $3 25@4 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000. Market strong, 5c
higher; bulk of sales. $3 65<£3 80; heavies. $3 65®
: 3 SO: packers, 53 35<£T3 $0; mixed. $3 50@3 SO:
lights, $3 40Q3 65; yorkers, $3 60@3 65; pigs.- $3®
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
• $3 73(g6 50; muttons, $3(fj 1 5.
| OMAHA.
j OMAHA. July 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1300.
Market steady; • native beef steers, J4®4 85;
Western steers, $3 90<3>4 65; cows and heifers,
$3 So©4 30: stackers and feeders, $3 60@4 75;
calves, $4 504?6 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 5600. Market firmer; heavy^
;$3 62iA@3 70: mixed, $3 62>*@8 65; light. $3 60®
1 3 65; bulk of sales. $3 65. . . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 4700.' Market steady, fair
!to choice natives. $3 So<lf4 80; fair to choice
Westerns, S3 75@4 60; common. $3 50@4 25;
lambs, $4 £o@6.
DENVER.
I DENVER, July CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market steady;- beef steers, $3 So@4 70: cows.
I $304; feeders, freight paid ft river, $3 80^4 50; !
I stockers do. J4®r.; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 50®3 50.
t HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market firm, shade
higher: light packers, $3 63@3 70; mixed. $3 60®
3 721.4: heavy. $3 60@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts,, none. :
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
i The Earl. Fruit Company sold ... California
. Fruit at auction to-day, realizing the following
! prices:
BOSTON, July 6.— Prunes— Tragedy, $1 45©
2 05, average $1 CO. Plums— Peach. $1 35@1 56, j
I average $1 39; Royal , Hatlve, 75c@Jl 05. aver
i age 99c: Abundance, average $1 21. Peaches—
i Hales Early. 65<fr90c, average 78c; Briggs' May.
| average 82c. Cherries— Royal Anne, 40c®$l.
average 66c: Republican, 50c@$l 30. average 96c.
I Eight cars sold. • - "
■ CHICAGO, July 6.— Tragedy, average
,$1 40. Plums— Peach. $1 20. Peaches— Hales
; Early, 6Sc; < St. John. 910, single crate* 74c.
' Apricots— Royal $1 22. . Seven cars sold. •
NEW YORK. July 6.— Prunes— Tragedy. $1 35
.01 55, average $1 43. Burbank, 95ci3> i
, $160, average $1 38; Peach; $165. Apricots-
Royal, 65c©$"l 25, average 75c. Cherries— Royal
| Anne, 40c@$l 10,. average 68c; Bigarreau. $1 0&9
I 1 35, average $1 22: Cleveland Bigarreau. 35c.
I Pears— Bartletts. half boxes, $190. Peaches—
j Hale's Early, average 75c. Fourteen cars sold.
I DON WOOL SALES.
j LONDON, July 6.— There was the usual large
I attendance at the Wool auction sales to-day.
j The offerings numbered 17,066 bales. Competi
| tion was strong in all directions and prices for !
\ scoured and greasles ruled In sellers' favor. j
I New South Wales and Queensland suitable for |
j the Continent received special attention. A few ;
i lots of Geelong were offered and probably taken ,
: by the American representatives. Crose-breds
! showed a hardening tendency and good Falk- \
' land Island Wool sold strongly at a farthing
advance. Coarse Wool was weak and some ■
was withdrawn. Followlnc are the sales In j
I detail: , '■■•J; j
New South Wales, 3100 bales; scoured, 10d@ I
Is s'».d; greasy. s@lOVid.
Queensland. 1300 bales; scoured, 10d@ls 7d; ;
I greasy, 6%©10 d.
Victoria. 1400 bales; scoured, BHd@ls *%d; '•
greasy. 6®llV4d. . ■ '■-_,
South Australia, 1000 bales; scoured. Is 3d@
Is Sd; greasy, 6@7>4d.
Tasmania, 900 bales; scoured, s@9d; greasy, ;
6<fjlOVid
New Zealand. 5&00 bales; scoured, 7%d@ls %d; I
I greasy S%O9V(d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 1400 bales;
scoured, B%d©la Id; greasy. r.4<(i9d.
Falkland Islands. 1900 bales; greasy, 4© I \4d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 6.— Silver, 27 6-16 d; French
rentes, 103f 15c.
LIVERPOOL, July Wheat— Cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage. !
white easy, red quiet; English country mar
kets firmer; Liverpool wheat, spot, • dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
WHEAT— closed steady; July, 6s SHd;
I September, 6s; December, 5s lOVid.
\ CORN— July quiet, 3s S%d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. J217.935.469; gold reserve.
$1C:',333,6»1.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 6.— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling, 6%c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET .
PORTLAND, Or., July 6.--Wheat, nominal;
Walla Walla, 60(fi61c; valley. 62g>63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., July 6— Wheat quiet; nom
inal quotations for export; club, 60c; blue
stem, 63c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 6.— Exchanges, $251,
£62; balances, $61>20.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
'Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85^4
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 S7>4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Nejr York Exchange, sight — 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars 46 46V»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market opened steady after the
holidays In sympathy with a firm Liverpool
market. Spot quotations showed a slight Im
provement.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 25@1 27H: milling.
|1 354(1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — No session.
Second session — No session.
Regular morning session December ctls,
$1 29%; 36,000, $1 30.
Afternoon session — December— l4.ooo ctls,
U 30%; 1000, $1 30%; 10,000, $1 30%: 20.000, $1 30%.
BARLEY— The market Is steady at the clos
i ing quotations of last week as a rule, though
. there is less strength. The demand Is noth
'■ ing extra.
Feed, *1 17%i3>1 22%; Brewing, $1250135.
CALL BOARD SALES. ; ,,'
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No session.
Second session — No session.
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctls,
$119: 6000, $1 is%: 10,000, $119%.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 19%.
OATS— ' market 1b dull and unchanged,
with free receipts from the north.
Fancy feed, $1 35@1 40 per ctl; goed to choice.
SI So@l 35; common. $1 25<g!l 27%; Surprise,
$1 32%@1 40; gray, SI 25@1 32%; milling, $1 32%
01 37% per ctl.
; CORN— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket.
Small round yellow, $1 2501 30; Eastern large
yellow. $1 0501 07%; white, SI 02%@l 05; mixed,
I $1 02%«jl 06 per ctl.
RYE— Dull at $1 201T1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
I ■
FLOUR— Family extras, $5@6 10; bakers' ex-
I tra*. $4 7."(?4 S5 per bhl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 'sacks are as fol
j lows, . usual _ discount to the trade: Graham
' Flour. S3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 CO; extra cream
i Cornmeal.- $3 25; ' Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,'
] $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
{?4 25;. Cracked Wheat. S3 75: Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
' rels). $5 Ss©6 25; In sacks. $5 65@6 03; Pearl
! Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
; per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market opened firm after the holi
days, and receipts since , last . Friday amount
to only 1103 tons from all sources. The demand
'■ is good, but the farmers, who are usually eager
; to sell at this time of the year, are now hold
ing back, and the tendency -is rather upward
In consequence. Sellers are obtaining, top quo
tations without difficulty.
I'.rnn and Middlings are unchanged. •- ' '
! BRAN— SI 4 r.01;15 50 per ton.
! MIDDLINGS— S2O®22 per ton. . .
! FEEDSTUFF'S— Barley, $25®*.6 per ton-
I Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31®31 50; Jobbing'
$32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25;. Cottonseed
Meal. ■ $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23@2S 50
( Cracked Corn. $24<g24 50. . :
NEW • HAY— Wheat, • $18- 50@19 . for ■ choice
, ami *17(fI13 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat
$17(618 50; Oat, .sl6 60017 50; Wild Oat. $15 sod
16 60; Barley, $15@16; Island Barley. $13®14-' Al
: falfa. 512^13. ■■"'•-■■■;. '■ . *
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new In Beans, the market
being quiet and steady. Seeds are as before
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@2 95: Small Whites. $180
®1 90; Large Whites.. $1 7601 80; ; Pinks, $2 60©
J 76; Reds. $2 7502 85; Blackeye,' s3@S 25- But
ters, $1 So(f2; Llmas. $2 80©2 90; Pea, •$1 Mi-
Red. Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per ctl.
■ SEEDS — Brown Mustard. .$4 RO(SS per . ctl-
Yellow Mustard, $4 5006; Flax. $2@2 05; Canary
Seed, 2i4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape, 2\i(S
Hemp. 2%@3c: Timothy. -5@5%c.-
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
per, ctl. . , , , .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are lower and red are altogether, out
of favor. .;• " . >. "", V;
,':. ■ Cucumbers . and Squash are lower. Tomatoes
are firm and are not over choice. Corn is
steady. Peppers are in moderate supply.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 40@05c in sacks
and 50@60c In boxes for Early Rose, and 50@60c
In sacks and r.OffSOc in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS — New, 2OJT3SC per sack for red and
80(p90c per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparßgns. Jl 50@2 for extra
large and 75CaJl 25 for ordinary; Green Peas,
2© 24 c per tt>; String Beans, 2@3c per lt>; Wax
Beans, 2@3c; Summer Squash. 25®40c per box;
Bay Squash, 50®'75c; Green Peppers. 76c<gjl for
Chile and $I@l 25 for Bell; Dried Peppers. 5#60;
I Cabbage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 30® 50c per sack;
| Marysvllle Cucumbers ?.Oig'6oc; Bay Cucumbers,
60c(?$l; Vacavllle Tomatoes. 50c®$l; Los An
geles, Jl^l 26 per box; River Tomatoes, J2'<?
2 25; Green Corn. bQe<ff jl 50 per sack for Vaca
ville. Jl 75@2 per crate for Alameda and Jl 25
for Berkeley; Garlic. 2#3c per lb; Green Okra.
10c: Etrg Plant. 6ffjSc per It).
EVAPORATE!. VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated. raw. 13c;
Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, ISc; new. ISc; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is only moderately supplied at
the moment and prices are steady in conse
quence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10012 c for Gob
blers and lO^llc for Hens; young Turkeys, 16i?!>
17c; Geese, per pair, 76c@Jl; Goslings, 75c<g$l";
Ducks. $2 7f,'&3 for <.ld and *2 So@3 SO for young;
Hens, J3 5005; Roosters, young. J6-S7 DO: Roos
ters, old. J3 30(54 50: Fryers. JS.ISC: Broilers.
$4<y>4 M) for large. J2 50@3 50 for small: Pigeons,
Jl 6001 75 per dozen for young and jl 25iSl 50
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, -ESE AND EGOS.
Another adrance in Butter Is noted and the
market is firm. Eggs and Cheese continue
weak and quiet.
BUTTER— ' %V,
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18^@19c; sec
onds. 17©17Hc.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16@17Hc; common
grades. 15c.
Eastern Butter— packed. 14@150 per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild ■ new. 8c; old, 7@
7Hc: Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
B@9c: Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Eggs. lß@l6c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@l2V4c; Eastern, 124@16c; Duck
; Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRuS FRUITS. '
Not for years has there been so little fruit
In the market as to-day. Apricots are scarce
and are still higher in bulk and Plums and
Peaches are in limited supply. Figs, too, • are
rather scarce. ; Pears are hardly seen, and the
few here are poor and small. As the season
advances the ravages of the frost last spring
become dally more apparent. Very few Cher
ries are now seen. The demand, however, is
not sharp, so there la no radical advance in
anything.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2 50®3 per chest for large and !
$6<ff6 for small.
Black. Cherries, 2"i?i;4Oc; Royal Annes. 25@40c:
loose Cherries, l'*'{?3'..c per ; lb for black and
2<7?2>4c for Royal Anne.
Figs, 35W50C per box for single and 50@75c for
double layers.
Seedless White Grapes from Yuma, $1 25 per
crate: Black Grapes, $1 60. -
Blackberries, $25?4 per chest.
Currants. $1 BOOS 50 per chest. .
Plums. 50j?7Sc per crate and 2.V5650 p*i" box.
Apricots. 50055 C per box and 75c@U per crate
and $30060- per ton In bulk. .
Peaches, 30@65c per .box, 30"5G5c per basket.
Raspberries. $4@* per chest.
New Apples, 40<g'50c per small and 60c@$l 25
per large box. . ■ ' : . ■■ .
Bartlett Pears, .sl@l 25 . per box for good
stock.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@2 50;
Seedlings, 50cff«l: Lemons, :$1 2562 for com
mon and $2 50*73 Whfor good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, Jsf/7; Bananas, $1 25g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, J3(g4 rver dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
There is nothing new, trade being dull all
around.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, . carload . lots. 4%"?
5c for 40-m's, 4U®4%c for 50-60' s. 3&@4c for
6rt-70's, 3W}V~c. for 70-SO's, 2^i«T3c for 80-90" s, 2V4
«?2%c for 90-100'r; Peaches. 3@sc; fancy. sW<f
6c; peeled, 10#12Uc; new Apricots, B©9c for
Royals; old Apricots, .Gig 64c for Royals and
7GJBcfor good to fancy Moorparks: Evapo
rated Apples, 7HOSe: sun-dried, 4"* T se: Black
Figs, in sacks. l<aZVic; Plums. 4%@4%c for
pitted and lVi<ffl%c for unpltted; bleached
Plums. iitfj.'iHc: Nectarines, '4!j?sc for prime to
fancy: Pears. 21-.(ff4'*c2 1 -.(ff4'*c for quarters and 3@sVjc
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2%(g3c for
three-crown, V\f(3*&c' for four-crown. 4%c for
Seedless Sultanas. .2^o for Seedless Muscatels
and ilfil 13 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2Hc. '--.-, .
NUTS— Walnuts. . 3<ff4e for hardshell. 4if?Rc for
BOfUbell; Almonds, 3(?4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
poftshell, B%iff9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5Hc for Eastern «nd 4'4c for California; Pe
cans. 6%<??Sc;- Filberts, 9V4«!hoc; Brazil Nuts,
B£r9c per Ib; Cocoanuts.' $4 50@u per 100.
HONEY— Comb. ; 9@loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water- whit* extracted, 5%@
6c; light amber extracted, V 4%igs%c per It). ■
BEESWAX-24@26c per IT).
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene In tierces Is lower.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9c per It) for
heavy. 9%c ■ for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12<gil2V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured '= Hams. 10%iSnic; Cali
fornia Hams. 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. 19; extra prime Pork. $10;. extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12«.12V*c per
It).
— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Th
for compound and 8c for pure; palls, S%ej
California tierces, 5V&c per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7^4c; 10-tb tins,
8c; 5-n> tins. R',o.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c- packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-rb pails. 60 in a case. 9V&c;
3-Ib pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-Tb palls, 12 in a
case, BV4c; 10-lb pails, 6' in a case, B%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs, net. BHc; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7^c; half
barrels, about -110 lbs, ~\c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
hides are easy at the decline. Woal and
Hops are unchanged and dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lOVie; medium, 9V4c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9V4c; Stags, 6>£c; salted Kip, 9@9^c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; cull 6 and
brands, 12Q12Hc; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, ISc: Goatskins. 27'4W30c; medium, 50c;
winter. We; Sheepskins shearlings. l. r .<fi2?>c each;
short wool, 30^400 caclj; medium, Mo6Oc; long
wool. ftOr((jsl 10 each; Horsehldes, Halt, $2^2 50
for large and $1(32 for small: Colts. 50c. Horse
hMes, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
COc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Mj<?3?ic per n>:
Xn. 2. 2Vi'rt3c; refined. 4Vi'iTi'/ t c; Grease. 2c.
WOOl,— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 7i??10r;
freo Nnrthprn. S'ftKc. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9(g'llc: San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<srl4c; do. defective. lOQUc;
Middle county. 13.fi16c; Humboldt and Mendo
rlno, 15(Jil7c; Nevada, 10-cfHc; Eastern Oregon,
W|l2r; Valley Oregon. If.tfn7e.
lIOPB— IS37 9@l2Vfec p«r It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm at the advance already noted.
The other inscriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
HREF— First quality, 6V*e; second quality,
BH©Cc; third quality, 4H®»Hc per rb.
VF.AI.r- Large. 4®sc; small, 6@7c per !b.
MUTTON— Wethers, ; 7%<g:Bc; Ewes, 7@7Hc
per IT).
LAMB-Rpring. SWSHc per It).
PORK— Live Horp. 4'*>r?r r.c- for large, S'^Blic
for medium. and 4^@4Vic for small; stock Hogs,
2ff3Vsc; dressed Hogs, 7©"Sc.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, sigsHc; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 pcr v ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, : $6: Bryant, . $6; Coos . Bay, *5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 In bulk end $11 BO In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel.- $10 per ton; Rock Springs .-nd Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, 112 per ton In bulk and $14 in
Backs. •
SUGAR— The Western \ Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash:;. Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, fie; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, l%c; Magnolia xA. 5V4c; Extra C.
6%c; Golden C, s^c; California A, s%o.per lb;
half-barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
He; more. '. ip : v* ■--f:>VV>.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
From July 2 to July 6.
Flour, qr sks ... 63,332 Wool, bales ..... 1,271
Wheat, ctls 1,520 Pelts, bdls ...... 944
Barley, ctls ...... 1,655 Hides, no .:...... 2.302
Oats, ctls -...;....'. 2,790 Eggs,, doz ....... 64, 850
Cheese, ctls ..... 137 Leather, rolls ... 30!)
Butter, ctls .; 1,156 Wine, pals .....". 91,350
Tallow, ctls ' ■■- 244 Brandy, gals .... 6,000
Beans, sks* ...... 1,4.14 Raisins, bxs /.....' 1.450
Potatoes sks ... 8.815 LurAber, ft....;.-.-. 10,000
Onions. sks- '2.64G Sugar, bbls 25
Hay, tons 1,083 Lime,- bbls 162
Straw, tons '...;." 10 Quicksilver, flak. 282
Hops, bales ■ '45
'■ OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... . s,s22 lMiddllngs. , ska .. 363
Wheat, ct15: ..... . 15 1 Shorts, ska ..... J. 500
Barley, ctls 1,140 Hay, tons ........ 85
Oats, ctls 6.2STt|Hops. -bales ..... 45
Bran. 3.823 1 Wool, balea 66
WASHINGTON. .
1 Flour, qr ska ... 6,160 1 Barley, ctls ..... 4,520
I Wheat, ctls-.....- 2.250 Middlings, sks .. 1,200
Oats, ctls ...;... .1,630 1 Shorts, ska ..... 135
Bran, sks .... 7.557 . . -
UTAH.
Hay, tons '........' : 10"'"V" •
' . ■■"" ""-' — »"♦ . '■ "' ■ V. . i, .
There are two (great walls ■; In i' China
one Is, 40 feet -thick, and 50 feet high, and
surrounds Peking. •Itlls -16 miles In cir
cumference. ; ; The other— the Great-, Wall
of China— is nearly 1300 miles long, and
was built 2115 years ago— years B. 1 C.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading In mining stocks continued at a
| standstill on account of the uncer
i talnty concerning the requirements of the new
' stamp law. Th-re were no transactions in the
morning; and tut few in the afternoon. The
committee appointed by the San Francisco
i Eoard to wait upon the Collector of Internal
I Revenue fir i decision reported that the Col
; lector had jeferred them to Washington for
i light on me matter, and that in the mean
time th* ooard could go on with business ns
| usual. J'ht board accordingly sent a telegram
! of inquiry to Senator Perkins, and pending an
i answer will transact business as before.
I In local securities trading was limited and
| prices sin-wed no violent changes.
The Alaska backers" Association has-de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 75c w per
share, payable on July 12.
The Chollar assessment of 15c per share will
be delinquent in the boards to-day.
The Savage assessment of 10c per share was
delinquent In the boards yesterday and will
be delinquent in office to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 6—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Aek.
IT S Tends— Oakland Gas.. 50 52
Is quar c0up..1104111'4 Pac Gas Imp.. $4 86
4s quar reg. . .HOVill l'.j, Pac L. Co 484 43V£
■ «h quar new...l24£l2Stt s F G & E... 85% 56%,
| Miscellaneous— San Fran 34 3H
| Cal-st Cab ss. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
I Cal El 6s 125 — , Insurance —
I C C Wat :5... !>o 98 Firem's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98t4 1 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 OS
F&C\ Ry 6s. 113 114 Bank of Ca1.. 244 250
Geary-«t R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 97 100
HC & S 64*.. 100 105 First Nat 2024 —
L A Li Co 6s. — 100 Urn P & A. ...1274130
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 63..123U — Nev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist M 55.. 113^ — Pavings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97H'Ger S & L,.. — 1650
NCNG Ry 7b. — — " Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .105 109 Mutual Say. — 424
N* Ry Cal 55. .102 103 S F Say U.. <190 —
NPC R R 55. 100 — S & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gaa 55.... 100 — iSecurlty 8 8.250 —
Do 2d is 5b.. — 110 'Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 128%128 I Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California ....105 108
P& Ci Ry 6s. — 106 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st ....534 54
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6 8
Sate Elecßyos.loo — I Powder—
B F & N P 58.106 — California ....120 160
SierraßCal 6b. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
SPof Ar 65.. 103% — Giant Con Co. 48% 49%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Vlgorit 3% 34
SPClscft^s.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S P Tr 6s 113 — Al Pac Assn.. 93M 944
8 V Wat 65...116^4— 3er hi Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45...102%102Vi Hana P C 0.... 114 —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — HC * S Co.. 24Vi 244
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50 51
Contra Costa.. 50 64 'Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln tro 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
I Spring Valley. 994 994 Oceanic S Co. 57 5S
Gas it Electric— I Pac A F L..... 1% Wi
Cent Gaslight. los — IPac Bot C 0....100. ...100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 IPar Paint Co. 7 —
• .>J.- Morning Session.
25 Spring Valley Water ; 99 25
50 do do 99 37%
25 do do s 10...:........... 99 37%
25 do do s 30 99 25
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
2 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 75
Street—
$25,000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 116 87%
56 Spring Valley Water 99 25
■ Afternoon Session.
$2000 S P of A Bonds 104 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
Street—
10 Spring Valley Water.. 99 37%
150 Hana Plantation Co 11 75
10 Market-street Railway. 58 75
j INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
60 Hutchlnson S P C 0....... ..49 75
MS F Gas & Electric C 0.... 85 75
Street—
60 Market-street Railway 53 75
20 Spring Valley Water 99 25
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
I 200 Andes 061800 14
! 200 Best & Belcher. 141100 :. 15
j 100 Challenge... 11 500 Ophlr 20
:00 Chollar OC 100 Potosi 05
' 300 Con Cal & Va.. 20 200 Savage 14
I 600 21 160 Sierra Nevada.. 61
i »00 Gould & Curry.. 09 100 Union Con 18
! 100 Mexican 13 100 17
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board Board yesterday: ■■■*-."■. ' : '\
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 05 200 Gould & Curry.. 09
50« Best & Belcher. 16 500 Justice 06
400 Caledonia 17 200 Mexican 14
800 19 400 Ophir ....19
JOO Chollar 06 500 Overman 05
400 .05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i - Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 "07
Andes — 06 Kentuck — 06
Belcher 04 C 6 Lady Wash ... — 02
Beet & Belcher 14 15 Mexican 14 15
Bullion — 05 Occidental 55 —
Caledonia ...... 19 21 Ophir 18 20
Chollar 04 05 Overman 03 05
Challenge Con. 10 12 Potosi 03 05
Confidence 25 30 Savage 14 15
Con Cal & Va. 20 21 iSeg Belcher ... — 06
Con Imperial .. — 01 j Scorpion — 02
Crown Point .. 03 04 Sierra Nevada. 60 51
Con New York. — 02 Silver Hill 03 05
Eureka Con ... — 20 Syndicate — 02
Exchequer — 03 Standard 150 160
Gould & Curry. OS 10 Union Con ..... 17 18
Hale & Norcrs. 60 55! Utah 02 03
Julia — 02 Yellow. Jacket. 13 14
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emma H. Bertheau (wife of Max A.) to Max
A. Bertheau, lot on E line of Gough street. 926
S of Vallejo, S 22:6 by X 115; $1".
Isabella Van Winkle to H. and Johanna Pox
nanskl. lot on N line of Grove street. 82-6 E
of Gough, E 27:6 by N 65:9; $3250.
Emily M. Reynolds (wife of John) to Casl
miro Antonloll, lot on S line of L'nlon street
37:fi W of Laguna, W 50 by S 100; $10.
Emll Rosendorn to Rosalie Rosendorn, lot ot»
N line of Post street, 62 :« Eof Scott, E25 b>
N 87:8; gift.
Frank Mortnn to Isabel W. Morton, lot on
S line of Washington street, 103:1^4 E of Wal
nut, E 34:4!* by S 127:5<,;: gift.
Timothy F. Connolly to Delia Connolly lot
on E line of Chattanooga street, 208 S of Twen
ty-first. S 26 by E 125; gift.
George and Elizabeth Mearns to Caroline E
Peery, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street
75 W of York. W 25 by N 104, quitclaim deed'
slo.
Caroline E. and Charles S. Peery to George
and Elizabeth Herold. lot on N line of Twen.
ty-fourth street. 50 W of York. W 50 by N 104
$4300.
Timothy F. Connolly to Delia Connolly lot
on W line of Fair Oaks ftreet. 150 S of Twenty
fourth, S :>0 by W 125; gift.
Lisette Kleebauer (wife of F. C.) to John L.
Bo wen, re- record IM3 d 359, lot on N line of
Twenty-sixth Etreet, 190 E of Castro, E 25 by
N 114; $1. j^
Mary A. Smitn to Alexander, Catherine and
Theresa B. O'Brien and Elizabeth Cosper, un
divided one-sixth of lot on SB corner of L*av
enworth street and Broadway, E 68 by S 40'
$600.
Julia ant! J. J. Raver to Potrero Nuevo Land
Company, undivided four-ninths of lot on SW
corner of Vermont and Eighteenth fSolano)
streets, W 47, S to Vermont, 50 N of Nine
teenth, N 350; also undivided one-half of lot
on E line of lowa street. 37". S of Twenty-third
(Nevada). S 58 by E 100; $5.
Ralph L. and Georgia A. Hathorn to same,
all interest In lot on NE corner of Nineteenth
(Hutte) and Vermont streets, Is* 140 by E 100-
SSOO.
Joseph and Sarah Nnphtaly, David Freiden
rlch, Charles L. and Carrie Ackerman, Jacob
J. and Julia M. Raver to samp, lnt on S\V
corner of Vermont and Eighteenth (Solano>
streets. S 327, N 340 to S line of Eighteenth. 4S
W of Vermont, E 48; $1.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to Ralph L.
Hathorn, undivided four-ninths of lot on S\V
corner of Vermont and Eichteenth (Solano)
streets. W 47, S to Vermont, 50 N of Nine
teenth, N 350: also undivided one-half of lnt on
E line of lowa street. 375 S of Twenty-third
S 58 by E 100. $500; also all interest In same
(two pieces) : $5.
Alameda County.
Victor L. O'Brien to John and Trains Man
row, lot on N line of Fourth street. 125 W of
Castro. W 25 by N 100, block 48, Oakland: $10
Guy C. and Ella F. Earl to F. L. Hammond,
lot on E line of Adeline etreet, 50 s of Tenth
S 35 by E 100. block 546. Oakland; $1100.
Annie R. and R. S. Leckle to Hannah Rls
trem, lot on SW line of Sunnyside avenue
276.73 NW from N line of Oakland avenue NW
60 by SW 100. being lots 11 and 12. block C
Sather Tract, Oakland Township: $1000
H. M. and Mary S. Allen to Kate Showell
lot on S line of Calhoun street. 131:7 E of Re
gent. E 45 by S 100, being lot IS, Boulevard
Tract. Alameda; $450.
Clark Avery to Charles F. Avery. lots 53 and
54, Peralta Avenue Tract, quitclaim deed
Brooklyn Township; $500.
J. A. and Margaret Eastman, Emily X
Latham, J. J. Bucks and Sarah M. Morkert
(by commissioner) to Edwin de la Rue. lot 17
block D, Latham Terrace, Brooklyn Terrace';
W. H. H. Hart and Mary E. ' Burdlck (by
sheriff) to Frank O'Neal, lots 34 to 38 41 to
44. 51 to F. 6, Map of Linden Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; $3000.
William J. Bowman to Newton A. Koser
lot on SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Baker street. W 127.60, S 83. C8. Eto W Baker
N 90.62 to beginning, block 3. Amended Ma D
Butler Tract. Oakland Annex; $1.
Joseph A. I^onard Company (a corporation)
to Alameda Savings Bank, lot on E line of
Cedar street. 120 S of Clinton avenue S 40 by
E 130. being lot S, block C. Belleviie Tract
Alameda: $1.
Jacob and Mary Rosenberg to John M. San
tana. 1 acre, beginning in middle of Easta
hrook street at common corner blocks 10 and
11. Map of Harlan'B Addition to San Leandro
thence 5E589.83 feet. S 77.08 feet. NW 617 6S
feet. NE 72.20 feet to beginning, being portion
block 11. Harlan's Addition to San Leandro
Eden Township; $10.
Telegraph avenue, S 14D.64. W 40. N 153 20 E
40.18 to be ginning, being lot 15. Knox Park,
subject to a mortgage for $2500. Oakland; $1250.
Michael and Marie M. Foley to James Cor
ley, lot on W line of Magnolia street, 90:6 S
« Fourteenth, S 37 :G by W 133:3. block 575,
subject to a mortgage for $1350, Oakland: $10.
\\ arren A. and L. M. Montgomery to J. H.
Kelson, lot 23, block C. Parsons Golden Gate
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $175. Oak
land Annex; Jio.
Arthur H. and Ella Inwood to Rosina V. In
wood, lots 54 to 57. block F. Amended map
Chrlstlania. Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Henry J. and Louise A. Murr to Sybil P.
£ , e> A n on E line °f Second avenue. 140
S of Orchard. 8 35:6 by E 150. being lot 14,
block F, Stone Trs-t, Brooklyn Township; $165.
Man- E., Carrie G. and J. C. Gllfon to Dan-
H 1 S* Fallnn, lots 7 and 8. block F. of J. A.
Aeal k Revised Plan of Town of Pleasanton,
to correct former deed, quitclaim deed. Murray
Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
WelK Farfro & Co. (owners) with Parafflne
1 . a1 ?, t Company (contractors), architects Percy
j & Hamilton. All rooting work and flashings
| for a 6-Ptory brlrk building on NW corner of
i Mission and Second streets. NW 160 by NE 112;
I CONQUEST OF THE PirLIPPINES.
The assertion made in some quarters
that it will taJte 50,000 United States
I soldiers to finish the conquest of the
I Philippines is absurd. About 20.000
j Spanish soldiers are said to be in the
islands now. This force was sent there
to quell the rebellion, and was in the
j islands long before the war with the
United States began. With the help of
Dewey's fleet 12,000 or 15,000 American
soldiers could capture these 20,000 Span
ish troops, even if the insurgents give
no aid. The insurgents, however, are
likely to afford some help. Possibly
after the Spaniards are driven out some
of the rebels may be a little trouble
some to the United States for a time,
but the peril from this source is not
likely to be formidable. A force which
can conquer the Spaniard z in the is
| lands can easily hold them afterward,
and an army of 15,000 probably would
be ample for this work, but the earlier
the army gets to the islands the easier
the work is likely to be. — St. Louis
! Globe-Democrat.
THE CALL CALENDER.
July, IS9B.
Su.
Mo
Tn.
Moon* Phaww.
4
11
IS
©Full Mooa.
July 8.
,«rLast Quarter.
U. July 10.
/2v New Moon,
W July 18.
~~r.
20
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Treasury Department, Office of the Lighthouse
Board, Washington, D. C, July 1, IS9B.
TAMPA BAY.
Notice is hereby given that on or about July
11, 189S, the following changes will be made in
the lights marking the dredged cuts from
Tampa Bay to Old Tampa Bay:
South Cut Lights— This fixed red lens lantern
light will be permanently established close to
the easterly side of the southerly entrance to
the South Cut, about 1000 feet southwesterly
from its present location. The height of the
light will then be 33 instead of 3S feet above
the water.
While the structure from which the light is
now exhibited Is being moved to Its new loca
tion the light will be temporarily shown from
Beacon No. 6, the red five-pile structure on the
easterly side of the southerly entrance to
fiouth Cut.
North Cut Light— This fixed r»d lens lantern
light will be permanently p?tal>llshed close to
the easterly side of the. southerly entrance to
the North Cut, about 600 fret westerly from its
present location. The height of the light will
then be 33 Instead of 3S feet above the water.
While the structure from which the light Is
now exhibited is being moved to its new loca
tion the light will be tempararlly shown from
Beacon No. 10, the red five-pile structure on the
easterly side of the southerly entrance to
North Cut.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, 1897."
page 145. Xos. Sol and 852. respectively, and the
"List of Beacons and Buoys, Seventh Light
house District, 1597," page 46.
TRINIDAD HEAD LIGHT STATION.
Notice la hereby given that on or about July 1
15, ISOT, a 4000-pound bell will be establish*-*! i
at this station, on Trinidad Head, to be struck '
by machinery, during thick or foggy weather, j
a single blow every ten seconds.
The fog signal house is white, with a red
roof, and its front is supported on a white
trestle, 126 feet above sea level.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1597." page 16, No.
1025, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1897," page 30..
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FREDERICK V. McNAIR.
Commodore, U. S. N., Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and nail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building;, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before no< n and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JULY— IB9B.
Thursday, July 7.
Sun " rises 4:54
Sun sets 7:35
Moon rises .. 10:02 p. m.
Feet.
Feet.! IFeet.
i Mil
B.o| 8:21, 2.3
8.2| 9:32 2.2
5.2| 10:46 1.9
6.2! 11:56 1.6
!H W
■ldJ
2:17
3:25
4:42
6:10
L W
! 1:02
I 2:05
n w
I
i 6.4
4.9
4.3
7:56
5:39
9:2fi
! 10:13
11:05
H W
7:45
9:09
I
— 0.3J 2:1
O.l| 3::
0.7| 4:
1.3| I?
1.9 $:,
3.5 11 :i
3.6 12: i
1.1
8.3| |
H W
2.T. 6:40 6.4
3.0 7:27 5.4
l-.l
0.6
2.
3.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide :
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but \
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights !
given are additions to the soundings on the '
United' States Coast Survey charts, except :
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. , The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrography Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. July
6, 1803. ■
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building. was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. V c.V . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8 ;
p. m. Greenwich mean time."
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ' Due.
rescent City.. Crescent City July 7
r.icklnaw Tacoma July 7
omona ISan Diego July 8
olumbia [Portland July S
htlkat jHumboldt July 8
impire [Coos Bay July 8
an Jcse [Panama ...July 9
lorth Fork |Humboldt July 9
Vashtenaw JTacoma IJuly 9
ulton (Portland |July 9
lomer INewport [July 10
Surma INanaimo July 10
'inert-how Departure Bay July 10
an Mateo Comnx iJuly 10
cotla Humboldt IJuly 10
rizaba |Humboldt |july li
.'alia ■Wa11a...! Victoria & Puset Sound July 11
IVllington [Departure Bay July 11
nilamette jSeattle July 11
uracoa (Mexico July 12
anta Rosa |Pan Die^o July 12
tateCallfornla|Portland July 12
ltanla.... INanaimo July 12
.rcata ICoos Buy July 13
oos Bay [Newport July 14
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Orizaba Humboldt ]July 7, 10 amiPler 9
Arcata Cons Bay ijuly 7, 10 amlPler 13
Coptic !Chlna&Japan|july 7, 1 pmjPMSS
Coos Bay... I Newport |July 8. 9 amlPier 11
Acapulco ..iPar.ama IJuly 8, 12 m,PMHS
Cy PanamajMe.v &O. A. .l July 9. 12 m|PMSS
Columbia .. Portland iJuly 10, 10 am! Pier IJ
Pomona — San Diego } July 10. 11 am j Pier 11
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. IJuly 10, 10 am Pier 9
Chilkat ....jHumboldt .... July 10, 9 am!Pler 11
Homer Newport July 12. 9 am' Pier 11
Fulton <Oroi.'on Ports. July 12. 8 am; Pier 20
Alameda .JSydney.. .......jjuly 13. 2pm Pier T
Orizaba .... Hnmboldt ....jjuly II
North Fork ! Humboldt ....(July 13
Santa Rosa'Snn Dleso....|Jnly 14, 11 amlPler U
State %f Cal Portland July H, 10 amPicr 13
SHIVPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July <J.
Rtmr Coos Bay, Hall, 88 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 8S h^urs from Seen!*.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. — hours from Victor!*
Tug Rescue. Thomson. 12 days from Astoria.
with raft of lumber io tow.
Prlir Beulah, 81ft'" ell, 4 days from Gray«
Harbor.
CLftAREP.
Wednesday, July 6.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nana'mai
R Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July A.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dlegc.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, Port Harford.
Stmr Sunol, Bettmers.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons. San Diego.
Ptmr State of California, Thomas. Astort*.
Stmr Signal, Bondegaard. Grays Harbor.
Schr Conflanza. Jegsen, Coqutlle River.
Pchr Coquelle, Pearson. Coquille River.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Pione«r, Mikkelsen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— JuIy 6, 19 p. m.— Weathe*
foggy; wind SW; velocity 18 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Rescue— Picked up this half of raft 11
hours after it broke in two.
MISCELLANEOUS..
CHEFOO, June 23— Br stmr Amarapoora, pre
viously reported ashore, apparently not much
damaged. Cargo must be discharged before
floating her. Cost of floating will exceed her
value. Sale recommended.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 6— Stmr Empire, ho
July 2
TATOOSH— Passed July 6— Stmr Willamette,
hence July 2 for Seattle; bark Prussia hence
June 21 for Port Tovnsend: schr W F Wltze
mann, from Che^atnus for Tientsin.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July ft-Schr
Vega, hence June 23: bktn Newsboy, frm Taku.
X. PAL— Arrived July 6— Stmr Hueneme, hence
July 5
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 3— Schr John
F Miller, for Redondo.
Arrived July s— Schr Lucy, from San P»dro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 6— Stmr Coqullto
Riwr, for San Francisco.
EUREKA- Arrived July 6— Stmr Chilkat. ho
July 4
ST MlCHAEL— Arrived June 15— Schr Gen W
Watson, fi-rvm Seattle, and sailed June 22 for
Kotzf-bue Round.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 6— Schr Cha«
E Falk. hence June 21.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 6— Bktn
Quickstep, from Hakodate.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Alcazar.
VSAL— Sailed July 6— Stmr Newsboy, for Saa
VENT I'R A— Arrived July 6— Stmr G Loorals,
hence July 5, and sailed for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 6— Schr New
bury. h^nce July 5.
ASTORlA— bailed July 6— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July e-Stmr Willamette,
hence July 2.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared July s— Ship Tlllto
E Starbuck, for Portland.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— A rriveu July 6— Br stmr Mo
ana, hence June 16.
ANTWERP— In port June 22— Br bark Bru
nei, for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed July 4— Stmr Flnanca, for
New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 29— Br st-nr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
NANAlMO— Arrived July 6— Ship TVachusett.
from Unalaska.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed July 6— Stmr Curaco,
for Pan Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 4— Br strat Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed July 4-Br ship
Clackmannanshlre. for Oregon.
OCEJLN TSAVjOL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
IfcL .'. Steamers leave :B?o&4wajP.
Ksh«j»_ wharf. San Francisco.
?s?*l for Alaskan ports, 13 a. ra..
; UDfwJßg^ July 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. SO; August
I i«H. ES&VSa *• transfer at Seattle.
IffßaW 3Tll For Alaskan ports (from
HEgWfAHI Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
<^"**^sPH2fi\ July 17, August 4, 2", transfer
at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, V&nceurtir (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Bverutt.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Waal: ), 10 a.
m.. July 5, 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska ana U. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
July 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, August 6. and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Bar. Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. July 4. 8, 12, lit, tO, 24. 28.
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port i
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). ■ 11
a. m.. July 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26, SO, August »,
and every fourth day thereafter. ■ ,
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Santa Rosa-
, lia and Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m,. July 17,
August 14. . : ; i V •■•-
For further Information obtain folder.
i The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers. Balling dates
and hours of calling. ■ . ' .'
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New | Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel* - .''.-':<:
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. Sa:\ Pranjtsco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
MBPATCH FAfIT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Inciuilnf? BertM
IrlflL «8 Second Class and Meals, i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: '.
Columbia July 2. 10, IS, 26
| State of California: July 6. 14. 22, 30
St. Paul .$l6 00 St. Louis *32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 4 ... 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York ...;... 31 oa
E. C. WARD, Genera! A^ent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. \\ > •;•:;
Superintendents. : >
Compagnie Generals Transatlantics.
Freno'J Line to Havre. 5
Company's Pier m™' 1 42 North ,«•£»•
; River, foot of Morton st. Travelers * > *gTjS
by this lino avoid both transit O y^M«BB».
I English railway and the discomfort of- cro«-il
the channel In a small boat. New York to.
' Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, firs:, class, JIiHJ;
second class JUS- _ ■ •;
LA toitß/Ma'E July 9.10 a.m.
LA NORMANDIE July 16. 10 a. m. ,i>»,
LA BRKTAOX^ July 23, 10 a. m. ■ ▼
LA OASCOGNE July £0. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE Aug. A. 10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to ; .
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN- i
' TIQVE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York. ■ :
j . J F. FUGAZI i CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomsry U
I aye.. San Francisco. . ■ ] ;
DIRECT TO PAT?IS, LONDON, : j HAMBURG. .' f
F. Bismarck.... July 2S|F. Bismarck;. August 25 •■ i» '
A. Victoria, ..August 11|A. Victoria. .-,.. Sept. 8 ];
TWIN-SCREW passenger SHRVICH. .
NEW YORK-HA.MBURa d-rect. ;. v*
Pretoria .July 9 (Phoenicia,'. ..;... July to ;
Patr1a........ — July 16|Pennsylvcala...Aug. 8 W
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, 1 N T i
HERZOG A CO.. General Agents .-Paeiflo Ccast"
401 California St.. cor. Sanßome. San Francisco.
PNVlllllfl Wednesday, July is, a t ' J
■ ~^-—^ Wednesday. July 13, at
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 MoHtgQmery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st. San Francisco. j
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. '■
Steamer "Monticeiio." '
Mon., Tues , Wed., Thurß. and 5at."....,./., ''
9:45 *. m. 3:15 p. m. '8:30 p. in. zx. Tnurn.l '■■
Fridays .....................1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays :.. 10:30 a. in. «nd 8 p. a. '
Landing and Offices— Doe*. Pl»r I. >( ■ V- ■
..,, Telephone Red 2241 ■ : , j
Weekly CaH,sl,soprYearDR. PARDEE
IS REALLY
IN EARNEST
Ex -Mayor Is Seriously
Chasing an Elusive Polit
ical Job.
Backed by Vacillating Cohorts, Who Make
Much Anti-Railroad Noise, but the Re
sults Never Disturb Hunting
ton's Interests.
OAKLAND. July 6.— As wns to be ex
pected, Dr. Pardee'a Oakland organ, the
Enquirer, rushes madly to thru candi
date's defense, who is smarting under the
exposures made of his method of doing
politics by The Call. Why Dr. Pardee
should tnke his candidacy seriously is
much more than the substantial Republi
cans of Oakland and Alameda County
can surmise. The man never has been
anything other than a job-chaser and a
peanut politician, and cares no more for
the principles of the Republican party
than he does for the various members
of the "Courthouse gang" of Oakland,
with whom he has lately formed an alli
ance. A few years ago When this same
Pardee was voting tican tick
et and running for Mayor of Oakland
with the Non-Partisan nomination in his
pocket, he was nightly niakii ;
denouncing the Prod Campbell*,
ililes Doodys, the Mike bialllhans, the
Biily Dargios, and styling them the
"gang." To-day he Is "cheek by jowl"
with these same gentlemen with the sup
plementary forces of Leslie Blackl
Jim McClellan. Frank liarnett. Will
church and the rest, to say nothing of
Guy C. Karl, who does the smooth work
for the railroad monopoly on the Oakland
Fide of the bay.
When Steve Gage picked out Earl to
represent the old vrooman district he in
tended him as a reaching pole^f or new
lines. The Christian element was his
oyster. Through Karl new channels in
politics were to be opened. One of them
was Supervisor Mitchell, who will be re
membered as throwing down the people
last year in the Alameda Board of Equal
ization. This culprit was the creature of
Earl, the creature of Gage. Earl now is
the General B!.-: Pardee's cohorts.
When in the Legislature Karl could safe
ly be depended on by the railroad and
his slick work at Sacramento on behalf
of the monopoly is a matter of common
talk to-day.
Then there is Assessor Dal ton. who
always strikes so hard at the railroad
that In falling short he breaks his own
arm. Dalton was one of Pardee's candi
dates for the Council some years ago- He
went to thre railroad and demanded its
support in the First Ward, which is polit
ically owned by the railroad. He was
elected, and at once began an onslaught
on the monopoly. He caused the gates to
be put on the Oakland local trains to the
Immense profit of the railroad ev< r since.
})' caused litigation to be commenced
against the company fi kland
water front, the result of whicli was that
the city of Oakland lost every point by it,
and to-day as Assessor of Alameda Coun
ty he is compelled to acknowledge the
railroad's ownership by assessing to it
the entire property along the shore of the
city. As Assessor his levy has been so
muddled that by playing into the hands
of Supervisors Mitchell, Church and other
Pardee men his figures have always
been cut down, until to-day the railroad
bus less to fear in Alameda County in
shirking its legal responsibilities than in
any o.her e«urty in the Stato.
These fellows— thes. boomers —
are slirk workers. They make more anti
railroad clap-trap than all the honest men
in the county, and yet the n suits of their
work never hurt Huntingtun's interests
here.
Their organ, the Enquirer, was acquired
for bulldozing the county candidatt
local corporations Into supporting the
Pardee programme. All who fail to en
list under the banner of Swashbuckler
Pardee are to come under thi- Enquirer's
ban when the county fight comes along.
The streetcar linos of iho city, the wa
ter companies, tho banks, the riv.-,; news
papers anl all potent factors
lined up for Pai '• so
that thfir influent- Is Insig The
departments of th* chy g
far as can be ha- I i up,
the Health Board, the the
firemen and all enjoying public patr
will be whipped Into
Doc Pardee's style of campaigning. Even
the School Department has been drawn
on by this buccaneer to aid bis
unholy aspiration. In fact. Pardee will j
Ftop at nothing to win th.- a, not
excepting a rowdy canvass of the bar
rooms of Pleasanton to a combination
with the railroad porters of the First and j
MORE OF THE
RAFT ARRIVES
Another Section Towed
Into Port.
MUCH LUMBER WAS LOST
MARSHAL'S AND SHEBIFP'S
DEPUTIES AT OUTS.
One Was in Charge of the Biver
Steamer City of Dawson and
the Other of the Bive*
Tug Tiger.
The second section of the big raft
reached port yesterday In tow of the tug
Rescue. After the mass of lumber broko
In two off Crescent City the Monarch held
on to one portion of It and towed It into
port last Tuesday. The Rescue went In
pearch of the derelict, but it drifted forty
miles before the tug caught up with it.
Then thr-re was another delay until the
heavy Ben. running had in a measure gone
down, after which the work of making
fast began. During this process the tug
wns slightly damaged by being thrown
against the mass of lumber, but $100 will
put her in as good trim as ever she was.
•'uptain Thompson says it was hard work
to make fast to his tow and alow work
getting here. The owners of the raft cai
culate that by the break they lost a mil
lion feet of lumber, but nevertheless they
are satisfied with the outcome of the ven
ture.
Since the wrpok of the river steamers
Game Cock and Stag Hound the inspect
ors of hulls and boilers have decided that
port with passengers aboard. In future
no vessels of that class shall leave this
river steamers that are to be towed to
the Yukon will be classed as barges and
will.be thoroughly inspected before they
are allowed to leave port. This will bo a
damper on the party of gold hunters who
were figuring on going north with the
City of Dawson when the litigation over
that vessel is at on end. The men whose
good money is invested in the City of
Dawson have- played in very hard luck
eince the Inception of the venture
The tug Wizard, now at Portland, is
to tow the steH sldewheel ferry boat O
R. & N. No. 2 to this city. She has been
riurchaeed by the Vallejo Ferry Company
1 Fourth wards. He has promised every
thing-. Including Tinhorn his renomination
for Congress, Jordan a cinch on County
Clerk, Swing the Auditorship, Church
the Supervlsorship from the Fourth Ward.
which also happens to be the home of
Pardee. This, of course, Pardee's conorts
will deny, but as Church has always been
1 everything that Pardee has professed not
to be, the question- may be asked and a
, reply found wanting, "Who is against
Church for renomination?"
Then there is little Cuvellier, the rail
! road chattel in the City Council. It is
true that this little "jackanape" has
been suppressed somewhat and told that
his friendship acts as a boomerang. Nev
. ertheless, he is much in evidence in the
Pardee interest in railroad circles and in
non-partisan councils of the city. It is
understood that Cuvellier is to be given
: a pass for Castle Crag when the hostili
ties actually begin and be otherwise
'•gagged. I .'
This is the character of men who are
backing Pardee in Oakland. These are
some of the methods he is using to capture
the delegation from a county that should
I be potential in the Republican State Con
vention. Whether the "push," or, as he
used to call them, "the gang," will be able
to win out for him remains to be ascer
tained. That money will be and is being
used is also certain. Just how far the
scheme will carry is a question, but when
calmly considered it can be termed little
; short of a political sacrilege to see the
influence of the banner Republican county
of California so badly smashed and dis
graced as it will be because of Pardee's
rough and high-handed politics. Alameda
certainly deserves better, and its loyal Re
publicans must be on the alert or the
''gang" will have it bound hand and foot
! for a man whose leadership' in the State
convention will be a menace and a dis
grace.
. » ■
VICE ADMIRAL VILLAMIL
AMONG THE KILLED
He and Captain Legaza Lost Their
Lives in the Running Fight
Off Santiago.
NEW YORK, July 6.— A cablegram
to the Sun from London says: A dis
patch to the Central News from Ha
vana says Admiral Cervera's dispatch
; to Captain General Blanco, sent after
his capture by the Americans, declares
that Vice Admiral Vlllamil and Captain
Legaza were among those killed dur
ing the engagement with the American
: warships. The dispatch adds that the
' disaster to the Spanish squadron has
| caused a painful impression in Havana,
but stiffens the determination to resist
to the bitter end.
WILL INVESTIGATE
CONTRACT FRAUDS
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Soon after
the Senate convened to-day Hoar intro
i duced and secured the adaption of a
resolution that the Committee on Ap
propriations be directed to investigate
and report whether any further secur
| ity is necessary for the protection of the
T'nited States against fraud and ex
1 travagance in contracts, and especially
Fiioh contracts as are necessary for the
.•ution of the existing war. The
committee is directed to make a thor
ough investigation of the subject of
Government contracts.
Girl Cyclist Killed.
REDLANDS, July «.— Rose White, aged
12 years, while riding a bicycle on Orange
street yesterday, lost control of the wheel
j and collided with a team. She was kicked
( on the forehead, her skull being frac
! tured. She lay In an unconscious con
i dition until 5:30 this evening, when she
j died.
and will run between North Vallejo and ;
Mare Island. She is a very comfortable
boat and was used on the Columbia River
for some years until a steel bridge de
stroyed her usefulness/She will take the
place of the steamer Ellen, now on the
route.
At a meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday H. R. Starkhouse was
appointed 'Wharfinger "at Channel street,
vice H. N. Campbell, resigned.
The top of the ferry depot tower and
the timeball are to be painted black at
an expense of $120.
The British ship Ardencraig, which ar
rived here last Tuesday night from New
castle, N. S. "W., had a rough experience
during the voyage. On May 28 she was
struck by a squall that lasted an hour
and a half. It blew away her courses,
topgallant sails, royal and mizzen lower
topsails. The squall blew with terrific
i force.
Captain Lowell of the lightship has a
: grievance against the pilots on the Grade
S. Yesterday as- the pilot boat was going
out on a cruise the captain, who was
! ashore, asked them if they would take
him out and put him aboard the lightship.
This the pilot agreed to do, but as they ,
were not quite ready to go Captain Low
ell asked if he would have time to go
uptown and get some fresh meat for his
men. They agreed to wait for him and
the captain at once started uptown in a
buggy. When ho got back with the meat
the pilot boat. was under way and going
so fast that it was impossible. to catch her
with a Whitehall. The pilots paid no at
tention to his signals and in consequence
Captain Lowell and the fresh meat may
not reach the lightship before to-night
or maybe to-morrow If no tugs are going
out/
The river steamer City of Dawson is
in charge of a Deputy Sheriff and the St.
Michael tug Tiger in possession of a
United States Deputy Marshal. The river
steamer la tied up owing to a dispute be
tween the owners and builders, while the
Tiger was libeled for supplies and work
done on her. Yesterday the Tiger moved
over alongside the City of Dawson and
began scratching off some of the latter's
paint. The Sheriff in charge of the Daw
'■ son got angry and ordered the Deputy
Marshal to move the old vessel away.
! This riled Uncle Sam's representative and
he Invited the local man to come aboard
! his ship , and settle the dispute there.
: Then the Deputy Sheriff attempted to
i cast the Tiger adrift, but got scared
1 when informed that ho '■ was meddling
I with United States property. Finally
Deputy Marshal Monckton and a gang of
assistants were sent down from the Fed
eral building and they placed . a number
of fendi-rs between the two steamers and
so healed a breach that at one time
threatened to develop into open warfare.
The old British tramp steamer Amara
poora may '■ again be put in commission.
After many vicissitudes she went ashore
at Chefu, China, and was given up as a
total wreck. It now turns out that she
is only slightly damaged, and after, her
cargo 'is discharged she ; can be j floated.
As it will cost, as much as she Is, worth
to float her she will probably be sold , for
a song and then taken off. repaired and
likely brought back to San Francisco
once' more. ■"■."- _ ._ ' . i
» • ■ •
Benefit of Sick Soldiers.
A mflltary promenade for the benefit of
the sick soldiers at Camp Merrltt will be
given on next Tuesday evening at Mission
| Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth street. Th«
THE BA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
A MOTHER'S
UNHAPPY LIFE
Fight for Three Pretty
Girls in Court.
WEDDED TWENTY-TWO YEARS
MRS. SCHAEFFER ON THE WIT
NESS STAND.
Peace Did Not Reign in the Wyo
ming Cattle King's Home
When She Left
It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 6.
The first skirmish In the legal battle for
the possession of the children of the Wy
oming cattle baron, Joel J. Hurt, took
place in Judge Ogden's court to-day.
Alphonse Schaeffer. the present husband
of the children's mother, was present in
custody of a police officer, he being under
arrest for felony for attempting to use
his gun on Hurt yesterday in the Sheriff's
office.
Mrs. Schaeffer told her story this morn-
Ing and said that she married Hurt at
Rollins, Wyo., in September, twenty-two
years ago. Six children were born to
them, three boys and three girls, and In
1594 the parents quarreled. In July,
1595, Mrs. Schaeffer says. Hurt com
menced an action for divorce. She
filed a cross-complaint, alleging adultery,
and the Judge denied judgment to the
husband and awarded the decree to the
wife, as well as the custody of tho three
little girls. She says that she was ordered
by the court to remove the children to a
suitable place for their proper education,
and she complied with . the order. She
fled to Denver to avoid the scandal and
persecution to which she alleges her hus
band exposed her. She says her ex-hus
band is a dangerous man, and that in
April, 1596, he committed murder by kill
ing William Milne.
In concluding her evidence Mrs.
Schaeffer told of her happy life with Al
phonse Schaeffer, to whom she was mar
ried at Cheyenne in July of last year.
She says he is kind and dutiful and a.
good husband.
The oldest daughter, Jessie, was put on
the stand to corroborate her mother's
testimony regarding their travels through
Colorado and Mexico, and also to testify
as to the kind character of her stepfather.
Attorney E. M. Gibson, who appeared
for Mrs. Schaeffer, argued against the
admission of the amended decree that
awarded the custody of the children to
Joel Hurt on the ground that a decree of
one State cannot be used in evidence in
another State. He also objected to the
admission of certificates that bore date
July 1. because they were not carrying an
inland revenue stamp, as required by a
recent act of Congress.
Gavin McNab argued in favor of their
admission, and the court took the matter
under advisement till to-morrow morn
ing.
STEREOTYPERS' UNION
LOSES THE STRIKE
Chicago Newspapers Resume Publica-
tion, but in Greatly Reduced
Form.
CHICAGO. July 6.— President Prescott
I of the International Typographical Union,
j who came from Indianapolis to make an
investigation, decided that the strike of
the stereotypers employed on the Chicago
newspapers was illegal and that they
should have adhered to their contracts.
As the Stereotypers 1 Union is subordinate
to the Typographical Union, this decision
opened the way to the newspapers to re
sume publication. Accordingly all of the
morning papers were issued to-day, but
reduced in size — only four pages— the
I stereotypers' plates having been made by
i non-union men. The afternoon papers
also appeared in the same form, having
engaged new men. To-morrow the size
of all the papers will be doubled, and it
i is expected by Friday the usual number
i of pages can be got out".
As the newspaper publishers have
! agreed not to have anything to do with
the Stereotypers' Union hereafter, the
j 200 men who struck last Friday night will
have difficulty in finding work in Chicago,
as many non-union stereotypers from
other cities have come out and more are
said to be on their way.
Struck by a Car.
SANTA BARBARA, July 6.— Mrs. Mary
Swaze, who has been visiting from San
Francisco, was horribly injured about the
face and head to-night. Her carriage was
struck by an electric car.
[ reception Is under the auspices of the la
dles of the Thomas Aquinas Reading Cir
cle, who are doing their utmost to secure
its success. The proceeds will be given to
the Catholic Truth Society for the hospi
tal fund.
An excellent programme will be present
ed. Tlie Tennessee cjuartet has been se
cured through the courtesy of Colonel
Smith of the Firs) Tenn< **
Loper has promised to provide his popu
lar lowa band. A drill by Company G.
League of the Cross Cadets, winners of
the Montgomery trophy for the best
drilled company in this organization, is to
be a leading feature. Vocal numbers will
I be el yon by Charles Deahe of the Tlvoli,
■by Miss Anita Rooney and by "William
' O'Brien. The League of the Cross Cadete
will be represented by two delegates from
each company in this city, who will assist
the reception committee. The decorations
are to be of a military character, and
i light refreshments will be served during
the evening.
DISTINGUISHED VISITOBS.
A Number of Prominent Japanese
Arrive From • the Orient. =
A party of prominent Japanese business
and mining men arrived yesterday from
Tokio by way of Victoria. They are
I connected with one vof the biggest com-
I mercial companies- of Japan, the Mitsui
! corporation, which has establishments In
I the large cities of Japan and agencies all
! over the world. The party Includes T.
Matsbara, who is a mining engineer; Ta
! kuma Dan, manager of the London house;
IT. Makira; I. Ito, president. of the Cen
tral. Tea Association; T. Momosaki and . K.
i Fukui, the manager of the London Prod
j uct Company. ,
Ito will go to the Omaha exhibition In
the Interest of his company, after which
he will .cross over to Paris to make ar
rangements for a Japanese Tea Garden at
! the Paris Exposition. He will also study
! the condition of the tea market both: In
i America and Europe. Most of the party
! will familiarize themselves with the com
mercial conditions of this country and re
: port to the home office the result of their
investigations. . • .
— : ..'♦'.■ ■
Tennessee Regiment to Drill.
Thursday evening next, July 14, the
i First Tennessee Regiment under com
! mand of Colonel W. C. Smith will give a
drill and maneuvers at Mechanics' Pavil
! ion for the benefit of the work of the
: Army Christian Commission. A public
drill glfen by this regiment will no doubt
create great enthusiasm. They were the
first to cross the Mason and Dixon line,
i Colonel Smith is an ex-Confederate offi
cer; was wounded at the battle of South
Mountain, paroled, and crossing the Po
tomac River walked to his home in Vir
ginia. This regiment is comprised largely
; of ex-Confederate officers and the sons
:of ex-Confederate officers. When they
marched out nf the Southland it virtu
ally obliterated the Mason and Dlxon line.
There will be special music, and "The
, Star-spangled Banner" will be sung on
j the occasion. It is expected that Mayor
j Phelan will preside.
. ♦ «
Dustless roads are made possible by
a new material composed of fine earthy
or mineral matter charged with heavy
' oil, plaoed on the leveled bed of ordinary
i roads.
AGREEMENT
WITH DEWEY
Alleged Terms of Agui
naldo Stated.
AS RELATED BY AN AGENT
CONTAIN A PROVISION FOR 4*.
PROTECTORATE.
Philippine torts to Be Free to the
Commerce of All Civilized
Nations of the
World.
Sp«cial Dispatch to Ttoa Call.
NEW YORK, July 6.— A Journal spe
cial from London says: S. C. Valdes, a
native of the Philippines, who was edu
cated in Chicago and Hongkong, has
arrived in London holding power of at
torney from Aguinaldo, the rebel lead
er, to represent the interests of the in
surgents. Valdes says before he left
Manila an agreement waa entered
into between Admiral Dewey and Agui
naldo concerning the future of the Phil
ippines, the classes of which, as they
stand at present, are as follows:
First— The independence of the Phil
ippines shall be proclaimed.
Second— A republic will be establish
ed and the Governor thereof shall be
designated by President Aguinaldo,
subject to the approval of Admiral
Dewey or General Merrltt.
Third— This Government will recog
nize the temporary intervention of
American and European commission
ers, who are for the present to be
designated by Admiral Dewey.
Fourth— An American protectorate
over the islands shall be accepted on
conditions identical with those ar
ranged for Cuba.
Fifth— All the Philippine ports will
be free to the commerce of all na
tions.
Sixth— Such measures regulating Chi
nese immigration to be adopted as will
regulate competition with native labor.
Seventh— Existing Judicial system to
be immediately reformed, and the ad
ministration of Justice to be entrusted
at the outset to a European official.
Eighth— Complete liberty of the press
and association to be declared.
Ninth— General religious toleration to
be proclaimed, but abolition of monas
teries and expulsion of Spanish priests
who have carried on a persecution in
the Philippines to be ordained.
Tenth— Measures shall be adopted to
promote the immediate development of
the natural resources of the country.
Eleventh— Similar measures for the
development of roads and railways.
Twelfth— Laws restricting commercial
undertakings and Investments of for
eign capital In the islands to be abol
ished.
Thirteenth — The new government
will prevent reprisals agalnßt Span
iards and preserve order.
Fourteenth— The Snanish official ele
ment shall be removed to some other
Island until opnortunitr shall arise for
their return to Spain.
HOBSON PROBABLY
HAS BEEN EXCHANGED
Major General Shafter Reports Gen
eral Toral's Acceptance of His
Proposition.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— The War
Department posts the following from
General Shafter:
"Adjutant General, Washington. — In
camp near Santiago, July 5.— 1 am Just
in receipt of a letter from General Toral
agreeing to exchange Hobson and his
men and to make the exchange in the
morning. Yesterday he refused my
proposition to exchange."
Fell From a Roof.
SALINAS, July 6.— While in the loft of
a barn this afternoon Robert Kent, the
7-year-old son of the well-known driver,
Bert Kent, fell a distance of ten feet, re
ceiving injuries from which he died come
hours later.
FINE HUNTING DOGS
FOR FIELD TRIALS
CBACK PUPPIES IN THE AN
NUAL MEETING.
Greyhounds Drawn for the Forth
coming Coursing at Union
Park.
The entries for the annual meeting of
thß Pacific Coast Field Trial Club for
1 1898 have closed with Secretary J. M. Kil
i garif. As has been the custom in the
►past, the trials will be held on Bakers
! field meadows on the third Monday of
January next. The entries, which are re
stricted to setter and pointer puppies
whelped since January 1. 1897, represent
the best blood on the coast. The complete
list follows:
Juanita X, by Valiente-Rowena, own»d by
H. W. Keller, Santa Monica; bred by John H.
Schumacher.
Consuelo, by Valiente-Rowena, owned by
California Kennels; bred by John H. Schu
macher.
Don Juan, by Valiente-Rowena, owned by A.
J. Harrell, Visalla; bred by John H. Schu
macher.
Don Ellpha, by Vallente-Betsy Mark, owned
by J. A. Graves, Los Angeles; bred by W. C.
Kerckhoff.
Spot Cash, by Hazel C-Tray Spot, owned by
A. Decourtieux Jr., San Francisco; bred by A.
C. Drayeur.
Pio Pico, by Luke K-Whlte Wlng§, owned by
J. E. Lucas; bred by W. S. Kittle.
Hope's Lil, by , out of Saver O,
owned by Mlra Monte Kennels; bred by R. K.
Gardiner.
Stampede, by Dash Antonio-Belle of Detroit,
owned by Mlra Monte Kennels; bred by P.
Druillard, Canada.
Flyaway, by Dash Antonio-Patty B, owned
by Mlra Monte Kennels; bred by Richard Bang
ham, Ontario. Canada.
Merry Xmas, by Valiente-Rowena, owned by
Frank W. Emery. Buena Park; bred by John
Schumacher.
Purcel J, by Dash Antonio-Patty B, owned
by Webster Jones; bred by Richard Bangham,
Canada.
Mlrrlam J, by Dash Antonio-Patty B, owned
by Webster Jones; bred by Richard Bangham,
Canada.
Dolores, by Valiente-Rowena, owned and bred
by John H. Schumacher, Los Angeles.
Toreador, by Valiente-Rowena, owned ana
bred by John H. Schumacher.
Ashbury, by Baldy-Ueulah, owned by Mlra
Munte Kennels, Monlo Park.
Queen High, breeding unknown; owned by J.
E Lucas.
Relna Vick, by Valiente-Betsy Mark, owned
by Joe Desmond, Lo» Angeles; bred by W. O.
Kerckhoff.
Don Ricardo, by Valiente-Rowena, owned by
H. W. Lester. San Francisco; bred by John
H. Schumacher.
Val Mark, by Valiente-Peach Mark, owned
and bred by R. K. Gardiner.
Verona California, by Count Gladstone the
IV-Dalsy Craft, owned by Henry Betten, Ala
meda; bred by Verona Kennels.
Peach's Nugget, by Vallente-Peach Mark,
owned and bred by R. K. Gardiner.
Merry Heart, by Merry Monarch-Sweetheart's
I Last, 'owned and bred by Albert Betas. San
' Francisco.
Romeo, by Vallente-Lady Stamboul, owned
! by J. Haverwaar; bred by J. Ringer.
Admiral Dewey, by Vallente-Betsy Mark,
owned and bred by William Kerckhoff.
Merry Prince, by Merry Monarch-Countess
I Rosey, owned By H. G. Edwards; bred by C.
V. Post.
I Glad Star, by Starlight-Sweet Glady», owned
THE NOMAD
IS MISSING
Sailed From Shanghai
Last December.
ELEVEN PERSONS ABOARD
IT IS PBOBABLE THAT ALL
HANDS HAVE PERISHED.
An "Upturned Hulk Found Floating
245 Miles West of Coos Bay
Believed to Be the
Wreck.
Bp*o.lal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July 6.— The schooner No
mad, which sailed in ballast from
Shanghai for Seattle on December 7
last, has never been sighted since. Two
months ago The Call set forth reasons
for believing that the delayed schooner
with all on board had been lost. This
version seems to be substantiated by
the officers of the schooner Eliza Miller,
which has Just arried at Port Blakeley.
On June 23 Captain Christenson saw
the upturned hulk of a schooner float
ing 245 miles west of Coos Bay. This is
slightly west of the course of steam
ers plying between Seattle and San
Francisco. The keel was from 130 to
140 feet in length, perfectly straight
and newly coppered, with considerable
lead on the forefoot. Hall Brothers of
Port Blakeley, who owned and built the
Nomad, recognize the description as
the hull of their long missing vessel,
which was only built last August. A
tugboat will be sent out in search of
the wreck in a few days.
On board the Nomad were: Captain
John W. McAllep, his daughter and
two sons, from Seattle; First Mate C.
W. Soderstrom, Second Mate Charles
Looman, Cook Fred Holmes and Sea
men R. Visentine, R. Thompson and
G. Olsen, and L. E. Bloodgood, cabin
boy.
DUCKS FEED
ON NUGGETS
Cause a Mining Craze in
Oregon.
GOLD IN THEIR GIZZARDS
FED ON GBOTJND BICH IN THE
PRECIOUS METAL.
Eager Prospectors Now Bushing to
the Banch Whereon the Lowly
Birds Were Hatched and
Beared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ELLENSBURG, Or., July 6.— There
was a stampede yesterday from Ellens
burg to a point about five miles north,
where a rancher had been selling
ducks in town, nearly every one of
which has had gold nuggets in its giz
zard. Pannings of surface ground
along the creek were made, but only
small colors were found. .
Before leaving two of the party
bought four ducks, all the rancher had
left. On reaching town the ducks were
killed and nuggets to the value of $5 20
i were taken from their gizzards. Each
j duck had one or more nuggets, none of
; which was smaller than the end of a
I lead pencil, some being as thick as an
| ordinary knife blade.
Arrangements are being made to se-
I cure an option on the land, which is
owned by a Portland man. If it can be
secured development work will be done
I at once.
and bred by R. M. Dodge, Bakersfleld.
, by Olenbelgh-Pattl X, owned and
bred by W. C. Kennedy, Fresno.
, by Ch. Jingo-Doto Pearl, owned by
C. M. Barney, Woodland; bred by Abdallab
Kennels, Chicago.
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce were granted the fol
lowing litigants by the Judges of the Su
perior Court yesterday: Delia M. Glover
from Percy E. Glover, on the grounds of
willful neglect and failure to provide, the
plaintiff being allowed to resume her
maiden name, Richardson; David Thomp
son from Sarah Thompson, on the ground
of willful desertion; Mary Fuller from
Frederick Fuller, on the ground of failure
to provide, the plaintiff being allowed to
resume her maiden name. Murphy; May
Levy from Mark Levy, on the ground of
willful desertion, the defendant being or
dered to pay Mrs. Levy the sum of $40 a
month alimony.
Divorce Suits Piled.
Jewell Peckerman has applied for a di
vorce from Joseph L. Peckerman, alleg
ing failure to provide as a cause of action.
Suits for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide were also filed by Rosa H.
Vidaver against Nixon J. "Vldaver and
Emeline R. Brown against Zelotis W.
Brown.
Annie Muoller accuses her husband,
Charles Mueller, of infidelity and asks
that a decree of divorce be granted her on
that ground.
Complaints for divorce on" the ground
of cruelty were filed by Mary Gordon
against Michael Gordon and John F.
Wickmann against Laura M. Wickmann.
» ♦ ■
Registration Progresses Slowly.
There has been a falling off in the reg
istration. When the Registrar's office
closed last night less than 10 per cent of
the voters of the city had registered. The
office is kept open until 9 o'clock every
evening to accommodate those who are
unable to get there in the daytime, but
few have availed themselves of the addi
tional facilities furnished them by Regis
trar Biggy. It is probable that many
voters do not know that the last registra
tion was cancelt-d June 1, and that all
citizens who desire to vote at the next
election will have to register again.
Getting the Sinews of War.
• Secretary i Godchaux, , acting under the
advice of ; the - legal adviser of . the Board
of Health, is collecting the war tax on ; all
certificates ;of death ; and burial permits
issued , from : his office. - The war revenue
bill \ provides that 10 "cents must be col
lected ■ for • each certificate ; issued by j the
Federal, > State ■or municipal Government.
Some ; underakers " contend - that the ; war
tax iis not 'applicable '• to the : certificates
they secure, ; and ; reluctantly pay the ad
ditional charges. .
■:/• ■'• . . :.. . ' ■ • ■ • '■•
Police Pension Fund.
Police Commissioner Robert J. Tobin,
who 1b also president of of the Police Re
lief and Pension fund, has filed his an
nual report with the Supervisors. It
shows that $31,190 47 was ordered paid out
of the fund during the last fiscal year.
Of that sum $3000 went to the widows of
pensioners. ;
GIVES GLORY
TO SCHLEY
Pettigrew's Resolution
of Thanks.
REFERRED TO COMMITTEE
SENATE PREFERS TO AWAIT
SAMPSON'S REPORT.
Stewart of Nevada Thinks tlie Rear
Admiral Was Unfortunate in
the Wording of the Jt irst
Announcement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— ln the Sen
ate to-day Pettigrew of South Da
kota offered the following resolu
tion tendering the thanks of Co-n-
gxess to Commodore Schley for destroy
ing all Admiral Cervera's squadron and
asked that it be referred to the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs:
"Resolved, That the thanks of Con
gress and the American people are
hereby tendered to Commodore Win
field S. Schley of the United States
naval force operating against the Span
ish forces in Cuban waters for highly
distinguished conduct in conflict with
the enemy, as displayed by him in the
destruction of the Spanish fleet off the
harbor of Santiago, Cuba, July 3, 1898.
"Section 2— That the thanks of Con
gress and the American people are
hereby extended through Commodore
Schley to the officers and men under his
command for the gallantry and skill
exhibited by them on that occasion.
"Section 3— That the President of the
United States be requested *to cause
this resolution to be communicated to
Commodore Schley and through him to
the officers and men under his com
mand."
Commenting upon the resolution,
Pettigrew said the impression had been
conveyed to the public that "not Com
modore Schley but another man" had
achieved the great success.
"I know," declared he, "we s«all be
obliged to remove that impression by
absolute proof to the contrary. All the
accounts of the battle agree that Com
modore Schley was in command of the
vessels of our fleet. He pursued the
last of the Spanish vessels sixty miles
and personally brought to an end
the most remarkable naval duel ever
fought."
Stewart of Nevada thought Admiral
Sampson had been unfortunate in the
wording of his official announcement of
the victory and in not giving in that
dispatch the credit due to Commodore
Schley. He thought it was due to
Schley that the credit be given him by
Sampson, but he believed the latter
would yet do Justice to the commo
dore.
Hale expressed great confidence in
the character and ability of Admiral
Sampson and Commodore Schley, and
said the conduct and achievements of
Schley during the historic battle had
been most admirable. He felt assured
that the little agitation concerning the
bestowal of credit which was now dis
turbing some minds would disappear in
the full light of the facts. There was,
he said, glory enough for all in the
destruction of Cervera's fleet, and he
had no doubt it would be properly dis
tributed.
Allen of Nebraska thought at least a
few days' delay ought to elapse before
action was taken upon the resolutio-n
and it was referred to the Naval Com
mittee.
At 5:05 o'clock the Senate went Into
executive session and at 6:15 p. m. ad
journed. _______________
KORE CASE DECIDED.
SANTA BARBARA, July 6.— The jury
to-night gave a verdict for Louise T.
More and Wallace More, holding that
Thomas R. More, brother of Wallace,
fraudulently procured from the latter
four notes, conveying all of Wallace's
share in the estate of the late A. P. More.
It also finds Thomas R. More, Henry J.
Finger, Eugene F. Rogers and Alfonso
L. Den guilty of con^ring to defraud
Wallace More a sets asiuT all transfers of
property, and awards Wallace More and
wife $1700 damages.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTtf S.
The Playhouses Are Doing Good
Business This Week.
The artistic revival of "The Mikado" at I
the Tivoli Is meeting with very gratify- j
Ing success as it well deserves. The cast
Is unusually good, the acting and singing
excellent, the fun continuous and .. the
mounting of the play admirable. Next
week "Fatinitza."
"Fort Frayne" at the Columbia, with its
change of cast and general improvements.
is still more acceptable than before and
continues to enjoy a large patronage.
Next Monday night the Frawley • Com
pany will present for the first time In this
city the comedy hit "Lost— 24 Hours."
It portrays the troubles of a newly mar
ried ' couple, in which Madeline Bouton
takes the part of the wife— a role she cre
ated in the original successful produc
tion In New York.
"Frederick .: the Great" has more . than
held its own this the second week at the
Alcazar. The theater is well-filled nightly
and the piece has been added to the list
of Mr. Morrison's successes. At Mon
day evening's performance the public will
have an opportunity of seeing Mr. Morri
son again in "Faust." Extensive prepar
ations are now in- progress for its pre
sentation. _____
. At . Morosco's "Held by the Enemy"
with James Brophy in - the ■ star part is
enjoying a full share of prosperity. The
play is carefully : and well : produced and
the scenery very striking. ». :
The many star attractions not , only In
the free theater but on the grounds at the
Chutes ' and particularly, the "load star," j
Herr Cannon, < he of mighty girth  and j
weight, are ? drawing crowds to that ever i
popular amusement place. /
"■■ "Uncle Tom's Cabin" at the California,
with its ; unusually good cast, plantation
scenes, singing, buck and wing dancing,
cake walk, etc., is doing a better business
than was expected. It goes during the
week.
•— '♦'-.. : '-.'■-?■'.'■■> '
HIS HEAD IN A SLING.
Mr. "White Hat" McCarthy Is Badly
Disfigured but Is Still in
the Bing.
While liie . ourth of July, with the news
of the annihilation of Cervera's fleet,
brought Joy to the hearts of millions of
patriotic American citizens, it over
whelmed a well-known citizen of San
Francisco — "White-hat" McCarthy— in
deep trouble, nearly costing him his life.
Mr. McCarthy last evening appeared in
the court of the Palace Hotel with his
head in a sling. A white bandage, tied
around the back of his head and under
his chin, supported his jaw. A large
patch of court plaster ornamented the
bridge of his nose, and several spots, al
most as black as the court plaster, were
distributed over the balance of his coun
tenance. His customary trade mark— the
famous white hat— was missing. It had
been lost in the shuffle, and had been re
placed by a slouch hat of a leaden hue,
similar to the war paint recently applied
to America's battleships.
"What's the matter, Mac? Been hit
GENEROSITY OF
TURF PATRONS
Army and Navy League
Remembered.
LATONIA TRACK'S DONATION
DAY'S RECEIPTS TO SWELL TEE
RELIEF FUND.
David Tenny, Imp. Mistral II and
Uarda Indulge in a Nose-and
Nose Finish at Washing
ton Park. v
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CINCINNATI, July 6.— The manage
ment of the Latonia track donated t&«
receipts of to-day's racing to the re
lief fund of the Army and Navy-
League of America. About 3000 peo
ple were in attendance. Weather flse;
track fast. Results:
First race, one mile, selling— Oriental
M won, Padrone second, Nellorine third.
Time. 1:44. Cosner won, but was disquali
fied for fouling.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Sal
varse won, Hard Knot second, Ole.^ka
third. Time, 1:02%.
Third race, mile and seventy yard?-.,
selling— George Kratz won, Panch;ir.u
second, Countess Irma third. Tims,
1:46%.
Fourth race, mile and a half, selling -
Paros won. Possum second, Royal D&a&l
third. Time, 2:",7 I±.1 ±.
Fifth race, seven and a half furlon:;*- —
Liowanna won, Elsie Barnes second, Mist
Francis third. Time, 1:36.
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs,
selling — Margaret Jane won, Lyllis s-ee
ond, Hilda third. Time, 1:35V2.
CHICAGO, July 6.— Clawson rod*
three winners at Washington Park u>
'day. Every favorite was returned a
winner. The three placed horses tin
ished noses apart in the last race,
Jockey W. Martin landing David
Tenny in front. Results:
First race, fix furlongs— Marlrilene
Tenola second. Libertine third. Tiruo,
1:14%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—
Santello won, Jolly Roger second, Prince
McClurg third. Time. i:o7*4-
Third race, mile and fifty ynras—l"or
onso won, Jne Clark Beoond, Hohenaoi
lern third. Time. 1:42*6.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Algol "?-on t
Traverser second, Eugenia Wickes third.
Time, 1:13%.
Fifth race, mile and fifty yards— Dry Id
Tenny won, imp. Mistral II second, Uarda
third. Time, 1:43%.
BLiTE, July 6.— Weather pleaf-.s-.nt;
track fast.
First race, three furlongs — Lou W-ukins
won, Dutch Becond, Dutch II third. Time,
:34? 4 .
Second race, five furlongs— Mail&fcmo
won, Rey Hooker second, Templar third.
Time. 1:02.
Third race, five and a half furlongs-
Polish won, Dorah Wood second, R- Q.
Ban third. Time, 1:1
Fourth race, five ard a half fur.
Miss Rowena won. Tea Rose 111 second,
Alicia third. Time. 1:08%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Sewano T?on,
Tammany Hall II second, Los Prietos
third. Time, 1:14%.
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— Track fast. Re
sults:
First race, six furlongs— Herenl.i ;von,
Katie Longfellow second, Alma KUijSrtll
third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, mne and twenty yards —
Gotobed won. Libation second. Phi. -He
third. Time. 1:44.
Third race, seven furlongs — Batqull
won. Trebor second, Tutuilla third. Tim*,
1:2814.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Lord Fair
fax won. Cavalry second, Gibraltar tulrd.
Time. 1:13%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Miss V?rn«
won, Tragedy second, Silver Set third.
Time. 1:14%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— LenA vrctx.
Judge Steadman second, Can I Sc-^ 'Era
third. Time, 1:-12 U.
CONGREGATIONAL COUNCIL
PORTLAND. Or., Julyfi.—AbautKK)dele
gates to the biennial National Corr-T' -Ra
tional Council, which will meet h--n to
morrow, have arrived. The delegate:- 'r<.'m
California and Southwestern Statrs will
come by the Southern Pacific ard by
steamer from San Francisco.
The names of A. M. Bradford of Mont
Clair, N. J., and Dr. Noble of Chicago
are the only ones mentioned for mo-lc-p
ator. In the absence of Present V.
tor Hon. Nelson Dingley of Maine, ttie
council will be probably called to order
by the secretary. Rev. N. H. Whlttlft3ey
of New Haven, Conn.
with a bomb?" he was asked by an ac
quaintance.
"No; I was out "
"What have you run against— a lamp
post?" asked another, before he could
explain.
"Who hit you?" "How does the other
fellow look?" "Kicked by a mule
"Got left at the post, didn't you?"
celebrating?" "Been run through a
threshing machine?"
These and other interrogations Woto
flung at him in rapid succession. Finally,
"White-hat" McCarthy was given an .op
portunity to finish his explanation of nia
disfigured appearance. He had sb
got tangled up in a runaway accld<--nu— so
he said.
Haymond Is Exonerated.
Edgar B. Haymoi,d. the attorney, hna
escaped disbarment at the hands of the
Justices of the Supreme Court, thaf -e^y
having dismissed the accusation of un
professional conduct. Haymond rrnt 3.
"W. Mclntosh were the attorneys fosf Al
bert Hoff, the murderer, and an att( m.it
was made by them to sell an alleged con
fession of their client to a daily p -p . r.
The scheme miscarried and the Bar A330
ciatlon recommended that the Si;;
Court disbar both attorneys. It
upon the recommendation in the cass >f
Mclntosh. but the evidence of Hayrn-nd's
unprofessional conduct was not Sttfficiont
to warrant the court in supposing ;hut
he was a party to the nlot.
Death of F. A. Bishop.
After a long illness F. A. Bishop, the
well-known civil engineer and o;<i-Ume
Calif ornian, died on July 4, in J.iristt.l,
Conn.
Mr. Bishop came to California in JSW,
and spent many years in the prac:i -■■■ -t
his profession here and in El I>o-;k 0
County. His last active work in <
nia was as engineer to the State i
of Harbor Commissioners, which pos>tic/fl
he held till ISS4. The deceased fsn a.
native of Connecticut and died i\ h:s
sixty-ninth year.
—« ♦ »
Apportionment of School Funds.
BACRAAIEXTO, July 6.— The Deonrt
merit of Public Instruction is bnsHy v~
gaged in making the apportionment of
school moneys for the fiscal year. Thi
books of the State Controller shov r tout
the amount to be apportioned is %1 .071, •
630 39. This amount will ho &l
among the various counties of the Sta'u
and reapnortioned by the County
intendent of Schools, and is derivec
the following named souros: Pr.>
tax, r727,581 98: poll tax. 5136,>'20 86; latar
est on bonds, $113. r^S 43: interest on tn.ada
520.553 31; tax on railroads, 547.821 0::: col
lateral inheritances, $30.35- 66; wale.: :•">
logical reports, $14. The amount ur;u.p
portioned January' 4, 189S, is $1435 79.
v^^VlDr; Gibbon's dispensary,
Mm in mB 025 KEAKXY XT. KU:/. .1 .-■!
fiTil^fti.a In 1554 for the treatment of •': Tire
1M l^Jfii Diseases, LostManh.HiJ. De! iKjy or
■ ? j^gfl<SSS* disease wearing on bodyand n: •■: eird
' S CffiiL'sJS- skin Diseases, The doctor cur«swhi:n
*Si'**Bptsvfi othnsfftll. Try him. Charg-* J 10\7. ,
rnrMgiiaranlffd. Calior-nrrits. !
! Dr. J. V. t«IBEOS, Box 1 t Saa Fc^ac-ia&i. .
1112
THE PLAY OF
"HIT AND RUN"
Hard Baseball Problem
Explained.
SUBSTITUTE FOR SACRIFICE
ONLY A PLACE BATTER CAN DO
THE JOB.
A Scientific Nut for Star Players to
Crack When They Want Good
Practice — Its Great
Value.
BY JOE CORBETT.
I have been asked time and again why
batters, as a general rule, endeavor to
hit tn the direction of right field, after
a runner has been safely lodged on first
base. For the benellt of those who are
unfamiliar with this advanced method of
play, 1 will attempt to elucidate its prin
cipal point and the advantages derived
from its u.*e. I will also Live a little
advice — for you must know I make a
specialty of advising my contemporaries,
and this, by the way, I am told is the
bost thing I do— regarding the correct
manner In which the play should be con
summated.
It Is known among baseball men, and
for that matter among those familiar
with It, as the hit and run. Its simplic
ity, no doubt, accounts for its name,
yet the play when attempted contains a
number of difficulties, which to most
batsmen, especially those not skilled in
the art of placing a ball, are hard to
overcome. The expression "hit and run"
Btgnifies that a man starts to steal a
base, and that the batter at the same
instant hits the ball. The idea I will en- '
deavur to convey in the following exam
ple: We will say, for illustration, that
there Is a runner on first base. How
should he attempt to pilfer the next
cushion? The instant he departs from
first either the shortstop or second base
man, whichever intends covering the bag,
will necessarily have to leave his posi
tion to intercept the throw from the
catcher which, as we are aware, is de
livered with the intention of heading off
the baserunner. in this particular ease
We will say that the second baseman
handled tbe threw from the catcher. In
so doing, he was compelled to leave his
position, as 1 mentioned above, and at
the same time leave a complete opening
between first and second bases. It is the
duty of the batter, therefore, if possible,
to hit the ball through that space left
uncovered by tho second baseman. If he
is successful, the baserunner continues
on to third, and he arrives snfely at the i
lnltla! bag with a base hit to his credit i
The play when properly made is most i
beatiful and scientific. It Is, however, at
tended with many difficulties, and Is, I
therefore, Beldom witnessed during play
at Recreation Park. With the batter
rests its entire success. He. on receiving
a sign from the runner, w.hich impli-s
I'm groins to steal, " must first discern
Win ther the shortstop or second baseman
Intends covering second, and in this h
very often fails. Afu-r satisfying himself!
on this very important point ho must ;
then direct the ball in that vicinity If 1
his conjectures are correct the play is
successful. If wrong it is a failure.
However, if he be in error in his con
jectures one success is assured; the
man that starts for second Invariably ar
rives at nit- dfstlnntion before an oppor
tunity is offered to retire him at that
base. This Is accounted for by the fact
that he starts to steal before the ball is
pitched, and consequently secures a lead
providing he is rjuick in carrying out his
part of the play, which should bring him
safely to second. Of course, if the batter
etrikes at the ball and misses, the play
thf-n reverts to its original state— a man
pilfering a base unassisted by the bat
ter—and thf chances are in favor of his
being again retired. Then again, the bat
ter may hit the ball to the pitcher or to
one of the other inflelders on a lino, or
very hard, which is quite often the case,
and a double play results.
This misfortune, however, would not en
sue if a batter was careful not to swing
at the ball, us this style- of batting, es
pecially in scientific play 3, is dangerous
in the extreme.
1 have said rime and again that batters
should not swing at a ball, no matter
■what the situation, and permit me to em
phasize the fact that in attempting the
hit and run it Is almost suicide to re
sort to such tactics. I have seen the play
spoiled at Recreation Park at least fifty
times in this manner. This play, while
It may and does look simple, is a very dif
ficult proposition from the beginning. A
batter must first be capable of placing a
ball in either left or right field. This In
itself is an art attained only by unremit
ting practice and perseverence. He must
then acquire the equally difficult art of
picking out the right ball, because it Is
possible to place only certain balls.
It is useless for a right-hand batter to
try and place a ball on the inside corner
of the plate or close to him in right field,
and for a left-handed one to hit a simi
lar ball into left. It, of course, can bo
done, but with no results. What batters
should do in attempting this play In to
meet the ball, as snap hitters are the
only successful place batters.
If you have guessed which of tho two
men intend? taking the bag, a little
grounder of average speed is mII lint .6
rocer.Kary to complete the performance. I
As Uhji in no one close enough to in
tercept this grounder before it Is van
quished by the elders, why swing at the
ball and endanger the success of the play
■when a simple little tap will have >.ne
name effect? Then, again, let us say
that your supposition regarding the man
■who is to take the bag terminated disas
trously, or, in other words, that you
thought the shortstop was going to cover,
and in consequence, hit the ball in that
direction: but, instead, the second base
man took the base. Now, If you swung
at the ball and.it so happened that It
was hit hard, which generally is the
case, or near it, the chances of your as
sisting the opposite side in the comple
tion of a double -May are quite favor
able.
But, on the other hand, if you simply
met the ball and an easy hit resulted,
■while you undoubtedly would be retired
at first, keen consolation would , follow
the fact that you advanced the 'runner
to second base. Your easy hit, there
fore, if unsuccessful, terminates In a sac
rifice.
.The hit and run is the latest scientific
acquisition to the national game. It is
much more advantageous than the sac
rifice game; in fact, it is so far superior
that there Is no comparison.' Sacrificing,
however, is not entirely done away with,
and it is a much better and safer game
to play for those players who are not
proficient in place hitting. I will con
clude by reiterating a past statement—
that snapping or meeting the ball is the
ecientific manner of batting, and without
this art players need never hope to en
gage In scientific plays to any extent, for
It would be almost impossible to do ■ so
successfully.
HANGED HIMSELF.
A Chinese Prisoner Preferred Death
to Deportation by the Federal
Authorities.
Wong Look, a Chinese prisoner In the
County Jail, hanged himself yesterday
afternoon in his cell. He made a rope of
the lining taken out of the back of his
vest and fastened it to the grating In his
wicket. He was dead and cold when
found by one of the prison guards.
The deceased wad been awaiting trial in
the Federal Court on a charge of being*
Illegally In this country, having no cer
tificate of registration. He had recently
completed a long term of imprisonment
In the penitentiary at San Quentin for
burglary, and was arrested by the United
BtatPS Marshal on his discharge. He
would have been deported In a few days.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
STATE'S VETERAN GUARDSMAN DEAD
Louis fl. Townsend, Architect and Soldier, Peace
fully Passes Away.
California's Veteran National Guardsman, Louis R. Townsend, is dead.
He passed away while reclining in a chair at his residence, 1164 HaJght
street, yesterday.
ile was beloved by every member of his regiment — the First Infantry,
whffh is now in Manila, where he might have been but for old age. His repu
tation ai a soldier was equal to his fame as an architect. As the designer
of Lotta's fountain, the decaying castle on Telegraph Tlill and many other
famous buildings in this city, he held a high place in his chosen profession.
Although 67 years of age, he was still a member of the National Guard.
He declined office time and again, caring more to be with his comrades in
the ranks. The position of lieutenant was thrust upon him many years ago,
and as there was no chance to refuse he had to accept the position. He,
however, only acted as such one term, when, at his earnest solicitation, he
wa-s again allowed to take his old position. As Corporal "Lew" Townsend
he was known throughout the State, and as such he always wished to be.
He was an expert with the rifle, and almost always l<-d competitors, carry
ing off many hundred medals. Despite his years, lie marched in parades and
was rarely absent from drill.
During the past year he suffered from asthma, brought on by being over
heated at the Sacramento strike. He was a member of the firm of Townsend
& Wyneken, architects. He leaves a daughter, Miss li. Townsend, who is
now on a visit to New York. His body now lies at lialstead's undertaking
establishment, from which place he will probably be interred under the aus
pices of fellow guardsmen who were left behind.
The deceased's record in the militia is unusually interesting. He en
listed on May 4. IKT.4. and was in active service forty-four years and five
months. Number of drills attended, 1771; number of parades, 443; number of
miles marched, 3106; number of encampments, 14; number of riots, 4. His
shooting from 1890 to the present year averaged from 43 to 48 out of a pos
sible 50.
SAN JOSEANS
ARE IN REVOLT
Bossism Is Becoming;
Intolerable.
WRECKING A HIGH SCHOOL
■
STUDENTS WILL NOT RETURN
NEXT TERM.
Indignation Over the Ousting of Pro
fessor Smith and Mrs.
Clement Has Not
Abated.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— The action of the
City Board of Education last night is j
but the beginning of what promises to j
be a sensational turn in school affairs, j
The dismissal of Professor Smith from j
the High School and the election of
Charles B. Gleason as his successor has
proved to be the stirring up of a hor
net's nest. The abolishing of the office
of Deputy Superintendent of Schools
because Mrs. A. B. Clement refused to
give up her office to Miss Irene Han
kenson, who had been illegally elected,
shows how the "gang" will vent its
spite.
These were the sole topics discussed
In most of the homes to-day. The mat
ter of holding a mass-meeting to pro
test against these insolent acts of the
Trustees was discussed by a number of
Influential people. While Trustees
Wemple, Kenyon, Graham, Langford
and O'Neil were strongly denounced
Graham came in for the lion's share of
criticism. He is the tool of Rea and he |
it was who engineered the shameful
work done last night. From the very
beginning of the school trouble he has
bragged that Smith would never be re-
Instated and on several occasions he
j has offered to wager money on the
proposition.
Back of the trustees In their despica
ble action was the "gang's" organ, the
Mercury, which has aided in every
manner possible to defeat the wish of
the people. Instead of making a fight
for Smith and what was right it has
remained quiet.
The High School faculty Is the prime
cause of Professor Smith's discharge.
Petty Jealousy among the other teach
ers in that school has militated against
Smith, und in the last month the jeal
ous ones have been hard at work to
down him. Foremost in the lot is A.
E. Shumate, principal of the school.
While posing as a friend of Smith he
has been urging the board on and was
instrumental in bringing Gleason here.
For some time there have been ru
mors that all was not .going right at
the High School and a number of citi
zens, it is asserted, will demand an in
vestigation.
The Union Battlefield Veterans are
receiving bitter condemnation. They
first claimed Smith was unpatriotic and
had spoken disparagingly of General
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
Grant. For this they were denounced
by the Grand Army posts of the city.
The leaders of this gang-controlled or
ganization, W. J. VVollcott and Major
Starok, are political tricksters, who do
the bidding of "Boss" Kea among the
old soldiers.
In all probability Professor Smith
will start a private school. Last week
he had applications from over 150 of
his old pupilg. When the Board of
Education failed to re-elect Smith the
s-tudents of the High School voted
unanimously not to attend school next
term unless Professor Smith was re
instated. Since then they have repeated
this vow, and the majority of parents
have expressed themselves in sym
pathy with their children. Influential
people are taking up Smith's light and
the action of the board last night is
but the beginning of a struggle be
tween the better people and the "gang"
which has been running school affairs
to reward Its friends and punish its
enemies.
During th.j past year the condition
of affairs in the School Board has gone
from bad to worse. Superintendent
Russell's annual report shows that "a
financial crisis has now been reached.
The expenditures — teachers' salaries,
etc. — contracted for the ensuing year
amount to $130,922, while the receipts
for that year will only amount to $81.
899. This will leave a deficiency of
$49,020 to be raised by city taxes. A
levy of IS cents, same as last year, will
raise but $28,800, and on June 30. 1599,
there will be a deficiency of $20,220.
Statutes prohibit the expenditure of
more money in any one year than
raised in that year for that purpose,
and it will be impossible to raise money
by taxes. The apportionment of $15,000
for July. 1899, might be used, and yet
the department would be expending
$5000 more than the law allows, and at
the end of the year be $4000 worse off.
The July apportionment is for main
taining grammar and primary grades,
and if that is used teachers would have
j to wait until December for their salar
ies. Before allowing another claim the
board should make a cut of from $10,000
to $15,000 in annual expenses."
It was shown that from $12,000 to
$15,000 would be needed to finish and
furnish the new High School, while
there is only $1471 in the board fund
available. A 2-cent levy would raise
sufficient funds to furnish part of the
building so it could be used for school
purposes. •
This condition has been brought
| about by the old board, of which Trus
tees Graham, Wemple and Kenyon
were members. Yet In spite of this
the board has elected Miss MacKenzle
i Supervisor of Kindergartens at a sal
i ary of $75 a month and other unneces
sary expenditures have been made. The
position created for Miss MacKenzle is
purely a sinecure and not needed, as
there are only seven kindergartens and
seventeen teachers.
Another unnecessary expense, and
one that has been the means of mulct
ing the city in the sum of over $1000,
' is that of supplying the school house
| windows with "Model" hinges. This
! was done at the instance of Trustee
Graham. The "Model Hinge Company"
is composed of Police Commissioner
| Carmich.iel and other politicians. Dur
; ing the past year the hinges have been
I put into school buildings at a cost of
j $7R7, or $1 50 a set. These same poli
j ticians had the same hinge included tn
the new High School specifications
thus adding over $500 additionaf cost to
the building.
Granted American Register.
WASHINGTON. July fi.-In the Senate
to-day Frye of Maine reported frnm the
Committee on Commerce a bill granting
an American register to the steamer Ti
tania, owned by John Rosenfeld & Sons
of San Francisco. The bill, which con
tains a provision that the vessel shall
not engage In the coastwise trade, was
passed.
EXPEDITIONARY ORDERS.
Assignment of Officers for Duty
in Connection With the
Fourth Expedition.
The following order was Issued at Camp
Merritt late yesterday afternoon by Ma
jor General Otis:
The following named officers and non-com
missioned officers are hereby detailed as com
missary quartermaster, commissary sergeant
ami quartermaster serKeant to accompany the
troops soon to embark on steamer Puebla.
destined for the Philippine Islands, viz.: First
Lieutenant Charles H. Martin, Fourteenth
United States Infantry, as commissary and
quartermaster; Regimental Quartermaster Ser
geant George W. F. Sturley, as quartermaster
sergeant: Corporal Olaf Aune, Company O,
Fourteenth United States Infantry, a* com
mlrsary serpeant. The order further Instructs
Lieutenant Martin to report to Lieutenant Col
onel W. H. Baldwin, chief commissary of sub
sistence for one month's supplies of subsistence
stores, to be so placed on the vessel as to
be readily accessible for Issue and sale to the
troops during- the voyage. The remaining
stores to be securely stored In vessel for use
of troops after voyage terminates.
As quartermaster. Lieutenant Martin will re
port-to Major George Ruhlen for conference and
instructions In connection with the loading of
the Puebla.
A similar order was Issued detailing
Second Lieutenant Leroy Eltinpre of the
Fourth Cavalry to act as commissary
quartermaster for the Fourth Cavalry.
Major Scriven of the United States
army, military secretary of Major Gen
eral Merritt. arrived in San Francisco
yesterday and will sail for Manila with
the fourth expedition next week.
Captain Coudert, son of the famous
New York lawyer. John F. Coudert, has
arrived in the city, having been assigned
to duty as commissary officer of the
fourth Manila expedition.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
W Campbell. Los Ang r J Nolton, USA
H'B Tomkln. Cal Dr J I Stephens. Cal
H X McLennon, Sacto iT A Mackenzie. Fresno
Dr A E Osborn & w, A Well helm er, Stocktn
Eldridge M A Gllkson, Greenwd
L E Hanchett. Sacto I W Rushing, Whlteab
II Mueller. Mont Mrs E Nolan. L Gats
C Heckler. Mont |\V A Sampson, Chgo
M J Wright, Sacto ' T Roos Jr. Sutter Crk
G M Agnew, N V 3 LCobb. Cal
Mrs W S Green. Colusa E R Ellis. Robs Statn
«' W Mlddlecok. Stktn I F Ellison, Red Bluff
F I) Hates. San Mateo 3 P Stephens & w. Sac
T F Thwalts. S Jose- W B Woodward. S Jse
H Todd. Oakland A. Weymann, Germany
T M Davis. Merced \V H Htlton,Gl<»n Ellen
I.H Batcher, Sacto . T B Bond. Lakeport
M Solomon. Vnllejo T Craig & w. Highland
C Wet more, Berkeley G D Stephens, w &-d,
W Humphries, Danvlll Highland Cprlngs
r J Buchanan, Eureka Col "H C Kessler. NBA
3 H Stewart, Los Ang H Smith & w, Cal
A C Huston. Woodlnd H J Lorentzen. James
A J Hinds. Santa Cruz fl J Lorentzen, Jamestn
H J Carroll & w. Sac I
PALACE HOTEL.
B Hyman. NY G Gossler & w, Phlla
G T Gosling. Texas C Clement & w. N V
J P Smlth&w. Cal S Ofner. Chicago
W Hlgglns&w. Chicago Mrs Klauber, Chicago
H Daniel, China C H Skldmore. N V
C dv Pont ' Coudert. J Colquhon&f, L Ang
USA . Mrs Hopkins. Boston
Mrs Couts, S Diego Miss Hopkins, Boston
W A Boringer, N V Miss H Hopkins, Bostn
I Moran. New Haven Miss G Hopkins, Bostn
A J Marcus, Menlo W A Hopkins, Boston
G Mackay, L Ang L Hopkins. Boston
C N Heal. L Ang E P Eaton, tl S N
E \V Pease, L Ang I Nakahara, Japan
S E Mayne, L Ang A J Walsh. Cal
T Dan, Japan Mrs A J Walsh. Cal
T Maklta. Japan l)r Taylor. Llvermore
T Monrosakl. Japan C Degan. Milwaukee
I Ito, Japan . J McNeil. S Cruz
T Matsbara. Japan C Peckham, N V
X Fuktn, Japan
BALDWIN HOTEL. J
H L Ford, U S N D W Ruhson, Reno
G L Garrett &W, Cal W Loulsson, Honolulu
J J Choate, Cal C L Cutting, N V
W R Jeffries, Oakland F Cash, Chicago
W H Scriber, Cal F Lang, Chicago
R E Morrow, Cal F D Gates. Baltimore
W Muenster, NY J N ('(Ulster, Boston
H S Bowen, Chicago R I Davis, L Ang
C G White, Cal V 8 Davis Jr. L Ang
J A Parsons. Belvedere J R Jorg, Sacto
J Schilling, St Louis W H Hartley, Reno
G T Jamison & w, Cal J Zimmerman, Stktn
W R Clark, Stktn R N Jackson, Stktn
J L King, Cal ,1 W Rothenbusch, Cal
L Chevalier. St Helena 1' N Jones. L Ang
3 M Compton, Tucson R I Baxter, Cal
W Sherer Jr. . N, V NO Ruhlin. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Brlggs, BactO R Jacobs. Vlsalla
Z J Laspada, Petaluma Mrs J C Craddock, Ariz
A R Buckner. Cal I Evans. Vallejo
C W Brooks & w. Nev A E Young, Seattle
H Carlton & w, N V I C F«eld, Angels
C L Bolter, Dlxon H R Schell, Cal
Mrs C M Davidson, Cal C B Crede, Santa Cruz
Miss E Davidson, Sacto a Roberts, San Simeon
C Foster, Chlco '•-■.. E Wineman, Riverside ■
M Joyce, Fresno - - 1.. Forsberg, San Diego ,
C M Bosworth, Cal •
» ♦ «
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. July 6.— Porter Bros. & Co. sold
to-day at open auction California fruit at fol
lowing prices: Prunes— Tra#edys, $1 16©1 70,
slnKle orate; Simon!, $1 45. Plums— Burbanks.
$1 40. single crate; -Abundance. $1 20(31 25;
peach, $I'ls@l 20; Royal Hative, 80c. Apricots—
Royals, $1 15@1 20. Peaches— lmperials, $li?fl 10,
ulnßle crnte; St. Johns, Sac box; Hales Early,
60980 c; Hlnes" Surprise, f.5<5700. Cherries-
Royal Annes, 20cif;$l 05 box; Republicans. Kg
!>"o"; Tartarian.*, 3j(&65c. Seven cars California
fruit were sold on the Chicago market to-day.
Porter Bros. & Co. sold four cars.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Porter Bros. & Co.
sold to-day at auction California fruits at the
following prices: Pears— Bartletts, (1159170
finite crate; Burbanks, 80c®$l 45; California
Redp. $1 15@1 35; Abundance, 80c©$l 25; Nor
man-is, $115; Satsumas, $1; Royal Hatlve, 85c
(?isl; Clymans, $1 05; Catherines. BOMc; Yo-
Fabe 7Sc. 'Prunes — Tragedys, $10165, single
crates; Slmoni, Ssc«lsl 30. Apricots— Peach,
$125, single crate; Royals. 56c<g$l 20. Cherries
—Republicans, 50c«i$l 40 box; Red Cross, 75c;
Royal Annes, 25®75c; assorted, Too ; Napoleon.
«C. Peaches— St. Johns, S2cigst 15, single crate,
and blxiiOiK- a box; Alexanders, .75c; Hale's
Karly, 60c<S$l per box; BrlgKs' May, 50c. Flrs
—Blacks, 40@95c per eight-pound box. Fifteen
cars California fruit were sold on the New
York market to-day; Porter Bros. Bold nine
cars.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SPOKEN.
June 18. lat 30 N, lon 137 W— Schr Defender,
from Grays Harbor for Hllo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 6— Schr
Zampß, from Gunymas. ... „ „ t
I'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 6— Schr
Pallor Boy. from Newport: ochrs John A
Campbell and Endeavor, from Ran Pedro.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 6— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived July 6— Stmr Bur
gun.lla. from New York.
LIVKRPOOI*— Arrived July 6— Stmr Teutonic,
from New York.
yIKENSTOWN— Arrived July 6— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm 11. from Genoa.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Britannic, for Liver
pool; stmr Westernland, for Antwerp.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 6— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
€AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market srfl Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:3u o'clock.
616 Larkin street; -»"*n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until fl o'clock.
106 Eleventh utreet; open until 9 o'clock.
252 C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
fitreets: open until fl o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. AA. M., ■
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- _#\_
ING, July 7. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated jLjX
meeting. By order of the Master. '^w '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No .216. F. & A. M.. •
Chapter Hall, . Masonic Temple, Post -JV.
ar.d Montgomery sts.— Stated meeting T£_lT
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. July/^r^
7, IS9S, at 7:30 o'clock. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL. .W. M.
J.R. GOLDSMITH.: Secretary. •
YERBA BUENA ■ Lodge ; No. 15, . •*gsipSiU&,- -
I. O. ■> O. ;- F.— lnstallation TO- aSy^ggfc.
'.' NIGHT. Boys in blue invited..^KSS>^r
: JAMES BOYES. Rec. Sec. ,v **
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. -"fliiiLW"
207, I. ii. O. F., will inert
THURSDAY, July 7. at 8 p. in.
for Installation of officers. All P. yV/my V/m^ >
G. are especially requested to attend.
P. BIGUE, N. Q.
R. LAVIGNE, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be hold In the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
stF., on MONDAY, July IS, 1898, at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and Ran Joaquin VRlley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July, 1898, at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of s«ch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
CHURCH NOTICES.
THE Christian preaching and healing services,
being crowded out of the tent, are now held
each evening at 7 o'clock in Mills Tabernacle
(holding thousands). Twelfth and Webster
Fts., Oakland, by Rev. Francis Warnon, as-
sisted by several clergymen, etc. God is
working mightily among us; the totally blind
see: totally deaf hear; the lame discard
crutches, run and leap, praising Jesu3 only,
our Savior and Healer. BrirtK up your sick;
all Is without money and without price.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the
__Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
NOTICE is hereby Riven that the following
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys hava
been admitted to the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Haight st., from
January 1 to July 1, IS9S: Alleen F. Wolf,
HVs yrs; Margaret L. Wolf, y^i yrs; Hazel
I. Wolf, 8 yrs; Bella Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
Blanchard, 10 yrs; Leona Blanchard, 8 yrs;
Ethel M. Cheatham, 10/4 yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs; Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs; Rhoda
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ida Wedde, 8 yrs; Elizabeth
Meyer, 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs: Mary
Fleming, 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffler, S% yrs;
George L. Smith, 5V4 yrs; Arthur Smith, 12
yrs; Mark Smith, $\ yrs; Walter Smith, 7
yrs; Charles Fleming, ll^i yrs; Thomas
Forbes, 9 1-3 yrs;. John A. Primus, fcV4 yrs;
Hugo G. Berg, 9 yrs; Vivian Berg, 7 yrs;
Charles Wedde, 3% yrs; Louis H. Fiest, 12\
yrs; Albert Fiest, 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Fiest, 7Vi
yrs; Orion Blanchard, 11 yrs, and Henry
Koenlcke, 3 yrs.
NOTICE is hereby gtven that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned ulrls from Apill 1 to
June 30, 18S8: Mary Elizabeth Gresham, aged
7 years; Gladys Elizabeth Gresham, 5 years 3
months; Ruth Mytr Merrill. 2 years 6 months;
Amelia Daubet. 6 years; Hazel Densmore, 12
years 10 months; Isabella Hague, 10 years 9
months; Maybelle Benbow, 8 years 2 months;
Frederlcka Hermann. 7 years 5 months; Flor-
ence Hermann, 5 years 5 months; Mabel
Lavln, 12 years 1 month; Lizzie Reilly, 4
years; Marjorie Graham, 8 years 11 months.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum since January 1, 1898, to July
1. IS9S— Philip Kearns, 2 years; Patrick Nor-
ton, 6 years; Annie Norton, 5 years; Mary
McDonald, 4 years; John McDonald, 2 years;
Robert Cafferty, 6 years; Rose Gomez, 5 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Ft., room 6; ■ tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny St., room 20.
RAY FAIR, water reader and magnetic healer.
208 O'Farrell St., room 2.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post St.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15\i Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. HIS Market St., room 8.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER. 865V4 Market st., room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
massage. 101 Kddy st., room 12.
MISSL. DEANr9I7 MarkeVltTTparlors U and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32. Turk st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND -•■otlce— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco— A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th in«t.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
15th lnst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6. IS9B.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
— San Francisco, June 29, ISSiS — At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, 1898, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
IK9B. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California St.— For the half
year ending June 30. IS9S. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.2(0 per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (2.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
Ib9B. GEORGE TOL'RNY, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary St.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 3, IS9S.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
t.MPLOVMhSI OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market st. : phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRBT-CLASB German girl wishes situation
as rook; young and strong; understands all
branches of cooking; with best of city refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 3K! Sutter st.
DANISH holiae' Kirl withes situation; city or
country; good cook and laundress; 2 years
last place. Apply MILS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
ENGLISH woman; good cook and houseworker;
best references; »10 to $15. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
Yol'NG, strong woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. Tel. Green 721.
FIRST -CLASB German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CT'LLKN. 325 Sutter st.
NKAT young German girl desires situation at
housework, $10 to f 15 ; references. MISS
CT'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NUMBER of girls, all nationulit I. s. awaiting
situations, with first-class references, at
MRS. HIRD'S. 631 Larkin st. ; tel. Sutter 52.
GKKMAN cook, best of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT .V CO., 816 Sutter.
YOUNG girl, 1 year from Denmark, wishes sit-
uation for housework or care of children;
Berkeley, Oakland or Alameda. Call or ad-
dress 213 Sixth aye.. Richmond District.
NKAT middle-aged woman wants light house-
work where there are no children; small
wafres; good references. Address box B. C.
O. 108. Call office.
COMPETENT nurse would take care of lady In
confinement : tan raise babies on bottle;
best of reference. 121 Powell st., room 28.
EXPERIENCED German country hotel and
mining camp cook wishes situation. Address
MRS. REUTKR. 4fi:i Hobart Bt., Oakland.
LADY would assist In light housework, sew,
care Invalid or children; generally useful;
small salary. A. A., box 22i. Call office.
WIDOW Wants to tnke charpe of small lodging
house In exchange for room rent. Address
box B. C. 103, Call office.
YOI'NG girl wishes to do light housework;
small wages. Call at 11 V4 Clara st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to take care
of children and light upstairs work. 4330
Seventeenth st.
MIPDLE-AGED woman wants work; good
cook and housekeeper; good nurse in conrtne-
ment. Call 230',i Fulton st.
YOUNG married woman would like to do
housework or chamberwork; sleep home. Call
after 12. 21fi> : Sixth Bt,
YOUNG German woman with a child would
l'ke a pituatlon; across the bay preferred.
Call at 210 East st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of house-
cleaning fir chamberwork by day or week.
Call 217 Minna Bt., basement.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes a situa-
tion In small family; general housework. 253
Stevenson St., bet. Third and Fourth.
KLI'KKLY woman wishes, position to do light
housework; no washing; city or country;
small wages. Call or address 245 Natoma Ft.
YOUNG woman would like work of any kind
a few hours a day. Call or address M. 8.,
135 A Sixth St., upstairs.
i;ki:MAN woman, pixid worker, wants work
\<y the day; washing and housecleaning. 002
Stevenson St., near Sixth and Market.
YOI'NG Swedish girl wishes position In pri-
vate family for housework. Call or address
1381 Fifteenth St., Oakland.
YOUNG experienced woman desires a situation
as chambermaid In city only. Address box
3012, Call office.
GERMAN woman, understands care of Rick or
Invalid and light housework; wages very
small to suit. J. F., bnx lfiT, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes position where
she can make herself generally useful; small
wages. 329 Ellis st.
DRESSMAKER, ffood cutter and fitter, would
like to go out by the day; terms reasonable.
C. J. 8.. box 30, Call.
GERMAN woman wants laundry work and
housecleaning by the day, $1 10. 350 Fifth st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, cooking or
washing; references. 244 Minna st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; $1 per day
Call at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATIONS A. Continued.
WOMAN wants plain sewing; 75c per day. 350
Fifth st. MRS. GREEN. ..
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day; $1 and car fare. 132 Sixth st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as housekeeper
» good cook; city or country. Call 347 Minna st.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged woman;
Is : good cook; do general . housework: ' will
work for moderate wages; city or short dis-
I tance in country; willing and obliging. Ap-
ply 10 Stockton place, off Stockton St., bet.
:'... Post and Sutter. ' ______
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
In a small family to assist with light house-
' work; would make herself useful ;~ references.
Address box 330, Call office.
WANTED— A position as assistant housekeeper
in a quiet family of adults; extra reliable;
wages moderate. Inquire 11 Erkson court, off
, I'ost,' near Devlsadero.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter; willing to assist with office
work. Address box E. A. G., 07, Call office.
GERMAN girl would like place as cook or
V housework; last place 4 years and a half; $25.
■ 184 Preclta aye., bet. ■ Mission . and Howard.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wetnurse, wishes
, situation in some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, 801 Vallejo st.
SITUATION wanted by a neat young Ger-
man girl for chambermaid and waiting or
housework. Please call at 321 Ellis, room 74.
YOUNG German girl of 14 years would like a
position in Catholic family. -Apply 741V4
Thirteenth st., bet. Church and Sanchez.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation; laundress.
Address 745 Howard st., between Third and
• Fourth; MRS. TIBBETHS.
WANTED— By a good, respectable girl, to do
general housework Ind cooking. Please call
- at 2422 Geary St.
YOUNG girl wishes place to do general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. Call at
710 Folsom st. ; no postals answered.
WOMAN wishes ladles' or family washing to
take home. Add. MRS. STACK, 418 Austin.
YOUNG colored girl desires a situation as nurse
for one child or light second work, $12. 1419
Jackson st. - -,-.; v ■:.,
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation to do
cooking and light washing. 1024& Geary st.
GERM—, girl wishes a place as second girl;
$20. 184 Preclta aye. Mission and Howard.
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife; home In conflne-
. ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
REFINED middle-aged German working house-
keeper wants situation; city or country. 259
Stevenson st., bet. Third and Fourth.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper;
good cook; city or country. MRS. STURM.
147 Powell st.
MONTGOMERY, 627. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
, tel. Main 11*97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. : tel. Eaßt 426.
SITUATION wanted by steady, reliable man as
carpenter on a ranch or institution: under-
stands thoroughly wagon work and all kinds
of farm machinery; Is a good plain black-
smith; state wages. Address M. R.. box 420.
Call office.
RESPONSIBLE and educated married man
wants to take charge of a gentleman's pri-
vate place; country preferred; or position In
city as Janitor; business references. Address
J. P., box 64, Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable gentleman of ex-
perlence, position as working assistant to *
dentist; wages on application; references If
required. Address or apply 709 Ivy aye.
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
of delivery wagon or willing to do anything
else; good references; give bonds if required.
S. A., box 747. Call office.
— Situation, city or country, as gar-
dexfer, by steady middle-aged man; can drive
milk; handy with tools; references. Box
1094, Call office.
SITUATION wanted around place by elderly
active man; good horseman, milker and gar-
dener: references. A. 8., box 1560, Call office.
SALESMAN making Northern California. Ore-
gon, Washington and Idaho wants good side
line on commission. M. A., box 72. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with good references
would like to take charge of horses, chickens
: and garden: wages small. 406 Clementina st.
STEADY, industrious young man of 23 wants
situation; generally useful about gentle-
man's country place. _O. P.;".. box 34. Call.
WANTED— By man handy ■at "" carpentry and
ga:denlng, steady work; will work for small
pay. Box 122. Call office. ■
WANTED— A position by a young man; Is I.
O. O. F. ; strong and willing to work; give
me a call. Address E. C. H., box 05, Call.
RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
would like position in retail or wholesale
house, where there is a dunce for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box SSS,
Call, or S. F. Turn -Hall. J. BULLINGER.
GERMAN, ape 28, wishes position In private
family; speaks English and Scandinavian;
kind to horses; handy with tools. Box 7459,
Call. ■
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter in
liquor store; rectifier and compounder. Ad-
dress box 150, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swede; first-
class coachman and gardener; good refer-
ences. Address A. 1., box S, Call Office, Oak-
land. .
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277. Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATION wanted In furniture or grocery
business by an experienced young man. G.,
box 10, Call office.
JAPANESE tailor would like to get employ-
ment In reliable tailoring house; 15 years' ex-
perience; wages on application. Address T.
T., 725 Geary st. 'v' v .;»
BOOKKEEPER— double entry and
correspondent; Al' city references. Box 90,
Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Ca*l. Pent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. -
HELP ..WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS, country hotel, mining town, $20;
waitress, plain hotel, city. $20; chambermaid
and waitress, country hotel, $20, see party
here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PROTESTANT second girl, Oakland, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
PROTESTANT nurse, child 5 years, $15, across
the bay; housework. $20, same place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GIRL, bakery, Vallejo. $15. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $15, Menlo Park. MISS CULLEN.
. 325 . Sutter St.. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman, chamber work 110
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ' *
GIRL to work by the day. MISS CULLEN
: 325 Sutter st. . --:.-: :■'-.- -'-
MIDDLE-AGED woman, ranch, $15 MISS
CULLEN. 325 Batter Bt. '
NEAT young second girl. Santa Cruz, $15, see
lady.here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl, same house, country
.$20.. MISS CULLEN. ; m Sutter st. country '
TO-DAY we have positions open for waitresses
: in some of the best commercial hotels In Call-
fornla. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL housekeeper, city, $25; waitress resort,
$25; la waitresses, city and country hotels. $20;
man and wife as waiter and chambermaid
country hotel, $35, see party here; 2 hotel
. ironers, resort near city, $25 and found ; re-
sort cook. $3a; 2 girls for chamberwork and
waiting, same place, $20- hotel laundress,
Hl? ln ,T." £' *'-•"'• C(<untr C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. • -
23 HO EG S for clty and country places.
■ J?o' UKU X a d # a A. ' oun S Kirls to assist. $10 and
■■■$12. C..R. HANSEN & co 104 Geary st.
V M £ wlth & chlM - *15. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $20; German second girl. $25;
/Nogfcygi BBS rl to^ slst ' $1 °- MRS -
COOK, $30: . 3 cooks at $25 each: . houseglrl, $25,
two In family; housegirl,' Alameda. $20; sec-
ond . girl. ; $15; seamstress, $15; middle-aged
, woman in country, $20; cook, $20: 8 house-
girls, $15 each; 10 housegirls at $20 each; 10
' young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter; st.
COOK, •>; private hospital. $30; 3 German. Amer-
ican and Irish second girls, $20; chambermaid,
wait 1 meal, ; $22 50; waitress, same house,
$22 50; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, $20
and $25, and girls for cooking and housework.
J.-F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
DELLA i McKAY wanted as pastry '< cook for
■-: .. summer resort by " HOTEL ■ GAZETTE, 420
. Kearny ' st. .;
WANTED— Experienced hairdressers and man-
icurers:>no others need -apply. Address W.
C, box 110, Call office.;. ■ 
GIRL ; for general housework: wages $10. 17
Hartford st., between Eighteenth and , Nine-
teenth, Noe and.Castro. - c ;- -.
GOOD . home -f in ' small family f or .-' respectable
.; woman jin exchange for light services. • 73i}4
Minna st. ■ ■■ ■, •• . , , ■ -
HELP AVAXTEn^Contlnuedl^l^
OPERATOR on button^oSo Machine; S also* .e-p-
operators on wrappers', power. ' tUmmml'- ;'et.
WANTED— ap'untlc '• girl * on Slight
fancy work. Apply *'.,:.; !-., Call office.; affJi!
YOUNG girl about isT to- assist , with!|l!ght
housework. 1510 > >' K.i> • t-I.i st. " : ■' : ,• ['itiiHtf.
GIRL for general houe-e^orii 'Apply 2634 How-
ard st. . ;. . ; :!..; ; ::,jajat|ljs||.f;
FIRST-CLASS pants f.n -In - "83 Stevenson Bt.,
rear. _,_ ■: 'ivY l.tmiMM t
WANTED— A woman le.-irous of a home; i very
light work. Apply ■< uart-st.'*,^ :ij:j!|^t 5
SMALL girl to help -with light " housework;
sleep home. " 759 1 • Howard st y ". 'iWtUUfVA
WANTED— Young girl for light housework'
Apply S2l Harrison st ■<::: 9to 12.* gi|Sfcl^sf
GIRL for general hot-s-;-.vorkV country;! refer-
ences. Call 9 to 2 at i'ZTy 'rwentiethjHtJ KB|f
WANTED— Experienced iromirs at ContralCosta
Laundry. Fourteenth -at?fl: iOrkhanvJOttkland.
FINISHERS on custom . ..its. 527 Market; st;
room 402. . ■-'■ ■■'-'■-:--\mmibm\
YOUNG Protestant gir-. for .eneral ; housework;
2612 Howard st. ;_;.•. !. :pin?ti§?|iJ.l
MIDDLE-AGED womaii, il.--- hnu:-<--\-. -v, wait
on lady; wages $8 tc li*».; 716 Franklin >gt?jss;
WATCHMAKER, jewf-Kr" ;or similar;; businpss
can have first-class 'vinfrtunlty:;. with tflhe'
show window, etc. M' Broadway.' Oaklaad.l;i
WANTED— German or | girl for i'woniah \
for - general housew ; • lain : cooking B|tti I
small family; very r^-. place; Eoodtihoine; ■
family at present in' tee' country. r; Apply 1 a *>
107 Larkln st. ;. ">". : ■ '-('.Ks.itehß l
WIL^. give single or -'sorted : woman room for
2 or 3 hours work d-; Maple House, B«Vi
Market st. £_. ." . .VAVJt'iWfilVi .
STRONG country girl: tiie in .baby , 5 inak-
herself useful; good JsosVi-'; $10. Address box
997. Call office. - : ; ;■. , ___J»^LM \.s\
GIRL for general house for smaJljtaniily. 1
901 Point Lobos aye.. oar. Johnston. 'ls3B2 lit-
APPRENTICE wanted tor hair ! work at G.
LEDERER'S, 111 Stockton st. ■'■'; jt.lttial'^l
APPRENTICE to learn Tailoring:, ■' paid i while
learning. Box 5224, Coll. . .», iimfj..\-U:
LEARN dressma ng acd millinery:- position*
free; patterns 25c up. Do wall's. 103 ; Post, i
LAWRENCE DresscuttJ^s School.-^ lJT93Miuil»«
■t.: perfect lit: no trfljig 1 on; t trial tfrw.isjiift.it
WANTED— GirIs and laiif-s to lratn "Rood'«
maelc scale dress cuttlr-tr system. complet*! ln
10 days; open evening- gciod pay. % 107 Taylor.
615 LARKIN ST.— Br. r r office i of The Call.
Subscriptions and wantf.ds taken.feaHafcßtgl
HELP WAN ? I 1 1— 3IALE.
A^^O^D^Tr^iuulmA^ & 'RE^JDY^?!TO-r)AT
...Leading Employmen: nr.d Labor Agents...
Want To-dayiV"..:;'..':;xt:7.~:tV!
307 i n\-n ...:::.r.'.T.-f.tT.K\TA
Free fare ' Free fare
1657 railroad teamsters find laborers,** wages 1
...:.v.'.sl 75 « day
For four frr^i.! rallroails:.:r:;''A:^<;;
To Arizona— soo men •.n.nted...'....;*.:.tr::"it?t;
26 teamsters In San Frj.ncl*co..:..:r.sl'i7Sjday
29 laborers In San Frf.r:-.ifio $175 day
126 woodchoppers.... ...s/ ..$1 DO and $l-eord
134 tiemakers .;.Boito He each
10 brickyard laborers ....$1 75{to : d»y
10 scraper teamsters, ciiy Jnb:.;.s2S an i found
MtTKICAY & ■READY.ifs]
aC.u;;;;;.:^:;.:^.^^ ; . ....634-636 ;ciayjBt:!sJ
NOTICE BY..S. P. It. U. free.. Vfriee! fare^i
To-day at 1 p. m. a:-.<. 3 p.- -my.. we '.want^lo'
dispatch 25 teamsters/ ?mall teams," sl' 7s; flay !{
remember, "not fare »cvanoBd''"but!i*'frf«f!j
"free" "tare." MUUJtAY &'< READ Y.S 633
636 aay at. -. ~.X ' ".". = 1 Mf jn>*3 ! '3
A— s44 PER MONTH AX-3 FOUND.t^'.r.'.tr.'iSil
$4-> »>er month ! and' found
10 common laborers for pick and bhovel work
in a gravel mine; :;• experience {required;
great bank and ' mining corporatloplt.JT.'itii
MURRAY & itUJADY.'A'r;
........ C34-636i<; lay IBUiij
A— TO a Great. .California, Comme^ fal! ißank
We want to-day 15 ir.-n to pick fruit. 0 } dte
small trenches, to T»aler vines,' (■''^■B^H
fruit, work in pack: :m: houses and ido iany
other class of work Vb-; bank officials idlrvgt
you to do: good food: white cook;eaiploye<li
good accommodations: meney paid Ir. iU>S.'
gold coin Ist of each niotnh; fare S0c;!-ww;e3
$20 and found :..v.V;:.-..:;v.;|;
MIftKAY & KEADY,;.S:
C 34-63 5; Clay.? ptj] ,
A— s3o PER MOXTH ANIVFOUNDJi'.'/.VJii 1 .;??.*
$".'i iii month .ir.d found
12 common laborers to cut bnish." loiid ition
boats, clean up a parcel at land.'ietc.'.v/ara
30c. for one of San -K-ar.clsco'a gre.it : com-
mercial houses. MUHHAY & R8A1»Y,' ! 634-
636 Clay st. _._ .. , -.' ,ij|^ij
A— 3 CARPENTERS K-.: A MINE, $2 50 ' DAY,
• •'■ 1 cvpenter, city;. s2 SOlday
. MURRAY & READr, .^n-636, Clayj, sUVil \ :uj
A— TO THE GREAT " GOLD FIELDS !IN
:•...............:. California '..-".v.n-.r.-J.;.!.
23 gold gravel inln. i \v3intcd.»j |7S iip«f
month. MURRAY ,<• H12A D1", ; 634-635 CIW Itlj
A— 2 ENGINEERS, one one! fot
Oregon. MURRAY ,-. j'tE ADY. i 684-636| Clay; 11
A— "FREE" .':. .". iFREE
Into the beautiful va.leys of California^"
Free ; FHre ...;.r...T;r:*.Freft
126 two-horse teamster* ....."..* T. sl l 7s i'dajr,
112 four-horse tt:amste-s ......;.. ....Il 75 day
MURRAY * RKAPY. G34-C3B Clay, st.'^
A— s2 50 DAY" ........FROM $2:SO) DAY,
No Expert- Wantea ••♦«;JisS jiv^sa
, For a syndicate and t ■■:-?. $15,000,000 limited
96 laborers around thosa great mining plants,
etc wages in.-m $2 50 day.'.iJiJ.V.V.r
special reduced railro rat«s by S. l P.'lti S." J."
& v. R. R ;.-...; :. 4 .rH::;.irHv
MUHPJV.Y & ■: READY,' t-|U
— ....... .634-636 ; Ctayj .at.i'H
A— GREAT FARMS.. . '. . t.OVELY ORCHARDS
Beautiful V^nuyarda- : -. v */i'(^ IHJM
49 men" for different v!f>yard». orchards and
farms ■".".*r;.'r:..V."T
Wages $26/ $25 mi $20 and fonndAV.^r
20 haymakers for diftt— ent places,? $25 and
found ....;. ; *.v.in f,; s .JSJ
6 choremen and rous- , outs, $20 i found..
4 hay balers, dlfferer..- places  ..\. "."..' t.*r.:' .'."
MUHItAY & P.EADY. •••SJI
634-636 SCIay, st.{ ||
4 ironers, Troy and T 1-r machines, free fare»
' 3 markers and distributer*. . fare t paid.*.l ? i-'-%
-...' MURRAY & READY. (i ]
634 and 636 Clay st. i
A... RESTAURANT ANl> HOTEL HKIJ^TT;
19 cooks for different places, $65, ,$50," 540,' $35
and $25. j;\?, ftK'sj- it
16 waiters for different places,* $30,1 f!5, $23
and $20 and found. J-t-lliirt : -- j* I
19 dishwashers for different places, .$25, < $20
and $15 and found. • f |
Walter and tend bar, small place natr city,
$20 and found. , .;.:;!; -1| 4 J Mri
MUiiP.AT & READY.
.634 and 636;CUtf-8t:-.|
A— TYPEWRITER, stenographer « anlfftook
keeper, combination man: country St ; $31
and increase: see boss at our office.'fi'MUß-
ßAY & READY, 634 ar j 638 Clay st.l||j| ; ; { |
A — MAN to take charge of a spool donkey, fpi
sawmill company $43 andfnunii
1 Gang edger man for £i>;.vmlU companj««£r;.**
.. $40taw8Houinl
2 spool tenders for sa-.vrnill company .T.|2 day
Ml r SUUT.& READY.* j
S3* and ■"> CSiyjst." j
A................ BAKER' H ELpTTTITE^I^H?
2 boys or young men t.) work In baajfj. $30
and $15 and found: » ' 'P.KAY & RS3ADY/
634 and 636 Clay st. .' ■, % || J_jJX
AT C. R. HANSEN & OS, iO4 OrAHV, ST.
wantkt) — ;.."'.'.t:-R3 ?.-::.-.
For the Alaska and Ska-atay ' : i: i t <«ffio»rli!
300 laborers and rock' <n. $3 30 -a-: days f spe-
cial reduced steamer rt^es. Mr. , Staafej- of
Skaguav will bo her to-,lay rn.'MnUrvievv
men. The next steal: »aIU Sitnda'>.|fCaii
on us for rates ■. ........
, ... for THr mines ...,K
10 men to do general i '..ring work IlnS and
around a large mine; vajres $1 60-.ttH|t;,So a
day: any able bodied :,i n run do tht|Hork:
no experience needed: t» ; lured rallrtxid ilfares.
"..?..„ RAILROAi work ;:4t;.:.v
''*' In Callfir-aia .....'..".;.fT«e faro
r>o men For Coac; Road ...;.:frM>l faro
100 For Valley i, .ad ■:.:;.:. .fr*eifare
10 ...For Stockton. ;3load.. ....".. fr*«;^fan>
'.'..'....... FARMS. ' ORC!< , ftDS.' * X Vc.jE.' .'...'
10 farmers, same rancK >.nth, $20 tuid' found;
4 farmers for an orchau:. $10 andfjujftljiialso
ranch hands for San Ma^fo, Contra < "onta and
Hutte counties ....; iY.y:!".'/.. •
.woodsmen :....::. :vfsfe:.!.v
Logger, $60 and found; tjiool tendef.TWS'and
found;: screw turner. -r and : board;} barkers
and buckers, $3.'> and >• nil ...:.'.;%:'.■..••
.................. BLACK.iRHTHS •.. T ..'J-;itsi:".:... J
For a railroad - camp.'- fj-. a: day, r're^l'^are:
ranch, $35 and found: 2 Nlpers/ sl . a "<Say 1 and
board and $25 and fou»«l ••»!■»'■■•
10 men for a gravel m}!;e, $2 50 aday S ji»oard
$1 a week ............ .^... ...:.'...-;r.V.%: .%?.*..•-.. '•'
COOKS .:..:. A~.r.'ttKl'i--'-.
Meat and pastry, coo*," country hot«iljjis7s:
' pecond cook, summer »«Mort,?JO;jUhtriif<tf>t |
summer resort. $35 an.d<!iire advanced; JMscdnd
. cook, saloon. $45: assiHtKnt conk.t $» a^HH'k;
camp cook. $40: second -^rxik. $75:,br6ll«ttK3'i
night cook, $50... ..... i.; r..V.V:?ife"t.'i'-'
..................... WArr??HS .. ;...:: ■s::«a:..v
, 2 waiters for a camp, {2'>. • fan»!6o»j;i**ilter,'
oyster house, $35: hotej.: *S0; country
$25: country institution *'■■'•: Fprlngs.r mL'i.':.'
LAUNDR2" I?.ELP,::.vr£ffsf.\V.-
Washer, hotel. $30 nr-': round; ironer? ■ $30;
marker and distributors ; : i". and ' found f»t.'.". -
...r.....C. R. HANSEN '. CO-.tlMiC^aia^ gt.
WANTED— Second .' cook i r rrstauflvA] i*':
cook. $45; Assistant ••■•■ -: , $20 r< and* loom;
kitchen hand, J2"; 3 d'- I 'vashera, |BS <":
waiters for city and . cc 1 . --it -y. $20 to|s4ii}tfcar-
dener with references. J .-' man aboutl private
place. $15; shirt Ironer. -VSSS; 3 iron#B,^Bun-
try, $30; young man to t!m t ! a laundry, «rtiron,
$25 and found: l' >' for, 'chores,- private ljilbcp,
country. $15: watch ret- r: harnp«S'mal{«>r;
porter. $10. etc. ANDR-i'f S,. 316 Stoc-ktn||jBt. .
WANTED— Typewriter aiM stenoerraviheft't city
office, nice place. - : sso <i<t r month; WaciWTilth
for ranch. $40 and hoaro Ptii > ady pHicflHHßrk-
' smith for shop near cif -l ,-f) and nX 10
men for brickyard. $2. and l|Kjfl^ESß r ' ] :
farmers, milkers, scru.-.fi . teamsters:|}ibp'l-
■ maker. $25: cook, : $55, f-:- advancedifilstoflor.
$50; f French • meat cook $'■ '< no baking*;? and
others. W. D. EWER &CO.I 626 Clar.«MHELr W ANTED— Continued.
WANTED- W teamsters and laborers, $1 60 and
Jl "■> n day: farmer and wife. $40; men to
clean brick; farmer, $1 25 a day and board;
2 carpenters for a mine, $2 SO a <lay; shoe-
maker; saddle makers; Scandinavian far-
Apply to J. P. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
.'■lt Tit I St.
WANTED— Chef for restaurant; 3 broilers, res-
taurant and lunch places, $50; second cook,
$35; lunch cook, $40; cook, country $35;
10 Walters. Cltj nnd country, $25 and SSS and
$10 a week, colored elevator boy, very nice
place, city, first-class. $10 and found; kitchen
men, all prices. Apply to J. F CROSETT &
m i unento st.
er week, miss cullen. 32", Gut-
ter st.
iTEL GAZETTE,
4.'^ Kearny st.
WANTED Young man as cayhler in retail
business; must understand typewriting; give
salary expected and references. IS. C, box
107, Call office.
WANTED— Boy in drug store; recommendation
and 1 year's experience required. Apply at
and Kearny sts.
GOOD ironer and distributor, $2 per day. Ap-
• ply St. Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and
m sts.
CUTTER of experience on ladles' waists and
I- «ms; Htate full particulars. M. R., box
313. Call.
•UNO men for nice cruise: good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S. 2G Steuart st.
EXPERIENCED B> licitor for ads in magazine.
1134 Golden Gate aye.
BTR< iNG boy, wages $3 50 a week, with in-
crease; top floor. IS Fremont st.
WANTED— Good, steady waiter. Apply at 3
Jackson st.
HELPER for restaurant who understands short
_orders. 17^3 Halght st.
WANTED -Pressman on custom pants. 411^t
Kearny st.; top floor.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. $7. 141 Ellis st.
yiRST-CXiABa waiter wanted. 29 Stockton st.
MAKER who wonts to run or buy shop,
■v.ercial st.
PETENT solicitor on wagon for dyeing
and renovating. Emporium Renovatory 109
Eddy Ft.
GOOD errand boy: references. 2009 Flllmore st.
BOY to do janitor work for tuition at San
FVancisco Barber College, 138'^ Eighth st.
WANTKTV-Gnndyoar machine operator. Apply
CAHN. NICKELSBURG * CO., 117 Hayes st.
TRAVELING salesman; gloves as side line on
commission. Empire Glove Works, 210 Third.
LADY and gentlemen solicitors to sell neces-
sary household article. Box 7643, Call office.
SOLDIERS and their friends wanted to eat
best 10c meal in Oakland. SSS Franklin st.
BAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S,
604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ri'lkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 2H Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2>.c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^ Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
nic> md $1 per week.
MKN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 SO; men's
soling, 35c; only one price.. 559 Howard st.
BINGLB furnished, fine, large, sunny and. airy
m, 25c night. Rosedale Hou«e, 321 Ellis.
BARBERS- Ass'h Free Employm't Office. S.
• 136.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 16c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
cW .lection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baefrage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
ELEVENTH^ l'^-Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A live partner with a practical
knowledge nf carpets, rugs, draperies, etc .
to iro in the renovating business; a new
proreps now in use in the East; capital neces-
sary, J'''"". r» •• lulred, Address
KT.T'ANIT. lvx 7U!. < all o.'fl -c.
Mill SBi \\ AM'ED.
hi me fi r boy 4'- 3 years In Protestant j
family n. rth Market St., where there are no ,
• children preferred; $S. .M. V., box 14, j
office.
FURNISHED house wanted in San Francisco
t r two months In exchange for furnished
h'.use in Sausallto. Address box FH. "1. Call.
11 RNISHED HOUSES WAMTBD.
■ TED— Furnished house or cottage in Mill
Valley for the month of August. Address,
stating terms and full particulars, to A. L.,
■'nil office.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 3 or 4 well lighted unfurnished
rooms within 10 minutes of Montgomery it.;
rent between I s and $9. A., box 230. Call.
ItOOMS AM) BOARD WANTED.
LADY wishes to place a boy of 8 In small
family: state terms, etc. Address M., box
'"•nil office. «
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED -1 !■•■>•' nd-hand steam boiler. 25 to 30
'.■■-horse power engine.
Address GEORGE H. TAY CO, 816 Battery.
3 SHETLAND p"n. v colts Just weaned; must be
cheap and small. G. H. CROLEY, 417 Sacra-
mento st.
Kl>l < ATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, Englißh branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed Elnce 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy enmedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincald at her
school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYHES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, tel'graphy. etc.; life scholar-
ship. 160; low rates per week and month.
MR AND MRS7~DICKINSON'S Academy, 1147
Franklin Ft ; co-educatlonal boarding and day
mplete English. French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
k KEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
t\ r Ugh. room 572. Parrott building^
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write forcirculan
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey, assay, archtt. ; day A eve.;
est. 1*64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LOST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San l^anclsco, In the
name of CATHERINE NOLAN. No. 114,303.
The finder will please return to bank.
$10 REWARD— Lost, n black pug dog, in the
vicinity of Octavla and Vallejo Kts.. on July
turn to UM Sutter st. and receive reward.
\ Yorkshire terrier with Jack and 1721.
Vallejo, on collar. Return to 710 Folsom st.
and r.- -\v> liberal reward.
LOST— Btone marten fur collar; on Market,
near Mason. Call at 215 A Post and receive
reward.
Scotch terrier, female, reddish hair on
M.is.n; rc-elve reward.
!"' 'X ' ',isy: cut on
trd. Cor. Glen Parkand Bond.
Small black and tan bitch; lias fresh
d on neck, Htinhed and bandaged. Re-
turn to I. W. O*ROURKE, Veterinary Sur-
k- 'n, 1507 California at., and receive reward.
LOST Satchel containing bankbook and gold
eyeglasses and valuable papers. Return 118
Lily aye.
FOIM).
FOUND— Young Pt. Bernard dog. Apply 804
<"• t.tral aye.
T) IM: WRITERS.
ALL typewriters n«ld and rented; few partly
uctd for Fale eht-aij; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomry.
N Hy ■ $tt; Callgraph, $2J. SCOTT,
■!.'3 M'.i.iKr'mery st.
STORAGE.
pi ERCEJRUDOIVh
Irnth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 182 L
BUSINESS CHANCES.
£00— DAY saloon; near large business houses;
doing good business; fine fixtures; best bar-
K;iln in the city. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
DAY saloon and lunchhouse; best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments; must be
■ !.i; owner retiring. M. LESS, 76; Market st.
=500 — SALOON, with 5 living rooms, including
furniture; large stock; fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS, 705 Market st.
! JAK store ajid laundry; prominent cor-
ner; baa pood stock and doing good business;
see it at once. M. LESS, 765 Market st. op-
i ■ Phelas building.
fti RESTAURANT; excellent location! do"
ing a. good business; rent,, only $20; good bar-
gain. I II to day. M. LESS, 765 ' Market st.
F2SO— HOUSE of 7 rooms on Market st.; newly
furnished; full of steady roomers; worth $600;
must be sold at once; parties going East.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— SALOON; best location in the city; re-
ceipts «1S to $25 a day; must be sold at once;
owner going East. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
|17l PARTNER wanted In paying restaurant,
north of Market: an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. M. LESS. 765 Mar-
ket st.
: JALOON near Kearny St.; established 15
years- doing a good profitable business: more
than value in stock. M. LESS, 765 Market St..
Lite J'helan building.
$800— RESTAURANT and lunch house in vi-
cinity of ciuus Spreckels building; old es-
tablished place dclng a good business: sick-
■ of. sale. If. LESS. 7G5 Market st.
A— 11200; HOTEL and bar; near boat landing
and depot; 35 furnished rooms; 40 steady
Lirgo transient trade. KREDO &
i: y st.
CORNER grocery and bar; $500 cash,
balance time; all fresh Btock; fine; business;
mostly bar trade. KREDO & CO.. 22' 3 Geary.
BOOO— GROCERY, Oakland: exchange for
ranch; also $2000, grocery and bar: exchanga
for Oakland or Alameda home. KREDO &
CO., '-- • tietiry st.
11100— FAMILY liquor store *v ( th bar and side
entranoe; value In stock. KRKDO & CO.
a |SM; RESTAURANT. $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders- other good restaurants from $200
KREDO & CO., 22V* Geary st.
a MEAT market: $50 daily; oldest in city;
make offer. KREDO & CO, 22Mi Geary St.
A 1200; branch bakery-, notions and school sup-
plies: near school. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— $1000;*~WOOD, coal, hay. grain and boarding
stable. KREDO & CO.. 22>4 Geary st.
$1500— CAN DY store and factory; bargain, on
account of Immediate departure. McLAUGH-
LIN .\i CO.. 23 Kearny Bt^
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying legitimate
business: will pay to each over $5 dally. Mc-
LAUGHLJN .V- CO.. -3 Kearny st.
$Cio FIRST-CLASS restaurant tor sale in Oak-
land, owner has had the place S years; loca-
tion is the best in the city; on principal
street: no opposition: clearing $200 per month;
this is a rare chance; proprietor is goin/r to
Europe. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
r: PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts $16 to $20 per day; clearing $75 per
month to each; trial allowed; must have
help. HEALY. 917 Market St.
KTNKK wanted; lijrht business; indoor
work, no r,i*ht or Sunday work; experience
rial given: $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
1150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, slt-
ii. best market in city. UASILE. 873^4
tet et.
WANTED — A first-class saloon man to rent
the Rosedale saloon, corner Eighth and Mar-
ket sts.; either alone or in partnership with
the advertiser. Apply to A. G. ALLEN, Cen-
tral Park. 1453 Market St.
j26tX) — An old established business doing busi-
ness in 4 large cities; <lea.rs about $200 per
■!.; thorough investigation. Box O. O. 09,
Call office.
FOR Sale — Excellent laundry route and wagon,
very cheap; reason for selling, going East.
Addresi M 8., bo* 848, Call office.
>n account of sickness, bakery and
candy store; great bargain. 1120 Howard St.
FOR sale — Old-established grocery. Inquire 252
First St., corner Clementina.
$:.">— NOTI"NS and groceries; cheap rent; 3
rooms. 36S Eleventh st.
I I MILK routes doing paying cash busi-
ness, together with depot selling produce,
cans, horses, wagons, harness, etc.; $25 cash
-. in daily; no books kept; owner leav-
ing town. J., box In, Call office, Oakland.
SACRIFICE; grocery, bakery, stationery; good
business; g m l neighborhood; 4 rooms; very
low rent; excellent chance for either man or
woma*; no reasonable offer refused. Address
A., box X, <'al! office.
'•■I: SALS Sali n: stock and fixtures; one of
the best locations In the city; doing a good
bu.-int-ss; no reasonable offer refused; good
reason for selling. 434 Pine st., near Kearny.
FOR SALE — A well (stocked grocery and bar:
old established business: run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
FOR SALE— Saloon downtown ; Market st. ;
bargain. Address W. H.. box 105, Call Office.
BARBER shop, three chairs, steady, for sale.
Particulars, H. H.. box ;,. Call Office.
F< >H SALE — Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at IS East st.
»50— SALOON: day business. f,06 Clay St.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; retiring from busi-
ness. 2sr^j Twenty-first St., corner Florida.
ONE-HALF interest in a good hand laundry;
has a good trade; parties going to the coun-
try; will sell at a bargain if taken soon; no
agents. Address A, box 500, Call office.
FOR sale— Barber shop: 1 chair; 1707 Market
.st., near Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $1250. Box 201. Call Office.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena:
German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI A ANDERSON, Kt. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Cali-
fornla, for saie: chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
BAKERY, selling 5 buckets bread over coun-
ter; good cake trade; rent $30. 3025 Sacra-
mento st.
FOR SALE— Cheap; bar and grocery; $250. G.,
box 25, Call office.
LONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap If at once. Box 1256, Call office.
Fni! sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 4ir. Sacramento St.
LODGING HOUSISS FOR SALE.
A- KRE I >< ) &"co Vvi Geary' st!
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms; best $46.10,13 rms; clears $50.. .5850
SO rms; corner 1200! 12 rms; best 500
53 rms; Sixth st. . 18001 U rms; transient H5O
48 rms; Geary — 2000 : llrm«; good 400
30rm«; Kearny.. 2ti'K) 10 rms; O'Farrell... 550
B rms; Post 1550 9 rms; Leavenw'th. 275
22 rms; transient. 900 9 rms; Taylor 350
20 rms; very best 1600 9 rms; Jones 450
20 rms; cor. Kear- 8 rms; Jones 225
ny ICO" 7 rms; Geary 225
17 rms; Powell... 700 1 And many others.
14 rms; Eddy 850!
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
50 ROOMS and 58 rooms, exchange for city or
Oakland property. KREDO & CO., 22\4 Geary.
■0-ROOM German hotel HIM
frO-room corner house; clears $300 1400
28- rooms; rent $50; central 650
19 rms.; boarding 1500 10 rms.; fine cor... 300
15 rmß.: corner... 900 15 rms.; on 4th St.. 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
5300— LODGING house of 20 furnished rooms-
all rented: rent $35. J. B. GIACOMINI, 12
Montgomery aye.
NICE corner house of 32 rooms, all rented;
reasonable. 704 Howard, cor. Third St.
LODGING-HOUSE Cor sale very cheap, at 25
Ninth st.
HORSES.
SaMP wagons, buggies, wagons. narness"oTafi
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia St.
10 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors«» Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
nay. SULLIVAN «■ ! iQTI.R. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons~cheap
for ca?h or Installments ; 1 fine top and open
bupKV; also 1 hack S2S Harrison st.
3PECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle^
bold .Hajnes3_Cg : ,_2n_J^rjUn,_opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING.
Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works^CleansT
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
UiVAN'i'E Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
[ MrgrEKN'f '""!- Carpet-Clennlng Co., 4J3
Stevenson st.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
JARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at So.
STRATTON, II Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 844.
'. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
SONSXOTB Carpet-Beating Works, 338 Golden
Gate aye.; teL East 128.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG lady, wishes to go on the sta^e; has
had no experience. ■ Please call or ] address
3341 Twenty-fourth st. .... ,;• i
ROBERT RILEY JONES (enlisted), son of
Colonel Sidney B. Jones of Chicago, call im-
'. mediately on Captain John B. Jeffery, Quar-
termaster First Brigade, Camp ; Merritt, and
learn of something to your advantage.
GREVEN'S latest war song.' "Remember, Boys,
the Maine." is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms. 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building. 1226 Market St.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
new hairdressing parlors; hairdresslng, 25c
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st. , -
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of th^tailoring
. firm Curley & Wolf. S. P., Is now in business
at rm. 11, Maedonough building, Oakland.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair turn-
Ing gray. O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester,
House. 44 Third St.. 'near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
MRS. JOHNSON _ new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LI'MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St. ■'•■■;.-•.:
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
■ The Occult Wonder
Eddy 5t.— 325.
- .- . Always See the Best.
Gives invaluable advice on all affairs of life,
love, business, marriage, divorce, etc.. unites
separated, cause* speedy marriages, removes
domestic trouble, etc. ; full names, dates,
facts. in all cases; fee. $1 and $2; satisfaction
guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
eight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
oOc, gents sl; palm, andc'.alr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck: locates buried
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. MOREAU, best , medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10 cents;
_ gents. 25 cents. 221 Sixth St.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c 148 Sixth st., room 10. j
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; . past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. ha* opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2Kc up. 5 Fourth st.
MIGS EDNA V, GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 1.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. '
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS., first In her pro-
fession: never fails; advice: help. 929 Post «t.
MM 11 1 T.I AMS M.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c; 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 5. 679 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.: read-
Ings. $1; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p..m.: Sat. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. ■ -
' PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m.. 305 Larkln: readings at res.. 353 Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
}.i per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stein way dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter i
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A SNAP for spot cash can be had if you call
this morning; a party gone East must have
cash for fine, almost new upright. J. DEW-
ING CO., second floor, Flood building.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low. 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BBNJ CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chickerlng agents.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 76!» Market st.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary ot.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
PARTY going to England will sell new upright
piano cheap. DS4A Natoma st. .
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 21G McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. c HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Kills st. •
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNAHE pianos:' new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
■ MITLLER. mak.T. ; iirer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale— 2 diamonds, 4 carats each; mates;
bargain. M., box 325, Call . flee.
CHICKERING piano: good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutler st.
FOR Sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, l-"2 Seventh St., Oakland. -.:
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, - framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, We: .18x22, 35c; 20x24, 43c; 22x
. 28, COc; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones.G47 Mission.
THOROUGHBRED . Holsteln g cow for sale
cheap at 917 Elizabeth St.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill,- desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
EXCHANGE— mare for j type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st. ' ■ -
BARS, back bars, mirrors, '■ show . cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; ; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, . 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ' ' ':/ y
GAS fixtures very low; large., assortment; ■- 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. .
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 ' per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., 'pawn office. . • - ;•;,
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.,' 627. Mission.
J. R. POOL, . house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission ; tel. So.; 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont tc Howard.
SAFES and ; second-hand; • cheaper than
ever. Hermann • Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In I new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, show cases, • counters,' shelving, ; etc.;
l bought and sold. 1063 Mission, -near Seventh.
________________
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and ' White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. : 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired," bought, ' sold ;
;■ machine supplies. 145 .Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ; exchanged, rented;
- repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st, •>:".
HOUSES TO LET. ■■'J.\
JACKSON, 2008, « near Octavia— 9 s rooms . and
bath; all sunny; marine' view; location first-
class; rent only $30. Apply MADISON &
, BURKE. ■ - ;
NEW house, 12 rooms; Mission warm belt; rent
only $25. See ISAACS, ■ 240 Montgomery Bt.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery St. . ' ■ '■ ;: ; ;/'
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Call-
' fornia and Lake " sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. C2B Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. r.___^L_^__ ___^_
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333— 3- room cottage; yard
and chicken-house; $5 mo. San Mateo cars
to Thirty-fourth st. V
FLATS TO LET.
FINE flat 7 rooms and . bath; : 521 McAllister
St., bet. Van - Ness • aye. and Franklin. Apply
623 Golden Gate aye. ... y
PIERCE, 3032, near Greenwich— New upper flat
of 5 large rooms and bath; basement; yard; $18.
GEARY, 1917 — nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
LANGTON, 33— sunny flat, 6 room* and
bath. .
; 118 Perry St.; $10; flat, 5 rooms.
;i 116 - Perry st.: $10; flat, 4 rooms. -
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms: bath, gas, station-
ary tubs; rent $21. 331 Tehama st.
PAGE, 1-7, between Octavia and Gough— Flat
of 5 sunny rooms; $14 50.
TURK, 5208 and D— Two sunny' flats, 4 rooms
and bath; large basement, yard; rent $12 and
$13; no children. : .
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
ELEGANT modern sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; nice view. 3028^4 Buchanan st.
$16 50 with water free and ashman; elegant
corner flat 5 front rooms; closet; gas fixtures,
yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son st., between Fifth and Sixth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
6-ROOM flat and bath, completely " furnished.
1023 O'Farrell St.. near Van Ness aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $3 60; day, 25 to sl»c.
BARTLKTr, 420, bet. Twenty-fifth and Twen-
ty-sixtii -Sunny kitchen and bedroom, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable.
ANNAN, 725, above Sixth— flat of 3
rooms; $7 and $5.
BUSH, 1203—3 small housekeeping rooms fur-
nlshed. .
BUSH, 1238—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
near Larkln; sunny side of street.
BUCHANAN, 602. corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite: $6 to $9.
EDDY, 427 (473)— Large furnished front room;
kitchen adjoining; complete; gas range.
FOLSOM, 810— Two front sunny rooms fur-
nished ■ complete and neat for housekeeping;
no children. ■ .
FULTON, ; 5108— 3 or 5 sunny rooms; house-
keeping; every convenience; first-class.
GEARY, ISl2V4— Three large sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; modern; no children
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness— 2 and 3 room
suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 525—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent low. :
! HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nice large sunny
furnished rooms, first floor; also housekeeping
HOWARD. 732— Large sunny front basement
I room, furnished for housekeeping; rent $8.
i LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; every convenience.
LEWIS. ,>, > * 1 -2, opposite. Taylor,- near Post — Upper
flat of 5 rooms and bath. • •
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard. ', . .' . »
NINTH. 111—2 or 3 sunny front; bath and
stove; all conveniences: rent reasonable.
POLK, 522— Throe furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK, 60*— 1 sunny convenient comfortable
housekeeping, room; gas stove: $9.
POWELL. 944—3 housekeeping rooms; also
single room; $I'> and $6. .
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath; yard; $10. :
SIXTH, 221— Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
3 rooms, $11; 1 room. $8; 1, $6.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished rooms; house-
keeping: water; large yard.
SHIPLEY. 269 — 4 - housekeeping rooms; $6;
water and scavenger free; no children; no
do-s; no cats.
TURK, 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $13.
TWELFTH, 14" Sunny rooms: complete for
housekeeping: also single; very reasonable.
TWENTIETH. 3€22, near Valencia— front
sunny connecting furnished rooms and bath.
VAN NESS, — 1 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $15. '■ ■£■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH,' 615— Lower floor; 3 clean, sunny
rooms: separate entrance: nice grounds.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city,. 23c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
■ Funny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farr?ll— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas;, very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, £29 & and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites. $1 SO to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH, 675— Large room, two beds, $7. .
BUSH, 675— Large front suite and kitchen with
bath. $20; small suite," $8.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Sunny
suites and Flngle rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished . or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms. $5
• up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home. .
EDDY, 623— 2. nice rooms for $12.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites' for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
GEARY, 40." (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms;, suites or single. MRS. ; H. HYER. .
GEARY, Elegant sunny suite parlors;
suitable 2. or 4; , piano; other rooms; light
housekeeping. ' .-'■■■
GEARY. 622- Handsome • sunny front room;
every convenience; also nice single : rooms.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
- sunny rms.; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room ; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
• Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
■Ingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week. .
HOWARD, .935%. (New Philadelphia)— new;
■ ■ sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HYDE, 1105 , (Hotel . Victoria)— Unfurnished
Bunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect: terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable;; gas, l water, .> bath; central.
JONES, 301— Sunny front ". rooms, handsomely
furnished; hot and -cold water; baths. . .
'MARTINET. 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
i Suites, single rooms; newly furnished. - : '
MCALLISTER, 2204— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
■ Hall. ; '.■■"' ■" -. ' •-' ■■•-. -. -.-. ■ , ■■'■ -.- .'.' '
MCALLISTER. — Nice front suite; also front
single- room; bath; gas; private family. 
MINNA, «67, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
:. window room, $1 per week. .
MISSION. 151S— Sunny furnished front room;
bward if desired; private family. • ■
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished front room, short
'walk from City Hall; good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, 1 20— Sunny I furnished rooms, ele-
vator, • electric : lights, ; day, week or - month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
. • niture; elegantly furnished 1 sunny suites and
• 'single rooms ;■ bath ■ and gas; rent reasonable.
PERRY, ' 174— Two ■ nicely furnished i housekeep-
■ Ing rooms; hot and cold • water; t rent ■ reason-
able. .-». .'■.•/■."'•. ./v-'-V/-/.-:^' '■■:**.<:■■ iX\ ■-".■"'•■. ...>-;■
PINE,- 2916— Front and back parlor, furnished
:•;. or unfurnished. -.',-. ;.... :j'. -:.V- . . ;■ .,. : >> -C. '. :, '-L-
POLK, - 522— Front _'' sunny A: connecting unfur-'
[V nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.'
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POLK, 709—2 large ' sunny front rooms, * newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class in every respect. MRS. ,M. SCHULZ. t
POWELL. - 317—2 handsomely furnished single
. rooms; top floor; reasonable. ___^__
SANCHEZ. 25, near Thirteenth— 4 unfurnish-
ed : rooms; housekeeping; bath, yard; $14;
private; no children. ...■-,•■ ''"."<.
SHERMAN Apartment House, • 28 Eighth »t.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished ■ rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $s;' baths;, elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
THE Newport, 21 Franklin— quiet
• rooms; corner bay * window; housekpg suite.
TURK," Nicely furnished " rooms from $3
• and up per month; also housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS, 6i3— Three, furnished. $15, or sep-
arately, $7 and $8 per month, including bath.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. 822— Sunny rooms with bath, gas, run-
ning water, telephone, breakfast;. $15 month;
down town; everything str.v-i.iy first-class.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo..
BUSH, 822— First-class rooms and board, every-
thing the very latest; seen to.be appreciated;
special rates for gents. ••■-"» ' • )
ROOM and board for gentleman in private
family. 354% Lexington aye;
SAN. RAFAEL— .and .board . for 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
Postoffice box 76,' San Rafael. '
SOUTH ' PARK, 169— Good I table board. $3 : per
week ; with nice sunny front room, $4 ■ week.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class v family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable. ■ - _ • ■. ■ ■ ■■' ;
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, eunny
Market-st. suites, with . board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 508— Sunny newly furnished rooms; ■
electric lights; bath: with board: moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board In German family;
room for parents If desired. 439 Minna st.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
OFFICES TO LET.
MARKET, 1249, bet^ 6^T^id^Uv^o7flc^;^furTi^
lshed or unfurnished; Ist floor: front rooms.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
. fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every • case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., -8. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere 'write us. • .
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own phpslclan; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of ... ;nthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
LADIES, ChicheFter's English Pennyroyal Pills
••■". (Diamond Brand), best; rate, reliable; take
•■• no other: send 4c stamps for particulars,
• "Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
■ druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and ' attendance; terms
'moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price,
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., Ml X st., Sacramento, Cal. i
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles:, no danger; safe cure: $2 60;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge* for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 : to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth," $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work i
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st, cor. Sixth. ;: •. :. :
NEW YORK methods at New York prices ' by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEA'GUE,
removed to Call bldg., , 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and ■ warranted. DR. J.
W. ICE*Y, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
.YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . ■-.... -  
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE " free; :no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st
ALL private law cases, insolvency, , collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels bid*., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
.^ _^ —^ »■— — — — ■ —
LEGAL NOTICES.
NO. 2720. : State of California— the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
•Francisco (Department Ten). : ,
In the matter of the petition •of IDA M.
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony. -;
In the. above entitled special proceeding no-
tice is hereby given that under an order of the
presiding Judge of said court, i dated July 6,
A D. 1898. and on the application of the above
named . petitioner, IDA - M. . . SCOOFFY, on
THURSDAY, September 8, A. D. 1898, before
J. P. SULLIVAN, Notary Public, at his office,
on the fourth floor of the Parrott building,
situated on the south side of Market street,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, In the said
city and county of San ; Francisco, State of
California,- commencing at the hour of 10
o'clock am. on said date, the testimony of
HIRAM BURT COOK and of WALTER HER-
BERT COOK in the eaid special proceeding
will lie taken. .- i .
The object of the said special proceeding is to
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesses
in relation to the lot and premises, thirty-three
' (33) feet front by sixty (60) feet in depth, sit-
uated ■on the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific and Broadway streets, In said
city and county, arid numbered one thousand
five hundred and forty-one (1541).
■ For further information reference is hereby
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
* Dated San Francisco, July 6, A. D. IS9B.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, - 1898.— Office of ; the Clerk :of
9 Board >of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall; building, second
. floor. July 6, IS9S. ■ , ' ■
Public notice is, hereby given, in accordance
wun section No. -' 3654 * of the Political Code,
i that the ■- Assessment Book '■ of the City i' and
County ■of . San Francisco, : for the fiscal year
1898 has been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk of the Loard of Supervisors, together
with the map books and statements, and will
be . open ■ for examination .in ■ this ■ office from 9
o'clock a.'.m.'to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board lof • Supervisors ; met to ■ examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday s afternoon, : July
5, : 1898, at : 2 o'clock, ■; and will : inereafter con-
tinue In . session from .time to time ' until the
business of equalization presented to them Is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
: July, 1898. : ■-•„ '.■-■■■'■-■ .•'•' : . '■■■"' ■■'■■ ■'■''"-■'■ '
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath. •;•-:. .;. • v
• Public notice Is also given that, In accord-
ance ■ with 3 sections 1897. r 1899 and ; 3654, of : the
Political Code, the Military. Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to | me, and is : now ; open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JNu, A, RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY : REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ~
REAL ESTATE ' AGENTS.
A BARGAIN RIGHT IN TOWN. .
$2500— Rent $23; close to Bush and Stockton
sts. ; 2-story building.
- DIAMOND ST., NEAR TWENTIETH.
$1250 only— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x110.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
MUST BE SOLD.
..-• $13,000— Fine 3-story building; store and flats;
extra large lot, 65x137:6; only partially improved
and rents $105; mortgage $10,500.
$100 CASH, BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$1600— Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
$6800— Broderick St., • near California; 2 mod-
ern flats of 6 and .7 rooms, bath, •, etc.; rent
$62 50; lot 27:6x55. ■
$20,000— Rent $147 50; always rented; substan-
tial: brick improvements; Clay St., between
Sanchez and' Montgomery; large lot, ■ 35 feet
frontage. ,
$3250— Very attractive home on Stanyan St.,
near Seventeenth; good view of the park and
Golden Gate; good cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
concrete foundation, -etc.; lot 25x137:6. '
$8500— Mortgage $4500; , handsome 2-story and
basement residence on Pacific Heights, con-
taining 10 rooms and all conveniences; extra
.large lot, 27:6x137:6; • will- exchange equity for
unlncumbered property. • ■{. ; v--»-.^
$4800— wanted; rent .$47; Pine, st., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has 2
frontages.
$22,500— Golden Gate aye. ; corner of prominent
street; large lot, 40x90; Improvements consist of
flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
' $3000— Tehama St.. near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also- 2-story house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
... 10 Montgomery st.
SOME CHEAP LOTS ~ ~~
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
Thirty-sixth aye., nr. M St.; 250x120.
Corner of M st. and . Thirty-sixth aye. ;
132:6x100. {',:-,■ ■ BALDWIN <& HOWELL.
" 10 Montgomery st.
■ SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor.
■ - ; > Crocker Building. :
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'.
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! -- PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTB LOTS!
$400. $450 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down.
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker bulldln*.
COZY corner cottage 5 room and bath; lot
25x70, near Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.;
part cash: balance time; a bargain. Apply
1033 Mission st. ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$1000— RANCH 70 acres good level ' land ; bar-
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Keamy st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS— upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 — cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms.
$125 for barn, well and lot: $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
build It for you; payment as rent: all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement, East Oakland:
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, ' Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
publlr: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAnD HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house of 4 rooms; also chickens.
1668 Fifth St., West Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn:
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral: 559 24th st.'. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Plrkle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
~~— " "^^ *— — ™;^^s
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
FINE Funny rulte: also utitiiw ring!* room: va-
ennt .Tune 1 TKP T "■ovt;. S«*" TTt<-Mh «t
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FT7RVITTTRF. r '. household roods th!« week.
fcrH^T.T TTA AC' «M ctnr. i(V* 'E'Wpnth St. " ■■••;
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS marie to order on installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
Ai,Ai»rrcnA REAL ESTATB.
$800— LOT '50 feet ■ front, west side Grand st. ; I
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru st. ; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette St., near
San Antonio aye. : $1000, 10 acres, right at
Frultvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800,' $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now . offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools '
and stations. ....
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection' MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 636 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. ■
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
: 35x115; 5. rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1525
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda. . .....
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
WILL build modern 6-room house on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park. Alameda.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. ! F., Oak- |
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without i
removal; .no commissions; no delays. "J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
. HIGHLY respectable and private place - to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate; 2d
. and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. • R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, piano», city or Oakland: no re- j
moval ; low rates: - no commission; ; $25 up; I
■ private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st. j
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116. McAllister st. -■
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; '$10.-
000 on furniture. G. ; W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2dmortg. ;
any preposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DON NELL, office and residence,
'306 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ;
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Andrew Wolfenden and Annie R. F011ett.. 37-27
Andrew Craig and " Annie M. Hollaraby. 32-24
James W. O'Connor and Rose A. McHugh. 27-18
John H. Lucasßen and Annie Berberltch 29-22
Emile Glraud and Charlotte Labourdette. .3o-27
Joseph Fehr and Mary 8eaver.. .'..... ......36-38
William O. Nelson and Margaret Weston..
Max ' M. ' Brown and ; Helen C. Reed .. .. .26-22
George Devecchi ! and | Ernestine P. i Valley.27-26
Andrew J. Papanek and Mary A. Menslck. 2B-16
William J. Quinnlne ■ and Gussie Mendoza.2l-18
Harry A. McClelland and Josle Lindstrom. 2S-31
Frederick A. Williams and Bertha Wadley. 44-28
I BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage : and death : notices sent .by
mail - will not .be , lnsarted. i They ; must ' be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOYLE— In Alameda, July 5, 1898, to the wife
:'. of H. L. Boyle, a n"v : . . . :■.
CORRIN— June 27, 1898, to the wife of J. Cor-
.v rin, a daughter. »■'-: ; ' % ! : :'"',
'■C ■'■■ '- ■;.."■'■ . ■ . ■ •'• ' ■ ■ ■. .■" ■
FITZ GERALD— In this city, June 11. 1898. to ■
the wife of H. A. Fitz Gerald, a daughter. :
GRETHER— In ■ this city, July 6, 1898, to the -J
wife of E. T. Grether, a daughter. £gj mSL
LEIPSIC— In this city, June 28, 1898. to th<» ■
wife of J. Lelpsic, a son. ;
McGOVERN— 6. 1898, to, the wife of Cap- |
tain M. S. McGovern, a daughter. ■' : i
.MARRIED.
CRAMMER— In this city. July 6, 1898. J
by the Rev. F. W. ' Fischer, . Joseph Crammer j
and Mary Knoll, both of San Francisco.
LUEDEMANN— HORSTMANN— . this city, A
July 5, 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Carl J . ;
J. J. Luedemann and Emilia C. Horstmann. ';
McCLELLAND— LINDSTROM —In this city, ';
July 6, ISSS, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, S:
Harry A. McClelland of Oakland and .Josie -*'■.•
Lindstrom of Deadwood, South Dakota.
SCHAERTZER— THATSCHER— In this city, r '
July 3, 1808. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Jo-. I **
seph P. Schaertzer-and Carrie E. ' Thatscher. ■■'-.
WHITNEY— this city, July 8, IS9B. '
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William Bruno t *
Whitney and Fanny M. 1 Rahn. -y'
" DIED.
Beckedorff, G. H. L. Muller, Theresia !;
Blgue, Mrs. Engrace Pringle, Henry B.
Black, Daniel J. Roberts, Thomas
Connolly, Daniel D. Steere, Rebecca R. f
Cooper, Archibald Stenhura, Stephen i ■
Davis, Sherwood Townsend, Louis R. ,
Dolan, John M. Van Buskirk, H. . J
Duffy, Jennie C. Wempe, Agnes T.
Forsyth, George C. White, William H. *£ f
Lincoln, Jerome B. ;
BECKEDORFF— this city. July 5. 1898. >'
■George H. L., beloved husband of Francesca ..;
Beckedorff, and 1 son of Sophie A. and the f
late George H. C. Beckedorff. a native of San ■;
Francisco, aged 27 years 5 months and 12 •
days. ■■• i
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect- .<
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi- g
dence, 1211 Howard street, between Eighth -'■* . \
i and Ninth, thence to Masonic Temple, corner •;. .
Post and Montgomery streets, where funeral '! ; ' v ,
services will be held under the auspices of;t-
- California -Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.. at 2 ■; & :
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . \
BIGUE— In Monterey, July 5, 189 S. Mrs. En-
grace Bigue. beloved mother of Pierre, Jean -■ ,
and Plerrine Bigue, Mrs. I. O. Gibeau, Mrs. g
A. Artot and Mrs. M. Krampert, mother-in- \.
. law of Mrs. P. Bigue. Mr. Gibeau, Mr. Artot S
and Mr. Krampert, aunt of Mr. Jean St. -.
Martin, and cousin of Pierre, Jean Pierre ;,
and Grat Cauhape, a native of France, aged V
59 years and 8 months.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from, the parlors ■:
of Jules Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. ,■
. .thence to French Church of Notre Dame de 3 ■
Vlctoires. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '.-
BLACK— In Oakland, July 4, 1598. Daniel Jo- i
seph Black, brother of James F. and Mary
Black and Mrs. John H. Flaker, a native i
' of County Antrim. Ireland, aged 45 years 1 •-■
month and 18 days. (Boston, Mass., papers !
please copy.) '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ■
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Berkeley, where a solemn requiem s
. high mass • will be celebrated for the re- •.
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock :
sharp. ! Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, July 6, 1898, Daniel ;
"D., beloved son of Daniel and Mary Con- ..'
nolly, and brother of Mrs. R. Reid, Mrs. H. *:
"St. Clair, Mrs. R. Robinson and John. ■ Jo-
seph, Theresa and Frank "Connolly, a native
' of San Francisco, ■ aged •29 years and 10
. months.
|E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day -'■
(Thursday), at. 8:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4118 Harrison street, thence to St. .
Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rißon streets, where a requiem high mass
• will be held for the repose of his soul, com- -
• mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
. vary Cemetery-
Y. M.-I.— Golden Gate Council No. 34. Y. M. I.
Brothers: You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Daniel D.
Connolly, this day (Thursday), at 8 o'clock,
from his late residence, 4118 Harrison street.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly in-
forced. Fraternally .
JOHN A. DUNLEAVY. Pres.
" F. D. BLANCHARD, Cor. Sec.
COOPER— In this city, Archibald Cooper, a :
native of Pennsylvania, aged 87 years.
DAVIS— this city, July 5, 1898, Sherwood,
I infant son of Charles and Sadie Davis, a na-
tive of . San Francisco, aged 6 months and 12
days.
DOLAN— In this city, July 0, I*9B. -John M., be- :
loved son of Lawrence and Delia Dolan, and
brother of Mary. William L.. Kate, Nellie,
Annie and the late Malachi J. Dolan. a na-
tive of Black Diamond. Contra Costa County,
Cal. I ,' aged 30 years and 11 months. ,
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 560 Pennsylvania avenue. Potrero, ;:.
thence ,to St. Theresa's Church, Potrero,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUFFY— In this city, July 4, 189S, Jennie C.
' wife of James W. Duffy, and daughter of the
— late Phil McGovern, a .native oX San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years. .
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. A. Martin, 1220 Waller street,
near Masonic avenue, ' thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, between Page and
Oak streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FORYSTH— -Oakland. July 6, 1898, George
C husband of Amanda E. Forsyth, and
father of Herbert G. Forsyth and Mrs. J. M.
Brewer, a native of Canada, aged 56 years
and 6 months. - r ;_V
Friends are respectfully invited to at- :
tend the funeral services to-morrow '(Friday). -'
at 1:30 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Montgomery and Post streets, under the aus- .
pices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and
A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LINCOLN— In this city, July 4, 1898, Jerome '-
Bates, son of Phllinda G. and the late Jer- .
ome Lincoln, aged 35 years.
IC7" Funeral services at : the family resi- -i;.: ;'
dence, 555 Harrison street, this day (Thurs- .?_..
day) at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
MULLER— this city, July 5, 1898. Theresia, i
dearly beloved wife of George Muller. and <
dearly beloved mother of George Jr., Edward ; ,
• and Herman Muller. a native of Osthofen. ; k
Germany, aged 57 years 1 month and 25 day*. 1:
A member of Third Order of St. Francis and j
Altar Society of St. Boniface's Church.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from her late- resi- : : .
dence 4078 Hyde street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near ,
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high i: :
mass will be celebrated for the repose of horJjjßf |
soul, 'commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ';.:;=
PRINGLE— this city. July 5, IS9B, Henry ;
• Butterworth, son of the late James Reid ;
Pringle, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S;||«y 1
years. ..
Funeral services to-morrow (Friday), at
11 o'clock, at the residence of Mr. Sid- ■ ;;,
. ney V. Smith. 1900 Washington street. . In-,s|£ I
terment private. .^
ROBERTS— In this city. July 6. 1898, Thomas. Mg; I
, beloved husband of Margaret Roberts, loving ■
father of Mrs. Annie Waleott. and stepfather ;~
of John. Thomas. David. James and William :
1 Shannon and Mrs. Nellie Kelleher.. a native
' of Norway, aged 46 years and 10 months. -•
STEERE— In Alameda. July 3, IS9S, Rebecca ! :
R , beloved wife of Charles W. Steere, mother ;
; of Evalyn Frances Steere,- sister of Laura A. : ]:■
! Mowry, and aunt of Ellen M. and George B. :
• Mowry, a native of Pascoag, R. L, aged 68 ; ;
■ yean* 11 .months and 17 days. . .. ; ■'.)
, ,syFriendsy Friends and acquaintances are respect- \ \y.
"■ fully. invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow ; ;
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, ■ from the residence of.- \'\
her sister. Laura A. Mowry, • 706 Ivy avenue. ■■■
thence to St. Stephen ■• Church. Fulton ;.
: street between Webster and Fillmore. In- =
' terment I. O. O. F." ; Cemetery. : ;
STENHURA— In • this city, July 5, 1898. r !
Stephen Stenhura; a native of Austria-Hun- »;%
: gary, aged 46 years. A member of National ■.-:.
Slavonic Society (F. R. V.). Sasinek No. 33. " L.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-: ■ ;?
'- fully invited to attend the funeral this day : : -
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the. parlor* ;.
"of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street, ; ,
' thence to St. Boniface's ■ German Catholic ,V :
Church, where mass will be celebrated for the 1?
' repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ;.
' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ■ : ;
TOWNSEND— In this city. July, 6, 189S, Louis ;
R Townsend, aged 66 years.  '. '.'
£7 Friends and acquaintances and members , ; ■
and ex-members of the City Guard are re- = ?;.
• quested to attend the funeral, notice of which - V
'". will be given hereafter.
VAN BUSKIRK— In this city, July 6. 1898. :
1 Howard Van Buskirk, a native of Staten i-
Island. N. V., aged ,75 years. j
WHITE— In this city, July 4, 1898,' William : ',
H. beloved husband of Nellie P. White, a ;
■ native of San Francisco, late of Greenwood, j
Mendoclno County, Cal., aged 40 years. :
fff^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 olclock, from the parlors , U
of McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. John's Church, Fifteenth street, near •-.
' Valencia, where services will be held. .In- :.-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. , . r
WEMPE— In this city. July 6, 1838, Agnes The- ,;
resa > dearly beloved daughter of Lena and ■ } ti-
the late Henry L. Wempe.. and sister of ■ r' :
Henry, Lizzie, Josle. Louis, Lena. Willie and {■ ■
Frank Wempe and Mrs. M. C. Lorigan, ana- f _
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 years 8 months
and 10 days. : -''•': . . ' ■ ' V •
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■:;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,' ;
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence ;v
of her parents, 283 Seventh street, thence to \
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, "si
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele- • f 5 :
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc- :: fj :
• ing at 10 o'clock.' Interment Holy Cross Ceme- §
tery.
ST. : DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING^ASSO- M?\s
elation regular monthly requiem hlKh|JSa
I mass for the deceased members of • the above : j ; ,
• association; and for the deceased parents and : ,_ ;
relatives of the ' members, • will be celebrated ir^ir;
■ in • St. Dominic's : Church, 1 Bush • and ■> Steiner '■/%■■:
; streets, y this day (Thursday), . at 9 o'clock. fi^i; j
'(•' Friends are invited to attend. '■ ' ;;^;
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. v
FUKKKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM {■:
.. i-\i i ITTH ST., • Opp. Lineola Solioji.  ;^j;
•'■ '■■• ■ ■ 'Telephone. South 30. ■ j.J
1314
I THE INSURANCE COMPANIES
! PAY THE LOSS! j
! You Get the Benefit. f
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
CC r 57 pieces 55-INCH ENGLISH DIAGONAL SUITING, slightly damaged;
«SvJL» former price $1.5 a yard; will be offered at 55c a yard.
ir 45 pieces 54-INCH FANCY SCOTCH CHEVIOT CHECKS, slightly
Oi/C damaged; regular price $1 a yard; will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
fffk 87 pieces 56-INCH NAVY CHEVIOT SERGE, worth $125 a yard; on
vJI/L special sale at 50c a yard; slightly damaged.
Cr r 29 pieces 45-INCH FINE ALL WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTA SUIT-
&&+* ING; former price $1 a yard; will be offered at 55c a yard.
AZ r M Pieces FANCY MIXED ENGLISH COVERT SUITING, worth 65c a
T-tJL yard; will be placed on sale at 45c a yard.
_ nr 300 yards 24-INCH BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, good value
s'-'*"'5 '-'*"' for 75c; will be closed out at 50c a yard.
A- r 200 yards 24-INCH BLACK FIGURED GROS GRAIN SILK, good
'-'5 value for 90c; will be closed out at 65c a 'yard.
*7Cr 400 yar ' is COLORED TAFFETA SILK, light and medium shades; extra i
J O*~ quality; will be closed out at 75c a yard.
___ 500 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, heavy quality; good value for
75^" 90c; will be closed out at 75c a yard.
£1 | A 600 yards 27-INCH COLORED TAFFETA SILK, very finest quality; '
•PI. 1U KOOd value for $150; will be closed out at $110.
Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
•^ San FranciscOi /
DISEASE AT CAMP MERRITT.
Health Officer Gallwey Advises the
Public to Avoid Danger.
I>r. McDona.u of 23 O'Farrell
Lfter the sculp of Dr. W. P.
ners. Quarantine Ofticer. In a com
muni' id at > special meeting of
.-.■■ l of Health held yesterday morn-
Dr. McDonald declared that Dr.
-.i-rs had been guilty nf using his
al position to secure private practice
fr.m the ships that visit this port. The
matter v.:us referred to the Quarantine
Committee of the board for Investigation.
Health Officer Ge Iwey reported that
he found thai the public complaints made
against the sanitary condition <>f Camp
Merritt were in many instances well
founded. He advised that, inasmuch as
contagious diseases i idst In the camp,
the public should remain away from it,
and thus prevent the possibility of
spreading disease throughout the city.
Dr. Dudley, resident physician of the
City and County Hospital, wno has been
mustered in as one of the surgeons of
the Eighth California Regiment, was
granted a six months' leave of absence.
Dr. K. K. Hopkins was appointed to suc
ceed him. JJr. Fred C. wilier was ap
pointed an interne, and Dr. Moffatt was
made assistant visiting physician at the
hospital.
John J. Harrison and P. B. Corbett
v.-. re appointed Inspectors of garbage
transportation at a salary of $liH) a month
each.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chronic Eczema spread all over my bead.
I had two doctors and tried lotions, but re-
ceived little benefit. The dreadful itchiug.
became almost intolerable, and when I was
boated, the Eczema became painful, and
almost distracted me. Tried Cuticcra Rem-
edies, the Eczema rapidly disappeared, and I
am well Kith no trace any cutaneous disease.
J. EMMETT REEVES,
Feb. 22, '98. Box 125, Thorntown, Ind.
Was afflicted with an itching rash all over
my body. I could not plcep, but was com-
pelled to lie awako and scratch all the time.
My father and two brothers were afflicted with
the same thing. We all suffered terribly for
a year and a half. Three cakes of Coticdra
Soap and three boxes of Ccticuba (ointment)
cured the four of us completely.
Feb. 22 ,1898. RICHARD ANDERSON.
Geneva, Box Elder Co., Utah.
My hands were completely covered with
Eczema, and between my fingers the skin was
perfectly raw. I could get no case night or
day. I was in a rage of itching. My husband
bad to dress and undress me like a baby.
The best physicians' medicines gave me no
relief, and drove mo almost crazy. I used
the Coticoua (ointment), and five minutes
after the first application I teas perfectly easy,
and slept soundly all that night, and I have not
had the Eczema in two years.
AGNES M. HARRIS, Push, Va.
BPEEOT Crsn Tr«*tmf.nt for Toirrrin*r>, Dis-
nommo Homobs, with ly<>*S or Hair.— Warm bath*
, with UOTICOB* Soap, centle an<vnMnr« with L'cticdsa
(ointment), th* jrreit »kin cure, mild do«e« of OuTicritA
solvent, grratett of blood purifier* »nd humor cures.
Bold throughout the world. Potter Drug avdCbuc.
Corp., owe Prop«.. linMon.
or " How to Cure Itching Skin DiKMes," mailed free.
FATHER YORKE
ON YELLOW
JOURNALISM
Denounces Examiner
and Bulletin.
ENEMIES TO CATHOLICISM
CATHOLICS ADVISED NOT TO
READ THEM.
Stirring Address on " Lessons
From the War" to the
Catholic Truth
Society.
Rev. Father Yorke delivered an address
last night in St. Mary's Cathedral to the
Catholic Truth Society, on lessons from
the war, during which he took occasion
to vigorously denounce yellow journal
ism, and paid particular attention to the
Examiner and Bulletin.
The sacred edifice was crowded, and
among the congregation were a number
of soldiers from Camp Merritt.
The reverend father said he would
speak on lessons which may be drawn
from the present war with Spain, to
Catholics as citizens of the common
wealth and to the Catholic church. He
referred to the difference In the tone and
temper of the people after the wars of
the past, and said there would be the
same changes after the present war was
over. AYe v.a not see these changes, as
we were actors in them, but they would
be realized fully by those coming after
us.
Spain, i,e said, was not a Catholic coun
try, although it was a country win-re the
Catholic religion was almost exclusively
professed. Jm- instanced the difference, I
and pointed uut that lor the past 100 years
Spain had been run on principles entirely
inimical to the Catholic church. He
blamed the introduction of Freemasonry
into the country as the cause for this
chance, as it was well known that that
organisation was hostile to the church.
Protestant ministers had been preach
ing that the war with Spain was a su
preme struggle between Protestantism '
and Catholicism, which was an inlamoua !
lie. une-third of the soldiers that had I
offered their services to right the battles
Of their country were Catholics, and }
therefore he repeated that it was an in- j
famous lie to assert that this was a Pro- |
testant war.
They might expect that treatment from
Protestant preachers but they had a right
to expect different treatment from the
newspapers. In last Sunday's yellow sup
plement of one of the morning papers,
the San Francisco Examiner, the Catho
lic church wa.s symbolized as the devil
with the usual horns and hoofs.
Raising his voice the reverend Father
said: "You are not bound as Catholic men
and women to lake that paper into your
homes and have your children scandalized
by such pictures and such lmfamous lies
propagated about your church."
Continuing he said: "An evening paper,
the Bulletin, also contained an article
written by Henry C. Lee, asserting that
the Catholic church was the cause of the
decadence of Spain an# no reason was
given for the assertion except the ipse
dixit of an Ignoramus."
He praised the work of the Catholic
women who had ministered to the moral
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1898.
•
To-day we present a few samples of the thousands
of bargains that are drawing such crowds to our sale of
the immense stock of CLOAKS, SUITS, CLOAKINGS and
DRESS MATERIALS recently damaged by fire in M.
SIMONOFF'S Cloak Factory, and which we secured at the
TREMENDOUS DISCOUNTS noted above.
The IMPORTANCE OF PROMPTNESS in attending
this great sale cannot be too strongly emphasized, as in
most cases the damage is hardly perceptible, and THE
GOODS ARE GOING OFF WITH A RUSH at the
Small Percentage of Actual Values Quotec
DRESS TRIMMINGS.
191 r BLACK MARABOUT TRIMMINGS, all silk,
• -^3^ 1 inch wide; value 25c; will be offered at
12^c
2K r BLACK MARABOUT TRIMMINGS, 2 inches
» J^ wide, all silk; value 75c; will be offered at
25c.
COLORED BEADED ORNAMENTS, 5
y"^ inches wide; value $1 each; will be closed
out at SOc
C| (\(\ BLACK CHENILLE FRINGE, mixed with
tplaV/vP beads; value $4; will be closed out at $1.
FEATHER BOAS.
QA r REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS; value
~vJL $1 50; in be closed out at 90c.
OA A REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS; value
<p.£.VV $2 75; will be closed out at $2.
RIBBONS^ RIBBONS.
FANCY RIBBONS, in brocade effect; value
• v -'^' 75 C; will be closed out at 25c.
PARASOLS.
pA. CHILDREN'S PARASOLS, soiled, value $1 50
JVC to $2 50; will be closed out at 50c.
and material welfare of the soldiers at
(amp Merritt. At first they were refused
permission to carry on their noble work
and it required a strung remonstrance to
the proper authorities before Catholic pnl
dlors were permitted to worship God ac
cording to the dictates of their own con
science. In this connection he took occa
sion to protest against the appointment of
Protestant ministers to all the regiments.
Hut he supposed it was the first chance
they had of getting a salary from Hncle
Sam and they were eager to grasp it.
The one great lesson to be drawn from
the war was that it was not a Protestant
war and if Catholics would bury thf^ir per
sonal jealousies and stand united no
Protestant preacher and no newspaper
would dare to claim that it was a Protes
tant war or that this was a Protestant
country.
THE TURNERBUND'S
SECOND SESSION
1 PATRIOTIC SENTIMENTS OF A
COMMITTEE REPORT.
The Delegates See Chinatown by Gas
light Under Police Protection
and Enjoy Themselves.
The second day's session of the North
American Turnerbund was hokl yesterday
at Turn Verein Hall, on Turk street, the
new president, Emil. "Wallber, presiding.
The members of the bund displayed
their patriotism shortly before the ad
journment of the forenoon session, when
G. Donald of lowa had concluded the
reading of a report of the executive com
mittee. Mr. Donald spoke of the attitude
of the turners toward their country,
America, and of America's war with
Spain. The turners were Americans, he
said, and with them their rallying cry
was now, "One flag, one country, one
honor." A few more rousing sentiments
were expressed by other members, all
breathing loyalty and patriotism as
against any and all European nations.
Thore was a good-natured fight on be
tween the friends who favored Chicago
and the supporters of Indianapolis as the
place in which to maintain the head of
fices of the Turnerbund. St. Louis has
been the headquarters of the union for
many years, and both Chicago and In
dianapolis are united in the belief that it
is time for a change.
The affairs of the bund pending the next
j meeting will be attended to by the Turn
Vereins in Indlanapous. By a vote of 254
'■ to 100 Philadelphia won against Chicago
; as the place where the next bund will be
held in 1900.
The German-American Turnzeltung of
Milwaukee has been again selected as the
official organ of the bund.
The question of paying off the deficit of
> $3500. which was incurred in Milwaukee
four years ago, occupied the attention of
, the convention some time. It was finally
! decided to levy an assessment of 5 cents
j per capita on the members, which will
more than meet the demand.
The manner of conducting the summer
! school and the number of pupils which
I would justify the formation of a class
; was debated on and it was finally decided
| that the school should be maintained.
J. T. Hill as a Defendant.
Judgment was rendered yesterday morn
ing by Judge Belcher in favor of the Hi
bernia Bank for the foreclosure of a
mortgage issued by John T. Hill, the well
known capitalist, to secure a note of $250,
000. The mortgage, which was executed
October 15, 1894, covered sixteen pieces of
real estate in this city. The principal and
interest now amount to $279,814 03, for
which sum judgment was given. The suit
was allowed to go by default, no contest
to the claim of the bank being made.
Electric Railway Company Sued.
Suit was filed yesterday by Mabel
Dougherty, tnrough her guardian, against
the San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company, to recover $1000
damages for personal Injuries received
on March 12 last. Miss Dougherty was
run into and severely Injured by one of
the cars of the defendant corporation,
and she alleges that negligence on the
part of the motorman caused the acci
dent.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS.
HAj) LADIES' FANCY PLAID SILK WAISTS,
•vw tight lining, made in the latest style; regular
price $6; will be placed on sale at $4.
fC An LADIES' BLACK SATIN WAISTS, tucked
«]J J»u" yoke, lined all through; regular price $7 50;
will be placed on sale at $5.
ffC AH LADIES' HANDSOME BLACK SILK TAF-
SU.VV FETA WAISTS, front of waist finished with
fine tucks and knife plaiting; regular price
$8 50; will be placed on sale at $6.
tXAA LADIES' HANDSOME SILK WAISTS, in
•?"•"" checks and plaids, waist lined all through;
regular price $8 50; will be placed on sale
at $6. t x
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
Iflr 50 P ieces DOUBLE-FOLD ALPACA; worth
IvFC 20c; will be placed on sale at 10c yard.
9C f 2000 yards 36-INCH FRENCH CREPON;
4.-JK, Si m . noff's price 50c; sale price 25c yard.
A f\r 20 P jeces 45-INCH FINE FIGURED ENG-
VL/ ' LISH ALPACA; good value for 75c; sale
price 40c yard.
20 P leces 54-INCH CHEVIOTS; worth $1;
v -* v '^' sale price 50c yard.
OC r 25 pieces 37-INCH ENGLISH CREPON;
JJt worth regular 75c; sale price 35c yard.
INTRICACIES
OF WAR TAX
Internal Revenue Com
mission Explains.
STAMPS FOR LEGACIES, ETC.
REPLY TO QUESTIONS ASKED BY
SENATOR TELLER.
What Mining Stock and Customs
Brokers Must Pay to Contrib
ute Toward the Expenses
of the War.
The receipts of the Internal Revenue
I Collector's office yesterday for stamps
! and licenses were, in round numbers, $30,
i 000.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
in Washington is kept busy interpreting
disputed points of law, and is daily send
ing forth bulletins for the information
of Collectors and the business public. The
following were received by Mr. Lynch
yesterday:
The following rules and regulations have been
issued by the Commissioner of Internal Reve
nue relating to tax on legacies and distributive
shares, under the war revenue bill:
The tax on legacies and distributive shares
w personal property accrues where passing
irom any person dying on or after June 13,
1890.
The law does not apply to estates now In
process of settlement, when the grantor died
before June 13, lSiiS.
The tax must be paid on a legacy before Its
distribution to the legatees.
No tax is due unless the whole amount of
said personal property passing from the dece
dent exceeds In value $10,000.
The fact that certain distributive shares aris
ing from the personal property of an estate
are represented by bonds of the United States
does DOt cnnstitut" ground tor holding such
■hares to ho exempt from tax on legacies and
distributive shares under the internal revenue
laws.
In all cases where legacy taxes are due the ;
executors, administrators or trustee should be j
immediately ncititip.l to make return. These I
rpturns should be made In duplicate. One copy
should be filed in the office of tho Collector !
and the other should be transmitted to this
office. Upon payment of the tax the Collector
or deputy colkctor will give a receipt or re
ceipts for the same In duplicate. If the Col- !
lector finds It necessary, in order to obtain the i
facts respecting liability to legacy taxes where !
the records are insufficient, he tan exercise the
authority vested In him and may summon the I
executors, administrators or other persons he
may deem proper to appear and testify under
oath.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 23, IS9B.
Sir: In reply to the several questions sub
mitted in your letter of the 14th instant, ad
dressed to Senator Teller, you are hereby ad
vised as follows:
Mining stock brokers and also persons doing
a purely speculative business In mining stocks.
strictly on their own account, doing no com
mission business whatever, are, in the opinion
of this office, subject to the tax of $50, if, as
It is understood, they are engaged in nego
tiating purchases or sales of stock "for them
selves."
Mining companies which, as you state, are
capitalized at from 1,000,000 to 2. 500.000 and
3,000,000 shares of a par value of $1 each, and
whose stock is selling at from 50 cents to $2 and
$3 per 1000 shares, are required to affix and
cancel a 5-cent stamp to every certificate of
this stock originally issued on or after July 1,
ÜBS, even though its face value is but $1.
On every transfer of a certificate of stock a
broker delivering the certificate should affix
thereto and cancel a 2-cent stamp, In accord
ance with the provisions of schedule A of the
act of June 13, IS9B.
N. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
Collector Jackson received the following
bulletins for his guidance:
Stamps must be affixed upon the following
—Import entries for consumption, 25c to Jl;
warehouse entries, 25c to Jl; bond, 50c; ware
house withdrawals for consumption. 50c, entry
the same; warehouse withdrawals for export,
50c entry, 50c bond; do for transportation and
export, the same; withdrawal for transporta
tion to a warehouse in another district, the
same; re warehouse entry, the same; reware
bouse withdrawal for consumption, 50c entry;
rewarehnuse do for exportation, 50c entry, 50c
bond; do for transportation and exportation, the
same; do for transportation and rewarehousing
in •another district, the same; warehouse and
immediate transportation. 25c to $1 entry: re
warehousing and consumption on arrival, 60c
entry; warehouse and Immediate export by ten,
nothing fur entry and 50c bond; immediate
Canada in transit, nothing entry. 500 bond; im
mediate transportation (I. T.), nothing; with
drawal for export from class 6 warehouse, 50c
bond; withdrawal for transfer to manufactur
ing warehouse class 6, si>c bond; Import entry
under special bond for repairs, 25c to $1 entry,
bond 50c; entry for exportation of goods covered
by previous import entry, 50c entry, 50c bond;
all bonds with surety taken in the transaction
of customs business. s<>c each; certificates re
quired by collectors for cancellation and bonds
or the adjustment of customs accounts in the
different district customs service are exempt
from internal revenue stomps. Entries cover-
Ing goods in transit through the United States
to Canada or Mexico, entries for immediate
transpottation to interior ports under the acts
of June 10, ISSO. and February 27, 1887, entries
for benefit of drawback and entries for imme
diate exportation by sea will npt require in
ternal revenue stamps.
Wholesalers need not stamp wines of the
stock on hand July l,when sold by wholesale
to other wholesale or to retail dealers. Stamps
must be affixed when sold at retail. All wines
bottled for sale by any party on or after July
1 must be stamped when so bottled.
On a charter party the tax is required to be
paid on the original charter party only, and
the stamp affixed thereto for the entry tax.
Stamps are not required by law on copies of
the charter party. In case of a shipping re
ceipt Issued in exchange for a bill of lading a
tax of 10c is required to be paid both on the
shipping receipt and the bill of lading, and the
requisite stamp must he affixed to each.
ISrokers are required to pay the tax of 10c only
on each contract of sale and nothing on con
trart of purchase.
Brokers must pay the special tax in
earh city in which they do business. Cus
toms Collector Jackson yesterday issued
orders that all entries, manifests, etc.,
must be stamped at the time of being pre
sented at the Custom House, and can
celed, as prescribed by law. Stamps are
required to be canceled by the person
affixing them. In the case of brokers,
etc., stamps may be canceled by stamp
ing thereon with a rubher stamp and in
delible Ink, their initials and the date.
CABLE TO THE
FARALLON ISLANDS
CONGRESS TO BE ASKED FOR AN
APPROPRIATION.
Secretary Wilson Says That Sixty
Thousand Will Be Sufficient to
Construct a Line.
There is every prospect that before very
lonp the Farallon Islands will be connect
ed with this city by a submarine cable.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber of
Commerce, yesterday received a letter
from Senator Perkins inclosing a commu
nication from James Wilson, secretary of
the Bureau of Agriculture, which is as
follows:
My Dear Senator: Replying to your letter of
recent date, transmittinK resolutions adopted
by the California Chamber of Commerce, pe
titioning ior the establishing and maintaining
of a telegraph-cable line from San Francisco
to the Farallon Islands. I have the honor to
Inform you that the matter was referred to
the chief of the Weather Bureau for Investiga
tion and full report. That official states that
such a line would be of some value to thw
forecaster in predicting weather changes, al
though it would not be nearly so valuable for
this purpose as the meteorological station now
being erected on Mount Tamalpais. Its chief
utility from a meteorological standpoint would
be in forecasting the fogs that move in from
the ocean. The marine and commercial intet
ests of San Francisco would derive the great
est value from such a line. Vessels coming
from the north, south and west could be sight
ed from the Farallon Islands many hours be
fore they reached San Francisco. Often ves
sels are becalmed off the islands, sometimes for
a period of a week. With telegraphic Infor
mation direct to San Francisco delays of this
kind would be obviated, as assistance could
be called for from San Francisco and the be
calmed vessels towed Into that port. Besides.
1 THE BIGGEST BARGAINS !
I Always Go First ! f
I SECURE AN EARLY CHOICE. 1
LADIES\JACKETS!
<J?| nft LADIES' FLY FRONT JACKETS in tan Kersey, velvet collars;
»pI.UU -worth $3 50; will be closed out at $1 each.
_— r LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy colors, lined and bound, worth
>5^ $175; will be closed out at 75c each. .;„ -.»;'•.-
Q_ r LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
"3*' percaline and bound with velvet; worth $175; will be closed out at
95c each. ' ;\~*.
«IJI 9— LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy checks, double lined, and bound
v D l «r'i> with velvet; worth $2 50; will be closed out at $125 each.
C | _ n LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double
•P *•*>'-' lined, and bound with velvet; worth $2 50; will be closed out at $150
each.
CO _ n LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
iPO>^\J percaline, and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; will be closed out at
$8 50 each.
i CA OO LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
i »pu. \J\J silk, and bound with velvet; worth $10; will be closed out at $6 each.
LADIES'JUITS.
<£— f\f* LADIES' SUITS in brown mixtures, fly front Jackets, lined with Bilk
| •P^.UU serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth $10; will be
closed out at $5 each.
|C- n A LADIES' BLOUSE SUITS in fancy mixtures, waists lined with fancy
! •PJJ.UU s iik and trimmed with braid; worth $12 50; will be closed out at $5
each.
C— en LADIES' BLACK SERGE SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined with silk
*Py*O u serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; will
be closed out at $7 50 each.
IF If Market, Jones ml McAllister Sts., /
\r \^ San Franriico. f
many Instances are on rpmrd of vessels with
valuable cargoes being wrecked on the rock*
In the vicinity of these islands. In Filch cases
the value of a cable line to San Francisco
would be incalculable. During war with an
other country a hostile fle^t might be report
ed from the islands in time to prepare fo%
defense. The life saving service could also
make good use of such a cable in connection
with their station already established on the
Farallon Islands. It will thus be seen that
a cable from San Francisco to these islands
would be of great benefit. The distance is
about thirty miles, and the cost nf constructing
and establishing such a cable would be about
J.Sn.OOO. A house would be required on the isl
ands for the use of the observers and operators,
which would cost about J3WK). The mainten
ance of the station, and the salary of the nec
essary observers, operators, and labor would
roriulre about $3000 per annum. An appro
priation of $r.o.<w would be sufficient for all the
J'iirposeß named, and other incidentals. Very
truly yours. JAMES WILSON, Secretary.
Mr. Craig at once sent the annexed re
ply to the Senator urging him to hasten
the appropriation of the money for the
cable:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 6, 1898.
Hon. George C. Perkins, United States Sen
ator, Washington, D. C: San Francisco mer
chants, ship owners and indeed the whole State
would feel immensely gratified if the appro
priation iif $60,000 for cable to Farallones, re
commended by Secretary Wilson, was secured
before Congress adjourns. We have willingly
given to the administration our coast protec
tors and feel sure you will make special efforts
to secure for us this small boon of a cable to
the Farallones to be made immediately avail
able. HUGH CRAIG.
President Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco.
■ ♦ .
The cost to Spain of the Cuban war
from February, 1895, to the end of 1897
is officially estimated at $240,000,000, be
sides the arrears due from the Cuban
treasury, which amount to $40,000,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WKEHE^ ji''i'\' \v INXOX*
OTHERS^ ffi v."^ \ itamt
FAIL ff m&£ rfn^SL rUAnT
You must havens Conic
. to get a non-intoxicating malt
extract, and you must have
it, ;: to give your system the
benefit of more rnajt strength '
than : you can posslßly get
from any other tonic— Pro-
duces healthy blood. Aids
digestfon. Grows flesh. «£&«
VAL.BtATz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE.U.SA.
Louis Cihen & Son, Wholesale ;■; ■ ■"
I^alers, 416418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. 
Moet &
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) Cham-
pagne now on the market does great
honor to \ this famous house.— HO TEL
GAZETTE.
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
Thursday, Friday and Saturday of
every week you'll find bargains at our
store such as cannot be duplicated
RIESLING, gallon 40c
A pleasing and satisfying;
table wine.
Regular price, 75c.
PRUNES, 6 lbs 25c
California French,
delicious flavor.
Regular price, 8c a pound.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, qt. bot. 50c
Imported from Italy.
Regular price, 65c.
McBRAYER WHISKEY— <
qt. bot 90c
Bottled in bond, which
insures purity.
Regular price, $1 25.
PICKLED FIGS, pint jar. 25c
Prepared in sweet pickle and
are superbly delicious.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles. . .
ft CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ®
i DROP ff I
«IHA I jpf »
ft iii/ii -.»
& Idea— that you can't A? V/ &
" get Furniture Bar- I/ / /
1% gains for Litt'e-at-a- I 1 1 1 «
i T gains for Litt'e-at-a- II I I CC
ft Time Payments. \f A »
ft. We sell lower than _^^X &
O so-called "cash &
$"" houses." 8
§ We cater to all. Our stock and j§[
ft our figures prove it. ft
»;-.; " , • »
I Our Special .This Week is a §
Lounge, strong, good covering, 2
ft plush trimmings .... $4.50 «
; « : — . b
« J. \: NOON an,-" *
& Complete House-Furnisher, &
g 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., **
C* • Above Sixth.
** Phone South 14. Open Evenings. **
&C 0 -j^?<\
VS^33OMARRET ST. SJ.^SSS^