VOLUME LXXXLII.— NO. 78.
MAINE DESTROYED IN HAVANA HARBOR
THE SHIP IS/
BLOWN UP
AT ANCHOR
Four Hundred and Twenty
of Uncle Sam's Brave
Boys Are Killed.
One of the Most Awful Disasters
That Have Ever Overtaken the
American Navy, and Spain
is Open to Suspicion,
HAVANA, Feb. 15.— The Maine
has blown up. Captain Sigsbee and
various officers saved, and he pays
he believes about 100 men were
killed and injured. The vessel is
now burning and is sinking to the
bottom of the bay. The detonation
was tremendous. All Havana
alarmed.
HAVANA. Feb. 15. — The American
battleship Maine, lying at anchor here,
was destroyed by an explosion at 10
o'clock to-night. Of her crew of 450
officers and men, only 33 are known to
have been saved.
The explosion shook the whole city
and threw Havana into a panic.
It is understood at this writing that |
Captain Sigsbee and a few of his offi
cers were visiting a merchantman in
the harbor at the time of the disaster
and are sdie.
None of the few survivors who have
been seen can tell me how the ex
plosion occurred. The injured are be
ing taken on stretchers to the Casa de
Socorro, where surgeons are in at
tendance.
James Rowe, the ship's cook, was the
least injured of any that were brought
in when I was there.
"I don't know, sir," he replied,
speaking with difficulty. " I turned in
my hammock at 8 o'clock and heard
three bells strike. I don't remember
anything until I felt myself turning
over and over and falling heavily upon
the deck, in a mass of smoke. I got on
foot and worked my way on deck.
When I got. there the superstructure of
CHARLES D. SIGSBEE, COMMANDER OF THE MAINE.
Captain Charles D. Sigsbee, In command of the warship Maine, sent
by the Navy Department to guard American interests in Havana, is one
of the most popular officers in the navy. He was graduated from Annapo
lis in 1863. He served in Mobile Bay, was an active participant in the work
of the North Atlantic blockading squadron in 1865, and helped in the at
tacks and in the final assault upon Fort Fisher.
Not long ago the Maine, with Sipsbee in command, found herself
bearing down on an excursion boat in the East River. Ahead wa.i the
excursion boat, full of human beings. On either side was a barge. The
only clear way showed a pier. Th<* old commander ordered his engines
reversed, and to the amazement of the beholders he steered straight
for the pier and ran into it amuck. The pier was badly torn up, the
Maine's nose was bruised, but several hundred human lives were
saved. The excursion boat ran clear, but ten loaded freight cars, that
were standing on the pier, went to the bottom of the river. There is
no doubt as to Captain Sigsbee's relative valuation of human life and
property. About $4000 in property was destroyed, but 1000 lives were
saved. That was not a bad ten minutes' work for a man whose busi
ness it is to kill.
Captain Sigsbee went to Cuba on board of a fine, stout ship,
manned by a complement of able officers.
The San Francisco Call
HABANA, Feb. 15.— Maine volado.
Capitan Sipsbee salvado, con varios
oflciaies, y dice que cree hayan pere
cido a 100 menos cien hombres. El
buque queesta ardiendo estoa mo
mentos, y a esta descansando fondo
bihia. Detonacion fu tremenda.
1 oda Habana alarmada.
the deck was dipping under water, and
I jumped overboard to keep from be
ing drawn down by the suction.
"I was picked up by a boat from the
Spanish man-of-war. Three more were
picked up by the same boat. They were
Daniel Cronin, a landsman; Charles
Berryman, boatswain; Albert John, a
seaman, and — Bloomer, a landsman."
One poor fellow whose face is in
jured past all recognition is lying
moaning in a cot in the hospital. I
asked him his name and he mumbled
back through horribly swollen lips:
"My folks would feel uneasy if I told
you."
So far as I can learn now the ex
plosion took place in the magazine
used for the storage of gun cotton for
the torpedoes. The vessel lies with her
bow wholly submerged and only a part
of her stern showing.
The explosion shook the city from
end to end, and created the wildest ex
citement. All the electric lights were
blown out by the shock. Fire engines
rushed madly from one district to an
other, and no one knew for certain
from which point the explosion
came:
Some shouted the report that it was
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
The Maine was commanded by Captain Charles D.
Sigsbee.
Her other officers were:
Lieutenant-Commander Richard Wainwright.
Lieutenants G. F. Holman, John Hood and C. W. Yungen.
Lieutenants (junior grade) C. W. Blow, J. T. Blandin, F.
A. Jenkins.
Cadets J. H. Holden, W. T. Cluverius, Amos Bronson,
D. F. Boyd Jr.
Surgeon L. G. Heneberger.
Paymaster Ryan.
Chief Engineer L. G. Howell.
Passed Assistant Engineer E. C. Bowers.
Assistant Engineers J. R. Morris and D. R. Merritt.
Cadet Engineers Pope, Washington and Arthur Grenshaw.
Chaplain J. P. Chadwick.
Lieutenant ot Marines A. W. Catlin.
the arsenal, others said it was a bomb,
and it was not until n o'clock that the
real cause was known.
Consul-General Lee, who was at the
Hotel Ingleterra, received a telephone
message from General Blanco telling
him that the Maine had been blown up.
Lee hastened to the palace, where
the Cabinet is now assembled.
Admiral Manterola ordered that
boats of all kinds go to the assistance
of the Maine and her wounded. The
Havana firemen also gave aid, tending
carefully to the wounded as they were
brought on shore. It was a terrible
sight. General Zolano and the other
generals were ordered by Captain-
General Blanco to take steps to help
the Maine's crew in every way possible.
The correspondent went close to the
Maine in one of the boats of the cruiser
Alfonso XII, and saw others of the
wounded who corroborate the state
ment of those first interviewed that
they were asleep when the explosion
occurred.
Captain Sigsbee said the explosion
occurred in the bow of the vessel. He
received a wound in the head. Orders
were given to the other officers to save
themselves as best they could. The lat
ter, who were literally thrown from
their bunks in their night clothing,
gave the necessary orders with great
self-control.
The first theory was that there had
been a preliminary explosion of powder
or dynamite below the water, but this
was ascertained to be not true.
Admiral Manterola believes that the
first explosion was of a grenade, but
whether one of the ship's magazines
blew up or whether a bomb was placed
beside her and set off by the Spaniards
is not known.
Because of the excitement in the city
the military authorities ordered the
troops to quarters, and the streets are
filled with jostling crowds of excited
citizens and soldiers.
SIGSBEE ASKS FOR
SUSPENSION OF JUDGMENT.
Wants to Know All the Tacts Before
the American People Lay the
Blame Finally Upon Spain.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— I called
upon Secretary of the Navy John T.
Long at an early hour this morning,
and he confirmed the Herald's dispatch
that the Maine had been blown up and
destroyed in Havana harbor. In an
swer to my questions, he said:
"Yes, I have received a report from
Captain Sigsbee of the Maine, announc
ing that the battleship had been de
stroyed by an explosion in the harbor
of Havana.
The captain cables that some were
killed and many wounded, and that the
Spanish soldiers did everything In their
power to rescue those who were thrown
Into the water.
"Moreover the captain's dispatch
speaks of the great kindness of the
officers and citizens of Havana, who
showered attentions upon the sufferers.
They cared tenderly for the wounded.
The captain, in his dispatch to me, also
tells of the heroic work of the officers
and men of the cruiser Alfonso."
"Mr. Secretary," I asked, "does Cap
tain Sigsbee assign any cause of the
explosion?"
"No," replied the Secretary; "I pre
sume that as yet the cause is a mys
tery."
The following was the dispatch re
ceived by the Secretary of the Navy
from Captain Sigsbee:
"Maine blown up in Havana har
bor at 9:40 last night and destroyed.
Many wounded and doubtless many
killed and drowned. "Wounded and
others on board the Spanish man-of
war and \vard line steamer. Send
lighthouse tender from Key West for
crew and a few pieces of equipment.
Vessel still above water. No one had
other clothes than those upon him.
"Public opinion should be sus
pended until further report. All the
officers are believed to be saved. Jen
kins and Merritt are not yet ac
counted for. Many Spanish officers,
including representatives of General
Blanco, now with me and express
sympathy. SIGSBEE."
The officers referred to in the above
dispatch, are Lieutenant Friend W.
Jenkins and Assistant Engineer Dar
win R. Merritt.
From the wording of the dispatch
the Navy Department think it is pos-
THE UNITED STATES BATTLE-SHIP MAINE.
From a Photograph Taken For the New York Herald at Key West on January 16.
sible that they were on shore at the
time of the acident.
The Secretary of the Navy received
another dispat h from Key West at
the same time with the above, but its
contents were not made public.
The orders for the light-house ten
ders were at once sent to Key West
in plain language, thus avoiding the
delay that would have arisen from the
use of a cipher.
Secretary Long received Captain
Pigsbee's dispatch but a few minutes
before the Associated Press dispatches
were handed him. He received the
news with apparent calm, and his first
act was to comply with f'aptain Rigs
bee's request that assistance be sent
from Key West. He Mired Captain
Forsythe at Key West to proceed with
the navaJ tender Fern to Havana hax
bor.
Secretary Long then sent for Captain
Dickens, and the two discussed Captain
Sigsbee's brief telegram. No other
naval officers were present, and besides
the Secretary and Captain Dickens the
naval colony here is ignorant of this
disaster, the greatest which has be
fallen the American navy since the
storm in Apia many years ago.
The Secretary is inclined to believe
that most of the officers of the Maine
were on shore at the time of the acci
dent, as it was still in the night.
While neither the Secretary nor Cap
tain Dickens is inclined to discuss the
probable cause of the accident, seve
ral suggestions were ventured. ' They
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy and unsettled weather
on Wednesday; probably occasional
showers; southwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 62 decrees
Portland 52 degrees
Lob Angeles 84 degrees
San Diego 74 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Maine Destroyed In Havana Harbor.
Spaniards Howl for War.
SECOND PAGE.
Lawyer Burns His Books.
THIRD PAGE.
The Clara Nevada Is Lost.
Relief Train for Dawson.
Rich Gold Finds Reported.
Copper River Party Off.
Miners Need Protection.
Says a Woman Killed Collins.
Tlllman Bound to Be Hoard.
FOURTH PACK.
Sensation In the Zola Trial.
Burplar Robs a Sick Nurse.
Appeal to the Silverltes.
Money Wanted for Harbors.
To Reform San Jose.
Fatal Riot In Hungary.
FIFTH PAGE.
Masked Robbers In a Store.
News Along the Water Front.
More Light on Water Front Work
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Celebrate Our Seml-Centennlal.
A Fearful Disaster.
The Dollar Limit.
Cultivating Crime for Profit.
Reform In San Jose.
Stories From the Corridors.
A Treasonable Joke.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Library Trustees Steadfast.
Women at the Poolrooms.
Four Daylight Robbers.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
NINTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay
Crocker Talked Too Much.
TENTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
James L. Flood's Confession.
Volcano in the Federal Camp.
Will Fight the Powder Trust.
Skipped With the Funds.
believe that It may have been caused
by a fire in the bunkers, heating the
bulkhead near a magazine, or that an
accident may have occurred while In
specting high explosives for torpedoes.
Of course, this is mere speculation, and
the Secretary is anxiously waiting a
more detailed report from Captain
Sigsbee.
Later the Secretary sent another tel
egram to Key West, directing that the
tender Mangrove also be sent to Ha-
VHTia.
Secretary Day received the following
dispatch from General Lee:
"The Maine blew up at 9:40. The ex
plosion occurred well forward, under
the men's quarters, consequently many
were lost. It is believed all the officers
were saved, but Jenkins and Merrit are
not accounted for. The cause of ex
plosion !s yet to be investigated. The
Captain-General and the army and
navy officers rendered every assistance.
Sigsbee and most of his officers are on
board the steamer City of Washing
ton. Others are on the Spanish gun
boat and in the city. I am with Sigs
bee, who has telegraphed the Navy De
partment. LEE."
OFFICERS OF THE NAVY
HOLD HURRIED CONFERENCE
Great Excitement Created at Key-
West by the Receipt of the
Startling News.
KEY WEST, Feb. 16.— This has cer
tainly been the m*-~t eventful night ev
er witnessed in Key West. The excite
ment commenced shortly before 10
o'clock last night, when the first report
was received that the famous tug
Dauntless had arrived at a port on the
east coast and was taking on arms and
ammunition for Cuba,
The celebrated little filibuster was re
ported to have arrived at Palm Beach
this morning with a load of men and
would sail before any attempt could be
made to detain her. The information
was immediately conveyed to the com
manders of naval vessels in the harbor,
who commenced to make preparations
to Intercept the filibusters.
It was ascertained there were only a
Continued en Second Page.
PEOPLE CLAMOR FOR WAR,
GOVERNMENT WANTS PEACE.
Copyrighted 1898 by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID. Feb. 15.— Puplic feeling here against the United States is
very highly strung. In the public mind the firm conviction is that the
United States means to force war upon Spain and that the latter must
absolutely stand her ground; that in Cuba the autonomists would side
■with Spain, righting against United States troops, and that if the
Spaniards would encourage the landing of American troops in the
greatest number possible, now that the unhealthy season is coming on,
it would kill them off like flies.
At the same time ships of war could bombard the coast towns,
which, with the exception of New York, are considered unprotected, the
United States not having sufficient warships to guard them.
Great calculations are also made on the widespread ruin which
would fall upon business men in the United States, whereas the bourse
here would scarcely change, as would be the case with the United
States. A war would merely be the first step toward the solution of a
question which is slowly bleeding the resources of the country to death.
Such is the representative idea of public Spanish feeling to-day;
but, mark you, do not quote it as the Government's. The action of the
Government, telegraphed to you last evening, has not popularized it at
home. There are indications that the Ministers are not displeased to
get rid of a representative who could not sincerely reflect their feel
ings, for Senor de Lome was a fervent member of the National party,
headed by Senor Romero Robledo and General Weyler. The Govern
ment feels relief now at having one of Its own men, who truly repre
sents the most liberal ideas of the Cabinet, and who starts full of the
idea of the importance of pushing the commercial treaty, the details of
which he is far more fitted to deal with than was Senor de Lome.
SPANIARDS ARE
NOW IN A MOST
WARLIKE MOOD
Clamoring for Conflict While the
Two Nations Are Closing
the De Lome In
cident.
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The administration offices were deeply
gratified to-day by the Herald's an-
nouncement from Madrid that Spain
would make a complete and satisfac
tory disavowal of the De Lome letter.
This is the only authentic information
which has reached here, the only offi
cial dispatch on the subject being the
one received yesterday from Minister
Woodford stating that Senor Sagasta
had promised that a satisfactory dis
avowal would he made. In the light of
this and the Herald's dispatch this
morning the authorities now no longer
hesitate to say that the incident is
closed, and that all that remains is
the publication of Spain's reply, which
will follow as soon as Minister Wood
ford is heard from. With the arrival
of the new Minister active negotia
tions in connection with the proposed
new commercial treaty will begin.
By this action Spain will attempt to
show the world that the statements
made by Senor de Lpme that she was
insincere in her desire to negotiate a
reciprocity convention are untrue.
When Senor Louis Polo de Bernabe is
formally presented to the President it
is expected there will be an exchange
of addresses which will contain ex
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
pressions of friendship and g^od will
and demonstrate that harmony exists
in the relations between the two Gov
ernments. Calderon Carlisle, attorney
for Senor Canalejas, in the matter of
securing a return of the letter ad
dressed to him by Senor De Lome
and which caused the resignation of
the latter here as Minister, is con
sidering: what steps shall be taken to
detect and punish the person or per
sons who abstracted the commumoa
tion from the mails.
"We know, of course," said an offi
cial in the State Department to me to
day, "that Mr. Carlisle's object in ob
taining the letter is to use it as evi
dence in any prosecution that might be
inaugurated against the person or per
sons who stole the letter or who have
had it in their possession. If the letter
was stolen, then the person or persons
in whose possession it was might be
Indicted for being receivers of stolen
goods. It seems to me that the Cuban
Junta made" a mistake in turning that
letter over to the State Department
without at least securing a promise
for its return."
Mr. Carlisle declines to state what
action he proposes against any of the
persons who may have been responsi
ble for the publication of the letter.
DEPLORED BY THE
SPANISH NEWSPAPERS.
De Lome's Letter Gives the Govern-
merit More Offense Than Was
Imagined.
Copyrighted. 189 R. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, Feb. 15.— The Government
org&D F.i Correo, says of Senor de
Lome's letter: "It gives the Spanish
Government offense far exceeding that
to the President of the United States.
Against the injurious words to the
President we protest. We deplore the
imputation against the Spanish Gov
ernment and we resent it exceedingly.
It is deplorable that a public function- •
ary, invested with a diplomatic char
acter, could write even in a private
letter ideas which are so disgraceful
as those from the pen of the late Min
ister to Washington."
El Heraldo says: "The Spanish Gov
ernment has nothing to do with the
letter. It did not inspire a single par
agraph and had no idea of us exis
tence."
SENOR DE LOME
LEAVES WASHINGTON.
liow the Babbling, Disgraced Diplo
mat is on His Way Back
to Spain.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The late
Spanish Minister, Senor Dupuy de
Lorn% accompanied by Mrae. de Lome,2
their two sons and a Spanish valet,
left Washington at 4 o'clock this after
noon for New York, whence they sail
to-morrow for Liverpool. A large del
egation from the diplomatic corps, ac
companied by their wives, gave a
hearty au revlor at the station to their
iate associate. Mme. de Lome carried
a bouquet of red roses, and several
baskets of flowers were carried by the
attendants and placed in the car occu
pied by the De Lome party. The en
tire staff of the Spanish legation, head
ed by Senor Dubose, the Charge d'Af
faires, was present, and others at the
station were Count and Countess de
Lichtervelde of the Belgian Legation,
Viscount and Viscountess de Sauto-
Thyrso of the Pojtuguese Legation,
Mr. Piedoa, the Swiss Minister; Gen
eral Rengieof of the Colombian Lega
tion; Bamn Riedl of the Austrian Le
gation; Mr. de Weeherlin, the Minis
ter of the Netherlands; Count d'Ar
cos of Spain; Mr. Gana, the Chilean
Minister, and Mine. Gana, and Senor
Corea of the Central American Lega
tion. Mme. Gana brought a handsome
bouquet and handed it to Mme. de
Lome Just before the train passed out.
Senor de Lome passed among his for
mer associates, giving them a warm
farewell, and Mme. de Lome waved
her adieux to the men and embraced
the ladies. Quite a number of outsiders
were attracted by the gathering, but
further than that the Minister's de
parture was entirely quiet and unob
trusive.
CAPTURE OF AN
INSURGENT AMAZON
Senorita Isabel Rubio Wounded Dur-
ing a Skirmish and Taken
by the Spaniards.
HAVANA, Feb. 15.— 1t is announced
In Spanish circles that Senorlta Isabel
Rubio, who is described as an Amazon,
was captured after being wounded in
a skirmish between a detachment of
Spanish troops and some insurgents in
the province of Pinar del Rio. Senorita
Rubio, it appears, joined the insurgents
at the invitation of the late Antonio
Maceo. She is said to belong to a prom
inent family.
FOUR NEW COMPANIES
ARE MUSTERED IN.
An Illinois Militia Regiment Is Hur-
riedly Placed on a War
Footing.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— One of the signs
of the times was the hurried mustering
to-night of four new companies to
raise the Seventh Regiment, Illinois
National Guard, to its full strength.
The order was received from the Gov
ernor early in the afternoon, and
though only circulated by word of
mouth and mail by officers, more can
didates for enlistment presented them
selves at the armory to-night than
would have filled twice as many com
panies as were needed. Though noth
ing was paid that would give the official
color to the belief the order was given
in anticipation of a call by the Govern
ment for troops for service In a Cuban
campaign, yet it was noticeable that
every officer addressing the men re
verted to the possibility of being called
upon for Cuban duty, and was heartily
cheered by men.
THE MAINE
DESTROYED IN
HAVANA HARBOR
Continued from First Page.
few vessels here available. There were
the torpedo boats Cushing and Erics
son and the supply boat Fern, which
arrived yesterday from the fleet at
Dry Tortugas. All the other naval
vessels had been scattered at different
points in the gulf.
Then came the report that the bat
tleship had been blown up. This news
was first received by the commandant
of the station, who In turn communi
cated the information to the several
officers in command. A telephone mes
sage was sent the commanding army
officer at the barracks.
Meanwhile the news rapidly spread
over the entire city, and the cable of
fice became the center of attraction.
The fact that the two torpedo boats
were getting up steam and would be
ready to sail added to the excitement.
A hurried conference was meanwhile
being had between several naval offi
cers present, and a line of action
. promptly decided upon.
The torpedo boat Ericsson was first
to get under way. She steamed out
with open throttles and headed for the
westward. While it is not positively
known where she has gone the im
pression is she has been dispatched to
the Dry Tortugas to notify Admiral
Sicard of the disaster to the Maine.
The Cushing is puffing at the wharf
ready to steam out and apparently only
waiting orders to proceed to Havana.
As I write this dispatch, at 3 a. m.,
the quartermaster of the supply boat
Fern is sitting in the cable office wait
ing to receive any message that may
come for the general.
Every Government vessel in the har
bor is getting ready to sail for Havana
as soon as orders are received.
RELIEF MEASURES
FOR THE SURVIVORS.
Reports Made to the State Depart
ment and to the President on
the Disaster.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.—Com- \
mnader Dickins, after carrying out I
the Instructions of Secretary Long
with regard to relief measures for the ;
survivors of the Maine, went at once !
to the White House, where the Presi- j
dent was aroused and informed of the i
disaster. President McKinley received
the news calmly and expressed his
deep sorrow, but said nothing further,
except that he was thoroughly satis
fied with the measures adopted by the !
Navy Department.
Secretary Long retired at 4 a. m. and ■
orders that all further dispatches \
from Havana should be transmitted to
Captain Dickens.
It is learned that Secretary Long's ;
second dispatch from Key West, which |
was not given out, was merely from '
Captain Forsyth, confirming the mes
sage of Captain Sigsbee.
"THIS IS DREADFUL,"
SAYS DUPUY DE LOME.
The Ex-Spanish Minister Is Badly !
Shocked, but Declares There
Will Not Be War.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— At 5:30 a. m.
Dupuy de Lome, the ex-Minister of *
Spain to the United States, was awak
ened by a reporter and informed of the
blowing up of the Maine. De Lome ap
peared extremely agitated.
"This is dreadful, awful," he said. "I
pray God this news is not true. I pray
God that it is a mistake. Why, I have
I many dear friends on board the Maine
— men that I know intimately in Wash
1 lngton. I should feel their loss more
j than would most Americans.
"It cannot be the result of any Span
ish agency at all. The Spanish min
istry and the Spanish people have been
1 greatly misunderstood in this country.
' They all desire peace; they all want
i peace with America and Americans, not
only from motives of policy, but be
cause they love America.
"I am forced to say now by this ter
i rible affair what I should have been
| precluded from saying before. Spain
cannot afford to have war with the
! United States. If only from motives
of policy they are determined not to
have any war. There can be no war
; between this country and Spain. Such
a thing is out of the question.
"If the Maine has been blown up In
Havana harbor it is the result of an
accident. That is absolutely certain.
There will be nojwar."
WILD EXCITEMENT
AT THE CAPITAL
Nearly Everybody in Washington
Is of the Opinion That Spain
Has Proven Treacherous.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— News of
the disaster at Havana spread rapidly
over the city and the hotel lobbies -and
all public places were crowded with
people eager to hear and discuss every
particle of information as fast as it
wus received.
The wildest reports were in circula
tion, both in regard to the number of
fatalities and the cause of the explo
sion.
Nearly every one seemed to suspect
treachery on the part of Spain or its
over-enthusiastic friends in Havana.
Few would believe the explosion was
the result of an accident, but cooler
heads expressed a willingness to wait
for later news before forming any con
clusion.
President McKinley was greatly agi
tated when he heard the news and he
expressed the hope that it was an acci
dent, making no reference to treachery
In his conversation.
It was stated by a person who came
from the White House that the Presi
dent received the news with perfect
coolness, but that he expressed deep
sorrow for the sailors who lost their
lives.
At the Army and Navy Club there
were groups of deeply interested offi
cers, some of them showing their deep
sorrow in every word and look for
their acquaintances aboard the Maine.
Meager information concerning the
cause of the explosion prevented any
intelligent discussion of the probable
outcome, and none could be found by
the correspondent of The Call willing
to venture an opinion.
There is much conjecture as to what
course is being or will be pursued by
the Government.
Among laymen abroad at this hour
a strong jingosplritismanifested.andit
is feared this feeling will be so intense
throughout the country that the con
; servatives will be swopt off their feet
i when the day dawns, unless it is made
; unmistakably plain that the disaster
was the result of an accident and not
of Spanish design.
Long after midnight the telegraph of
fices were besieged by friends of those
known to be on board the Maine. Many
[of the officers and men have friends,
' some families, L. this city, and some of
the latter were in a state of excitement
better imagined than described.
They were almost beside themselves
when they learned that 100 lives were
lost. But when news came later that
'■ over 200 had been killed they wrung
their hands and begged piteously for
j the names of the lost.
There were no crumbs of comfort for
i any one, every new report picturing
! the disaster as more terrible than the
i one preceding it.
THE EXPLOSION IN THE
FORE PART OF THE MAINE.
Not in the Powder Magazines, Which
Captain Sigsbee Says Were in
Perfect Order.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The Worlds
Havana correspondent says: The cx
i plosion was in the fore part of the ves
j sel, and not in the powder magazines,
! which Captain Sigsbee says were in
perfect order.
Captain Sigsbee although badly
j wounded in the face, was very cool in
giving orders to officers and : .?n.
The officers also showed great cool
1 noss and valor in giving orders to the
j men. They were in their shirt sleeves,
i having been hurled from their bunks.
! At this moment they are bringing in
j the wounded to the land. Some are
■ mortally wounded and will probably
• die.
Five minutes after the explosion the
Spanish warship Alfnnso Doce had
lowered her boats, and was picking up
those who were swimming.
United States Consul-General Lee is
at the Governor-General's palace con
ferr.ng with Captain-General Blanco.
THE MAINE PRACTICALLY
A NEW BATTLESHIP.
Was Built in 1890 at New York, and
Had a Complement of
874 Men.
The second-class battleship Mairie
! was built at the United States navy
j yard at New York in 1890. Her dimen
i sions are as follows: Length, 310 feet;
> breadth, 57 feet; draught, 21Vfe feet. The
i Maine was of 6648 tons displacement.
I She was provided with engines of 9000
' horse-power, and could maintain a
speed of seventeen knots an hour. She
carried twin screw engines, vertical and
with triple expansion. Her armor was
eleven inches in thickness. The fight
i ing machinery of the battleship con
; slated of four 10-inch and six 6-lnch
breech-loading rifles. As a secondary
battery she carried fourteen rapid-fire,
four revolving cannon and four Gat
: lings. The cost of the battleship was
! $2,588,000. She had a steel hull and a
complement of 874 men.
SPANISH CRUISER
VIZCAYA ARRIVES TO-DAY.
And in the Event of War New York
City Would Be at the Mercy
of Her Guns.
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The Spanish
armored cruiser Vizcaya, with a crew
of 484 men, Is expected to arrive In
New Fork harbor some time to-mor
row. To-night the United States war
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
ship nearest to this port was the ar
mored cruiser Brooklyn, which was in
Hampton Roads, 350 miles away. It
would take eighteen hours of record
steaming for the Brooklyn to reach
here from the Virginia 6hores.
Naval men say the Vizcaya could de
molish the greater part of Greater New
York in less than two hours. There are
no warships in the Brooklyn navy
yard which could be made ready for
service in less than two months. The
cruisers Atlanta and Chicago are there,
but they are at present nothing more
than useless hulks. Their engines, fun
nels and boilers are stripped of arma
ment, and in a fight theshlps would not
be as serviceable as a ferry boat. The
dispatch boat Dolphin, the Presidential
yacht, is also in the navy yard, in the
stone dry dock, being refitted with new
boilers. She could not be made ready
for a sea trip inside of two months.
In an engagement with the Vizcaya's
type she would be as impotent as a
baby against Sandow. The Vizcaya
comes here ostensibly on a visit of
courtesy.
Captain Gilmour, chief aid to Com
mandant Bunce at the Brooklyn Navy
yard, was asked to-day what protec
tion the people of New York would
have against the guns of the Vizcaya if
war with Spain were begun while she
was anchored in the harbor, and all
the American warships at distant
points.
"This country would not declare war
under such conditions," said the cap
tain.
"But suppose Spain should take ad
vantage of the opportunity and declare
war?"
"Why, the Vizcaya would be invited
to leave the harbor," replied the cap
tain. "At t any rate it would be a sui
cidal proceeding for her to bombard the
city. She could never leave the har
bor. The forts would see to that. But
there is little doubt that when the
Spanish warship arrives there will be
an American man-of-war close at hand
to take care of her. It is not likely
she will be long in the harbor unat
tended."
GREAT INTEREST
IS MANIFESTED.
Excitement in New York and In
quiries From Many of the
European Capitals.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— News of the
Maine disaster created wild speculation
and great excitement in the navy yard.
The extraordinary nature of the inter
est manifested in the news of the dis
aster may be gained from the fact that
long after midnight the officials of the
State Department were aroused by
messengers bearing dispatches froni
European capitals asking for verifica
tion. From such distant points even
as Glasgow and Paris these inquiries
were wired to Washington.
NAVAL FOOTING OF
THE TWO NATIONS.
Comparative Strength of Spain and
the United States Duly Set
Forth.
At this time a comparison of our
: navy with that of Spain will prove
iof interest. The revolution in the
, methods of naval warfare makes
it impossible to estimate the strength
\of a navy by the number of
i ships or the weight of its guns. It may
, be that in the next great naval con
' filet some one small vessel will show
I that it can destroy the combined navies
| of the world; and it is almost certain
: that some of the battleships or armored
' cruisers will prove as destructive to
j the unarmored or protected cruis rs as
j the Virginia would have been to our
■ wooden fleet had the Monitor not
i stopped her career so suddenly t in
[ Hampton Roads.
While there will doubtless be desul-
I tory fighting among cruisers, it will be
! mere "out-post skirmishing," amount
: ing to little. The real fighting will be
j between battleships and their supports
I — protected cruisers and coast-defense
vessels fitted for seagoing.
Battleships are divided into three
! classes. The first (A) includes those of
j 8000 tons or more, built since 1890; or, if
before that, of 9500 tons. They are gen
erally considered as equal in strength,
I but in any close calculation this would
not be fair. Some are much more heav
ily armed than others, while some are
faster and stronger armored. Of ves
sels of this class Spain has but one, the
Pelayo, and the United States has nine
— four in service and five under con
! struction.
The Pelayo is a prand fight. ng ma
chine of 9900 tons with 17.7 inches of
steel armor, carrying two 12.5-inch
guns, two 11-inch, one 6-inch, twelve
4.7-inch, and smaller guns. She has
seven torpedo tubes. To match her the
United States h..s fie Indiana, Massa
chusetts and Oregon, each of 10,231 tons,
l :th 18-inch steel armor, carrying four
13-inch guns, arranged as the Pelayo's
four he-vy guns are — fore and aft and
broadside — and eight 8-inch guns in
barbette, six 4-inch quick-firing guns,
and seven torpedo tubes.
Either of these three would be mope
than a match for the Pelayo, being
larger, more heavily armed, and sailing
fifteen knots to her twelve. The lowa
would be a fairer mateh — of 11,296 tons,
with fourteen inches of steel armor
carrying four 12-inch, eight 8-inch,
and six 4-inch guns, with six torpedo
tubes.
The battle-ship of the second class
(B) Is one of 7000 tons or upward,
launched since 1871, not included in the
first class; and neither Spain nor the
United States has one.
All other battle-ships are put In the
third (C) class. They are those under
7000 tons. The United States has one —
the Texas — and Spain has two — the Nu
mancia and Vitoria — but the latter are
of the old-fashioned broadside type
built in 1865 carrying muzzle-loading,
10-inch Armstrong guns, while the Tex
as is of the '95 model, carrying two 12
inch breech-loaders and able to outsail,
outmaneuver and . outfight the two
combined.
To the battle-ship the sea-going coast
defense ironclad may be expc»cted to
give great assistance. Spain has none
— the two little ones of 500 and 700 tons
used as school ships being out of the
count. The United States has elx —
three double turreted monitors and
three with double-headed barbettes of
4000 to 6000 tons each, and each carry
ing four 10-inch breech-loaders.
Armored cruisers are for fighting
mainly. They are brevet battle ships.
Spain has four— Emperado Carlos V,
Almirante, Oquendo, Vizcaya and In
fanta Maria Teresa — afloat, and four
building, ranging from 6890 tons to 9090
tOtti, each carrying two 11-inch "breech
loaders in turrets. The United States
has three — Brooklyn, New York, Maine
— of equal tonnage, armed with lighter
guns, but more of them en barbette.
A fight between the Brooklyn and
Carlos V would settle the disputed
question of armament, as to whether
the two 11-inch guns in turret were
a match for eight 8-inch guns in bar
bette. The Spanish vessels have been
built, like ours, since 1890; but they
represent an entirely different prin
ciple in construction and armament,
and which is the better has yet to be
proved. Here is a brief table for com
parison:
CARLOS V. BROOKLYN.
Tonnage, 9090. Tonnage. 9153.
2 turrets. 4 barbettes.
2 11-lnnh B. 8 8-Inch B.
10 S'/i-lnoh Q. 12 5-inch Q.
4 4-lnch Q. 12 8-pdr. Q.
2 10-prlr. Q. 4 i-pdr. Q.
4 6-prtr. Q. 4 maeh.
4 1-pdr. Q. 5 torpedo tubes.
2 maoh.
6 torpedo tubes.
The armament is light— one 8-inch
breech-loader, two 6-inch quick-firing,
eight 4-inch twelve pounders and six
torpedo tubes, but they can outßteam
anything in the Spanish navy, and de
stroy any vessel lighter armed—gun
boats and protected cruisers — with
practical impunity.
The armor of the American is much
heavier, the barbette being protected by
fifteen inches, and the turrets by only
ten inches. In addition, the American
quick-firing guns are protected by 4
inch shields.
The last in the battle line are the
"protected" cruisers. Of these there are
three classes— over and under 6000 tons
and under 3000 tons— G, H and J. Spain
has one of the first class (G) and the
United States has two, the Minneapo
11b and the Columbia.
Of the second class (H) Spain has two
—Alfonso XIII and Lepanto, carrying
four 7.8-inch B, and six 4.7-inch B. The
j United States has eleven— Olympia,
I Philadelphia, Chicago, Newark, San
Francisco, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Ra
leigh, Charleston, Atlanta and Boston.
Each one is better protected than the
Spanish type, but while some are more j
heavily armed, the majority of them '
are less heavily armed. The Olympia j
carries four 8-inch and ten 5-inch guns, j
j the Baltimore four 8-inch and six 6- |
J inch, but the Chicago carries only four- I
j teen 5-inch guns, the Newark twelve !
6-lnch and the Raleigh one 6-inch and
ten 5-inch guns.
Of the third class (J), under 3000 tons,
Spain has purchased one built for the
Japanese Government at Kiel. It has j
not yet been named or armed. The
| United States has the Marblehead, De- !
I troit and Montgomery, each carrying !
j nine 6-lnch quick-firing guns.
In addition to several light-draft j
gunhoats building, the United States
has thirteen torpedo boats in various I
stages of construction, but most of
! them will be ready before the close of
j the present year.
Spain has under construction In her |
! own yards at the present time, In ad- j
. dition to the vessels named, four ar- !
i mored cruisers, four protected cruisers, !
; four gunboats,, four torpedo-boats and ,
three battle-ships, to be equipped with
armament and motive power in France, j
From this brief review of the fighting I
1 strength of the two navies it will be
, seen that the United States has a great
i advantage over Spain in every respect.
HYDROPHOBIA WITHOUT
BEING BITTEN BY A DOG.
Strange Case of a Swedish Servant
Girl Who Died in a new York
Hospital.
NEW YORK, Foli 15.— It appears from
the history of Ellen Callson, the 19-year
old Swedish girl who died In Roosevelt
Hospital, that a person may become in
fected with hydrophobia without being
bitten by a dog. An autopsy upon the
girl's body marie to-day revealed the
fact that her death was caused by hydro
phobia, although so far as can be learned
no dog over l)it her.
The girl was employed as a servant by
a family at Congers, N. Y. She was
brought to the hospital on Sunday after
noon, apparently suffering with a vio
lent attack of rabies. She seemed to
be suffocating and had the hallucinations
usual in such eases. Where she was
employed there were three large New
foundland dogs of which she was very
fond. One of the dogs died on November
20, a second on November SO, and the
third on Jaunary 20. A veterinary who
attended them found no trace of rabies
in any of them, yet to them is traced
the fatal malady of the girl. The
presumption is that the germs were com
municated to her by dogs licking her
hands which were badly chapped.
"THUNDERBOLT" IS EASY.
The Colored Heavy Weight Knocked
Out by Maher in Three
Bounds.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 15.— Peter Ma
her and "Thunderbolt" Smith, the colored.
Buffalo heavy weight, met at the Arena
in this city to-night In a six-round bout,
and Malier won in the third round. The
fighting was fast, and Maher had all the
better of It.
In the final round Smith landed a hard
left on Maher's ear. Maher countered
with his left on Smith's face and repeated
the blow twice. Smith ducked into an
uppercut and Maher sent left and right
on his opponent's head. He again landed
his left and right on Smith's face, knock
ing him down. As Smith rose to his feet
Maher banged him repeatedly on the face
and jaw and "Thunderbolt" went to the
floor again. Maher kept after him and
soon had him in a groggy condition, hang-
Ing onto the ropes. To save a knockout,
Smith threw up his hands and quit.
Brutality of a Husband.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 15.— A pitiful case
of cruelty and a woman's suffering came
to light to-day and claimed the atten
tion of District Attorney E. B. Marti
nelll. Mrs. Rossi, wife of Frank Rossi,
was reported to the District Attorney to
be starving. An investigation disclosed
the fact that Mrs. Rossi had been with
out food for days; that her husband had
forced her to work until from weakness
and exhaustion she dropped to the floor,
and lay In a semi-conscious condition.
Mrs. Rossi has five children. They were
placed in an orphan asylum and Mrs.
Rossi given a berth at the poor farm.
Lord Neville Sentenced.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— 1n the Central Crim
inal Court to-day Lord William Neville,
fourth son of the Marquis of Abergaven
ny. who was placed on trial charged with
fraud In connection with the suit of
"Sam" Lewis, the money lender, against
Spencer Clay to recover £11,113 due on
two promissory notes cashed by Lord Ne
ville, pleaded guilty of fraud, but claimed
he was not guilty of forgery. He was
sentenced to five years' penal servitude.
♦
Sugar Company Buys Lime Rock.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 15.—The Daniels
Transfer Company has a contract to haul
SCOO tons of lime rock from Thurber's
quarry, a mile and a half from town, to
the depot, where the rock is to be loaded
upon cars: anci taken to Salinas. There it
will be used by the Western Beet Sugar
Company for "foundations for its build
ing. The sugar company uses lime rock
from Santa Cruz for refining sugar.
Pugilist Slater Wounded.
ANGELS CAMP, Feb. 15.— A difficulty
arose between Charles Slater, the sailor
pugilist, and Joe Monteverdi of Altaville
here to-day, and Slater was shot In the
groin. Monteverdi is under arrest. Slater
is under the care of a doctor. Slater
fought Carkeek in the ring here two
weeks ago and was defeated. Slater may
die.
■■' ■ • « ' gg
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quintal Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
IS COMPLYING
WITH THE LAW
Attorney-General Griggs
and the Sale of the
Kansas Pacific.
Replies to the Questions in the
Senate Resolution of
Inquiry.
Property Will Be Sold to the Highest
Bidder and Government
Claims Paid in Full.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 15.
Attorney-General Grlggs replied to
day to the Harris resolution, which
passed the Senate. The Attorney-Gen
eral says that the Government has al
ready complied with the decree of the
court which entitled it to become a
bidder. If the sale was allowed to pro
ceed upon the adjourned day, with no
chance of a bid equal to the amount of
the principal of the Government's debt,
1/ would be incumbent upon him to bid
on the property for the Government.
This would have been attended with
difficulties, which would be mainly
that the Government was not author
ized to operate the railroad in its own
name or through its agencies, and seri
ous doubt existed as to whether the
court would, after the sale, appoint and
continue receivers for the mere purpose
of operating the road on behalf of the
Government. He then refers to what
took place in St. Louis when the reor
ganization committee offered to bid the
amount of the principal of the Govern
ment debt. In conslusion he says:
"Answering specifically the questions
contained in the resolution of the Sen
ate, I would say I have not authorized
any agreement by which the property
is to be sold for the face value of sub
sidy bonds, nor has the Government
agreed not to be a bidder at the sale.
The only agreement made was to dis
continue the motion for postponement,
a redemption and the appointment of
a receiver, upon the guarantee that the
minimum bid by the reorganization
should be the principal of the Govern
ment debt. The property will be sold
at public sale In open competition to
such party as may offer the highest
bid, subject only to the stipulation ob
tained in open court on Saturday last,
that the minimum bid will be $6,303,000
instead of J2.500.000, as formerly fixed
by the court."
REORGANIZERS TO
BUY THE PROPERTY.
To-Day Uncle Sam Will Foreclose
the Liens on the Kansas
Pacific Property.
TOPEKA, Kan., Feb. 15. — To-morrow
TV. D. Cornish of Omaha, sperlal mas-
ter, will sell the Government lien on the
Union Pacific Railroad in Kansas. The
upset price of the Government Hen is
$6, 303,000. A. W. Krech of New York
will make the purchase for the reor
ganization committee, which is the new
Union Pacific Company. Special Mas
ter Cornish will sell under a special
mortgage the eastern division of the
Union Pacific— l4o miles. The upset
price Is to be $4,500,000. Krech also will
buy this property for the new com
pany.
On Friday Cornish will sell under a
special mortgage, and Krech will buy
for the company, the middle divi
sion of the Union Pacific— 2s4 miles.
This sale will take place at Salina.
The upset price is to be $5,300,000.
On Saturday, the entire line, from
Kansas City to Denver, will be sold
under the consolidated mortgage. This
sale will be made in North Topeka.
The upset price is to be $8,000,000.
There was a talk for a while that
the Alton would make an effort to get
hold of the Union Pacific road in Kan
sas, but nothing has been heard about
it lately. The reorganization commit
tee will have a clear field.
In the advertisement for the sale of
the Union Pacific road in Kansas, the
property has been referred to as the
Kansas Pacific, that being the name of
the original company— the company
with which the Government first did
business.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
Passage of the Bill to Amend the
Navigation Laws.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The House
put In a busy day. The time was devoted
to the consideration of bills and joint res
olutions under the call of committees, and
sixteen of more or less public importance
were passed. An order was entered for
the consideration of the Loud bill relat
ing to eecond-class mail matter on March
1, 2 and 3, and the order for the consider
ation of the bankruptcy bill, which begins
to-morrow, was modified so that the final
vote shall be taken on Saturday inßtead
of Monday as arranged last week.
Payne (Rep.) of New York, chairman of
the Committee on Merchant Marine,
called up the bill to amend the naviga
tion laws of the United States. Payne ex-
Slained that the bill had been prepared
y the Treasury Department and was de
signed to protect our sea coast trade
along the Pacific Coast with Alaska.
After some argument the bill was
passed.
Loud (R.) of California, from the Com
mittee on Postofflces and Post Roads,
called up the bill to make it lawful to
transmit through the mails private pos
tal cards with a one-cent stamp affixed.
The bill was passed. Loud stated that
it was very important that the House
should act on the bill relating to a di
vision of the law relating to second-class
mail matter, as the postofflce appropria
tion bill was being held up, pending the
decision of the House on that measure.
He asked that March 1 and 2 be devoted
to its consideration.
Loud then called up a bill reported by
his committee requiring prepayment of
postage on all first-class mall matter,
but after a brief debate it was recom
mitted.
A bill was passed empowering registers
and receivers of general land offices to
Issue subperaa and compel attendance.
A bill was r issed repealing the statute
requiring affirmative proof of loyalty by
the holders of bounty or land warrants.
At 5 o'clock the House adjourned.
Sought to Incinerate His Employer.
WALNUT CREEK, Feb. 15.— John Eaw
ler, who for the past ten years has been
employed on the ranch of A. P. Penlman,
has confessed that he set fire to his em
ployer's barn, which, with its contents
of hay, grain and farm implements, was
burned on Sunday. He says that he ex
pected his employer would perish in the
flames. Lawler is said to be addicted to
morphine, and his friends allege that he
committed arson while temporarily in
sane. The damage to the barn was" $5000.
Lawler has been arrested, and will be
tried for arson.
Equal Suffragists Heard.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The Senate
Committee on Equal Suffrage to-day
granted a hearing in the Senate marble
room to a large delegation of ladies from
the National Woman Suffrage Associa
tion, now in convention in this city.
FIND A CACHE
OF LEGAL LORE
Selma's Alleged Firebug
Placed in a Bad
Light.
Officers Discover Accused At
torney Robinson's Law-
Books.
Removed From His Office Before the
Fire and Buried Near His
House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 15.— The' officers of
Selma worked all last night and un
til 11 o'clock to-day searching for evi
dence against Edward J. Robinson, the
young attorney who was arrested on a
charge of arson, and who is now in the
County Jail here awaiting trial. The
lawyer was arrested for an attempt
to burn the building in which his office
was located in order to get $500 insur
ance on about $100 worth of law books,
and it was ascertained that nearly all
the volumes had been removed from
the office before the fire was started.
The officers made a diligent search to
find the books, believing that Robinson
had secreted them. This forenoon they
made the discovery, and obtained very
damaging evidence against the young
attorney. Deputy Constable Y. A.
Burns searched Robinson's home and
found several of the books, but most
of them were found burled deep in the
ground near his house. The find was
made by Constable E. Vandergrift, who
noticed some loose earth and leaves.
He made an excavation and 149 vol
umes were found buried in a hole
three feet deep, two feet wide and four
or five feet long. The hole was care
fully lined with papers, and the books
were covered with sacks. All the books
had the attorney's name on them, so
there can be no mistake as to the
ownership.
An effort was made to attach them
by the insurance companies to equal
ize the loss on the building, but they
were found to be exempt from execu
tion. Robinson will not make any
statement, but merely exclaims that "it
is all like a dream." He affects mel
ancholia in Jail, and is evidently feign
ing insanity. He is a step-brother of
the Ruggles boys, who were lynched
at Redding Borne time ago.
AMERICANS VIE
WITH MEXICANS
Meeting of Two Governors at
the International Boundary
Line.
Reception and Banquet to McCord of
Arizona and Ramon Corral
of Sonora.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOGALES, Ariz., Feb. 15.— For weflp
past extensive preparations have bee\
under way for the reception by citizens
of Nogales, Sonora, and Nogales, Ariz.,
to Governor Ramon Corral of Sonora,
Mexico, and Governor M. H. McCord of
Arizona, who now are guests of the twin
cities on the border. The Mexican exec
utive, accompanied by the State officials
and members of the Sonora Legislature,
arrived from Hermosillo last evening. The
hospitality ot Nogales was tendered the
visitors, who stood on Mexican soil to
receive the welcome extended them by
the Anglo-Saxons standing on American
territory, and escorted by Company G,
First Infantry, National Guard ot Ari
zona, and fully half the population of both
cities.
The southbound train to-day brought
Governor McCord, his family and staff
from Phoenix. The two Governors to
day exchanged calls, and many toasts
were proposed in honor of Mexico and the
United States.
Much good is expected to follow the
meeting of the two executives. This
evening a magnificent banquet and ball
were given. To-morow they go to Her
moßillo, the capital of Sonora, where
elaborate preparations have been made
for their entertainment.
PAY DIRECTOR BILLINGS
15=1 OUT OF THE NAVY.
Dismissed From the Service for Tell-
ing an Untruth to Secretary
Long.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Luther &.
Billings, pay director in the United States
navy, has .been found guilty by a court
martial which has been in session at the
Washington navy-yard for the past few
days of falsehood and scandalous con
duct, and has been sentenced to dismissal
from the navy. The result of the trial
caused the greatest surprise in naval
circles.
The accused held the highest rank in
the naval pay corps, has a host of friends
and has never before been suspected of
misconduct. The offense charged against
him was in connection with the supply
to the navy of an emergency ration. It
was shown that he, as patentee of such
ration, had turned it over to a stock
company, in which he retained an In
terest, although he had officially denied
the Interest, and that he had been instru
mental in selling the ration to the Gov
ernment. The amount of profit at stake
was so small as to make his conduct in
explicable to the department, but Secre
tary Long, after a thorough Investigation
himself, decided that a court-martial was
necessary, as it was desirable to have it
understood in the most formal fashion
that under no conditions should naval
officers enter into connections that mischt
place their integrity under the faintest
suspicion. It is felt that this result has
now been attained as the reSult of the
conviction of the accused pay inspector.
NO MORE SMALL PURSES.
Stewards of the Grand Trotting Cir
cuit Fix the Schedule.
DETROIT, Feb. 15.-The stewards of
the Grand Trotting Circuit, at their an
nual meeting to-day, admitted Buffalo
and Portland, Me., to membership.
The dates for races and total purses
fixed are as follows: Detroit, July IS,
;.- ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Has Disappeared
rroubled with Catarrh, But Hood's Sar-
saparllla Cured It. /
-:. : -• . -■■■ -r- ■-.'.-■,-■ ■ :w.J ■ - .- - ■■ ■ ' / _
"Since : taking , Hood's SarsaparlUa I
have .; not ; been ' troubled with catarrh,
and it keeps my blood pure. I have rec-
ommended it to ; others, ' and advise all
troubled with impure blood to £lye it a
trial." T. B. PULLJNS, Chula \lsta,
HOOD'S Jfev
UAAH'C SARSA-
HUUL) b PARILLA
Is the best— in faot the One True Flood Pnrlflor. ;
: HOOD'S PILLS ouro siclt hc»dncha' " J6c
$50,000:YCleveland. July, 25. «^ <*> lum
bus. August 2, 530,000;, Fort Wayne. Au_
gusf ; 9. $25,000;' Buffalo^Aurust 16 >*®,OW. :
Glen : Falls; August. 23, $30.000, R^^igf
August 30, $40,000; Hartford, SePtgPXST.
5. $40,000; Portland; September U, $30.0 W.
Total purses,; s32o,ooo.' ■ _ .- .r, T
A resolution offered by P^f^"*^-,;?;
Campau of. Detroit was adopted, - P ro v) a
ing- that hereafter purses in the- circuit
must be at least ♦.000, except in colt races
for two and three year olds These lat
ter must be worth at least $1000. JSext
year, however, all colt racefc ,. m s ,L.?n
worth at least $15J. After a discussion
as to the stakes and classes for the com
ing season the meeting adjourned. -
San Rafael Lads in Jail.
SAX RAFAEL, Feb. 15.— Juan ana Jo
seph Garcia, the elder being only 14, are
in the County Jail charged with malic
ious mischief. They were arrested by
Marshal Healy and an effort will be made
to have them placed In some State insti
tution, for they are old offenders, al
though young in years. The lads took
the window glass out of the home of
William Dickson and sold It. Their par
ents were, at one time, among the ricn
est property owners in the county, but
misfortune overtook them.
Mill Valley's Big Engine.
MILL VALLEY. Feb. 15.— Ernest
Thomas, chief engineer of the Mill Val
ley and Mount Tamnpais Scenic Rail
road, will leave on Wednesday for Erie
to make the necessary arrangements for
the transportation of the new compound
mountain-climbing engine recently pur
chased by the Scenic Railway Company.
The engine is of peculiar construction,
built by the Holster Works and capable
of hauling six cars up the mountain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE Tt |¥li7oNS.
A Valuable Little Book Sent Free for
the Asking
Medical books are not always inter*
esting reading, especially, to people en-
joying good health, but as a matter
of fact scarcely one person in ten is
perfectly healthy, and even with such,
sooner or later sickness must come.
It is also a well established truth
that nine-tenths of all diseases origin-
ate with a breaking down of the di-
gestion, a weak stomach weakens and
impoverishes the system, making it
easy for disease to gain a foothold.
Nobody need fear consumption, kid-
ney disease, liver trouble ot a weak
heart and nervous system as long as
the digestion is good and the stomach
able to assimilate plenty of whole-
some food.
Stomach weakness shows itself in a
score of ways and this little book de-
scribes the symptoms and causes and
points the , way to a cure bo simple
that any one can understand and ap-
ply. . '
Thousands have some form of stom-
ach trouble , and do not know it.
They ascribe the headaches, the lan-
guor, nervousness, inso-mnia, palpita-
tion, constipation and similar symp-
toms to some other cause than the true
one. Get your digestion on the right
track and the heart trouble, lung
trouble, liver disease or nervous debil-
ity will rapidly disappear. ;>-,' ( i
This little book treats entirely on
the cause and removal of indigestion
and its accompanying annoyances.
It describes the symptoms of Acid
Dyspepsia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Slow
Dyspepsia, Amylaceous Dyspepsia,
Catarrh of Stomach and all affections
of the digestive organs in plain lan-
guage easily understood and the causa
'-removed.
NTt gives valuable suggestions as to
die*, and contains a table giving length
of rime required to digest various ar-
ticles^ of food, something. every per-
son wfth weak digestion should know.
No price is asked, but simply send
your name and address plainly writ-
ten on postal card to the F. A. Stuart
. Co., Marshall,' Mich., 'requesting' a lit-
tle book on Stomach Disesases and it
will be sent promptly by return mail.
IFvYOU ARE NOT A MAN
In all rhat the words imply you can soon be 1
restored }and strengthened by DR. ■ MEYERS
' & CO., Usl Market «t. Hundreds of men of all
ages aHfl various walks of life owe their pres-
ent ttfysical condition to the unequaled skill
of theH^great specialists.
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
This is the\motto of DR. MEYERS & CO.,
this is one of Vnany Inducements they hold out
to sufferers who have paid money to incom-
petent doctors and found no relief.
DR.V MEYERS & CO. ' have made a special
study of the most complicated ailments of men,
including troubles which have been recently
contracted, those which have become danger-
ous by bad . treatment and long standing, and
partial or complete loss of vital power.
For these afflictions DR. MEYERS & CO.
have their private formulas, remedies that heal
and restore, and methods I which have never
failed them during their many years of con-
tinued success. ; -/'•,<-•*
Our great book for men will be sent you ■
FREE upon request; also symptom blank and
question list. . :
CONSULTATION FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists for Men of the
Enellßh and German Expert Specialists,
; t 731 Market Street.
Hours: 8 to 6: evenings, 1 to 8; Sundays,
9 to 11. Phone Green 601. -
THE SWELLEST BICYCLE
, IN TOWN IS
" THE
"98" CRESCENT RACER
PRICE $50.
- Has All the Latest Improvements.
♦Tis a Beauty in Good Looks. ■
M 1 CRESCENT
|so BICYCLES
CQK Flt
«J>oo Everybody.
$50 Price and Quality Guaranteed.
LEAVITT r & BILL,
303 Larkin Street, 8. F.
20 San Pablo Avenue Oakland
'DOTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK- 4
jßMH«^Se^^lffi: t S I
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, : canneru, **
dyers, '- flourmllls, ; foundries, ' laundries, ';■. paper- "
hangers, printers, -•; painters, . shoe . factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, ■■ tailors, etc.
, BUCHANAN* BROS., .-tj, w
Brush Manufacturers, 6o9 SacramcntoSt.FRUITLESS
SEARCH FOR
SURVIVORS
Wreckage of the Steam=
ship Clara Nevada
Drifts Ashore.
Parties Sent From Seward City
Find No Trace of Those
Who Were Aboard
the Vessel.
JUNEAXf (Alaska), Feb. 15 (by S. 8. Islander to Victoria).— Cap
tain Thomas Latham of the steamer Coleman has brought to Juneau
the first news of the most horrible wreck of a steamboat that has
ci er occurred In Alaskan waters. While real facts and actual details
are at this writing scarce, there is no doubt that the steamship
Olara Nevada from Seattle on her return trip to Juneau from Dyea
and Skaguay has been wrecked and all hands lost. I had a talk this
evening with Captain Latham. lie said:
"When we put into Seward City at 10:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing for the mail they asked us what ship had been wrecked. I did not
know of any ship tljat had been wrecked. They then told us that a ship
had exploded or burned about 9 o'clock last Sunday night off Eld
.ridge Point, over toward Sullivan Island, and people of Seward
City pointed to some wreckage lying on the beach close to the wharf.
A heavy gale was blowing Saturday all day and all night. It was
the hardest blow we have had in a long time. No vessel could live in
such weather with anything the matter with her. I was told that
there was a towering puff of flames and then a bright red glow on the
biack waters. This would Indicate that the ship exploded and then
caught fire. She could not have lasted long.
"I examined the wreckage near the dock. It consisted of sky
lights, parts of a deck house, ring buoys, a part of a sewing ma
chine, pillows, chairs, tables, linen, a lot of plank and board on which
at one end was the letter 'A' and on the other 'N' in gilt. The wreck
age had yellow trimmings.
"The Clara Nevada was newly painted and had yellow trimmings.
The Clara Nevada arrived at Skaguay last Friday from Juneau, dis
charged cargo and left early Saturday afternoon for Juneau. I know
she was there at that time and that she left about that time. This
would bring her off Seward City about 9 o'clock at night. She had
aboard a number of passengers for Juneau and some for Seattle — I
don't know how many. Neither those passengers nor the ship have
arrived and this is Thursday, four days later. What has become of
them?
"AmonK the wreckage was a lot of 16-foot planks. The Clara
Nevada had a deck load of lumber. Some of it may have been for
Pyramid Harbor, which she intended to put off on her way back.
"We cruised along the shore to see if we could find anybody, but
saw not a man. I doubt that there have been any survivors of the
shipwreck in such a gale. I intended to go across to the other
shore, but the weather was too thick. Some ship has been lost— there
is no doubt about that. All the indications point to the Clara Ne
vada."
The Clara Nevada put in here last "Wednesday from Seattle, and
laid over until the next day for repairs to her boilers. It may have
been her boilers that exploded and set fire to the ship. The Clara
Nevada was of 300 or 400 tons burden, a trim craft of symmetrical
lines. She had a heavy cargo and about 100 passengers. There is
no means of telling how many passengers she carried from Dyea and
Skapuay for Seattle and Juneau, but there were undoubtedly a large
number. The list cannot be obtained until the next boat gets in
from Dyea and Skaguay, which may be the Chilcat or the Wolcott.
George Bach of Seward City came down on the Coleman. He cor
roborated Captain Latham's story. He saw the fire (he calls it an ex
plosion) on Saturday and placed the lights on the dock as a signal to
any survivors where to make a landing. None came, though many
persons were aboard the luckless vessel.
Mr. Benicke, formerly of Portland, of the local firm of J. D.
Meyer & Co., is supposed to have left on the Clara Nevada from
Juneau. Friends who have since arrived on the steamship Wolcott
say he told them he expected to leave Skaguay on the Clara Nevada
on Saturday afternoon. He has not been seen since.
The steamship Rustler left Juneau to-night to search for sur
vivors of the Clara Nevada. Searchers from Seward City and Pyra
mid Harbor have not found or seen any camp fires on the shore. The
Rustler will make a thorough search. She Is expected to retur^ in
three days. Boats from the head of Lynn Canal south usually carry
from ten to fifty passengers. It ia feared all aboard the Clara Ne
vada are lost. Many Juneau people and some residents of Seattle are
known to have been, on the ill-fated ship. HAL HOFFMAN.
SEATTLE, Feb. 15.— Intense interest
Is felt here in the reported burning of
the steamship Clara Nevada, which is
several days overdue from Skaguay. It
is difficult to glean any definite infor
mation, and the coming of the steam
ship Queen is anxiously awaited. She
Is due from the north and is expected
to bring some news of the missing ves
sel.
There Is no way at present of ascer
taining Just who were the southbound
passengers on the Clara Nevada. Their
number is supposed to be about forty,
but their names can be obtainedonlyat
the place where they took passage, and
it is very doubtful if anything like a
complete list could be obtained there.
• There seems to be no doubt that a
steamship was burned and those on
board lost, and the continued absence
of the Clara Nevada tends to confirm
the belief that she is the missing ves
sel.
, T. L. Cockrill, A. Baskey and F. S.
Duff, who went to Alaska on the last
trip of the Clara Nevada, arrived to
day on the steamship Kingston from
Victoria, having reached there this
morning on the Islander. These men
sa-sv and talked with the man who
brought the wreck story from Seward
City to Juneau, and in their opinion
there is no doubt as to the truth of
the reported loss of the Clara Nevada.
All three men talked freely to The Call
correspondent, and said that, from
their experience on board the Clara Ne
vada, the report of the explosion of her
boilers did not surprise them in the
least.
They said that the engineer was
constantly at work making repairs on
the boilers from the time the steam
ship left Puget Sound until she reached
Skaguay. At Juneau the steamship
was detained over night in order to
make further repairs.
One of the men, F. S. Duff, left the
vessel at Juneau because, as he said,
he did not consider her safe.
M. Maguire, who has an interest In
the Nevada, had his attention called to
the foregoing statement to-night and
admitted that repairs bad been made
on the .boilers on the way north, ac
cording to a letter the engineer wrote
to him from Juneau, but he says these
repairs were of no consequence and the
damage w-as not such as to in any
way endanger the vessel.
H. N. Rinker, who has been at Ju
neau for several weeks, says that the
Clara Nevada's laundry was left there
with instructions *to have it ready on
the 6th of this month. She did not re
turn and when the story of a burning
Bteainer ' being sighted above Juneau
reached'-that port three days later, it
. wm at once concluded that it could be
I none other than the Clara Nevada,
\ even before the later details came
j tending to confirm this report.
===== -t"
FATHER MEYER'S
DEATH MOURNED
All Los Angeles Grieves Over
the Passing of the
Priest.
Was Ever Ready to Extend a Help
ing Hand to Those in Need
of Assistance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— The funeral
services over the body of Very Rev. A.
J. Meyer commenced at 9 o'clock this
morning, and the bell of the church tolled
Just at noon as the funeral procession
filed out of the church. The aisles of the
edifice were crowded, and several hundred
people were unable to find even standing
room.
Father Harnett of East Los Angeles
preached the funeral sermon. He spoke
of Father Meyer as a model for his hear
ers to follow, saying that in him they be
held the life of another Savior. They
could behold in him patience and humility
in a marked degree. When Father Meyer
came to Los Angeles he was not un
known; the Holy Father had offered him
the bishopric of Galveston, but he had
refused the mitre offered by the Pope to
take charge of the boys in St. Vincent's
College.
The many Protestants present testified
to his friendship with tho.se outside the
church. He was never called to care for
the sick that he did not respond. He was
a man. plain, honest, kind and open
handed.
Herr Joseph Rubo sang Mozart's
Domine Jesu Christi, which was a fa
vorite song of the father. Herr Rubo
also sang with the choir the Sanctus and
Agnus Dei from the same mass. Dion
Romany played on his violin, "Nearer
My God to Thee."
The Bishop felt impelled to add a short
address to what Father Harnett had
said. He spoke of the death of Father
Meyer as a common loss to all the peo
ple of Los Angeles. Thi.- Bishop then
performed the final absolutions for the
dead.
As the casket was carried out of the
church it was viewed by hundreds who
had been unable to get into the church.
The cortege was composed of represent
atives of religious societies from all over
the State, and hundreds of the parish
ioners and friends of the late priest. The
interment took place at Calvary Ceme
tery on Boyle Heights.
Delegated by a Fruit Union.
MARTINEZ, Feb. 16.— Dr. Carothers,
John Swett and Samuel Potter have been
appointed a committee by the Contra Cos
ta Fruit Union to attend the Free Market
convention to be held in San Francißco on
February 23. __
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
SAILS WITH
UNCLE SIM'S
PICK TRAIN
The Lucille Departs
From Seattle for
Skaguay.
Carries Animals Which
Will Convey Supplies
to Dawson.
Fortune-Hunters Who Had
Obtained Passage Are
Left Behind.
THEY LIBEL THE SHIP.
Finally Effect a Compromise and
Will Bo Taken Northward
on the Farallon.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
. SEATTLE. Feb. 15.— After delays
that seemed interminable, the pack
train detachment of the Government
relief expedition sailed from Seattle on
the three-master ship Lucille late to
night. The work of loading the ship
began last Friday and it was expected
that she would get away by Monday.
One complication after another arose.
The Lucille brought quite a large ex
pedition of freight and passengers and
live stock from San Francisco, destined
for Dyea. When the Government pack
train and equipment were loaded on
board it was found that there was not
room for both parties. The San Fran
cisco people, holding a contract that
was prior in date to that of the Gov
ernment, stood off Lieutenant Ryan
and endeavored to prevent the loading
of the Government mules until their
outfits were aboard. For a time the at
mosphere was blue with rumors of war,
but a truce was patched up and the
San Francisco expedition gave way to
the Government after the company had
arranged to place its freight with the
steamer Farallon.
The Alaska Forwarding Company of
San Francisco, owners of forty mules
and horses and fifty tons of freight
that the Lucille brought from San
Francisco libeled the ship this after
noon for $6000 damages for refusing to
carry out a contract alleged to have
been made in San Francisco for the
transportation of the expedition to
Skaguay. Papers were served in the
suit, but the vessel was not taken in
charge by the Federal court, a com
promise being effected before evening.
Havner & Co., charterers of the Lucille/
agreed to take north on the Farallon
that which it was found impossible to
load on the Lucille.
The Lucille was billed to sail bright
and early this morning. That she did
not get away was a good thing for the
crowds of men and women that throng
ed the dock from morning until dark,
watching the gang of longshoremen
place tons and tons of hay and feed
aboard, ending finally with the inter
esting sight of loading the pack mules
in a heavy wooden stall and hoisting
them into the ship's hold.
The spectators obtained more fun at
the expense of the mules that were
hoisted on board the Lucille than in
any other one thing. Being conserva
tive to a degree of stubbornness, the
average Government pack mule is not
accustomed to ships and hoisting gear
and things of that kind. Naturally the
brutes would object to being hustled
into a boxlike structure made of stiff
fir planks attached to a rope from the
derrick on deck. Ordinarily the dock
hands would seize a mule from behind,
and with the aid of a rope and a few
energetic twist of his tail they would
yank and haul at him until they had
landed him in the stall, when the doors
at either end would be bolted tight.
Then would follow the amusing part of
the scene. As the rope stiffened and
the carriage began to raise the mule
would stamp and tug at the halter and
at the ropes that bound him down. One
brute actually screamed as he arose in
the air and gazed terror-stricken at
the rapidly receding crowd on the
wharf. Finally, however, the last mule
was safely stowed below the upper
deck, the last dog was led up the gang
plank, and the last bale of hay and
pound of feed was stowed away in the
hold.
NATIONAL BANK FOB, JUNEAU.
Financial Venture of Santa Barbara
Capitalists in Alaska.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 15.— W. T.
Summers and H. H. Eddy, who are. re
spectively, assistant cashier and book
keeper of the County National Bank of
this place, will leave for Juneau, Alaska,
to-morrow to organize the First National
Bank of Alaska. Mr. Summers is to be
president and Mr. Eddy cashier. The
bank will be capitalized for $50,000, most
of the stock being held in Santa Barbara
and San Francisco.
ARRESTED WHEN ABOUT
TO LEAVE FOR ALASKA.
Besident of San Jose Charged With
the Bobbery of His Business
Partner.
SAN JOSE, Feb. lt>.—J. R. Young, who
was arrested in San Francisco yester
day on a charge of felony embezzle
ment as he was about to depart for the
Klondike, was returned to this city this
evening by Deputy Constable Benja
min.
Young and E. R. Mundelius were, until
a short time ago, partners in a brass
foundry works located on North San Pe
dro street. Business became dull and
Mundelius proposed to Young that he
(Young) run the business, while Mun
delius would go down and look after his
ranch, located near Hollister. Young con
sented and matters were arranged" that
way. Soon afterward, Young disposed
of the entire plant and left for San
Francisco, preparatory to' starting for the
Klondike. Mundelius, not having re
ceived any accounting from Young, took
a trip up here to see how things were
getting along, and then made the dis
covery. He immediately went before
Justice Kirkpatrick and caused the war
rant to be issued, upon which Young was
arrested.
Mundelius claims that among other
things contained in the foundry there were
a valuable gasoline engine, lathe, metal
and tools, all of a combined value of not
less than $500. He says that every article
was sold by Young, who pocketed the
proceeds for the purpose of getting quiet
ly away to the mines.
Big Bun of Salmon.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 15.— The salmon
run is on In earnest. The bay ie filled with
sardines, whih is a good indication of the
presence of salmon. Every boat that
went out to-day returned with salmon.
COLUMBIA CREEK
THE RICHEST IN
THE YUKON LAND
Ex-State Senator Richards of Oregon Writes of
Recent Big Strikes in the Northern
Country.
POMONA. Feb. 15.— S. A. Richards of San Bernardino County, re
ceived a letter yesterday from his brother, Hugh, who went to Daw
son City last July. The letter was written at Dawson on December
24 and was mailed at Victoria, B. C, last Sunday.
Hugh Richards was formerly a State Senator in Oregon. He writes
his brother that the richest strikes of the past six months have been
made on Columbia Creek, and that the very highest record of gold
washing by pans in freezing cold weather was made there In the last
days of November.
Three brothers — James, William and Albert Hohn— were among the
first to strike it rich there last August. They went to Dawson from
Ventura, California, where they were very poor and eked out a liveli
hood by bee raising. Richards writes that together they have already
over $160,000 in gold stored in oil cans and sacks of skins ready for
shipment to San Francisco. Their claim is worth easily $600,000*
more. They found bedrock about fourteen feet below the surface,
and in one month they took out from a hole twelve feet square over
$50,000 worth of gold. In the last week of September they got out over
sixty pounds of gold. When they come to sluicing their gravel more
carefully next May they will surely get thousands of dollars more of
gold dust and nuggets.
Richards writes that he has not yet known of any exaggeration of
the quantity of gold in the Klondike region. He says that no one can
have any idea what an immense amount of gold Alaska and the
Klondike are going to yield until they see mining there for them
selves. He says that all the original claims on Bonanza and El Do
rado creeks are yielding as much gold now as one year ago. Some
men who have mined constantly since the first rush to Dawson in
September, 1896, have on hand over $300,000 worth of gold ready for
transportation to the United States when navigation opens, and he
thinks that at least $18,000,000 will come out of the Klondike region be
fore navigation closes next September. Some people put it at $25,000,
000.
OFF TO COPPER
RIVER WILDS
Large Party of Eastern
Men Sails From
Seattle.
Prominent Pennsylvanians Led
by a Veteran of the
War.
Have No Fear That They Will En
counter Resistance From In
dian Tribes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 15.— The steamship
Alliance sailed late to-night for Port
Valdez, Alaska, via Dyea and Skaguay,
with 250 passengers. Her return to this
port may be expected in about twenty
five days.
The Keystone Company, made up
principally of people of Braddock and
Beaver Falls, Pa., and acquaintances in
Seattle, left on the Alliance, intending
to go into the Copper River country.
There are a number of prominent men,
including lawyers, one doctor and other
professional gentlemen, as well as me
chanics and civil engineers. Colonel
Creighton, a war veteran, who com
manded a company of cavalry during
the civil war, and who took a party of
explorers and miners into the interior
of Alaska eleven years ago. is in charge
of the party. They purpose if gold is
not found in paying quantities upon the
tributaries of the Copper River to pass
over to the headwaters of the Tanana.
Colonel Creighton says that the talk
of the hostilities of the Copper River
Indians Is simply nonsense; that they
are the most inoffensive of people and
that in all parts of the territory the
natives are kind ami hospitable. He
thinks it unfortunate that so many
are going north without being advised
of the conditions, privations and hard
ships that they will have to encounter.
Many will blunder around for more
than a year before they will know as
much about the country as they should
know before starting.
VIOLATING THE
ANTITRUST LAW
Bill Introduced in the Ohio
Legislature to Regulate the
Associated Press.
The Organization May Be Compelled
to Servo All Newspapera
That Apply.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 15.— The Asso
ciated Press is looked upon by Attorney-
General Monnett and a great many mem
bers cf the General Assembly as a trust,
which is doing business in violation of the
Sherman anti-trust law. A bill was In
troduced In the Senate to-day by Mr.
Dodge which seeks to compel the asso
ciation to furnish its news service to all
Ohio papers which are now denied it.
The measure provides that all Ohio news
papers be entitled to service upon pay
ment of proper tolls, and that those
which are denied it shall have recourse' to
civil action for damages.
The measure was prepared by Attorney-
General Monnett, who gives it as his
opinion that a refusal of this association
to afford all newspapers equal privileges
makes it a trust, in plain violation of the
Sherman anti-trust liiw. There are large
numbers of Ohio papers which are not
receiving service, and, while it is not
known they would avail themselves of
it, an effort is to be made to secure the
passage of this bill, so that they can do
so if they desire service. Many members
of the Assembly, in interviews with The
Call correspondent, gave it as their opin
ion that the Associated Press comes
clearly within the delinition of what con
stitutes a trust and express themselves
as in favor of the passage of the Dodge
bill.
> .-■-■"■;. ■• •,: *
Arrezzo Wins Over Hurdles.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 15.— Weather
clear and track fast. May Hempstead,
which ran like a stake mare, and Ar
rezzo, which has taken to the jumps,
were the winning favorites.
Six furlongs, Takonassee won, Simon
W second, David third. Time, 1:15.
Four furlongs, May Hempstead won,
May Beach second, Sir Florian third.
Selling, one and an eighth miles, Cherry
Leaf won, Lakeview Palace second, His
Brother third. Time, 1:55%.
One and an eighth miles over four hur
dles, Arrezzo won, Uncle Jim second,
Shanty Kelly third. Time 2:06%.
Selling, six furlongs, Cavaletta won,
Udah second, Laura May third. Time,
One mile, Gil Ray won, Dudley E sec
ond, Tlop third. Time, 1:43.
CERTIFICATES
FOR MINERS
Lewis' Mission to Ottawa
in the Interest of
Klondikers.
Will Ask That Licenses Be
Issued by All British
Consuls.
Present Reg\jlationa That Are a Great
Hardship to Many of tho Gold
Seekers.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
OTTAWA, Ont., Feb. 15.—Represent
ative James Hamilton Lewis of Wash
ington had a conference on Yukon
matters to-day with Sir Wilfred Lau
rier and the Minister of the Interior.
Speaking of his mission, Mr. Lewis
said: "The object of my present visit
to Ottawa is connected with the diffi
culty which has arisen over certain
regulations compelling all miners to
take out mining licenses personally at
Victoria, Vancouver or other Canadian
ports. This works a very great hard
ship upon all American citizens who
may be going to the Klondike. I con
sulted with the Departments of State
and the Treasury, calling attention to
my proposal that we should ask Can
ada to permit the issue of free miners'
certificates by any British Consul or
Vice-Consul in the United States, or
at any rate at such ports In Alaska
as might be designated by the Domin
ion. Since arriving here the Chamber
of Commerce of Seattle, my home city,
has suggested Tagish as a convenient
point where license might be Issued. I
realize that Tagish is one of the points
in the disputed territory. This Is the
proposition that I have to submit to the
Canadian Government. I have every
confidence that our request will be
granted." ___^^__^_^^_
HILL HELD FOR THE
MURDER OF PARVIN.
Returns to Ventura's Prison to
Await Trial, Bail Having
Been Denied Him.
VENTURA, Feb. 15.— Robert Lee Hill
appeared before Justice Bollng this after
noon for preliminary examination upon
the charge of having murdered Theodore
R. Parvin on the Los Posas last Wednes
day by striking him with a scantling.
The courtroom was crowded to suffoca
tion. There were many persons from in
terior sections of ■ the county present.
Several witnesses testified. The Judge
held the defendant without bail to an
swer to the charge of having murdered
Parvin.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.-The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
To be Receiver of Public Moneys — J. H.
Bauman of Holbrook, Ariz., at Tucson,
Ariz.
To be Register of the Land Office— J.
W. Johnson at Lincoln, Nebr. ; G. W.
Stewart at Vlsalla, Ca!., and A. H. Boles
at Perry, Okla.
To be Attorney— R. E. Morrison, Terri
tory of Arizona.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
1 . MILLS,
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718-722 MARKET STREET,
Headquarters for
KLONDIKE
WOOLEN OUTFITS.
Prices and estimates cheerfully given.
SAYS COLLINS
WAS KILLED
B Y A WOMAN
"Indian Pete" Garcia
Tells of the
Murder.
Accuses the Person Who
Has Passed as His
Wife.
i
Declares That She Slew and
Robbed the Aged Car
penter.
SAVING HIS OWN NECK.
Admits That He Helped to Dispose of
the Body and Spend the Vic
tim's Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— "Indian
Pete" Garcia, the alleged murderer of
Charles Collins, near Santa Monica, has
made a confession in which he asserts
that the woman who has passed as
his wife killed Collins. The confession
was made by Garcia at the County Jail
to-day, in the presence of Sheriff Burr
and Chief Jailer Kennedy.
The story Garcia tells is plausible,
but it must be remembered that if
Garcia can establish its truth it saves
his worthless neck. Ever since Garcia's
arrest an effort has been made to pre
vail upon him to tell the story of the
crime, but until to-day his lips have
been sealed. He has now unbosomed
himself and insists that the woman
who calls herself Mrs. Garcia commit
ted the deed.
Garcia claims that last Friday night
Collins came to the shack where Garcia
was living with the woman and that
all three proceeded to get drunk. They
drank a gallon of red wine and were
soon reduced to a state of lunacy. They
sang and caroused for some time, and
finally old man Collins, in his drunken
way, began to make love to the woman,
who was the most intoxicated one of
the three. Garcia did not object, and
the woman and Collins had a long con
versation. In the meantime Garcia
improved the shining Ijours by con
suming more than his share of the red
wine.
At length the woman and Collins told
Garcia they intended to go away and
remain for the evening. Garcia claims
that they departed and that in a short
time the woman came back alone, with
an ax upon her shoulder, remarking
that she had "done the old man up."
Garcia says the woman then took the
ax and washed the blood and hair
from the steel. After she had done
this she passed him a gold piece, say
ing:
"Here is twenty for you."
At the same time she rattled some
more money in her pocket, saying:
"The old man had a lot."
Garcia admits that he then went
with the woman to Collins' body with
the Intention of burying it. It lay In
a great pool of blood on the sand
dunes. The corpse was badly multi
lated, and in trying to arrange it so
that he could cover it with sand Gar
cia says that he got spattered with
blood. The burying of the corpse of
the murdered man proved to be too
difficult, so they finally returned to
their shack and left it lying on the
sands, where it was found the next
day.
Garcia was arrested while spending
the dead man's money. The woman
was present while Garcia was relating
this tale to the officers, and, consider
ing the nature of the revelations that
were being unfolded, she took re
markably little interest In it. When
"Indian Pete," as Garcia is known, had
concluded his story she arose from
her chair and said:
"It Is all a lie. Pete and Collins and j
me were all together that night drink- |
ing. Collins went away and Pete and i
me went to bed. That's all there is Ur !
it. I don't know who killed the old [
man. I didn't."
All efforts to prevail upon the
woman to confess availed nothing. She
refused to accuse Garcia of the crime
and as resolutely denied knowing any- |
thing about it herself. In several par- i
ticulars she denied the story of Garcia.
She said that they had other drink
besides the gallon of red wine.
The officers are inclined to believe
that the confession of Garcia is the
truth. Sheriff Burr is of the opinion
that the woman committed the actual
crime, but that Garcia assisted her in
planning It and In carrying the plan
into execution.
Rural Mail Delivery.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.— Congressman Loud
has written to Major W. S. Hawley of
this city, stating: that the free rural mall
delivery authorized for the "West Side
section, will go into effect on March 1.
The postoffice at Gubserville will be dis
continued.
TRIED TO
SHUT OUT
TILLMAN
For Some Time the
South CaFolinan
Waited.
Finally Recognized, the
Senator Spoke Against
Annexation.
The Hawaiian Islands Not of
Strategic Importance to
This Country.
TELLING POINT SCORED.
In Case of War Japan Could Take
Coal for Vessels Over in
Tenders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 15.
The executive session of the Senate
to-day was enlivened by a vigorous ef
fort of Senator Tillman of South Caro
| lina to secure recognition to make a
I point against the contention that the
Hawaiian Islands were of strategic
importance to the United States. Sen
ator Gallinger occupied the chair, and
I other Senators were seeking to make
l reports upon nominations, several com
! ing in after Tillman had risen. His
voice was drowned by theirs, and it
! began to look as if the Senate might
j adjourn without his being heard. Ap
parently realizing the situation the
South Carolina Senator took his posi
tion in the middle aisle, directly in
front of the chair, and demanded to be
heard.
"I have stood here on my feet while
eight or ten men have been recog
nized," said Senator Tillman, "and I
want to know if I am to be heard."
"If the Senator would speak a little
louder." said Senator Hoar, facetiously,
"he might be."
At this point Senator Gallinger, who
occupied the chair, rapped for order.
He then explained that the failure to
recognize Tillman was due entirely to
an inadvertence and to the fact that
his attention had been directed in an
other way. To this Tillman replied that
this explanation was entirely satisfac
tory, and he then proceeded to make
his point, which was that the strategic
importance of the Hawaiian Islands
was overrated. He argued that in case
of war between Japan and the United
States Japan could bring coal for her
warships over in tenders and thus ren
der herself entirely independent of the
islands.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
sor of other jewels that are priceless. A
womanly woman knows this and would sac-
rifice all the diamonds of all the nations for
the clinging, confiding touch of baby hands.
Thousands of women lead childless, love-
less lives because of ill-health. They do not
understand the duties that they owe to them-
selves. They neglect the most delicate and
important parts of woman's organism. They
suffer untold agonies from weakness and dis-
ease of the organs that make motherhood
possible, and never know the thrilling touch
of baby fingers. They imagine their cases
hopeless.
In this they are mistaken. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is a sure, safe, swift
cure for all weakness and disease of the or-
gans distinctly feminine. It acts directly
and only on these organs. It prepares a
woman for motherhood. It allays all dis-
comfort during the expectant period. It
insures the baby's health and makes its
coming easy and almost painless. More
than 90,000 women have testified in writing
to its value. All good druggists sell it.
Mrs. Rebecca Gardner, of Grafton, York Co.,
Va., writes: "I was so sick with dyspepsia that I
could not cat anything for over four months. I
had to starve myself, as nothing would stay on my
stomach. I tried almost everything that people
would tell me about, and nothing did me any
good. I weighed only 80 pounds. I took two bot-
tles of the ' Golden Medical Discovery ' and,
thank God, and your medicine, I am as well as I
ever was, and now weigh 125 pounds.- I hare a
bottle of your ' Favorite Prescription ' now, and
that is a wondef'il medicine for female weakness.
Praise God thai he created such a man as yon."
Business is business. No time for head-
•ches. Constipation causes them. Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure them by cur-
ing- the cause. One little "Pellet" is a
ffentle laxative, and two a mild cathartic.
DR.MCNULTY.
. ri'Hli? "WErJi-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE Or.I»
■X SpefiallfitcurejPrlvate,Nervoas,BloodandSkin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restorer!. Over
20 years' experience.* Send for Book, free, i'utlenta '
curedat Home.;. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
" daily;6:So toS.TOcVsts. Sundays, 10 to 1-. Consultu-
' lion free and sacredly confldentlaA. • Cail or address
P. ROSCOE JIrSVLTT, M. ».,
2G'. Ucariir Str<-ol Nan Fr»n«i>eo- «*ol
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
.Is a powerful i r phroaisiac ' and • specific ' tonic
: {or the : Hexual and ■ urinary - organs :of botit
sexes, and a great remedy 1 for diseases of the
kidneys '■■■■ and i bladder. ■. A great Restorative, ..
Invlgorator and s Nervine. .' - Sells on , Its ■ owa
Merits; ■no long-winded testimonials necessary.
--• ■-.» NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
ta Market , Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.).
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£* Q O MARKET ■ '.) ST.. OPP. PAL.AC 3 ;
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Resldenoe Mt
Valencia street.' Telephone. "Church" I*. •'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
• modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
' CO. :! European plan. Rooms 50c to : ; $1 SOday,
'|5 to '18 week. $S to month. Free baths;
hot and cold i water every room; ' fire grates .la :
every . room; elevator runs all night. '-.. ; • 
■ >!^dewey;strong e£o*!S%~
-patents! ;)
patents: ;)
>S/330 MARKET Sr.SJ.>Sl3^
34
ESIERHAZY'S
SLURS ON THE
FRENCH ARMY
Wrote That General
Saussier Was a
Clown.
And That Prussians Could
Defeat His Soldiers
With Whips.
Testimony of an Expert Causes
a Sensation at the Trial
of Zola.
CELEBRATED BORDERAU.
!t Is Shown Conclusively That the
Note Wa6 Written by the Re
tired Count-Major.
PARIS, Feb. 15.— M. Millevoye
speaking to-night at a patriot
meeting at Suresnes claimed to
know that the secret document
upon which Dreyfus was con
demned read thus:
"Let them ask that canaille
Dreyfus what he has prom
ised us. GUILLAUME."
M. Millevoye added: "It is
evident that war might follow
the publication of such a docu
ment."
PARIS, Feb. 13.— The arrival of M.
Zola. It Perrieux and others at the j
Assizes Court of the Seine to-day was j
not marked by any incident. The i
crowd present Avas not so large as that
of yesterday. Opinions as to the issue
of the trial differ very greatly. While
some people are already discussing the
extent of the sentences others regard ■
the acquittal of the defendants as cer- I
tain, as it is evident the court is be
coming more favorably disposed
toward M. Zola.
The presiding Judge to-day dis
allowed the request of counsel for M.
Zola that the experts heard at the Es
terhazy court martial should be called
to testify.
M. Clemenceau, counsel for the Au
rore, read letters from Mme. de Bou
lancey, admitting the possession of let- ;
ters which Major Esterhazy wrote her '
between ISBI and 1894, and containing
serious animadversions on France and
the French army.
M. Clemenceau urged the court to ap
point a magistrate to ask Mme. de
I'.oulancey if among the letters there
was not one containing the expres
sions: Firstly, General Saussier (then
the commander-in-chief of the French
army and military governor of Paris)
is a clown. In our country the Ger
mans would not show him in a circus.
( t'proar in court.) Secondly, If the
Prussians got as far as Lyons they
might throw away their guns and keep
only their riding whips to drive the
French in front of them (fiolonged
sensation.)
Three amateur experts in handwrit
ing testified that the fac-simile was an
exact reproduction of Major Ester
hazy's handwriting, a statement which
caused a further sensation in court.
M. Felix Frank, a lawyer of Brussels,
testified that in order to demonstrate
his evidence it would be necessary to
have a blackboard and that it would
require an hour to demonstrate his
theory.
Amid an uproar in court the session
was suspended while a blackboard was
procured and placed on an easel, after
which M. Frank traced on the black
board a fac-simile of the bordereau and
of Major Esterhazy's handwriting, and
commenced his demonstration.
M. Frank made some long technical
demonstrations and said: "The ma
jority of the experts started on the
false idea that the writer of the bor
dereau had disguised his handwriting.
The bordereau, however, was written
naturally and in a running hand which
is identical with that of Major Ester
hazy. The latter (Major Esterhazy),"
continued the witness, "had recognized
the bordereau as being his own hand
writing, but had declared it had been
trflced by a forger."
M. Frank proceeded to technically
demonstrate the improbabiliay of this
explanation, showing how recurring
words presented certain divergencies.
The lengthy demonstration of the
witness caused some impatience among
the public in court culminating in open
murmurs wh^n M. Frank affirmed that
the bordereau was written by one per
eon alone and added that this person
was Major Esterhazy.
Annoyed at the murmurs. M. Frank
turned and cried: "I intended to end
here; but since I atn interrupted I will
continue."
The presiding judge here remarked:
"I will ask you to use different lan
guage than that which is discourte
ous.*
M. Lrftborie thereupon intervened,
asking the presiding judge to order si
lence in the court, pointing out that
ihe lawyers were following the evi
dence with the closest attention.
"I am convinced," M. Frank resumed,
"that the writer of the Bordereau has a
Gorman mind." The witness con
cluded by predicting that some day it
would be recognized that the bordereau
was not written by Dreyfus, which re
mark was greeted with murmurs.
The blackboard was then removed
and Professor Grlmand of the Poly
technic school deposed that he signed
the protests against the conduct of the
Drejrfßfl affair because he was con
vinced that respect for the law, honor
and the fatherland was involved. The
whole procedure struck this witness as
being extraordinary. He added: "In
spite of the disguised threats and acts
■of intimidation of which I have been
the victim, I here affirm that a revi
sion of the case is a crying necessity,
and I intend to do my utmost to ob
tain it."
The witness concluded with assert
ing his rights as a patriot and his love
for the army, which brought forth
hearty applause.
Professor Havert of the College of
France said he examined, as an expert,
the bordereau and the letters of Major
TSsterhazy and Dreyfus, as well as a
letter written by Dreyfus since his con
demnation. The latter, the witness con
tinued, was devoid of resemblance to
the bordereau, of which he was con
vinced Major Esterhazy was the au
thor.
The court was then adjourned. The
"i-owd made no demonstrations.
WATCHER AT A SICK
MAN'S BEDSIDE HELD
UP BY A BURGLAR
Masked and Armed Robber Enters and Loots
the Dwelling of a Dying Mer
chant at Shasta.
REDDING, Feb. 15.— A burglar effected an entrance to the residence
of Mrs. George Knox at Shasta at an early hour this morning. Mrs.
Knox wns a%vakened by unueual noises and called to her aon Jo, who
was asleep In another room. The intruder was heard to beat a hasty
retreat.
The burglar next visited the house of Mrs. Melsin. He made a bun
gling attempt to get In, but was frightened away by the screams of
the woman.
At the residence of William McKeag the burglar effected an en
trance. McKeag, a prominent merchant and a pioneer citizen, was
sick abed and not expected to live. William Murray, a well-known
citizen, was watching at the bedside. Tfce burglar, his features hid
den by a mask, boldly entered the room and at the point of a pistol
relieved Murray of what money he had on his person. He then made
a thorough search of the house for valuables and made his es
cape by way of the back door.
The burglar was evidently not satisfied with the result of his night's
work, for he broke into the dwelling occupied by Mrs. Lltsch, notwith
standing the fact that a daughter was sick and a light was kept
burning all night on that account. The burglar ransacked the house.
C. J. Litsch, a son and prominent storekeeper, was awakened and the
intruder was frightened away, escaping by a rear door and passing out
through the yard. The identity of the robber is not known.
SEEKING VOTES
OF THE PEOPLE
Addresses on Behalf of
the Populists, Bryan
ites and Silverites.
An Endeavor to Unite the Dis
gruntled Parties for Fu
ture Elections.
As Usual tho Manifestos Consist
Chiefly in Abuse of the Present
Administration.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 15.
The addresses on behalf of the Dem
ocratic, Popultet and Silver Republi
can parties, which are the result of
the conferences which have been in j
progress among the leaders of these j
parties at the capitol for the past few j
weeks, were issued to-day. They seek j
to unite the members of the three par- |
ties In future elections upon the finan
cial issue as the question erf paramount
importance and are separate appeals
to each of the parties to consolidate all
along the lines for this purpose.
The address to Democrats is signed
by Senator James K. Jones, chairman
of the Democratic National Commit
tee, and is endorsed by the Democratic
Congressional committee; that to the
Populists by Senator Marion Butler,
chairman of the Populist National
Committtee, and the twenty-five other
Populist members of the Senate and
i House, and that of the Silver Republi
; cans by Chairman Charles Towne and
; the Silver Republicans in the Senate
and House and also by ex-Senator
Dubols. . .
The Democratic address Is a fair
sample of the style of the others. It
: says in part:
The surrender of the Republican party
1 to the advocates of the gold standard and
! monopoly is at last complete. The pres
ent Administration, called to power on
the solemn pledge of the Republican na
tional convention at St. Louis to promote
bimetallism, has formulated and sent to
Congress a bill, the leading purpose of
which the honorable Secretary of the
! Treasury avows, is to commit the country
more thoroughly to the gold standard.
! The country has already, for twenty-four
years been so thoroughly committed to
! this standard, partly by law and partly
by the usurpations of the executive
branch of the government, that its ef
fects are seen and felt on every nana;
wages are reduced; work is harder to get;
the weight of debt is doubled; the value
i of land and other property Is reduced one
! half or more, until the lives of the people
are "made bitter with hard bondage.' It
! is certainly not in the Interest of human
ity to have this condition of things more
thoroughly established.
The continued rise in value of gold, or,
which is the same thing, the continued
fnll in prices, must inevitably transfer
the property of all those engaged in ac
tive business, the actual creators of
wealth, whether by hand, brain or capital,
to those who, avoiding tho risk and effort
i of active business, only draw interest.
COURT HAS NO POWER
TO ADMIT CHINESE.
Mongolians May Not Appeal From
the Decisions of Customs
Officers.
TACOMA, Feb. 15.— Judge Hanford In
the United States Court to-day rendered
an important decision bearing upon the
admission into this country of the wives
and children of Chinese merchants, as
follQWs:
"In view of the statutes enacted by
Congress and of the decisions of the Su
preme Court, I consider that power to de
cide the question as to the right of any
alien to enter the United States is con
ferred upon administrative officers; that
an alien whoso right to come in has been
denied by an inspector of immigration or
customs officer is not entitled to appeal to
the courts from such adverse decision,
and the courts have no ltcivful authority
to review the decision in a proceeding
upon a writ of habeas corpus, or in any
other way."
The caso under consideration was that
of Lee Yce Sing, the 15-year-old son of a
wealthy merchant of Lewiston, Idaho,
who arrived without a consular certificate
and in wlvse behalf a writ of habeas cor
pus was asked.
GEOKGE HECTOR RECAPTURED.
Escaped Prisoner From Los Angeles
Taken Near Madera.
FRESNO. Feb. 15.— Constable Green of
Madera brought to the County Jail yes
terday afternoon George Hector, who
escaped at Selma, this county, some time
ago as he was being taken to the State
prison by a Los Angeles officer to serve
a sentence of five years for burglary. The
officer did not have him Ironed, and the
prisoner quietly slipped away from him.
He was not missed by the officer, who
appeared to be half asleep, for some time.
He succeeded in eluding pursuit for the
time being.
Hector was working in the mountains
near Madera when his identity was dis
covered, and he was placed under arrest.
Landaus, wagonettes, trapg and drags
Of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk »tre«t. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
IMPROVEMENT
OF HARBORS
Hilborn Hopeful of Se
curing the Necessary-
Appropriations.
There Is Promise That Oakland
and This City Will Not
Be Neglected.
Probability of the Construction of
Two Needed Drydocks and
Another Battle-Ship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 15.
Congressman Hiiborn is hopeful that
the sundry civil appropriation bill
will carry a large appropriation for the
improvement of Oakland harbor. He
said to The Call correspondent to
night:
"The limit of cost recommended by
the War Department engineers approx
imated $700,000, and I am pretty sure
the sundry civil bill will appropriate
one-fourth of this amount to be ex
pended during the next year. This will
be good news for our people. As far as
the tidal canal is concerned, I do not
know what the committee will recom
mend, but am hopeful that this pro
ject will be provided for. I am prom
ised by a member of the committee that
he will look after this matter, and am
hopeful that it will be included in the
bill.
"I do not know whether an appropri
ation will be made for clearing San
Francisco harbor of obstructions. I do
not see how an appropriation for blow
ing out these rocks could be put into
the sundry civil bill, which only car
ries appropriations for contracts al
ready entered into, but if a river and
harbor bill is passed^ it will undoubted
ly carry an appropriation for removing
these rocks as the engineers have sub
mitted estimates of cost. I am doubt
ful whether any river and harbor bill
will be passed at this session, as Speak
er Reed is economically inclined, but
you may assure the San Francisco peo
ple that if the river and harbor bill
is passed Congressman Loud will see
to it that an appropriation is included
for removing the obstructions In San
Francisco harbor."
Concerning the naval appropriation
bill, Congressman Hilborn said: "I
think that at least two new dry docks
will be provided for, one at Boston and
another at Mare Island, and it may be
a third one will have to be included for
Algiers, Louisiana, in order to get the
Southern vote. These docks, if con
structed, will cost about one million
and a half each. It is by no means
settled that the docks will be con
structed, as Speaker Heed and other
leaders of the House are anxious to
save all the money they can, but we
are hopeful that at least two docks will
be constructed, one on the Atlantic and
the other on the Pacific Coast. I be
lieve there is a strong probability that
another battleship will be provided for,
and that it will be built on the Pacific
Coast. If so,' it will be constructed on
the lines of the Wisconsin. "
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Money Needed to Make Repairs to
the San Francisco Mint
Building.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10.-The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day transmitted
to Congress a letter from the supervis
ing architect of the treasury, asking for
i an appropriation of $45,000 for repairs of
the United States Mint at San Fran
cisco. The building was completed in
1867 and h;is cost the Government up to
September. 1897, J2.140.310, and out of this
amount only $9789 has been expended for
repairs.
The House Committee on Public Lands
to-day had a hearing on the Yosemite
free road bill, introduced by Congress
man de Vries. Dr. McLean and De
Vrirs urged its passage. The bill was
made a special order for next Friday
and a vote will then be taken. De Vries
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that every indication pointed to a unan
| iinous report of the committee.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
I California— Original: Lyman Bridge, San
Leandro, $6; Hezekiah Dukes, Lower
Lake, $8; Elizabeth J. Lane, Garrett
I (nurse), Ventura, $12; George McCook,
I Adams, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $3;
Joseph W. Longfellow, Pasadena, $12.
Original widows, etc: Mary Ann Rich
ardson. Sacramento, $S. Mexican War
widows'— Louisa Barber, West Berkeley
I $8.
Washington— lncrease: Daniel S. Baker
Trafton. $6 to $S.
Isaac T. Chambers, hospital corps, now
at Angel Island, Cal., will be discharged
from the service of the United States.
Representative Barlow to-day intro
j duced a bill to pension at the rate of
; $50 per month Mary O. H. Stoneman,
j widow of the late Governor George W.
! Stoneman, dating from April, 1894.
Castle introduced a bill authorizing the
j Secretary of War to make surveys for
wagon roads in Sequoia National Park,
California. Senator White to-day pre
sented to the Senate thirty petitions of
j citizens of Southern California protest
ing against the sale of liquors in public
j buildings.
SELECTING
HONEST MEN
FOR OFFICE
Strong Ticket to Be
Nominated at San
Jose.
New Charter Club Can
vassing for the Best
Material.
Large List of Candidates From
Which It Is to
Choose.
IS ASSURED OF VICTORY.
Controls a Majority of the Vote 3 to Be
Cast in the Municipal
Election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.— An at
tempt -was made to hold a spe
cial meeting of the Grand Jury
to-day for the purpose of taking
up the Scully-Krieg-Dittus brib
ery charges, but the proper at
tendance could not be secured.
The next regular meeting of the
inquisitorial body will not be
held until next Tuesday.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.— There was an
important meeting of the members
comprising the nominating committee
of the Charter Club to-night. The first
work performed was the organization
of the committee. Judge J. R. Lewis
was elected chairman and George A.
Muirson secretary. Delegations from
several other co-operating good gov
ernment organizations were received
and an informal conference on the mat
ter of candidates was held.
Among other business transacted the
names of candidates for various officers
were submitted for the consideration of
the nominating committee. These will
receive attention between now and the
24th, when the committee will make its
report to the body of the club for ap
proval. The list of candidates that are
to be considered for the various offices
is as follows:
For Mayor— C. M. Wooster, S. E. Smith,
A. K. Whltton. J. P. Jarman.
Treasurer — J. F. Colombat, William
Fischer.
City Clerk— J. I. Southerner, Thomas
Bodley.
Councilman, First Ward— G. Pelrano, M.
Kenney.
Councilman, Second Ward— W. E. Jack
son, Adam Riehl, M. D. Green, G. A.
Muirson.
Councilman, Third Ward— H. J. Ball, M.
O'Brien, S. 11. Wagner, F. K. Ledyard, T.
J. Riley.
Councilman, Fourth Ward— C. H. James,
Gustave Nelson.
Councilman at large— J. P. Jarman (if
not nominated for Mayor), F. C. Ensign.
Members of the Appointing Board of
fourteen— Joseph R. Patton, A. S. Kltt
rcdge, D. J. Porter, T. A. Carroll, A. B.
Hunter, D. M. Burnett, D. C. Vestal, G.
W. Alexander. J. E. Auzerais, S. G. Tomp
kins, B. F. Brown, C. W. Fisher, W. E.
Crossman, W. B. Hardy, C. H. Allen, A.
T. Hermann, Orlo Phelps, G. M. Bowman,
G. W. Peekham, T. Ellard Beans. C. L.
Witten, A. Ady, P. E. Brockha»«, T.
Brower, J. F. Dwyer, J. R. Lewis, J. R
Ryland, Dr. H. J. B. Wright, E. A. Wil
cox.
Never before has a community
been aroused to such a pitch
of determination and resentment
against corrupt ring methods as
is now the case among the people of
San Jose. This feeling, as already re
lated In these columns, has crystalli«ed
in the organization of the New Char
ter Club. This body is not only the
representative of many of the foremost
residents of San Jose, but it also rep
resents a number of other organiza
tions, whose objects are the inaugura
tion and maintenance of such a regime
in municipal affairs as will make San
Jose's government a boast for the
State and for the nation.
It is claimed that the New Charter
Club, through its own membership and
that of the various bodies which are
working in co-operation with It, will
control not less than 3000 votes. As the
usual vote at a municipal election runs
short of 5000, the good government
movement is thus virtually assured of
victory in the April election.
It is the express purpose of the lead
ers in this matter to make the victory
so overwhelming, however, that the
gang of boodlers and corruptionists will
have absolutely nothing with which to
go into any future campaign. With
all Its candidates defeated, with no
patronage at its disposal, with no fa
vors to confer and with no power to
work out its revenges, the gang will
be deserted by the parasitical follow
ers that make up its strength, and the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BYOU MAY FEEL SURE
, - *
Ml^^^^r- V^tJß I. if this signature: —
vt^i^x^^BiHß son the a^^ n ue « *^ at y° n aye
fi^^ I^l J the geiitune sort, of perfect purity and
. Cook Book a«>t Cm. Addma Lieb!«
members of the ring will be shunned
as were the lepers of old. Its power
will be effectively broken and forever
gone. The prestige of victory, abso
lute and complete, will be carried by
the representatives of the good-gov
ernment movement into the fall cam
paign, with the probable result that
the boss element will then be as
thoroughly eliminated from county
politics as It now promises to be from
city affairs.
There is no question as to the Intense
desire of the people at large to secure
an entirely new personnel in the offices
of the various city departments, but
two dangers still menace the success
that is now within the grasp of the bet
ter element. Individual ambitions may
create dissensions within the ranks of
the reformers, and the gang may by
the cunning and insidious methods
characteristic of the corrupt politician
befuddle and delude the voters so as to
split the strength of the good citizens
and taxpayers, and thus permit the
gang to elect one or more of its can
didates.
Every effort will of course be made by
the gangsters to stir up strife in the
meetings and during the discussions
held by the members of the New Char
ter Club. This will be attempted by
playing on the personal ambitions and
personal prejudices of the members.
The officers and members will have to
guard against this, and eternal vigil
ance and self-restraint will be the price
of harmony and success. Against the
other danger, that of having the good
government vote scattered, all those who
really have the welfare of the city at
heart can and will guard. There must
be no alleged good government can
didates in the field other than those
nominated by the New Charter Club.
All who run independently or on any
other ticket than that of the New Char
ter Club should be treated as members
or tools of the gang.
No pains will be spared by the nomi
nating committee of the club to place
before the people for their suffrages
only Bueh men as have proved their
worth and ability to fill the positions
for which they may be named. Their
work will be governed by the principle,
so frequently and highly lauded but
nevertheless persistently ignored, that
the office should seek the man.
As the matter now stands the nom
inating committee is to have the entire
city ticket ready to submit to the club
by the 24th inst. The club will prob
ably lose little time In approving the
work of its committee, and the ticket
will then be made public.
The question has been frequently
asked why the New Charter Club does
not bring a suit to oust the Council
and Mayor, instead of bringing man
damus and injunction proceedings
against them. More than one act has
been committed by them that would
make the foundation for such a suit.
It is argued that one proceeding to oust
will do the whole business, and prevent
a multiplicity of suits.
This question was answered to-day
by Judge J. R. Lewis, the chairman of
the legal committee, which has charge
of all prosecutions and legal proceed
ings on behalf of the club. Judge Lewi3
was formerly a resident of Seattle, at
a time when the people of that city
had to cope with not only a corrupt
municipal legislative body, but with a
harbor commission that was composed
of a parcel of boodlers, and has had
practical experience in these matters.
He occupied the bench for about eight
years In the State of Washington, but
has now retired from practice, having
come to reside in San Jose to enjoy life
for the rest of his years.
"I don't think anything can be
gained," he said, "by proceedings to
oust the members of the Common
Council. They would prove to be too
long winded and would amount to noth
ing, as the defendants would In all
probability take an appeal, should the
Superior Court decide against them,
just as did the Board of Supervisors
of San Francisco. The old gang
will not let go while there is any
plunder in sight. It will stay in as
long as possible. These proceedings in
the way of mandamus and injunction
will accomplish more effectively and
promptly the object we seek— to put a
stop to the looting of the city treasury.
"My idea is that these writs of man
damus and injunction are ample to
meet the situation without resorting to
proceedings to oust. If the latter were
brought they would be able to protract
them until after their terms expired,
and so nothing would in reality be ac
complished. Our plan is to bring one
or the other of these writs that have
already been invoked, and thus keep
the Council in check."
Councilman Nolting is tired of his
position as Councilman to the point of
being willing to resign. He so ex
pressed himself. He remarked that if
the other members and Mayor Koch
would agree to follow his example he
would at once vacate his office.
VICIOUSLY ATTACKED BY
AN ANGRY HUSBAND.
Case of Mistaken Identity Disastrous
to a Pasadena Young
Couple.
PASADENA, Feb. 15.— Barton H. Orr
and Miss Annie Basore were walking
north on Lincoln avenue, about in front
of the Lincoln achool, when a man came
up from behind. Baying:
"I'll learn you to be running with my
wife."
He instantly struck Orr senseless with
a club, and then attacked the girl, who
threw up her hand and received a severe
skull blow and had two finger bones brok
en. She ran half senseless Into a near-by
yard and wandered aimlessly about. A
passing cyclist found Orr and notified the
police. In the meantime Orr recovered
consciousness and took the girl home.
It is presumed that the unknown assail
ant mistook the woman for his wife and
Orr for her lover. Both Orr and Mies Ba
sore Will recover.
FATAL RIOTS
IN HUNGARY
Alarming Spread of the
Agrarian Socialist
Movement,
Peasants in Open Revolt and
Are Battling "With the
Gendarmes.
Many Have Been Killed During
Encounters, Includitifl a. Magis
trate at Kiistarkany.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Feb. 15.— The Agrarian So
cialist movement in Hungary is becom
ing most serious. At Kiistarkany, in
the Kaschau district, a thousand peas
ants are in open revolt. They have
murdered the local magistrate and are
holding the village against the troops
sent to restore order.
At Agrade in the same district in a
desperate fight between the gendarmes
and the peasants four were killed and
twenty wounded.
At Karasse the socialists tried to lib
erate their imprisoned comrades, and
the gendarmes were obliged to prevent
an onset with leveled bayonets. A wo
man tried to wrest his rifle from a gen
darme and the latter stabbed her in
the breast. She fell dead.
There have been many arrppts and
much disorder in other districts. At
Szathmar a riotor has been killed. The
sale of gunpowder has been prohibited
In the disturbed localities and nobody is
allowed out of doors after 7 o'clock in
the evening: without a special permit.
There is talk of proclaiming a siege.
Miss Willard Improved.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— T0-night it was
said the condition of Miss Willard was
much improved. She spent a restful day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you are ill you need a
doctor in whom you have
confidence.
If you need remedy you
want one that has been tested
I for years; not an obscure, un-
tried thing that is urged upon
you, or on which you save a
few cents — that is no consid-
eration as against health.
For wasting in children
or adults, Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil- with Hypo-
phosphites has been the
recognized remedy for twen-
ty-five years. ■ C
I ' ; ;. X 50c. and $1.00, «11 druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.'
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. IJ:3S.
■ 3:30. 6:10, 6:30 " p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
. and 11:30 p. m. ...
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. s»«*ie«saa»
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '.».'
WEEK - DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a..m.: 1:40, 1:40.
5:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
"*"" Leave Ttl „«>-,,» Arrive
San Francisco. o^t 21. San FranclB
-Week] Sun- De9 t^tion ! Sun-} Wf>e
. . Daya. I ■ day& | Deatmaaon days. i daya._
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. i 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. |9:30 a.m. Petaluma, | 10p.m. : 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. I 7:36 p.m. tf:22p.m.
■ ' Fulton, ■
7:30 a.m. Windsor, . 10:25a,m.
Healdsburg, ; -
• Lytton. -
Geyservllle, |
3:33 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdala . I 7:35 p.m. 6:82 p.m.
• ■ «-; j . | Hopland andi
7:80 a.m. 1 8 00a.m. I Uklah. | 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. ~ ~ j 110:35 a.m.
.- 8:00 a.m. Guerneyllle. 7:Ssp.m. |
8:30 p.m. __. t 6:22 p.m.
7T3oa.m. 11 3 :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7130a.m.|8 j geKaatc-nol. |10:40a.m.)10:25a.m.
B:a)p.mJs:Oop.m.| aepaalcpoL | 7:35p-m | 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonville,
Orr'a Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday rourtd-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San . Rafael :at half rates.
.Ticket Offices— Market street, Chronlcts
building. • ;
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RTAN,
. Pres. and Oen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ,
From ! September 10, 18S7, trains will run aa
follows: " -
~' Southbound. Northbound.
Pasaen- i Mixod ! statlon . Mixed j Passe*
ger Sunday stauons. . Sund:iy ' ger
. Dally. i Exc'p'td ; x ■ \ , Excpul j Dally. ,
7 :30 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. j 5:40 p.m.
D:10 a.m. 12:60 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 8:58 p.m.
10:40: i.in. 3:50 p.m. Frosno i J:ooa.m. 2:'Jop.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford; . :45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. p.m.. Vlsalla ••• 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Slopping at interm po lnts when required
Connections— At Stockton steamboats of
C. • N. • A I. Co., leavins San Francisco ; and ,
Stockton • at 6 p. ' m. daily; at Merced * with
stages to and from Sellings, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage . for ; Hornitos, . Marlposa, - etc:
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From San. i r ranciBco. Commencing September
19, 18!»7.
•WEKK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— '7:2s, •9:30,
11:30 a. m. ; 'IMS, 3:43, •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Ext: a trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, *1000,
•11-30 a. m. ; *1:15, 8:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way atatlons.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry)-
Leave San Francisco, coirnw ncing Novem-
ber 13, 1897:
Week Day*— 9:So a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 631 Market
street, San Francisco.
BACK PAINS P^T]/
BACK PAINS 1^
BACK PAINS
BACK PAINS -
BACK PAINS
BACK PAINS
■^T" BACK PAINS
'-: 'Seek. BACK PAINS
PAINS IN THE BACK OF A MAN
are a sure sign of debility or disease.
When you have pains in the back,
weakness in the back, pains in the side,
pains in the shoulder, weary days,
melancholy nights, night sweats, all-
gone feeling— these are the symptoms
telling the tale of disease, sorrow, debil-
ity, abuse. These symptoms tell the
tale of. nights of dissipation and abuse.
No one can abuse himself with im-
punity. The result is soon to follow, as
night succeeds day. When you find
yourself in this condition, when you
realize that you are in need of a sure
cure, consult the doctors of the largest
institution in the West, the Hudson
Medical Institute, or write for the cir-
culars of Hudyan.
... _ _ . . ...
Hudyan cures Failing Strength, ..
Nervous Debility, Spermatorrhoea
and Diseases and Disabilities of Mane ,
CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICaTiNSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson t Doctors Free.
; Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free,
Consult the Hudson Doctors Frea
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
BOCTIIKRN I'KIIK COMPANY.
' • (i-Ac-iric bVKTSM.)
Train* lonrv imil are tluv to nrrlv* at
NAN ritANCMKMk
■ • ' ■ (Main Ltne, Foot jrf Market Stre«l) ' '
vkatk •? — Fbom JATTUAItT 1, 1868. — AMLTV»
"•6:00A~NileB, B*n Joso ami Way Sta*lon»... •Bi43a
7:00 a Henicia. Suisun nnd Hacrtmiento 10:43 a
7:OOa Marjsvillc, Orovilloaud lieddins y!»
•Woodland 51455 145
7:o*a Vacaville nnd P.urcsey »:4ap
7:30 a. Martinez, SjauUamon.Vallejo, Napa,
• ■'"- Caliitoga and Ranta Rosa.. oil3r
8?OOa Atlautic Exyress, ogtlen and iJart.. Bt*nr
»<:joa Nilc«, ' San .low. .Stockton, lone,
■ SocrkcncDto, Mnrysviilo, - Chioo.
TehamaandHe.l 1J1nft. ........... «iI»P ■
•S:3oa Peters, Milton nml Oakdale "7ll»F
O:«Oa Nor- Orloann i;«iuuci. Mcroed, Ray. -
mond, I'reano, Dakersliul<l, Santa
:V: V ■ " lJiirl<ara,'lios Angelcß, DemiiiK, ■ . ;
Rl I'mo, New Orleans «nd Kast. •i4.lr
9:00 a ValU-jo, Martinez, Merced and „•'
Fre5n0...;........................ I»:l»r v ,
•IsOOp Sacramento Hirer Stoaineni MMOOsI, «j
l:«Op Niks. S«n Joeo Way Stations., \9ilff'
l:3«p MarMcez and Way Btatioua 7:43 lv
B:tfOp LiTennoro, Mtudota, Uanford and I
■';::. , Vlsalia.. 4'l»V
LiTerniore, San J os?, Nilos and Way T
Stations JlOiWil
4:00r Martinet, San lUmoii, Vallejo. - JL
Niijm, « 'iillittogn, Xl VeriMio and Va
Saiitaltoao »iIBA
4iO«»f B^aleia, Vacnvlllc, Woodland,
 KnigLts Lauding, MarjrSTlUe, Oro-
v Tllle anil .Sucrnnieiito * I»t4s*.
4iSOf Nlles, San Joec, Tmcy and Btcckton .. 7il9p
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Pierced, Berciida,
Frosno, Mcjavo (for Randsburg),
Santa Itarbara and !.o«i Aiigclt*.. 7i43a
4i3«r Banta Fo Jtcuto. tlnntio Kxpress
for Alojiiro ami Knst... 6:43y
i;3:3op " Sunset Limited." Los Angelcß, El
Paso, Fort Worth, LHtlo Kock, St. '
Lnuis, Chicago and East {lOslS*.
«Co:3Op " Sunset Limited Annex," £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East |I0:I3a
OiOftrHnropentiMnll, Og<lmi Ka«t.... 8:45 a
■ C::»Or lluj-ivpirdn. NliiHuiid San J05e...... 7:43 a
i8:«M»i- Vallojo t7i4Br
S:O«»i' Oiogon llxpiiTifi, SHi'i:iiuriit(i, Marys-
flilo, KcililiMif, l".»i timi-i. I'tigct
■Soiniilaml i:a3t Bilsa
' SkX LKA.MUJO AM) IIWUAItl)*; LUCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*«tOOA f 7:13
8:OOa Slclrose, S«mln»rj Park, I*9«4»a
iS.'oOa Fltciiburß.Elmhamt, : ii!«*
»II:OOa Sun I/Ciinrirn, Sontli 8a» ' ltt4»F
Jia:OOM Lcandro,K tudillo, f JjJ* J
iiiVoor Lorenio, Cherry k M**o»
4.00P ' »:45p
5:00p • na . I , 6:15f
0:3 Op H3).T»rrts. ?'-*3*
li—t H:l ■■-
* :(> <J P i Kun» through to Nlles. "'
9:00p , ir rom %';i es 1««SOP
ttll:l.-, t tlrom^" e s- [ ia,oo,
i UAM I)IV1nII)> Nhiioiv Oaugc).
_^ (Foot ot Market Street.)
»:13a Ncirurk.Cuntcrvllle.Kitii.lose.Felton,
- Uonldi-r < .'reek. Santa Cruz nnd Way
St.it ii ■••. if: • - - ■ - ... ■ •*••■
*SilSp Newark, CenterTilVe.'Saii '.lose,' New
Alina<lcn, Fcltun. I'.oulilcr Creek, <
Santa Cruz ami l*rlncli>al Way
5tati0n5....:........ ..•!•!••*
4:15r Newark, Him .lone and Los Gatos ... 9:S«a.
tlli4sp Hunters' Excursion. SaD .Toso and
.Way Stations 17***?. '■'
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
PrtmSAK FRiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street .Slip 8)—
•7-15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:03 *2:00 |3:00
•4:00 tB:O0 *6:00r.M.
fr»m OUUKD-Foot of w»> .— '<3:oo 8:00 10.00 -
= tl2:00 . ■♦1:00 t2:00 *3:00 t4:03 *3:QQr.ii.
;•»-.■■ COAST DIVISION (Broad Uangc).
(Third and Tov.nsend Sta.) - t
6iS3a San .lo^o nml Way .Stations (New " ' .
Almadoii We<lne«daya unlj) «i3OA
•:OOa Siui Josn, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm*.
Pacillc Grove, Pa*o Itobles, Bau • '
1 iiils Ol.isnn, Guadalupe, Surf and •"-.■"
. IVincipal Wny Stations J S J!2 P
I»:4Oa Snu .loso «nd Wny SUtloi *g*«2*
• ll«aOA San J,,ie mid Way Stations . .... 8.33 a
•a<B«rSau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Banta Clara, San .l..se Gilroy,
Hollister. Santa Cn«, Salinas,
Mouteiey nml PaciOo HrOYO *IOi4O»
•»:I.lp Snn .Toso and Principal Wny Stalloiu •WiOO*
. «4jl3r> San Jose and Principal Wsy Stations Ot« a
«stoop San Jose and Principal V Station* li3op
5:30p San .Togo and Princl|»*nV»y Stations 8:30r
8c»0r San Jose mid Way Stations... <:2 <»r
111i4.n- San Josem'dWay SUtious.... 7i«op
* A for Monilnp. P for Afternoon. i&MI
•BunnavsoKcc|iteil. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
•tt Monday. Thursday nv.d Saturday nights only.
•ff Mondays and Thursdays. -
_ C Wedneadsys and Saturdays. - _
Hi, umiinß mil CALIFORNIA
KM LIMITED.
iM^i^i SAN FRANCISCO
lnHi.vl!dsHHl to
IJJpffw^ffMgßail CHICAGO.
. ' Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but wlto-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
. ■ Pullman Palace : Drawing-Room Sleepers,
S% days to Chicago, 4& day a to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
g£2 a^d 1 J Pu^rna 3 n° Sou' Ast 'sY/eK C^S "
<a*t time. Direct connection In ChlcßKi »23
Kansas City for all Eastern point» - "
, Trains arrive and depart x from . Market-str««t "
Ferry. v. San Francisco ticket omce, 644 Markit
HBO. . rs.Oakland office, UU ; Broadway. SacnS ;
c»uv» viara eireei. _ . ...... .^ *\t«aKmsZM£:MORE PROOF OF CITY
FRONT CROOKEDNESS
W. D. Conniff Tells How Old
Piles Were Resold to the
Harbor Commissioners.
Hundreds of Timbers Not Up to the Stan=
dard Sizes Disposed Of to the
State.
P. F. Pundon. who is the "Co." of
the lumber firm of Darby Laydon &
Co., was the first witness on the stand
in the case of the Paraffine Paint Co.
against the Board of Harbor Com
missioners when the court opened yes
terday. He had with him the books
of the firm, as well as his smile, which
has attracted so much attention dur
ing the progress of the case.
Before the day was ended the wit- i
ness became seriously foundered with
the former and had to abandon the lat-
Dre the session was over the
se was badly jarred by some of
t!-..- tpstimony given voluntarily and
under pressure.
Several items of no small importance
werp brought out. The first was on
the evidence of William D. Conniff, for
; - an employee of Darby Laydon <t
Co.. which bears out the statement
made in The Call yesterday, that hun- |
dreds of piles smaller than the stan- ■
dard sizes had been used by the Com
missioners in the repairing of the
wharves. The second item was forced
from Pundon when he was compelled
tn tell the c< art why the names "Bat
terson," "Matterson" and "Ratterson"
Inserted in the firm's books in
stead of the name of Patterson, the
superintendent of construction for
the Hi rbor • '"ininission, to whom the
entries referred. In doing so, and much ,
against his will, he was obliged to
state that his partner, Laydon, had
private transactions with Patterson.
While much of the testimony of Dun
don \> given Commissioner Col- I
rK'ii sat, "r rather reclined behind At
■■ Stratton with his bead tipped
bai"-k on his < hair, apparently taking
but little interest in the proceedings.
This was apparent by the many ill
yawns and the half-closed
eyes. When the second witness, Wil
liam D. Conniff. took the stand Com
liflssioner Colnon assumed an upright
petition, and while Conniff was testi
fying the official manifested the keen- i
est interest. This witness stated that '
by occupation he is a raftsman and !
that he lives at 776 Howard street. For
the past seven years he has been in ,
the employ of the Darby Laydon con
cern ancl more recently he has been at
work fof Healy, Tibbets & Co. After
bringing out the fact that Conniff
used to deliver piles from his employer \
to tfie Harbor Commissioners, Attor
hey Cope asked: "What instructions
did you receive from the firm of Dar
by Laydon & Co. relative to the do
livery of piles to the Harbor Commis
sioners."
Attorney Stratton, for the State offi
cers, was on his feet in a second and
fired off a bunch of objections a yard
long. It was very evident from" the
attitude of the plaintiff's attorneys
that they expected to introduce evi
dence substantiating the statement
of The Call that the contractors have
been furnishing- the State with piles
not up to the standard of measure
ment. The attorney for the com
mission evidently intended to shut out
this evidence if possible. The judge
decided to let the testimony in and
Conniff made a long statement in
which he said that for years he had
measured and' delivered to the com
mission piles not up to the require
ments. For instance he and the fore
man of the State pile driver would
measure the timbers and allow for
more than the actual lengths.
"To what extent did such measure
ments exceed the actual lengths of the
piles?" asked Attorney Cope.
"From two to three feet on a pile,"
answered the witness. "I think that
the company knew all about it. for
they seemed to be pretty well satisfied
with the measurements. He (evident
ly referring to Laydon) told me to
measure thf> piles in good shape and
get all that I could out of it. I turned
thr> figures in on regular printed
blanks. My figures were in lead pen
cil." Conniff said that these transac
tions took place within the past three
years.
rv.rmiff testified that some time ago
a lot of old piles were pulled up at
Fisherman's Wharf, and these he took
around to Darby Laydon & Co.'s
yards, or log "boom" at North Beach.
Thf>se old piles were trimmed up. he
said, and sold to the Stato again. This
was done under the direction of Darby
Laydon & Co.. who gave the orders
to have the old piles towed to North
Beach, cleaned and towed back to the
Or e p-i- street wharf, where the State
pile-driver drove them again. Conniff
explained that the old piles were not all
delivered to the State at once, but a
few at a time. In every raft of twenty
flve piles from four to six of the old
ones were worked in.
The attorney next called the atten
tion of the witness to a lot of spruce
piles that some time ago had been sold
to the Commissioners. The witness
explained that spruce timber is of no
account for piles. It is soft and decays
easily, while as a rule it is full of
knots and too slim for wharf uses.
Wharf builders do not like it and do
not use it.
Then arose the matter of the size of
the piles delivered to the Pan Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company's
works for creosoting. and Attorney
Stmtton madp more objections, but to
no purpose, and Conniff stated that the
larger part <>f the piles delivered were
small, averaging from ten to twelve
inches at the butt. On the front they
are called "pipe stems."
The early proceedings were opened
by Witness Dundon producing the
agreement of the San Francisco Tim
ber Preserving Company with Curtis
& Isaacs relative to the use of the pat
ent chemical preparations for the piles.
This was dropped, and the books of the
firm of Darby Laydon & Co. were
taken up, and the evidence of the wit
ness showed that the affairs of that
concern, the Timber Preserving Com
pany and the Slade Lumber Company
were so closely interwoven as to make
their divorce impossible.
In the books there were erasures, er
roneous entries, etc., that only the wit
ness could understand. There was one
item showing a difference of $400 in a
footing, and two others that referred
to the payment of nearly «500 to the
members of the Pile-drivers' Associa
tion, of which Dundon is the treasurer;
but why these latter sums should ap
pear in the hooks of the firm the wit
ness did not attempt to explain, and
protested against doing so on the
ground that the affairs of the P. D. A.
should not be forced from him. Then
came some very pointed questions by
Attorney Cope as to what appeared to
be erasures and changes and for what
purposes certain sums of money were
paid out. Dundon failed to remember
and he was excused until he could re
lresh his memory. Late in the after
noon he was again placed on the stand,
and by the time he got through his ac
customed smile was not visible.
The witness' explanations failed to
explain to the satisfaction of theParaf
fine Company's attorneys, while the
books showed a most strange system
of keeping accounts. Dundon's reason
for the insertion of the names of '"Mat
terson." "Hatterson" and "Ratterson,"
that attracted much interest, seemed
to be of questionable merit. He said
that the former bookkeeper for Darby
Laydon & Co.. Townley by name, got
into business for himself and left the
firm's books in a bad way. Later on.
after Townley failed, he asked for his
former position, and his request was
refused. This angered Townley, who
threatened to expose "that Patterson
matter." It was this that induced
Dundon to have the present bookkeeper
change the entries of Patterson on the
books to the names ending in "atter
son" that have caused so much com
ment.
Dundon was closely questioned as to
what these dealings between Patterson
and Laydon consisted of, but he re
fused to answer, saying that they were
private matters between these two
men named. The court and the specta
tors were left to surmise what could
be the secret transactions between the
head of the Darby Laydon Company
and the former superintendent of con
f'-uction for the Harbor Commission
erSr
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IC, 1898.
LATEST ADDITION TO THE KLONDIKE FLEET.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's Steamer Valencia Arrived From Baltimore Yesterday. Accommodations for About
500 Passengers Will Be Put in, and as Soon as Those Alterations Shall Have Been Completed She Will Go On
the Copper River-Juneau-Dyea-Skaguay Route.
WILL CARRY
GOLD MINERS
Arrival of the Steel Steam
ship Valencia From
Baltimore.
When the Alterations Are
Made She Will Go on the
Dyea-Skaguay Run.
The Morgan City, Now Due, Had 168
Staterooms Put In Before Leav
ing the East.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany's new steamer Valencia arrived
in port from Baltimore yesterday. She
brought out a cargo of coal, which will
be discharged into Rosenfeld's bunkers.
after which she will be fitted out as a
passenger boat for the Dyea-Skaguay
route.
The Valencia came out in command
of Captain James Lord, making the
passage in 55V 2 days. The run from
the Straits of Magellan was made in
twenty-four days, and Captain Lord
said he could have easily reduced that
time by at least one hundred hours had
it not been for the continual fog which
was met with on the way up the coast.
Before leaving Baltimore Captain Lord
wrote to the owners of the vessel here
that he would arrive in San Francisco
February 15. He kept his promise to
the hour, as at 4 p. m. tho Valencia was
alongside the Mission-street wharf
ready to begin discharging.
The Valencia is a fine steel steamer
of 1197.56 net burden. She was built in
Philadelphia in 1882, is 252.7 feet long,
34 feet broad and 19.7 feet deep. She
has a nominal horse power of 900 and
can make about thirteen knots an hour.
The Valencia is not unlike the Maripo
sa and Alameda, and when fitted out
she will have accommodations for
about 500 passengers. Alterations will
be commenced as soon as her coal is
out, and she will be got ready as quick
ly as possible for the run between San
Francisco, Copper River, Juneau, Dyea
and Skaguay.
The British ships Glenogil and Ben
Lee are going to try conclusions during
the run from here to Cork. The Glen
ogil has a cargo of 79,347 centals of
wheat, valued at $115,938, while the Ben
Lee carries 85,775 centals of wheat,
valued at $121,000. The Glenogil got
away yesterday and the Ben Lee will
leave with this morning's tide. Consid
erable betting has been done on the
race, the Ben Lee being the favorite.
A great number of people bound for
the Klondike via Dyea and Skaguay
are going to send their provisions by
the all-water route. They will take
along with them just enough provisions
to last them until the river opens, and
everything else they will send to St.
Michael for transhipment on the river
steamers. In order to avoid any com
plications with the Canadian customs
authorities the miners are taking their
freight contracts, invoices and receipts
to the British consulate where the mat
ter is looked into and the papers vised
All the owners will have to do, there
fore, is to present these receipts to the
Canadian authorities when the river
boats arrive at Dawson City, and take
possession of their goods.
The steamer Whitelaw was to have
got away for Dyea and Skaguay yes
terday, but owing to the fact that the
alterations were not completed she will
not get away till to-day.
The steamer Morgan City, now due
here from the East, will be ready to
go into the Klondike trade a few days
after her arrival. Before she sailed for
this coast she was built up and 168
staterooms added to her, besides ac
commodations for many more passen
gers in the 'tween decks. The stars,
the emblem of the old Morgan line have
been painted off the smoke stack and
a shield bearing a miner's pick and
shovel, the emblem of the new com
pany, has been placed in their stead.
The British bark Helen Denny made
a long run to San Francisco of seventy
five days from Newcastle, N. S. W.
From the time she left Australia the
old vessel never had a chance, as noth
ing but light and variable winds were
encountered during the passage.
The steamer Australia will not get
away for the sound to-morrow, as at
first expected. The alterations cannot
be completed in time, so she will sail
next Monday at 4 p. m.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 25c.»
HART NORTH INSTALLED.
The Assemblyman From Alameda
Assumes the Duties of Immi
gration Commissioner.
Hart North, Assemblyman from Ala
meda County, and recently appointed
Commissioner of Immigration, took pos
session of the office yesterday afternoon.
He was cordially received by Walter P.
Stradley, the outgoing Commissioner, and
Inspectors Schell and Jeffeney, who
turned over the accounts and effects of
the office x<> him.
Mr. Stradley intends following the prac
tice of the law in this city with an in
cidental excursion into politics. He was
appointed fmir years ago last October.
It is not expected that any change will
be made in the Inspectors, they being un
der civil service.
Assemblyman North made a good re
cord at the last session of the Legisla
ture.
WILL FITZSIMMONS
BREAK HIS WORD?
The Champion Offered Tempt
ing Inducements to Fight
Corbett Again.
His Friends Are Sanguine That the
Cornishman Will Refuse the
Offer.
Jim Corbett, the scientific boxer, and
Bob Fitzsimmons, the champion punch
er, may meet again in the Sagebrush
State, to battle for the veriscope cham
pionship, t
Dan Stuart, "the man of fine hand
and large head," who failed to make a
barrel of money from the pictures
taken of the fight on March 17, last. Is
anxious for another trial, believing that
the improvements recently made in in
stantaneous photography will result in
successful shots of the fighters being
taken, in case they meet again.
Of course, Mr. Stuart, for reasons
best known to himself, does not wish
to figure as one of the interested par
ties now making arrangements for a
second meeting of the pugilists In the
city of Carson.
According to recent developments
Joe Harvey, a well-known turfite of
this city, has been appointed director
general of the proposed battle between
champion Bob and boxer Jim, which
is to take place in July next at some
point west of the Missouri River.
It is said that a purse of $50,000 has
been offered to Corbett and Fitzsim
mons, and that the offer was made by
a syndicate of sporting men represented
by Mr. Harvey. The conditions are
that the fighters can divide the purse
as they please, but so far as a per
centage of the privileges is concerned
they will have no voice in the matter.
The whole thing has all the earmarks
of a big money-making scheme.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
#| Back Ache,
J^\\r Lame Back,
J Railroad Back,
j/ 1 Stitch in Back,
/ : . / Lumbago and
/ ifr fi' / Back Troubles
/ fiffl \\^»!/^Mal ' ARE INSTANTLY RELIEVED BY
y^^Dr,Sanden's Electric Belt.
' •■' Its r soothing. ; warming, invigorating • cui»»nt ' penetrates the : weakened tis- ,
sues, sends the life-blood, bounding tnrough^^iy^vejns, relieves : the pain,
takes -out the soreness, warms, tones and gives sS|B*th. re-inforces nature
and Cures Permanently. .:' ■•.■;* ■■-'.-•■■ ■■■;■■•■;• '^'jw^
• -, ,r • r ,•;.:•-:. . - .■•; .-,-:..- «.;:? ; ■/; • SANTA BARBARA CT^^November 15, 1897. v
' ''DR.iA.-T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: In regard to your Belt. I wouldTlP' it is all you repre-
• sent it to be. I was troubled with pain in my back so-">bad .-;' that I : could: not stand up
straight, ' and I would recommend •it< to any one troubled with a lame . back ■or organic | disa- I
» bility ;as■ I - was. ... It ; has been •a ; wonderful . help 'to me. and I have gained several pounds in I
weight since beginning the ; use of the.Belt.il am very grateful for the benefits that. I have '
: derived from * it. ■ and ■ you may • refer to ■me at any ■ time . that : you ; wish. ; Tours truly, - . -. \
. -v ■'.■•■...• :-..■■'•.- .'■■■': : '-■■' -■'■' ':'[■: "■.":■.''.■ : -: ■ '•; •"■■-- .;.- ; ' W. C. PARKER.
'■'■ '■ If your back is lame or weak, call and test the grand cure. It will ; make
- you well. : Book free. ' ' . t T ■ • ,
-'•■■-^•■"QAliniFN'^ELFflTßTfl : rh r 630 Market St., Opposite 
. OA«l^il« £<lj£<l>lnll> lAJ., „ ; ; Palace Hotel. San Franc&o. r
'• ' " Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. • Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. - \
204 South. Broadway; Portland, > Or.. 253 Washington at; Denver, Col.. 981 -Sixteenth'
•\ v. : at.; Dallas, Main I »tr.:--;..-*-r.v%'-::;.'*v..?--.-' - : . ■■- ■.-..-• ■■ - _ • >
;, *JGTE— Mak« BO aolaUk* In tha number— 63o i MARKET STREET.
BOTH ROBBERS
WORE MASKS
The Detectives Searching
for Two Desperate
Men.
Held Up William Beckman's
Grocery-Store on Bryant
Street.
Emptied the Cash Drawer and Got
Away With a Bottle of
Liquor.
Captain Spillane and his men are
anxious to secure the two robbers who,
at the point of revolvers, held up the
clerk in William Beckman's grocery
store at Sixth and Bryant streets, last
Monday evening, and got away with a
bottle of gin and a small amount of
money. The clerk was conversing with
a customer named Reynolds, when the
men, who wore masks, entered the
store, and drawing their revolvers, or
dered them to throw up their hands
under penalty of being riddled with
bullets. Reynolds was made to turn
his face toward the wall while one of
the robbers searched the cash drawers,
securing about 30 cents. As he walked
from behind the counter he picked up
a bottle of gin, which he passed to the
confederate. After warning the aston
ished clerk not to make an outcry the
desperate robbers then left the store,
and immediately disappeared down
Bryant street. As soon as they were
out of sight the clerk ran outside and
lustily shouted for the police.
Officer O'Connor responded and on
being told of the daring robbery he at
once sent word to Captain Spillane.
The latter detailed several of his men
to hunt for the robbers, but up to a
late hour last night they had not suc
ceeded in obtaining a clew to their
identity. The clerk in the store seri
ously doubts whether he can identify
the men in case they are arrested. He
described one of them as being about
.35 years of age and wore a dark slouch
hat, which was pulled down over his
eyes.
The other, he thinks, -was much
younger. He also wore a slouch hat,
and was shabbily dressed.
The police are inclined to believe
that the robbers are the same men
who entered a grocery store in the
same vicinity several weeks ago, and
after holding up the proprietor and
several patrons purloined the contents
of the cash drawer.
One of the men was arrested, but as
his victims were unable to identify
him he was released.
Moquette Carpet $1 Per Yard.
Brussels carpets, 50c yard; iron beds
$3 90; parlor sets, five pieces, $20; oak bed
room sets, worth $150, $85: dining chairs,
65c; dining tables. $4. These are a few of
the many bargains given during the big
sale at Pattosien Co., 16th and Mission. *
Death of Arthur Q. Fletcher.
News was received in this city of the
death, at Los Angeles, of Arthur G.
Fletcher last Monday. For the past five
years Mr. Fletcher has been the clerk of
the Board of Fish Commissioners, and
was prominently connected with its
work being one of the best posted men
in the State upon its commercial fish
eries He was a young man of excep
tional ability and the strictest integrity,
and his death is a great loss to the com
mission and to a large circle of friends
throughout California. He was a Knight
Templar, and the funeral services will
be conducted by the commandery at Los
Angeles, after which the body will be
sent to his former home in Vermont.
• • : .'^ _._,_._/ ' ADVERTISEMENTS. "
till • Women,
mUf 4JA&fiL And Consider the AlMmpcrtant Fact,
B^ 3fti» \ pP That in addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are con*
■* T fiding your private ills to a woman — a woman
jHwrV^V " y\ whose experieJice in treating woman's
z»<^Bßcr~Tm J'' V ,-C^\S^-% diseases i- s greater than that, of any liv-
/ Yr^Ra\ Ni^S * n ° physician — male or female.
W /) fuii^ 1K) s v w V~— v» You can talk freely, to a woman
VI (t-A^-y 4 y^l I /T^^^Ov Jx^ Jr\. wnen it is revolting to relate your
\.^ /^~\^r jwffti£_ J / /i\'\\ Jr \ P r i yate troubles to a man — besides,
- i'^^»^ ißß^flj^^igs^.^X^x ) a m;in does not understand — simply
WH|KbkL^^ Many women man. in silence and
ma¥*s Many women suffer in silence and
drift along from bad to worse, know-
y7^^Bi^^^^\\ \V ing full well that the}- ought to have
'-vT-^^BkßBs _J^£lT immediate assistance, but a natural
y^V. ' I//\\\!y^ jjBA modesty impels them to shrink from
£ j^-^^Z^^ ~<f^^& exposing themselves bo the questions
/ § fB« anc^ probably examinations of even
'Mit/ll 'H - HL their family physician. It is unneces-
m H/jI ■ (R -JHbS sar Without money or price you
■ >j,, .lit \ll.(^ 1^ can consult a woman, whose
M 'It ' ll^-^T" knowledge from actual experi-
* fm lQ ! '^p^' /r ence is greater than any local
" ■ : m ' • I Vs^^—2» physician in the world. The fol-
•. • i lowing invitation is freely offered;
\, accept it in the same spirit: ;v;\'V.
■ MRS. PINKHAM'S STANDING INVITATION. '■).
Women suffering from any form of female weakness are invited to promptly
communicate with Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass. All letters are received,
opened, read and answered by women only. A woman can freely talk of her
private illness to a woman; thus has been established the eternal confidence be-
tween Mrs. Pinkham and the women of America which has never been broken.
Out of the vast volume of experience which she has to draw from, it is more
than nossible that she has gained the very knowledge that will help your
case. She asks nothing in return except your good-will, and her advice has
relieved thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor, is very foolish if she does
not take, advantage of this generous offer of assistance. — Lydia E. Pinkham
Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
CANCg
•^/ im H^s*k No PAY UNTIL CURED "
|^175-Page BOOK Sent
FREE with home tes-
pWm timonials and exact
_^fl| IP^ addresses of hun-
IWll dreds cured of large
#11 Cancers, some 8, io
■ . ■'■ M %and 12 lbs. in alcohol.
.^■Pr -^ I have positively cur-
ed over 1, 000 Cancers in California in 8 yrs ; 25yrs*
experience. Any lump in the breast is Cancer;
they slways poison from breast to arm-pit and
to throat. Iflargeit is then toolate.
S. R. CHAML E Y. M. D., OFFICE. 7 1 9 MARKET ST.. S. F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
INFLUENZA, SCROFULOUS HUMORS. ETC..
by building up the wasted . tissues and feeding
: the over-worked nerves In such a manner"that
i after using, . HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
LT EVERYBpDY LIKES IT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe' it. All good druggists
6ell it. Ask .for "WILBOR'S," and take no
i other. '
• N. B. — Beware .of imitations. This article is
the oldest of Its kind In the . market. Many
try -to make ■ a . remedy "Just as good," ■ but
none succeed.
: ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
I INCREASING PATRONAGE,!
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT. ®
® ; . PROVES THAT THE ®
®LADIES' GRILL®
® %z PALACE ®
\ © EXCELS .IN : EVERYTHINa THAT MAKES®
j © . THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ©
I ® Direct Entrance from Market Street. ®
j ® - OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. ®
® ® © ©"© ® ®®®®®®®®@®®®
POalebe«ter'a En«llah DUiugd Brand. '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
— <s»~'v Original and Only CSennlne. , A
>-^/T(»tvsk' a»rt, alwayt reliable, ladies aak iff\
f"J \JraK. Dru iit trOUato'l Englith DiaJKf\\
r^mtß""""' Brand in He^ an 4 Gold aif taliioVXjHr
i3k -^sMWboie*. sealed with bine ribbon. Take \Sf
tW iv>4 Kdno other. Rtfytt dan grr<m.i enbttitu- V
1/ T• • ijf tioruanii imitation*. At Drnggisti, or 4a.
IW /If In stamps for particnlars. te«tlmonl»lr, and
. '*■• ' B " Relief for Ladles.*' in letter, by r^tam
■ VjT_ ff l Mall. lO.OOOTestimoniali. JTame Sttper.
. Cltlehestrr liemlc«H'o.,Mii.ll»oiif,j lw
by all Local DruwUta. I'll I l.\l a.. Jt>iT
S3 OPIUM
The pure e^entlal extract from the native drug. Cna- !
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium i
without 'ts noxioiia elements. No si'-Wness cf «tonn h;
ro Tomit.ng ; no costiTenetß ; no headache. All Dni{rui?ta, i
" Almost w:tli the regularity of clock-work," said the editor of a New York trad: paper,
when relating his experience with
*' I us«d to feel at aboul n o'clock that something had gone wrong with my breakfast.
Especially wan this true if I had had a restlex-* night, as you know is not an uncommon
»hinf with head-workers. My stomach,'' continued he, "is un 'er the stai.ditd as to
strength and it usd tosti-m at iho>e times to a>^t only indifferently and sometimes to rven
■top work. Clouds would come before my visl«Q and then a slight nausea v.ould be felt.
Years of that so>-toft him' had made me know Ac symptoms.nsvrtilas I know :ny rnpie.
but since I learned about Ri|>ansTabu!es I h**e praciicaly overcome thedi •!';. tnty ana
it is not often that any onr gets as enthusiastic over anything as I do over them. Now-
adays, whenever I recognize the old familiar symptom, ,
DOWN GOES ONE OF THE BLESSED LITTLE CONCENTRATED BOONS,
And in a fe.v minr.trs the visual clouds lift, discomfort MNMi away, my sto^iach
apparently resumes its operations and at half past n or i o'clock I go out for ray usual
rather hearty luncheon— all in delightful contrast with my former practically raised
afternoons which I used vainly to seek to eacaye Uy fasting and various doses. j
AUCTION
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THURSDAY, FEB. 24 at 12 M, Sharp
MARKET-ST. BARGAIN.
55x120 — Corner Market st. and Rose aye.,
55 feet on Pase; near junction Hayes. Frank-
lin, Gough, McAllister, Valencia and Potter;
property with a great future.
PACIFIC— STORES AND DWELLINGS ; RENTS $18;
WILL SELL IN 1 OR 3 PIECES.
46x60—2 fronts; 1208 and 1210 Pacific. 2 stores.
23x60—107 Barnard, in rear of above; cottage
and stable.
POST. WEST OF FRANKLIN.
26x120—1304 Post, 54 feet west from Franklin;
2-story dwelling; 9 rooms and bath.
TURK, WEST OF PIERCE.
45x137:6—1610 Turk, sunny side; street accept-
ed; 2-story basement house; S rooms and bath.
MASON, BETWEEN GREEN AND UNION.
34:4'~x137:6— 1709 Mason, west lino. 68:9 feet
north of Green; referee sale without limit.
HOWARD ST.— STORES AND FLATS.
27x55— 270."i-27H7 Howard, south of Twenty-
third: stnre and 4 rooms and bath; 2 flats, 8
and 7 rooms and hath.
4 LOTS, DAME & WHITNEY, SOUTH OF 30th.
2 lots, each 26x126— West line of Dame. 125
feet south of Thirtieth: 2 lots, each 25x125—
East line of Whitney, 217. feet soutn of Thir-
tieth st.
GREEN, NEAR DDPONT ; RENTS $77.
16:6x137:6—42:? Green and 14 PoHard place; I
new hay-wimlnw flats, with basement suttaßltj
for huslness.
20th 8T .— 7 BAY-WINDOWS-$lOOO CASH.
25x82:0— 4172 Twentieth St.. east of Castro; 11
rooms and hath; 7 hay windows; all modern
conveniences; $1000 cash; imnstnder to suit
buyer.
HERMANN ST.— LOT EAST OF FILLMORE.
25x120 — North line of Hprmann, through to
Germania. 103:6 feet east of Fillrnore; a splen-
did bargain.
8 LOTS— BTEVENSON, NORTH OF 14th.
95x75 — West line of Stevenson, 70 feet north
of Fourteenth; in lots tn suit: also 4 lots, e.irh
2".x«'.. east line of Stevenson, 120 north of Four-
teenth — a great barpain.
i CHURCH-ST. LOTS.
4 lots, each 25x100— East line of Church. 51:6
north of Twenty-sixth: Church street will be
an Important business street.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE
I have on hand a large quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to & Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
t,*^^BMM^A,»ar "'5 «is n. non-roipnnoa»
A < '^flH^^^^ l^Mfl el nedy for Gonorrhwa,
'^HW'VjUKEti^Bl Gleet, Spermatorrho?a,
S&Wln 1 to 5 days.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
JBaV Gntrtaued « charges, or any iufliimma-
nf not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
j* '^Preveau eoaugion. tion of jnaconi mem-
f??ITHEEvANS CHEMinuCo. braneg. Non-astringent.
WbAcincisnati.Q— I SoW by »rnfirg3«t»,
VHk usa or Bent in plain w-rapper,
yi^Mkw ' ' J^^m hy el Pf'" < ''. prepaid, for
•'^■■■■rff^m I. 1 - 00 " r "' «x>«le«. J2.75.
. . •• ■ Circular s"nt on request.
56
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managw.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts, & F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson street i
Telephone Main 1574.
THE ©AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, bjrrnaH, $180
OAKLAND 0FF1CE..... ■ 903 Broadway j
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Butldlnft
WASHINGTON CD. C. OFFICE Riffts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street; open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKfn street: open until 9:30 o'clocK
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
S o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock ]
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clocK. 1505 Pol K street
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK. NW - corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bostonlans.
California— Blac* Pattl Troubadours.
Columbia—" What Happened to Jones."
Alcazar— "Charley'B Aunt"
Morosco's — "Shetland oah."
Tlvoli— "SalJ Pasha-"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., Sunday night
Olympia, corner Maeon and Eddy streets— Specialties,
The Chutes— Chiquita and Vaudeville-
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Calllornia Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll Cohn— This day, February 16, Stationery Store, at
71S Larkln Street, at 11 o'clock.
By Kllllp & Co.— Saturday, February 19, Horses, at Oakland
Baceirack, at 12 o'clock.
By Vcn Rhein & Co.— Thursday, February 21, Real Estate, at
636 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
CULTIVATING CRIME FOR PROFIT.
WHEN a few months ago there was an ap
palling murder committed in New York the
Journal of that city offered a reward for the
assassin's detection. The guilty were caught, yet,
strangely enough, the police take credit for this, and
a little investigation shows that they had presumed
to manifest an interest in the case, notwithstanding
yellow journalism had claimed it for its own. All
the police did was to follow clews, gather evidence,
arrest the criminals and assist in their prosecution.
Yellow journalism did the rest, this consisting in
howling a pean of praise to itself and offering a re
ward. There was no need of the offer; of course
the praise may be regarded as inevitable.
Now there has been another murder of a pecu
liarly shocking type, and the sheet has followed the
vicious precedent set by itself. The principle is
wrong, the act useless save for advertising purposes,
and the effect is certain to be harmful. If there are
to be extra rewards offered regularly for the detec
tion of crime, if reporters are to do detective work,
the salaries paid to the police might as well be saved.
Instead of trying to earn their lawful and adequate
salaries officers will learn to wait until the editor
has decided how much he can afford to pay.
The standing reward for the detection of a gory
criminal will produce the crime, and somebody will
be brought forward as the culprit. There are men
in every large city who would commit murder for a
small part of a thousand dollars and without hesi
tancy place fhe guilt upon an innocent person. It
is men of this class whom yellow journalism, with
its heralded rewards, is now trying to win from the
ranks of the unemployed. To do this, to undermine
the usefulness of regular peace officers, and to get
some cheap advertising are the objects sought, the
first two being merely incidental.
THE DOLLAR LIMIT.
THE Board of Freeholders, in the charter which
they propose to submit shortly, have adopted a
limit on municipal taxation in the following
form: "But such levy, exclusive of the State tax and
the tax to pa}' the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the city and
county, shall not exceed the rate of $1 for each $100
valuation on the property assessed."
This clause is modeled after the taxation limits
adopted by the municipal conventions of fifteen or
eighteen years ago. Experience proved at that time
that the proposed limit was a limit at only one end.
The maximum rate is $1 on the hundred, but nothing
1$ said about the assessment roll. A rate of $1 on a '
$300,000,000 roll will, as may readily be seen, yield a ;
smaller sum in taxes than the same rate on a $400,- '
000,000 roll. All the tax eaters need do in order to
control this limit is to increase or decrease the as
sessment roll. The master of the limit will, there
fore, be the Assessor.
A genuine effort was made by the local politicians
in the early 'Bo's to ascertain the merits of the dollar
limit on taxation. Both parties adopted a pledge
embodying the limit now proposed by the Freehold
ers. The Republicans carried the city in 1879 and
again in 1881. Their Supervisors violated the pledge
in the first instance and kept it in the second, causing
in the latter year a deficit which stopped work on the
highways and sewers and extinguished the street
lights for several months. It was found in 1883 that
unless the assessment roll was made a subject of
pledge the cost of government could not be perma
nently reduced.
It was then that the practice of pledging Supervis
ors to levy a tax of $1 on an assessment roll of a
specified amount was invented. This solved the
problem completely and government would long ago
have been cheapened in San Francisco had boards
of Supervisors ever devoloped a disposition to com
ply with the spirit of their pledges. Their practice,
however, has been not to endeavor in good faith to
conduct the city on the amount allowed by the muni
cipal conventions, but to discredit taxation limits and
political pledges by loading the payrolls of the city
down with useless tax eaters and creating deficits
In this way they have hoped finally to force the tax
payers to abandon all idea of curtailing expenses.
If the Freeholders are going to adopt a limit on
taxation, therefore, it will be well for them to devote
some study to the history of the subject. The limit
they propose cannot be expected to enforce econ
omy. All the tax eaters need do in order to produce
the money necessary to give us extravagant govern
ment will be to swell the assessment roll. Perhaps no
limit which can be formed will exactly meet the re
quirements of the situation. But would it not be a
good idea to arbitrarily fix the maximum yearly ex
penses of the government and require the unanimous
concurrence of Mayor and Supervisors to set it
aside? This might give the taxpayers a chance to
control the tax eaters.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898\
CELEBRATE OUR SEMI-CENTENNIAL.
CALIFORNIA was admitted into the Union
September 9, 1850. In 1000 she will celebrate
the fiftieth anniversary of her statehood. How
shall it be done?
To appreciate the achievements of that half century
1 one must reflect upon the conditions under which it
began. For a hundred years there had been here and
there on this soil a dreamy civilization. It had slept
and enjoyed its reveries in unknown contact with the
wonderful natural resources, now partly known and
partly developed. From clustering around the early
missions it had secured here and there a foothold in
our grassy valleys, where the lords of the great
grants lived as the Highland chiefs lived, in the
midst of their clans. Flocks and herds roamed at will
in the valleys, cropping their forage, sharing it with
the deer, elk and antelope, and sharing with them also
the risks from mountain lions and their predatory
partners. Beyond the ecclesiastical authority, seated
in the missions, there was no conspicuous attempt to
found institutions, and, in justice to those pioneers
of civilization, it must be admitted that their simple
lives gave but small occasion for the exercise of
governmental authority. California was but little
known to the outside world. Guarded by its moun
tain wall on the east and by the wide stretching
deserts of water on the west, its topography, physical
geography, its seasons and its soil and sky were the
subject of interesting speculation, as the vast reaches
of Africa are now, but there was less actual knowl
edge about them than the world of to-day has of the
Dark Continent. Fremont came as an explorer, and
though this generation cannot realize it, his own time
recognized in him all that civilization sees now in
Livingstone, Speke and Stanley. The simple story of
his trials, his passing of parched deserts and scaling
of lofty mountains; his nights in the somber forest on
guard against wild beasts and wilder men; his descent
upon the plains, all the marvels which he first
brought to the world's attention, appealed to the im-
agination and inspired romance. It was the first
achievement to excite the fancy and rouse the
spirit of adventure in the New World since the expe
ditions of Pizarro and Cortez. Followed closely by
the discovery of gold, the world's imagination, fired
by the adventures of the Pathfinder, was inflamed by
the vision of wealth. The pastoral civilization of the
country was swept from the valleys by the besom of
a crusade before which crumbled all that had been.
When the admission of California was put among
the compromises of 1850 in Mr. Clay's omnibus bill
this State was introduced upon the theater of national
politics. Though it was yielding gold, the knowledge
of its more permanent resources was so meager that
many things in the debates on Clay's measure seem
remarkable now. Webster's speech will always stand
as a monument to his genius. The ultra Southern
sentiment resisted the admission of California as a
free State because it would destroy the sectional bal
ance. Free and slave States had entered the Union
in pairs; Vermont and Kentucky in 1791-92; Tennes
see and Ohio 1796-1802; Louisiana and Indiana
1812-16; Mississippi and Illinois 1817-18; Alabama
and Maine 1819-20; then came the break in this or
der and the first compromise. Missouri and
Arkansas came in 1820-36, and the Mis
souri compromise line of 36 minutes 30
seconds was drawn, south of which all should be
slave and north all should be free. Between 1820 and
1546 four slave States came in and only one free. In
the next two years came two free States, and then
California knocked with the line of 36 minutes 30 sec
onds dividing her into two nearly equal parts. Begin
ning at about Cypress Point, on Monterey Bay, that
line crossed the San Joaquin Valley between Fresno
and Visalia, crossed Monnt Whitney and cut off the
northernmost sands of Death Valley. If those who
stood by the compromise of 1820 had prevailed, slav
ery and freedom would have met at that line.
The situation was portentous, and the solution
came in the speech of Webster. Turning to the Sen
ators of the slave States he told them they would
lose nothing. Slavery was an incident of physical
conditions. It had receded from New England and
the Middle States because in their climate it was un
profitable, and, like every system of labor, the essence
of its being was in its profit. Then, turning to Cali
fornia, he said it was, in its physical geography and
its topography, Asiatic. It differed in these respects
from the rest of the continent. Its products would
be found peculiar to itself, different from those of the
rest of our domain. Chattel slavery had never flour
ished in Asia for physical reasons, and, as Congress
could not repeal nor compromise a natural law, slav
ery, if founded in this Asiatic atmosphere, would per
ish and fade away.
Looking backward through the events and across
the development of two score years and eight, one
stands as enchanted in the presence of Webster,
struck with the universality of his knowledge and the
prophecy that was fh his analysis. The source of his
information has been a mystery to students. But it is
known that he gained it from a man who was by na
ture an empire builder and the keenest observer of
nature and her resources this coast and country have
known. Dr. Gwin was one of our first Senators. He
was in Washington from his election in 1849 to the
admission of the State in 1850. Born a slaveholder, a
participant in the exciting history of Jackson's ad
ministrations, he pioneered here and put his hand to
the foundations of California. From him Webster
had the accurate description of the physical condi
tions of California from which his genius developed
that generalization which has been proved in every
detail.
So, impinged upon history, this land emerged from
its past into statehood. Every step of the way is
written in romance and every advance is bowered in
beauty and spread with abundance.
When this became the first Pacific State it stood
alone. lowa, Missouri, Arkansas and Texas were the
frontier. We were the isolated star on the flag. Now
out of the vast region held by wild tribes, fortified by
mountain and desert, which lay in solendid solitude
between us and our sisters of the Union, and north
to the confines, ten States have been erected. We
are alone no more. The subject expands a 9 we con
template it. How shall all of its suggestions find em
phasis in the golden wedding anniversary of our
State? Let California invite her ten juniors here to
an exposition of her developments. We have had a
midwinter fair. Let us celebrate in 1900 with a mid
summer exposition our semi-centennial as a State of
this Union. Let us rebuild in Golden Gate Park the
first mission consecrated on this soil and in architec
ture, productions and institutional progress illustrate
each step we have taken in fifty years. The world's
eye is turned again to the Pacific Coast and the
world's hand reaches across all latitude and longitude
to grasp the newly found treasures of our north. In
such a semi-centennial exposition all lands will find'
interest. The clemency of our summer climate, our
cooling trade winds, our capacious cornucopia, filled
with our rare products, and our lintels bright with
blooming garlands will invite the world to enter a
fairy land and rest with us in the midst of beauties
and blandishments that the vale of Cashmere cannot
rival.
Known as New Albion, in the far past mapped as
the islands of California, fate has changed our flags
and sovereignty and led on to a destiny up to the full
measure of our natural endowment. Let us exploit
it all and justify our pride in our inheritance.
A FEARFUL DISASTER.
r\ FEARFUL story of disaster at sea, resulting,
/\ it is believed, in the loss of many lives, has
* * come down from Juneau — a terrible offset to
the former tales brought from that region of golden
fortunes found by lucky adventurers on the Klon
dike.
Few details have been received, and the full extent
and nature of the disaster are not accurately known.
Some residents of Seward City saw on the evening
of February 5 a small steamer trying to make her
way against a storm wind that was blowing head on
against her, far out in the channel. While they
watched the vessel broke out into flames. Human aid
was impossible. In the gale and the rough sea the ill
fated ship went down, and as far as is known none of
her crew or passengers survived.
The wrecked steamer is believed to have been the
Clara Nevada, which left Skaguay for Juneau and
Seattle on February 5 and has not since been heard
from. Fragments of wreck which strew the beach
along the coast where the disaster occurred are said
to be freshly painted, as the woodwork of the Clara
Nevada was known to be. From these facts the con
clusion is drawn that the wrecked ship was no other
than that steamer, and there seems to be little or no
hope that any person on board has lived to tell the
story of the disaster or explain how it occurred.
Danger always encompasses those who go down to
the sea in ships, but human skill and care have long
since reduced these to a minimum in all well con
ducted lines of ocean navigation. The dangers still
exist, however, in cases where the ships are ill
equipped, ill manned or ill fitted for stormy
voyages, and there is a fearful probability
that many vessels hastily prepared to reap
for their owners the profits of the rush to Alaska may
be of the unworthy class. The story of the wreck off
Seward comes as a warning to those who are about
to undertake that voyage, and will impress upon all
the importance of exercising great care in the selec
tion of a vessel on which they are to embark in their
search for fortune.
While no information is forthcoming on which to
base any charge of carelessness on the part of the
owners or the officers of the ill-fated ship whose
wreck was so sudden and so complete, there was
clearly something wrong somewhere. In the face of
the disaster and in the absence of definite information
concerning the cause of it, no one will venture to
impute blame to any particular person. The only
moral that can be drawn from the tragedy is the gen
eral one of warning to all who are going north to be
ware of ships hastily fitted out.
Fuller information which will be received later on
may show clearly where the blame of the disaster
rests, but in the meantime Government officials
should exercise the greatest care and scrutiny in
testing every vital portion of a ship destined for the
Alaskan trade. It is pretty well known that many
unseaworthy vessels of all classes have been hur
riedly fitted out at Seattle and other northern ports
for the rush to the gold fields, and parties taking pas
sage in ships from those places must exercise extra
care and caution.
REFORM IN SAN 4OSE.
THE battle for good government in San Jose
is being fought with a vigor of action and «
strategic skill that augur well for success at
the polls. The promoters of the movement and the
leaders in the contest are not relying for victory
solely upon popular enthusiasm or public sentiment.
They have organized their forces and made ready
the means for enthusiasm and sentiment to translate
themselves into action during the campaign and on
election day.
It is only by such means that any lasting success
can be accomplished for good government either in
that or any other city. Sporadic outbursts for re
form never have permanent effects, and not infre
quently do more harm than good. Old John Adams
was right. Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
Men who are not willing to pay that price and keep
a ceaseless watch upon government will become vic
tims of some kind of tyranny sooner or later and
find themselves ruled by some ignoble little Caesar
in the form of a "municipal boss."
When the good citizens of New York had obtained
their new charter they indulged the fond belief
that all would be well thereafter whether they con
tinued to act together or not. The consequence of
trusting to this delusive phantom of hope, instead of
organizing for an unceasing campaign for good gov
ernment, was a victory for Tammany last fall which
has placed the boss in control of the city, with ifc>
extension, its new charter and everything else.
The San Joseans have been wise enough to profit
by the warning of the big metropolis. Having
adopted a new charter they have determined to have
it administered by its friends, and not by its foes.
The New Charter Club did not adjourn on the day
after the charter was adopted. On the contrary, it
perfected its organization, augmented its member
ship, maintained its resolution to provide good gov
ernment by the election of good men to office, and
now faces the spring election with a well-assured
confidence of victory.
As a rule The Call doe 9 not favor non-partisan
movements. They are generally ineffective, and not
infrequently are organized mainly by soreheads, who
have been disappointed in what they expected of
their parties. In this instance, however, there seems
no other way for the people of San Jose to achieve
the overthrow of the bosses. It has been long since
there was any genuine party politics in Santa Clara
County. The bosses and the push and pull of both
machines have stood together for the spoils, and the
people, so long as they remained divided, have been
powerless. Under such circumstances non-partisan
ship is a necessity. It is the only way to victory,
and fortunately it promises to be a sure way.
A TREASONABLE JOKE.
IN a speech to a body of recruits who
took the oath of allegiance last autumn
the German Emperor said that "only
good Christians could be good sol
diers." This remarkable statement was
much canvassed and criticized in Ger
many *.nd elsewhere, and the Kladdera
dafsch, the German Punch, published a
"PROM THE CAMP OF THE HEAVENLY HOST."
The Cartoon for the Publication of Which the Editor of the Kl&dderadatsch Has Been Sent
to Prison for Two Months by Kaiser William.
cartoon in which Satan was depicted aa
fetching from heaven Leonidas, Alexan
der, Napoleon and Frederick the Great,
and reminding them that they had >no
place there. This joke brought a prose
cution for lese-majeste down upon the
head of the unfortunate editor of the
Kladderadatsch, and on Tuesday last he
was duly convicted and sentenced to two
months' imprisonment in a fortress. The
prosecution laboriously pointed out that
his Majesty was speaking to the adher
ents of the Evangelical church in his dual
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The trials of cruiser Diadem of 11,000
tons are being watched with great inter
eat by navy people. She is one of a class
of seven vessels building for the British
navy and the interest centers in the out
come of the trials of the improved Belle
ville boilers with which she is fitted and
which differ somewhat in the number and
size of tubes from those of the Powerful
and Terrible. The ship underwent her
thirty hours' coal consumption trial un
der one-fifth power on January 21 and 22,
dining which she averaged 3315 horse
power, 12.74 knots and consumed 2.18
pounds of coal. The boilers, thirty in
number, have 40.550 square feet of heating
surface and 1460 square feet of grate, and
the steam carried was 2(55 pounds, against
175 pounds as the maximum carried in cy
lindrical boilers. The other vessels of the
same class and type are fitted with Scotch
boilers. The full power and natural
draught trials of the Diadem were to be
proceeded with at once.
A local naval reserve Is being projected
at Hongkong. There will, however, be
some difficulty In securing fighting ma
terial, but it Is proposed to obtain Chi
nese as firemen, their wages ranging per
month fr«m $14 with food to $18 without
food. There are. about 1200 Chinese em
ployed by British shipping on the coast of
China, and they are credited with being
excellent in that line.
English service journals express sur
prise that the United States, should build
a 16-lnch gun weighing 126 tons, and point
to the fact that such monster pieces have
been discarded in Europe. The American
gun Is Intended for coast defense and is
being made, probably, more to show that
our gunmakers can produce heavier guns
than Europe. It will be forty-nine feet
long, and with a charge of 1000 pounds of
powder will fire a 2000-pound projectile,
and each round fired will cost about
$2000. The eight 16-inch guns in the British
navy, weighing 106 tons, are to be re
placed In the near future with 12-inch
guns, which weigh only forty-five tons
and cost only about $250 to fire. The 10
inch gun is, as a matter of fact, preferred
to any other, and in the German navy the
caliber is as low as 9.4 inches. In the
American navy the battle-ships now
building are intended to carry 13-lnch
guns, which will be the largest caliber
afloat of modern ordnance.
The engines of the Petropolawsk, Rus«
sian battle-chip, have been accepted, al
though they fell short 533 of the contract
horse-power of 10.C00. The full-power trial
was the severest yet exacted in any navy,
as it extended over twelve consecutive
hours and worked right through without
a hitch and gave a speed of nearly 18
knots. The Petropolawsk is of 10,960 tons,
with a 15.8-inoh armor belt, 3Vi-inch pro
tective dock and carries four 12-inch guns
in two 10-inch casemates and twelve 6
inch quick-firing guns, eight of which
are in small turrets and four on the main
deck in/ 3-inch casemates. The ship has
also six torpedo tubes.
Brazil has transferred its contracts in
England and France for two armored
vessels and three cruisers to a foreign
government, presumably Japan. The low
state of Brazilian finances is assigned as
a reason for abandoning for the present
the projected navy increase.
The Hal-chi, a cruiser of 4300 tons, built
for China, was launched from the yard of
the Armstrong Company, Elswick, Janu
ary 24. She is 396 feet !n length, 47 feet
beam and is guaranteed to make a speed
of 24 knots.
WEATHER PROGNOSTICATIONS.
To the Editor of The Call: As all are
vitally interested in the crop prospects I
trust you -will give place to the follow
ing, deducted from Herschell's, which
several years' careful observation has
shown to be substantially correct, as ap
plied to this coast:
February 20, showers; February 28, cold
showers.
March, doubtful.
April 6, heavy showers; April 13, heavy
showers, with wind.
May 12, rain; May 20, rain.
June 4, showers.
Several "dates" already past were ex
actly fulfilled. W. B. MILLER.
San Jose, Cal., Feb. 14. 1898.
'capacity of summus episcopus and lord
if war, and that it would be a reductio
£«| absurdum of his words to apply them
ma general sense. It was pointed out on
tht defendant's side that reductio ad ab
sur*nm is the raison d'etre of a comic
pap«f and that the form taken on the
present occasion was not insulting to his
Majesty, but was within the limits of
legitimate ridicule. Gustav Freytag had
said tha» a monarch gained in popularity
when hu^or and wit occupied themselves
with his person. For the same reason
Prince Bismarck once regretted that court
jesters no -onger existed. Formerly the
Kladderadatjcn was a great favorite at
court. Frederick William TV was so fond
of it that for a long time he was thought
to be a contributor. There was too much
zeal in the matter of trials for lese
majeste. His Majesty liked to speak
direct to the people, so he must be pre
pared to hear an answer from the people.
Much worse than open language was
criticism in private, and it would not be
a good thing to restrict the jester's old
rights. This reasonable view, however,
found no favor with the court, and Herr
Trojan, the editor, was consequently
haled off to jail.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Judge George B. Graham of Fresno is a
guest at the Grand.
Baron de Barral, a wine man of France,
is registered at the Palace.
T. H. Benard, a wealthy lumberman of
Chico, is a guest at the Grand.
Virgil Conn, a capitalist of Oregon, is
one of yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
L. D. McArdle, a prominent politician
of Portland, Or., is registered at the Oc
cidental.
A. Holloway, a mining man of Deer
Lodgre, Mont., is at the Occidental with
his wife.
W. 11. Barry, a wealthy Chicago mer
chant, is at the Occidental on a business
trip to the coast.
C. W. McArthur, one of Denver's big
bankers and leading business men, is a
g»est at the Palace.
W. M. "Welsh of the Stockton Flour
mills is in me city on a business trip and
can be found at the Lick.
The first of the. Raymond excursions
arrived yesterday from Philadelphia. The
travelers went to the Palace.
Charley X., the
popular traveling
salesman for a
down town liquor
house, rushed in
to the office of
his boon compan
ion, Harry Z., on
THE
DOCTORED
VALENTINE.
Saturday last in a state of great ex
citement and in rapid accents said to him:
"Say, old man, my firm has ordered me to
catch the 4 o'clock train for Sacramento,
and I want you to do something for me.
You know Monday Is St. Valentine's day,
and I would like to send a valentine to a
young lady whom I had the extreme
pleasure of meeting lately. She's a peach,
my boy, and when I was coming down the
street just now wondering what I would
send to this female divinity. I saw a val
entine In a show window that just fits
her case exactly; It is the most appropri
ate thing you ever saw in your life, so I
bought it. Say, you ought to see my
latest conquest. I took her to dinner last
evening and I must confess that she is a
most extraordinary eater, for my bill was
an even $12, but that doesn't count with
me, and she is a top-notcher just the
same. Isn't that a lovely valentine? Now,
as I have to get that train, I want you
to send !t to her for me. Her name is
Rose G., and her address 324 M. street.
Just look at the pretty verse Inscribed on
It," and voluble Charles read as follows;
A dainty, delicate creature ia Rose;
In her I've met my fate.
The hue of her bonny dimpled cheek
Is roseate.
"Good-bye, old boy, see that she gets it,
will you?" and with that he disappeared
to catch his train.
Now Charley did not know that when
he mentioned the young lady's name he
had awakened an unpleasant recollection j
in Harry's heart, for Rose had cruelly
jilted the latter some six months previous j
and he still suffered from the effects of !
the operation. He determined to carry
out a little scheme of revenge and at the ,
same time play even with the fickle Rose,
and he did so, for when she received the
valentine early on Monday morning the
following lines had been added by the ■.
deft hand of the aforesaid Harry, and the ;
feelings of the young lady can be better ''
Imagined than described when she read i
in addition to the other verae:
I took her to a restaurant once,
Her appetite was great.
It took me twelve to settle for
What Rosie ate.
Charley will be looking for another girl,
for when he returns from his trip, It fs '
said, the frigid reception he will receive ]
from Rose would compare favorably with j
the extreme cold experienced in Klondike, j
Dr. James H. Low, a leading physician
of Knights Ferry, Is at the Grand on a
visit of a few days' duration to the city, j
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Press are two j
prominent society people of Chicago who
are at the Occidental on a tour of the
coast.
Baron I* yon Meyer of Dresden, togeth-
er with Madame S. Rltter, his sister, and
Y. B. Seattle of London, arrived in the
city last evening on the overland from
New York and went to the Palace.
H. C. Bell of Oroville, the newly ap
pointed Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Sacramento district, is in the city. He
is the guest of his old-time bosom friend,
Major Frank McLaughlin. With the lat
ter he is enjoying a good time before set
tling down to business.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, left this city yesterday
afternoon on his way to London. It 13
Mr. Craig's intention to make short stops
at Chicago and New York both going anrl
returning to the city of smoke and fog.
He will be absent about two months.
Attorney-General W. F. Fitzgerald, who
has been confineu to his residence for the
past two weeks, suffering from a severe
cold contracted while in Washington, D.
C, attending to the California murderers'
cases. Is all right once more, and has re
turned to his accustomed desk in the
Parrott building.
The other even
ing a fight was in
progress in front
of the Baldwin
Hotel, in which
one of the con
testants was get
ting much the
A
SUCCESSFUL
BLUFF.
worst of it, but
being egged on by a "number of bystand
ers, was gamely staying and having the
face beaten off him. Suddenly a very
small but determined fellow put in an
appearance and announced that the fun
must stop right there. "What the devil
have you to do with it?" asked some one
in the crowd. "Never mind what I have
to do with it. You fellows don't know
■who I am, or you would skin out of here
mlg-hty quick. Now, the whole lot of you
get a move on and slide." The crowd
hesitated a moment, then began to move,
and having once started, fairly ran over
one another in their haste to —*, out of
the vicinity. After the last had disap
peared, a gentleman who had been taking
in the whole proceeding from one of the
windows of the hotel came outside and,
approaching the small man, asked him
who he was and what authority he pos
sessed that had the power to break up
so hard a crowd in so short a time. "I
am a commercial traveler," replied the
peacemaker, "and the power consisted
in a great big bluff, which I attempted
because I thought the scrap was too one
sided. '
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. - Senator
White left for Log Angeles this after
noon to remain three weeks. Colonel
George A. Knight is at Willard's Hotel.
ELIJAH BROWN.
Klijah Brown, tha cobbler, was enamored o«
the muse,
And all his time was given up to stanzas and
to shoes.
He scorned to live a tuneless life, ingloriously
mute.
And nightly laid his last aside to labor at his
lute;
For he had registered an oath that lyrical re
nown
Should trumpet to the universe the worthy
name of Brown.
And, though his own weak pinions failed to
reach the heights of song.
His genius hatched a brilliant scheme to help
his oath along;
And all his little youngsters, as they numer
ously came.
He christened after poets m the pantheon ot
fame,
; That their poetic prestige might Impress them,
and inspire
A noble emulation to adopt the warbling lyre.
; And Virgil Brown and Dante Brown and Tasso
Brown appeared,
And Milton Brown and Byron Brown and
Shakespeare Brown wore reared.
Longfellow Brown and Schiller Brown arrived
at man's estate,
And Wordsworth Brown and Goldsmith Brown
filled up the family slate.
And he bellved his gifted boys, predestined to
renown,
In time would roll the bowlder from the burled
name of Brown.
But still the epic is unsung, and still that
worthy name
Is missing from the pedestals upon the hills
of fame;
For Dante Brown's a peddler In the vegetable)
line,
And Byron Erown is pitching for the Tuscarora
nine;
Longfellow Brown, the lightweight, la a pugl
list of note,
! And Goldsmith Brown's a deckhand on a Jer
sey frrry-boat;
In Wordsworth Brown Manhattan has an es
timable cop,
And Schiller Brown's an artist in a Brooklyn
barber-shop:
A roving tar is Virgil Brown upon the bound
ing seas.
And Tasso Brown Is usually engaged In making
cheese ;
The oo.bbler's bench is Milton Brown's, and
there he pegs away,
And Shakespeare Brown makes cocktails in a
Cripple Creek cafe.— Syracuse Courier.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'B.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Shigetsuna Furuya, a young Japanese
newspaper man, who was a regular corre
spondent in Hawaii during the revolution t
is now studying law and politics in Michi
gan tTniverstty.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train rear^
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Steeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full Information given
at 14 Montgomery st. W. H. Snedaker, -General
Agent. ,
" Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softeng
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Drujrpists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $63; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
Btreet, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
Nkgi.kct your hair and you lose It. Pabexb'i
Hair Bamam renews the growth and color.
Hindkrcobks. tho best cur© for corns. 16 cts.
The Queen Regent of Holland has ex
pressed the desire that the coronation of
Quepn Wilhelmina may have strictly the
character of a national festivity, as a sol
emnity relating solely to the dynasty and
the Dutch nation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal is
the greatest
of all the
baking powders
in strength,
purity, and
healthfulness*FOUR BOLD
DAYLIGHT
ROBBERS
A Quartet of Thieves
Takes a Business
Man's Coin.
Located the Hiding Place
for the Grocer's Money
by a Clever Ruse.
Feigned a Fight While a Con
federate Sneaked Behind
the Counter.
LEAVE NO CLEW BEHIND.
Haggled About a Broken Window
While His Store Was Being
Looted.
Four daring burglars made a success
ful raid on a grocery store kept by
Herman Schomaker at Gough and Oak
streets yesterday morning. Their plan
of robbery was original and they se
cured about $500 in cash, a check for
$40 and two postofflce orders for small
amounts.
The proprietor was alone In his store
shortly before noon when a young man
entered and asked for a cake of com
pressed yeast. He tendered a $10 gold
piece in payment and Schomaker went
to a desk guarded by a railing at the
farther end of the counter and pro
cured the change. A few minutes after
the customer left another young man
entered the barroom of the place and
called for a glass of beer.
It was served to him, and
as he stood at the bar drinking, and
while the storekeeper was busying him
self about the place, there came a. crash
of breaking glass at the front of the
store. A paint pot had been hurled
through the front window.
Schomaker rushed from behind the
counter of his store and out on the
sidewalk to see what the trouble was
and to find out who was to blame for I
the damage to his place. On the side- j
walk were two men apparently tight- '
ing. One of them wore the dress of a
painter and it was he who had thrown
the paint pot. He claimed the other
man had owed him 30 cents and he was
trying to collect it when a row oc
ourred. He tried to hit his debtor over
the head with the paint pot, but missed
him and smashed the window instead.
The two men made a further bluff at
quarreling and then commenced to dis
pute as to who should pay for the
broken glass. Finally the alleged debt
or agreed to pay for the window pro
vided the amount he owed to the paint
er should be considered as paid. To
that the painter agreed, and the man,
after groping in his pockets in an ap
parent search for a coin, said he did
not have any money with him, but he
would go home and get it and pay the
grocer for the broken glass. He started
off toward Fell street, and a moment :
later the man who had quarreled with
him followed.
The grocer went back into his store, j
The man who had been drinking the
beer when the window was broken was
gone. He had departed through a
side door. The grocer had occasion a
moment later to look into the desk :
and when he opened it a buckskin
sack in which he kept his money was
found to be missing. Then it dawned j
upon the grocer that the purchase of
the yeast cake by the stranger and
the beer drinker who came In soon |
afterward and the feigned fight in the
front of the store by which the win
dow was broken were all in a plan ar
ranged by the robbers to get his
moriey.
The man who purchased the yeast
cake and offered a ten-dollar gold
piece in payment went into the store
for the purpose of locating the place
grhere the gpxvr kept his money. The
large o>in was given in payment to
make the st'U'^keeper go to his cash
Bupply to get the change. The young
maii who entered the barroom and
ask"! for beer had been told the exact
place t" look for the sack that con
tained the grocer's money. While he
WM pippin c; his beer two- of his com
panions were to give him an opportun
ity to get to it and escape with the
money. They feigned the fight in the
front of the store. It was a part of the
plan of the burglars to break the win
dow and fo hold the attention of the
grocer while the man who purchased
the beer sneaked in behind the coun
ter to the desk and secured the sack of
coin.
They succeeded well. Schomaker
had forgotten all about the man he
had left in the bar of his place when
he went to see about the broken win
dow, and he did not think of him again
until he missed the money.
The man who sneaked behind the
counter and secured the sack of
coin was about 35 years of age as
well as Schomaker can remember his
customer. He had a slight mustache
and was about five feet nine inches
tall: The man who> was dressed as a
painter was about 30 years of age and
he wore a dark mustache. He had on
the usual white suit worn by members
of the painters' craft, with a dark
jacket over the white blouse. He was
about five feet seven inches tall. The
man he feigned to be quarreling with
was about 25 years of age and about
an inch shorter than the man who al
ADVERTISEMENTS.
dmBY
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
Ccticcha Soap, and a single application of
Cuticcba (ointment), the great skin cure.
Ihe only speedy and economical treatment
for itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and
dimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
(yticura
Is »old throughout th« world. Porrn Dbto a*d CnruiCAL
<:••»'•. mni ■ -<, Solt^ Proprietors, Boftnn. -v ' ■■••-■
£/• " How to Core E»ery Baby Humor," nulled frt*. -
BABY BLEMISHES TSS&ff&tt."
THE STORY OF A SENSATIONAL ROBBERY.
leged he threw a paint bucket at him
but smashed the grocer's window in
stead. The man who purchased the
yeast cake was about 22 years of age
and of a rather heavy build. All were
strangers to Schomaker.
DISCRIMINATING DUTY.
Reciprocity to Be Made the Basis of
Action in All Cases Coming
Under the Rule.
The United States Board of General
Appraisers has rendered an important de
cision on questions arising under the pro
visions of section 22 of the act of July
24, 1837, relating to the imposition of a
discriminating duty of 10 per cent ad
valorem in certain cases.
The effect of this decision, in which the
Treasury Department concurs, taken in
conjunction with the opinion of the At
torney-General, is to relieve all merchan
dise coming from a contiguous foreign
country from the exaction of discriminat
ing duty, except such merchandise as
comes via contiguous foreign territory
from a country, the government of
which exacts a discriminating 1 duty upon
the vessels of the United States, or upon
the produce, manufacture or merchan
dise imported in the same from the
X'nited States or from any foreign coun
try.
Should any foreign merchandise become
legally liable to the discriminating duty
Erovicied for by section 22, clue notice will
c given by this department.
The decision now rendered being op
posed to the opinion given by fhe Solici
tor-General, as contained in the circular
of October 6. 1897, No. 163 (Synopsis 18427),
customs officers will no longer be gov
erned by the provisions of that circular.
All entries liquidate in accordance with
that circular will be reliquidated under
this decision, and duties paid in excess
as discriminating duties will be duly re
funded.
BOONE'S DISBARMENT.
He Makes Affidavit Accusing Repu
table Lawyers of Wrongdoing
Similar to His Own.
John L. Boone has filed an affidavit in
the United States Circuit Court with his
! petition for a rehearing in the dlsbnr
i ment proceedings against him, and in the
; affidavit he tries to make it appear that
I reputable lawyers have been guilty of
similar practices to those for which he
was disbarred.
He avers that in the case of Knox &
Osborn vs. the Great Western Quicksil
ver Company in the United States Circuit
Court in 1572, Hall McAllister accepted a
retainer from Knox & Osborn, got a ver
dict for them and afterward appeared
against them in another suit concerning
the same patent. Judge Boalt is also
charged by Boono with having appeared
against a former client in a patent case.
Hoone swears also that Judge D. J. Mur
phy appeared for Laura D. Fair on her
first trial and afterward, as prosecuting
attorney of the District Court, appeared
against her.
The charges have caused much indig
nation among attorneys accused, and
they deny that their cafes are at all sim
ilar to that of Boone, and for which he
was disbarred by Judge Morrow.
Groom on Top.
Few people have enjoyed the luxury of
a genuine Panama hat, owing to the high
price asked for them. Juan B. Flores of
Peru, the manufacturer, is determined to
Introduce his fine Panamas in this city,
anil has given the J. J. Groom Hat Com
pany charge of the sale. These elegant
hats will be on sale for two weeks only
at $6 each, the usual price being J2O.
These hats are of hand made manufac
ture, can be washed at will and they last
a lifetime. On sale at the J. J. Groom
Hat Company, 942 Market St.; also at 1254
California st. •
Wolcott on the Stand.
When the suit of Charles B. Polhemua
against the estate of Charleß Mayne was
called in Judge Seawell's court yester
day morning, Joseph L,. Wolcott, who
acted as secretary for the San Francisco
and San Jose Railroad Company prior
to its coming into the possession of the
Southern Pacific Company, was again
called to the stand. His evidence sim
ply went to prove the authenticity of the
books of the San Francisco and San Jose
Railroad Company through which the
plaintiff hopes to establish his claim.
The case will be resumed this morning.
Bobbed a Rancher.
John W.Carrolton, a rancher from So
nora, met a pretty girl on Post street
Monday night who persisted in talking to
him. After he got away from her he
found that $15 which he had in a purse
had been stolen from him. Yesterday
morning he got a "Jane Doe" warrant
from Judge Campbell for .the arrost of the
pretty girl and he will help the police to
find her.
Had a Free Fight.
H. A. Madden, manager of the saloon at
115 Eddy street, Phillip Gareau and Con
rad Bule, engaged in a free fight in front
of the saloon yesterday afternoon. They
were taken to the Receiving Hospital to
be repaired, and then Madden and Gareau
were taken to the City Prison, where they
wore booked for disturbing the peace.
They were released on $20 ball.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If I* falls to cure.
2Sc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
PATRONIZED
BY WOMEN
Pathetic Scenes in the
Several Dens on
Grant Avenue.
Misguided Females In
duced to Part With
Their Money.
A Patroness Who Lost Her
Last Fifty Cents on a
"Lead-Pipe" Cinch.
"MY GOD, I AM RUINED."
Th« Police Seem Powerless to
Suppress the Existing
Evil.
Notwithstanding the vigilance of the
police, pool rooms for "ladies only" are
being conducted without apparent fear
As the Results Were Announced the Fair Patronesses Scrambled for the Coin.
of detection. The men In charge openly
assert that they do not fear the police,
and defy them to obtain sufficient evi
dence against them. As far as the
police know three poolrooms for "ladies
only" are in full operation on Grant
avenue. The most frequented, perhaps,
Is situated in a building at the north
west corner of Grant avenue and Geary
street. Almost erery afternoon a crowd
of women can be seen tripping up the
stairs to the poolroom, anxious to bet
thpir last cent on some horse. "Billy"
Akers, a retired prixe-flghter. runs the
place, assisted by a man named Har
rington, who is known to the habitues
of the tenderloin as "Pretty Harry."
When a Call reporter visited the pool
room yesterday afternoon, Harrington
was seated at a small desk engaged in
the lucrative pastime of writing "tick
ets" for the deluded women who
thronged the place.
"Say, pard, have you anything good
to-day?" asked a dilapidated-looking
female, addressing Harrington. "I've
about reached the end of my string and
want a lead-pipe cinch."
The suave clerk assured hex; that he
had a "sure winner," and would "put
her next," as he expressed it.
Taking her purse from her dress
pocket she eagerly opened it and hand
ed Harrington 25 cents.
"Say. don't throw me down," she re
marked. "If the tip ain't right tell me.
I am up against it, and to lose the
quarter completely breaks me."
The clerk told her that the horse
could not possibly lose unless he met
with some accident.
"Well, it goes," she hesitatingly re
marked, as Bhe passed her last 25 cents
to the'clerk: "play it straight, and God
pity me if I lose."
After waiting a short time, during
which the unfortunate now eagerly
noted the hots made by her fellow
victims, word was sent that the horse
had come in last.
"This is awful," bemoaned the mis
guided woman. "Robbed of my last
cent by an unscrupulous tout."
With tears streaming down her face
the grief-striken woman sadly left
the mom and walked down stairs.
As she reached the sidewalk she
turned around as if to take a farewell
lock at the place ami then passed on
muttering, to herself. Similar sa;l
scenes were witnessed, all of which
were scarcely noticed by the hardened
clerk and the other attaches of the
pool room.
There Is another pool room for
"ladies only" at 36 121 2 Grant avenue.
The men who conduct it are known as
Kohen and Anderson. They do a large
business, notwithstanding that the
average bet does not exceed 50 cents.
In room 8 of the Carleton House, at
116 Grant avpnue, thfre is still another
pool room, which is patronized exclu
sively by women. Almost daily a
heterogeneous crowd of sportively In
clined women can be seen walking up
the stairs leading to the room discuss
ing the probable winners of the day's
races. Wearing broad smiles as they
enter, they invariably emerge with
drawn faces, cursing their luck, and
blaming the clerk for inducing them
to part with their hard-earned money.
Recently Sergeants Martin and Coo-
gan, who alternate in the tenderloin I
district, determined to suppress the I
evil. They conferred with the Chief of !
Police with the result that a special de- !
tail of officers was sent to close the I
games. They established a sort of I
blockade, but, despite their efforts, the
games continued to flourish. Every day ,
two policemen are stationed in front of
each of the poolrooms with instruc- j
tions to warn the visitors that they are
liable to arrest.
Notwithstanding the vigilance of the j
police the games thrive solely through
the evident determination of the women i
patrons to play the races.
One Dose Will Stop a Cou&h.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never fails;
try it: 25c. For aale by all druggists. •
Duty on Anthracite Coal.
Charles P. Coles hfis appealed to the |
United States District Court from a de- j
cislon of the United States Board of !
General Appraisers requiring him to pay
a duty of 67 cents per ton on a cargo of
anthracite coal shipped by him from
England to this port. The Collector |
ruled that It contained less than 92 per
cent of fixed carbon, and the Board of ;
Appraisers sustained his ruling.
PLEDGED
TO EVADE
THE LAW
Complete Text of an
Important Politi
cal Document.
Partisan Plan of the New
State Library Board
in Detail.
How the Republican Caucus
Provided for the Library
Patronage.
DEMOCRATS TO BE FIRED.
An Agreement to Abide by the Unit
Rule in Making Appointments
to Office.
The position taken by Governor Budd
respecting the Board of State Library
Trustees, who were enected by the last
Assembly to take office February 28,
1898, has excited a great deal of com
ment, and given rise to many specula
tions as to the precise contents of the
caucus letter sent to the several can
didates.
The written demands made upon the
aspirants for membership in the new
board under signature of the Republi
can caucus committee, and the pledges
responslvely said to have been made by
four of the five members elect, are held
by the Governor to constitute a vio
lation of the purity of elections law.
On this ground, it is announced, he
will decline to certify to the elections.
The Incumbent board will refuse to
vacate unless their successors present
the necessary certificates, thus forcing
the questions as to the legality of the
election and the proper qualification of
the new members into the courts for
settlement.
It will be recalled that the election of
Messrs. Ryan of Sacramento, Neff of
Colfax, Lemmon of Santa Rosa, Flint
Sr. of Monterey, and Lee of Los An
geles, was decided upon, not by the
Republican caucus immediately after
the names of candidates had been sub
mitted, but a week later. The interim
was employed by a committee com
posed of John H. Dickinson.
Thomas Flint Jr. and W. H. Price,
in securing pledges requiring candi
dates to agree to the adoption of a
majority policy, intended to give to
the Republicans the entire library pat
ronage. The plan was to render it im
possible for Democrats to hold posi
tions under the board of trustees, de
spite the provision of law de
signed to make personal competence
rather than political predilection the
proper test of fitness for library ser
vice.
The requirement that no person hold
ing a library position should be removed
except by a unanimous decision on the
part of the board was deemed a proper
safeguard for meritorious occupants.
In order to get around this statutory
prescription and bind the incoming
board to a partisan programme it was
decided by the managers of the Repub
lican caucus to make the board a unit
in the matter of making new library
appointments.
That is to say. the appointment of
any and all Republicans chosen by the
majority composed of three members
was to be approved by the minority,
and the board as a whole was to be
pledged to the replacement of Demo
crats by Republicans.
Great caution and secrecy were used
by the caucus committee in securing
the pledges, as the members seem to
have been fully aware of the delicacy
of their undertaking.
Under the presumption that the Gov-
ernor supported himself In his present
attitude by an authentic copy of the
letter so adroitly circulated, he was ap
pealed to yesterday by a representative
of The Call for a fac simile of it. He
admitted that he had one of the let
ters, but would not, for the present, ex
pose it. Nor would he positively ex
press his intentions as to the course to
be pursued respecting the certifications.
From another quarter, after diligent
research, the caucus letter, now des
tined to take a place in the history of
practical politics in California, was
obtained. Subjoined is its full text:
January 27, 1897.
Dear Sir: At a joint Republican caucus
of the two houses composing: the present
Legislature, held on the 26th day of Janu
ary 1897, your name was submitted to the
caucus as a candidate for the position of
Trustee of the State Library, and with
the names of other gentlemen was re
ferred to the undersigned as a committee
of three to communicate with each of the
candidates regarding the policy to be pur
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,! 1
and the flush of Hebe combine in Poizoni'M
wondrous Powder. I
sued by the Board to be elected on the 3d
day of February next.
As you understand, there are five
trustees; that no one in a position in the
library can be removed without the unan
imous consent of the five; that while the
Republican party were in control at tne
times of the election of trustees which j
have occurred during the past ten years !
the entire patronage of the library has i
been left with and given to the Demo- j
cratic party, and the library hRs to this !
extent been a factor in the politics of j
the State.
We are instructed to Inform you that it j
is the sense of the caucus that whoever :
should be elected a member of the coming 1
board of trustees should give his assur- 1
ance that he will see that Republicans i
are to be given not only the preference, !
but are to be placed in and occupy the ]
positions in said library under their con- \
trol or that of the State Librarian whom |
they may select; also, that as no such
change can be made without unanimous
consent, you will give your assurance to •
abide by the will of the majority of the
trustees as to any removal: also to pledge '
the Librarian selected to employ only Re- j
publicans as assistants in his office.
As instructed, we now send tßis* com- i
municatlon to you and should be pleased
to hear from you by letter or telegram
at your earliest convenience and in any i
event before the afternoon of Tuesday, :
the 2d of February next. Very respect- i
fully, your obedient servants.
JOHN H. DICKINSON,
THOMAS FLINT JR.,
W. F. PRICE.
Committee.
By JOHN H. DICKINSON,
Chairman.
lrrogressivp Barbers.
The Progressive Barbers' Association of
San Francisco has been organized and
will hold its second meeting on Thursday
evening at 8;30 o'clock at 102 Seventh
street. Forty members have signed the
roll.
Committees were appointed to wait on
the Labor Council and Labor Alliance
asking for affiliation, and on the mainten
ance of a free employment office. The fol
lowing officers were elected: W. B. Cur
rie, president; J. Eschen, secretary.
Gold or Siiver, Which P
The Freeholders last evening devoted
their attention to the gold and silver
standards. Mr. McCarthy strenuously ob
jected to the words "gold coin" being in
serted in the charter. Alfred Cridge, in a
long argument, sustained McCarthy In
the position taken. Messrs. Clement,
Comte and Sachs took the opposite view.
The section was referred to the Law
Committee to be placed in shape for the
next meeting.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
California's Early History.
The Y. M. I. Lecture Bureau has ar
ranged a lecture on "Life in California
Under Spanish and Mexican Rule." which
will be given at Metropolitan Temple on
Tuesday evening, March 1, under the
auspice's of Washington Council No. 4, Y.
M. I.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
HEALTH
Is the working capital of humanity. He who
loses that is wrecked Indeed. Is your health
failing you, your strength, ambition, vigor,
manliness wasting- away?
DR. SWEANY.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases in Men and Women.
YOUXG MEN. Unnatural drains, caused
through abuses, errors of youth or excesses,
quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality toTVKAK
I 31 EX. Organs of the body which have been
weakened through disease, overwork, excesses
or indiscretions are restored to perfect health
and strength through his new and original sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURK cured by his
new method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARICOC'KLK, hydrocele, swelling and
tsnderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. KYFHILIS in any of its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
LADIES will receive special attention for all
their many ailments. WRITE If you cannot
call.
CONSULTATION FKEE at office or by
letter. A valupble book, "Guide to Health,"
free. F. V. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market St.,
opp. Grant aye.. San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee To-day, Wednesday, Feb. 16.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c. any part.
FILSON and ERROL, society sketch artists;
WANRELL and MAZZI. operatic stars; MAUD
BEAL PRICE, vocalist and mimic; ADEL-
MAN and LOWE, musical specialties; AL
WILSON, German comedian; FILLIS' DOGS,
the canine wonders; CLIVETTE, silhouette
artist; BROTHERS DAMM, eccentric acro-
bats; AMERICAN BIOORAPH, new scenes.
Last Week of the Reigning Sensation,
THE GREAT GAUTIER.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mhs. Ernestine X hki.i \r, , Proprietor & Managrer
EVERY EVENING.
The Success of Successes,
"SAID PASHA."
A great cast, Beautiful Scenery, Elegant
Costumes, Gorgeous Accessories.
Even 1 Number Doubly Encored.
Next opera— Milloecker's nautical success,
'THE' VICE-ADMIRAL."
Popular prices ISc and 500
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"YOU ARE NOT IN IT"
UNLESS YOU SEE
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
LAST WEEK! LAST NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
Price? 13c, 15c, 35c and 50c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mctobco Sole Lessee and Manager
Second Week of the Popular Sterling Actor,
HARRY mAIIMHALL,
In Bronson Howard's Great War Drama,
"SHENANDOAH !"
The First Production in This City at Popular
Prices.
A Strong Play With New People in the Cast.
Grand Stage and Scenic Effects.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
HURRY, IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN HER!
FOR THIS IS THE LAST WEEK OF
THE MICROSCOPIC MARVEL,
CHIQUITA
She Is but One-third the Siae of Mr. or Mrs.
General Tom Thumb.
— THE CHUTES —
Every Afternoon and Evening,
Rain or Shine.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; children, sc.
BUSH-BT. THEATER.
The Thalia German Hebrew Opera Company.
Wednesday evening, February 16, positively last
time, "KOL-NIDRE." Sunday, February 20,
"THE JEWISH PRIEST." Box ofnce open
dally from 10 a. m. to 6:30 p. m.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
: REDUCTION SALE:
I LEADERS I
4 IN • >
: colored :
: DRESS GOODS ! :
•X Our great TWO WEEKS' RE- ♦
* DICTION SALE begins its third +
* day with special .offerings of ♦
•f the following and numberless ♦
X other lines of equally STYLISH *
* and SEASONABLE GOODS at >
I FORCING=OIJT PRICES -I-J
■♦■ I^r» "0 pieces DOUBLE FOLD >•
_. lOW TARTAN PLAIDS, former a.
y ' price 25c a yard, will be
t- ;'■. placed . on sale at 15c a -T
+ - yard. . >
"*" OHr 9 7 Pieces 37-INCH PLAIN -f
4. ZUt AND STRIPED DRESS 4.
. GOODS, good value for 40c .
T" a yard, will be placed on "♦"
+ sale at 20c a yard. +
"t O^r 77 pieces 39-INCH ALL- >
-f ZOC WOOL CHEVIOT DRESS -f
-f GOODS, mixed colorings, 4,
x worth 50c a ° yard, will be .
"^ placed on sale at 25c a "♦"
♦ yard. ; >
**" ARr 69 pieces 38-TNCH MIXED +
♦ -*OW DRESS GOODS in figured, -f
■^.' mottled and brocatelle ef- _»
|, fects, good value for 65c a "^
+ yard, will be placed on sale +
+ at 45c a yard. .
4'Qff r 87 pieces 36-INCH FANCY -f":
V OOt DRESS GOODS in figured 4,
, and plaids, curl weave, ex- _y
"♦" tra value for 50c a yard, "♦"
-4- will be placed on sale at -+•
VV A > 35c a yard. _.
■f PCrir» 59 pi eces 42-INCH >,
OUC FRENCH NOVELTY
"♦" DRESS GOODS, former *♦"
-f- . price 75c a yard, will be of- +
1 fered at 50c a yard. 1
"♦" SEAr» 45 pieces 45-INCH FINE ♦
+ OUC a L L-W OOL NAVY +
x STORM SERGE, good val- T^
"*■ ue for 75c a yard, will be "*"
+ placed on sale at 50c a +
+ yard. +
|- GLOVES 1 :
■f QHr> 105 doz. LADIES' 4-BUT- +
. UUW TON DORENA (REAL x
T KID) GLOVES In tan, " r
•♦■ mode and black (odd sizes), +
+ regular price $1 25, will be +.
closed out at 90c a pair. "*
■♦■ Every pair guaranteed and "T
4. fitted. +
"^ Bf^S" See to-day's . Examiner for +
-f ISar-*' Extraordinary Reductions in +
, Domestics and Housefurnishings. .
-t- . ... -r
■♦• ■ ; - ■ ■
a {/[/ Murphy Bulldinfir. * 4.
Mariet ai Jones Streets, i.
#♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦#
AMTJSEMENTS.
|JU£DIANDLB 60TT10B & Cfi ussus &nuitia
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Famous Original BOSTONI ANS,
Barnabee & Mac Donald ,. Proprietors.
Direction Frank L. Perley. .
Presenting for the first time here
"THE SERENADE!"
NEXT WEEK ;
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
"THE SERENADE."
Seats now selling for all remaining perform-
ances of this opera. _ .-,
NEXT OPERA—
ROBIN HOOD.
cftilaZrc
VfRIEDIANDER GOTIIOB &C°iissri* an****
■ ■•'•■ •
MATINEE SATURDAY.
This Week Only.
Harry Gorson Clarke,
And His Own Excellent Comedy Company, In
George H. Broadhurst's Farce, .
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
NOTE— Reunion of the "Jones"— Friday night
"JONES NIGHT"— all be there.
■•• ■ . ■ ■■ . ■ . . . ■
EXXRA !
NEXT MONDAY, February 21, .
. The Accomplished Actress
MARIE WAINWRIGHT,
In the New Domestic Drama Called
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER." •
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
IRICOLANOEB COTTlOßaC°.u»ui«anMu«u> . :
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
NEW FEATURES
COON SONGS COON COMEDY
JUBILEE SHOUTS OPERATIC RFVIKWS
La6t Performance Next ; Sunday Night.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT , LAST TIME. R. E. PEARY'
Civil Engineer, V. S. N. The greatest explorer
living. Will graphically : describe his experi-
ence in the far North. „ Illustrated with 100
lantern views. , Seats now ready at Sherman,
Clay & Co.' ' "'••';/
CUP AND SAUCER DAY.
MINING FAIR— MECHANICS' PAVILION.
;10 a m. 'to 5 p. m.— To-day— 7:3o a. m. .to
10:30 p. m.
Every lady buying . an admission ticket gets
a dainty/costly souvenir cup and saucer free.
Don't miss it. ~ . •. ■ ■ v
• Bennett' s Band < and : the . Great Rogers, ': af - ■
ternoon - and • evening. > . Free " moving pictures.
The Great . North s Hloomfield ' Mine and : Tun-
nel. Bartholemew" horses. - Other attractions.
• SF»EC;iML. .'- •- ■ •'-
The engagement of ' the ' Hewetts, wonderful
acrobats. Jugglers, dancers, first time * on ; the . ■
coast. '■■■ The 1 - Martels, cyclists; trained bears, ■
both • afternoon and evening. To-morrow ■ sou- V
venir spoons. ..• ■:.... •■• ' , _ ,
Admission 25 cents. ..Children 15 cents..
RACING! RACING! RACINGJ
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter meeting, 189T-SS, . Beginning MONDAY,
•;■; ■ February f. to February 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING . MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, TBIDAY AND SATURDAY.^
FIVE :OR '■ MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACKS START AT 8:15 P. H. SHARP.— —
Ferry-boats leave ' San • Francisco at 13 . m..
and 12:30, s 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m..
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. • Buy ; your i ferry . tickets to_ Bhell
i Mound. * Returning— Trains • leave the Track at ?
I 4-15 and 4:45 p. m.. ! and immediately after the
! last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. ' • ■'/--. ■■■.
.: ,;!.■-,,;..'.,■■■■=.■■,,-,■■-■ .:.-.■■>- — •. ..,.■ •-. .- ..-. ■- .
r»T VM PI \"— -' r Corner of Mfson tnd •
ULY mr*lA — Edd/ S)reeti
The - Most • Beautiful Music • Hall \in America, i-
- BYRON - and - BYRON. THE JACKSONS,
COUNCH, ; MABEL LLOYD, PURITA. HOW. :;
I ARD ; and ■■ a ; great olio by artists. Admission
[ free. '. House : heated." - ' / - ">■ ■
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat steady. Freights dull.
Barley firm. Oats and Rye quiet.
Corn dull. Buckw-eat all cleaned up.
Fair demand tor Flour.
Hay strong again. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans weak. Dried Peas higher.
Potatoes and Onions lower. Vegetables dull.
Butter and Cheese weak.
Epps in excessive receipt and lower.
Considerable chnnce in Poultry.
Game almost unsalable.
Citrus Fruits dull and generally weak.
Provisions as active as ever.
Hides firm. Wool and Hops dull.
Dried Fruits still neglected.
Hogs firm and advancing.
No change in Beef and Mutton.
House Coals in diminished demand.
No change in Oils.
americaV beet sugar.
Willett & Gray of New York In a recent cir
cular give the acreage devoted to the cultiva
tion of beets for sugar in the United States for
the past four years. The acreage for 1597 is
reported as follows:
States Acres.
California 32.056
Nebraska '. 7.000
Utah 3.000
New Mexico 2.000
New York 1,150
Total, 1597 45,236
Total. IS<*6 57.237
Total, 1896 22.94S
Total, 1594 19.558
—
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any. the
amount ol rainfall, of melted snow In inches
and hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobar*, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. Thr word "hich" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "law" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is hich in the interior and low
along the const, and the isobars extend north
and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
b-]f when th^ "low" is in^sed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, ami I ire falllnp to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian — Pa*cin> Time.}
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. IS. S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a? compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 21.75 33.91
Red Bluff 0 9.26 19.27
Sacramento 0 6>4 13.35
San Francisco 0 5.56 16.94
Fresno 0 3.23 5.12
San Luis Obispo 0 S.SS 15.25
Lob Angeles 0 4.11 11.42
San Diego 0 3.38 7.87
Tuna 0 1.26 4. vi
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64: minimum, 49: mean. .~.<i.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F' •RECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly in the past
twenty-four hours over the western portion of
the country. Over Northern Idaho, North
western Montana and the British Possessions
to the north there has been a fall of nearly
half an in<-h. The area of high pressure
which was central over Utah and Nevada this
morning is dislodged and there are indications
of a change in the pressure distribution over
the southern half Oft the Pacific slope from
that which ha? prevailed for some time past.
The terrperature has fallen from 10 to 16 de
grees over the northern portion of the Pacific
Coast. It has also fallen rapidly along the
const of California from Pan Francisco south
wnr.l, owing to heavy tog.
Rain has fallen over the northern half of
the Pacific slope
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Port Angeles. 30 miles per hour
from the A-.-st : Seattle, 86 southeast; Portland.
36 west; Fort Canby, 42 south; Idaho Falls, 30
south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Feb. 16, 1898:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
■Wednesday; probably showera in the northern
portion; cooler in S.irramento and San Joaquin
valleys; southwesterly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; probably show
ers in northern portion; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; probably showers;
cooler.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Pan Franrisc.-i and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Wednesday; probably occa
sional showers; southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— D<mse
fr,c wind northwest. SO miles; temperature. 57;
maximum. 67. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Feb. 15.— T0-day's sharp rally
in is to be attributed to the covering of
short contracts put out in yesterday's flurry.
Buyfng was said to be heavy for Washington
account, which was a heavy seller yesterday.
Yesterday's losses were more than recovered
In most cases, notwithstanding a smaller vol
ume of business to-day. There was at least
one period of general reaction during the day,
but It was of short duration .and declines
reached *maU proportions. ' There was also
profit taking in a few special stocks, which
did not aftect the general list to a noticeable
extent. American securities continued to be
favorites on the London Stock Exchange,
' vhere prices of Americans were marked up
" wi'h a distinctly coaßdent tone before the
opining here, and London continued a buyer
here even -alter prK.es had advanced to the
London parity. Jn:<-L (treat «*at laid un this
as indicating a definite change in the attitude
of the British investing public toward Amer
. lean securities. They were persistent sellers
of Americas during all of last summer and
during the subsequent rise, which has been
almost continuous since November. They are
jiow buying American stocks at prices many
points above where they sold. This buying
is regarded far more significant on account of
the higher rates of money in London as com
pared with New York, and the heavy balance
of exchange still known to be outstanding in
favor of this country. In Paris Spanish 4s de
clined on fears of strained relations between
the United States and Spain, and American
securities declined on some of the Continental
exchanges, but London heeded none of these
. considerations and continued buying at ad
vancing prices. Foreign exchange begins to
reflect this buying, and the demand for ster
ling to-day declined one-fourth and cable
transfers the same amount. Metropolitan
Street Railway showed a continuance of yes
terday's weakness after an early period of
ptrength. and dropped four points. It sub
sequently rallied, but closed to-day with a
sharp loss. Other local securities were strong.
Minnesota Iron was conspicuously heavy and
Lake Shore ruled bel iw last nlgth's price.
There were a few losses shown by conspicuous
stocks, but the general level of prices at the
close was very materially higher. In the act
ive list net gains of between one and two
points for the day were frequent.
The strength and activity In bonds In
creased as the day passed. Total sales, $4,360,
000.
United States old 4s registered, the new is
reglstered and the 6s were, 4e higher bid and
the new 4s coupon Vie higher.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 311.700,
including: 6575 Atchlson preferred. 35.770 Bur
llngrton, 9650 L. & N.. 10,430 Manhattan. 11.
900 Metropolitan Street Railway. 9609 Minne
sota and St. Louis, 3555 M. K. & T. pre
ferred, 66.610 New York Central, 4455 Northern
Pacific, 11,62f> do preferred, 8100 Oregon Short
Line, 7540 Rock Island. 14,270 St. Paul, 6200
. Texas and Pacific, 6221 Union Pacific. 9546
American Tobacco, 3520 People's Gas, 5769 Con
solidated Gas, 10.055 Sugar, 7771 Rubber, 3337
od preferred, 10,197 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12T» St P «fc 0m... 77Ti
Do pref .^ 31% Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 17 St P > M.... 134
Canada Pacific .. 88V» So Pacific 20
Canada Southern. 54 So Railway 9%
Cent Pac 134 Do pref 32%
i Ches & Ohio 234 Texas & Pac... 12%
: Chi & Alton 165 Union Pacific ... 34%
| Chi B & Q...... 102% U P D & Q BVA
Chi & E 111 57 Wabash 7
CCC &St L.... 354 Do pref 16%
Do pref 80 Wheel & L E..... 2%
Del & Hudson lllVi Do pref 12%
' Del L & I £V .. 156 V; Express Companies—
■ ! Den & R G 13Vi Adams Ex 10';
r ; Do pref 51% American Ex 12>i
5 'Erie (new) 15 I United States ... 42
i Do Ist pref .... 424 i Wells Fargo 115 |
• !Ft Wayne 170 i Miscellaneous—
' Gt Xor pref .... 156 IA Cot OH 21
\[ Hocking Val ■ .... 7>- Do pref 75<i
} Illinois Cent .... 105V 4 Amn Spirits 84
' ! Lake Erie & W. 17 ; Do pref 20V4
' ■ Do pref 74Vi !Am Tobacco 92
; Lake snore 191% Do pref 117
;'. Louis & Nash 59 ; People's Gas 96%
1 Manhattan L .... 117VJP'Cons Gas 193
1 Met St Ry 161%jCom Cat) Co 185
1 Mich Cer.f nz Col F & 1r0n.... 23Vi
Minn & St L.... 30V4 Do pref 70
Do Ist pref 8S Gen Electric .... 88
Mo Pacific 33V4 Illinois Steel 52
Mobile & 0hi0.... 31% Laclede Gas 134
Mo X & T 13Vd Lead 35%
Do pref 38% Do pref ........ 108V4
Chi Ind & L 9 Nat Lin Oil 18
Do pref ....:... 314 Or Imp Co 284
N J Central .... &6% Pacific Mall ...... SIT 4
N V Central .... US'.. Pullman Pal .... 186*
ft V Chi & St L. 144 Silver Cert 661
Do Ist pref .... 73 iStand R & T.... 5
Do 2d pref .... 37% I Sugar 135% i
Nor West 16 Do pref 113 |
' fs'o Amer Co 515 1 TC & Iron 24% i
i No Pacific 26% U S Leather 75
Do pref 66T* I Do pref .65%
I Ontario & W.;.. 17% U S Rubber 204 I
iOr R & Nay 51U Do pref 72
I Or Short Line .. 25V West Union 92% '
; Plttsburg 168 C& N W 128% :
Reading 21% Do pref 17,-..
Do Ist pref .... 61^ St L& S W 6 ;
| Rock Island .... 91%| Do pref 10
St L, & S F 7% R G W 23 I
Do Ist pref 6S Do pref 60
Do 2d pref .... 27 1 Chi G W 13Vi
St Paul 95% Haw Com C 0.... 36
Do pref 144 '
CLOSING BONDS.
L" S 4s new reg.. 128% IN J C 5s V4M
Do coup 1254 N Carolina 65.... 125
:VS 4s 1134 Do 4s 103 .
Do coup 3144 No Pac lsts 113%
Do 2ds 100 Do 4s 7\
U S 5s reg 113% N V C & S L 45.. 106%
Do 6s coup 113% Nor & W 6s 125
District 3.65s .... 118% Northwstrn Con.. 142%
! Ala class A 107 Do deb 5s 117' i
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 114%
Do C 100 |O Nay 4s 96%
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.. 12".
I Atchison 4s 934 1 0 S Line 5s tr.. l"0%
Do adj 4s 63% O Imp lsts tr.... 712%
Can So 2ds 110 Do 5s tr tT.%
Chi Term S7 Pacific 6s of 95. . I'Vi,
C & Ohio 5s 116 Reading 4s S6
I C H & D 445.... 104% R G W Ists ?v">i
D& R G Ists.... 110 SL&IM Cs* . £-i' s j
D ft R G 4s 94%|S I. & S F Q 69.. 119>i I
East Term lsts.. 107 Vi ISt P Con ... .... 142% j
Erie Gen 4s 74% S P C & P lsts.. 321
F W <fc D lsts tr. 73 i Do is 116&
Gen Elec 5s 100% So Ry 5s 94
; G H & S A 6s 103 j Stan R & T 65.... fVA
; H & T C 5s 110% Term new set .';s. 90%
, Do con 6s 106 TP L G 1n5.... 1C.1%
I lowa C Ists limi Do rg 2d3 ?4
' Kan P Con tr.... 114% Union Pac li»cs... 127V-V
X Pac Ist D tr.. 130% U P D & G lats.. E7%
La new con 4s 102 \ Wab Ist os :09%
iL & N Uni-15... Xi% Do 23s >■:-■
I Missouri 6s I*o W Shore is .]■••»
M X & T 2d5.... 63% Va Cen:uri-.-s .... 70
Do 4s 90 Do defetrei .... 4'i
N V Cent Ists.... 117 I
: MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 12JOphir '. 4.", j
Con Cal & Va... 80 Plymouth OS !
Deadwood 1 00 Quicksilver 100 :
• Gould & Curry... 2.". Do oref 250
I Hale & Norcross. 130 Sierra Nevada .. 70
: Hnmestake 37 00 Standard 155
• Iron Silver 43 Union Con 33
! Mexican ■. 2.'. Yellow Jacket ... 25
i BOSTON.
BOSTON. Feb. 15.— Atchison. 12%: Bell Tele
phone. 269; C. B. & Q., 102%; Mexican Central,
b%; Oregon Short Line, 25%; San Diego, — .
IX>NDON MARKET.
XF.W YORK, Feb. 15 — The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: All the
stock markets here were dominated to-day by
politics, Americans by Cuban affairs and
other markets by the general outlook.
Americans opened over the parity, gave way,
rallied on reports that Spain had Issued an
apologetic letter, relapsed in the absence of
information of the report, and finally cl<is»d
rather firm on New York support. Copper
shares were strong on Paris buying. It is diffi
cult to fathom wholly the reason for the fall
in the prices of gold. The reported reason,
however, is apprehension that Russian and
other continental demands will be less press-
Ing in the future. The slightly easier tone on
the money market was partly due to this de
cline In bar gold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Feb. 15.— Consols. 112 15-16; silver,
25 13-16; French rentes, 103f 60c.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 15.- Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California Wheat, 36s fid; cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargors on passage,
nominally unchanged; English country markets
quiet; French country markets, quiet and
steady; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California
fvs IVidflSs 2d; Wheat in Paris, dull; Flour in
Paris, unsettled; weather in England, cloudy
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red northern spring
firm, Ss l' 2 d.
CORN— February, steady, 3s 4^d; March,
steady, 3s 3>fed.
NEW YORK GRAI.-M AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 15— FLOUR— Receipts, 45.
83S barrels; exports, 12.57S barrels. Firmly held
at some advance on choice grades; demand
slow. City mill patents, $5 6O<§s 75; do clears,
$5 40@5 60; Minnesota patents, $o 20@5 50; do'
bakers'. $4 20@4 50; do straights, $4 55<g4 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 86,175; exports. 15 272
Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 05%. Options opened
strong at V*c advance on high cables and
further improved on nervous covering, in
spired by strength in Chicago May wheat,
which , crossed the New York price. An after
noon reaction under long selling and small ex
port demand was followed by a second short
scare and firm close at >4@%c net advance;
No. 2 red February closed at Jl 03'/i; May 9gu
•g','9 7-160, closed at asftc.
HOPS— Quiet.
PETROLEUM-Dull.
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet at $6 60 bid, $S 70
asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm at $11 20 bid, $11 30
asked.
TlN— Firm at $14 05 bid, $14 15 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet at $4 10 bid, $4 15 asked.
LEAD— Quieter at $3 80 bid and $3 85 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes the Lead at $3 60.
COFFEE— Options opened quiet and steady
at unchanged prices, and closed steady with
prices unchanged to £ points net decline.
Sales were 5000 bags, including March, $5 6b,
May, $5 75; December, $6 05. Spot Coffee — Rio
steady; 7 invoice, 6V4c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6*ic
mild, firm; Cordova. 7Vi@l5 1 4c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,200 packages; market
steady; Western creamery. 14V»@20c; Elgins,
20c; factory, ligi4c; imitation creamery, 13&
17c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8400; market steady; State
and Pennsylvania, 15c; Western, 14% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK, Feb. 15.— California dried
fruits:
APPLES— Very steady; other fruits steady,
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@-%ic;
prime wire tray, B**c: wood dried, prime, B>4c;
choice, S%e: fancy, 9@9Vic.
PRUNES— 3-5 Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, s@7>/4c; Moorpark, 9@llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s©9c; peeled, 12ig>20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— For a few minutes fol
lowing the opening in Wheat it looked as if
the dollar mark for May was at last to be
reached. There was hardly any Wheat offered
for sale on the curb, and this condition also
prevailed when the regular market opened. Re
ports that Letter had contracted with the Le
high road for the moving of 2,000,000 bushels
of his Wheat to the seaboard came from New
York. They were not substantiated, but the
report rapidly spread that May Wheat is al
most completely tied up by Letter influences,
and when the market opened there was a rush
of anxious shorts to get under cover. May
Wheat closed yesterday at 9SVi@9BVic, opened
to-day at 98H@9S«fee. Even at this substantial
advance the market was almost bare of offer
ings and the price was bid up steadily to d9«io.
A peculiar feature of the advance was the
number of stop loss orders in short Wheat.
Wheat began to come out after a "call" price.
99^»c, had been passed, but offerings were
eagerly accepted and the market did not hesi
tate much until 99* ie had been reached. This
price brought out a kit of Wheat from com
mission houses and May dropped back to 90'^c.
There it hung for a time. Argentine cables
repeated yesterday reports of poor thrashing
returns and lower exportable estimates. A lit
tle before midday the price shot up again under
a renewed demand from shorts, and May got
to 99v4c before the reaction came. Letter had
sold no Wheat during the day. On the con
trary, he was credited with buying a little.
This added to the belleX that h« is in control
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IG, 1898.
of the May market, and started buying again.
May closed at 98%(?!*S%c.
Corn was active and higher. May closed with
an advance of %c.
Oats were strong: and fairly active. May
closed steady at an advance of %@lc.
Provisions were faJrly active. ; May pork
closed 20c higher atid May lard and ribs were
unchanged. • • ■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— , ; :
February 100
: May ..98% 99T4 »8% 99H
July S6Vg 86% 85% B.l\
Corn. No. 2—
May 30% 31 80% 30%
July 31% 32V4' 81% 32
September 32V1 33% 32% 33
Oats, No. 3— -
May 27V4 27V4 26% 27Vi
July 24% 25V4 24V4 24%
Mess Pork, 'per bbl—
May 1105 1135 1105 1115
July ..11 2T> 1135 11 10 11 15
Lard, per 100 lbs— ..
May 5 25 6 27% 5 17% 6 20
July 5 32% 6 3S G 27% 6 27V4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 37% 540 6 32% 6 82%
July 6 42% 6 45 B 37% 6 40
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
draggy; No. 2 spring Wheat, 986*940 ; No. 3
spring Whent, 80iff97c; No. 2 red, 99Vic@$l 00;
No. 2 Corn, WM-c; No. 1 Oats. 27c; No. 2 white,
f. o. b., 24V{J29*4''; No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 28®
2S%c; No. 2 Rye, 48% c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.,
82® 40c; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 23H; Prime Timothy
Seed. ?2 Rf.(S2 10; Mess Pork, per barrel. $11 OS®
11 10; Lard, per 100 pound?, $', 12V.; Short Ribs
Sides, loose, |G 20<!J5 45; Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxe.i. 4%<Ko; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 E99
5 60; Whisky, dtetlllers 1 finished goods, per gal
lon. $1 lhVfe.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 12.000
Wheat, busheli 49.000 16,000
Corn, bushels 612,000 234,000
OatH, bushels 870,000 177,000
Rye, bushels 12.100
Barley, bushels 66,000 32,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@19c; dairies,
ll#l7c. Cheese, quiet; S(i?S4c. Eggs, firm;
freth, 14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
I Minneapolis 178,7*0 62,030
' Duluth 41.525 2,802
i Milwaukee 38,350 2,975
i Chicago 48,674 16,107
1 Toledo 14,936 1,000
St. Louis 17.000 24,000
; Detroit 5.979
; Kansas City , 52.500 34,000
Totals 379,034 142,934
Tidewater-
Boston 19.576
'■■ New York 84.175 16,272
I Philadelphia
Baltimore 117.117
New Orleans
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.
Opening 6195 59 60
Closing 6160 59 30
Flour-
Opening 29 30 27 70
Closing ij 05 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 5» ( 7 1% 6 6%
Closing 7 11%, 7 6 7 2 6 7V*
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Were steady;
steers, to KsN> 6 °; stockers and feeders, $3 50®
4 60, with sales mostly at $4@4 50; canning
cows, $2 50Q1 90; choice to fancy heifers. $4®
i 4 50; calves were unchanged.
HOGS— Prices shot up s@loc, sales being
largely at $4 05@4 124, and the extreme of the
poorest to the best hogs was $3 90®4 20. Pigs
sold at $3 50(54 05. chiefly at $3 75(§4.
SHEEP— Were In good demand at steady
prices. Sales were on a basis of $3 25@3 50 for
inferior lots up to J4J74 25 for choice to prime
flocks of native sheep; rams. $3 25@3 60; fed
Western sheep. $3 86(94; yearling sheep, $4 60@
5 25; lambs. $4 50<S5 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; hogs, 25,000; sheep, 12,-
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3SOO.
Market steady; native beef steers, $3 90@4 85;
Western steers, 13 50@4 40; Texas steers, $3@
3 SO; cows and heifers, $?. 3 45; canners, $2@
2 9<); slockers and feeders. $3 40@4 70; calves,
J4®6; bulls and stags. J2 40®3 60.
HOGS— Receipts SSOO. Market 5c higher;
heavy. $3 80@S 90: mixed, $3 Ss@3 90; light,
; $3 85©3 96; bulk. $3 Ss@3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts 3900. Market strong; fair
to choice natives. $3 75<?4 80; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 60® 4 60: common and stock sheep,
i J3@3 90; lambs, $4 25@5 60.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 15— CATTLE-Recelpts.
official, ll.(H"N) natives; 200 southern. Fairly
active, about steady: dressed beef and export
I steers, $3 75@5 15; bulk. $4 40®5; western cat
tle. Inferior to good fed lots. $3 25®4 66; stok
ers and feeders, active. $3 25<j?5 25; cows and
heifers, scarce and actl\-e, $2 Zo<??4 35.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 18.300. Market
opened strong- to 5c higher, closing 6@loc
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 80@4; heavies and
i packers, J3 So@4 05; mixed, $3 sO<g>4 02>V. lights.
$3 65#3 85; yorkers, $3 SOig-3 85; pigs. J3 40®
3 75.
SHEEP— official, 7000. Market ac
tive, firm. Western muttons, $3 10@4 35;
lambs, $4{zs 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 800.
Market steady to strong. Beef steers. $3®4 10;
cows. $2 50<g3 75; feeders, $3 50 <J? 4 20; stock
ers. $3 Sf'fi 4 «"; bulls, stags, etc., $2 & 3 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market, firm to 5c
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 55«3 90. Light pack-
I ers, $3 85<S3 90; mixed, $3 SO-gJ 85; heavy, $3 75®
3 80.
SHEEP— No receipts. Market strong. Good
demand for muttons. Prices same as Missouri
quotations.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs covering
principal points of accumulation Indicate the
following changes in available supplies last
Saturday as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease. $24,000 bush
els. Afloat for and in Europe, increase, 400,
000 bushels. World's supply, net decrease, 624,
000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1.049.000 bushels.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
•BOSTON, Feb. 16. — The demand for wool here
this week has been qule.t, but a firm tone ob
tained. The market for Territory wools is firm
on the scoured basis of 50 cents for fine medium
business. Australian wools hold firm, but show
considerable falling off.
Territory wools — Montana fine medium and
fine, 16<?j)18c; scoured, 4S@soc; staple, 60@53c;
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
15(ii)17c: scoured, 4S@ soc: staple, 62@53c. .
Australian, scoured basis, combing superfine,
'70972 c; combing, good. 65@68c: combing, aver
age, 62565 C; Queensland, combing, 65c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 15.— Exchange*. $201,
540; balances, $62,965. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 15.— local Wheat
market shows but little change. There Is a
firm undertone to the market, but very little
d<mand for cargoes. Exporters continue to
quote 75c as the top quotation in Portland for
the general run of offerings,, but would prob
ably pay : lc more round lots of choice Walla
Walla, while the mills are reported as paying
77c, and in some cases even more. ■ Valley and
blue stem, 77@78c per -bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 15.— Wheat, . un
changed; No. 1 club, 75% c; No. 1 blue stem,
78V4c. • ••;-.-'-•- ■;-.- ■ ;
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. CO days — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 S6V4
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55vs
Mexican Dollars 46 46ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The dry weather Is re
tarding chartering and freights are weak at
2Ss 9d, which is the rate of the last reported
charter. The chartered Wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 36,000, against 18,200
tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
22,350 tons, against 99,600; on the way to this
port. 192,800 tons, against 197.J00.
WHEAT— The Glenogil takes for Cork 79,347
ctls.. valued at $115,938; Ben Lee, for Cork, 85,
775 ctls., at $121,000.
The market Is steady enough, but dull, as
the shippers are doing very little. There is a
fair speculation on call.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42U
fo No. 1. $1 43341 45 for choice and $1 4~',i0
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for. milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May, 24 000
ctls, $1 41; 2000, $1 40"*.
Second session— December— €ooo ctls, $1 33«
2000, $1 33%. May— 2ooo, $1 40%; 4000. U 40U :
4000, $1 40%; 4000. $1 40>4.
Regular morning session— May— 24.ooo ctls
$1 4u'/«; December. 2000, $1 33V* ; 2000, 11 33'
2000, $1 ?,2\.
Afternoon session— May— l4,ooo ctls. 11 40U
8000, $1 40. December— 2ooo, $1 32V£: 2000. $1 324'
BARLEY— The Feed market is very firm, and
the quotations for choice bright are largely
nominal, as there is hardly any to be found
Brewing Is steady.
Feed, $1 of,<Bl 07 I *. for dark to good and $1 10
for choke: Brewing, $1 1561 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10<S'l 12' i per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clockMay— lo,ooo
ctls. 99c; 2000, 99Vic: 4000, 98% c.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, 98% c
Regular morning session — May — 2000 ctls.
9«V4c; 8000, 98Hc: 16.000, 98c: 4000. 97T*c.
Afternoon session— 2ooo ctls, 97% c.
OATS — Dullness continues to characterize
this market. No change in quotations.
Fancy feed, $i 23V*(iil 2f> per ctl; good to
choice, $1 17V 2 (ffl 222V4' common, $1 12V4@1 15;
Surprise. $1 25(3 1 SO; red, $1 35@1 45; gray. $1 15
|§1 174; milling, $i 1741& I 224; black, for seed,
$1 3.151 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN— The demand 1b slack and quotations
are unchanged.
Small round yellow, $1 lO^l 15 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 o.l® 1 10; white, $1 06<ffl 10.
55 TET E— Steady at $1 05©l 074 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quotations are dropped, as
there is nothing on the market except In mil
lers' hands.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Fair export and local demand for Flour.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 n."fi4 65: Bakers' extras. $4 SiWi 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFB— Prices In sacKS are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, $2 60 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6 75; Cornnieal. 12 25; extra cream
do. »3; Oatmeal, $3 f.O: Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10©3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, 13 25: Rolled Oats fbbls), $o 25(35 65; In
sacks, $6 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peae,
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDBTUFFS.
Hay rules firm again, and there 1b very lit
tle choice coming forward, as holders are not
letting it go. From a third to a half of all ar
rivals consist of Timothy and Alfalfa from Ne
vada, the former bringing $13 50<&14. and the
latter, $ll@n 50 per ton. Btraw is lower.
Ther Is no further change In Bran and
Middlings. The former is arriving liberally
from the north.
BRAN— s2o<g2l
MIDDLINGS— Rolled Barley, $13®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 128 5029 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 60@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28<830 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Chopped Feed.
$IR@l9.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $16®
18 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16017 50; Oat.
$14 50&16 60; Barley $13 50W16; compressed. $15
@17 50; Alfalfa, $10 60@ll f>o; Btock, $11@12 60;
Clover, ?11 60^12 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O®47Vic per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are no longer firm and several kinds
show a decline, notably pink.
Dried Peas have advanced again. There is
no change In seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90<(73: Small Whites, $1 40
(^1 60; Large Whites, fl 40« l 60: Pinks.
$2 6w&2 70; Reds, $2@2 25; Blackeye, $2 40®2 O 0;
Butters, $1 40® 1 50; Llmas, $1 65@1 75; Pea,
$1 40(g l 60 per ctl. _ „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $2@2 60; Flax, $2 25; Canary Seed,
22 14'Ti-%c1 4 'Ti-%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3§6c; Rape, 2@2%c;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 5V4c. _ .-_,
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $2@
2 05 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes from Oregon
have eased oft the market. Onions are
weaker. Asparagus sells slowly, as the pub
lic are not paying high prices for anything
this year. Peas and Beans are dull. Re
ceipts of Rhubarb are scattering.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 70©75 c; River Reds,
55iS6Oc; River Burbanks, 70fiR;>c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 75c(ffi$l 10; Salinas Burbanks,
Wc®H 15; Petaluma Burbanks, 7O'S'Bsc; Sweet
Potatoes, 40@50c per ctl lor Rivers and 76cQ>
$1 for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes.
per Ih.
ONIONS— S2 50@2 65 per ctl; Oregons, $1 60®
2 75; cut onions. $2ig2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES-Alameda <;n>en Peas. 10c
per Ib; Mushrooms. 6<glsc; Marrowfat Squash.
515Q20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15g i 2O; Dried
Peppers, 6©7 c per lb; Dried ' >kra, 15c; Cab
bage, 60f?75c per ctl; Carrots. X96OC per Back:
Garlic, 3®44c per rt>; Asparagus, 15£30 c per IT);
Los Angeles Green Peas. SOie; String Beans,
10@15c; Tomatoes. 60c@$l 2:,; Green Peppers.
per lb; Summer Squash. ■ ; Egg Plant.
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l 25 per
dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
!t>s; sliced desiccated. 16fflSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern came In yesterday aft
ernoon. In local stocks young Ducks and
Roosters are higher and Turkeys lower.
Game Is almost unsalable, as It is lean and
not wanted.
POULTRY— Live Tiirk»y«, lOftUf for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
Iligl3c per lb: Geese, p*r pair. $1 25@1 50 ; Gos
lings, $2 50ig3; Ducks, J4'gs for old and $7iifS
for young; Hens, J.TS4 B0; Roosters, young. $">
@6; Roosters, old, $225@350; Fryers, thi^o s<);
Broilers. J4®s for l.irge and $3 50 for small;
Pigeons. |I«ro 50 per dozen for young and $1
for old.
GAME— Quail, per dozen, $1; Mallard, $3;
Canvasback. WS3 50: Sprig. $1 2501 50; Teal,
$I@l 25; Widppnn. 7.VTSI; Small Ducks, 50c:
Oray Geepe. J2; White, 50c; Brant. $1(51 25;
Honkers, $3: English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1;
Hare, $1: Rabbits, $1^126 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE ANP KGGS.
Receipt* of Krits were excessive n^aln, as
will be seen els*whf>re, and prices broke again
in consequence. The market Is now over
stocked. Che<"?e an.J Butter are weak at the
recent decline.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25c; seconds, 22
@"24c.
Dairy-Choice to Fancy, 21@23c; lower grades.
20c per lb.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, ': 2ig23c; ladle
packed, 15<f?17'4c per lb. "
CHEESE- mild new. 10c,: common to
good, Sifff'V; Cream Cheddar. lo^llc; Young
America,- 10<iiltc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, -12V4
@13% c per lb.
EGGS-Ranrh Eggs, 12%@14c per dozen; store
Eggs, 10@llc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Limes are lower. Lemons and Oranges are
dull and not materially changed. Grape Fruit
is unsalable. Fine Red Apples bring the top
figure without difficulty •-■'^■s'
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 40@50c per box for common, 65@»1
for good to choice and $1 25@1 EO for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS - Navel Oranges, Vl 25@
2 2o; Seedlings, 50c@$l; Mandarins. $I@l 50 for
e *, a - n n d 65^ 75 ° for small boxes; Grape Fruit,
Soci&s2oo per box; Lemons, 50@75c for com
mon and Sl-ifi 25 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $*f,/v?76: California- Limes, In small
boxes, 60@S0c; Bananas. $1 25<?2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples, $354 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
There is no trade worthy of the name in this
market. An occasional ' buyer picks up j a job
lot cheap, and that Is about all.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. .carload lots, 4^4®
4%c for 40-r,<rs. 3%@4>4c for 60-60's, 3%@3%c
for 60-70' s, 2\<g?.>4c for 70-80's, 2i4@'2%c for 80
90's, l?i@2y*c for 90-100's; -Peaches, 3@4^o
fancy. 6O6Kc; peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. s®6c
for Royals and 7iSßcfor good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6%@7Vic; sun-dried,
406 c; bla ck Figs, in sacks. 2@2VSc; Plums,
4Vs(g:4\c for pitted and : l@l%c , for unpitted;
bleached Plums, s@s>4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2H<3»4Hc for quarters
and 3@5U C 0r halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, 3@3'ic for three
crown, 3V»4c for four-crown, 5c for Seedless
bultanas, 3Y c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2\c. ; -
NUTS— Chestnuts are : quotable at -8c per
id; Walnuts. 5@60 for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Alm.-.n<is, 2>*@3Hc for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and TifSc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4O6ttC for Eastern and 4^c for California;
Pecans, 6H@Sc; Filberts, 8%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B<@9c per lb; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100.
_ HONEY— Comb, B@loc for bright and 6®
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. 4H@sc;, light amber extracted, 3%@4Vic
per lb. ■ ' ' . . - .
BEESWAX-23@25c per lb.
PROVISIONS. :
Everything is remarkably • active and firm
and a-. further advance '. is i expected. Dealers
and -packers are put to their trumps to fill
their orders. ■ ■ -' ■
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per rb for
heavy, 9y,c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10M.<g>llc; Califor
nia Hams, in c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do. $10; family do, $11@$12; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18;
mess. $16; Smoked Beef, ll<g!l2c per It).
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at s^4c per tb
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails, 7>6c;
California tierces, 6%c per lb for compound
and 6"4 c for pure: half-barrels. 6%c; io-ib
tins, 7%c; do 5-th 7«c.
COTTOLEXE— Tierces. o^^e^c; packages,
less than STO ibt — l-rb pails, 60 In a case, B%c;
3-lb pails, 20 m a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, 8&c; 10-lb pails, t In a case. B%c; 50-1T)
tins, one or two in a case, 7»fcc; wooden buck
ets, 20 tbs ne i , 7",gc; fancy tubs, 80 fbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per Tb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There is hardly anything doing In Wool and
Hops. Hides are firm at the recent advance.
\; HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lr- • under sour.J ' stock.' " Heavy ; nlt*4 * Wttam,
lO^fSllc; medium, 9V4c; light/ 9@9%e; Cowh'.d^s,
ScS'S^c; stag's, 6@6%c; salted v Kip, 10c; calf,
lie ; - dry Hides, 17@<17Hc; culls and brands. ■' I v 4
(g>l4c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; ■; dry Calf, | IS®
20c; -. culls, - 16@17c; " Goatskins, - 20@37^c • eanh;
Kids. s©loc; Deerskins,': good summer.- 25@'30c
per. It); medium, 20c; - winter, 10c; '- Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20©30 c each; '• short wool, 40070 c
each;' medium, -70@80c; s long wools, • 90c@$l 30
each. v:; -V' • .•...-..•.. .■.■.'•■■;• -v •.■•.-■•-■••. ■'..-■■■ >
' TALiliOW— No.l rendered, : S@3%c per Ib; No.
2, 2@2%c ; : refined. oc; Grease, 2<93%c. ■-- - ;;,• .
- WOOL— Fall • clip— Middle » counties— free, - • 10®
13c; do defective, l0@llc ; *t San ■ Joaquln, i defect
ive, " 7@90; - Southern ■ Mountain, - 9®llc; . free
Northern. 12@13c; do defective, 8(3'llc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 13®15c; Eastern Oregon-,'
9«13e; Valley Oregon. 18®>18c. : j-
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, 11@14%c per It). . .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. .- ; 1898 delivery.
5%@5%c;.W00l Bags, 27@30c; San Quentin,ss 30.
COAL — The warm weather ■■ has ■ materially
cut down the : demand for - house Coals and
the scarcity is less pronounced. Wellington,'
$10 per ton; New , Wellington, -. $10; , Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 75; Wallsend,
$9; Scotch. $10; Cumberland. $10 in bulk f and
$11 60 In sacks ; Pennsylvania- Anthracite Egg.
*lo; Cannei.slo per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
■.. CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila
1%-inch. 7^c; 12-thread. 7*lc; and 9 thread,
»V«c;  bale * rope. 7v*®7%c. ■ Sisal— Ui-inch.
6V4c; 12-thread. 6%c; 6 and 9. thread, 7^c; bale
rope. 6Vi@6%c. . ■
CANNED FRUITS— Black . Cherries quotable
at $1 2;,<&-l 60; White Cherries. . $1 25@1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c@$l 10; Apricots, 60@90c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes, 75c. ■ . ■- - .  .-.»
COFFEE—
We quote: Costa Rica— l7@lß%c nominal for
prime washed (none here); 15@16c nominal for
good washed (none here); J7@l7%c nominal for
good peaberry (none here); 13@14<>ic for good to
prime; 10@12c for good, mixed . with black
beans; 9%@11c for fair; 6V2<sS' c for common to
ordinary. . - > .
Salvador— 14(j?16c for good to prime washed;
I.t3 1 13>. c for, lair washed; 16@l"c for good to
prime unwashed; 9@9%c - for "good green un
washed ; 13ig13%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. , - -■. ■■ •
"Nicaragua— 9@llc for good tj superior un
washed; 13c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican, new crop— l7@lß>4c
for prime to fancy washed: l4^<J?l6Vjc for
good to strictly good washed; 13Vi@14%c for
fair washed; old crop— lo%@l3c for {air wash
ed; ( @ioc for medium; 51iO\r: for common to
ordinary; ln^c for O od washed r+aberry: 13
(ffW-jc for good unwashed peaberry; 9&@lle for
good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— per lb. 3%c;
cases, selected, per lb. 4%c; cases. Imitation
Eastern, per lb, 4%c: boneless, per lb. 8c;
strips, Norway, per lb, ,5V!c; strips. Narrow
Gauge, per lb, 5%c; strips, Silver King, per lb.
6^ic; blocks. Clipper, per lb. sc: blocks. Ori
ental, per lb, 5%c: blocks, Seabright. perlb;
6%c; tablets. Crown Brand, .per lb, 7^c; mid
dles. Golden State, per lb, 5»4c; middles. Whlto
Seal, per doz. BV4c; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
doz, 80c; pickled cod. barrels, each, $8: pickled
cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.. ;
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c per gal (manufacturers' rates); Lin
seed Oil. in bbls. boiled, 53c: do raw. 51c;
eases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
bbls, 55c: No. 1, 45c; cases, ; 5c more: China
Nut, 47^ 55c per gal: Neatsfoot Oil, bbls,, 60c.
cases, 65c; No. 1, bbls, 50c: cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude, 60c; natural white, 80c; bleached do, 85c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40c; bleached do. <sc;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2©
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, 10^c
per gal; Pearl Oil,- in cases, 16c; Astral do,
16c; Star do, 16c; Extra Star do, 20c; Elaine
do, 21c; Eocene do, ISc: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in bulk, ll' r; do in cases, 17c; 63 degree
Naphtha, in bulk, lie; do .in cases, 16c; 86
degree Gasoline, in bulk. 18c: do in cases, 230.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb. .
JTURPEXT'VE— In cases, 52c; In iron barrels,
47c; in woodfi. barrels, 49c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, bhls, 43c; do cases, 48c; raw,
bbls. 41c; do cases, 46c per gallon. :.:.
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company
quotes as follows: Electric Light — 16 oz,
7Hc; 14 oz. 6Uc; 12 oz, 6Vic: 10 oz. 4Vic
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s,
white, 7V«c: colored, BV4C. .
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30@35c per lb;
do medium.' 2Sc; do light, 26®27c; rough,
medium, 2Sc; do light. 26@27c; - rough
Leather. 22@23c; Kips. $40@45 per dozen; Calf.
90cQ$l per lb; rough splits, .7<gSc; belt-knife
splits, 10®12c; Collar Leather, black, 10@12c
per foot; do russet, 10@12c; Skirting Leather,
30@35c per lb. <• ..; 4 '"■* ■ ' •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar . Refinery . Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushea,
and Fine Crushed. 6%c;* Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, sic; Golden C. 5%c;
Candy Granulated. 6%c: California A, r.i^c per
lb: half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes Me more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The quotation . for Spring "Lamb is nominal,
as there are none of any consequence here.
Beef and Mutton are- unchanged. . Hogs are
very firm and sales at 4%c are reported. : -
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock ' from
slaughterers are as follows: ; .':[■■'.'■[]■
- BEEF— First quality, 6Vic; second do, 6#@
6c; third do. 4@sc per lt».* t - ■• • ;
VEAL— Large. 6®6%c; small, 7@7%c per lt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 6%5 ! 7c
per lt>. ' ■ '■ ;'_'■'.' ■■■
• LAMB— Spring, 15c per It). , ' •: •
PORK— Live Hogs. 4>,f<fi4Vic v for large. 3«4c
for small . and 3T4@4c ' for. medium : soft , Hogs,
3@3^4c; dressed do, s%@6Hc'per rb. - ■
..... . .. -I ■■ 1.. 1 I ..- :
WOOD, LUMBER. ETC.
Posts. 89160 each for No. 1 and SH@(V" for
Xn, 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak. rough,
$8 50; peeled, $9; Pine. $5 75.
Lt'MBER- Retail prices" are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, Hl'S' l4 for No. 1
and $9 .SOffrll for No. 2. extra sizes higher. Red
wood-sl4'al7 for No. 1 and $11^12 SO for No. 2:
Lath. 4 feet. $1 70-51 80; Pickets. $lfi; Shingle.s,
$1 25 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Bustic,
$19<g 21 : Shakes. $8.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. February 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 7.110 1 Wine, gals 108,150
Wheat, ctls 65, 054 Leather, rolls .. 24
Barley, ctls 435 Hides, no 618
Butter. ct!s 297 Pelts, bdls  431
Cheese, ctls 34 j Bran, sks 350
Tallow, ctls 115 j Onions, sks 92
Lumber, ft 10,000 ! Potatoes, sks ... 8.525
, Lime, bbls 120 Beans, sks 1.77S
Chicory, bbls ... 9 Hay, tons 295
Paper, reams .. 162 Eggs, doz 14,730
OREGON".
Flour, qr sks ... 11,3921 Onions, sks 870
Wheat, ctls l,B2u!Bran, sks 4.4n0
Oats, ctls 33 T > Shorts, sks 1,805
Potatoes, sks .. 6.232
THE STOCK MARKET.
Most mining stocks were firmer yesterday
under the usual light trading.
On the Hond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
sold up to $59.
The stockholders of the Hana Plantation
Company have authorized the directors to In
crease the capital stock from $3,000,000, di
vided Into 30,000 Hhares, to $5,000,000, divided
into 50.0U0 share?.
Albert Miller has resigned his position as
president of the San Francisco Savings Union,
and ex-Mayor E. B. Pond, who has long been
a prominent director of the bank, has been
elected to fill the vacancy.
The name of the new lighting company wlh
be the Equitable Gaslight Company and Its ih
corporation papers will be filed in a few days.
Charles L. Ackerman, the attorney and presi
dent of the Central Light and Power Com
pany, who has the project in hand, states that
the new gas will be furnished at $1 a thousand
feet, and says that ground will be broken at
North Beach this week. The intention is to
manufacture within three months 3,u00,000 feet
of gas daily at this plant and gradually to In
crease its output to IS,tKX),OoO feet per diem.
In the Chollar mine they have put in one set
of timbers in the main incline and repaired the
main west drift on the 460 level, on the 100
level, 60 feet south of the north upraise, they
have started a crosscut to the west, which Is
out 12 feet In fillings of low grade. On the
Brunswick lode, incline shaft No. 1 has been
sunk 16 feet during the week and is now down
1061 feet on the slope. iW level— No. 3 west
crosscut has been advanced 34 feet; total
length, 194 feet. The face is In porphyry. 300
level— The ore streaks show no material change
for the week. They shipped during the week
bullion valued at $8736 59, of which $5124 21 was
goM. Thla was the clean-up of 166 tons and 500
pounds of ore milled.
In the Potosi mine they have put In one set
of timbers In the main Incline and done other
work Jnlntly with the Chollar, as described in
tli.- < 'hollar official report. On the tunnel level
th« main south drift, which is being run
Jointly with the Bullion Company, is now out
M f*et, having been driven 24 feet for the
week. The face is In quartz assaying from $3
to $fi per ton. On the sixth floor, above No. 1
crosscut, the east crosscut has been advanced
6 feet and stopped In porphyry. The Joint
Potosi-Bulllon repairs at the Croesus shaft
have been completed for 155 feet In depth. The
Potosi has shipped bullion valued at $3165 31.
of which $1461 73 was gold, the clean-up of 97
tons and 250 pounds of ore. On the Brunswick
lode shaft No. 1 has been sunk 16 feet for the
week and is now down 1016 feet on the In
cline. 600 level— The main south drift has been
advanced 24 feet for the week and is now out
134 feet south of the north line. The face is In
low-grade quartz and porphyry.
Following is a list of the mining companies
having cash on hand February 1: Alta, $6769-
Alpha Con.. $597; Andes. $2394; Belcher, $15,093;
Best & Belcher. $4556; Bullion, $4118; Caledonia
(Gold Hill). $9838 26; Challenge Con., $2762-
Chollar, $429. with $5000 due the bank; Confi
dence, $4162 90; Consolidated California & Vir
ginia, JS66, with $4000 due the bank; Consoll
i dated Imperial, $1657; Consolidated New York,
$297; Crown Point. $4055; Exchequer, $819;
Gould & Curry. $1513; Hale & Norcross (Fox
management). $735; Julia Con.. $2311 68; Justice.
$1224; Lady Washington, $5 and indebtedness of
$2133; Mexican, $1359. with $3000 due the bank:
Occidental Con., $440. with $ISOO due the bank-
Ophir, $226: Overman. $444 83: Potosi, $716; Sav
age, $11,502; Scorpion. $W6 52; Seg. Belcher,
$1397: Sierra Nevada. $4791; Silver Hill. *1307-
Syndicate, $886 07; Standard Con.. $61.533 65;
Union Con.. $9502; Utah Con.. $1619.
The Silver Kin* Mining Company of Arizona
has an Indebtedness of $975.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:3o.
300 Alta 19 300 Con Cal A Va.. Flo
100 Andes 12 300 Mexican 34
200 Belcher 29i300Ophir 62
400 Best & Belcher. 44 100 Silver Hill .... 80
100 Bullion to 100 Uuion Con 38
100 Choliar S9 1 700 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
Afternoon Session.
1200 Alta 18 i 100 Justice 38
200 Con Cal & Va.. 971100 Ophlr 53
100 Crown Point ... 17 400 Sierra Nevada.. "'J
X>o Gould & Curry.. 25J300 Union Con 3)»
MM Hale & Norcrs.l 501
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Botrd yesterday:
Morning Session— lo:Bo.
500 A'.pha 04 1 300 Gould & Curry 27
500 Alia Id I 300 26
3«0 IS ! 400 Mexican 34
W0 Belcher 2n I 200 Ophlr 51
750 29 300 53
400 Best % Belcher. 44 j r.oo Overman 07
SOOCaledonla 23 300 Potosl 23
200 241 K'OOS B & M 05
2CO ■><; ! 300 Sierra Nevada.. SO
400 Challenge 32 hoo Union Con 37
400 3R 300 SS
200 Con Cal & Va.. X 300 Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes v I 400 Mexican 35
8(0 Bfßt & Belchr.. 44 ht<JO 36
50 45 |«00Oph!r SI
500 Caledonia 27 300 55
400 2.\ 200 56
200 Challenge 35 500 Overman 0^
450 Chollar »i> 300 Potosi 24
400 Con Cal & Va.. M 400 2.">
200 97 400 Savage 28
200 95 1200 Sierra Nevada.. 79
200...: 98|5<)0 78
100 Crown Point ... 17i4fn> 77
1W v 12001 200 Union Con 38
200 Justice 381
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 15—2 p. m.
Alpha 04 05 1 Justice 37 40
Alta 18 19 Kentuck 04 05
Andes ...■ 15 lSll^ady Wash — 0T
Belcher 27 30 1 Mexican 36 37
Best & Belchr. 46 47 Occidental 1501 55
Bullion 07 03 Ophir 55 56
Caledonia 33 35 Overman 07 08
Chollar 38 39 Potosl 24 25
Con Cal & Va. 98 100 Savage 28 29
Challenge 37 — Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Scorpion 05 —
Confidence 76 — Sierra Nevada. #R>. 82
Crown PoiTlt ..18 19 Silver Hill .... 03 04
Con New York. 01 02 Standard 150 —
Eureka — 25 Syndicate 03 04
Exchequer 02 0; Union Con 38 39
Gould & Curry. 27 29 Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs.l 55 160 Yellow Jacket. 28 30
Julia 01 02
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Feb. 16— i p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 48 —
4s quar coup.. 113% — Pac Gas Imp.. 89% 904
4s quar reg..U2?i — Pac LCo 56% 57
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 91 91*4
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 113% — Stockton Gas. 14% —
Cal El 6s 126% — Insurance—
C C Wat 55.102%103V 2 Flrems Fnd... — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & p 65. .128 — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
P&Ch Ry 65.117% — Bank of Ca1.. 245 247%
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 100
HC & S 514. .105 — First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 130 —
Do gntd 65. .100 — Mer Exchnge. 14% —
Market-st 65.. 125% — Nev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1530 —
N C ngßy 7s. 101% — Hum 8 & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 11 l 111% Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 102% — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55.100 102% Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union TCo 950 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55. .11 l 112 California ....107^ —
Om Ry 6s 128%130 Geary 40 —
P&O 6s 110 115 Market-st ....63% 53%
P&Ch Ry 65. 108% — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-st 65... 119 _ Presidio — 10
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Powder—
Sar ElecßySs. — 160 California ....97% —
SF& N P 55. 107 — E Dynamite .. — 90
S P of Ar 65.. — 10394 iGiant Con Co. 43% 43%
S P Cal 65. ...110 — IVigorlt 3% 4%
SPC Is eg ss. — 100 Miscellaneous—
SPEr 6s 112 — Al Pac Assn.. — 99
S V Wat 65.. 120 120% Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 45.. 103 103 Vi H C & S Co. 35% 35%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 46% 46^
Water Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 54 65 Nat Vln C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oc SCo 65% 58Ti
Spring Val ...100%100»4 Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 95% —
Cent Gaslight. 95% — I Par Paint Co. 6% —
M E L Co 13% 14 I
MORNING SESSION.
25 Giant Powder Con ~ 43 62%
50 do do 43 50
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
50 do do 34 12%
25 do do 34 25
125 do do 34 3716
106 Hucchinson S P Co 46 25
60 Market-street Railway 53 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 14 50
360 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
20 do do s3O 5S 00
»n Pacific Gas Imp 91 00
150 S F Gas & Electric 9100
50 do do 8 90 91 00
100 do do 9150
50 do do 92 00
50 do do s 90 9125
Street—
100 Market-strf-et Railway 53 2o
50 Mutual Electric Light 14 50
50 Pacific Gas Imp 9° 00
$7000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
AFTERNOON SESSION.
30 Glnnt Powder Con 43 50
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 35 50
110 Hutchinson S P Co 46 25
225 do do 46 50
in Mutual Electric Light 14 00
370 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
20 do do 5S 87%
25 Pacific Gas Imp 9100
2f, do do 90 .;>
SOS F Gas & Electric 9150
175 do do 9125
■>25 Spring Valley Water 100 oO
3 do do 100 75
Street— /->. .__.
E0 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
THE DANGEROUS SEALSKIN.
Perhaps the safest and timeliest course
for contemporary owners of sealskin furs
is to lock them up in a strong box, and
sit on the box and call for help. The
stories of the experiences and sufferings
of persons who have recently been caught
with sealskins on them are very terrify
ing, and warrant all the precautions
above suggested. It is proper to say.
though, that proprietors of sealskins are
In no real danger so long as they keep
away from Uncle Sam's Custom-houses.
Hereditary sealskins may be worn with
Impunity in the country without any real
hazard "of arrest or police surveillance.
It is when you try to bring your sealskin
through the Custom-house that the rub
comes. You must then either produce a
Custom-house permit entitling you to
bring that particular hide back Into the
land of -liberty, or you must be prepared
with convincing evidence about the pedi
gree, gender and former residence of the
seal: who caught it: who killed It; who
dressed it; who made it up, and many
ot"her biological and biographical details.
If your Rtory and your evidence hang to
gether you "may bring in your skin, but
the chances are that you will think your
self lucky to escape without It.
The new treasury regulations which re
quire all this red tape are well adapted
to make the use of sealskins by travelers
to or from the United States excessively
unpopular. They make the most trouble
on the Canadian frontier, where, as win
ter is really winter up there, peoole. wear
sealskins much more than In the lati
tude of New York. There may be some
solace for some persons in the recollec
tion that all the trouble about sealskins is
due to Canada, and that there is a sort
of propriety In letting the Canadians and
their visitors experience most of the con
sequent inconvenience. The hitch about
that, however, is that the folks who hunt
the seals and the folks who wear the
skins are different people, without special
community of interests or mutual sympa
thies. The ostensible purpose of the" regu
lations is to keep out of this country
skins of seals killed in waters of the Pa
cific north of the 35th degree of north
latitude, which is the district as to the
regulation of which the United States and
Great Britain cannot agree. — Harper's
Weekly.
Belladonna is a deadly poison, and
should never be applied to the eyes
except by the hands of an experienced
oculist or physician. The result of its
frequent and indiscriminate use is total
blindness.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, IS9B.
Mo
We
2
Fr.
■-"i
11
•13
6
Moon's ' Phases.
©Pull Moon,
,-.: Febfi.
/♦a-Last Quarter
V& .•■■■■ Feb. U.'."-
y^L New Moon.
I \S/ : ' Feb. 20. .
8
3
liT
17
24
15
22
16
PL
127!I 27 !
2L!
I*
■
fcTtl.i.ilKKS Tv» AHKIVB.
IHiJLIJiii ......
fuinboldt
rla & Pueet Snd
Ucktnaw
ma;.;;;...;... ....
1e......
1na8ay....";..... ....
ta.. ....................
sort.... . .....'....
ma — v.... .........
Metro — ..........;.
ana •;.•.„ ;;...;:......
b01dt......... ....
rture 8ay ......'...... i
lent City........
3ort .........;.......
Bay ... .-..;. . . . '.". . . ; : . .'-
>rla and Pugret Sound
imo -'-'. ■-....".%..:...
i and Japan r;rr.T;
Mer0 .........; . ; .t:. ..
tx>iat . . .... ; .. . . .... .".
'roßreso
president
ixcelslor
lomer
fewpon
anta Rosa. . .
tate oi Cai
Veeott .....-;
ir15t01..........
roscfnt City
ooa 8ay.'.;..;,
trcata ;....; ...
lty Puebia;.'..
16
17
17
18
IS
l.i
ltf
1!)
19
20
20
21
■-'1
n
23
2S
34
•urm»
lty Peking: ....
'omona.
forth Fort . . .
olumoia
STEAMERS TO SAII*.
Dksti.vatio.vl
SAILS.
Arcata
South Coast
Pomona....
Columbia.
Zealandia. .
Hiimboldt.
Australia
North Fork
City of Para
Cottage Cty
Homer j
Umatilla . .
Santa Hosa
fcixcelslor.. ;
Weeott
Coos Bay.. i
State of Cal
Marl"osa.
p iillflll
Ma'-ka ... Feb 19 4PMPer tf
H mboldt.... ; Feb la 10 am Per |
Vic&P(rtSnd Feb 20.10 am Per 9
; San D-eg0.... Feb 20,11 am Pier U
; tl- ska . ... Feb 20. 1-' M ! • r
Hu nbldt Bay. Feb 21. 9 AM \ Pier M
Newport. Feb 22. "AMj^'Jl
Portland Feb 22. 10 AM I Pier 24
Sydney Feb 23, 2PM|Pier 7
-f'htn:i.tJ:ipan Ffb 23. tPMiPM S3
Gaollc !
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low \\ aters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of tn«
Superintendent. „,
NOTE— The high and low waters of cu r at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) *<}""*
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort i'oini.
the height of tide is the same at both places. _
FEBRUARY- 13S8.
Wednesday, February 16. '
Sun rises... - " : ri
Sun sets •*lk * 5
Moon rises 8:45 A. tt
[Time
II w
iPeet
Feet
TITTIP
L W
it. ii »;,
IT 1:02
18 2:51
1» 3:47
20 4:38
H W
21 0:0*<
22 0:37
U
3.1
a.y
■1.6
•1.1
5.2
5.3
" 6:51,
T:58l
9:lK)i
9:56
10:48
L W
b:Ti
6:16
s.t>i »SU| — U. 4 M:4U| 4.3
5.8 -6:W -0.6 10:21) 4.0
5.8| 4:10 — O.S 10;68 4.7
6.y 4:42J -0.6 11:32 5.1
5. I.'1 .' 6.24 0.3
HW L W
I.T 11:38 5.S 8:02 0.3
1.4 12:28 5.3 6:3P U.T
5.1
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there art but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive from
the c.; t )th given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, k.rated in the Merchants' Exchange, ia
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expanse.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of intertst to <">i • .in commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the folUrw
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge-
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
15, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. NNt. t in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCES.
ARRIVED.
•Tuesday, February 18.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 Tiours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Valencia, Lord, 65 days from Balti
more, via Sandy Point (Staalts of Magellan) 24
days.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Comoz; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 15 days from Depar
ture Bay.
Ship Sterling. Davis, 16 days from Nanaimo.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Hansen, 16 days from
Everett.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nielsen, 44 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Schr Antelope, Anderson, 20 days from Co
quille Riv*»r.
Schr Eliza Miller, Dannervig, 3 days from
Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray. Sorensen, 48 hou« frnm
Iversens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 4S hours from
Bihlers Point.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 15.
Stmr Pomona, Jepsen, sfan Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Ship Iroquols. Taylor, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimnnd & Co.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 15.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. fc
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar. *
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea, San Diego.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Puget Sound.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Warner, Seattle.
Br ship Ben Lee, Donaldson, Queenstown.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, AJbion.
RETURNED.
Tuesday, February 16.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, hence this morning for
Caspar, returned on account of boiler leaking.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 15—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Drumburton loads Wheat at Portland foi
Europe, 27s 6d, prior to arrival: Star of Italy,
lumber on the Sound for Sydney, owners' ao
count.
SPOKEN.
Jan 16— Lat 19 S. long 39 W, Br ship British
Commodore, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
Dec 22— Lat 32 S, long 29 W, Br ship Dalgo
nar. hence Sept 23, for Queenstown.
Dec B— Lat 56 S, long 67 W. Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, from Tacoma, for Havre.
Jan 17— Lat 55 S. long 64 W, Br bark Inver
ness-shire, hence Nov 20, for Liverpool.
Dec 10— Lat 55 S, long 64 W, Br bark kind
ley, hence Sept 15, for Hull.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 12— Schr Amethyst, fo»
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 15— Schr Challenger,
from Newport.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb 12— Sch»
La Gironde, from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 14— Schr American
Girl, for Newport.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 13— Schr Roy
Somers. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 15— Br bark Wind
rush, from Adelaide.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 14— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 16— Schr Bertie Mi
nor, for Eureka.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 15— Schr Okanor
gan, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 15— Schr Spokane, from Hono
lulu..
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 15— Schr Joseph Russ,
from Moss Landing.
HUENEME— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Greenwood,
■ HUENEME— Arrived Feb 15-Stmr . Coqutllcj
River, from Newport; stmr Greenwood.., from
Port Lbs Angeles. • ■
YAQUINA BAY— Feb Stmr Presi
dent, for San Francisco. -. - ■ ■
UMPQUA— SaiIed Feb 13-Schr Lily ,for Sao
Francisco; schr Lucy, for San Pedro. . .
SKATTI-E— Feb Stmr Excelsior,
from Copper River: stmr Rival, hepce Feb 10 1
bark Germania. form New WTiatcom.
Sailed Feb Stmr Dora, for Dyea; »nlji
Lucile, for Dyea. ' : .■
EASTERN* PORTS.
BOSTON— Sailed Feb 10— Schr Rube L Rich
ardFon, for San Francisco.
RAI/riMORE-Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Ellhu
Thompson, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
SYDNEY—SaiIed Feb 14— Br stmr Moana,
Dec 20-Chil bar*
Pariflon from Port Blakeley.
orEF.NRTOWN— Arrived Feb 14— Br shlj
Galeate. from Oregon: Br ship Loch Oarron,
hence Oet 9: Br bark Falkland, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 13— Br stmi
Olvmpia, from Oregon.
Sailed Feb 12— Br stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
WELLINGTON— SaiIed Feb 11— Br stmi
Aoranei for Vancouver.
BAHAl— Sailed Dec 21— Schr Abble M Deer*
ln CALETA a BUENA-Salled Jan 21-Bktn A*
denda for San Francisco.
PATE TOWN— Sailed Jan 20— Br ship CeltM
Race for San Francisco, iva Newcastle. NSW,
COLON— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Finance, foi
CORONEL— SaiIed Jan 27— Br stmr Algoa, foi
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Jan 20— Ship Clarence 1
Bement. for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 14— Br ship At*
ranrr.ore, hence Oct 19.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 15— Br ship Pericles,
hence Oct 8.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Feb 14— Br ship Yarana,
for Cardiff.
QVEENSTOWN- Sailed Feb 15— Br ship Loci
Carron. for Hull.
NOUMEA— Arrived Feb 14— Bktn Katie Flick,
lnger. from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 15— Br stmr Doric;
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Feb 15— Stnu fe.
Rhynland, from Liverpool.
NBTW YORK— Sailed Feb 15— Stmr Bovic, foi
Liverpool.
LEGHORN-Arrived Feb 15-Stmr Alsatia.
for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Fries,
land, for New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Keb IK— Stmr Ma*
Mlia. for New York.A LAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL BURN
THE EVIDENCE
Matties Sensation Will Be
Blotted Out For
ever.
Many Apologies Said to Be
Now Due to Rev. Dr.
McLean.
Those Who Called Him a Viper
Have a Duty Yet to Per
form.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
:• £ Broadway, Feb. 15.
When Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean returns
from Boston, where he is at present,
the C. O. Brown scandal will end with
a little bonfire, if the majority of the
Bay Conference Committee has its way.
The action taken yesterday at Chi
cago is received with great satisfaction
by the many supporters of Dr. McLean
in this city, where he was pastor for
twenty-five years.
In Dr. McLean's study is the cele
brated affidavit of Mattie Overman that
the doctor has protected so carefully
for over a year. It is said to be a con
vincing document, but its contents will
never be made known for the commit
tee, being now vindicated, is anxious
to have the condemning document
burned, so that it can never be heard
from again.
The latter clause of the resolution
passed yesterday at Chicago is particu
larly gratifying to the Bay Conference
as it is a clear apology for the action
of the Chicago Conference in receiving
into its membership a man who was
under suspension of a co-ordinate asso
ciation.
"When Dr. McLean returns." said an
officer of the First Congregational
Church to-day, "there should be more
apologies made to him. When the case
was being heard in Oakland Dr. Mc-
Lean was assailt-d must mercilessly by
people who should not have permitted
their confidence in him to be shaken by
a man like C. O. Brown. Ho has been
shamefully persecuted throughout and
■was actually called 'a viper* at Chica
go. Now that the matter has been
straightened out pome people have yet
a duty to perform."
Dr. McLean is now in Boston and
will not be home for some time. He will
probably stay at Chicago on his way
home and receive in person the apol
ogies from those who six months ago
hissed at him.
MILE-LIMIT
LAW ENFORCED
Berkeley Cigar - Dealers Ar
rested for Selling Intoxi-
eating Liquors.
The Offenders to Be Vigorously
Prosecuted Under the State
Law.
BERKELEY, Feb. 15.— Marshal Rich
ard Lloyd made a raid on a number of
Berkeley cigar stores this afternoon, and
as a result four men— Jake Mohr, E. E.
Toby, James Overall and Charles Srhu
man—were arrested for selling intoxicat
ing liquor in violation of the mile, limit
law. Toby, Mohr and Overall are pro
prietors of cigar stores in which beer and
whisky in various amounts were found. .
Schuman is a driver for the Viking Bot- ,
tling Company. Marshal Lloyd arrested
him for selling a half dozen bottles of
lager to Jake Mohr. For some time past
be -has been selling in Berkeley a con
siderable quantity of beer said to be non- !
intoxicating.
The first formal complaint that the
mile limit law was being violated, was
made by Marshal Lloyd last night in
hie report to the Town Trustees. He
stated that the cigar stores in East ;
Berkeley, with a single exception, while
ostensibly engaged in a legitimate busi
ness, were also carrying on illegitimate j
trade by soiling intoxicating liquors.
"Many also," he added, "carry on gamb
ling, not to a very great extent, but
enough to lead young men to bad hab
its. In view of the fact that the pro
prietors of the places mentioned do not
live within the law, it becomes the duty
of your honorable board to take some
action toward suppressing the evil."
President Richards emphasized the ne
cessity of immediately suppressing the
evil, and after consultation with Trus
tees Hoff and Frame of the License Com
mittee, to-day's action was decided upon.
Emeryville Water Rates.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— The Town Trus
tees of Emeryville will meet to-morrow
night to fix the water rnu-s for the en
suing year. It is probable that they will
desire to keep the rates a? low as possi
ble, but as each of the companies has a
complete system of mains In the town
they may make an effort to make a
higher rate than that of this «• ity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE SENDSJT FREE.
A Never Failing Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINBBS QUICKLY REPLACES THE
WORK OUT NERVES AND VISOR.
When a man's strength and vigor Is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain There is no let up to the mental
Buffering day or night. For years tha
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until it
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But providential
inspiration came to hfs aid in the snap*
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and j
he now declares that any man, young !
or old, who will take the trouble to !
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful j
home treatment which quickly restored j
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now, when I say free. I mean
absolutely without ccst. because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering i
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once coukl '
they but get such a remedy as the on<>
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth, i
although they cost nothing to get, are I
worth a fortune to some men, anil i
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178 !
Masonic Temple. Kalamazoo, Mich , i
and the information will be mailed in a
Plain, sealed envelope. .
SWIFTWATER
IS AMBITIOUS
Will Try to Beat the Re- |
lief Train to Dawson
City.
Meantime His Lovely Home
in Oakland Is De
serted.
Banker Henshaw Satisfied That Mr.
Gates Is a Man of
Honor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. Feb. 15.
Mr. Gates, perhaps better known as ;
"Swiftwater Bill," has undertaken a• |
contract to bfat the Government relief j
expedition to the Klondike. Swiftwater ,
declares he can get to Dawson City ;
first, and is confident that his dogs will
beat Uncle Sam's reindeer. i
In a few days Mr. Gates will return
to Oakland and the steamer ho has been |
East to purchase will come around the
Horn and will be here in plenty of time
to be at the mouth of the Yukon when
navigation opens. Gates will not wait |
for this, however, for he Intends to go
across the pass and take a load of pro- ,
visions with him and have a depot built
ready to receive the cargo of his
steamer. !
"Mr. Gates is a determined fellow,
paid Banker Will G. Henshaw of this
city, who sold Swiftwater his $25,000 i
home, "and when he undertakes a pro- ,
jert it is pretty sure that he will carry
it through. He will organize an expedi
tion as soon as he returns and will take ,
thirty able men north with him. He
will look after them and guarantee them
work after they arrive there. He '
pees that if he can get a supply of goods
to Daweon City ahead of the Govern
ment train he can do a good thing and
he can be depended upon to get there.
We shall have our steamer out here by
the middle of May and it will at once
be loaded and sent north.
"By the time the cargo gets up the j
river, Mr. Gates (Banker Henshaw
never says 'Swiftwater') will have gone
in over the pass and erected our depot.
We have made inquiry and find that
Mr. Gates stands very high in Alaska.
One man tells us that he has loaned
him large sums at times without the
scratch of a pen, and you know that is
even more than an Oakland* banker
would do," and Mr. Henshaw smiled.
There is some curiosity as to what
Mr. Gates will do with his beautiful
Oakland mansion. He bought it before
the honeymoon was at its zenith, and
mainly because Mrs. Swiftwater
thought it would be pleasant to have a
residence on this aristocratic side of the
bay. Now the Gates' troubles are so
diversified that society does not know
whether to congratulate itself or not. •
One thing is nojv regarded as certain,
and that is, that when Mr. Gates gave
out that he was worth $1,800,000, he did
not underestimate his assets.
WATER BATES.
The Trustees Decide That They Shall
Remain the Same as x^ast
Year.
ALAMKPA, Feb. 15.— The City Trustees
met as a committee of the whole last
evening to discuss the mntter of water
rates. The trustees evinced no dlspo-
Mti'.ii to lower the rates paid by private
consumers, although an argument was
made to show that such a reduction
might be made and still leave the com
pany a good rate of interest on its in
vestment. The manager of the com
pany asked that the price paid by the
City for fire hydrants be increased. He
alleged that during the past eleven years
the company had put into its plant
over $11.0<*t more than it had taken out.
and he also said that it had been put i
to great expense by the damage done to
its pipes from electrolysis. He also
said that out of the 2700 consumers in
the city there were 1900 who last month
did not pay as much as $1 each for
water.
The matter was discussed fully and fin
ally the trustees refused to raise the
rate paid by the city or reduce that paid
by consumers, adopting the same sched
ule as last year. This calls for 30 cents
per 1000 gallons to private parties. $1 min
imum; for street sprinkling, 15 cents per
1000 gallons; flush tanks, $1. and hydrants,
$1. These figures give quite general sat
isfaction.
DEATH OF BROTHER CIANAN.
For Forty Years a Christian Brother
and a Prominent Educator.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— Brother Cianan of
the Christian Brothers, a man well and
favorably known throughout the State
and in the East, passed away yesterday
at St. Mary's College, where he had been
teaching for a number of years. His
death was expected, as he had been fail
ing gradually for several months.
The deceased was known in the world
as James Griffin, and was born in County
Clare, Ireland, M years ago. He came to
America at the age of IK, and soon after
ward became a member of the Christian
Brothers. He held most of the prominent
positions of the order during his religious
cureer. He came to California in IX6B, be
ing among the first of his order to reach
the State. Before starting ho held the po
sition of professor of mathc-matlcs in
Rock Hill College and In Massachusetts
College. In 1874 he opened Sacred Heart
College as its first president. Later he
became a principal in the Sacramento In
stitute and was several times director of
St. Mary's College.
He leav«a a sister, Mrs. 11. Crane, and a
nephew, George J. Crane, of San Fran
etoco, to mourn his loss. .Requiem mass
and funerßl services will be held at the
college Thursday morning at 9 o'clock.
TO INVESTIGATE HARBOURNE.
The Grand Jury Will Visit Alameda
and Look Into the Library
Matter.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15.-The Grand Jury ;
j has decided at last to. investigate the
i Harbourne matter, and will visit Ala-
S meda on Thursday for that purpose. Con- j
' siderable wonder has been expressed that '
no official Investigation has ever been !
| made and no criminal charges filed in j
| the face of the open statements made
: of forgery and rascality on the part of i
! the ex-librarian. It has seemed to be the
, business of no one In particular to do
I this, and there is considerable curiosity
I as to how the Grand Jury came to take i
■ up the matter and who Is responsible
j for it.
Expert Davis, who has been at work
on the library books for some time, will '
i have completed his task by that time i
j and his report will give the Grand Jury !
] some basis for operations. j
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15.-Captaln Klmball
C. Eldredge of this city died last night
at his home, 1541 Benton street. He was
76 years old and a native of Massachu
setts. He was formerly a resident of
San Francisco, where he was very well
known.
Joins Perry was arrested to-day on
complaint of his brother on the charge
of assaulting his own niece, a little child
The charge Is alleged to have grown out
of a family dispute, and Is strenuously
denied by the accused.
1■« m «
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
; Talce Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
■ druggists refund th" money if It falls to cure.
i 2Sc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
ALAMEDA IS
NOT SO SLOW
Seems to Have Worked
\ Effectively on Mr.
Alger.
Many Big Changes Are Now
Contemplated in the
Harbor.
The Hope for the Tidal Canal Not I
So Dim as It Was a Month
Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 15.
There is much doubt regarding, the
future of the harbor east of Webster
street bridge and the Alamedans are
congratulating themselves that they
have obtained a partial victory. Cer
tain it is that the prospects are not ■
so good as they were three months ago
for the completion of the Oakland har
bor before anything is done with the
tidal canal.
Apparently the War Department, if
it has not changed its mind, is at least, ;
taking more time to think. Only a i
small portion of the money available
tl to be spent in the near future, and
now comes the startling ' intelligence
that the improvements east of the ;
bridges, tidal canal and all, will not be
taken up until Congress decides what :
shall be done.
There is a big difference between the
specifications as they were sent to j
Washington, and as they returned. All |
that related to East Oakland had been
cut out and only a reduced portion of
the work west of the bridges was left
in. The bids that are now asked will
be opened on March 10, and call for the
removal of enough mud to deepen the
channel to twenty feet. The bids will
be opened by Major Heuer, who is in
charge of the work. Colonel Suter, of
course being general supervisor of all [
harbor improvements on the coast. .
Now the question has arisen, .Why
these changes from the recommenda
tion of Colonel Suter? The money was
appropriated by Congress some time
ago and is now available t"> the amount '
of $666,000, not more than 25 per cent to ,
be expended in one year. The work out
lined in the specifications on which bids
are now asked will not cost nearly one
year's maximum allowance, and it is
very evident that the hopes of the Oak
land advocates have received a setback,
while Alameda's continued protest ap
pears to have had some effect on Secre
tary Alger 1 _ '■ ■ ■ ' ■
W. Eoutwcll Dunlap.
BERKELEY, Feb. 15.— The sophomore
class at the university elected W. Bout
well Dunlap to edit the Blue and GoM
next year. The newly elected editor of
the college annual has taken a prominent
part In the history of the class. He was
elected temporary chairman of the class
when it entered college, was a member
of the freshman glee committee and the
sophomore hop committee. He is a
member of the Philosophical Vnion and
is exchange editor, of the college daily.
Irwin J. Muma was unanimously chosen
business manager of the annual.
YOUNG SHARKEY
BESTS GIFFORD
The San Francisco Boy Puts
the Vallejo Pugilist to
Sleep.
Lively Contests Held nt the Reliance
Club's Gentlemen's
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
910 Broadway, Feb. 15.
A large audience enjoyed the Reliance
Club's gentlemen's night this evening.
The entertainment opened with a selec
tion by the club orchestra. Following this
were the preliminaries, which were un
usually good.
The first preliminary was a three-round
go between Jake Baumgarten and John
Dalton, followed by another three-round
go between Lon Agnews and Charles Tye.
Then Tommy Ryan and Henry B*ker
boxed three very scientific rounds. Billy
Jordan acted as master of ceremonies.
The first of the main events was a four
round go between Dick Condon ami Jack
McMahon of San Francisco. Frank Ce
reni acted as referee. The first round
was very tame, the second and remain
ing rounds were all in favor of McMa
hon.
Condon Beemed to become very tired.
McMahon got the decision. The next
event was an eight-round go between
Martift McCue of New York and Yank
Savage of Vailejo. McCue weighed 125
pounds and was seconded by Henry Ba
ker, Jack Jeffries and Dewitt Van Court.
Savage weighed 133 and was seconded
by Jack Burns, Jim Lewis and Jim Casey
Billy Hughes acted as referee. The first
round was rather tame. In the second
round McCue landed several good punches
on Savage's jaw, heart and stomach
without any return. Savage did not
seem to be able to land on McCue. The
third, fourth and remaining rounds were
all very much in favor of McCue, who
punched Savage when and wherever he
wanted. The referee, of course, gave
McCue the decision.
The last event of the evening •vras an
eight-round go between Billy Gifford of
Vallejo and John Irwin, better known as
Young Sharkey, of San Francisco. Lon
Agnew officiated as referee. From the
moment the gong sounded they went at
It hammer and tongs, give and take, re
gardless of any science whatever. In the
second round Sharkey caught Gifford a
left jab on the chin and put him to sleep.
It was announced that Martie McCue
would fight Jimmy Lawler at the Re
liance Club within two weeks.
The Reliance Baseball Club will play
the C. J. Heeseman Club at Central Park
next Sunday for {he benefit of James Ar
lett, who recently met with an accident.
A. D. WILDEK'S FUNERAL.
A Special Train and Boat Will Be
Run for Those Who Attend.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— The services over
the remains of the late A. D. Wilder will
be held at the First Congregational
Church to-morrow at 11 o'clock. Rev. C.
R. Brown will officiate and a male quar
tet from San Fraucisco will furnish «he
music. There will be fifteen honorary
pallbearers, ten from the Southern Pa
cific officers, and five personal friends.
The casket-bearers will be selected fronj
the oldest engineers and conductors of
the division over which Mr. Wilder has
been so long superintendent.
Interment will take place at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, San Mateo County. A
special train will carry the party from
this city to the cemetery via Peralta
street slip ami the ferry steamer Tran
sit. The cars will be the regular fun
eral cars of the cemetery. No change
will he necessary for the trip.
Telegrams of condolence have been re
ceived by the stricken family from C. P.
Huntington, General Manager KT-utt-
Bchnitt and other officials of the road.
Milton Wilder, the aged father of the
deceased, is confined to his bed with an
attack similar to that suffered by his
son. He will bo unable to attend the
funeral and Is considered to be in a dan
gerous condition. He is 86 years of age,
a fact which makes his illness the more
critical.
Mrs. Wilder is prostrated from the
shock of h.T husband's death and is un
der the physician's care.
Beginning of the Trouble.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— Joslah P. Ames
was the only witness to-day in the suit
of his sister against, him to recover rail
road bonds, lie told how she had cared
for him in his youth, and in her old age
he had been asked to care for her prop
erty. He then went into detail regarding
the various sums of money he had re
ceived. He said the letter referred to in
the complaint was one from his wife to
her Fon, Everett, in which she stated
that she and her daughter were in arrears
to the Ebell Society and would be sus
pended if it were not paid. She asked
him to take $10 from the rent money and
pay the dues. She had declared that his
wife was teaching Everett to steal. This
angered him, and he told her if she or
any person said anything wrong about
his wife and children she was lying. She
clenched her list and cried, "You are a
liar— a lfnr— a liar!" He apologized in
the evening. The. rents referred to were
his, he said, and not Mrs. Harris". The
case will be continued to-morrow.
Death of Mrs. A. J. Gregg.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— Mrs. A. J. Gregg,
I wife of the late candidate for Lleuten
i ant-Governor, (Hod at her residence. 9,">
j Grove street, this morning. She had been
ailing- for some months, but it was not
thoupht that her sickness would terml
i/nate fatally. Mr. and Mrs. Gregg came to
California in IS^'>, and are well knotfrn. he.
having been n contractor and builder
here. Besides her husband, Mrs. Gregg
leaves four daughters. They are: Mrs.
Frank Lash, Mrs. Robert Robertson, Miss
Martha and Miss Grace D. Gregg. Mr.
Gregg was absent from home at the time
of his wife's death, but was on his way
home, arriving two hours too late to see
her alive.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Fob. In.— A baseball game
between the Occident and Californlan
staffs will be played on the university
campus next Friday morning at 11:15. The
' student Journalist* of the college daily
want a chance to even athletic honors
with the Occident team, who defeated
thorn in a football game last fall.
Mrlville Dozior '98 will lead the college
■ Y. M. C. A. to-morrow afternoon at Stiles
. Hall. His subject will be "Pauls Con
| version."
The Sunsrt Tplephono Company has of
i fered to furnish Berkeley with a fire
alarm system of thirty telephones in dif
forent parts of the town, for $60 a month.
The company agrees also to connect each
of the 230 subscribers in Berkeley with the
alarm system.
LEGALITY OF THE
"SMALL BOOK"
To Be Tested in a Suit Filed
Against the City by Albert
L-. Myers.
Plaintiff Alleges That He Was Ille
gally Imprisoned and Slandered,
by Detectives.
The legality of the police "small book"
and the right of detectives and patrolmen
to arrest'without a warrant and Imprison
on suspicion will be tested in a suit filed
yesterday by Albert Ij. Myers against the
city, the Chief of Police, Detectives Ryan
; and ODea, and various prison keepers,
captains and sergeants. He wishes to re
cover $20,000 damages for illegal imprison
ment and slander.
Myers was arrested on the 13th ult., by
Ryan and O'Dea. it is alleged under or
ders issued by Chief Lees, and he was
detained in the "tanks" of the City Prison
\ on suspicion of having held up and robbed
William Pettit. a laborer, on the night of
December 2fi, ISO 7.
The plaintiff alleges that he Is innocent
: of the crime charged to him and his ar-
I rest was without warrant of law; that he
\v;is forced into a cell occupied by four
notorious criminals, and was detained
there from 9:3rt a. m. until R p. m. on Jan
uary 13 last, when he was released; that
! while he was incarcerated Ryan and
ODea referred to him as a "crook" and a
! forger who had committed the crime of
robbery.
By reason of his imprisonment and the
remarks of the detectives Myers claims
he has been damaged to the extent of
$20.(*X> and he asks for a Judgment in that
amount.
NEW PRESIDENT FOR THE SEMINARY.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15— With the visit of General Booth to the coast there
will be many changes in the Salvation Army on the coast. One of the most
important will be the appointment of Adjutant and Mrs. Finn to be in
charge of the Men's Theological Seminary and Training School in this city.
This is the institution where all the male officers on the coast are
trained, and is a very responsible position. Adjutant Finn has come here
from Denver and is an old and successful officer. The retiring officers. Staff
Captain and Mrs. Merryweather, have been Instrumental In building up
the army work to a marked degree and go from here to Stockton.
" I TALK TOO
MUCH" SAYS
CROCKER
He Complains of an
Interview but Can-
not Correct It.
Trouble Over His Criti-
cism of the Wine-
makers' Association.
An Explanation of Why He
Said It "Bunkoed" Mrs.
Kohler Demanded.
HE HAS NONE TO GIVE.
Offered a Chance to Make a
ment, Mr. Crocker Only Asks
He Be "Set Right."
Henry J. Crocker, president of the
California Wine Makers' Corporation,
"talks too much." He has himself said
so, and events now occurring give to
his word 3 confirmation sure as proofs
of Holy Writ. In fact the war between
the California Wine Makers' Corpora
tion and the California Wine Associa
tion is developing incidents which will
be interesting to a large number of
people not directly concerned in the
Issues of the fight. It was in connec
tion with one of these that Mr. Crocker
made his admission of talking too
much, and now finding himself in
trouble is trying to get out of it by
writing too much.
The matter 1b pertinent to the news
of the day by reason of the following
letter:
San Francisco, Feb. 9, 1893.
H. J. Crocker,
508 California Street.
William Thomas Esq.— Dear Sir: Your
favor of February S* to hand enclosing
one from you to The Call of February 5.
The first letter I had from you I de
livered to The Call representative and
have not seen it since.
1 will say in all fairness that the printed
article in The Call, to which the Wine
Association took offense, did them an in-
Justlce, as well as myself, and this was
acknowledged by Mr. Burke in your of
fice.
I now say that I did not use the words
attributed to me by The Call, nor in the
sense of the article are my well-known
views represented.
I could not possibly have known what
took place between Mrs. Koh'ier and the
association in their business deals, nor
would I be able to state as a fact that
she had been bunkoed into receiving
4,u00,00ti of stock in a 3,U00,U00 corporation,
as stated by The Call.
As I told you, I am perfectly willing
to have you proceed against me in the
matter if The Call does not care to cor
rect the publication as it seemed willing
to do at the time. Yours very truly,
HENRY J. CROCKER.
It will be seen that the letter refers
to an article published in The Call of
January 27, which contained an Inter
view with Mr. Crocker on the subject
of the controversy between the Wfne
Makers' Corporation and the Califor
nia Wine Association. In the inter
view certain statements were made
which the Association regarded as of
fensive and they called upon Mr.
Crocker for an explanation.
When the attorneys of the Wine
Makers' Association demanded of Mr.
Crocker an explanation of his state
ments In the interview concerning Mrs.
Kohler, he set about trying to put him
self right, and with that object asked
the manager of The Call to straighten
the matter out in the paper.
Mr. Crocker was informed that if The
Call had misquoted him it would gladly
make the correction necessary to do
him justice. He was requested to point
out in the printed interview any
thing which he had not said, but
this he would nut do. He was
told that if he desired to make a
statement The Call would publish it.
Ho said that he had no statement to
make. All that could be gained from
him in that interview was that ho
wished The Call to set him right and
get him out of the trouble the pub
lished interview had brought upon him.
It was in that conversation he said.
"I have talked too much."
At the close of the conversation with
the manager of The Call, Mr. Crocker
was told to call at the editorial rooms
and consult with the city editor and
the reporter with whom he had had the
interview, being assured that if he
could or would point out to them any
part of the printed interview that did
him an injustice or misrepresented him
a correction would be made.
He visited the editorial rooms and
conferred with those gentlemen, but to
them, as to the manager, he declined
to make a statement in the paper over
his own signature, nor would he assert
that any portion of the published in
terview was essentially different from
what he had said. He stated that he
would like to have a portion of it cor
rected, but would not say it contained
anything he had not said, nor would
he make the correction himself. Here
again his only explanation was "I
Auction Sales
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
Office warerooms, 7Ss Mission St.; tel. Clay 47;
$4000 of Stationery, Periodicals and Schoot Sup-
plies. I will sell, THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY),
Thursday and Friday, February 16, 17 and IS.
IS9B, at 11 each day, at 713 LARKIN STREET,
the entire stock contained In the above store,
formerly belonging to Mr. Eintracht. This
stock consists of everything appertaining to a
first-class store, also one National cash regis-
ter, nickel-plated showcases, counters. ; shelv-
' "aIsoVpiDAY. February 18, 189S, at No. 2
Olive avenue, I will 9ell at 2 p. m., on nocoum
of Mr. Eintracht's devarture for th'» East, the
elegant and costly furniture of the above resi-
dsnee. :
ST. B— The showcases, register and fixtures
will be sold on Thursday, at 13 o'clock. Also
one fine horse and buggy will be ! Mild at the
same time. For particulars see Chromcie.
. : EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
talked too much." He evidently de
sired The Call to get him out of a
scrape of his own making by contra
dicting for him a statement which he
would not contradict himself.
In his tortuous efforts at escaping
from the responsibility for his words
Mr. Crocker has brought Mr. Hugh M.
Burke of The Call into the. controversy
without any reason at all. Mr. Burke
was not the reporter who interviewed
Mr. Crocker, and accordingly could not
and did not know whether he had been
correctly reported or not. Mr. Burke
is at present out of the city, but his an
swer to the statements concerning him
in Mr. Crocker's letter Is made in the
following telegram:
HOTEL, COKONADO, Cal., Feb. 15.— 1
never told Henry Crocker, or any other
one. thut The Call did the Wine Associa
tion Injustice. I did not writ* and have
not read the article complained of. When
directed by The Call to see Thomas, the
lawyer, I went to the law office with Mr.
Crocker, who went there to square him
self, and simply remarked that if The
Call had misquoted any one it would see
the matter straight.
HUGH ML BURKE.
The Call takes no partisan view of
the unfortunate controversy between
the Wine Makers' Corporation and the
California Wine Association. It would
like to see the two bodies working to
gether in harmony for the welfare of
that important industry of the State,
and has therefore an interest in bring
ing about a settlement of their differ
ences, but no interest whatever in their
contests. It sought the interview with
Mr. Crocker for no other object than
of obtaining information concerning
the outlook for wine prices. That in
formation it desired for the instruction
of the general public, as the subject is
one of considerable Importance to a
large number of people.
Neither the city editor of The Call
nor the reporter sent out on the detail
knew anything about the Kohler case.
Mr. Crocker was not asked anything
about it. He volunteered the informa
tion and gave it as an essential portion
of his interview, because he made it the
basis of his argument that the affairs
<>f the association have been "steadily
on the decline." To have omitted it
fmm the interview would have been
to remove the whole foundation of
many of his most important state
ments.
The Call has given Mr. Crocker
every opportunity to set himself right.
It has offered to correct anything which
he would expressly assert to have been
in error in the report of his talk. It
has offered to publish any statement
he would make on the subject. He has
declined both offers, and has given no
explanation except to say "I have
talked too much." Now he has taken
to writing letters which make the mat
ter worse. He that talks too much gets
one foot in it and has trouble, but he
that writes too much gets in it with
both feet and is lost.
State-
That
LON AGNEW'S PBESTIGE.
Will Be Tested To-Morrow Before the
Acme Club in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Feb. 15.— The Acme Club
has arranged for some lively boxing at
its gymnasium to-morrow evening, and
some skillful talent will be on hand. The
most interesting match will probably be
that between Lon Agnew and Joe Kane
of San Francisco. For some time past it
has been the general opinion that Ag-
JOE KANE. Who Will Test Lon A ff new.
new's days as a fighter were over, but
his friends deny this and assert that he
will bear out their confidence in him to
morrow night. Kane is acknowledged to
be a good subject for Ix)n to meet.
Frod Muller will also meet Kid Parker
of Boston. Muller is the youngster who
had a very lively go at the exposition
with Charlie Tye. Kane and Agnew are
to meet for six rounds at catch weights,
and Muller and Parker are to fight eight
rounds.
There will also be some good prelimin
aries between some lively amateurs.
PHILANTHROPIC
WOMEN LACKING
Mrs. Uliza Wolfenden's Unfav
orable Comparison of
Oakland.
Officers and Directors Elected, Re
ports Read and Luncheon
Served.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 16.
The Young Woman's Christian Asso
ciation celebrated its twenty-first anni
versary to-day in its home on Frank
lin street. The following board of direc
tors was elected: Mrs. P. D. Browne,
Mrs. William Gregory, Mrs. D. W. C.
Gregory, Miss E. Wolfenden, Miss C. J.
Bacon, Mrs. \V. A. H. Graves, Mrs. W.
E. Sharon, Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrs. Ansoa
Barstow, Mrs. S. G. Chamberlain and
Mrs. J. M. Hinkle. The following officers
were re-elected: President, Mrs. P. D.
Browne; recording secretary, Mrs. Eliza
Wolfenden; financial secretary. Miss C.
J. Bacon; treasurer, Mrs. Barstow.
Mrs. Wolfenden, the secretary, in mak
ing her annual report, emphasized the
fact that the ladiec of Oakland did not
give the organization the support that
they should. She compared the work in
this city with that of Cambridge, Mass.,
a place a little under in population. Last
year, with the membership at $1, the in
come in the East was $1052 last year, and
$77 in this city. This the secretary held
to be a slur upon the good name of the
city and one that should not be allowed
to remain. She said Oakland was not
lacking in noble women who are given
AUCTION SALE.
Thoroughbreds in Training
PROPERTY OF
MESSRS. BURNS &WATERHOUSE
Comprising CASPAR, ALMA, COCEMZA. LOS-
SETTE. BURMAII. OOCINA, 15. S- W., OSRIO
I 11, GLACIER. SALSBURY 11. BLITZ, MA-
: LAY, PRINCE BLAZES. BULLETIN. SIXU
| WIKO, MISTLETON, SYI3AKIS (late Thorpe).
PUBLIC AUCTION
AT 12 M., ON
SATURDAY, February 19, 1898,
; OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Catalogues ready.
KILLIP & CO.. Auctioneers,
1 11 Montgomery ytreet. San Francisco.
to philanthropic enterprises, such as sup
porting a home where girls, homeless and
parentless, may go and be cared for and
given healthy environments.
There are 106 younp women In the home
paving 1 their way, which makes th<-- home
self-supporting. The employment bureau
has given work to 113 young women and
found homes for ffve during tho year
past. Three of the annual members have
died during the year. The donors to tha
institution during the past year were Mr.
and Mrs. Anson Bnrstow, Gns Light and
Heat Company. Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrs.
E. Hutchison. Mrs. T. W. Morgan. Mrs.
T. R. Beck, Mrs. A. Stone, Mrs. D. \V.
C, (iaskill. Mrs. A. C. Henry. Mrs. Wil
liam Gregory, Mrs. J. M. Halstead, Mrs.
J. M. Page, Mrs. E. H. BurbanK", 3iM
McClure, Miss McLellan. Mrs. J. Moir,
Miss Violet Wakefield, Miss Davis. Mrs.
W. A. Jacobs. Mrs. Reese B. Thompson
and Mrs. William Kirk.
The treasurer reported receipts from
boarders, $3964 50; legacy from Mrs. H. G.
Noyes, $1500; annual membership fees,
$77; year book. $7". The total disburse
ments were $4546 50. Of this $3146 35 wai
for household expenses, $600 for salary of
matron and secretary; $208 for papering
and tinting, $143 65 for taxes and $157 2*
for new carpets. The new year finds
them with $1007 94 on hand, which is over
$800 more than they had a year ago.
A luncheon was served and the after
noon spent In a social way. Mrs. Browna
gave some views gathered in the East
and was followed by Miss Eatery, Mlsg
E. M. Holbrook and Miss Cozier.
§< I>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■l9 2 fl lEAK3rirsT1 EAK3rirsT - Established
I irV" 1 1854 for the treatment of private
W Dlseiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Ok disease wearingon bodyand mind and
uHHIH bkln Diseases. 'l'hedoctorcureswheii
Mothers fail. Try him. Chiircr«*s low.
ft! C'nreiEuarantrfd. Callorwrlte.
nr. j. F. UIBBO.V, Beg 11037. 5 an Frandg<:o.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
The New and Elegant Steamship
COTTAGE CITY
WILL SAIL FROM BROADWAY WHARF
SATURDAY - - FEB. 19, 4 P. M.
for juneau. DOUGLAB ISLAND. sitka.
: mar; ' ISLAND. ketchikan. LORING.
wrangel AND killisnoo,
■ . via SEATTLE. ...
(Passengers for Dyea and Skaguay trans-
ferred at Juneau to Steamer Wolcott.)
The Magnificent 3000-ton Iron Steamship
/\USXR/\LI/\
WILL SAIL FROM BROADWAY WHARF
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 2 P.M.
FOR SKAGUAY, DYEA, JUNEAU AND
DOUGLAS ISLAND, ALASKA, VIA
SEATTLE.
Passengers booked through on this steamer
without transfer. Fine passenger accommoda-
tions. , Plenty of room for dogs.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery itrtat,
Palace Hotel.
- GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
PACIHC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Eteamers leave Broadway wharf, "ja>»a-
San Francisco, as follows: £&3SBt
For ports in Alaska. 10 a. m.. Feb. 5, 10. 20,
26, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
eend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Nsw Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m.. Fob. 5, 10, 15. 20, 26, and every fifth day
thereafter, < connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., .at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m.. Feb. 13. 19. 25, March 3, 9, 15.
21, 27, and every sixth day thpreaftpr.
i For Banta Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (Ban Luis Obtspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa .Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, .San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ar>4
Newport. 9 a. m., Feb. 2. G. 10, 14. 18, JJ, M,
and every fourth day thereafter. !
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford CSan Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), H
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa ,' Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m.. March t.
April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to chan;«
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnurs of salllnp.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery st. . • ,
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO : .
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. -!
FARF *'2 First Clas* Including BertV
TAJUJ - f9 6econd ci« and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF RATLTNGS:
State of California ........Jan. 23, Feb. S, IS, 21
Columbia.:: .........Jan. 2S, Feb. 7. ,17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to alt
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. ■
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
PHWIIIIifI S. 8. AUSTRALIA.
3|| fIUIL for HONOLULU only.
•■£■■ "^ Thursday, February
m^j^-^. 17, at 2p. ra. Special
3vfMn^hin&) .•'■■ party s a s. MARTPOSA'
JsftyflNluV The ss - MARIPOSA
QfIWIIIJ.II}/ 1 ' , a ii s via HONOLULU
/Bf[|R?l!?U- anrt AI'CKLAND for
lVll!f;UI«lB Wednesday.
February 23. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa. ■ • • ■■-
]. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st.. San Francisco^
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqas.
. ■ French Line to Havre.
Company's n»r inew>, U North r-yiw
Blver, foot ot : "orton st. Travelers <^?rn>
by this line avoid both transit by •Sm-eamm
English railway and the dlu.-omfort of crossing
the channel in '. a . small boat. New York ta
Alexandria, Egypt, via i'^rls. first class |l«d.
cecond class $116. "-,:'■
LA BRBTAGNE December 11. 19 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18. 10 a. nv
t£ NORMANDIB December 25. 16 a. m.
bA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. Ok
UL BREiTAGNE.. ........ ..January t. 10 a. <«
F*r further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
-"■ No. S, Bowling Green, New Tort
: 3. T. FUOAZI ft CO.. Agents, S Montgom«rj|
ate., San Francisco. .. -' . ;
STOCKTON steamers
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
•:•-• p. m. Doily. - " ; -
FREIGHT RKCKIViJU -lif TO 3:» P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telepUon*. -
The only line selling through tickets and glv«
ing through freight rates to all points on tlta
Valley Railroad. BTEAMERB:
*^T . /. _- BTEAMBR3;
MARY GARRATT, 3. D. OF BTOL'kIOM.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTOW.
Telephone Main 808 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso loaves Plerl dally (Sundays ; .
•xcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
•xeeptcd) at 6 p. m. Freight and Passengers. ■
: Fare > between San Francisco and Alviso. Wo;
to Ban Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier L 41 Nortk
First tttr—t.'. Baa Joee^ ; ; ■•.:■■■.;•«■■■■•-. --;-;■"..--
m U. S. NAVY-YABD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Mon ticello" •
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on ■;■ February 1, and < resume hef -
route on March ty. BATCH BROS. 7
910
HIT THE RING
FOR THOUSANDS
Roadwarmer's Winning
the Most Successful
Coup of the Season.
Four Winning Favorites Also
Played Havoc With the
Bookmakers.
Torsidsi Defeated Her Field Handily.
Mahogany Ran Second at
Odds of 230 to 1.
The "syndicate" unloaded a steam
ing hot one on the betting ring at
Emeryville yesterday. The layers of
odds were taken unawares, for it came
off in the very first number on the
card. Among the sixteen starters was
the so-termed "half-breed" Road
warmer. The projectors of the coup
had such confidence in the sprinter
that they kept the name of his rider
in the background until the last min
ute, and then gave out that Joe
Weber, an obscure jockey, was to do
the piloting. The ring proved easy
game. The bookies couldn't stand for
Joe and laid 15 to 1 against his mount.
The Daly entry Distinction looked
pretty good, especially so as Conley
had the leg up, and they reached out
for the Roadwarmer money and got it
in large packages. Sickly looking men
In the last stages of tubercolosis sud
denly became possessed of twenty-dol
lar pieces; messenger boys, bamboo
artists and seedy looking individuals
-who. looked as though a square meal
•would give them Klondicitis were all
jumbled together in the ring trying to
get some of that 15 to 1. The price
finally fell to 8. The start was a good
one, with the "good thing" showing
out in front. He was never headed
and, trailed throughout by the favor
ite, won by less than a length. It was
currently reported that anywhere from
57000 to $10,000 was taken from the
ring.
The bookmakers had a hard time of
it throughout the afternoon. ' Four
heavily played first choices reached the
wire in front, and it is more than jike
ly there will be several absentees from
the block at to-day's cut In.
San Augustine was considered by
form students about the best of the
peven starters in the two-year-old
pcramble, and closed in the betting a
plight choice over the Burns & Water-
Jiouse entry, Malay. Thorpe on the lat
ter was cut off soon after the start, but
again took the lead in the stretch, win
ning cleverly from the first choice. In
a nose finish for the show honors The
Miller gained the decision over Foxey.
In the seven-furlong run, with but
four facing the barrier, Torsida with
"Skeets" Martin in the saddle ruled
favorite in the betting, and. catching
Lord Marmion in the home run, downed
theSt. Carlo colt handily at the wire by
over two lengths in 1:27 flat. Morellito
was hustled along too fast the first part
by Thorpe and was an indifferent third.
The mile and a sixteenth event, de
cided under selling conditions, was
taken rather handily by the favorite,
Rey del Tierra. Sent out in front from
the start by Clawson, Purser's horse
made all the running and led Lena past
the judges more than a length. Lost
Oirl ran a remarkably good race, fin
ishing a close third.
The muchly scratched out Chihuahua,
Instead of backing up In the betting,
ivas played down yesterday, and did
not forget to bring home the goods.
Pent over to the post an 8 to 5 favorite
for the five and a half furlong sprint,
the gelding was in front from the first
jump, and, hard ridden at the end, fin
ished less than a length before the 250
to 1 chance Mahogany, with McDonald
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track-92nd day of the Win
ter Meeting, Tuesday, Feb. 15, 1898. Weather fine. Track fast.
KOfi FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
477 Roadwarmer, 5 104! 8
(664) Distinction, 4 1041 1
663 Aluminum, 3 941 8
570 Dolore. 4 104! 2
659 Koenlgen, 4 ft<Mlo
453 Chappie, 4 108 11
672 Rockefeller, 4 98J 8
6tt Harry Gwynn. 4.... 112; 14
571 Emma D. a .107115
552 Pat Murphy, 6 104 5
620 Silver State, a 107i13
6^2 Magnus. 3 94:12
... Mocorito, 3 90! 7
... Mary Tobln, 3 107] 16
583 Little T. G.. 3 871 9
(344) Roxey Murphy, g... 941 4
1%
2 1
6 4
. 6 h
10 4
7 4
11 1
14
8%
4 h
18 H
15 6
3 1
IS
9 h
12 1
1 1
2 1
3 h
9 Ml
10 4
7 2
82
11 1
12
6 h
13
5 Ml
4 h
15
14
16
1%
2 2
3 1
4 h
5 1
6 2
7 1«i
8 2
9 1
10 2
11 14
12 1
13 2
14 3
15 2
16
Joe Weber ...
Conley
Woods
Spencer
McDonald ...
Jones
Stevens j
McHugh
Ruiz
Clawson
Tunervtlle ...
10
8-5
8
8
10
6
60
15
50
6
10
30
60
50
15
30
6
7-5
12
8
10
12
100
20
100
8
12
60
100
100
15
60
Cameron .....
Holmes .....'..
Mooney
McNlchols ...
Devin |
Time. 1:154. Winner, T. H. McGowan's b. g. by Frank Rhoades-Dell.
Won first three driving.
Good Btart.
.CrCk'T SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
566 Malay If
566 San Augustine li
654 The Miller 1(
585 Foxey i:
... Crossmolina V.
... La Paresseuse V.
... Weasel l:
1
2
5
3
4
6
7
6 12
2 4
4 24
l 14
3 h
7
6 h
4 14
2 1
3 h
1 24
6 8
7
6 h
1 14
2 1%
3 ns
4 C
6 20
6 h
7
Drpe
Sloan
Nichols ...
Hugh
iley j
wson .....
ig .........
3-2
2
8
20
8
12
30
8-5
8-5
8
20
8
20
60
Time, :43. Winner, Burns & Water-house's br. c. by Imp. Pirate of Penzance-Miss
Thomas. Good start. Won cleverly.
KOO THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
686 Torslda
505 Lord Marmlon :
676 Morellito :
555 Approbation
Time. 1:27. Winner,
4
2
1
3
2 n
UH
3 3»4
4
2 n
,11 v
8 1
4
m
3 2
4
2 2
1 2
8 %.
4
12%
2 7
8 8
4
. Martin ...
:>nley
horpe
Connor ....
6-5 13-10
2 11-5
2 11-5
100 100
Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. t. by Torso-Judith. Good start. Won easily.
CQQ FOURTH Ri
UUI/» purse. $400.
Index. Horses. Weli
; four-year-olds and upward;
568 Rey del Tierra. 4. ..1041 1 12 124 124 1 1 12 114 Clawaon .
565 Lena, 4 101 4 6n «14 5 h 2n 62 2n McDonald
5!>5 Loßt Girl. 4 102 2 2 4 2h 2h 314 2 h 3 4 E. Jones .
660 Don Clarencio, 4....109 3 4h 6h 624 6 8 414 ** Conley ...
682 Lucky Star. 4 101 8 6Mi *% 82 6h 8h 61 McNichols
676 Mamie Scott, 6 104 78 7h 4Vi *h 68 625 Gray
607 Starling, a 104 6 7%8 8 8 8 78 1. Powell
4SI Pescador, a 1091 5 3 h 31 74 74 78 8 Frawley .
Time, 1:47%. Winner, E. W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee.
Won handily.
568 Rey del Tierra. 4... 1041 1
665 Lena, 4 101 4
5!>5 Lost Girl. 4 102 2
650 Don Clarencio, 4 109 3
682 Lucky Star. 4 101 8
676 Mamie Scott, 6 104 7
607 Starling, a 104 6
4SI Pescador, a 109) 5
. 1 2
6 n
2 4
4 h
6 4
8
3^
3Jj
124 124 11 12
<14 5h 2 n 62
2 h 2h 314 2 h
6 h 624 6 8 4 4
* %. 82 6h 8h
7 h 44 * h 68
8 8 8 8
3174 7 4 7 8
1 1%
2 n
3 4
4 4
6 1
6 25
7 8.
8
iwson
Donald ...
8-5 «-8
... 7 8
6 15
6 4
... 15 30
3 4
.... 100 250
60 100
Good start.
Jones
iley
Nichols ...
iy ■.....;..'.
Powell ....
iwley ]
£*{\(\ FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
\J \J\Jm purse, $350.
654 Chihuahua, 3 88
678 Mahogany, a 103
433 Don't Skip Me. 4... 102
564 Mount Roy, a 103
... Eaklns, 4.... 99
636 Ping, 3 91
411 Sport McAllister. 6.103
682 May R, 4 97)
572 Hlmera, 3 86
f.72 Agnes Tobln, 3 86j
178 Fly, a 103|
t
5
4
S
s
7
I 9
10
11
1_
6
14
86
8 1%
9 S
2 n
7 ft
« 4
11
10 2
52
4 h
1 h
9 4
iS
3 S
8 4
4 h
11
10 2
m
.. i % i %
61 2H
sr S h
64 « n
8n 5 > 4
7 H * 6 4
4 4 ■ 7 1 :.
9 2 8 2.
10 2 9 2
8 1 10 1
11 11
mwson
icDonald ...
. Martin ...
ulz
'Connor ....
'oods
8-5
. 50
11-5
59
5
10
: 8
30
60
30
8
8-5
100
5-2
100
10
20
10
100
20>J
50
6
übervllle ...
owett
ouillier
cNlchols ...
>c Weber ...
Time, 1:05. Winner, T. H. Casey's br. g. by Emperor of Norfolk-Esperanza. Good start
Won first three driving.
601.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlonpj; selling;
; purse, $300.
(560) Al, 4 :
609 Scotch Rose, 4 :
574 Walter J, 6 !
(•578) Sea Spray, 6 :
JGS Howard, a 1
571 Major Cook. 6 1
65 Satl^oy, S
420 Alvero, 6 1
470 Dlggs, a "
82 Elsmore, 3 ]
361 Lone Princess, 4 1
4,
I
5 -
6
9
8
3
10
I!
7
1
14
16.
6 h
■ 9 4
• vB%
7 2
3 1
10 h
11
4 h
5 n
2 8
1 7
rj
4 2
11
10 1
3 h
6 h
-2 7< -
■ 1 2
7 2.
I fl 2Mi
'6 h
8 Mi
4 2 ,
, 11 ' ;. -
10 h
3 n
6H >
In
2 1%
3 2
4 h
' C H':
6 h
7«4 : .
5 2
9 4 1 .
10 1
11
tiley
Martin ...
Donald ...
bervtlle ...
les
sneer
6-2 2
5-2 7-2
20 25
10 15
12 10
7 9
50 100
20 15
7 6
12 15
8 10
iz ..........
iwson ..... j
rsey |
orpe
n Kuren ..
Time, 1:144. Winner, J. Whltten's b. g. by Al Farrow-Reasonore,
Pogr start. Won
up. Don't Skip Me, the second choice,
was a tired third.
Tom Ryan's fast sprinter Al won the
final race of the day, a six-furlong
Bpin. Closing in the betting a 2 to 1 fa
vorite over a field of ten, the big horse
gradually wore down the lead taken by
the flying Scotch Rose, and at the end
won easily. Walter J finished in the
show.
TRACK ITEMS.
The stewards of the California Jockey Club
will hold a meeting on Friday night.
The probable starters, with their pilots. In
the Thornton four-mile stake, on Saturday,
are: Judge Denny, Thorpe; Garland Barr, Con
ley; Marplot, Woods; The Bachelor, W. Mar
tin, and Wawona, with Clawson in the saddle.
The following are the subscribers to th« fund
for the benefit of the family of the late W. I*
Fitzpatrick: California Jockey Club, »500; Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, $100; Burns & Water
house, $50; J. H. McCormick, $50; D. Gideon,
$50; Tod Sloan, $25; H. Martin, $25; R. Claw
eon, $2o; E. Jones, $10; Winnie O'Connor, $10;
Frank Brown. $25; cash. $20; Conley, $20;
Charles Thorpe, $25; W. J. Spiers, $10; Frank
Ireland, $10; M. A. Hughes, $25; cash, $5; E.
Purser. $20; D. Lynch, $5; A. J. Stemler, $5; E.
J Powers, $5; R. Speakeman. $20; W. Wood,
$6: D. A. Honlg. $5: W. P. Magrane, $5; J. J.
Carter, $5; Joseph A. Murphy, $5; Sam Hil
dreth, $20; Frank Phillips. $'.; AtkUis & Lott
ridge, $25; J. S. Campbell. $20; B. J. Johnston,
$5; C. Pleasant. $10; E. F. Smith, $5; Caesar
Toung. $20; J. M. Murphy, $5; Lonnle Clayton,
$5; George Rose, $10; W. Applegate Jr.. $20;
Eokert * Co.. $20; P. E. Riley. $25; Dr. H. E.
Rowell, $10; H. L. Jones. $10; W. B. Jennings,
$10; Sam Summer-field. $10: T. W. Coulter, $10;
H Hoffman, $10; J. S. Ferguson. $26; W. M.
Beverly, $10; M. Blumenthai, $20; H. J. Levy,
$10; H. M. Mason. $5: H. T. Griffin. $10; J. A.
Wheelock. $25; E. M. Games. $10; G. Quinn,
$10; J. B. Coleman. $10; Matt Storn. $20; W. J.
Kittleman. $5; F. J. Klttleman. $5; B. C. Holly,
$5- T. Fox. $5: A. J. Blakely, $f>: M. Redon. $5;
\V. Martin. $50: G. W. Tuthill. $10; cash, $1 60.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
olds.
542 Ordago 107 1 M 2 Sing Wing 112
590 Joe Levy 104 560 Loumont 102
564 Rosa 102' 683 Contado 107
660 Ockturuck 109 572 Oahu 102
553 Itlomenus 104 465 Rose Maid 102
GOO Asnes Tobln ...102 567 Searchlight 112
553 Scintillate 102
Second Race — Fuur furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
579 Semicolon 101 1 691 Master Buck ...101
555 Odd Eyes 1041 554 E. Come lUS
655 Ellen Wood 104! 579 Rainier 9S
... Wheat King ....10S! 666 Prince Will ....101
579 La Condlsa 98 1
Third Race—One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
554 Catawba 92 : 659 Draught 103
593 Imperious 92 571 Charlotte M 83
631 Dally R. Form.. S2: 593 Highland Ball.. 90
46S Veloz 10<)! ...Carter D 97
;".:.9 Judge Stouffer..lo4 : 564 Paso Tempo ...102
570 Gotobed SBi 692 Novia 83
590 Yule 971
Fourth Race — One and a quarter miles; Oak
land Handicap; all ages.
559 Los Prietos 9Si 687 Ostler Joe 123
569 Eddie Jones 103 i 693 Argentina 105
6SI Palomacita 90
Fifth Race — One mile; "The Bostonian Spe
cial"; four-year-olds and upward.
557 Libertine 90 1(260) Ho ward Mann.. 90
593 Paul Griggs .... W ... Robair 90
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
olds.
584 Royal Prize ...109 ! 583 Flandes 112
690 Ravalette 1071 560 Fallen Princess. lo2
572 Eroica 107 i 600 Himera 107
6f<2 Town Topics ...1091 ... Baracan 107
553 Forest Guard ..109 1 452 Texarkana 112
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race ldomenus. Joe Levy, Loumont.
Second Race— Odd Eyes, E. Come, Semi
colon.
Third Race— Highland Ball. Imperious, Novtt. j
Fourth Race— Ostler Joe, Argentina, Palo- J
macita.
Fifth Libertine, Paul Griggrs, Howard
Mann.
Sixth Race— Town Topics, Flandes, Rayal
ette. ____^___—^
Asthma&Bronchitiscured.No paytlll cured.Dr.
Gordlns'Sanitarium.sl4Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Shelter Home for Boys.
The Salesian Fathers, who have charge |
of the Catholic Church of Sts. Peter and
Paul, corner of Filbert and Dupont j
streets, are laying the foundations for a
home for the poor boys of the northern i
part of the city. The institution will i
be conducted on the most philanthropic
lines, as while a place will be provided
for the amusement, recreation and in
struction of the boys, no fees will be
charged. To properly equip and fur- j
nish the home will be a matter of some j
expense, and in order to provide for this I
an entertainment will be held in Sher
man&Clay Ha 11 ,223 Sutter street, to-mor
row evening.
Under a New Name.
The owners of the foreign-built barken
tine Sharpshooter have received permis-
slon from the Treasury Department to
place the vessel under American regis
try under the name of Ruth.
To Cure Headache l n '5 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr & Mrs Beacham, IMiss S Morris N J
Pennsylvania ' Mrs Waterbury, N V
5 Rorrick, Ariz iC R Rosenberg, N V
i J R Mitchell. B C I Miss Bingham, N V
i H O Penick. lowa JW Williams, Sacto
Mrs H O Penick. la C R Russell, Kans Cy
J O Ellis, Butte T Swiss. N V
| Mrs J O Ellis. Butte S Johnson, N V
Mrs D Ferguson, Utah V Conn. Del
Miss Barton, Utah IE H McCratey. Del
F L Basque, Bodie !Mrs McCratey Del
Mrs F L Basque, Bod: Mrs W W Bell. Pa
H M Landsberger, Ala Miss Lf-dyard, S Jose
Miss S Beacham, Pa C W McArthur. Texas
Miss M D Latta, Pa B M Hixon. Texas
R D McGonnlgle, Pa Mrs Hlxon, Texas
w. R Halpen, Pa E W Wilcox & s, Wls
Mrs H Romaln. N J G F Talbot. Nev
Miss V .<.ash, N J p Lowe, Chicago
Mrs C Plack. NY AW Foster, S Rafael
Capt Blaus, Baltimore Mrs Foster. San Raefl
J B Finnlngs, N J
GRAND HOTEL.
6 A Kitchener, Cal T D King, Reno
2 D Ludwlf, Marlposa'j Allright, Watsonvilla
O W Curran. St Louis 6 C Connell, Merced
jfc Bernhelm, Sacto C Radcliffe, Merced '
A T Withe, Chicago jH E Flummer, Lathrp
T Wack, New Brlghtn|D Ray, Gait
J R Bradshaw, Cal Capt W W Gray, Cal
M J Reynolds, Mllford C Armstrong, San Jose
J Lynch, San Jose iw C Waters, Salinas
E C W Bird. CaJ |A Brown, Napa
Mrs W Sullivan. Cal B J Horanson & w.Cal
E E Church, Brooklyn L> E Hawley & w, Cal
A A Knowlton, Mass ! R A Brownlee & w.Cal
P G Borston, Alaska JW J McNamara, Cal
W G Henshaw, OaklndE J Musto, Stockton
J H Low, Cal |C J Jones, Stockton
G A McElfresh. Cal jMrs E Shelby Portland
T H Barnard, Chieo !B J Excel! &w. 11l
L C Oilman, Seattle IE H Gabriel & w, 111
C Gagley, St Louis iMlss Gabriel. 11l
L D Jacks, Santa Rosa S Gambier, N M
V Turtelot. Pac Grove ; G B Graham. Fresno
J McKissick, Reno L L A yens. Eureka
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I C W Jones. Cal 1 1 Williams. San Jose
i Mrs C W Jones Cal 'Mrs RMAHousard.B J
j T E Keating, Pleas iP C Moore. San Joss
E R Gilford, Auburn M Posener. S Berdno
; W Purnell, Saoto JI P During. Kansas
L A Legg. San Jose JW E Crawley. Lockpt
! M E Harris. Oakland 3 C Klntie, Los Ang
iH W Glymore, N O Q Meyer, Antioch
i Mrs O Vienne Chlgo 'J B Frank, Denver
| L L Studdy. NY !J W Fuller. St Paul
: L Mary. San Jose 8 H Shoninger. Chgo
Mrs t'urln. Bannock .'J O Walker, Chicago
;<: Johnson. Oakland E J Caldwell. Helena
i Mrs A Anderson. Tac ! E L Marnion.S P R R
Miss M Pratt, P Alto A E Jones. San Jose
W R Taylor, Ltvmr 1 1 M Jones. San Jose
Mrs W R Taylor, LivlMr Milton. Siiusallto
J Moore, Sai-ramento Mrs Milton. Sausallto
T H Rose. Sficto M D Davis, Sta Rosa
R H McEleveen. X C J Magee, Vallejo
C B Jacobs, Los Ang I Mrs J Magee. Vallejo
; J McCudden. Vallejo F Bacon. Jackson
: Miss McCudden, ValjolF Elliott, Denver
I Miss Fitoh, Portland \ Marie Scott. Dlxon
V A Crane, Sierra ViJ O'Nell. Oakland
NEW WESTERN.
■ J B Lulder, Term ID O'Farrell. Omaha
J W Kvl<>, Portland iP Johnson, Fresno
A C Lages, Sacto C D Egert & w. Mo
! P Mayford, New YorkJ Edwards, Merced
P S Wood B C |C W Ward, Fresno
C Hoolbrook, Visalia |W McElroy, Chico
P J Nightengale, L A j Mrs Gourlng. Kansas
C Henderson, SRosa Mrs Raymond, Kans
Mrs Maxwell, S Lake S X Skinner, Cal
, C Anderson, Denver i H Thomas, Colo
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William H. Mays to Charlotte Schmlta. lot on
S line of Greenwich street, 100 E of Octavla,
E 25 by S 110; $300.
Edward Dillon Jr. to Isadora Dillon, lot on
E line of Webster street, 115 N of Sutter, N
22:6 by E 137:6; gift.
Margaret E. and John McCormick and Lillle
I. Mullln to David I. Mackey, all interest in
lot on S line of Oak street, 100 E of Broderick,
E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Gustav Hinrichs to Hattle S. Hinrichs, re
record of 172 T. d 309, lot on S line of Oak street,
106:3 E of Clayton. E 0:3 by S 137:6; gift.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Thomas Will
lam Butcher, lot on SE corner o£ Waller and
Cole streets, S 33:9 by E 95; $10.
Louis E. Volke to Mathilda Volke, lot on S
line of Elizabeth street, 75 W of Vlcksburg, W
25 by S 114; gift.
Thomas H. Noonan to John M. Noonan, lot
on N line of Army street, 160 W of Diamond,
W 50 by X 114; gift.
Paul and Louisa Oesting to Peter O'Coui.or,
lot on SW line of Russ street, 160 SE o£ How
ard, SE 25 by SW 100; $10.
R. Beverly and Eugenia I. Colt to Mary E.
MoHugh, lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue,
214:4 S of Lake street, N 33:4, E 120, S 46:1, MV
120:7%; $10.
Amanda M. Goodwin (single) tr> Amanda M.
Goodwin (widow), undivided one-tenth of fol
lnwing: Lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue,
200 N of California street, W 120 by N 25; also
lot on W line Of Twenty-first avenue, 225 N of
California street, W 120 by N 25; also lot on W
line of Twenty-first avenue, 250 N of California
street. W 120 by N 25; also lot on W line of
Twenty-first avenue, 275 N of California street,
W 120 by N 25; also lot on E line of Webster
street, 30 S of Pacific, S a" by E 95; $10.
James A. and Chesste A. Goodwin to same,
undivided one-tenth Interest in same (five
pieces); $10.
Carrie E. Goodwin to same, undivided one
tenth interest In same: $10.
Robert H. Goodwin to same, undivided one
tenth interest In same; $10.
Henry Wadsworth to Julian Elsenbach. lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 175 N of D
street, N 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Nineteenth avenue, 200 N of D street, N 25 by
E 120: $10.
Solomon, Dora. Bernhard and Rose Getz to
H Fourness, lot on W line of Forty-eecond ave
nue, 175 S of Q street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Julius S. Arnheim. lot on W line of
Forty-second avenue, 200 S of Q street, S 25 by
W 120; $10.
Annie G. and Albert J. Caswell to Giovanni
Captagnetto, lot on NE line of Teneriffe (Fif
teenth) street, 225 NW of Supquehanna (N),
NW 7fi by NE 100. ON. & H. tract 291; $10.
Elizabeth Ravekes and Agnes Ford (wife of
Charles R.) to Margaret Ravekes, lots 1 to 6,
block 6. Flint tract Homestead; $10.
John and Sophie Jehl to Katie Muller. lots
94 and 95 in block hounded by ToWn, Visita
clon. Peabody and Talbert streets, Ben Frank
lin Homestead: $10.
E B Stonehfil to l>wis Gerstle. lot on S line
of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Steiner, E 55 by S
' Patrick C. McFadden to Catherine McFadden.
lot on S line of Turk street, 82:6 W of Pierce,
W 27:6 by S 95; gift.
Frederick J. or Frederick and Alberta R.
Hood to James Frazer. lot on N line nf Turk
street, 25 W of Wlllard, W 25 by N 100; $5.
James F. and Leonard F. Stevens •!■ C.
Bigelow and A. A. Smith, trustees of Savings
and Loan Society) to Savings and Loan So
ciety 1625 d 253, lot on N line of Twenty
first" street, 205 E of Noe, E 50 by N 114, trus
tee' s deed; $1400.
Maggie Egan (wife of William F.) to Jeroma
Donovan, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 25
E of Alabama. E 25 by S 104: $10.
Mn.rcus S., Corinne S., Joseph and Florence
S Koshland to Max Blum, lot on N line of
California street, 91:8 E of Drumm, E 38: l»/ 2 ,
NE 9:5, N IH:11V>. "W 45:10, £> 137:6; also lot on
SW corner of Broadway and Franklin stret, W
125 by S 35:6: also property in outside coun
ties; also all interest in estate of Simon
Koshland, J. Koshland & Co., S. Koshland &
Co.; $5.
Max Blum to Joseph, Abraham ajid Marcus
S. Koshland of the firms of S. Koshland & Co.
and J. Koshland & Co., same; also property in
outside counties; $5.
Joseph and Marcus S. Koshland, Henry Sins
heimer and Abraham Haas (trustees of the
estate of Simon Koshland) to Joseph Koshland
et al., lot on N line of Pine street, 165 W of
Gough, W 55 by N 137:6; also lot 65, West End
Homestead Association; also property In out
side counties; $5.
Joseph Koshland et al. to Rosine Koshland
(widow of Simon), same (three descriptions);
Rosine Koshland to Marcus S. Koshland and
Henry Slnsheimer, lot 65, West End Home
stead Association; also property In outside
counties; $5.
Alameda County.
Walter and Ada H. Gale to Villa Wiley, lot
on E line of Benvenue avenue, 98.32 N of Par
ker street, N 49.16 by E 159.4R, being lot 20,
block A, HiHegass tract, map 3, Berkeley; $100.
M. L. Wurts to Rebecca Wurts, lots 1 to 24,
28 to 36, map of subdivided lots 12, 13 and 14.
a portion of lot 11, corrected map of Snyder
Homestead tract, Berkeley; gift.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Christian Raymaker, lot 21 and S 5 feet of lot
22, block C, Frultvale Terminal tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Alexander Heyneman to George Cumminj,
undivided half Interest In lot on NE corner of
East Fourteenth and Howard streets, N 200
by E 140, being a portion of Oak Tree Farm
tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
William K. Wallace to Mary L. McNamee,
1 acre beginning at the most E corner of 4
acre tract of William K. Wallace, by deed
of January 15, 1879, thence NW 7.46 chains, SW
1.343 chains, SE 7.46 chains, NE 1.343 chains to
beginning, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles E. Palmer to Edward Hackett, lot
on S line of Fourteenth street, 150 E of Mad
ison, E 50 by S 109, block 197, Oakland; $5.
D. C. and Virginia D. Wilhelm to Theresa
Hausmann, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh
or Park street, 22:6 W of West, W 5 by S 85,
block 2020, WJiitcher tract, map 2, Oakland:
flO.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to O. 3. Or
rlck, lot on NW burner of Eleventh and Fal
lon streets, W 60 by N 100. block 166, Oakland;
subject to a mortgage for $47r>0; $10.
John and Apollonla Slavich to Rebecca
Wurts, wife of Myron L. Wurts, lot on NW
corner of Prospect avenue and McClure street,
W 104 by N 50, lot 12 McClure Academy
Grounds, Oakland; $10.
C. W. and Jennie Ormsby to Helen E. Hugh
son, lot on E line of Harrison street. 1143 N of
Twelfth, E 150 by N 39, being a portion of
Alice Park property, Oakland; subject to deed
of trust: $10. Also lot on E corner of Nine
teenth avenue and E Twenty-seventh, SE 250
by NE 140, block 92, Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Albert E. and Alice E. Fake to William H
Gregory, lot on SW line of East Nineteenth
street, 260 NW of Twenty-third avenue, NW 40
by SW 150, block B, subdivision 50 Associates'
tract. East Oakland; $10.
August and Mary Übhoff to John Focha, lot
beginning at a point in NE line of San Le
andro road, which point Is formed by inter
section of said road line with NW line of X
street, thence NE 200 by NW 110, being lot 1
and portion of lot 2, block A. Hayward tract
Eden Township: grant.
Thomas A. and Catharine Creliln to Betty T.
Henshaw (wife of W. G.),"10t on NW corner of
Thirteenth and 'Jackson streets, W 166.23 by N
100, block 195, Oakland; also a strip of land 2.12
wide, lying between above described property
and fence bordering Jackson street, Oakland;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Tuesday, . February 16.
Btmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle.
" DOMESTIC PORTS.
I USAL—Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Newsboy, hence
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 16— Stmr Alliance, for
Orca. . . r^:,-:-' '-- ____^____^_^^
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery < jj£_^
No. 16, K. T.— Officers and members mi
of this commandery are hereby ordered [Uj
to assemble at the Asylum THIS
DAY (Wednesday), February 16, at 1 o'clock.
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late f rater. JOHN G. EDMONDSON.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
3OLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■ m
A. M. — Officers and members are re- _JV_
quested to assemble at the Temple TKJT
THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOON. fyr^.
February 16, at 1:30 o'clock, to conduct the
funeral of our late brother, JOHN G. ED-
MONDSON.
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. fl
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- Ji
DAY) EVENING, February 16, at 7:30 ]%jK
o'clock. Second degree. '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS EVENING at II
at 7:30 o'clock. Second Degree. lK.3f
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. '^* x
MOUNT Mortah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) A
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second TK V
Degree. /V>
, THEODORE FROLICH, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— Attend i£±
meeting TO-NIGHT. C^
THE PRESIDENT. X
THE regular meeting of the SAN a
FRANCISCO BRICKLAYERS' ASSO- R ■
£ I A TION wUI be held THIS (WED- .. r .
NESDAY) EVENING, February 16, &\.-J®f .
B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy St.. at 8 o'clock. >*r{
*ull attendance requested. Business *W*
of importance. ■
E. J. BRANDON, Pre«.
ANNUAL MEETING-The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar company will be held at the office or
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco
n&* °" TUBBDAJ. the Ist day of Maroh.
189 S. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on bAiURDAY. February 26, at 12 o'clock m
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50. and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary at., room 11.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor at.
DIVIDEND NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend TjoT^lTTflfty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, March 1, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday, February 23, IS9B,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share) of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st., on and after Monday, Feb-
ruary 21, 18S8. Transfer books will close on
Tuesday, February 15. 189 S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS \VA.MHI)-lEMAI,E.
SCANDINAVIAN hotel cook, American hotel
cook, wants engagement in country. Ad-
dress C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.;
phone, Grant ISS.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurso or housework: $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation: 3'^ years in last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED woman, with girl 4 years, desires
situation; best reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
DANISH first-class cook; 2 years last place;
understands all branches cooking. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st ; tel. Green 721.
A FEW excellently recommended and compe-
tent general house servants (German and
Canadian) ready for work. The Ladles' Se-
lect and Modern Eastern Exchange and
Reference Bureau, managed by ladles, 1023
Market st.
WANTED— Experienced, respectable woman,
with 4-year-old child, will do housework and
cooking for $12 to $15 a month; gfood cook;
neat and thorough worker; competent to
take entire charge of work in small family;
country' preferred. Address MRS. R. ELD-
RIDGE, Dwightway Station, Berkeley.
BY middle-aged Boston lady, the care of an
aged couple, sick or well, or as housekeeper;
will be as careful of expenses as though per-
sonally responsible for them. Address H.,
932 Guerrero st.
"OMPETENT first ''Mass woman; good refer-
ences from RuBs House for first-class work;
also from others; good house-cleaner; willing
to do anything. 664V4 Howard st.
RELIABLE, refined German girl wishes situa-
tion to care for child; can give ladles German
lessons; also do fine embroidery. Address
1221 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day; washing, ironing and cleaning; is h.
good worker. 17 Bridge place, off Broadway.
YOUNG girl would like a situation to do light
housework or take care of children. Apply
228 Ritch St., between Bryant and Brannan.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
cooking and general housework; wages mod-
erate. Address box 1101. Call office.
YOUNG woman desires a position as working
housekeeper or to do plain mending. Address
126 Fourth St., room 21, second floor.
BY competent American lady, situation as
housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress box 1150, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to care for child;
good references. Call or address 2228 Pine.
L. G. LITTLE, 2200 Flllmore St.
GERMAN girl wants a place for cooking and
general housework. Call 356 Third st.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes place as
lunch cook. Address 1218 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted by young girl to do light
housework; take care of children. 464
Clementina st.
YOUNG woman wishes position In country to
do light housework; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Box 1144, Call Office.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
to do housework In small family; good plain
cook. 1559 Fifteenth st.
GOOD German cook wants situation; reference.
Call 1022 Larkin st.
VISITING governess; English branches and
music taught by a refined and competent
young lady. Call mornings at 2728 Pine st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation In private family;
would do housework in small famtly; first-
class cook; references. Apply 125 Julian aye.
AMERICAN lady wants housework by the day.
Call or address C, 212^4 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework and
plain cooking. Call at 47V6 Harrison «t.
WANTED— Position as saleslady in dry goods
store; 10 years In last store; no objection to
country- Address box 1152, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a lady with a child
as housekeeper in the country. Address 995
Market St., room 21.
YOUNG woman wishes housecleaning or wash-
ing by the day. Address 4844 23d st.
YOUNG girl to assist cooking and general
housework. Address 925 Harrison st.
GIRL wlßhes to do general housework. 2608
Mission St., near Twenty-second.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, city or coun-
try ; JS or $10 a month. 270 Minna st.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position U
CaU office. 318 Hayes iL
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued, i
RELIABLE elderly woman wants a position In
a small family; would make herself generally
useful; good home, moderate wages. Ad-
dress box 1127, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation; good
cook; washing and ironing. 1064 Third St.,
room 7.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; Is a first-class
fitter and designer; will work for $1 per
day. Address 19 Sixth st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
lng; good laundress and cook; $1 a day and
car fare. 442 Jessie St., near Sixth.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework or cooking in city or country;
wages $25. Call 106 Eddy St., room 37.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Fifth St., near Howard.
BY a refined, intelligent young Englishwoman,
a situation as lady's companion or nursery
governess; best of references furnished. Ad-
dress S., Russ House.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes work by
the day; $1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth
St., room 33.
YOUNG German woman, good cook and baker,
whose husband Is employed during the day,
would exchange services for board for both.
Box 1136, Call office.
TWO young ladles, experienced In making up
medicine chests for Klondike, desire situa-
tions. Box 1139, Call office.
OMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework, city or country; kind to
children; good cook and plain laundress.
Call 245 Minna st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants general house-
work by the day in respectable families; ex-
cellent laundress, cook or housecleaner. Ad-
dress D. A., box 10S0, Call office.
IRESSMAKER desires engagements by the
day; all kinds of family sewing; flrst-class
work. Box 1099, Call office.
YOUN'fl woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
st.. room 1.
SITUATION.! \V.4.\ 'I'KU- MAI.lu.
WOODSMEN and mill hands of all kinds can
be had at once at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S,
108 Geary st.
JAPANESE Employment Office— Best help and
Northern Housecleaning Company. 18US Polk
st. Telephone Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614% California st. ; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 6os.
SITUATION wanted— Man, young, single, as
gardener (flower and vegetable), milker, etc.;
best of references. Address box 1148, Call.
WANTED— Situation around private place by
middle-aged man; good horseman and groom
and careful driver; best city references. Ad-
dress box 1149, Call office.
YOUNG, sober. Industrious Swede wants work
around family place; care of horses and
drive; reference. Address 1434 Broadway.
YOUNG German, handy and willing, wishes
situation of any kind. Box 1141, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment as office
clerk or bookkeeper; has good experience:
can furnish good reference. Address box
1522, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class Eastern
coachman: best of reference from Vanderbllt
family furnished. Call or address Coach-
man. 722 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS orchestra wants engagements;
concert and dance music. Address J.
ANTHONY BROADWOOD, 6 Redwood court,
Howard st.
THOROUGHLY competent and reliable young
American would like a position as hostler or
stableman in or near city; good references.
Box 1160, Call.
CHRISTIAN young man wishes some kind of
good and steady employment. Address box
1155, Call office.
SITUATION by a middle-aged, sober Swede,
to take care of gentleman's place; under-
stands horses; good driver. Box 1154, Call.
BY Japanese; good cook; experience in private
family; best references and highly recom-
mended. Address H., box 1163, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a situation
In family or boarding-house. Address
YOUNG & CO., 729 Sacramento st.
HORSESHOER and general blacksmith wants
work. 209% Shipley st.
BOY of 14 years wishes light employment. Ad-
dress 16 Sumner st.
WANTED— Position by an engineer of large
experience; can give cash bond for $6000.
Address box 1126, Call office.
Al CUSTOM cutter and tailor wishes position.
Address box 1323, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family; good references. Ad-
dress box 794, Call office.
GERMAN landscape gardener wishes work by
the day, week or month. Call or write 2623
Sutter st., rear.
BY a young married man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061, Call.
ABSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees; bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
GIRLS for general housework, $25. $20. $15, $10.
MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park St., Alameda.
LADY griddle-cake baker for the Fair; $7 per
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO, 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl; cook and
general housework; for an American family;
three persons; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; twit
in family; $20. See lady at C. R. HANSEN &
CO.'S, 108 Geary st.
SWEDISH cook for an institution; $25. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
NEAT second girl with references; short dis-
tance In the country; $20. See lady at C R
HANSEN & CO.'S, 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for general
housework, $25; Danish girl for general house-
work, $.5; fi girls for general housework, $20;
17 girls for housework, $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
IRONER; lady's wear; country hotel laundry;
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WAITRESS, hotel, Fresno. $20; Hollister, $20;
Watsonville, $20; waitress and chambermaid
for Elmira. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
TEN waitresses for first-class hotels in South-
ern California, $20; reduced railroad far».
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st
REFINED second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN
325 Butter st.
SECOND girl, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $30 each. MISS CULLEN 325 Sut-
ter st.
SPANISH girl, housework, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT hh 8 Su tt r c I r 2 in family, Sl5. MISS CUL-
. ; LEN, 325 Sutter Bt. : .  :
FRENCH girl, housework, 2 In famtly, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nursery governess, $26
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young chambermaid, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25 to $3o! MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL, Polk, $20; girl, Washington. $30; girl.
Alvarado, Cal., $20; girl. Pacific aye.. $25;
girl. Masonic aye., $25; 4 girls, Alameila
County. $20 to $25; girl, Scott, $20; girl, Brod-
erick, $20; girl. Baker, $20; girl. Ross Valley,
Cal., $20; girl, Webster. $20; girl. Sausallto,
$20; girl, California, $20; girl, Franklin. $20;
17 girls, $15; 12 German, 11 Swedish and 9
Danish girls; German, Danish and Swedish
spoken. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
LUNCH and dinner waitress, $20; lunch wait-
ress, $3 50 a week; pantry girl, $20; 6 wait-
resses, $5 a week; waitress, $5 a week and
room; 8 waitresses, $15 and room; 10 wait-
resses, country, $20 and room; girl to wash
few napkins; 3 kitchen girls, $15 and room-
3 girls for bakeries. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
IRONER, $25, room, board, etc.; lroner, $1 25
per day; girls to run mangier. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market St.
2 MORE girls for ice-cream parlors; 2 cooks
$20 to $25 and room. MARTIN & CO 749
Market st.
3 COLORED glrla, $20. city. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. Apply m
132 Montgomery it., room 18.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
GERMAN, Scandinavian or French second girl,
$25; cook, German style, $30; 2 nurses. $20;
1 laundresses, hotels, $20 and $25; American
vorklng housekeeper, $15; S waitresses and
chambermaids, hotels and restaurants, $20,
$2o and $6 week; cook, small boarding-house,
$25, and girls for housework. $15, $20 and $25.
J. J\ CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl. $20; nurse. $20; cham-
berma\d, $15; housegirl, $25, 2 In family;
housegirl, country, $20; young girl, assist, $10
to $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter at.
SWEDISH or German working housekeeper,
$25, good place; 2 second girls, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
FREE of Expense — Working girls obtain good
homes at the highest wages. Ladles' Pro-
tective Exchange and Reference Bureau, 1023
Market st.
THE Ladles' Employment Parlors, the largest
and best appointed on the Pacific Coast; man-
aged by educated and accomplished ladies;
Investigate. Rooms 5, 6, 7 and 8, 1023 Market.
THE Ladies' Employment Parlors, the largest
and best appointed on the Pacific Coast; man-
aged "by educated and accomplished ladles;
investigate. Rooms 5, 5, 7 and 8, 1023 Market.
WANTED— Two salesladies, three milliners and
factory girls. Ladles' Exchange, 1023 Market.
NEAT middle-aged American woman to go to
the country; three in family. 303 Castro St..
corner Sixteenth.
FIRST-CLASS waist hands at 330 OFarrell
street.
GIRL for general housework In family of two;
wages $10 to $12. Apply 1241 Ellis st.
GOOD woman; wait on lady, do light house-
work; $7 per month; references. 716 Franklin.
NELLTE VOLZ. call 11 Sixth st.
PPRENTICE for dressmaking; must be pood
sewer. Apply 664H Minna St.
YOUNG girl for housework. $10 to $12: sleep
home; neat and clean; nice place. 456 Bryant.
WANTED— A German girl for housework. 2016
Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS woman cook, private boarding-
house, $33 per month. 530 Eighth St., Oakland.
GIRL for light housework. 2517 Mission st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
st. : monthly troubles, etc. ; I visit sufficient.
V'ANTED— Neat, respectable German woman,
good housekeeper, in small family, who Is
kind to children; a good home and $10 per
month; references. Address W. S., 312 Fourth
st., Santa Rosa.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
housework. 1704 Church st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 1413 Scott st.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdressing and hair-
work. 9% Stockton st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Poet.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEV I. STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont St.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Lev! Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAI.TED.
PETE PETERSON, the blacksmith, please
call; blacksmith, city, $3 to $2 50 a day; 10
woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord; German gardener,
$20 to $30; farmer for Glenn Co., $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FRENCH chef, $100; breadbaker, $50; fry cook,
country restaurant, $60; 2 waiters for Euro-
pean plan, $35; vegetableman, $30. C. R,
HANBE.X & CO., 108 Geary st.
TWO first-class colored waiters with dress
suits for country hotel, $25. C. R. HANS EX
& CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— Quartz miners for California and
Arizona, $3 day; 40 coal miners, by ton; 10
timbermen for mine, $2 50 day; 12 tie makers,
8c to 10c; 20 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; black-
smith for camp, $26 and found: and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2B Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Circular sawyer and filer, $125;
millwright. $125 to $130, for Alaska, free fare,
must deposit $250 guaranteeing 9 months'
service; gardener, $10 week and found. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & C0., '628 Sacramento st.
86 WOODCHOPPERS, $1 25 and $1 cord, for
different counties; 239 tie makers, Be, 9c and
10c each; 6 laborers, city; 25 families to cut
cordwood, good cabins to live in, near a
school house: 2 Italian vegetable gardeners.
$20 and found; 2 choreboys for ranches, $5 and
$10; 2 milkr-rs, $25; gardener, private family
$20; S timber fellers; 3 crosscutters; hostler,
city stable; married carpenter. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 COOKS, 2 ranch cooks, 3 waiters, 2 dish-
washers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 836
Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for grillroom, country. $40 and
found; broiler, $",0; butler for country, see
party here 10 a. m., $40; waiter, oyster house,
city, $30; waiter for nice country place, $25 to
$30; 3 boys for light Jobs, $10 to $15. AN-
DRE'S, 30S Stockton st.
WASHER and clean harness, $50 and room;
house painter, $25 and found; lunch cook for
saloon, $;. a week. R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
HOTEL pastry cook. $40 and room; pastry cook
and help on range; shop baker, $30 and
room; baker's helper. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
IOOKKEEPERS, managers, salesmen, cash-
iers, clerks. Janitors, watchmen, mechanics
obtain lucrative positions through the Clerks'
Exchange, 1023 Market. No extra cost for
trial; investigate.
INVESTIGATE the references from business
houses and from reliable men and women
who have obtained good positions at tha
Clerks' Exchange, 1023 Market st.
FREE of Expense — Business houses, hotels and
restaurants obtain reliable male and female
help free of any expense at the Exchange,
1023 Market st.
WANTED— A first-class carriaee blacksmith
for new work; none other need apply. A.
MEISTER & SONS, Sacramento, Cal.
ARTISTIC sign writer for leading retail house;
messenger, broker's business. 313 Bush st.
REAL estate and rental clerk: rental col-
lector; 3 gents' furnishing clerks. 313 Bush.
WANTED — Window dresser; office manager;
elevatorman: steward, with good references.
1023 Market st.
WANTED— First-class shoe clerk; good hotel
porter; head waiter. 1023 Market st.
SALESMAN; Nevada and other counties;
staple article; factory to consumer. 1166
Mission st.
GOOD canvassers for milk route on commis-
sion; $1 50 a caa Address D., Call branch.
2526 Mission St.
HONEST young man without home to help on
mllft wagon, etc. Address C, Call branch,
2526 Mission St.
WANTED— First-class brewer for Oregron. Ad-
dress box 1143, Call office.
STEADY boy, age 17, living with parents, de-
sires situation. Box 1146, Call offlc*.
WANTED— An all-round photographer. Apply
at 620 Clay St.
WANTED— First-clasß solicitor on Job work.
MARKET-ST. PRINTING CO.. 1144 Market.
BOY who lives in Mission to drive butcher
wagon. 2707 Howard st.
RELIABLE disnwasher at 6 Sacramento St.;
apply 7 o'clock.
SECOND clerk wanted in grocery and to do
delivering: German preferred. 242 ft California.
BOT with some experience in painting and
papering. Apply cor. California and Larkin.
MAN or woman wanted to teach cigarmaklng.
115% Flllmore st.
AGENTS wanted; good Inducements. 836
Howard st.
BARBER shop fof sale; 3 patent revolving
chairs; $100; rent $1S; only one In block. 26
Ninth st.
CARPENTER and seamen for coast and deep-
water at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GERMAN boy to drive wagon and help In
butcher shop. 196 Noe st.
PARTNER with $50 to manufacture Klondike
specialties. Address Box 1120, this office.
WANTED— Active, reliable messenger boy
_$2 75. Address box 1115, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Stat»«
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s-:ch- must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write Engliah. and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height
For further information apply at the re-
crultlng office. 20 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
In city. Apply at 767 Market at.
CIVIL service Government positions— SO ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHEB
Preparation. Washington. T>. C.
S '£ l t £ > s! ; nd ' ordinary % seamen 1 wanted at
:,t LANF. S. 504 ■ Davis i st., near, Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sea, 3K Grant avt.
HELP WANliSD— Continued.
W?NcTIESTER~~House, 44 Third St.. nea*
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDA House. 321 Ellis-Rooms 25c to $1
. night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold paths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
j ads and subscriptions taken. .■ -. .-..- . ,
L/RKIN 615-Branch of The Call; want
ads and - subscriptions taken. - / .
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College, 138*4 Eighth st. _
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and U
week. Llndell House^jSlxth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 863^ (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25a
: to 50c night; $1 to $2 week. ■ .
DRUMM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms. 15c to 75c per
night; 50c to $1 50 per week. ■ _ -r
WANTED-At Montana House, 764£ M ' ss l°™
st.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 2>>c per
-. night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. __
WANTED-To coTle^Twages due lab ,° n S? lt f P r
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. : 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken. -. " __
PARTNERS WANTED.
GERMA^girITROod cook, with $200 capital, as
partner In good paying boarding house. 1625
San Bruno road. Franconio HouFe^____^__ .
F URN I TUKE - WAfTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. 840 Mis-
slon f-t.; tel. Mint IS2I. _■ ■
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. highest prlc<?3 paid. Tel. Davis
615 LA RKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
BCilntiuns and want ads taken. i
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— NiceIy furnished sunny suite of
rooms, with board for two; must be north ot
Market, east of Hyde and south of Bush.
Address box 1156, Call office.
YOUNG man wants small furnished room.
With breakfast, in private family; city of.
Oakland; state terms; reasonable. Box llos.
Call office. - : ' ,
A GENTLEMAN wishes room and board in
private family not to exceed $30 per month
Address box 1142, Call Office. _^
UNFURNISHED room in exchange for use of
parlor an. bedroom set. Box 1096, Call office.
W MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A second-hand large size roller-
top office desk; must be cheap and in good
condition. Address Encinal Realty Office.
1457 Webster st.. Alameda. .
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. - _
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, nsilver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, olvil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: ft
course In Tarr's counting room make* you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market et.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
dero; adults, Fri.. 8 p.m.: children. Thu.. 3:30.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '9fi: 103 in^97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st., room 12.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 42f> Farrntt
building: 13.000 positions filled; manual free.
GI'ITAR. mandolin, oiano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 10!> Taylor st.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatio
Art. 923 Putter st.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowna
$3 r>n; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painlesg
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695.
NEW YORK Dentists — Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $*>; gold filling. 7">c up: silver, 23c up;
plates mended, $1 up; special Inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set; extracting oOo; gas given.
.DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg, Market and Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUB,
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARI.FP W. PECKER.
FOR vu.[:-tiivi:i.i.AM:iii)t.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
$300— PLEAFTTtE. health and profit: two fin»
cows, poultry and fruit; plenty room: 10-
room modern house: rent paid for one year,
delightful part of Oakland. C. R. SHAW,
East Oakland, Cal.
COW for sale — One of the best family cows In
the State; kind and gentle; lady can milk:
half Jersey. Apply 2024 Pacific aye., Alameda.
INCUBATOR eggs, white, brown, buff leg-
horns. 3. r >c per dozen. Address box 18, Soquel.
Santa Cruz County.
THEATRICAL wigs for sale. Apply H., 2521
Mission st.
20,000 FEET of boards; price $7 per 1000. Call
at 368 Dolores st.
GOOD dog for Klondike: $25. 1229 Cortlan*
aye., near San Bruno road.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring and solitaire dia-
mond stud weighing 4 karats in all: both per-
fect matches: cost $700; will be sold for $325.
At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
80^POUND dogr, 1 year old. Box 1117, Call
office.
LARGE Newfoundland dog. suitable for Klon-
dike. Box 1118. Call office.
AT a sacrifice; fine Steams bicycle; $20. 1031
McAllister st. '
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky. 100 proof. 5 years old, $22:
Al Jamaica rum, $16 X; extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 1
years old. $6 50; 4 year, $7 50: real 6 year,
$S 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year,
$22; 5 year. $24 50: Zinfandel claret, $4 35;
Burgundy claret, $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage: it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
MOO PAIR shoe lasts: also dealer in second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. : mail order*
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new 8
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Tae., 633 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J- X- POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
Blzes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONF.S, $10: Records. *i per doz.;
Projcctoscope. >100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEK mill, s-ale. hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
meat market. 576 Howard st.
BARS, showcases, countors. shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1067.. Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal 3 cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weeklr
, Call, in wrapper, for mailing.BUSINESS CHASCEB.
$75— LUNCH ness; north of Market; clears
$3 a day. LESS, 7G5 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
rnnt; principal streets; central; owner tired
ot" unreliable lp; sober man; no other.
LESS. 765 Market st.
JSOO— INTEREST in a. carriage, blacksmith
and wheelwright business; down town; old
established; large trade. Apply M. LESS,
765 Market st.
■ $?00— RESTAURANT, principal street, central,
■. near Market, using 7 to BV4 cans milk daily;
receipts $43 to $47; owner there for years and
■■ retiring: hard to match this offer; impossible
to beat it; trial given. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$450— BAKERY, principal street; baking 2 bar-
1 .rels dally: mostly store trade; horse and
wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
;, LESS, 765 Market St.
J2SOi— COFFEE parlor and home bakery; cozy
place with good trade; 3 living rooms; rent
$15; owner there 4 years. M. LESS, 765
Market.
$4:o— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; principal
street; Al business: 4 furnished rooms and
• . piano; rent only $15; this place is given
away: call, see and be convinced. M. LESS
7C5 Market.
$660— REST AURANT; splendidly fitted up; in
one of best locations of city; big transient
and regular trade; an "Al" offer; must be
se^n to be appreciated; trial. M. LF.SS, 765
'- Market st. -. r ' :
$275— Coffee saloon and chophouse; principal
streets: central: neat place: monthly receipts
from $900 to $1000; trial. M. LESS, 753 Market.
$2000— CORNER grocery aad bar; established
; many years and doing first-class store and
bar business; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on; i. w rer.t; full value in sight; sickness
cause; a sacrifice. WILKE, 753 Market st. "
$BOO— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar in Mission; living-rooms; rent $25; a gen-
.ulne good business; bargain: come and make
offer. Call WILKE. 7>:< Market st.
$550— RESTAURANT and chop house: best lo-
catlon, opposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
ing business: meals 20c and above; low rent;
a rare chance and grr-at sacrifice: owner has
to leave for Europe at once. WILKE, 753
• Market st. N
- $500— BOARDING and livery stable, 1 block
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses, 2 buggies,
wagons, etc.; rent $50: good-paying bu«i-
ness. See WILKE. 753 Market st '
A CORNER saloon established many years in
the very choicest location; average dally re-
ceipts ibout $45; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE. 753 Mar-
ket st.
STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st., buy, 3ell or
exchange business quick; partner procured.
$SSO— market; good horse, wagon; clears
5150 ■ nth. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— DAY saloon; good payer; fine stock and
fixtures; rent low. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
$550— ROADHOUSE, near city; 12 rooms* rent
$25; clears $75 month. STRAND, 23 Kearny.
BRANCH bakery and variety store: 2
rooms; rent $17. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
$350— SALOON; this is a flne corner. with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying busi-
ness satisfactory reason for selling; .'cheap
rent. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
DELICACY store; large trade $1,000
Restaurant, Worth $600; only 175
Dining room, worth $500; price 150
30-room country hotel and bakery 4,500
Restaurant, cost $4000; only l.fiOO
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth.
80-ROOM country hotel and bakery $4500
Restaurant, cost $4000. only. 1600
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1025 Market St.,
opposite Fifth.
$100— SALOON: prominent corner at the Mis-
sion: must sell this week: no such bargain
In olty. HEALY, 917 Market st.
$550 — CORNER cigar store: Market st. ; whole-
sale district; clearing $100 monthly: no night
work; ful! value. HEALY. 917 Market st.
$200 — COZY store, consisting of cigars, statlon-
" cry. school books, etc . clearing $45 monthly;
rooms. Apply w. F. HEALY. 917 Market st.
$700 — Saloon, best location in city.
$300 — Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$350 — Coal oil route; well established.
$125 — Bakery and delicacy store, a bargain,
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market St.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the Russ House, rooms 64 and 65; he has
plslnese for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Come see Wan.
Pring your pislness with you, sell or buy.
WAN PELT.
$150— PARTNER wanted In a nice genteel cash
business: suitable for lady or gentleman. For
- particulars. ARMSTRONG, 906 Market St.
' ' $22i7— CORNER cigar stand, near Market st. :
value la stock. KREDO, 22ij Geary st.
$50*) — WELL - ESTABLISHED, good-paying I
down-town stationery and notion store; long !
.lease at low rent; must be sold. Ap- I
ply or address CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & ;
WELCH, 323 Sansome Bt., 8. F.
SALOON for sale In wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work; first-class trade. H.
BUNEMAN. 401 Front St.
" BUTCHER wanted— Young, single man who
understands cutting meat. Apply Alameda
Market, Park St., Alameda.
BETTER than Klondike; $006 will give you $200
monthly; must furnish references; no dudes.
Box 1157. Cal! office.
$165 -CIGAR etore; value in stock and fix-
tures. 33 Third st.
NICE flat to be rented cheapj 40% Belcher St.,
n-ar Market. Call at 1009 Howard at.
FOR sole— Laundry route. Apply at 1509H
Market St., 12 to 1, or after 5 p. m.
$200 will buy a flne notion and hairdresslng
store; 7 show cases; 4 rooms. 2li."> Fiilmore.
FULL line of shoe machinfry for sale. Box
1147, Call Office. : A • :
______^ m I
SALOON and lunchhouse; located down
town; established 25 years; best bargain to-
day; no night work; reasonable rent; living
rooms up stairs; only men meaning business
• need apply: positively no agent. Address
box 1137, Call Office.
RESTAURANT for sale at a sacrifice; well ':
established restaurant; operated s years by
present owner; has never paid less than $200
per month: owners going to the mines and
mean business. X.. box 7. Call. Oakland. ;
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb at a .
local road terminus: good bar trade, which
may b<» easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $S000;
one-half may remain at 8 per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAHRHOFFER.
14 Third St.
PLAY the races on our new system; $(>0 n :
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge j
.'or services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and fi. 850 Market St., San FranclFCO. •
' WANTED— hustler with $300 to help me
push a patented Invention of proven merit; ;
a golden opportunity for the right party. Box I
1125, Call office. I
OLD established restaurant for sale at a sacrl- !
flee: account of sickness; receipts $30; cheap
rent; investigate. Box 1124. Call office.
OLD established saloon, on principal street;
cheap rent; easy terms; will bear fnll In-
vestigation. 156 Fifth st.
SALOON; 8 rooms; everything included; ■
long established; rent $25. Address box 1138, ■
Call Office.
GOOD-PA restaurant; parties can Inves-
tigate; going to Klondike. 2424 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms ad- !
Joining; for sale. 117 Fiilmore st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location.
821% Howard st. %
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant: daily receipts $40. Box 1010, Call.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise !
now yi -Ming 150 per cent monthly; no stock i
( r Klondike scheme: safe, practical nuccess. !
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md. i
FOR sale — First-class saloon; southeast corner
Kearny and Bush; reason for selling, going i
north. '
FOR SALE— Shoe shop. 842 McAllister st.
$100— SALOON for Bale. 606 Howard st. - ■
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent; estab-
lished 15 y«irs. Address 11. MATTHIESEN.
Livermore, Cal.
PATENTS.
SMITH & OSBORN, Regist'd Patent Agents;
established ISC2. 319 Pine st., city. I
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this j
office or at 132 Third st, Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
BRANCH bakery, 4 living rooms, cheap; rent ;
$15; account of sickness. 17f.l Hyde st. ',■ L
PARTY to take charge of business In owner's
absence. 606 Montgomery, room 18. , •
PARTNER with $300: sure thing to make
money. Box 105 G. Call office. v
$460— CIGAR-store; corner California and
Kearny st».
LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Bub-
scriptions and want ads taken. -
ATTORNEYS AT ■ LAV.
ADVICE freeT^ivorce laws specialty; private; j
no fee without success; •-. collections, ' wills,
probate. Insolvency, • deeds,' damages, mort- <
gages, copartnership, ' bll!s-of-sale, . patents, j
trademarks, etc.; established 10 yearr. . G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters. Insolvency, collections; free
advice: open evenings. McCABE, 103 Larkln. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. r
W. W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market at.
ALASKA EXTE.U'RISES.
KLONDIKE^ ~~ ..~. "'" '" ' '""' '
Wanted— more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining Company: steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
PASSAGES wanted on steamer Excelsior for
Copper River; fair premiums paid. Box 1159.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of th 9
. genuine Klondike moccasin on this coast.
_Paclfic Shoe Co., 133 First st.
"KLONDIKR"— 2 placer ! miners wish fare
and provisions; give good farming land as
security or soil same. Box 1074. Call. '
■YOUNG woman desires to Join an Alaskan ex-
pedition. Address box 1102. Call office.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
In Alaska. E. E. BUNCE, MS Broadway,
Oakland. Cal. .
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. «JRAPtV>RO A CO..
wholesale and rPtail grocers. 531 Washington.
LODGIA'G HOI.KS FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22^ Geai-y-
34 rooms; guaranteed to clear $150 $1000
30 rooms; partly offices: clears $200 2aoo
21 rooms; worth $1200: clears $S0 SOO
20 rooms: corner Market: full; bonanra.. S^O
17 rooms: Powell; clears $7.". sure 650
12 rooms; swell boarding; Van Ness t"0
11 rooms: elegant; near plaza fW
9 rooms; best in city <■•?■»
6 rooms; elegant home; cost $800......... 400
KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22Mi Geary.
', 34 rooms; guaranteed to clear $150 $1600
21 rooms; worth $1200: clears $80 SOO
17 rooms; Powell; clears $75 Fure 650
12 rooms; swell boarding; Van Ness 650
'.' rooms; best in city - : '®
& rooms: elegant home; cost $SOO • . . 400
I $450--31 ROOMS; easily worth $1500; a give-
away, a snap. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary st.
j 10-ROOM flat, corner on Market $ 3:.0
22 rooms; near Baldwin Hotel (transient). .l3oo
S-room house on Ellis: $800 cash f.OO
; 24 rooms on Stockton; clears $125 .'l5OO
30 rooms; clears $230: new furniture 2500
■ I 27-room corner house; clears $150 ISOO
14 rooms, on Ellis st. : make offer 650
10-ronm ; at. fine corner; clears $50; near
1 Baldwin Hotel 3.'»0
7-room flat, on Geary st 300
; 1 H. C. DECKER. 10M Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE, few doors from Mar-
ket St.; central; 24 furnished rooms; rent
■ : only $65; rooms always full. M. LESS, 765
Market st
: i NICE furnished flat. 6 rooms. Including 2
; roomers and boarders; cheap. Apply 1912
j I Hyde st.
i PRIVATE house of 10 roma; steady roomers;
' I $130. 519 Folsom st.
1 ! ROOMING house. 20 rooms: all occupied: pay-
I Ing business: must sell on account of 'slck-
i i ness. "'> 6 Tehama St., near Fourth.
1 I LODGING-HOUSE of S rooms; nicely fur-
I nished; 4 rooms pays the rent; price $750. In-
j quire at 432 Ellis st. .
I T3EST-PAYING 50-room lodging-house in ths
j city: make offer; no trlflers. 402^ Geary st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets of 5-room flat: io
pood condition; $225. Call 1709 Market. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.
I FURNITURE of 4-room cottage for sale and
cottage to let 1006 Buchanan st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
i do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $6. $7. $S. $9,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool ln-
! eluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchane-ed for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
I I>ealers, cor. Kearny and Putter sts.
UTKLY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KnHLER & CHAPE 1 P.
2f<. 2S ar.l in O - Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades 'find prioeß. Terms easy; prices low-
*=t Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
PIANOS and organs at factory prices; low
rent; small profits; ngency Hardman. Chase:
Bros . Hackley, Sommer. Dewing Bros., etc.
J. PEWTNG CO.. second floor Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
A FINE lln^ of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices. Including
Steinways, Chtckering. Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENVKR
931 Market st.
PIANOS at out prices: Improve the opfiortu-
nity; agency famous Haines Bros . Push &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON.
■•.-sor to A. L. Rnncroft ft Co.. 324 Post.
\ ';•"•!> piano, $85: one for ?12"; Chickering,
Weber. Mathushek and others: piano? for
\.T CURTAZ ft BON. 16 O'Farrell.
COLBY pianos are the best for the money in
th"> market: highest award at World's Fair:
caK and see for yourselves !>"3 Market Bt.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos, $60;
upright*. Ivers <ft Pond. Decker, Btelnway,
Horning and otters. 2'.<5 Post St.
BOHMER &■ CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brlsrgs nnd other piano^: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. KMj IM, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATK. U6 Market st.
AT MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.. you will find
pianos from $50 to $250 in second-hand; new
nianos for cash or on payments.
FINE upright piano, nearly new; a bargain;
owner leaving city. 1012 Polk st.
BARGAlN— Upright piano. $65. 2fiS Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
K'OTiT.EP. £ CHASE, $0 o'Fjittpll st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 1«
McAllister St.. n°ar Hibernla Bank.
PUPFRTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. V.f, Bills.
~
TEAS.
TEAS,
20, 25, 30, 35, 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 20, 25. 3.),- 40 per pound.
SPICES, $
10, 15, 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
Mrsic boxes,
AIR RIFLES, -i
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. .
HOUSES.
FOR sale— l leafl pack mule. Apply to WIL-
LIAM CONLAX. .'2B Twenty-seventh aye.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable for flor-
ist. 2725 Howard St. ■____
KLONDIKE pnck muloa and burros for sale:
Horan's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.,
JUST arrived carloads broke horses; 1200 to
ICOO pound?. H5 Valencia et. ,
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
cr exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; sautt
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 18'J2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also .wagons. . buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 527 Sixth St., auction nalps every wed-
nerday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. An<-llor.eer«.
WAGOrS AJVD CARRIAGES.
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap: owner has
no use for it. 22 Golden Gate aye. ■.:.•-...
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coup»s and wagonettes taken in exchange.
■ O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polkj!^
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery . delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth ]
and Valencia sts. - ," i ~^'-'V ;.>•-■■/
TOP bucgy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery: wagon.- U6l Howard. ;
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or tnrtallmentsj 1- fine top and open j
buggy: also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st. '■ ' tX?'
;--. SKWIXU ACHIAKS. j
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, . bought, »old; ;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth at. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ■ bought,- sold, exchanged. ; ' rented; [1
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1893.
HOUSES , TO LET. . • • -'„ ; ; , i !
: ALL OVER TOWN— — — — ' " ' " " ' ' —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN <-" A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. ■ "I * •
CHURCH, 1317—5 sunny rooms and bath;
rent $12. : r <.>>, .-.:.-. -. ;
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4075 Army St.,
liot'-.e.Ki Serenes and Noe. v
i MODERN house. 7 rooms; flne neighbbrhood;
Brodertck and McAllister; rent cheap.
$25— 6 ROOMS and bath, 1515 Grove st ; also
lower flat, 4 rooms. 109 Germanla st. -
• FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE and household goods of 10 rooms;
privilege renting premises. Box 1145. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
; COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; large base-
n;ent and yard; rent $15. 804 Potrero aye.
4-ROOM. $10; 5-room. $15; 7-room, $17, 'or will
; sell $."0 to $100 cash, balance as rent. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 846 Market St.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores. ■ . •
FLATS FURNISHED,
I MODERN furnished flat or part of it 109
South Park.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER "'rnxi'i* "~ ~~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN : &
lIOWELL. It- Montgomery st.
' BYINGTON. 18—5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st. , * V *
CLINTON PARK, 3SO. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, near Guerrero — Four eunny upper
rooms; private house; water; $12 50.
EDDY, 1244, near Laguna— Elegant sunny flat,
i . o rooms and bath; latest improvements. r
; FULTON. US— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms bath-
near City Hall; $28.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room- |
; ins nnd private house. 961 Folsom, near Sixth. I
■ 202 GROVE St., cor Van Ness aye.- Sunny un-
; furnished H-room flat, with gas stove.
i GUERRERO, 1411, near,Twenty^stxth^-6 room%
and hath; $15.
HAIGHT, m— Beautiful upper sunny new cor- j
ncr modem flat; 7 rooms and bath.
i JESSIE, *40— Flat of 5 rooms; sunny side of
street.
LLOYD, 22. oft Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath.
O'FARRELL. 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
$20— 5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St.. near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT. SU, near Third— furnished
suites, $7 per month up.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; upper flat, $12.
ELLIS. 60S— 1 sunny room; furnished complete :
for housekeeping; $10.
FOLSOM, !»74— Furnished room complete for 1
housekeeping, $1 50 week; also single room.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping. Ad- i
dress 3157 Twenty-fourth st, city.
; GEARY. 1917— for adults; 4 comfortable S
rooms; bath; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves, j
I all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur- i
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single; i
i gas cook stove: free use of telephone. . ,
! GRANT aye., 116— Newly opened, pleasant, i
light Inside suite; housekeeping: $10 month.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard; rent $13.
HICKORY aye., 181. near Gough— large front •
housekeeping rooms, complete, $12 per month. '
HOWARD, 525—2 connecting rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $8.
HOWARD, 805%— sunny housekeeping
rooms; back and front suites; reasonable.
MARKET, 1028—2 or 3 small sunny rooms, fur- !
nished, $R.
1 __^__^^____ - _____^__ j
MINNA. 431 — Large sunny room, furnished for j
housekeeping, with stove, *6; single sunny
front room, $4.
MISSION, — 2 nice housekeeping rooms;
, cheap.
MISSION, 1063— Front rooms; also others for
housekeeping; no objection to children,
MISSION. 2212. between Eighteenth and Nine-
te»nth— ln Mission sun belt; 4 or 5 furnished
housekeeping rooms and -bath, stationary
tubs, etc.; rent low; no children. . j
NATOMA, SI, cor. Second— Housekeeping j
rooms: also single and double, $1 per week ;
and up.
NEW MONTGOMERY. Complete furnished !
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single,' $4. ;
• LOWER flat. 4 rooms. 27 Pearl st, off
Market, near Valencia.
I NINTH. 130^4— Front room, bay window and
Krate, $5 50; also small room, $5; sunny; light
housekeeping if desired.
POLK, '• Ek-erantly furnished sunny front
parlor, with kitchen, $15; other rooms.
1 . .
POWELL. 15*4— Newly furn'shed sunny rooms,
pultes or single: rents reasonable.
POWELL, 509— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
SIXTH. USA— Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
BTANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nico Bunny rooms,
including bath. . .
TENTH, 111. near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms: stove; closet; housekeeping.
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; first floor; bath and^ gas,
THIRD, "09— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping; $8; other rooms rea-
sonable.
VALENCIA. 1171—2 or it sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping or otherwise. ■ -
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. ■
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell- i
Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or single; a
quiet home for families and those who appre-
ciate comfort; elevator, baths; moderate
charges.
BUSH, 706 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family, .••v
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Family mom» and sin-
gle; week, $1 25 to $2 50; day, 2Jc to SOc; respt.
CLAY, 1532— Furnished room to let, suitable
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
FOURTH, 27H— clenn sunny front rooms
1 50 a week up; new management'
FULTON, is (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished i
rooms, single or en suite, $8 and $15 up.
OEARY, 402— Bunny furnished roomß lor genta •
$6 and $7.
OBARY, 818— Elegant sunny furnished rooms
$8 up: also suits; gas and bath.
OEARY, fi22— 2 well-furnished connecting rms
single rooms; bath and gas; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAMPTON place, 3, oft Folsom St., between
Second and Third— S sunny bay-window
rooms; yard; basement.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mlss'on; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $C week.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DA V ID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 989— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $6 per mo. up.
IVY aye., 309. near Franklin— A large fur-
nished front room, $5; also smaller front
room, $4 a month.
LARKI.W 327— Newiy furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEAVENWORTH 517-Slnglft furnished room
for gentleman. $0.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
MARKET, 1032— (New management); fine, clean
roomß. $1 to $2 50 per week: transient. 25c up.
! MARKET. IOT0 — (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; single rms., suites; jubilee vis.
1 MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished sunny
single room, $6 per month; running water,
bath and gas.
! MCALLISTER, 619— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suite or single; hot and cold water;
' gas and bath; grate; board optional.
! MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
j MISSION, 1129 — A nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping room for one person; German
family.
MISSION. 1729 H. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, bath, laundry, $3 50, $6 month.
NKV\ FKANKJ.IN. 321 Pacific— Roorns,~fur^
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
POST. 235— 3 blocks Palace Hotel 'Bohemia),
Funny rooms; flne view; elevator; tourists.
pSoSPBCT PLACE, 123, off California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front
sunny furnished rooms; German family.
SECOND, 115— Sunny, clean, furnished single
fooms, $1 per weeJ^up; men onjy.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .:
R. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial,^ near i Mont- ' j
gmy— 10c, lac, etc:, coffee and rolls free. i
RUSS, .127- $4 50; large sunny, room, with closet, j ■
SEVENTH, 136—1 nicely, furnished front room, |
$1 per week. ■-■; ■ T'• ■■.-'.■ ' ..'? ■--.'■ ' ' , ' - ::
SEVENTH. 142— Furnished suites ar.d single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
IHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth St., ;
near Market ; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, '17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER, 309— Changed ' hands : " new . furniture )
suites or single; transient;: terms reasonable, i
SUTTER, I 715-717-719. and 609 Furnished
and 'unfurn.; choice for offices;, reasonable. |
TAYLOR, Front sunny single rooms; $6 up; |
also nice suites; bath and gas. - - -. . j
TENTH, Large nicely furnished ' sunny
room, $10; bath, gas; prlv.»famlly; gents only. |
TENTH, 111, • near Market— front sunny
furnished rooms; stove; closet; housekeeping.
£00 BUSINESS cards printed $1: . 15 visiting j
cards. 25c. HILL. 724V4 Market st. i
BOARDING AND ROOMS' '
BOARDER^wanted— Limited number~of~Tn^ ]
valid gentlemen may have comfortable home,
with attendance, at reasonable rate. Box
1048, Call -office. • ■ . -
EDDY, Sunny front ' single and double
rooms: first-class board. $3 r,O. ■.■ .
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, HOo-Large front room: gas, bath,
running water; breakfast telephone; $10.
POWELL. Large sunny . corner room, i
piano; single rooms, $20 up with board..
THIRD. 530— Rooms and board: choice. suite I
two front rooms: suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board; terms $45 per
fnonth with board. Apply Central Hotel.
TURK. 812— Nice rooms and board in private i
family; bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up. ,"
, .STORES TO LET. ~^ , '
BRYANT. KM— store; has been occupied j
by dressmakers for 6 years; rent $10.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La- i
fayette ets. ; cheap rent. , . :
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center •
■of business. St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena, Cal. .
BIEDICAL.
ALL ladies-C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, i
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar- 1
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy,- home, '
etc.: babie3 adopted; - travelers treated: no
delay; self cure sent: call or write; free:
confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 1
City Hall aye.. cor McAllister; pills. $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once- t af»
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In ooninement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the' doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MTtS DR. WTETH, 918 Post st.. nr. Larkln.
A PROCESS thnt never falls to restore everj-
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cnuse In few hours when medicines and others
have failed: no instruments used: many
ynars 1 experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: term* reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LKY, 1126 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
A PURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home nnd con-
venience o f a hospital; theme sick or dlscour-
» aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they wtfl fiivl in h.>r a true friend. MRS.
DU'. GWYRR. *2« Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instrument;.;; every woman her own physl-
clnn for all female troubles, no matter from
what cans-: restore In 1 dny; never falls;
consultation free; can be sent and used at
homo. PR. POPPER. 31S Kearny; orders by
telephone.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice. $.'; consult free: hours >'l to R PR
AND MRS. KOHL, ill* Market st.
PRS. GOODWIN*, fllpeases of women: Indies;
safe, quick cir* guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schurk's self-CUrfc lE. 4^l Van Ness.
A BOON to wlvs and mother? -Beguro; price
$1 f.O. RICHARDS & CO., 400 Clay st; sf>nd
Ic' stamp, for particulars to Seguro ■ Ma*iu-
ff><*tur!nr Co., r,3! X St.. Sacramento, ■ Cal. ■
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to In with
female troubles; no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express CO. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
CAPSULETAS— Preventive; sure: harmless:
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
BON. 1223 Geary st
DR. HALL. 1 city Hall aye.. cor. McAllister
A I-^venworth; diseases of women, children.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem
edies: 38 years' experience. 254^4 Fourth st.
HOME, In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. FT'NKE. 1416. 5 th st, Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure cbrinlc, nervous, blood,
skin or private dis sen. S Mason St.. S. F.
CARPET CLEAMXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS Mcr
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South '2so '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wurk
send to SPAULDING'R Pioneer Corpet-
beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie «44.
I J. WATTS, reliable carpei-cleanlng, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
GREAT ; Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st; cleaning. 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 12C.
TYPEWRITERS.
REMINGTON No. 3; flne order; $25; sampls
_»ent.! SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
LEGAL j NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, Btate of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TKR-
RILL, deceased. Order to show cause why
order of sale pf real estate should not be
made and ordering publication.
ANNIE H. TEKRiLL, as the executrix of
the last will of said CHARLES C. TER-
KILL, decea&ed, having this day presented
to the undersigned Judge of said court her
ljt-UUen, duly verified and praying for an or-
der of sale of a portion of the real estate
■ belonging to the estate of said decedent, for
the purpose of paying the debts outstanding
ngains-t said decedent and the debts, ex-
penses and charges cf the administration of
faid estate, and It having appeared and ap-
pearing to the said Judge from such petition
that it is necessary, and also that It must
be for the advantage, benefit and best inter-
ests of the said estate and those interested
therein to sell some portion of the, said real
eatate for the purposes and reasons men-
tioned In said petition; and such petition hav-
ing been thereupon filed.
It Is therefore ordered that all persons in-
terested in the estate of Bald deceased ap-
pear before the snid Superior Court on MON-
DAY, the 21st day of March. IS9B, at 10
o'clock in the forenoon of said day, at the
courtroom of Department No. 10 of said Su-
perior Court, in the B*w City Hall in said
eltr and county of Pan Francisco, State of
California, to show cause why an order
should not be granted to the said executrix
to sell so much of the real estate of the
said deceased an shall be necessary.
And that a copy of this order be published
once a week for four successive weeks in
the "San Francisco Call," a newspaper
printed and published In said city and
county.
Dated Februnry 15. A. D. 189 S.
JAS. M. TROUTT. Judge of the Superior
Court.
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate-rln the Su-
perior-Court In 1 and for the City and. County
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter ■■ of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.'. -'.-","
; Notice is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D., . 189S, --at-. 10
o'clock a. m. of. said day, and the : courtroom
of Department No. l . of said court, at the
* New City ; Hall, fin the City and County < of
San Francisco,... State of ' California, have
been appointed •as = the time and ■ place for
proving : the * will of said JACOB C. JOHN-
SON,' deceased, I and for hearing . the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance
to her of letters testamentary. . ,-.- .
Dated February 11. A. I>. IS9S.
r.7 . CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk. :U-:
(Seal) By E.S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
J. •A. , STEPHENS. Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 503, Claus:Spreckels building. ■...-■;-. -■■
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, in the Croft"
mine, near Oleta, Amador County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine. In Dry Creek; from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, in the Long Ravine mine, near
Speneeville, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
lntjs in Long Ravine: and from J. W. Cum-
mins, in the Amo mine, near Oroville, Butte
County, to deposit tailings in Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room .*9. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cm!., on February 28, 1808, at 1:30 p. m.
PERSONALS.
•PARTY from mines looking-for MRS. F. M.
■; PRINDLE can find her address at Call Office
WANTED— A " baby from six to nine  months
old who will ■• neither kick nor • cry; for , use
of Marie Walnwright in "Shall Forgive
Her," at the, Columbia Theater nest week;
mother roust apply with child at stage en-
trance Columbia. Theater Thursday, Feb-
ruary 17, at 11 a. m. ;••,.- •'. • :"'■<*■.
MRS. H. A. BARBER— Please address T.
•Bloodsworth,. care Piedmont Paving - Com-
_pany. • Macdonough Bldg., r rm._2ti. Oakland. __
.•_-., _ _ ; ' ' R I - * lA^'^^.^:,-^^'i
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
■ February '"Wedding Bell"; 14 pages;no $5 re-
_ quired. Editor, 111 Ellis st., San Francisco. ■
BUSIXtSS "•; PERSONALS.
THE feminine world will gladly welcome the
. new styles in hairdressing; = the latest, only
2r>c; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy, long,- $5. Open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G.LEDERER, 111 Stockton Et.
VOCAL Instructor Jos. Greven I cannot "be
killed by the poisonous sting of a little wa3p,'
who tries in vain to bite Just the best of our
artists for the sole purpose, of course, of get-;
I ting some honey. 1
WILL send 3 receipts worth $10 to any lady for
j 23c. Address box 1140, Call office. >
QUINONIA Hair Tonic not only cleanses, but
beautifies. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair,"
free; I dress hair for 25c; good switches. $1;
finest, best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long,
$3; open Sundays from 3 to 12. G. LED-
ERER. 11l Stockton st.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. 514^ Geary.
QUINONIA is a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
TRUNKS moved, .25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. ; phone Main 49. ,
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
frefi bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse:
baths: genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 906 Market St., room 25, 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. j WALTER
N. BRUNT. E35 Clay «t.. S. T. ;
SUIT to order on . ea%y Installments. I*. ■
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
$14— Suit to order: samples: try one. NKU-
HAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and tallor-mnde units retailed at
wholpsnl* fieiirpf". . : 21 Sansome Bt.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. S6.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she !
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stnirn or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Pent! stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12CM5 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. TORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sleht:
diagnose? d'sease: full life reading: ladies 50c,
(rents sl; palm, and elairv. ; sit. ?1 10. 126 Turk.
MME. LE XORMAXDE. clairvoyant, card-
readpr, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth st.
MTSS MEL\ r IIvTE. (Treat clairvoyant and
wnter reader. !>214 Mission; German spoken.
MRS. MAN'PEN'A. medium and nalmist: rend-
lngs 2'c and ROc this week; satisfaction. 2<i fith.
MME. HANBEN, palmist, cnrd-wrlter; past,
present ami future; 2."". 14S Sixth, room B,
JOPIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind read-
er. 223 Post Bt., room 11. second floor.
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chleaßo: card
reader. 906 Market St.. or !> Ellis, room 22.
MMX MOREAU, be«l mediam and card-
render: German spoken; 2.'c up. 73 Fourth st.
IDA tNGLEWOOD, can 1 , reader, magnetic
healer. 12« Fourth St.. room 23.
MRS. RAY from Chicatro, magnetic healer and
card reader. 1015 Market St.. room 1". 2d floor.
MME. RAVEXA reads life fluently: business
advice: names Riven: 2> up. "> Fourth st.
RAY FAIR, card read-r: rrn*netlc healing: a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MME, tSOKBATT. test medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader: J"ic up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MME. SYRTLLK. crad!" to (rrave: future hus-
band's picture 25c; lndfen. 914 O'Farrell st.
MT?P F.I">XA V. GRANT. ISI Taylor st., room
S: mind reader and palmist.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dnily. 128U Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. PR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never Tails; advice: help. !>?!> Po«t.
4 MARKF.T ST. T.ranch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
TEST meeting. 8 p. m., 10c, 335 McAllister;
Stitt, Nlta, Meakln, Hargrave, Evens, Gil-
lingham..
LARKIN. 111—8 p. m.; Mr. Simpson, Mrs. I.
Smith, lecturing; Mrs. Drews, tests; free.
! MRS. ALICK FAY, , medium and magnetic
I healer. 32 Lewis *t. off Jones, near Post.
I MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: clr. Tues.
Frl. eves.. 10c: readings daily, 25, 50c. 108 6th.
! BOOKS— and spiritual at 1429 Market
St., office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, j independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght.st.
MRS. J. J. . WHITNET, spiritual medium, for
messages ami advtrn ?1R Stnfktnn St.-*"
MONEY TO LOAN.
] ANY amount at fi l per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates,' undivided Inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture . and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
' gomery, room 3. : : ■
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no.- delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick . on' furniture,- pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, : bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
|5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; privnte offices. M. E.
POnOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and privnte place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94R Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $?f> up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary »t.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal: any amount: lowest
rates. HECKER & CO., 32!? Montgomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low Interest:
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular llrpnsed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates: tel Red 1121: established 1869.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages. estatPß in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, SOS California St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist nnd 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MI'RPHT, 628 Mkt «t.
i ON pianos, furniture: n-> removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 11G McAllister st.
! SIXTH, 10— MoRt reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
. FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. MfAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgome— St.
L.OST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savlngß
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. ESSIE CLUNAN, No. 205.756.
The flnder will please return to bank.
LOST— A reward of $ICO will be paid for re-
turn of pearl pin lost Sunday night between
Palace and St. Nicholas Hotels. XILES
SEARLS. St. Nicholas.
LOST— Lady's pearl watch, at Austrian Hall.
Buph anrt Powell sts.. Saturday night. Re-
turn to 715 Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST— Saratoga Hall. February 12, gold chain
bracelet, valued as keepsake; liberal reward.
240 Kearny Bt.
SUNDAY evening, lady's brooch, near Central
Methodist Church; 111 Hermann st. ; reward.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
FOUND.
FOUND— Last Sunday, a lady's gold watch;
owner can have same by proving property.
Call or address J. W. R., 52 Sacramento st.
CITY RE..I. ESTATE.
BIG "VALUE~IN ~~
Real Estate at
A. M. SPECK & CO. '9, 602 Market.
Loans, 6 to 6V2 per cent; Insurance, etc.
$125,000. <~
Business property; gilt edge; one tenant; rent
tioo.
$100,000.
Corner; 75 feet, with new improvements; near
Orpheum; for secured tenant; rents $700.
$110,000.
90x120 feet, within block of Tivoll.
$75,000.
Corner; 200x137:6; on Leavenworth St.; partly
Improved; rents $500.
$35,000.
Cor; 220x100; vicinity Mission and l«th
$30,000.
70-foot corner on Powell st, few blocks from
Orpheum.
$20,000.
Cor. business property; rents $1800 (new im-
provements).
$14,000.
—Fine Investment near the Maze; rents $1200.—
tuao.
Two-story house, stable and large lot on
Pine st.
$2300— Four flats; rents $32.
Other Bargains. Other Bargains.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; only cor-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work: every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
Fts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
IF YOU INTENP BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge; best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. KEDNALL, Builder, 1326 Haye3 st.
NEW house, 7 rs.. bath; easy terms: Mission;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABI?{. 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. _
839 HAVES ST. -Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY UEAL ESTATE.
WANTED to rent— Milk dairy In suitable lo-
cation for shipping milk to San Francisco;
give particulars; cash rent. Address A. 8.,
box 1034, Call.
2 SMALL ranches In Santa Cruz mountains, 7^4
miles from Santa Cruz. Address W. E.
FALKKR. 546 Ocean st., Santa Cruz.
FOR sale— 3SS9-acre ranch at $50; crops. Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, S years old, in full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
20C1 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Rus»
House. 141 Montgomery 3t., S. F., Cal.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
627 MONTGOMERY st.. branch office of the
Call; want (ids and subscriptions taken.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEtA HOMES.
FINE two-story house on Broadway: lot 50x
140: price $2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista nve.; lot 50xl."0: price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye.: lot
60x102; price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 60x140; price
ISBSO.
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye. : lot
33x100: price $2WO. New 6-room cottage on
Fanta Clara nve.; lot 3F>xllO; price $2fiso. For
Investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500: worth $14,000: half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1608 Webster Ft.. Alameda.
next o drugstore. A. R. DEVKE Sr.
$12!)0-SACRIFICE: lot 40x207. with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
school: easy terms.
$2Son— New modern cottage; lot 40x150: fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$1600; snap.
$2Prv>. Beautiful new R-room house, complete;
lot 60x908; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo-room house; lot 60x140;
Alameua'2 best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12.750 — Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; propertien bringing $130 per month:
mortgage of $wn can remain; bargain.
•Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St., Alameda.
AT a big bargain— l2-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda: a corner
lot "'< feet by 174 feet: house cost when built
$7noo-. now to be had at less than $r.noo. For
particulars inquire Of HERMAN CORDES.
1322 High St.. Alnmeda.
[ 2-STORY house of 7 rooms: lot 5(>xl00; artesian
well, windmill, tank; must be sold; make an
offer. T. F. BATRD. IW3 Pnrk St.. Alameda.
lirciIKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR the T'niverslty and Station— 4 fine lots
for amount of mortgage and Interest; a posi-
tive bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets. pJanosT
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1021
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evening*.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. TV.
ZEKFCSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAffIsT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bo indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BLOCK— In this city, February 7, 1898, to the
wife of Frederick D. Block, a son.
HEYNEMANN— In this city, February 14. 1898,
to the wife of Louis Heynemann. a son.
INMAN— In Bishop. Cal., February 9, 1898, to
the wife of Claude C. Inman. a son.
LEVY— In Stockton, Cal., February in, IS9B, to
the wife of Max Le,vy. a son.
Mi KENN A— February 8. 1898, to the wife of
J. F. McKenna, a son.
SIMON— In this city, February 15, 1898. to the
wife of Alfred Simon, a daughter.
MARRIfcD.
BABBITT-HILTON-In San Jose, February ..
I^**. Charles H. Babbitt and Florence Hil-
ton.
DIBD.
Barry, Mrs. Ellen Lykke, Charles
Bltzo. Nicholas MrManus, Emilia
Brugge. Ferdinand • Marston. Charles W.
Butler, Henry Myers, David
Button, Frank VT. Nachtigall. Emille
Collom, George W, Nicols, Alice V.
Cunniff. Catherine Ragsvllle, Mrs. L.
Edmondson, John G. Rebut, Amand
Eldredge, Captain K. Robinson. Albion T.
Emery* Ida E. Sherer, John
Offke, Henry W. Stark. Luke
Gill, Mary Sullivan, Elizabeth
Granfield, Morris Sullivan. John
Griffin, James Veen, Clara
Hagan. Jennie Weatherwax, Grace
Rope, Irene M. Wilder. Alvin D.
Islip. Mary J. Zimmer, Jacob
Luckow, Eddie M.
BARRY— In this city, February 15, IS9S, Mrs.
Ellen Barry, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
$y Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O oclock. from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Dominic's Church.
Steii;er and Hush streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Benicla, Cal.
BITZO— In this city, Nicholas Bitzo, a native
of Greece, aged 40 years.
(CTFriends ani acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Western Addition Funeral Directors.
242S California street, thence to the Russian
Cathedral, Powell street, near Filbert, for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Greek Cemetery.
BRUGGE— In this city, February 13, 1898, Fer-
dinand, twin brother of Henry and brother
of John and Hermann Brugge, a native or
Eck^mfoeide, Schleswig, Germany, aged 44
years 7 months and 5 days. (Vallejo papers
please copy.)
tCTFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 oclock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 937 Mission street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city, February 15, 1898,
Henry Butler, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 63 years.
BUTTON— In this city. February 15, 1898,
Frank W. Button, a native ot Michigan, aged
31 years 1 month and 4 days.
CUNNIFF— In Oakland. February 14. 189S,
Catherine, beloved wife of John Cunniff. t
native of Altone, County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 65 years and 6 months.
(pyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at r> o'clock, from her late
residence. 96S East Twelfth street, near
Twentieth avenue, thence to St. Anthony's
ChuicU, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at. 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
COLLOM— In this city, February 13, IS9B,
George W. Collom, a native of Pennsylvania
aged 33 years.
O"The funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EDMONDSON— In this city. February 14, 1893.
at his residence. 3142 Twenty-flrst street,
John George Edmondson, dearly beloved hus-
band of Fanny Edmondson, a native of
South Shields, England, ;.ged 40 years and 8
months. (South Shields, England, papers
please copy.)
(u^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30,
and A. M. Private services at residence. In-
ternunt Masonic- Cemetery.
ELDREDGE— In Alameda, February 14, 1898,
Captain Kimball C. beloved husband of Mary
Helen Eldredge, a native of Maine, aged
78 years and 2 months.
!C?"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the First Congrega-
tional Church, corner of Post and Mason
streets, San Francisco. Interment private.
EMERY— In this city. February 16, 'IW. Ida
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Harry Emery.
of Greenwood, Mendocino County, daughter
of Mrs. M. E. Pettis. mother of Mrs. Charles
A. Murray, and grandmother of Florence I.
and Charles B. Murray, a native of Somerset,
Ma??., aged 41 years Z months and 10 days.
GEFFKE— In this city. February 14. 1898,
Henry W.. dearly beloved husband of Nellie
Gefflie, father of August Geffke. son of
llemy and Meta Geffke, and brother of the
late Herman and August Lisewski. a native
of Snn Francisco, aged 30 years 1 month and
8 Oays.
tC?"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursdny). at 1:80 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1010 Bryant street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
GILL — In Camp Independence, Inyo County.
Cal.. February 1. lgSg, Mary GUI. aged 31
years 11 months and 2^ days.
GRANFIELD— In this city, February is, IS9B,
Morris Ciranfleld, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 46 year?.
GRIFFIN— In Oakland, at St. Mary'« College,
February 14. lS?<s Brother Cianan. knr.wn in
the world as James Griffin, a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 64 years 7 months
and 20 days.
C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from St. Mary's College, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at '.) o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HAGAN— In this city, February 13, 18»S. Jen-
nie, beloved child of James and Jennie S.
Hagan, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years 9 month* and 10 'lays.
tC7"Friond3 of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral thle day (Wednesday), at
8:11 o'clock, from the residence of the
parents, 3 Seymour avenue, thence to Holy
Cros.? Church, where mass will be said, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
HOPE— In this city. February 15. IWS. of scar-
latina, Irene M. Hope, beloved daughter of
Marguerite D. and John J. Harrigan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 years 9 months
and 28 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandfather, Matthew Nunan, 422 Oak
street. Interment private.
ISLIP— In this city. February 15. 1898, Mary
J., dearly beloved wife of George B. Islip,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 78
years.
K?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3'i o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital Chapel, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock, thence
to train. Third and Townsend streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LI'CKOW— In this city. February 14. 1898, Ed-
die M. Luck' w, a native of Sacramento, aged
6 years an* l 19 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day.
(Wednesday), at ?:3 r > o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parent?, 431<1 Twenty-third street,
near Douglass. Interment private.
LYKKE-In the City and County Hospital.
February 14. lSr>S, Charles Lykke, a native of
Norway, aged 5C years.
MeMANt'P— ln this city. February 14, 1838,
Emilia, beloved wife of James McManus. and
daughter of Sara Duhle, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 28 years ! month and 1 day.
|Cs'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at !» o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 710 Broadway, thence to the Spanish
Church of Nu-ftra Senora de Guadalupe,
Broadway, near Mason street, where a mass
will be s-aid for the repnge of her soul, com-
mencing at l*:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARSTON— In this city, February 14, 1898,
Charles Wingerter, dearly beloved and only
child of' Frank W. and Minerva Marston, a
native of San Francisco, . ged 4 years 10
months and 2S day?.
IE7 1 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the family residence,
2MI Jackson street, near Devisadero. Inter-
ment private.
MYERS— In Olema. Cal.. February 14. 1838,
David, belrved husband of Julia Myers,
father of Mathew, Mary. John. William and
Francis Myers and Mrs. G. W. Crandall. and
brother of Ivlward Myers, a native of Cork.
Ireland, aged 57 years. (Boston, Mass., pa-
pers please copy.)
IC?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, fmrn his lat<»
residence, thence t<> Lmiries Church, Olema.
Cal., where a solemn hi«h requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment San Rafael.
Cal.
NACHTIGALL— In this city, February 14. IS9S,
EmP.le, beloved wife of Fred Nachtigall. and
mother of Mamie Nachtlgail. a native of
Prus'ila. Germany, aged 56 years.
CTFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:.10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr At Co., 12'i!> Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NICOLS— In this city, February 14, 1898, Alice
V., beloved daughter of G. and Mary Xlcols,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
RAGSVILLE— In East San Jose, February 13.
IS9S. Mrs. Louisa Rngsville, a native of
North Carolina, ogea l.i years.
REBI'T- In this city. February IS, IX9B. Amand
Retmt, beloved husband of Jop.'phine, and
father of Marie and Louise Rebut and Mrs.
F. Thomas, a native of Havre, France, aged
67 years 4 months and 11 days.
(TJ? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2759 Mission street, corner of Twenty-
fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In Alameda. February 13. 1898,
Albion Thomas Robinson, a native of Maine,
aged C>o years 4 months and 2ft days.
SHERKR— In this city, P'ebruary 14, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Sherer, and
father of Joseph F. Sherer, Mrs. H. J. Doni-
son and Mr*. C. McColgan, a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 yeras.
IHTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .jneral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, ?? Willow avenue, off Larkin
street, between Eddy and Ellis, thence to
St. Boniface Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
hlB roul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
CVm°tery. ■ ,
STARK—In this city. February 15. IS9B. Luke
Stark, a native of New York, aced 53 years
2 months and 8 days.
lC?'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van
Ness avenue.
SULLIVAN— In Haywards, Mariposa County.
Cal.. February 14. IS9B. Elizabeth M.. be-
loved daughter of Mary A. and the late Wil-
liam Sullivan, and s-ister of Nellie and Dan-
iel Sullivan and Sarah 3. Uayward, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 5
months.
SriiLlVAN— ln this city. February 15. IW.
John Sullivan, beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Slattery and Mrs. Ann MeNamara of West-
port Mendocino County, and nephew of Mrs
Elizabeth Nelson, a native of South Carolina,
aged 37 year?.
(T-?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:90 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. J. Slattery, UN
Montgomery street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
VFEN— In this city, February 15. IS9S. Clara,
beloved wife of Frank J. Veen, mother of
Stale and Augrst Veen, daughter of Claus
and Elizabeth Wreden. and sister of Mrs. J.
F Witzel and Henry M. and William G.
AVreden. a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years c> months and 10 days.
rr3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-rmrrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 2113 Taj lor street. Interment
Odd Fellow.V Cemetery.
WHATHEttWAX— In Alameda, February 13,
1868 Grace Alaine Wentherwai, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 23 years 4 months and 4
days.
WILDER— In Oakland, February 14.1595. Alvln
Dumond Wilder, a native of New York State,
' aged 54 years 6 months and 13 days.
{^Funeral at First Conventional Church.
Oakland, " thi3 day (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock, l Intorment private. -
ZIMMER— In this city, February 14. IS3B, Ja-
cot>, beloved son of Susanna and the late
Jacob Zlmmer, < and brother of ..time, Lizzie
and John Zimmer, :■ Mrs. Julia Gollner and
. Mrß. Susie Daiss, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years and 4 months. , :. . ■
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attenM the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1526 Powell street, thence to St. Johan-
nes Church, 1315 Mason street, between Paci-
fic and Jackson. Interment I. O. O. F. Ce>ne-
.:; tery.-.' ..■;■-••. ■■■.•.---.■• ■-V--.;"; : ■---•.: ' ::
IMcav^T&'gallagher'!"^ 1 !"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS k EMBALMHRS 1
20 TIITH ST., Of p. Lincoln School. ;
Telephone. South SO. **
I- ■■-h. b. .m'avoy. uanSfer. I
mcAVOY .>•'&. CO., §
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EAIBALMERS, |
, VHi Market St.. between 3th aud Kth. 3
 Telephone. South 'it,. • '' I '
Estab. JBSS. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us*
of oui patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulanca.
1112
FLOOD'S LIPS
ARE UNSEALED
The Aged Cashier Says He Did
Not Gain by Altering the
Donohoe=Kelly Books,
Coogan and Fox Are Thought to be the Men
Who Made the Money and Pardon
Will Be Asked.
According to a confession made to
Attorney W. W. Foote. the lips of
James W. Flood, the convicted
cashier, who is serving a term at San
Quentin for embezzling fund* of the
Donohoe-Kelly Bank, will he unseaVil
at a meeting of the prison directors to
day. He will ask for a' pardon, and the
aged cashier's defense will be, in short,
that he was a partner of the firm, and
that he acted as he did in the matters
that caused him trouble because he was
a partner, therefore without criminal
intent, and that he did not have a fair
trial.
It will be contended that Flood, in
the capacity of partner of the firm,
loaned an amount exceeding one hun
dred thousand dollars. He advanced
this amount to James Coogan and one
Fox, who married a daughter of Sen
ator Stewart of Nevada. These men
had had a number of transactions at
the bank and their credit had always
been good. Coogan was asphyxiated
soon after the transactions that
caused Flood trouble and Fox
was never found afterward, from
which it was inferred that he made a
sudden exit from the country. Whether
Coogan committed suicide or was acci
dentally killed has never been ascer
tained.
A significant fact about the appeal
for mercy is that if the convicted
cashier had told all he knew long ago,
owing to the fact that he was in no
manner benefited by the crime, it is
likely that he would never have been
compelled to serve in the penitentiary.
According to Flood's story he ad
vanced the money in question without
the knowledge or consent of the bank.
At the time of the alleged crime the
bank had just sustained a shortage
BACHMANN IS
BADLY WANTED
He Was Treasurer of the San
Francisco Grutli-
Verein.
The Society Defrauded Out of Over
SI2OO and His Creditors Left
Unpaid.
The police are making diligent in
quiries in different parts of the State
for John E. Bachmann, a saloon-keeper
at 100 Ellis street, but they have small
chance of locating nim as he has had
several days' start of them.
Bachmann besides carrying on the
business of a saloon-keeper was treas
urer of the San Francisco Grutli-Ver
ein, an organization established for
benevolent and social purposes. It has
a membership of abo-ut 300 and has its
headquarters at 421 Post street. The
secretary is Charles Mueller.
The organization gave a masquerade
ball on February 5 at Saratoga Hall.
It was a great success, and after pay
ing all expenses there was a sum of
over $600 to be handed over to Treas
urer Bachmann. Bachmann got the
money the following day and the offi
cers of the society congratulated them
selves upon having money in the
treasury, as a few days previous Bach
mann had drawn out $600 to pay a
death claim to the widow of one of
the members, but, which it was found,
he failed to do.
Their jcry was short-lived, as the ru
mor reached the ears of the secretary
Monday that Bachmann has abscond
ed and that his saloon was in the
hands of the Sheriff. It did not take
long to satisfy himself of the truth of
the rumor,' and he immediately con
sulted the trustees. The result was
that Louis Hauser, a dairy and pro
duce dealer, 2216 Fillmore street, as
one erf the trustees, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday morning charging Bach
mann with felony embezzlement in get
ting away with the $1200.
Bachmann's downfall is attributed
to gambling on the races and to his
fondness for fast women. About a
month ago his wife obtained a divorce
from him on the ground of failure to
provide. His friends say that when
he left the city a few days ago a well
known woman of questionable char
acter acec-mpanied him.
Besides the police several creditors
are very anxious to ascertain his
whereabouts, as it is said he has left
a considerable amount of unpaid bills
behind him.
CAPTAIN GOODALL ARRESTED.
Charged With Cruelly Beating and
Wounding Seamen on the
Cottage City.
Captain Harry Goodall of the steamer
Cottage City was arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Baldwin on a
warrant charging him with beating and
■wounding seamen. Tho captain was at
once taken before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock and was released
on his own recognizance until February
25. when he will appear for examina
tion.
The complaint was made two weeks ago
on the arrival of the Cottage City by
August Tode who brought five or six
other mrmbers of the crew to verify his
statement. Their story as told to Dep
uty United States Attorney Bert Schles
inger was to the effect that Goodall kept
the crew at work *on several occasions
for twenty-four hours at a stretch with
out any interval of rest, and that on one
of those occasions, when they asked for
half an hour's rest, the captain refused
to grant their request and ordered them
to "turn to." which in sailor parlance
means some kind of work. The crew
at once mutinied and would neither turn
"to" nor "from." In fact, they would
not turn at all.
Tode, as spokesman and ringleader, was
put in irons, and he and the seamen with
him asserted that while ironed he was
beaten by the captain.
Captain Goodall denies the charge. The
sailors at the time they made the com
plaint were inmates of the Sailors' Home,
but they informed the United States At
torney a few days afterward that they
had removed to a sailor boarding house
on Mission street. It is believed that
they, or many of them, have gone to sea.
A Sovereign Remedy .
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure, 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails; 25c; all druggist*. •
owing to bad loans to a man in Contra
Costa County whose name is unknown
to the general public. Flood, it seems,
did not desire to have his bank know
that he had advanced the money which
p..t him into trouble, so he hoped
:,.-t hope that he could in some way
retrieve the losses that occurred by
reason of his unauthorized lendings.
If the story of his confession is to be
believed Flood took considerable money
of his own and put it into a sort of
hotch-potch fund so as to hide his
loaning transactions from the^ knowl
edge of his partners. In seeking to
hide the knowledge of what he had
done from his partners the cashier was
finally forced to falsify his books.
One of the strong points of the case
will be that Flood's conduct was
wholly without criminal intent. It is
alleged that he did nothing for per
sonal gain and that he was driven to
act through fear of involving himself
in trouble with his associates, and be
cause he, as cashier and a partner in
the transactions, was not to be judged
on the basis of a criminal.
Seen at the penitentiary Flood,
though quite reticent regarding the
transactions that involved him in
trouble and disgrace, said:
"I am as innocent of the crime as
you are, but I cannot talk about it.
I have no right to do so and I shall
not."
"Will you deny that a man named
Fox received about $50,000 of the money
which it is alleged you embezzled?" he
was asked. For the moment he
thought and then said:
"I will say nothing whatever. I am
innocent, and that is all."
He asked the reporter to realize the
position he was in and said he did not
see how he could say anything.
To-day the Prison Directors will meet
in special session. The regular meet
ing should have been held last Satur
day in San Quentin, but owing to a
lack of attendance it was adjourned.
ATHLETES AT THE
MINING FAIR
Brawny Young Men Help to
Entertain the Visitors to
the Exposition.
High Jumping and Springboard Div
ing Included in Last Night's
Amusement.
An athletic exhibition was the feature
of the entertainment at the Mining Fair
last night. Athletes from the San Fran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association,
the Mission Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Academic Athletic League. Lur
line Swimming Club. Verein Eintracht
Turn Section, and the T'nion Athletic
Club entered for the contests. An arena
was roped for the events in the center of
the floor.
The first event was a running high
jump. S. Macdougal of the San Francisco j
Christian Association was the winner, j
with a jump of a feet 6* t inches. D. J. i
] Grant of the Mission Christian Associa- |
j tion was second, making the same jump,
and L. Scheppler of the Verein Eintracht <
Turn Section third. A. Hinton of the !
' Union Athletic Club won the three stand- 1
ing broad jumps contest, with \Y. Lamont
,of the Mission Y. M. C. A. second. A
i quarter-mile potato race was won by W.
! Lamont of the Mission Y. M. C. A., with j
George Shaw Jr. of the same organization |
second, and F. W. Burgess of the Union |
Athletic Club third. P. W. Burgess of the !
i Union Athletic Club was the winner of
the springboard high dive. Charles Stew- j
art of the San Francisco Y. M. C. A. was j
' second.
The Pavilion was crowded all yesterday. ■
: During the afternoon there were no spe
i cial attractions and the exhibits of the
i mining counties came in for most of the
I attention of the visitors. The fair is be
! coming more popular and attractive as
j the. days go by, and never before has an
I exhibition in the Pavilion been favored |
' with such an attendance.
The programme of music for to-day is
; as follows:
AFTERNOON.
'Overture, "Fest" Lputner
! "Hungarian Dances" Brahms
: "Pizzicato Polka" Strauss
! Duo for plcolos Messrs. Bridges and Paulsen
I Melodies from "Paul Jones" Planquette
I "Dying Poet"' Gottschalk
I Solo for cornet '. W. B. Rogers
i Collection of Mexican aances Gomez
Waltz, "Blue Danube" Straus*
March, "New Tork Girl" Stein
EVENING.
Overture, "Fingal's Cave" Mendelssohn
Idyl. "The Mill In the Forest" Eilenberg
Scenes from "Macbeth" Verdi
Solo for trombone F. K. Tobin
Comic tattoo. "A Musical Strike".. ..Fahrbach
Fantasia, "Shamrock, Rose and Thistle"
Baetens
Solo for cornet W. B. Rogers
Melodies from "Mascotte" Audran
"Sketch on the I^evee" Puerner
March, "Mount Shasta" Eames
Granted a Divorce.
Mrs. M. S. Henderson was granted a
divorce from J. S. Henderson by Judge
Hebbard yesterday on the ground of cru
elty. Henderson originally filed suit
against his wife, alleging cruelty as a
cause of action, and Mrs. Henderson filed
a cross complaint. A decree was given
Mrs. Henderson. The plaintiff was or
dered to pay Mrs. Henderson $30 a month
alimony until further order of court.
Fatal Coal Oil xumes.
Luke Stark died yesterday in the City
and County Hospital from the injuries
received by inhaling the fumes of a
smoking coal oil lamp while asleep in
his room at 829 Stevenson street. The
deceased was a native of New York, 52
years old. He was a butcher by occu
pation.
Y. M. I. Lecture Bureau.
The committee of arrangements for the
annual lecture to be given under the
auspices of San Francisco Council No. 7
at Metropolitan Temple Thursday even
ing, February 17. on "The Practical Side
of City Government," has selected Hon.
Julius Kahn as president of the even
ing.
New Supply Association.
The Co-operative Supply Association
of California incorporated yesterday
with a capital stock of $500,000. The
directors are Frank Cornwall, John W.
Butler, S. H. Strite, Alfred K. Jones
and A. T. King.
Candlemas Entertainment.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the First
English Lutheran Church on Geary
street, near Gough, will give a Candle
mas entertainment to-morrow evening.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1898.
A NEW FEDERAL
VOLCANO RUMBLES
Former Clerks of Collector
Welburn Demand Reinstate
ment Without Fine.
United States Senators Will Enter the
Lists and Make Their
Fight.
That there Is another volcano nearly
ripe in the old red Federal building
there is no doubt in the minds of those
who know what is going on in political
circles.
The present perturbations and rumb
lings hover about the former precincts
of ex-Collector O. M. Welburn, and af
fect three clerks who were his tried and
trusted friends during his term of office.
These clerks are at present on the sus
pended list, owing to the evidence of
W. H. Dillard, the strange colored
clerk, who was contradicted by all of
them, and owing to the recommenda
tions, so reports go, of Captain Thrash
er, the relentless sleuth of the revenue
department.
If current reports be true the odd
feature of the case Is that the row
caused by the action of the local de
partment involves the reinstatement of
more Democrats than Republicans,
though Republicans in power seem to
be more eager for the reinstatement
than the Democrats themselves. The
general opinion Is that the matter will
soon reach a determination. The sus
pended clerks feel sure that they will
all be reinstated without loss of salary
for the many months they have been
idle since the trouble first began.
According to current reports Miss
Alice Davidson, J. H. Zemansky and
E. T. Lennon, clerks who were sus
pended because Dillard swore that they
authorized him to sign their certifi
cates, though all contradicted him, are
making Rome howl. They have friends
in Congress and out, and they are
bending every energy to have the dis
mantled clerks reinstated without any
loss of salary and without disgrace.
"It has been rumored in Federal cir
cles for several weeks," said a well-in
EVICTION ON COMMERCIAL STREET.
Secretary Kane Takes the Dockerill Children From Their
Mother, Who Is Unfit to Be Their Guardian.
Down in front of 20 Commercial street there is a little heap of rubbish that
no one but a Junk man would stop to look at twice. The junk men do stop to
look at it, but. they glance rather disdainfully at the single mattresses from
which the Btraw is leaking, at the three chairs, the battered kitchen stove, the
big empty demijohn, and the odd bundle of clothes tied up In the hurry of evic
tion.
Dockerill, a one-legged drummer who supplies ships with pallors, his wife and
his three children— the youngest a year old, the oldest 6 ypars— were put out of
their home yesterday morning for non-payment of rent. Their unhappy experi
ence is not the first of its kind. On Steuart street they tell a similar tale of
eviction. The only difference is that this time Secretary Kane of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has possession of the babies, and to make
the family misery complete, Dockerill and his wife are at outs.
It's a common enough story down on the water front, tragically common.
The only thing that relieves the gloom and the squalor of it is the fact that
even here there is a difference of opinion as to the respective merits and demer
its of Dockerill and his wife.
Mrs. Dockerill is not to be Been. But the neighbors, who are on the lookout
from the backdoors of the saloon, will give you their version of the tale.
"You know how thim wan-legged men is," says a stout, gray-haired woman
with a red shawl over her shoulders. "They're mean; that's what they are. They
seem to be mad 'cause you've got two legs and they've got but one. The children
were all right. They ought not take her children away. She cried this morning
an' said she didn't care about the furniture, but she wanted her children. The
furniture! D'ye know what I'd do if it was mine? I'd get a junk man to taka it
all aft for 50 cints. That's what I'd do."
Mr. Dockerill, on the contrary, tells you that he stood "it" too long, that the
children should have been taken from such a home yean before.
"The lady," he said, alluding to his wife, and steadying himself on his
crutches, "the lady'd been sober for free mont's. She'd took the pledge. An' last
night at wan o'clock, when I came home, there she was out on the streets yet, not
fit to take care of herself, and the children at home crying.
"I'm glad Mr. Kane's got the children, f n' that they're being properly cared
for out at the Catholic Orphan Asylum. I dressed 'em myself this morning an'
fixed 'em best way I could. She's no right with the children. They're better off."
Surely they are. In that dingy, poverty stricken household, which longed for
the dignity of a water-front lodging-house, and never attained it, there was
endless quarreling; and the demijohn bought for one often sufficed for two. It
would be difficult for the youthful Dockerills to find a worse home, and they
might Just be fortunate enough to stumble upon a better.
FRAZIER MAY
GET THE PLACE
The Position of Western Di
vision Superintendent Lies
Between Him and Wright.
Nothing Definite Will B© Known
Until After the Return of General
Manager Kruttsehnltt.
The one topic of conversation in rail
road circles at present is the identity of
the man who will succeed to the place
in the Southern Pacific left vacant by the
death of A. D. Wilder. Though nothing
definite will be known until after the
return of General Manager Kruttschnitt
from his present tour of inspection over
the southern division of the road, yet it is
a foregone conclusion that the honor will
fall either to the lot of J. B. Wright, at
present and for many years past super
intendent of the Sacramento division, or
to J. L. Frazier, superintendent of the
coast division, with every indication in
favor of the latter.
Mr. Frazier has the reputation of being
one of the ablest men in the employ of the
Southern Pacific. He first attracted the
attention of Mr. Huntington by the
thoroughness of his management of a
division of the Chesapeake and Ohio
when the president of the Southern Pa
cific was interested in that road. Mr.
Frazier had 350 miles of track under his
control there, and such was the ability
he displayed that when Mr. Huntington
turned his attention to Western railroad
ing he brought Frazier out here and put
him in charge of the Wadsworth divi
sion.
His stay there, however, was of short
duration, and it was not long before he
was managing the coast division, a posi
tion the next in importance to that held
by Mr. Wilder.
The coast division now embraces the
narrow-gauge system, which includes the
ferries, and was originally called the
Santa Cruz division, but was amalgam
ated witn the coast division soon after
Mr. Frazier assumed the superintendency.
In Childhood's Realm.
An entertainment will be given by the
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church to-mor
row evening, the feature of which will
be "An Evening in Childhood's Realm."
O'Brien's patent spring: best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street •
formed official yesterday, "that Collec
tor Lynch at one time received specific
orders to reinstate all the clerks with
out loss of salary. Captain Thrasher,
who has been trying to make a record,
objected, and for that reason there has
been a delay in the execution of the
order, but for which circumstance all
the clerks would have been back m
their places long ago. and the trouble
growing out of the Welburn affair, so
far as it affected others than he, would
have been a matter of the past."
Messrs. Gilchrist, Zemansky and Lln
non denied the story told by the colored
clerk Dlllard, while Miss Jessup, who
also knew of the story, was not called
at all.
According to reports current in Fed-,
eral circles Senators White and Perkins
have decided that if the suspended
clerks are not soon reinstated they will
introduce a resolution in the Senate
asking that the entire case affecting
the Collector's office be Investigated by
proper Federal authorities, in which
event there would be more of a stir
over local Federal politics than has
been heard in half a generation over
matters of even far greater import than
the status of a few clerks in a sub
ordinate position.
Though Collector Lynch has studi
ously avoided mention of the fact it is
now known that all of the clerks who
lost their places by reason of the evi
dence of Clerk Dillard some weeks ago
filed a spirited reply to the charges
against them. This was on record soon
after the trouble though this fact and
the contents of the reply have been
carefully suppressed by the Collector.
The clerks who are "on the inside"
say that the present Collector is almost
wholly under the domination of Captain
Thrasher. They are not opposed to the
captain, but they say he is so pugna
cious and so angered because the jury
found Welburn not guilty that he can
not for a moment tolerate any of the
former Collector's friends.
MORE WORK FOR
THE GRAND JURY
It Will Investigate Some Bonds
Submitted in the Police
Court.
They Had for Sureties Alexander
Campbell Jr. and Thomas
King.
It Is claimed that the Grand Jury will
have some work to do In the cases of the
two bondsmen for J. "W. Boardman and
George E. Brown, the druggists who
were prosecuted for unlawfully affixing
a counterfeit trademark on goods.
The defendants were to have appeared
in Police Judge Joachimsen's court on the
sth inst. , but when the casea were called
for trial it was found that the druggists
had jumped their bonds. Boardman is
said to be in Mexico at the present mo
ment, and Brown is still in the city. Tne
two bondsmen were Attorney Alexander
Campbell Jr. and Thomas King of 764
Mission street, and they both qualified
on real estate of the alleged value of
$3000. It is now reported that neither of
the bondsmen owns real estate of that
value, and that the city stands a very
poor chance of collecting the amount of
the defendants' bonds.
It is alleged that Judge Carroll Cook
has taken a hand in the matter, and pro
poses to bring Attorney Alexander Camp
bell Jr. before the Grand Jury on a
charge of obtaining the release of a pris
oner on defective bonds, and It is said
that the jurors will take some action in
the case to-day.
The North Pole Project.
Lieutenant R. E. Peary, U. S. N., the
Arctic explorer, delivered a most Inter
esting lecture at Metropolitan Hall last
night, and those who were present list
ened to a vivid description of the hard
ships experienced by the hardy explorer
in penetrating the region of ice which is
supposed to lead to the hitherto undiscov
ered North Pole. What made the lecture
doubly Interesting was a series of stereop
ticon views collected by the Lieutenant
during his travels In the land designated
by him as the Arctic Sahara, and the pic
tures were received with the liveliest ex
pressions of satisfaction and demonstra
tions of applause by the audience which
gathered to hear him. He will repeat his
lecture to-night.
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c 417 Sansome St.*
WILL FIGHT
THE POWDER
COMBINE
Miners Will Have
Their Own Works
If Necessary.
Why the Price of Blast
ing Powder Suddenly
Advanced.
The Manufacturers Become
Weary of Competing
Against One Another.
PROFITLESS COMPETITION.
Capital Now Interested in the Fight
Between the Producer and
Consumer.
The powder trust on the Pacific Coast
will shortly be broken if the plans of
those opposed to it do not fail. An at
tempt will be made to disrupt the com
bine, and the indications are that it
will succeed. The greater part of the
output of the powder factories on the
coast is bought by local miners. For
a time, when the rival powder com
panies were fighting one another, the
miners had no cause for complaint The
powder necessary for blasting pur
poses could be bought by them at
prices that gave to the manufacturers
but small profit.
Among the manufacturers It was a
matter of cutting prices to get trade,
and the miners received the benefit of
their rivalry. After a time, it came to
the minds of the owners of the several
powder factories that the fight, if con
tinued, would mean a loss to all of
them. There were several meetings
held, and it was finally decided to quit
the fight and agree on a uniform price
for blasting and giant powder. While
the war was on the miners were bene
fited. When the combine was made
the miners found that they were ex
pected to pay what had been lost by the
manufacturers during the period of op
position.
The prices were raised about 25 per
cent, and it was then that those en
gaged in mining determined to battle
with the trust.
Within the past few days several
meetings have been held by mine own
ers and superintendents of mines, and
the determination arrived at to not
quietly submit to the combine. The
mining men found that they could In
terest capital In their fight, and it Is
their intention to have a new factory
established in this State.
They have agreed to enter into con
tracts with any company that will fur
nish them with giant powder at a rea
sonable price. None of the contracts
is to be for less than ten years nor
more than fifteen years. All the min
ers will ask is that powder be fur
nished them at reasonable rates. If
they do not succeed in getting a plant
of their own they will subscribe to
ward the establishment of one.
The powder manufacturers at pres
ent engaged in the business claim that
the trust was formed after they dis
covered that their competition in busi
ness caused them all to lose money.
They say that the combine would
never have been made had it not been
that self-preservation required it.
J. F. Nesmith, secretary of the Cali
fornia Powder Works, gave the fol
lowing explanation yesterday of the
advance in prices:
"Some time ago we advanced the
price of giant powder about 20 per
cent, and all other works on the coast
did the same thing, simply because we
were tired of manufacturing powder
for nothing, and decided to make a
little profit *ut of it. About three
years ago the various manufactories
began cutting rates until the matter
finally went so far that while we were
selling powder for just what it cost
us, the other concerns were selling it
for a trine less than the cost of the
manufacture. Of course this thing
could not go on forever, and we finally
decided to raise the price sufficiently
to make a safe profit which would in
sure us against loss by possible cas
ualties at our works.
"As far as any agreement between
the manufacturers is concerned it
amounts to Just this: If you go into
a business house of any kind in the
city and ask the price of a certain
commodity, then go out to another you
will find their prices practically the
same, although there may be no agree
ment between them. So it is with us.
If you visit the offices of the various
powder works in this city you will find
that fifty pounds of giant powder will
cost about the same in one place as an
other, and it was this way when the
rate war was on. Of course, we being
the largest works on the coast, gener
ally set the price, and whatever lead
we take will be almost unquestionably
followed by the others.
"I do not believe the prices wiU ad
vance any further, unless, of course,
there should be a heavy advance in the
price of raw material. Sulphur, for in
stance, recently took a Jump of about
20 per cent, but we did not advance our
prices any on that account, as it fluc
tuates very much and the next move
may be a corresponding drop. Should
the price continue high for a great
length of time, however, or should it
increase much we may be obliged to
slightly raise the prices. We very much
prefer to set a fair price and sell
the goods at that, as it is much more
convenient for us. There has been
no advance in the price of granulated
powders, nor is it at all probable that
there will be."
SOLEMNLY LAID TO REST.
Last Rites Performed Over the Body
of Miss Annie Gottlob.
Grief-stricken relatives and sorrowing
friends solemnly laid to rest the body of
the late Miss Annie Gottlob yesterday
morning in the Hills of Eternity Ceme
tery at San Mateo.
Just previous to the departure of th«
funeral procession from her former
home at 863 Bush street, hundreds of
friends visited there to pay their respects
to the dead and take a last look at the
young and beloved face ere it was locked
for all eternity within its narrow con
fines in the grave.
Many floral tributes had been sent to
the home as marks of esteem from the
many friends who mourned the loss of
the dead woman as that of a sister.
Over the casket was thrown a pall con
sisting of gentle folds of smllax and
lilies of the valley. Surmounting this
beautiful covering was a tribute placed
there by her two brothers, consisting of
immense bunches of pink orchids and
maiden-hair fern.
The Rev. Jacob Voorsariger of the Tem
ple Emmanu-El conducted the religious
ceremony, delivering a beautiful tribute
In honor of the pure and exemplary life
of the deceased.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . _^^~~—
PRINTED
DRESS
FABRICS
• •••, >• By jy -W^r CJ •••••••
We beg to announce the opening of a
very large and elegant stocK of tr;e very
latest productions of Foreign and Do-
mestic PRINTED DRESS GOODS. We
call special attention to our new lines of
French; Printed Cballies, French) Printed
Organdies, Irish Printed Diroities, f enc b
Printed Jaconets, Printed Percales and
Genuine Cheviots and Madras Cloths.
SPECIALS!
PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, exquisite de-
signs, 31 inches wide—
25c Yard.
AMERICAN PRINTED ORGANDIES, 31 Inches
wide, beautiful designs—
15c Yard.
GENUINE MADRAS ZEPHYRS, 31 inches wide,
very latest styles—
15c Yard.
! ; '■
mT/-vrfTi-T OUR MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT is
\\§ lII* most complete, and our patrons residing
1 ~ V-r m. a-*, in the INTERIOR are requested to writo
?or samples of our NEW WASH DRESS FABRICS at once.
All orders from the country will receive prompt and care-
ful attention.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADMISSIONS OF
THE DEFENDANT
Figel Had an Account With
the First National
Bank.
The Defense However States That
Embezzlement Charges Will
Be Lett for Proof.
Testimony of many descriptions was
given In the Figel case yesterday. One
witness would be called to speak of blood
stains and loud words, and again the
evidence would rest on checks, blank
books and receipts, for the purpose of
proving a motive for the alleged murder
following the louu words testified to.
General Barnes was rather late making
his appearance, as he had been called as
a witness in another department, but
when he took his seat by the side of the
defendant. Henry L. Smith, secretary of
the Board of Trade, was called to again
testify to the "Board of Trade" check for
$436 36. He was followed by Clarence M.
Post, a clerk in the employ of -xoffman,
Rothchild & Co., who testified that Figel
had been in the habit of opening letters
addressed to the firm, but always in the
presence of Isaac Hoffman, and that
other clerks in the employ of the firm
had been given the same privilege.
Joseph M. Rothchild, brother of Ed
ward S. Kothchild and a partner of At
torney Henry Ach, was next called. His
testimony touched upon business trans
actions here and there, and also reverted
to the keeping of an account by the de
fendant in the First National Bank, which
the witness stated was contrary to the
orders of the members of the firm. The
defense admitted that the defendant had
received moneys cnarged and nad deposit
ed them to his own account in the i irst
National Bank, but it was stated by
General Barnes t.-u... the offense of em
bezzlement would be left for proof. The
admission was accepted by the prosecu
tion, but it proceeded to show that Theo
dore Figel had received and misappro
priated the funds.
Henry Jacobs, a drayman, was then
called, and his testimony as to his having
seen Lauer, the drayman, on the even-
Ing of June 1 was twisted in with the
testimony on embezzlement charges and
allegations.
Just prior to the noon recess Attorney
Ach was placed on the stand, and at the
opening of the afternoon session the wit
ness was recalled. He went over an
interview he had with Theodore Figcl
concerning various checks which con
cerned the firm, and on which hinges
the charges of embezzlement. Eight
checks on the London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank, calling for from $1000 to $3000,
were spoken of tending to prove that the
defendant had drawn the checks for his
own use, and had afterward forged the
narre of Tssaac Hoffman on a receipt for
$.COO prior to the alleged murder for the
rurpos-e of diverting suspicion :"rom him
self. The cash books, etc., were r.hiced
in evidence and much testimony given
at the preliminary examination was
heard. There was no cross-examina
tion.
M. Zirker, a Merced merchant, told of
payments made to the firm of Hoffman,
Rothchild & Co., for $750 and $1300, and
that he had received full value for the
amounts. S. E. Cornell, also a clothier
of Merced, was called concerning a check
for $294 46 and the defense admitted that
the defendant had signed checks and re
ceipts and would continue to do so when
ever given a chance.
Isaac Geillert testified that he had re
ceived $1300 from Mr. Zirker and had
given him a receipt for it. Bernard Jo
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tk#f»c- >«
 limlh STfr ■ ■ , / , <r ■ — iEoo
seph was called to the stand, but ho
had not brought his books with him. It
was asked how long it would take to
get his book? and he said an hour. Gen
eral Barnes said: "He lives out on Sut
ter street by the gravoyard. where I wish
I was." The witness was excused, but
will be called this morning at 10 o'clock
to give testimony in regard to his busi-~
ness relations with the defendant. Th* K>
letter written by Isaac Hoffman, ad-^
dressed to "Dear Ed." was placed in evi
dence by the prosecution. Late in the
afternoon pieces of bone and bullets were
offered in evidence. After the jury had
been excused Judge Cook called the coun
sel for both prosecution and defense- and
said that as many witnesses giving tes
timony as to having received receipts
signed by the defendant had rome from
the country, some plan should be adopted
to hurry matters up. The idea waa
thought to be a good one and court ad
journed until 10 o'clock this rooming.
GOOD NEWS FOR FRUIT MEN.
A New Market to Be Opened for Cal-
ifornia's Products.
J. A. Filcher nf th« State Board of
Trade was in high spirts yesterday. He
was just in receipt of a letter from Zu
rich, Switzerland, which contains good
news for the fruit growers of Califor
nia. The letter in question was from
the late United States Consul, Eugene
Germain, and announced that a Euro
pean market would be especially thrown
open this year for California fruits.
It is thought this will have the effect
of raising the price on those fruits
quoted, and in consequence there may
be a great deal of local speculation that will
tend to liven the home market. The let
ter informs the State board that the rul
ing prices of the European market will
govern all exportations. One particu
larly bright fact is that a demand will
be made for that class of fruit which
heretofore has not even been put upon
the market.
The letter is as follows:
ZURICH. Jan. 28, IS9B.
Secretary State Board of Trade. San Fran
cisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough
to call the attention of the California fruit
growers to the fact that I will have a market
this coming season for any quantity of sun
dried apple cores and peelings, packed in bar
rels; also for sun-dried and evaporated apples,
quarters and halves, unpeeled. uncored and un
seeded, also packed in barrels? I'pon receipt
of samples and quantities to be had. not less
than carload lots of 24.000 pounds, 1 wju name
Job prices on the ruiing market in that part
of Europe where these goods are wante-1.
I write at this early period to enable STOweni
to prepare and save what otherwise is usually
thrown away. If you have any means to com
municate this Information to the people r of
California. Oregon and Washington I wrtuM
respectfully, ptatps ConsuL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIEIfT WATER,
FOH— —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
; & HEMORRHOIDS,
••The prototype of all Bitter Wat:rs." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." i>» itishJledicaUournal
- CAUTION: See that the label heart Cht Hgnch
ture at the firm. ■'•
Andreas Saxlehnei*. .
q Vldt DR. JORDAN'S Great
fgfL Museum of Anatomy <
f^^|, 10Ell!AEZ£TS7.let.£ti4 s. r. cv.
A ft The LirgtstofitskindlD tt.« World.
iHi$A DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' \ H^TB ' k.'"' Coninlt»:loa fre«. Writ* tor Book ,• ';
||;;If Philosophy of w Marriage.
* H MAI LI 0 FRCI.