VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 174.
A CHILD'S DEATH LEADS
TO A FATHER'S ARREST
The Supposed Berkeley Suicide
Believed to Have Been
Murdered.
Doctors Say That Miss
Brandes Did Not
Die From Stran
gulation.
As a sequel to the autopsy upon the body
of 16-year-old Lillian Brandes her father,
William Alfred Brandes, is confined in the
Alameda County Jail pending the verdict of
the Coroner's jury. Miss Brandes was
found dead on Saturday morning in Berke
ley, and to all appearances she died by her
own hand. The autopsy did not bear this
out. It was found that death resulted from
blows on the head. Mrs. Brandes, step
mother of the girl, admitted to Deputy
Sheriff Al White that she struck the child
with a stick last Wednesday night. At the
instance of the District Attorney the father
mas locked up without being formally
charged. The stepmother is is under police
surveillance.
William Aifred Brandes of Berkeley
is a prisoner in the Alameda County
Jail and his wife is under police sur
veillance. The man is held pending the
verdict of the Coroner's jury impaneled
to determine the cause of death of Lil
lian Brandes, only daughter of the pris
oner suffering detention. His frail slip
of a girl was found dead in her room
Saturday morning. Her father said she
■was hanging to the bedpost— suspended
by a common apron of soft material.
It was at first given out by the au
thorities as a simple case of suicide. The
girl was of morbid temperament, and,
according to neighbors' stories, had
lived unhappily with her stepmother.
The body was removed to the Berkeley
Morgue, and a superficial examination
showed the authorities that murder
most foul had been committed. The
body was marked from ankles. to head
■with bruises. An investigation was in
stituted at once, which finally resulted
In the arrest of the girl's father.
The autopsy disclosed the fact that
death had not resulted from strangula
tion, but from blows administered upon
the head of the young girl. The theory
of the six medical men who performed
the autopsy was that the child was
beaten over the head last Wednesday
night, when neighbors heard a quarrel
between the girl and her stepmother.
Bhe was not able to attend school the
r.ext day, nor was she seen about after
v, ard. The beating confined her to her
bed.
The doctors hold that the wnunds on
the neck are superficial, and that death
did not result from strangulation. The
apron, of soft material, would not have
left the marks on the girl's neck. These
show plainly the imprint of a stout
rope. Whether this was applied before
or after death could not be determined.
As the result of the autopsy pointed
to the father and stepmother of the
dead girl it was determined to place the
former under arrest at once to prevent
flight.
The police are not too sure that the
girl was ever suspended to the bedpost.
The only information given out regard
ing this comes from the father. He
affirms that when he entered the girl's I
room, after being summoned by his !
wife, he found his daughter hanging to
the bedpost. He cut her down, placed
her on the bed and hurried away to
summon the doctor. It is claimed the
material o-f the apron would not have
held the body without breaking, and in
any event it would not have left the
girl's neck in the condition in which it
was found.
When the officers approached
Brandes 1 house there were evidences
of a possible attempt at flight. A
horse and buggy stood before the door
when the officers entered, but it had
gone when they came out again.
Mr. Brandes apparently expected a
visit from the police, as he showed no
token of surprise when Deputy Sheriff
Al White, accompanied by Marshal
Lloyd of Berkeley, appeared. The offi
cers went to- the house soon after 6
o'clock and found Brandes standing
just outside the front door. He knew
Mr. White personally and invited him
Into the house. They entered the par
lor of the cottage, and there was a
painful pause for a moment, when Mr.
White said: "Brandes, I come to place
you under arrest."
Brandes looked at him and said:
-Oh!"
"He then said: "I must see my wife,
and made a move as though to leave
the room. Mr. White stopped him, say
ing he would have her called. Before
Mrs. Brandes entered the room the
Sheriff and his prisoner went to the
kitchen by another passageway. The
wife then went back and sat down
while her husband wrote a telegram.
The Import of the Sheriff's visit grad
ually broke upon Mrs. Brandes, and she
became hysterical. The husband called
her "sweetheart" and other endearing
names and tried to calm her. Her eyes
.and his were tearless.
Brandes sat at the kitchen table and
wrote with a steady hand. He stopped
' in the m: Idle of his telegram and asked
what the bail would be.
To this Mr. White gave an evasive
answer.
Later on he asked: "Have you a war
tint?"
"You know as well as I do that I
>}n't need one," was the rejoinder.
Before the prisoner was taken from
the bouse he had a short interview with
his wife in the presence of Deputy Slier
The San Francisco Call
iff Al White. In this interview Mrs.
Brandes admitted to Mr. White that
she struck the child during their alter
cation last Wednesday evening:.
The wife prayed aloud for strength to
withstand the ordeal through which
she was to pass. Her grief did not ap
pear genuine, owing to the melodra
matic manner in which she gave voice
to it.
The rooms bear mute testimony to ,
her ability as a housewife. The walls i
are covered with her handiwork and j
with trophies of the field. There are
rifles and knives, police clubs, hand
cuffs and other articles. Out of keeping I
with the alleged brutality shown the j
children of the household is a framed j
certificate showing that Brandes is a
member in good standing of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to j
Children.
The parting: between husband and
wife was a simple one, and Brandes was
at jpnce taken on board a Telegraph
avenue car. He smoked a cigar and
talked incessantly of the enemies who j
were plotting his ruin. He told of his
daughter being simple-minded, and also
said his wife was at times the same.
As the car passed under an electric I
street light he said It was always j
necessary to watch his daughter at the
full moon. He mistook the electric light
for the moon, and noting his mistake
relapsed into silence for a time. He
asked for whisky, but was not given
any. He was placed on the "small
book" at the jail. He will not be j
charged until the verdict of the Coro- j
ner's jury is submitted.
Brandes is a man of imperious man- j
ner. When he called his wife he al- j
ways fallowed her name immediately j
with a sharp, hissing whistle, such as
boys are wont to make through their |
teeth. This was shown toward his lit- |
tie son also, and gives the key to his j
domineering character. He is a thick- j
set, dark-complexioned man, with a j
sharp-pointed black mustache. He is !
38 years of age, an American by birth,
hut with a trace of some foreign lan
guage in his speech.
An important witness in the case has
disappeared. This Is a nan who wa?
used by Brandes as an assistant. He \
occupied a room in the basement ad- j
joining that of the murdered girl. On
the morning of the tragedy he left the
house about 8 o'clock and left town at
PRINCIPALS IN THE TRAGEDY
WHICH SHOCKED ALL BERKELEY
s
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
once. He has not been seen since. It
is thought he has full knowledge of the
dreadful crime and will prove a strong
witness for the prosecution if he can
be found.
The reticence of the deputy coroner
and of Dr. F. G. Whltworth, the at
tending physician, concerning the con
dition and appearance of the unfortu
nate girl's body, as reported in yester
day's Call, is now fully explained. The
deputy coroner, satisfied that no mere
explanation of voluntary suicide could
fully account for all the circumstances
of the case, ordered a thorough exami
nation of the remains to be made and
conferred at once with Chief Coroner
Baldwin. The latter called for a pre
liminary inquest on Saturday night, at
which District Attorney Charles F.
Snook was present.
Dr. Whltworth found the body in a
frightful condition. Black bruises, some
of them several inches square, marred
the skin. Back of the two shoulders
evidences pointed to blows of terrible
severity. Severe gashes appeared on
each cheek. The neck was completely
ringed with contusions, as If from a
rope drawn tightly around it, ihe red
marks appearing regularly in streaks.
An autopsy was ordered immediately
by the District Attorney. Evidence of
foul play pointed mutely from the
bruises and gashes, which it was clear
could neither have been self-inflicted
nor the result of mere hanging. Two
Sheriffs-d eputies had been detailed
meanwhile to guard the house, and
their vigilance remained unabated un
til late in the afternoon.
The autopsy, conducted by Dr. H.
Buteau of Oakland, was witnessed by
live local physicians, Drs. Eastman,
Shannon, Renell, Hoagland and Whit
worth. It consumed roughly about
three hours — from 3 o'clock till 6. At
the conclusion Dr. Buteau made the
following statement in his report to the
District Attorney:
"I have found the head very much
battered, with external markings on
the skin, indicating most brutal treat
ment. All evidences of hang-ing or
death by strangulation were only
superficial, being made probably aft
er death had really occurred. The
whole skull cap was badly bruised,
the injuries on the h«ad being suffi
cient to have brought about death.
They were most likely caused by some
hard object.
"The marks around the neck were
certainly not made by the apron
which was left hanging to the bed
post. The material of the latter was
quite soft, and had it caused strangu
lation, would have left a different
mark than the one which I found
encircling the neck. The marks could
Continued on Second Page.
THE LfITE SIR GEORGE SMYTHE BADEN-POWEI_£.
SIR GEORGE
BADEN-POWELL
PUSSES AWAY
Author and Political
Economist.
GRADUATED FROM OXFORD
BEPBESENTED EITCKLAND ON
IMPOBTANT MISSIONS.
Prolific Writer, Keen Sportsman and
Socially a Great Favorite
in the House of
Commons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— Sir George
Smythe Baden-Powell, the eminent po
litical economist, and author on Colo
nial affairs, who has represented the
Kirkdale division of Liverpool in Par
liament in the Conservative interest
since 1885, died to-day in his fifty-first
year.
The late Sir George Baden-Powell,
who was born at Oxford on December
24, 1847, was a son of the well-known
Rev. Baden-Powell, professor of geom
etry in the University of Oxford whose
magnum opus was written to demon
strate that science and revelation are
in harmony rather than antagonistic.
Sir George's mother was a dauffhter of
the distinguished British Admiral
Smythe. He was prepared for Oxford
at Marlborough and graduated from
the university with honors in 1878, win
ning the chancellorship prize for Eng
lish essay. In the interlude between
leaving Marlborough and taking up his
university studies, he traveled in In
dia and Australia and visited the prin
cipal European cities, as well as the
Cape.
The first year of his university ca
reer saw published his "New Homes
for the Old Country." This important
book" was pronounced by the .London
Times a "'standard work," the London
Athenaeum declaring it to be "an en
cyclopedia of Australian knowledge."
This volume was followed by two on
political economy — "Protection and Bad
Times" and "State Aid and Interfer-
ence."
In 1880 he went to the "West Indies to
investigate the effect of the sugar
bounty system on West Indian sugar
planting and two years later Mr. Glad
stone appointed him a special commis
sioner to report upon the administra
tion, revenue and expeditures of Great
J-.-1 .in's felonies in thr "West liidiej*.
His report, contained in five blue books,
was regarded as a complete summary
of West Indian affairs.
In 1885 he went to South Africa and
joined Sir Charles Warren In j-.,/:hua
naland, assisting him in diplomatic ne
gotiations with the native chiefs. At
this time he made a tour of investiga
tion of Bechuanaland, Zululand and
other countries in that part of Africa.
In the winter of 1886-87 he was in
Canada and the United States draw
ing up details in the fishery dispute, of
which Mr. Chamberlain was subse
quently commissioned to negotiate a
final arrangement
In the autumn of 1887 the British
Government sent him to Malta as the
colleague of Sir George Bower, who ar
ranged details of the new Malta consti
tution. It was at this time he received
the honor of knighthood. In 1891 he
was appointed joint commissioner on
the condition of seal life in Bering Sea.
He was most industrious and a pro
lific writer, a keen sportsman and so
cially a great favorite in the House of
Commons.
Evacuation of Cuba.
HAVANA, Nov. 20.— Captain General
Blanco received from Paris to-day a cable
authorizing him to draw on Paris for
$2 000,000 in gold, to be applied in the pay
ment of the Spanish troops in Cuba. This
amount is in addition to the proceeds of
the draft for £425.000 by the Madrid Gov
ernment on London, which was sold here
last week. The Spanish authorities are
making strenuous efforts to complete the
evacuation by the end of the. year.
DEVILS ISLE
SOON TO LOSE
ITS TENANT
Dreyfus' Exile Nears
Its End.
ALREADY HAS MORE FREEDOM
SEVERITY OP HIS JAILORS
RELAXED.
Paris Is Discussing Esterhazy's Me
moirs, Though It Attaches but
Little Importance to
Them.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Nov. 20.— The Govern
ment, according to the Temps,
has ordered a modification of
the prison treatment of former
Captain Dreyfus. Dreyfus is to
be allowed to promenade and ex
ercise six hours a day over an
area of eight acres.
PARIS, Nov. 20. — Unfortunate Drey- I
fus seems to be nearing the end of his I
period of probation. It now appears j
fairly certain that he will be brought
back to France within a very short
time. Already the severity of the
regime which he has been subjected
to is relaxed. In case he does return
here in all probability he will be con
fined in a civil conciergerie prison and
not in the military one of Cheriche j
Midi. This is really because after his I
degradation Dreyfus comes under the j
jurisdiction of the civil authorities. Alll
the same there are many who declare
this measure is being taken to insure
his safety.
A subject that is much discussed to
day is Count Esterhazy's memoirs. So
far nobody attaches much importance
to them. As a matter of fact the only
point brought out at present is Ester
hazy's amazing lack of conscience. He
claims he was the instrument of the
general staff. If this statement is true
it only shows what questionable tools
were necessary to prove Dreyfus
guilty.
These memoirs are written In a style
that we have become only too familiar
with during the polemic over the Drey
fus affair as conducted in some of the
gutter papers here, and leave a very
saddening impression.
The Liberti says that, after having
extracted money from the credulity of
the general staff, Esterhazy is trying
to exploit the credulity of the public.
SPENT SIX MONTHS
IN A MEXICAN JAIL
American Released TJpon the De
mand of Washington
Authorities.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Nov. 20.— Morton
Hudson of this city has just arrived from
Mexico, where he has been in prison for
over six months. Last February Hudson
and a friend named Powell went on a
prospecting tour near Toluca. Mexico.
They were returning from the town of
"Veregueria. where they had been to pur
chase supplies for their camp, when they
were set upon by Mexican highwaymen.
One of the Mexicans clapped a pistol to
Powell's head, but the American graspe.i
his assailant and the two fell from their
horses. The second Mexican, who was
armed with a sword, was in the act of
plunging it into Powell's back, when Hud
son brought him to the ground with a well
directed shot.
The first Mexican was rapidly overpow
ering Powell, when the latter called for
hel™ Hudson went to his assistance,
when the highwayman aimed his pistol
at the advancing man. Hudson was too
quick, however, and shot the man through
his breast. , ,
The two Americans then concealed
themselves in the mountains until they
finally decided to surrender to the Mexi
can authorities. Hudson was thrown into
jail at Tenancingo. but finally got a let
ter to his brothor in this city, and tho
authorities in Washington caused his trial
and release. Ex-Secretary of the Navy
Richard W. Thompson, W\ R. McKeel.
Senator Fairbanks and Congressman Far
ris were instrumontal in securing proper
treatment for Hudson.
Hudson is thin and pale from his con
finement, but is otherwise in good health.
gutierre? receives
aid from Honduras
President of Salvador Will Invade
His Own Country at the Head
of an Alien Army.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Nov. 20.— The revolution
which started in Salvador a few dßys ago
is headed by Thomas Regalado. the for
mer military inspector, who resigned to
be eligible for the Presidency after hav
ing been unanimously proclaimed by the
populace for the office.
The chief occasion for the outbreak Is
to upset the Central American Federation,
an adverse attitude having been assumed
by the Regalado party, with some pros
pects of success.
President Gutierrez is now in Hondu
ras organizing an expedition in combina
tion with that Government to Invade Sal
vador.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
ROBBED A GRAVE
New York Man's Alleged Attempt to
Defraud an Insurance Com
pany.
BALDWIN. Mich.. Nov. 20.-H. V.
White of New York is under arrest here,
suspected of grave robbing for the pur
pose of defrauding a life insurance com
pany of 13000. the ftmou^t 01 ir«i;— -i^ on
the life of his brother, Frank M. W. lte.
November WH. V. Wane came ..1 i.>r
the purpose, he said, of finding his broth
er whom he believed to have been foully
dealt with somewhere in this vicinity. A
body was finally found by White, which
he claimed to be that of his brother. In
vestigation developed that the body wan
that of a Baldwin man who had died in
August. His grave was found empty anc
in such condition as to show that th«
robbery had been committed very soot 1
.*f ter his buriai. 1
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WILL SUBMIT
ALTERNATIVES
TO THE DONS
Clear Declaration of
Uncle Sam.
PHILIPPINES MUST BE OURS
IF TAKEN BY CONQUEST IT WILL
COST SPAIN LEARLY.
To-Bay the American Commission
Will Present an Ultimatum So
Plain the Spaniards Will
Scarcely Object.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Nov. 20.— 1n politi
cal circles it is asserted that an
agreement has been reached be
tween the Peace Commissioners
in Paris. The Government, it is
officially announced, intends to
notify the Cuban bondholders
that Spain will not pay the Cu
ban debt, which will not be men
tioned in the peace treaty. The
Government considers itself com
pletely freed from these entan
glements, which fall upon the
nation exercising sovereignty and
collecting taxes in Cuba,
PARIS, Nov. 20.— The Spanish Peace
Commissioners have been notified that
the United States Commissioners will
be ready to treat with them in Joint
session to-morrow afternoon. Unless
the Spaniards have an adequate reason
for further delay the two commissions
will join in the most important meet
ing thus far held.
The American Commissioners, in a
written communication, will declare
that the third article of the protocol
regarding the Philippines is capable of
only one fair construction; that no rea
son is needed to elucidate its terms, and
that the United States cannot admit any
c-ther power to argue with her purely
as a lexologist. They will maintain
that the two commissions are charged
to determine whether Spain or the
United States shall in the future own
the Philippines. This will be accom
panied by the clear declaration that the
, United States will possess the Philip
pines.
Following this declaration the Amer
ican Commissioners will lay before the
Spanish two alternatives:
First— To accept a sum of money
from the United States and to cede and
evacuate the Philippines.
Second— To lose the Philippines to the
United States by conquest, with the
possibilities of other territorial losses
to indemnify the United States for the
added expense of conquest.
This communication may not be for
mally designated as an ultimatum, but
it will lack naught of the conclusive
ness indicated by that word. This will
be so plain that the Spanish Commis
sioners will scarcely haggle for money
on the first alternative, nor cherish any
doubt of American action under the
second should the first be declined.
None here except the American Com
missioners know how much will be
tendered Spain as the cheapest and
most humane way of settling the diffi
culty. She is exceedingly anxious to
escape the Philippine debt, and possibly
the sum to be offered may be deter
mined by an analysis of that debt,
which consists of $40,000,000 in bonds, on
which she realized $36,000,000. Of the
latter amount she is believed to have
expended some $10,000,000 or $11,000,000
in fighting the United States and a part
in attempting to quell the Philippine in
surgents. A reasonable guess at the
sum for tender would be $20,000,000, al
though it may fall below that.
The Cuban question may come up
again to-morrow. The American Com
mission had thought the discussion on
that point finished, but the Spanish
Commissioners are reported to have
declared last week that the mortgages
imposed by Spain on the Cuban, as well
as on the Philippine revenues, must not
be impaired or questioned. This would
compel the American Commissioners
soon— and probably to-morrow— to de
mand whether Spain means to repudi
ate the plain compact of the protocol to
relinquish sovereignty over and title to
Cuba.
Three weeks ago the Spanish Com
missioners accepted the Cuban article
in the protocol without conditions, save
its embodiment in the treaty should
depend on only an agreement here on
all the articles of the protocol. Re
cently, however, Spain's representatives
have said that the Cuban matter had
only been temporarily passed and was
still in abeyance.
BUT WILL SPAIN DARE
TO REJECT THE OFER?
LONDON, Nov. 21.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: "It
is asserted that the Government would
reject an ofter of $40,000,000 for the
Philippines as ridiculous."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: "Spain will decline in
demnity for the Philippines if the sum
offered appears inadequate in the eyes
of the nation."
The Daily Chronicle, In an editorial
on the Spanish-American situation this
morning, after expressing "some ap
prehension that we may have been mis
taken with regard to the Anglo-Ameri
can entente," points to tha "establish
ment of a medieval navigation law in
Porto Rico," and aska: "Is a still
graver disappointment coming in the
closing of the doors to our commerce
in the Philippines?"
British Bark on Fire.
LONDON, Nov. 20.-A dispatch from
Iquique says the British bark Inverlide,
Captain May, which arrived there on No
vember 2. from Montevideo, is an fir*2
THE CARDINAL
IS BEGINNING
TO IMPROVE
Players Recovering
From Bruises.
MOUNTAIN AIR BENEFICIAL
THE TEAM ATTENDS CHURCH AT
SARATOGA.
btanford's Practice Will Continue •
Until Tuesday Night — On
Wednesday the Men Go
to San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONGRESS SPRINGS, Nov. 20.— A
church service has done more for the
Stanford squad in dispelling the gloom
and restoring happiness of spirit than all
the exhortations of the coaches, who now
number four— Harrelson, Downing, Clem
ens and Coach-in-chief Cross. The team
went to church at Saratoga this morning
and returned a much gayer body of men.
Though the sudden Improvement in the.
spirits of the men is associated in point of
time with the church-going, the team to a
man asserts that one is not the conse
quence of the other. The difference in
their feelings is ascribed to the beneficial
effects of two days in the mountains. The
men with the malaria are beginning to
feel themselves again and the men with
the bruises and sprains are now in such
condition that they can don jacket and
moleskin and play.
There is certainly a marked improve
ment in the condition of the players now
gathered in their mountain retreat. Bur
meister. whose ankle and knee were giv
ing him considerable trouble, will recover
the full use of his kicking leg and will
undoubtedly appear in the game Thanks
giving day it no further accidents return
him to the repair shelf. James and all
.■•iit'rs of the first eleven are In pretty fair
physical condition at present and will un
doubtedly be strong by Thursday unless
they meet other mishaps. The second
eleven men are in good form and are
ready with the assistance of the graduate
players to make things warm for the var
sity.
No practice game was had to-day, the
men simply lining up in s.neir civilian
suits and going through the signals of the
new plays. Murphy donned a .suit, bow
ever, and practiced punting. He is back
to his old form in this particular, kick
ing fifty yards at every try. He now
weighs 148 pounds, is in splendid condi
tion and is playing the best of ball at
Congress Springs.
Freeman's dislocated shoulder may not
prevent him playing in the game on
Thursday. His toss would 1"* considered
the most serious that could befall the line
at the present time. His playing was of
such superior quality to that of any other
man trying for the position that his ab
sence will leave a great weakness in the
center. A harness has been made for him
and he will go into battle with this leath- 1
crn protection.
In the morning the team and the
coaches attended the service at Rev. Mr.
Cross' church at Saratoga. The sermon i
was localized to suit the occasion and was
listened to with much attention by the '
corps of rcd-sweatered atnietes who
crowded the benches.
Coach Cross looked a bit more cheerful ,
to-day. He said:
"I feel a bit more satisfied than I have j
been for some days. The men are recov- !
ering from their injuries and physical in
disposition, and I think the next two days |
will bring the team out of the rut. There i
Is still a great lack of team work, due I
to misfortunes rather than failure. I j
shall keep the team at hard work to-mor
row and Tuesday, practice morning and
afternoon."
BERKELEY IS CONFIDENT.
But Cochran Says the Tussle Will Be i
a Hard One.
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— Berkeley has
shown enthusiasm before, but never in
its history has it reached such a pitch as
now animates the adherents of the blue
and gold. The last week at the State Unl- j
versity has been one series of rallies,
speeches and yells. Old graduates, who
followed the pigskin in years g-one by
have sauntered back to the campus to
urge the team on to its work, and to help
chare in the tremendous outburst of col- |
lege spirit. A feeling of confidence ha«
settled on the wear, j,- of the blue and i
gold which neither tei%K>rary mishaps to
layers, nor the restraining influence 1
of the coach can shake in the least degree. I
Cochran, however, does not think the
outlook so promising. In an interview to
day he said:
"It eeems to me that the college is alto
gether too confident over this matter, and
fails to see that the game will be one of j
The hardest it has ever played. Stanford
Is likely to improve at least a hundred per
cent before Thanksgiving, and unless the
men here improve accordingly there is not j
so much hope for us. Nothing but the |
most faithful, conscientious work on the j
part of the team will give us any chance j
before the cardinal."
Whor. asked about the condition of the j
men and the work they were doing, Coch
ran said:
"The men at present seem to be in ex- !
cellent .condition. With the exception of I
Hopper, whose playing is now out of the I
question, all the players are quite ready I
for tho ilnal struggle. As to the work of j
the team, I feel quite satisfied with it. j
You cannot instill the genuine football
spirit into a college in one short year, and
Berkeli y has still much to learn. I be
lieve now that she '.as started in the
•ripht direction, and a few years may
bring pood results. As for It raining on
Thanksgiving, such an event would prove j
of advantage to Stanford, as her players I
■are. pn the average, four pounds heavier
:t.'.Ann ours. It would be a mere question of
•■•■ weight, and Stanford is ahead of us in
'.iliat.- I think that rain would materially
.Walter* the .prospects for either side. Of
/course.- I feel that the intense interest
"which seems to have boon worked up in
the college has had a telling- effect upon i
' AD \TLIITISE33IE2ITS.
Famous
Elite Limoges French China
•In dainty pink primroses and
clouded gold handles. Newest
shapes
Tea, Dinner, Salad, Berry,
Roast and Soup Sets
Everything attractive
Reasonable prices
•Great American Co,.
861 Market, 03. Powell 705 Larkln' St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third. 1819 Devlsadero St.
500 Kcarny St. 2008 FiMmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
. 355 linjcs St. . LJ2 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES: . ;
. 1053\VashiiiRtonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye.
, Vl7 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
• 15.10 Seventh St. , .. 
. ALAMEDA— I3SS Pork St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St., near Fourth.
. Write for Catalogue*
the team, but at the same time there is
such a thing as overconfldence, and
Berkeley seems to have it now."
TANNER SENDS ANOTHER
COMPANY TO PANA
I Citizens of the Mining Town Appeal
Successfully for Greater
Protection.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Nov. 20.—Notwith
standing the declaration made by Captain
K. C. Butler, in command of the National
Guard at Pana, made to Governor Tanner
! last night, that he felt able to cope with
I the situation with the troops at his com
! mand, a delegation of about fifty business
I men of Pana. headed by the former May
. or. Huber. visited the Governor at the ex
ecutivi mansion to-day and informed him
that Pana was in a state of terror, and
: that Captain Butler appeared to be Jnad< -
' quate to the occasion, and ask<d that the
rnor send more troops to Pana and
: make stringent measures to preserve the
: pc;i<-e. Accordingly Governor Tanner or
dered Company C, Fifth Illinois Infantry,
I to proceed to Pana this evening. The
nor superseded Captain Butler, who
has been in command at Pana. with Lieu
tenant Colonel Frank P. Wells, Fifth In
1 fantry, of Decatur.
PERRY SUFFERS LOSS
OF HALF A MILLION
Disastrous Fire Sweeps the Business
Portion of the lowa
City.
PERRY, lowa, Nov. 20.— At midniprht
the business portion of l'erry is burning,
and the fire is beyond control. A strong
northwest wind is sweeping the fire down
both sides of Second street. Several
large brick blocks are already gone, and
the Fire Department seems helpless. The
Pcs Moines Fire Department has been
sent for, and hose from surrounding
towns will be brought in. The fire started
in Mitchell's largo livery barn and was
soon communicated to the Grand Deader
department store across the street. 1:
iii Ti swept down the main street and over
the residence district in the center of
town.
The Methodist Church and the Citizens'
Bank are among the doomed buildings.
The loss at prese:u is abeut 5500,000.
UTE INDIANS OFF
THEIR RESERVATION
Large Detachment of Cavalry Will Be
Sent After the Mal
contents.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 80.-.A special
j to the Tribune from Pierce. Utah, says:
Nearly all the bucks of the White River
Ttr-s and part of the rim ah Indians are
off iheir reservations, and probably a treat
: many of thorn arc in Colorado. Henry
Harris, a half-breed, who was sent out
by the noting- agent, has so reported to
Major Ilsley. A laifp detachment of cav
j airy will be sent after them upon the ar
: rival <>f Captain Cuilford, who left here
i this morning 1 .
The Indians say if the Government
won't pay for the land it bought from
them they will hunt on it as often as they
j can get there to hunt.
TOO EAGER TO OBTAIN
PENSIONS FOR HIS MEN
Captain of Illinois Volunteers Ar
rested for Making False
Returns.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— Captain A. L. Bolt
of Company C, First Illinois Regiment,
has been arrested on charges of attempt
ing to defraud the United States Govern
ment and making false returns. The ac
cusations were made in a report which
Captain R. P. P. Wainwright, U. S. A.,
mustering 1 officer, forwarded to Washing
ton. In the preliminary examination be
fore the mustering out of the regiment, it
is claimed, Captain Bolt In his zeal to ob
tain pensions for his men made state
ments regarding their health and injuries
received In the trenches at Santiago which
were flatly contradicted by the men in
their answers to the mustering out officer.
THE CINCINNATI DAMAGED.
Injury to the Starboard Engine Ne
cessitates Her Recall.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Nov. 20.— Serious
damage to the starboard engine of the
Cincinnati will probably occasion her re- !
call to the United States. No towing will be ■
necessary, as the port f-ngine is in good I
condition to make the passage.
Captain James Shelly of the transport
Los Angeles, returning from Gibara, will
bring 4000 Mausers and he-ivy ordnance of
the Spaniards from Guantanamo.
Nineteenth. Body Recovered.
TOLEDO, Nov. 20.— After two months j
of search and the recovery of eighteen j
dead the grain handlers at the Union j
Elevator found the charrM body of an i
unknown man to-day. His appearance in
dicated him to have been a well-to-do I
man, and it is supposed he had been visit- I
ing the elevator at the time of the ex- :
plosion.
Killed by an Explosion.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 2».— A dispatch to
the Pester Lloyd from Nikolaleff, Russia,
at the confluence of the Inmul and the
Dug. says that twenty-one persons have
been killed there by an explosion in a
lecket factory.
Rev. Dr. Kane Dead.
BELFAST, Nov. 12.— Rev. Dr. Kane,
rector of Christ's Church, Belfast, and
grand master of the Belfast Orange, died
to-day from a stroke of apoplexy.
CHILD'S DEATH
LEADS TO IR
father's arrest
Continued from First Page.
have come there in no other -way than
by use of hard rope. The contusion
was in the shape of successive red
lines, corresponding to the rope's ;
threads. The act of stragulation was
most probably done after death had '
already set in.
"I regard the condition of the head
M in every way accountable for what
has happened. The rest of the body
was quite normal save for the super
ficial part of the skin and the multi- j
pie bruises whica mar it from head to ,
foot. I cannot be certain whether the '
marks on the neck were made a short
time before death or not — most profo- \
ably afterward."
The physicians conducting the au
topsy had not progressed very far be
fore pome clew was reached as to the |
fate which the young girl met. It w?.s
conclusive that she had been foully i
murdered by two severe blows upon the |
top of the head. An examination of the
brain failed to show any traces of men
tal derangement of any kind, as was
given out by the father the morning of
the tragedy. On the contrary all signs
pointed to an uncommon degree of in
telligence. To her school friends, who
were few, and to the neighbors' chil
dren in the vicinity she seemed subject
to no special mental unsoundness.
But the state of the "skull cap," or
the upper hemisphere of the skull, ex
plained the whole mystery. There, on j
each side, were two dark places, each
about two square inches In area. A
hasty examination revealed the fact
that opaqueness was due to the hemor
rhage of blood vessels within the bat
THE SAX FBA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION
IN A PARIS CAFE
One Woman Killed ar)d Eight
Other Persons Seriously
Injured.
PARIS, Nov. 20— A terrific expiosioo
occurred in tfye Cafe C^ampeaux, under-
Oeatt) the Havas Agency. A worr)an was
Killed outright and eigfyt other persons
were seriously injured.
It is thought tbe explosion was due
to ignited gas, but there are ruroors of
an anarchist plot.
•
• tered region. Other parts of the skull
: were perfectly sound, in strong contrast
! to the place where blows had fallen.
A consultation of the docto-rs present
reached the conclusion that Lilliar
lirandes met her fate at the hands o£
i some person, who had killed her by in
; ilicting two mortal blows upon the
head. ,
Attention being directed to the neck
! the idea of suicide by hanging was
speedily dispelled. Dr. Buteau found
the injuries here were all skin deep.
2w signs were present beneath Lhe
skin's surface to show that anything
had clutched the neck severely enough
to point to strangulation. The marks
were entirely superficial. Dr. Buteau
was of the opinion that the neck nad
been hastily squeezed by some tight
rope the pressure remaining on but a
short time. The physicians to
gether agreed that the soft apron,
which it was stated the father had cut
in taking the body down from the bed
could not account for the condi
tion in which the neck was found.
( »n hearing the result of the autopsy
the District Attorney held a short con
ference with Sheriff White, as a result
Of which it was decided to place
Brandes under arrest.
"J fun innocent of the charge made
against me of murdering my little girl,"
said Brandea after his arrest. "These
charges have been trumped up against
me by my enemies in order to ruin
my business. They have had me ar
rested before, but have never been
able to injure me, as their charges -were
always groundless. This time they
saw their opportunity and by making
this terrible charge against me expect
to break down my business. No one
will want to hire me as a watchman
n<>\v, as pebple will always point at me
and say, 'He was arrested and charged
with murdering his child.' This will
be sufficient to break up my business.
•1 came home on Saturday morning
and went upstairs to bed. In a few
minutes my wife called me and I
dressed hurriedly and went downstairs.
I found my daughte- hanging to the
bedpost, being suspended with an
apron. She was still warm a hen I cut
her down and laid her on the bed. I
did not wait a moment, but hurried
away for a doctor. When he came she
Was beyond aid.
"The child was simple-minded and
we were always in fear she would kill
herself. We found a knife secreted in
her bed to-night. At certain times she
was vfoient and difficult to manage. She
would steal knives, razors, money or
anything we had about the house.
"She had trouble with her stepmother
last Wednesday. I had $15 in the
house with which to pay a bill. We
missed it and accused her of taking
it. Hhe finally dug $14 out of the earth
in the back yard, where she had con
cealed it. We insisted on her giving
back the remaining dollar and she fin
ally did so. On Wednesday evening she
quarreled with her stepmother and
struck her with a stick. Mrs. Brandes
grabbed the stick from her and struck
her with it. In the scuffle that followed
the girl fell down the stairs. If there
are any bruises on her head that must
have been the time she received them.
1 I had determined to send her away
to a girl's school and she was to leave
on Saturday. She may have brooded
over this and determined to end her
life. She was always hard to manage
when the moon was full, it seeminy to
affect her very much. I blame the
Richards family, colored people, who
live next door to me, for this trouble.
They and some political enemies of
mine are responsible for this charge
against me.
"My wife is subject to fits and con
vulsions and I am afraid this will kill
her. She may take her own jile. I have
had more than my share of trouble, but
this is the most cruel of all. As God is
my Judge I did nut kill my little girl.
I v/ould give my right arm to have her
with me now."
Brandes' reputation In Berkeley,
where he acts as patrolman and night
watchman, is said to be of the very
worst kind. It was rumored, soon after
his arrival there from Sausalito, that
he had been driven away from the lat
ter place by enraged citizens, who re
garded his presence as a general nui
sance in the community. It is affirmed
he soon began to work a policy of
blackmail upon the residents of the
university town. As self-appointed pa
trolman and night watchman he levied
sums of $1 and $2 upon each house in
the neighborhood for the ostensible
purpose of protecting them from thieves
and burglars. He would represent the
condition of the town to be thoroughly
unsafe and extort monthly pay for ser
vices accordingly. Most of the resi
dents with whom his occupation
brought him in contact regarded him
as a nuisance, and paid the toll he ex
acted more for the sake of being rid
of him than anything else.
His plan of operation was an ill-con
cealed scheme of double dealing. With
in the district of his patrol are several
club houses, used by university stu
dents. To the residents generally he
has been known to represent that they
would be subject to indiscretions on the
part of the clubhouse members, in fre
quent disturbances of the peace, and on
the ground of preventing" these he has
levied his toll. From the clubhouse
members themselves he has exacted
money for the express purpose of
quietly Ignoring all that they might do.
This system of blackmail he has lately
found it difficult to carry out. ■"
More than once has he tried to secure
an appointment under , the Sheriff as ■ a
deputy constable. At one time he was
successful. But the enjoyment of his
official position was only shortlived.
The next day public indignation forced
the Sheriff to cancel the appointment,
and since then |he has received no offi
cial recognition from either county or
town authorities. : About seven months
ago he was arrested for , stealing lum-
ber from a neighbor's yard. ,
Among his immediate neighbors he is
said to be both feared and despised.
The treatment shown toward his two
children is notorious in the community.
Aside from the instances brought 1 to
light, in connection with . Saturday
morning's tragedy, he is said always to
have treated both boy and girl with
brutal severity, and to have made.their
lives miserable with harsh blows and
curse/* . j. •
CORBETT NEVER
IN BETTER FORM
This the Declaration
of His Trainer.
WILL WEIGH 182 POUNDS
SHARKEY TO BE SIX POUNDS
LIGHTER.
Indications Are That There Will Be
No Interference With the Mill
by the Police or
Others.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— That the 20
round bout getween James J. Corbett j
and Thomas Sharkey will be brought i
to a decision before the Lenox Club j
next Tuesday night without police or
other interference is now almost a cer- |
tainty. With the big contest only for- j
ty-eight hours hence, everything seems j
to be running smoothly, for, as yet, not j
one word of protest, lay or clerical, has I
been uttered in reference to the meet- 1
ing of the pugilists within the limts j
of the city. The legal authorities seem
to be prefectly satisfied that every de
tail of the Horton law governing pugil
istic exhibitions in this state will be
lived up to by the jvxlnclples.
Corbett is the favorite in the betting
at 100 to 80, and the general Impression
is that the rules governing the bout,
which call for a clean break, favor him.
The sailor pugilist is strong on In-fight
ing, but has yet to show any degree of
cleverness at long range work, while
the very opposite can be said of Cor
bett.
Another thing which good judges re
fer to is Sharkey's lack of control over
his temper when receiving punishment.
During his long weeks of hard train
ing under the supervision of Tom
O'Rourke, the sailor has learned to
govern his temper in this respect, and
great things are expected of him by his
friends and 1 ackers. No man could
have trained more carefully than Shar
key has, and the same can be said of
Corbett, to whom victory means much.
Charley White, who has charge of
the ex-champion's training, is more
than satisfied with Corbett's work and
present condition. He says his man
was never in better condition than
now, and, barring accident, will cer
tainly win.
Corbett, White says, will enter the
ring welghin- about 182 pounds.
O'Rourke said to-night Sharkey's
weight would be 176 pounds. Reports
from both sides to-night were to the
effect that each man Ss in the best con
dction physically and equally confident
of winding.
The advance Bale of seats has been
unusually heavy, amounting to nearly
$30,000. The purse of $20,000, it ia an
nounced, has been paid over to the
stakeholder, Frank Ferrel.
SCORE OF RECORDS
BROKEN BY WING
SAN JOSE, Nov. 20— John E. Win* of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen of San Fran
cisco broke the coast hour record and all
coast amateur records from two to twen
ty-five miles at Cyclers' Park to-day. In
the hour Wing rode 28 miles and 1089 1-3
yards. This breaks the former coast rec
ord of 25 miles and 978 yards, held by
Ralph Mussey of Los Angeles, by over
three miles, and is within 485 yards of the
world's amateur record. The pacing was
done by two triplets and six tandems
manned by San Francisco and local riders
and was very good, considering that many
of the riders were chosen at the last mo
ment. Floyd McFarland handled this
part of the event.
Wing went especially for the coast
amateur five, ten and fifteen mile rec
ords. The five miles were covered in 10:05,
breaking the record of 10:17 1-5, held by-
Sidney Vincent of the Bay City Wheel
men. The new ten-mile record is 20:42. It
was formerly 23:31, made by Ralph Mus-
Bey of Los Angeles. Wing set the 20-mil<?
mark at 52:30 3-5. Mussey held this rec
ord also, which was 58:44. The following
Is the official time:
Time. I Time.
1 mile 1:56 35 miles 31:1? 3-5
2 miles 3:51 MS miles 33:22
3 miles 5:57 3-5 17 miles 35:31
4 miles 7:59 1-5 18 miles 37:40 4-5
6 miles 10:05 ,19 mileß 39:50
« miles 12:11 20 miles 41:57 3-5
7 miles 14:18 21 miles 44:03 1-5
8 miles 18:24 1-5 22 miles 46:09 2-6
9 miles 18:31 3-5 i 23 miles 48:15 3-5
10 miles 20:42 j 24 mllea 50:21
11 miles 22:50 125 miles 52:30 3-f
12 miles 24:55 | 26 miles 54:35 4-5
13 mlJes 27;00 127 mlle« 56:43
14 miles 29:07 1-oi2B mllet 58:44 2-5
Ona hour — 28 miles 1089 1-1 yards.
Officials in charge were: Timers— H. D.
Hadenfelt. O. C. W.; C. M. Smuh, O. C.
W.; J. A. Desimore, G. C. Fred
Smith, Stanford.
Scorers— F. G. Monteieaere, W. D.
Wellß, H. L. Tanner, E. S. Reider.
Judges— R, Davis, Tony jjelmas, Russell
Durbin.
POWDER IN A COOKSTOVE.
Quarryman's Mistake Cosic at Least
Three Lives.
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, Nov. 20.— 8y an
accidental explosion to-day, George Fer
guson, a quarryman, is dying, two of his
children are dead and his wife and an
other child disfigured for life. Ferguson
poured the contents of a can of blasting
powder into the cook stove, supposing it
to be coaL J
STERNBERG'S
REPORT ON THE
MEDICAL WORK
Sickness Due to Camp
Conditions.
SURGEONS ALSO LIMITED
MANY CONTRACT DOCTORS EM
PLOYED DURING THE WAB.
Want of Sufficient Body of Trained
Hospital Corps Men Was Also
Keenly Felt in the Cuban
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Surgeon-
General George M. Sternberg haa made
his report to the Secretary of War. It
relates mainly to the work of the mcdi-
I cal corps during the war. The follow
ing are the more important features
of the report:
The number of medical officers, 192, al
lowed by law to the army In inadequate in
time of peace. The insufficiency in time
of war was met by the assignment of over
650 contract surgeons. Tne very small
proportion of medical officers having ex
perience of a military character impaired
ihe efficiency of the department ut the
outset, but many of the staff surgeons
from civil life showed great aptitude for j
the service and speedily became of value
as administrative sanitary officers.
No provision was made for hospital
corps men for the volunteer troops except
that which empowered the Secretary of
War to enlist as many privates of the hos
1 piuil corps as the service may require.
! The number of men enlisted and trans
ferred during the war was approximately
i 1-000.
The want of a sufficient body Of trained
I hospital corps men necessitated the detail
of enlisted men from the regiments for
hospital duty in several of the camps and
the employment of trained nurses at the j
general hospitals. Over 1700 female nurses j
1 nave been employed, at first at the gener- |
al hospitals and later at the field division
hospitals when it became evident that the
j field service purposes for which the latter
I had been organized would have to give
place to the imperative need of caring for
the many sick men coming from the regi
mental camps.
Immediately upon the declaration of
war, April 21*. steps were taken to obtain
medical supplies for the new volunteer
army. The manufacture was expedited
with the utmost dispatch. On May 3, fore
seeing that it would be impossible to have
ready for the issue to the volunteer regt
mentf. as soon as they were mustered in
the necessary articles of field equipment,
I telegraphed the Governors of the several
Stittos for authority to use the medical
i equipment of the National Guard in the
I service of the State until our army mcdi-
I cal supplies were ready for issue. Most of
tin- Governors who had field equipment
responded promptly and satisfactorily, but
unfortunately many of the State medical
departments had no such equipment.
Meanwhile the officers in charge of the
medical supply depots were directed to
make arrangements no that supplies could
be immediately obtained for 100,000 men
for six months.
Whenever the notice was received from
the adjutant general's office that com
mands were to oe moved or camps formed
I endeavored to anticipate the wants of
the troops by telegraphing to the officer
in charge of the nearest supply depot to
forward supplies for the stated number
of men.
In my opinion the reduction of the age
limit from 21 to 18 years and the haste
with which the volunteer regiments were
organized and mustered into the service
were responsible for much of the sickness
which was reported in the early days of
the camp life. All military experience
shows that young men upnder 21 yean
break down rapidly under the strain of
war service, and every regiment had
many of these youths in its ranks. Medi
cal examiners were appointed to testify
to the physical conditions of each man
before acceptance, but, notwithstanding
this, so many men were afterward found
on the sick lists of the camps unfit for
service from causes existing prior to en
listment that special arrangements had
to be made for their discharge.
Soon after the newly raised levies were
aggregated In large camps sickness
began to increase progressively from
causes that were so general in their op
eratfon that scarcely a regiment escaped
from their harmful influence. These
causes may largely be referred to ignor
ance on the part of officers of the princi
ples of camp sanitation and their duties
and responsibilities as regards to the wel
fare of the enlisted men in their com
mands.
The sites of certain of the camps have
been Instanced in the newspapers as the
cause of the sickness which was developed
in them; but a review of the whole situ
ation shows that it was not the site, but
the manner of its occupation which must
be held responsible for the manner and
spread of disease among the troops.
On April 25. IS9B. foreseeing the likelihood
of unsanitary conditions in the camps, I
issued circular No. 1 impressing upon
medical officers their responsibility in
sanitary matters and the necessity for a
strict sanitary policy, particularly in the
case of the sick and in the preservation
of the camp area from contamination.
But the necessity of the military popula- |
tion on the area of these contracted
camps prevented the possibility of good
sanitary- conditions. Camps of this char
acter rriay be occupied for a week or two
at a time without serious results, as in
the case of National Guardsmen out for !
ten days' practice during the summer, but
their continued occupation will inevitably :
result in the breaking down of the com
mand by diarrhoea, dysentery and
tynhoid fever.
Practically nothing was done to make
the men comfortable or remedy the sani
tary conditions until these were brought !
to the attention of the Secretary of War
by inspectors sent out from the War De- i
partment. Then the camps held for so j
long were abandoned, but not before the
manifestations of typhoid infection were '
rife in them. New sites were carefully
selected, regimental camps were expand
ed company tentage increased and board
flooring provided. Then for the first time
the troops went Into camps suitable for
continued occupation.
One prominent cause of the increase of
sickness In the early camps has been com
mented upon by only a few of our mcd- '
ical officers. These cite the prevalence of
drunkenress and of disease due to the
facilities and temptations afforded by
the proximity of cities to the larger
camps. They hold that if the systems of
the men had not been weakened by dissi
pation they would not have succumbed so
readily to the other influences which af
fected' them.
It was typhoid fever which broke down
tb« strength of the commands generally, !
the outbreak becoming distinctly manifest
in July. Sporadic cases appeared in most !
of the regiments in May and June, these '
cases having been brought, in many in-
Stances, from the State companies. In
fact, some regiments, as the Fifteenth
Minnesota, suffered more from this dis
ease- at their State rendezvous than any of i
the regiments at the large Federal camps. !
It appears from a general review of the
sanitary reports already filed that the i
prevalence of the disease was proportion
ed to the unsanitary camp conditions
which T have referred to. The probabil
ity of its communication- to soldiers In
camps through the agency of flies was
pointed out as a reason for Insisting on a
sanitary policy of the strictest character.
It in well known to the medical profession
that this fever is propagated by a con
taminated water supply, and it is now
recognized that the great prevalence of
this disease in an aggravated form in the
camps of the civil war was due to the use
of surface and shallow well waters infect
ed by typhoid excreta. To prevent the
transmission by. the water supply I rec
ommended the tse of boiled and filtered
water when a pure spring supply could
not be obtained and to enable an effi
cient fllteration of suspected waters to
be made, field filters of approved con- I
struction were issued on my recommenda
tion by the quartermaster's department.
CARE OF THE SICK AND WOUNDED.
The seriously sick were to be treated In
their division field hospitals unless their
transfer to the general hospital was ad
visable under the care of the most experi
enced < physicians and i able surgeons on
duty with each division. Medical officers
left on duty with their, regiments were to
exercise . sanitary supervision over/ the
well men and to determine whether a sol
dier reporting himself sick should be- sent
to the hospital or remain as a trivial
case under treatment in quarters. The
consolidation of the medical force by di
visions, implying,' as it did, the breaking
up of the regimental hospitals, met with
a strong opposition from regimental med
ical officers, particularly from those who
were not detailed for special service at
the division hospitals.
THE FIFTH x ARM V CORPS.
Long before this corps embarked for
Cuba Its field hospitals were in condition
'for efficient service. Subsequent events
have rendered valueless these'prepara
tions of the medical department. When
the command embarKed on the transport
vessels the baggage wagons and mules
were left behind. The ambulance trains
of all the divisions with a .arge part of
! the outfit of each of the hospitals were
■ also left behind.. Three ambulance wagons
were taken apart, and stored on one of
the vessels. These did excellent service
at San Juan and El Caney. Ten of the
ambulances of tne ihird or reserve divi
sion hospital were subsequently .shipped
to Cuba, where they urived July 2 and
were of value in moving ..he sick and
wounded to the hospital at Siboney and to
the hospital ships and transports. Of the
property and supplies carried to Cuba, a
portion was not available for service at
the time it was needed— to wit, on July
1, 2 and 3, when the wounded from El
Caney and San Juan were coming from
the front for care and treatment. This
was because,- in general, no opportunity
was afforded to land the medical prop
erty. Earnest efforts were made by med
ical officers to have supplies at the front
with the troons. During and after the
battles at El Caney and San Juan there
was an insufficiency of tents, cots, bed
ding and medicines, due to the causes
stated, but all the hospitals were well
equipped for surgical work. _
After the capitulation of Santiago the
troops at the front broke down rapidly
under the fatigues they had undergone
and the malarial influences to which they
were exposed; but by this time an ample
supply of tents, furniture, bedding, cloth
ing and medical stores had reached Sibo
nev, totgether with a corps of trained
nurses and a force of surgeons, who were
sent to duty at the yellow fever hospitals,
being immune to the disease. Meanwhile,
to relieve the pressure in the field hospi
tals, such convalescents and sick as could
bear the journey were sent to the I nited
States on transport vessels. This was an
emergency measure to redeye the hospi
j tals at Siboney and permit of he transfer
to them of the men who were sick in regi
mental camps. The transfer of troops
from Santiago to Montauk Point was also
an emergency measure and the great re
sponsibility of excluding ye llow £S v " /£_
fiction from every transport rested on the
medical officers who had charge of the
embarkation. Had they failed in this duty
the effect would have been disastrous dur
ing the voyage to the men on shipboard
and the risk of importing the disease into
this country would have been K^eatly In
creased It Is needless to refer at this
time to the complaints of starvation which
appeared almost da ly In the^newspapers
during the occupation of Camp IK™. ■
for it is now generally understood that
! the weakness, prostration anemia and
emaciation of so many of the troops were
the results of malarial, typhoid and > el
low fever from which the army suffered
as a consequence of its exposure to the
climatic Influences and to infections of
Santiago and its neighborhood pending
and subsequent to the surrender of the
city. '^-/
TROOPS IN THE HOME CAMPS.
The method of hospital organization in
these camps was practically the same,
and there was much similarity in the con
ditions affecting them and corresponding
ly in their history. Regiments reported
but in few Instances with the material and
supplies for their medical care; but they
brought sick men with them and these re
quired immediate care. Provision had to
be made for division hospitals in view of
future field service and for regimental
hospitals In view of the immediate neces
sity. Chief surgeons, officers and divisions
began the organization and equipment of
their field division hospitals and ambu
lance companies, but they were met at the
outset by the apparent impossibility of se
curing men for service as cooks, nurses,
litter bearers, ambulance drivers, team
sters, etc. As a result the hospitals were
kept in campaigning conditions; that is,
the tents were neither framed nor floored
until the increased prevalence of typhoid
fever attracted attention to their crowded i
condition, when the object of their exist
ence became suddenly changed from a
school for field service to a. hospital for
the treatment of a local outbreak of dis
ease. Special diet kitchens, under the
management of capable individuals, were
opened at most of the hospitals. Money
for this purpose was sent to them by me
from funds contributed and placed at my
disposal. Money was also sent directly by
individuals and representatives of aid so
cieties, and the Red Cross committees
supplied quantities of Ice and milk, chick
ens, eggs, lemons, etc., pajamas, night
shirts and other articles of hospital cloth
ing were provided by the Red Cross and
other aid societies. Subsequently the or
der placing the commutation of the sick
soldier's rations at 60 cents rendered these
hospitals independent of outside assist- '
ance. About July 20 the troops for the I
invasion of Porto Rico embarked and
sailed. The field hospital accommodation
with this expeditionary force was ample
and the supplies abundant.
TROOPS ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
The precautions taken to secure a good
sanitary condition on the vessels prior to
embarkation and the sanitary supervi
sion exercised over the men during their
long voyage must be credited to the ex
cellent condition of the troops at Manila.
The want of hospital corps men was the
main cause of the failure of chief sur
geons to establish their division hospitals
promptly Instead of organization for field
service, ' their time being occupied and their
energies spent in endeavoring to procure
the necessry men by enlistment or trans
fer After a time, when sickness invaded
the camps. and the division hospitals be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN
T>rkM-T T -FT TOUR PAST ERRORS WRECK THE HAPPINESS OF
your life You can be cured. Over 10,000 such men as you have been cured
during the past year by
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Thin is the only sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It has taken the
place of drugs, which never cure. Electricity °c life, and restores life to
men who have lost It. ■ - .
. . v ; Do you feel any of the effects of past neglect of
Are YOU ft the laws of health? The thoughtlessness of b0y-
_,.,.« hood and the Ignorance of girlhood ruin thousands
Weal M3II i . of lives. They take away nature** vitality, which is
the groundwork of health.
. v Perfect manhood depends unon It. True and
Ate lOfl 8 lovely womanhood is Impossible without It
™ aa u WAm.it? Electricity has done much for us. It Is a
Weak WOBiail f natural invigorant. No better way of , using It can
be found than Dr. Sanden's Eelectrlc Belt Its
n V««- ■•■ strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow
110 l OUr stronger day by day, and weak women regain the
xt -'«•"'" 1 1 " o i flush of health from it. .
WerVeS 1 remote* Dr. Sanden's Electric Bert is a grand remedy.
Its power Is felt Instantly. The blood Jumna
I> rt ac V««« with life from it. A valuable book for either sex
llOeS I OUr will be sent free : upon request. Consultation free
Back Ache an Call or addres. ..
DR. A.T.SANDEN, *— — "1*
102 Marktt Strut, OorßtfKsKiiy.Bißl'niidm ;■ HOT IN DRUG STORES. ',
• ■ Office hours. 8 a. *. to' 8 p. m.: Sundays. M ■ _. '
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 west i . Dr. Sanden's Electrlo Bolt
Second street; Portland. Or.. 855 Washington Is never sold In drug stores
street: Denver. Colo., 961 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only
Pallas, Tex.. Main street: Butte. Mont.. at our flea.
[ 110 North Main street. J *"~~ — - — "' '. ■■ ■— ' , ..^
came filled, operations for ■ field service
had to give place to the immediate ne
cessity of caring for the sick. The divi
sion hospitals became expanded as at Sib
oney and Tampa Into base hospitals, with
increased . needs - and Increased responsi
bilities. - -
GENERAL HOSPITALS.
Up to September 20 eleven general hos
pitals were established and fully manned
and equipped. These had a capacity of
nearly 7000 beds. At the same time cer
tain post hospitals having good accommo
dations were used for the treatment of
army cases generally, without alteration,
: of their official status as post hospital?.
My report presents tabulations compiled
from monthly reports of sick and wound
ed received from May to September, in
clusive and representing a strength* pres
sent of 167,168 men. These give full partic
ulars. There were 1715 deaths, of which
number 640 were occasioned by typhoid
fever 97 by malarial fevers and 393 by
diarrhoea and dysentery. The death rates
for May and June, .46 and .70, were not
in excess of those of the army in time or
peace. In July the rate became some
what higher than that, of most well-cared
for cities. 2.15 per month, or the equiva
lent of an annual rate of 25.80 per thou
sand living. In August it became exces
sive 4.08, equal to an annual rate or 4*.9«
per thousand. In September the influence
of measures taken in July and August. to
improve the health of the army becomes
manifest in the falling of the death rate
to 2.45, or the equivalent of an annual rate
of 29.40. The same progression to an,
acme in August, with a sudden fall in
September, in various ratios are given
under the specific titles, typhoid fever,
malarial fever and diarrhoea and kindred
diseases.- This is exceedingly gratifying
and must be credited, as stated, to the
sanitary measures adopted, for our expe
rience In the vivil war demonstrates that
in the absence of these measures the high
ratio of August would have been contin
ued for many months to come. From ta
bles of absolute numbers and of ratios by
which the incidents of sickness and rnor*
tallty of the regular troops and volunteer
troops may be contrasted, it will be seen
that the exposures of the regular troops
in the Santiago campaign gave them from
June to September a higher death rate
than the volunteers and that the rate of
the latter for August, the month of max
imum mortality, was 3.62, as compared
with 5 S3 among the regular troops.
VOLUNTEER RELIEF WORK.
Mv guiding principle throughout tho
war has been that relief, wnen needed,
should be promptly accepted without ref
erence to the source from which it came.
The relief afforded by the National Red
Cross at Siboney was promptly accepted
by the surgeons on the spot, but it is evi
dent that it was entirely inadequate to meet
the emergency. This association has had
full authority to send agents and sup
plies of various kinds in a most liberal
manner for the use of our veld hospitals.
Other organizations which have rendered
very valuable service are the National
Relief Commission, having its headquar
ters in Philadelphia, and the Massachu
setts Volunteer Aid Association, with
headquarters in Boston. Both of these
organizations fitted out hospital ships,
which were placed at my service for
transportation of our sick from Porto
Rico, and I take pleasure in tetifying to
the valuable services rendered by the
yacht May of the National Relief Com
mission and the hospital ship Bay State
of the Massachusetts Volunteer Aid As
sociation.
THE MEDICAL CORPS.
Before concluding my report of the op
erations of the Medical Department dur
ing our short and glorious war with
Spain, I feel it my duty to call special at
tention to the efficient services rendered
by the medical officers of the army in the
various responsible positions which the
exigencies of the service have made it
necessary for them to fill.
FATAL RAILWAY DISASTER.
Brakeman J. TJ. Lewis Killed in a
Wreck Near Dunsmuir.
DUNSMI'IR, Nov. 20.— A fatal railway
disaster occurred at an early hour this
morning three miles east of Delta. The
regular westbound freight train No. 28
had a pair of car trucks off the rails and
while the crew was engaged in replacing
the car on the track a special freight
train overtook it. crashing into the
caboose. It left the caboose in halves on
the boiler of engine No. 1573, Thomas
Fraser, engineer. Brakeman J. U.
Lewis was in the caboose. He was fa
tally crushed and died while being taken
to Delta for medical aid. The track was
cleared for the Oregon express without
the aid of the wrecking crew.
Death of a Stenographer.
HAVANA, Nov. 20.— W. "W. Mohun,
one of the stenographers attached to the
United States Evacuation Commission,
died last night of pneumonia. The re
mains were interred at the Colon ceme
tery.
Stranded Steamer Floated.
LONDON. Nov. 20.— The British steamer
Southgarth, Captain Perch, before re
ported stranded in a dangerous position
on Diana Bank, has been floated, and is
anchored at Gallipoli.
Mrs. C. Burkhardt Paralyzed.
Mrs. Christern Burkhardt, mother of
Frank Burkhardt, stage manager at the
Tivoli, was the old lady who fell para
lyzed on the Harrison street bridge last
Friday. She was identified and taken
from the Receiving Hospital to the home
of her daughter, Mrs. Furst. 1616 Turk
street, where she now lies in a critical
condition. Mrs. Burkhardfs seventy-third
birthday occurs on next Christmas day.
She is well known to a large circle of
friends in this city.
■ ♦ ■
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will ba displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.HOW SPIES OF THE McDONALDS PREYED
UPON EACH OTHER IN PLOTS FOR FAVOR
Strange Chapters in the iptMell
History of tlie Ruinefl
Institutions.
W. H. EasH Held. lie Bankers lii Boiastic Flat
tery — William Jeiinp's Sycopliancy
Meant a Living.
The letters of Dr William Jenningson
form one of ihe darkest chapters in
the history of the Pacific Ban.: and the
People's Home Savings Bank. Jen
son was the paid spy, sneak and
phant of R. H. McDonald Jr. F>>r
jears the young banker had this man
Lphorlcally on all fours, to kick
when he pleased, to abuse when the
inclination came to him and to use for
any contemptible purpose that Dick
found necessary to the success of his
plots and plans. Jenningson was
■d and despised by the other con
spirators who had surrounded the Mc-
Donalds. He was ready to resort to
any meanness and was barred from
any of the secret conferences when
ever the other schemers could do so.
During the existence of the banks he
;ed all over this State, pretending
ik into the affairs of the disas
trous schemes in which the young Mc-
Donalds had been made the victims.
Jenningson went to San Diego to
stick his official nose with more than
official arrogance into the accounts of
Cable Railroad and the
Bank, two concerns which
: he McDonalds a great deal of
y. Jennin~<=on's own written ree
f these visits would be interest
nly to those that are amused or
•'d at an exhibition of nanseat
attery. They form no legitimate
or material element in the history of
rents that ruined the Pacific
Bank and dragged down the People's
... Jennin- a did nothing to as
sist the McDonalds and very much to
injure them in his officious misconduct
of the affairs intrusted to him. He was
ally a parasite and attached
himself to the McDonalds in order that
lie might earn an easy living. He went
to Riverside and wrote Dick McDon
ald reams of nonsense telling what he
intended to do in reference to the af
fairs f<n..i desperate condition of the
Riverside Banking Company.
The only material outcome of his
visit to Riverside was to throw Miss E.
< . Dyer, the cashier, into hysterics
whenever his gaunt form darkened the
threshold of her bank. Whenever
Jenningson felt that he had not yet
tided to a depth of sycophancy
great enough to retain the favor of his
■r he sank to a lower depth. This
always had the desired effect and
brought Jenningson his expected re
ward.
DR. W. JENNINGSON'S PROFITLESS
JOURNEY TO LONDON.
He was sent on to London to secure
loans and wrote copiously to his master
scriptlon >>f his introduction to
swell clubs, of his invitation to swell
dinners and his association with the
financial aristocracy of th« great capi
tal, but he said not a word of results
accomplished. Then he went to Liv
erpool and finally returned to New
York to come under the scrutinizing
distrust of Dr. it. H. McDonald.
For many months in the latter part
of 1892. Dr. Jenningson remained in
Xew York, a hated interloper in the
camp of the conspirators. He very
frankly wrote in one of his letters that
everybody hated him and he was glad
of it. He said they looked upon him as
the spy of Dick McDonald and he was
proud of It. He knew that as stool
pigeon and sneak he had gone to New
York t. spy upon the other conspira
tors, and he very frankly admitted that
he was in love with the task. It made
no difference to him what others
thought of him, he said; he intended to
keep his promise to Dick, no matter
how far he was misunderstood.
After residing In New York for some
time Jenningson returned to this city,
and then was detailed to pry into other
affairs in which Dick McDonald was
interested. The young banker sent his
factotum to Amador County to look
into another disastrous Investment
there. Then he came back / tcf annoy
the corspirato .-; in the Californlan Il
lustrated Magazine, the San Francisco
Printing Company and the Panorama
Company. AH the while Jenningson was
inflating his master with adulation.
This clown performance kept up month
after month. When Jenningson had
nothing else to write, and he was in
duty bound to write to Dick every day,
Sundays and holidays included, he
roasted everybody that enjoyed the
confidence of the McDonalds. On one
day it would be Sherman upon whose
devoted head Jenningson would pour
hip abuse.
Then it would be Dyer or Johns or
any other of a dozen men Interested in
the banks.
THE WILD PERAMBULATIONS OF A
PARASITE.
While in Riverside, in the early part
of 1893, Jenningson referred casually,
in one of his letters, to a visit of Col
lis P. Huntington and William H. Mills.
Jenningson saw in this visit a promise
that Huntington intended to buy the
Riverside motor road. A few days
later Jqnningnon was off to Sacramento,
supposedly to take part in the scheme
to divide Fresno County and create
Madera County. The McDonalds had
placed a formidable lobby at the Capi
tol to secure this division, and Jenning
son went there as usual to s— on the
agents of his employer. He did this
with his customary Bervllity. In March,
1893, he was down at the John Brown
i colony and wrote Dick that he would
i do his best to Btop the plundering that
, was unquestionably going on at the
colony.
Occasionally he would stab Sherman
' again and caution Dick to beware of
' the J..OS Angeles Bchemer. One of his
i letters, written in I^os Angeles on
March "1. 1893. is characteristic. Hede
clares he has discovered a great com
bination on the part of Sherman and
Johns to rob the bai.k. "I have been
working to got the inside of what I
think is a combination," he wrc-te. "It
has been hard work, but believe I am
more than a match for them all. Dorns
will be speaking in my favor; well, pre
tend to take it a'l in. Also Sherman,
who will do the same thing, I think;
well, also take that in. It is a very
brilliant crowd and they believe I am
on to them — so I am. It is the best
course for the present to- pretend to be
lieve all they say. The trees, olives,
cost Joh^s $400 and no more. Pay
nothing of that nature till I arrive. The
$2500 you may have to put up to hold
motor interest. That is all right, but
send around to Housrhtc.-n's office and
pay only when you have to do so, when
you have to protect your interests. Give
nothing away to Sherman, for he will
likely inform a certain party, of whom
I have something to say when I
you. Be friendly with Dyer; it Js good
policy. Make something of him should
he arrive before I do; also good policy.
But give up nothing without the coin."
Once in a very great while Jenning-
Bon would write a letter of material in
terest.
JENNINGSON PROBES INTO THE AF
FAIRS OF THE JOHN BROWN COLONY.
In May, IS!*3, a month and a half be
fore the bank collapsed, Jenningson
was at the John Brown colony to re
port the condition of affairs there. He
declared that A. F. Johns was not act
ing fairly with the McDonalds, and
that young Johns had threatened to
come to San Francisco and punch the
head off Dick. The elder Johns, so Jen
ningson declared, was attempting to
divert from the Pacific Bank a very
great deal of valuable property.
This information was not new, and
as Jenningson did not possess a speak
ing acquaintance with the English
language the story may be better told
in the letters of one of the other con
spirators. When Dick McDonald had
no very pressing need of the services
of Dr. Jenningson, the spy was sent to
look after the personal affairs of Dick's
associates. Jenningson understood his
duty thorou~hly and slandered most
shamefully every one that Dick did not
like. It would be idle to reproduce this
slander, as it has no possible bearing
on the great events that culminated in
the ruin of the Pacific Bank. Jenning
son succeeded in keeping his hold upon
Dick McDonald long after both banks
failed. He was ready to do anything
hi? master dictated, and when Dick,
finding himself thrown out of the Pa- I
rifle Bank, landed in the People's
I'-ik, he discovered that Dr. William
Jenningson was still on his back. The
part that this man played in the secret
history of the two institutions forms a
disagreeable chapter but an essential
one to illustrate the character of the
men that R. K. McDonald and his two
sons drew around them.
EASTLAND WAS THE CRAFTY CLOWN
OF THE CONSPIRACY.
W. H. Eastland was the clown of the
conspiracy that destroyed the Pacific
Bank. He was as base as Dr. W. Jen
ningeon in his sycophancy, but far
more ridiculous in displaying it. His
flattery almost passes belief. He vied
with Jenningson in disgusting adula
tion and surpassed him in craft. While
Jenningson sought simply a livelihood
In exchange for his servility Eastland
schemed to win a fortune from the Mc-
Donalds. He was the president of a
boerus corporation known as the Alaska
Coal Company. In all their history the
McDonalds never entered into a more
dishonest transaction than that which
this Alaska Coal Company represented.
The mines of the company were sup
posed to be located at Coal Bay, Cooks
Inlet. The stock of the company was
floated in enormous quantities with an
alluring rate of interest, and was guar
anteed by the Pacific Bank through
the stupidity of Frank McDonald.
As a matter of fact the Alaska Coal
Company had a reality only on paper.
The corporation did not own a coai
mine or anything like one. It waa a
fraud in every aspect, and Eastland,
who thoroughly understood the fact,'
was willing to do anything for the
money of the McDonalds. He entered
the service of Dick McDonald as an
abject syco-hant read" and eager to
do anything his master commanded.
No task was too base for him to re
fuse, and while he wormed his way
into the confidence of Dick he foisted
his utterly worthless stock on the Pa
cific Bank. It was not until November,
1892, that Eastland left the control of
the Alaska Joal Company to his
brother, and devoted his own enprgies
exclusively to the personal service of
Dick McDonald.
EASTLAND CREATED HIMSELF A LIEU
TENANT GENERAL AND BEGINS
THE WAR.
In this service Eastland went to New
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
OR. W. JENNINGSON, THE SPY OF THE MCDONALDS.
During the later days of the Pacific Bank it was the policy of the McDonalds to
employ men to spy upon eac.i other. The young bankers under no circum
stances would trust even their own confidential agents. Among the spies
employed by the bankers none wils more serviceable or more despicable or
more ready to perform any service commanded of him than Dr. William
Jenningson. .
York to act as Dick's spy, and in a very
large measure to supersede Dr. Jen
ningson in that capacity. It was East
land's privilege to call Dick McDonald
every name that the tongue of flattery
could command. In the words of the
cunning sycophant Dick was the great
Napoleon of the American financial
world. He was the man chosen by
birth, education and ability to govern
the great affairs of finance in this coun
try. He was everything that was in
spiring and magnificent In the rising
generation. There was no praise too
extravagant for Eastland to ignore.
When Eastland went to New York the
situation of the Pacific Bank was ex
tremely desperate. Dick had been in
frantic seach for money for months.
and h^ could obtain absolutely no as
sistance from New York. Agent after
agent had been sent on but without re
sult, and finally Eastland was scurried
across the continent to take charge of
the situation.
He describes his arrival in New
York as the coming of a general to
command and organize the routed and
defeated forces of his superior. He
wrote Dick that he had arrived on the
field and had organized the army of
workers for immediate action. He pro
ceeded at once to adjust the situation,
to assign each worker an allotted and
congenial task, and to direct himself
the energies of each. Day after day he
wrote Dick pages of bombastic non
sense. Now he would sign himself W.
H. Eastland, commanding, and again
he was in the field a lieutenant gener
al, eager to solve the position of the en
emy, and all the while he wrote to
Dick telling him that the strong arm
of the young Napoleon of finance was
holding him up and urging him on to
victory. Occasionally he would inform
this young Napoleon that he had sold
another block of the stock of the
Alaska Coal Company, which the Pa
cific Bank promised to guarantee.
EASTLAND'S FLATTERY WAS TRANS
FORMED INTO GOLD.
Once in a while Dick would become
nervous and restless, and would de
mand of Eastland that he reduce his
enormous overdraft upon the books of
the Pacific Bank. But Eastland was
wily; he wanted to increase, not de
crease, his overdraft, and his flattery
won him his wish. After Eastland had
been in New York for a little while he
was In full collusion with Sherman,
Dyer, Johns and the other conspir
tors. He would intersperse his flattery
of Dick and his praise of himself with
absurd encomiums upon his confeder
ates. He maintained this ridiculous
but crafty position for many months.
In the latter part of November 1892,
when the situation of Dick McDonald
In this city was becoming daily more
desperate, Eastland assured his master
that already he could hear the shouts
of victory and see the heralds of a
splendid triumph. He was lying bom
bastically.
Dick's forces in New York, he de
clared, understood the wisdom of eter
nal vigilance, and were giving blow
for blow in the battle for financial ex
istence. This military absurdity is
one of the few amusing side lights in
the tragedy that ended in ruin. When
Eastland had nothin% elee to write and
his military vocabulary had exhausted
itself, he told Dick that he would read
and re-read the Young Napoleon's ef
fusions to gain new strength and new
fortitude for another conflict. These
letters were usually followed by an
other demand for money.
A SCHEME TO ROB THE PEOPLE'S BANK
OF TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND
DOLLARS.
Occasionally Eastland would inter
rupt his flow of flattery to tell himself
how able and honest he was. Under
standing thoroughly the appalling dis
honesty of the McDonalds and their
confederates, Eastland in one of his
letters suggested a scheme by which
the People's Home Savings Bank could
be robbed further to the extent of $200,
000 to save the Pacific Bank from the
crushing burden of O. T. Dyer and his
Riverside Institution. Eastland wrote
| his letter on December 19. 1892. The
i epistle, in part, is as follows:
"The matter is in reference to a set
tlement of O. T. Dyer and his banking
institution. The matter as submitted
to me is this: Dyer is to give mort
; gages upon real estate that will be
| accepted by the People's Home Savings
i Bank, upon which they will advance to
I the Pacific Bank $200,000. This amount
is to go to the credit of Dyer's bank in
part payment of its indebtedness to the
Pacific Bank, and Dyer and his bank
are to turn over to the Pacific Bank
such other solvent and acceptable se
curities in an amount sufficient to se
cure and protect and satisfy the Paci
fic Bank's management in the remain
ing indebtedness of the Riverside
Banking Company and O. T. Dyer, col
lectively and individually. Of course, in
all these matters I submit to your
splendid financial abilities and your
high conception of commercial transac
tions."
This scheme was one of many dis
cussed by the conspirators to reb the
People's Bank. Eastland, as already
indicated, was used by Dick McDonald
for any purpose. Shortly after the
election of President Cleveland in No
vember, 1892, Dick McDonald commis
sioned Eastland to wait on the Presi
dent of the United States and invite
him to a banquet in San Francisco.
Eastland accepted the commission in
all seriousness. In accepting it he
wrote: "I have talked with your good
father, and I can see now that you will
be one of the great young financiers of
the times." A few days later Eastland
informed Dick that he had sold 2000
shares of the Alaska Coal Company,
which the "great young financier" in
dorsed and guaranteed.
THE CRAFTY FLATTERER FORGOT HIM
SELF AND TOLD THE TRUTH.
Eastland occasionally seemed to for
get himself and tell the truth. In one
letter he candidly informed Dick that
Eastern capitalists and financiers did
not want Western securities for pur
poses of speculation. These men were
very well informed on the character of
the McDonald stocks and bonds, and
certainly did not want them for pur
poses of investment. In 1893 speculators
were very wary and had been during
all the months that the wreckers of the
McDonald banks had been in New
York. Eastland, therefore, was one of
the very few men who told Dick Mc-
Donald the truth, and yet almost within
a week after he told the deluded banker
that, he had a scheme by which one
syndicate would buy all the Pacific
Bank securities for one million dollars.
The syndicate, as a matter of course,
was a myth. About two months before
the Pacific Bank failed Eastland gave
R. H. McDonald Jr. an intimation of
the manipulation of A. F. Johns and
Thomas Fitch Jr. in reference to the
John Brown colony. Eastland was not
In a position to be well informed, and
even the information he did give was
unheeded. During his stay In New
York Eastland attended to many of the
private affairs of R. H. McDonald Jr.,
giving particular attention to the di
vorced wife and child of the young
banker. McDonald had tried many
ways to secure possession of this child,
but failed, and Eastland played upon
this fact to prolong his useless stay in
New York. As a whole Eastland cut
no more serious figure in the affairs of
the bank than to secure from it a for
tune for the Alaska Coal Company and
his own personal maintenance and
recreation in the Eastern States. He
was purely and simply a parasite, who
received thousands of dollars of the
funds of the Pacific Bank in exchange
for his crafty and disgusting flattery
to R. H. McDonald Jr.
The Call will exploit to-morrow
morning another of the great dishonest
transactions in which . some of the
manipulators of the Pacific Bank in
volved themselves to gain the money
in the treasury of the institution. In
this recital the alleged bribery and cor-,
ruption of public officials and the dis
honesty of the attorneys will form a
very considerable part. The Call will
show that some of the -great conspira
tors of the bank assumed to possess the
ability to bribe even the courts of this
State and to protect themselves from
the consequences of their . nefarious
acj*6n.
*
THE BULLET
HAS BEEN
LOCATED
Durie Heithier's Re
covery Is Assured.
SHE CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
DEADLY MISSILE WILL NOT BE
REMOVED JUST YET.
Unless an Unexpected Relapse Oc
curs the Would-Be Suicide Will
Go Home in Four
Weeks.
Durle Heithier will undoubtedly recover
from the self-inflicted bullet wound which
sent her to the hospital and exposed the
; perfidy of George A. Alexander, her brutal
i betrayer. Dr. Weil of the Receiving Hos
j pital, who is attending the wounded girl,
' has every hope for her speedy convales
! ence.
Yesterday Dr. Weil succeeded in loeat
i ing the bullet. It is Imaged in the back,
I just below the scapula on the left side.
j The ball is not very deep in the tissues, as
i it can be easily folt. The doctor says there
; U no necessity for removing the bullet for
j some time, as it is not causing any in
! fiammation. In a week or two, when Durie
i has regained strength an incision will be
j made and the bullet removed. Unless the
' girl has a severe and unexpected relapse
she will undoubtedly be able to go home
in three or four weeks. She has a consld
i erable amount of reserve strength and has
( ontinued to improve since being re
! moved to the German Hospital. She still
! euffers considerably, but the pains from
i her wound are Intermittent and less se-
I vere than they were a day or two ago.
She is becoming very peevish and irri
table, which the doctors consider a favor
j able symptom. She ha 3 become very
; domineering and orders her faithful moth
er about as though she was a paid nurse.
Lsut the gentle, loving heart of the mother
does not revolt at this. She knows her
child is getting well, and she is happy
once more. Duries every wish is grati
fied, no matter how childish or'unreason
able.
•The mother will need financial assist
ance before Durie is strong enough to be
taken home. The expenses at the hospital
are very heavy for the limited means of
the poor woman who nearly lost her first
born, and she has no reserve resources to
draw upon.
THE SALE OF ORMONDE
YEARLINGS TO-NIGHT
ARISTOCRATIC FILLIES THAT
SHOULD BRING LONG PRICES.
Party of Horsemen Visit the Spreck
els Stock Farm — An Expert's
Opinion — To-Day 's
Entries.
The Killip & Co. sale of the aristocrat
ically bred Ormonde fillies, which takes
place at their salesyard. Market street
and Van Ness avenue, to-night, is attract
ing widespread attention among horse
men, both here and in the East. The five
young misses by this world-famous horse
are pronounced flawless by experts, and
their looks certainly bear out this asser
tion. The star of the sale, it is said, will
be Orthia, a slashing chestnut filly by
Ormonde from the Wlldldle mare, Muta.
She shows class all over, and the fortu
nate possessor of her will probably have
to. bid well up in the thousands. Gold
Lnee, Rose of Ormnnde, Oremus and
Oriva are not lacking in appearance, and
will undoubtedly bring large prices. The
sale will commence promptly at 7 o'clock.
A party of horsemen, chaperoned by
Harry Lowden, among which were Enoch
Wishard and Galen Brown, visited the
Spreckels stock farm at Napa yesterday.
Mrs. Wlshard, an enthusiastic admirer
of the thoroughbred, accompanied her
husband. Mr. Wishard, who is consider
ed one of the keenest horsemen in the
business, carefully inspected the stallions,
broodmares, yearlings and weanlings and
was much impressed with the workings of
this ideal breeding establishment. After
carefully looking over the yearlings short
| ly to be sold, the Eastern turfman cx
i pressed himself as especially well "leased
with the appearance of Balaruc. blk. c,
by Lew Weir-imp. Garanbee; Hamboulia,
b. c, by I'uryear D-Lest;i Hock; Catulus,
br. c, by imp. Creighton-Lady Cleveland;
Florefitlne, eh. f., by Eolo-Florcnce B;
Idnletta, eh. f. , by imp. Idalium-Patricia;
Lewzara, b. f., by Lew Weir-imp. Zara;
Militouche, oh. c, by General Mlles-Nl
touche; Nemesis, b. f., by imp. The Judge-
Border Lassie; Pidalia. blk. f., by imp.
Idalium-Piquante; Pythia, b. f., by Lew
AVeir-Victory. and Zanoni, b. f., by Lew
Weir-Cattle Kate.
The youngsters all have size, bone and
sinew to reoommend them, and Mr. Wisn
ard prophesied they would bring rosy
prices wnen led into the sales ring. He
was especially well pleased with the Eng
lish horse, The Judge, and predicted a
future for him in the stud.
The racing card at Ingleside to-day is
the best yet offered. The entries are as
follows:
Firßt Race— Fiv« furlongs; maiden two-year
olds.
213 Judge Wofford..llo 219 Wrinkles 108
... Alhftja 103 i 164 Peach Blossom. .loß
219 Boardman 1181 213 My Dear 108
85 Faversh&m 1181
Second Race— Six furlongs; all ages.
... Raclvan 86. 220 Zorazzo 110
207 Mary Black 109! 162 Valencienne ....109
209 Relria de Los A. 102 (223)Rosormond« ....102
225 Espionage 96
Third Race— One. and a sixteenth miles; ■ell-
Ing.
227 Red Glenn »7' (21€)Capt!ve 110
205 Dolore 100 229 Fleming: 94
...Our Johnny 112 230 Tom Cal vert.... 100
200 Eureka 103 j WHazard 104
229 Magnus 88 ; 220 Dr. Bernays 88
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling.
223 Formella 114 206 Cyril 114
MJ Roßsmore 109. 224 Mamie Scott.... 109
...Gratify 109| 221 McFarlane 109
209 Rejected 109; 217 Bexlington 109
... Don Fulano 112
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds^,
... Boizarls ...1081 219 Don't Te11... .„. 105
... Ailyar 118; (213) Anchored 113
225 Casdale 113'
Sixth Hacß— Six furlongs; selling.
236 Mainstay 103 221 Sweet William. .loo
(20S)Whltcomb 104 228 Lady Britannic. 97
197 Chihuahua 99 <22S)E<I Gartland 11.102
220 Heigh Ho 9U| 22S Toribio 92
227 Benamela 103 (223) Pat Morrlssey..lo7
198 Losette 99(221)Kaleer Ludwlg.,llo
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Judge Wofford, Boardman, Fa\"er
sham. *
Second Race— Mary Black, Valenelenne,
Espionage.
Third Race— Red Glenn, Dr. Bernays. Cap
tive.
Fourth Race— Don Fulano, Redington, McFar
lane.
Fifth Race— Ailyar, Anchored, Capdale.
Sixth Race — Pat Morrisaey, Ed Gartland 11,
Chihuahua. .-'
Larceny in the Prison.
Thomas Jordan, a colored peddler, was
in the "drunk" cell at the City Prison
yesterday morning when John Terrell be
came one of his companions. Terrell was
arrested on Sixth street and was so fight
ing drunk that he had to be clubbed Into
submission by the arresting officer. About
11 o'clock Terrell complained that a ring
had been stolen from nls finger and sus
picion pointed to Jordan. He was taken
out of the cell and searched and the rinsr
was found in his pocket. He was booked
on the charge of grand larceny.
WOMEN MAY
FIND SERVICE
WITH THE FLAG
Army Nurses Offici
ally Recognized.
RULES TO BE OBSERVED
TRAINED GRADUATES ESPECI
ALLY DESIRED.
Change of Front of the War De
partment in Regard to
the of the
Sick.
A circular which has just been issued
from the surgeon general's office of the
War Department at Washington is im
portant, inasmuch as it shows the Inten
tion of the department to place the fe
male nurses in the employ of the Govern
ment on a proper footing, and provides
for the application and appointment of
volunteer nurses. In this connection Anita
Newcomb McGee, acting assistant sur
geon, I*. S. A., has issued a communica
tion stating that applications from "grad
uate trained nurses willing- to leave the
former limits of the United States" are
especially desired. A number have been
sent to Honolulu, and others may be or
dered to Manila whenever the surgeon in
command there finds their services to be
needed. Applicants will also be consid
ered who uo not wish to go across the
water.
The circular which Is so different in tone
from the breezy refusal Of the services
of the Red Cross nurses at the beginning
of the war is:
War Department, Surgeon General's Ofiice,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4, 1888.
As it Is desirable that the employment of
femule nurses with the army should be placed
on an exact and uniform basis, the following
instructions are published tor the guidance oi
medical oiticers:
When the services of female trained nurses
are required at a hospital, application should
be maue to this office. They will be supplied
by transfer or from the list of eligible appli
cants. Authority to make contracts, hereto
fore given in certain emergency cases, is here
by revoked, and it is not desired that the
services of volunteer nurses be accepted.
Officers having more nurses than are needed
will annul contracts ot unsatisfactory ones
only, and report to this office without delay the
number of desirable nurses available for trans
fer.
Every change in the status of female nurses,
such aa arrival, departure, discharge or death,
should be reported by information slip on the
day of its occurrence.
GEORGE M. STER.NBEKG,
Surge«n General, United States Army.
Another circular deals with ihe infor- |
mation fur female contract nurses in the j
United States army. The contract which |
is made by -the surgeon general with a
female nurse for army service is for an j
unlimited period, and she receives $30 v
month salary. While nursing at the ho^- j
pital she receives also her lodging, board j
and laundry of uniforms. .No unilorm |
has yet been prescribed. The surgeon j
general may, at the request of a hospital |
surgeon, appoint a chief nurse, who shall j
supervise the other nurses, but is not to j
undertake nursing herself. A nui>. is
subject to military discipline, and when
traveling under orders will be furnished
with transportation. In case of sickness
contracted in the line of duty a nurse is
entitled to medical attendance at the I
nearest army hospital. Should she prefer j
to return home the surgeon may grant a I
sick leave, with pay for thirty days.
Nurses who go to Porto Rico or Cuba are
expected to remain at leaat six months, if
their services are satisfactory. The con
tract of a nurse may be annulled at any
time by the surgeon general.
In making application a nurse Is fur- I
nished with a blank on which she is to
answer several questions in relation to |
her qualifications, health, experience and i
whether graduated or not. With this she j
must forward the Indorsement of the lady [
who is (or was when she graduated) the
superintendent of her training school. All
applications should be made directly to
the office of the surgeon general. Wash- I
lngton, D. C.
SCANDAL BEING PROBED.
Police Will Lay the Becker-Creegan
Case Before the Grand Jury.
The promised scandal involving the jury
which disagreed in the second trial of the
Becker-Creegan forgery case is gradually
developing. Detective Pinkerton and Chief
Lees are devoting all their skill to un
raveling the mystery which surrounds the
actions of certain jurors. These officers
will not tell who they suspect of embrac
ery; they simply say they are investigating
and at the proper time the result of their
work will be laid before the Grand Jury.
Mr. Pinkerton is positive he can produce
sufficient evidence to warrant the Grand
Jury in making a searching investigation.
He does not intend to move, however, un
til he has accumulated Indubitable proof
that a sinister influence was brought to
bear to secure a disagreement of the jury.
The Becker-Creegan case will be called
again this morning in Judge Wallaces
court. This will be the third trial of the
defendants, who are accused of uttering a
forged draft for $22,000 on the Nevada
Bank. Attorneys Dunne and McPike, it
is understood, intend to demand that the
case be transferred to some other court
than Judge Wallace's. They will present
affidavits to substantiate their contention
that a fair trial cannot be secured before
a judge who has twice heard the testi
mony. This move is thought by the prose
cution to be an attempt to obtain a delay
and will be strenuously opposed by the
District Attorney.
AT THE PABK AND CLIFF.
Cailly Weather Drove the Crowds
Home at an Early Hour.
Anticipating a pleasant day thousands
of people left their homes yesterday and
gathered at the Park and Cliff. From
noon until 3 o'clock crowds poured into
the big pleasure ground and listened to
the music and enjoyed the flowers, while
others turned their way toward the ocean.
At the later hour, however, it turned sud
denly cold, so cold, in fact, that there was
no enjoyment in the open air, and the
people hastened home. No accidents oc
curred during the day.
The usual big crowd spent the day at
the Chutes. .The "three missing links,"
Sally, Joe and Congo, were patronized by
large numbers, but the many other attrac
tions were not neglected.
The aquatic sports at Sutro's Baths
were witnessed by hundreds of enthusi
asts, who found unlimited enjoyment in
the athletic contests in the big and little
tanks. Following are the results:
50-yard dash for novices resulted In a tie be
tween R. Portfte and H. npnsen.
Diving from platform. Juvenile, H. Seebach
first, E. Bonlfleld second.
60-yard tub race fur boys, two In a tub, H.
Anderson and H. Miller first, N. Bensen and
E. Klpp second.
Obstacle race. E. Bonlfleld first, 8. Duran
second.
Fancy spring-board diving, R. Dodge first,
N. Bensen second.
Trapeze and hljth diving. R. B. Cornell flrst,
A. J. Baker second.
LOCOMOTIVE EXPLODES.
LIMA, Ohio, Nov. 20.— A freight locomo
tive on the Chicago and Erie exploded
near here this morning, killing David *Lit
tic, fireman, and probably fatally injuring
Walter Shirtleff, engineer; Edward Quick,
conductor, and Frank Smith, brakeman.
About twenty-five cars were wrecked and j
the track was blocked.
Ex-Mayor Mast Dead.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 20.— Ex-
Mayor P. P. Mast died to-day after an
illness of several months. His estate is
estimated at over a million and a half.
« m •
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of Th* Call of
fice Tuesday night.
UTAH SENDS
A POLYGAMIST
TO CONGRESS
Brigham H. Roberts
May Be Unseated.
OPENLY DEFIES THE LAW
SAID TO MAINTAIN THREE
HOUSEHOLDS.
Has Served a Term in the Peniten
tiary Because of His Violation
of the Federal
Statutes. i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 20.— Brigham
H. Roberts, the Mormon Con
gressman-elect in Utah, will have
i to tight for his seat in the House of
] Representatives. When Congress as
sembles in December and contested
j election cases are given consideration
it is likely that his will be among the
first to come up. Roberts is fanatical
1 in his belief in the Mormon faith, and
I it is charged by his political opponents
• that he has been living in polygamy in
! open defiance of the Federal statutes
since Utah became a State. The de
feated candidate for Congress in his
I district will rely on this fact In his ef
; fort to gain the seat won by Roberts
j in the election, and he claims to have
; an abundance of evidence to back up
! his claim.
Should the contest be brought, as now
! seems certain, it is probable that when
', Congress assembles an inquiry into the
i domestic life of Roberts will be insti
; tuted. This move is quite likely to
! have the support of the Republican
majority, which will in uns u^se
be simply upholding the Federal con
stitution. It will establish the prece
dent once and for all that a polygamist
shall not hold a place in the councils
| of the nation.
That Brigham H. Roberts is an active
polygamist is beyond the shadow of a.
j doubt. He was charged with it by the
Salt Lake Tribune during the late cam
paign and he never denied it, merely
saying his family relations were not
[an issue. Roberts was a polygamist
! long before the passage of the mani
! lesto by the Aiormon church and the
subsequent admission of Utah to state
j hood. That children have been born to
I his polygamous wives tince Utah was
' admitted to statehood is well known in
I that State. .No attempt was made by
! any of the leading Democrats to dis
prove it.
Roberts has three wives. He lives at
Centeivule, a short distance north of
Salt Lake. Two of his wives live in
that village, the other in Salt Lake. He
'is a fanatical Jiormon. Two years agtr
| he ran for Congress against tne wishes
j and without the consent of the Mormon
I leaders, by whom he was disciplined.
He fought the church, but finally suc
i cumbed to its demands. He was for a
short time engaged on the Sail Lake
Herald, and it was in. that office that
he was first arrested for polygamy. He
gave bonds and lied to Kurope. Three
years later he returned and was sen
tenced to a term in the penitentiary,
which he served. It was after this that
he married a third wife, by whom he
has no children.
Leading Democrats in Utah now ad
mit they made a mistake in nominating
Roberts and some have grave doubts
as to his being seated.
California delegates to Congress are
a unit in the expression of their inten
tion to assist in enforcing the Federal
statute relating to polygamy. Though
the representatives from this State
were guarded in their utterances as to
the particular case in question they
were of the belief that one who prac
ticed polygamy in defiance of the laws
of the nation should not have a seat
in its councils. Judge James G. Ma
guire said in an Interview yesterday:
"I certainly am in favor of uphold
ing the provision of the Federal statute
directed against polygamy. Where lh>
law of the country is violated there is
but one course for a national lawmaker
to pursue. As to the case of Mr. Rob
erts, I am not sufficiently informed to
express an opinion, and do not care to
state whether I shall make a personal
Inquiry into his domestic relations."
ROBERTS MAY~BE UNSEATED.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— The Herald
will say to-morrow: Although no no
tice of contest has yet been filed mem
bers-elect of the next House of Rep
resentatives are already discussing
whether Brigham H. Roberts, just
elected from Utah, shall be permitted
to retain his seat. During the cam
paign it was charged that he had
three wives and had practiced polyg
amy since Utah was admitted to the
Union, although the Territory was cre
ated a State on the express pledge that
polygamy should be prohibited. The
only ground for the contest is on the
question of polygamy. Aside from that
Mr. Roberts' claim to the seat seems to
rest on solid ground.
In order to ascertain the views of
members of the House, who will have
to vote on the question, the Herald
instructed its correspondents in many
States to interview members-elect o-n
this subject. Strong views against
polygamy were expressed by many of
the members, and some of them openly
declared that they would vote to un
seat the Representative from Utah.
That there are two sides to the ques
tion is shown by the fact that some of
the members defend Mr. Roberts' right
to be seated, while leading members of
.each party decline to give any opinion
Vvithout more thoroughly investigating
the case. _______________
AGE LIMIT INCBEASED.
Naval Apprentices Must Be Fifteen
Years of Age.
WASHINGTON". Nov. 20. -Acting on the
recommandation of Captain Dickens. Sec
retary Long has increased the age re
quirement in the case of apprentices ad
mitted to the naval service from 14 to 15
years. Captain Dickens found from the
reports of the commanding officers of ves
sels and from the superintendents of the
training stations that the average boy of
14 years was not sufficiently developed
physically to receive the training of an
apprentice properly. Most of the boys
were under 100 pounds weight and not
strong enough to pull an car in heavy
weather and to go out on the yard arm.
MURDER AT SEATTLE.
Gustave Hager Killed Because He
Reproved Drunkenness.
SEATTLE, Nov. 20.— Isador Schoops, a
tailor, shot and killed Gustave Hager, a
shoemaker, to-day. Hager had reproved
Bchoops for drunkenness. Hager had a
wife living at 1112 Post street. San Fran
cisco. Both men formerly lived la Lob
Angeles,
34
Monday November 21, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS> Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevtnson Stre«»
Telephone Main lS7i.
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYS »9
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a weak By mail $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WA6HINGTON (B. C.) OFFICE Rlftg* Hoo«»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buildln*
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- §15 Larkln street, open urvtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market <
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 !
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-s«con4 an*
Kentucky streets. op«n untls 9 o'clock j
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island."
Baldwin— "Secret Service."
Alcazar — "Imagination."
Morosco's— "In Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
TlviMi— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
ly— -Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia - Corner Mason and Kd-v Streets, Specialties.
Sutros Baths— Swimming.
Ingleside Track— Races To-day.
Sherman. Clay Hall-Piano Recital. Tuesday evening. No-
vember 22.
Rosenthal — Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By KillJr & Co. -Monday Event: . November »»•**•"
t H rUs. at corner Van Neqa avenue and Market street.
By Sullivan * Doyle— Monday. November 21, at 11 o clock,
Livery Stable at 1123 Mission street.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-This Day, at 324 Golden Gate ave-
nue. Elegant PurnUim- and Carpets, at 11 a. in.
OUR COMMERCIAL STANDING.
AT present there are no indications that the im
provement in trade due to the result of the
fall elections is on the wane. On the con
trary, as far as can be judged by the country's bank
clearings, it is increasing. These clearings last week
were 3;. 2 per cent larger than those of the cor
responding week last year, and the only important
city to show a decrease was Buffalo. The increase in
business in New York was 50.6 per cert, in Boston
_>47 per cent, in Chicago 8.9 per cent, in St. Louis
.-co. per cent, in Pittsburg 26 per cent, in Omaha 30
per cent, in Kansas City 29.6 per cent, in Denver 514
per cent, and so on. all over the country. The re
turns show that all sections of the nation are leading
1897 in the volume of business. The failures for the
week were 233, against 267 during the same week last
year. . ...
At the same time there is no boom in anything.
The staples remain quiet as a rule, and there is no
particular disposition to speculate. There have been
heavy sales of bonded wool for re-export to England,
which is a good sign, as it may indicate the turning of
the tide in the wool industry. Cotton is doing rather
better, in sympathy with an improving tone in the
goods market. The exports of breadstuffs from the
Atlantic coast are large, owing to a constant foreign
demand. The call for iron seems to be growing,
though some Eastern mills report a shortage in
orders. The leading groceries are showing more
strength, and several have advanced slightly. The
distribution of merchandise shows little chancre, but
collections are reported better on back business.
Wall street was quieter last week, and there was
none of the excitement that characterized the pre
ceding week. But it was noticed that any concessions
in price immediately brought out large buying or
ders, showing a strong undercurrent to the market.
Early in the week the New York money market
hardened somewhat, but this was only momentary, as
it was soon discovered that any pronounced strin
gency would result in a free influx of gold, not only
from the interior of the country, but from Europe.
In this latter connection the enormous imports of
gold from foreign countries are particularly interest
ing. The October statement of the Treasury Bureau
of Statistics, just issued, shows that the imports in
1898 are the largest in the history of the country,
while the exports are the smallest for many years.
The imports of gold during the first ten months of
the year were $143,658,000, which is more than 50
per cent larger than in any previous year. The ex
ports were only $14,061,000, which leaves an excess
o* imports of $129,506,000, which is enormous. It is
only two or three years back when the situation in
regard to the gold movement was just the other way.
The total money in circulation November I was
$1,866,575,000, against $1,706,733,000 on the cor
responding date in 1897. The increase in circulation
during the last two years foots up $356,850.000.
In California the week shows some changes, among
which the breaking up of the long dry speH by Sat
urday's rain is the most prominent. The protracted
drought was causing some alarm, especially as the
scientists were freely predicting another dry season.
The State needs two or three inches of rain to put
it into good spirits, and if we get it the change from
npathy to activity will be marked. Already the live
stock market was beginning to harden under the
growing shortage in feed, and higher prices for beef,
veal, mutton and pork were reported. The rainfall
was not sufficient, up to Saturday, to affect the dif
ferent markets one way or the other, the average be
ing about .25 of an inch for the northern half of the
State and practically nil for the southern half. Still,
it was an opening wedge, and as such had its effect.
The local staples were rather steadier as a rule last
week. While there was nothing doing in wool, the
feeling was better, owing to the improvement al
ready noted in the East. The grain markets were un
settled, with a fair demand for most descriptions.
The tendency in dairy products was upward. Hides
were quiet and easy. Fruits, fresh and dried, were
inactive and featureless. Merchandise quotations
showed few changes. Collections were up to the
average at this season of the year, and there wepe no
large failures reported. From now on to the clos«
of the year business will probably be restricted in
volume and devoid of interesting feature, unless
something out of the way occurs.
"An eminent authority" has traced the suicidal im
pulse to food. He might also trace it o the lack of
food, but this seems to have been out of his line of
investigation.
Little Tod Sloan says the English are true sports,
and the English say Tod is an unfair rider. Evi
dently the jockey believes in returning good for evil
A FOOLISH POLICY.
|~> E CAUSE the country is now prosperous, the
D treasury of the nation overflowing, gold com
ing into the channels of trade from Europe in
a steady stream, and our finances in good condition,
some Republican newspapers have declared that no
change in our currency is needed, and that the com
ing Congress should make no attempt at currency
reform in any direction whatever.
To this policy of leaving the currency alone its
advocates give the name of "a wise conservatism."
It is. however, no wiser than that of the Arkansas
settler who would not repair the roof of his shanty
when the rain was falling because he did not like to
get wet, nor when the sun was shining because then
the roof did not leak and repairs were unnecessary.
That our currency system is ill devised and inade
quate to the stress of bad times is beyond dispute,
and the only question is whether we shall reform it
while times are good and the reform can be made
without injury to any interest, or whether we shall
wait until another financial storm comes and then un
dertake the work in the midst of popular panic and
industrial disturbance.
At the present outlook all the conditions of the
time promise to be most favorable to a thorough re
j vision of the currency by the Congress which has just
I been elected. When it meets all the branches of the
j Government will be under Republican control, and
'it will be possible to enact a reform bill without re
sorting to any compromises with fiat money or free
silver factions for the purpose of assuring its passage.
If the opportunity is permitted to pass unused there
is danger that one so favorable may not return again
for many years.
One of the arguments of the opponents of reform
is that the money question has been settled by the
elections and is no longer an issue. This is a curious
illustration of how easy it is to arrive at erroneous
conclusions by misconstruing phrases. The currency
question was settled by the elections so far as the peo
ple are concerned because by their votes they elected
a Republican Congress to solve it. If, however, Con
gress refuses to do anything about it, the question
will remain open at the next election.
As a matter of fact the issue was never more vital
than at present. It was more potent than any other
slnp!e factor in determining the votes at the rece/it
election of the great mass of independent voters
throughout the Union. Large numbers of conserva
tive Democrats cast their ballots for Republican can
didates for the sole purpose of assuring a wise solu
tion of the currency problems, and if the Republicans
should now fail to accomplish anything in that direc
tion the party would forfeit the surport of many of
these conservative allies in 1900.
That the settlement of the issue will require no lit
tle political sagacity and courage goes without say
ing, but nothing will be gained by shirking its diffi
culties. We have just had a disastrous experience of
the results of shirking the silver issue. There should
be no further temporizing with political opportunists
and monetary 'cranks. The corning '.Congress is
pledged to currency reform, and it will be false to its
duty if it fails to fulfill the pledge.
CONSULAR SERVICE.
SO much adverse criticism has been pronounced
upon our consular service and the work of the
■men engaged in it. that when some good report
i- given of the results accomplished it is only fair at
tention should be directed to it. Such reports are by
no means uncommon in Europe, though they are rare
here. In fact, the merits of our consular system seem
to be better known abroad than at home.
A recent issue of the London Mail contained a re
view of the work achieved by our Consuls, and the
writer found the results attained to be so important
that he pronounces our Consuls to be "ambassadors
of commerce," or "commercial travelers for American
producers." Many instances are cited of what has
been done to advance the trade of our merchants in
European countries and to make a market for the
products of our farms as well as of our factories.
In fact, the traders of Europe have discovered that
the average American Consul is one of the most effi
cient workers to be found in the markets of the
world. They have felt the effects of his competition
and they know his value. He has been instrumental
in teaching the American producer how to find a way
irto the markets where Europe expected to be with
out a rival, and by his vigor and enterprise has man
aged to overcome the advantage which European
Consuls have over him by reason of their longer ser
vice and more elaborate training for consular duties.
Our system of choosing Consuls and making such
appointments subject to politics has many defects, but
it has also one advantage over the life service system.
The newly appointed Consul is on his best behavior
and puts forth his best energies. Like a new broom,
he sweeps clean. Permanency of tenure does not in
crease the activities of an official, and while the Euro
pean Consul, assured of his position virtually for life,
takes things easy, the American new comer knows he
must make a record in four years, and he works like
a beaver.
COMMERCIAL EXPANSION.
JINGO imperialists are much given to the asser
tion that the Philippines must be annexed in
order to provide for the expansion of our I
commerce. They would have the people believe that j
we can extend our trade only by force of arms, and \
that we must undertake the government of the mon
grel savages of the Philippines as a means of ob
taining among them a market for our products.
These assertions have a good deal of effect, upon a
considerable number of people, because commercial
expansion has become one of the great aspirations of
the nation. It is not an aspiration founded upon
sentiment merely, but an outcome of our industrial
development. Under the protective system we have
built up industries that produce far more than we
consume, and consequently it has become necessary
to find foreign markets for their products.
Under such circumstances whatever tends to ex
pand our commerce is attractive to the great mass of
the people. The annexationists understand the fact
very well, and are, therefore, eager to present their
scheme to the public under the guise of a policy of
commercial expansion. They ignore or evade all the
difficulties in which the nation woul^ be involved by
assuming responsibilities in the Orient, and devote
themselves to a clamorous iteration that the annexa
tion of the Philippines is a necessary preliminary to
Jhe upbuilding of our trade with Asia and the islands
of the Pacific.
The falseness of the claim is known to all who hava
any knowledge of the conditions under which trade
develops. The expansion of our commerce with
foreign countries has been going forward by leaps
and bounds for years past. Without burdening our
selves with colonial governments and foreign posses
sions we have increased our exports until they now
exceed those of any other nation. With the con
tinuance of peace and prosperity the increase will go
on with steady progression, while the annexation
policy, by involving us in complications that might
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
lead to war, would tend to check the increase rather
than to augment it.
The only safe way to provide for commercial ex
pansion is to continue to stand aloof from the wars
of the world so that our labor will not have to bear
the burdens that are imposed upon the workingmen
of Europe, and to provide by proper legislation for
the upbuilding of an American merchant marine
which will enable our sailors to carry the products
of our peaceful industry to all markets on equal terms
with any competitors.
We need an American merchant marine much
more than we need the Philippine Islands. Give to
our merchants a suitable means of carrying abroad the
products of our industries and we will have in the
Orient, as well as in all other parts of the world, a
trade which no people burdened with the expense of
huge armies and the maintenance of costly colonies
can take away from us.
STATE TREASURER GREEN in his report
to the Governor directs public attention once
more to the evil effects of the crude system we
now employ in handling the money collected by taxa
tion. As Mr. Green puts it: "California is still follow
ing the method of collecting money semi-annually from
the people and storing it up as old junk, when the
object and only object of money is circulation. We
also pay large sums of money for the transportation
of money to and from the treasury, which is a most
useless proceeding."
From the summary of the report which was given
! to the public in The Call yesterday it appears that
when the Treasurer entered upon the office last April,
1 just before a taxpaying time, there was in the
i vault of the treasury more than $2,967,000, and after
j the June settlements the sum stored in the vault ex
j ceeded $4,000,000.
It is no slight drawback to industry and trade to
! have so large a sum of money withdrawn from circu
j lation and locked up in idleness, but the loss of the use
I of the money is not the whole evil of the system. The
transportation of the money back and forth costs a
j great deal more to the taxpayers. Mr. Green says:
"I have no means of determining even approximately
the cost of transportation of money, but $15,000 per
month is a conservative estimate."
The report recommends a plan for remedying these
evils by the adoption of a system somewhat similar to
that employed in several of the Eastern States. In
the main it consists in the establishment of State
and county depositories, and lending the revenues
to banks upon the security of approved bonds of the
nation or State or of some county or municipality
within the State.
The subject is not a new_ one. The evils of the
present system have long been known, and remedies
have been suggested time and again. It is none the
less advisable to give the issue a reconsideration.
The plan proposed by the Treasurer may not be
feasible under existing conditions, or may not be ac
ceptable to the Legislature. It will serve a good pur
pose, however, even if it does no more than to revive
interest in the question and lead to some earnest effort
to provide a better system. It is certainly a folly for
an enlightened commonwealth to go on withdrawing
millions of money from the channels of trade and
storing it up like old junk.
SIR JOHN LUBBOCK is reported to have de
voted a considerable portion of a recent ad
dress at the opening of a public library in
; England to a consideration of the economic value of
libraries. He argued that those who object to the
maintenance of libraries on account of the expense
make a mistake even from their own point of view,
since by diminishing the tendency to crime, which is
always costly to a community, a well regulated public
library saves the taxpayers much more than it costs.
In a summary of the address that comes to us the
speaker is quoted as having said: "Ignorance costs
more than education. Victor Hugo well said that he
j who opened a school closed a prison. The same
1 might be said of a public library, which was the school
jof the grown-up. Statistics showed how much crime
and pauperism had diminished in late years. In Lon-
I don they had happily been able to close several
j prisons. Our paupers were still, of course, too
' numerous, but they were less than half the number
they had been in proportion to the population. In
! fact, our schools and libraries had been an investment,
! not an expense. Only a fraction of the crime of the
country arose from irresistible temptation or deliber
i ate wickedness; the great sources were drink and ig
! norance. Drink, again, was often due to dullness
i and the craving for excitement, which might to a
I great extent be gratified by the proper use of books."
The validity of the argument is not to be ques-
I tioned, and the application is as pertinent to California
I as to Great Britain. We maintain an elaborate system
■ of public education by which the youth of the State is
■ taught to read, but we have as yet made no adequate
provision for supplying the graduates of our schools
with books which will help them to continue their
education after they leave school. To a large extent
this is due to the sparsely settled condition of the
State. It is impossible to maintain public libraries
i in communities where the population is scant, and yet
j among such populations there may be many persons
; well fitted to make the highest and best use of such
libraries.
These considerations lead to the proposed estab
lishment of the traveling library system for the pur
pose of rendering the books in the State Library
available for use by the people generally. The sub
i ject is one which should be dealt with by the Legis
| lature at its coming session, and all who understand
the value of libraries to a people should unite to as
■ sure favorable action upon it.
California cannot afford to lag behind the most
progressive States of the Union in this matter, and
with her superb collection of books in the State
Library there is no reason why she should. The
traveling system will entail no additional expense
upon the State and but little upon the communities
that get the benefit of it. Moreover, it must be re
membered, as Sir John Lubbock says, public libraries
save more money than they cost.
The man who went into a fake museum was cheered
by predictions of a happy future, and then the spieler
nearly beat his head off because of refusal to pay $7
for the information. As the beating had not been pre
dicted, the unveiling of the future was a palpable pre
tense,; and it is not easy tc see how the fee could
legally be collected.
■ ■ ~ « ~"
Judge de Haven did well in refusing to naturalize a
Swede who could not tell him who was Governor of
the State. Any person who lives _in California un
aware that the executive is Budd has too little intel
ligence to fold a ballot after it has been marked for
him.
»
Aguinaldo 18 in a give-me-liberty-or-give-me-death
mood. Probably, however, he would compromise for
cash- , '" x<
STORED LIKE OLD JUNK-
ECONOMY AND LIBRARIES.
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. Goodwin Thompson of Oakdale is
at the Baldwin.
W. A. Gett, one of Sacramento's leading
Jurists, is at the Lick. '
S. Alexander, an Arroyo Grande mer
chant. Is at tHe Grand.
G. Meyer, a prominent Antioch mer
chant, is at the Baldwin.
William Muir, a Sacramento dredging
contractor, is at the Russ.
M. M. Gragg. a promient Monterey mer
chant, is at the Occidental.
F. M. Chittenden, a prominent Fresno
vineyardist, is at the Grand.
W. D. Long, a well known attorney of
Nevada City, is at the Grand.
Marion de Vries is down from Stockton,
and registered at the California.
S. R. Porter, superintendent of the
! Baliol mine, is at the Occidental.
<j> When the Unit
<j> ed State* officials
<§, were out here to
investigate the
merits of the tor-
pedo boat Farm
's" gut. which was
<v built at the Union
THE TIME
WAS
TOO SLOW.
<8><S><e-<fc<£<S><S><S><$>«$><£ Iron Works, Irv
ing M. Scott Invited the party to visit the
works at the Potrero, which invitation
was gladly accepted. Now, on account of
tho high standing of the gentlemen from
Washington, Mr. Scott determined to es
cort them through the grounds himself,
and on the appointed day they all met
to take in the interesting features of the
concern over whose destinies he presides.
Mr. Scott had shown them the partially
completed battle-ship Wisconsin, the mas
sive and wonderful hammer which can be
stopped in a tenth of a second's time, and
a number of other things, when the vis
itors happened to stop at a place where
a mechanic by the name of Cassidy was
at work.
Cassidy that morning had been given a
long, smooth piece of iron to trim down,
and he was working on it. Now, Cassidy
is a sort of musical genius in addition to j
his mechanical accomplishments, and to j
help while away the tedium of the Job he j
had traced five parallel lines in chalk, |
and on these had marked the notes of the |
first few bars of the "Dead March in j
Saul." He was softly humming the air |
just as the party came up, and Mr. Scott, j
who is something of a musician himself. I
observed the notes on the iron slab and at
once recognized the piece of which they
were an extract. He also observed that
Cassidy's movements in the direction of
chiseling the metal were in exact accord
with the slowness of the time in that im
mortal composition. The taps with his
hammer on the chisel were few and far
between by reason of the slowness of the
accompaniment, and he was making but
little progress. With merry twinkle in
his eye Mr. Scott, who likes to get what
is coming to him from his workmen, ap
proached the musical Cassidy and said:
"Well, my man, I see you combine I
business with pleasure, and your ideas (
run to the musical. That is a noble trait,
for there is nothing like music to increase
our energy and quicken the pulses. But
don't you think the time of that piece is
a little slow? Just change it to 'My Hon
olulu Lady.' " And with that the genial
iron king moved off with his friends.
A Bonnhelm. a well known Sacramento
merchant, is a guest at the Lick.
G G Brooks, the well known Colusa
druggist, is registered at the Grand.
John Brazer. a well known Santa Cruz
merchant, is registered at the Occidental.
F W Fratt, a well-known Sacramento
capitalist, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Russ.
John H. Yancy, an extensive merchant
and ranch-owner of- Newman, is regis
tered at the Lick.
The following mining men arrived here
yesterday and registered as follows: At
the Russ-D. J. Morn, Nevada County;
Paul Hoffman. Newcastle; R. H. baney,
Callstoga; N. Fitzgerald. Alturas and E.
A. Frenzel. New Mexico. At the Grand-
R M Green and A. Ekman. Oroville; M.
P." Morgan. Angels, and Thomas Clark
and R. S. Raw, Placerville. At the Lick-
M E. Duncan Jr., O. P. Ormsby. F. W.
Gibson. Oroville; S. C. Wilmans, Placer
ville. and Frank R. Wehe. Downieville.
At the Palace— Ex-State Senator E. C.
Voorhies, Butter Creek; John F Davis.
Jackson, and J. E. Doolittle, Dutch Flat.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NSW TOBK. N"v. 20.-J. P. Chamber
lain Of Kan Francisco Is at the Gilsey. G.
U. lield of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man. __
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THEY WERE ANSWERED- M. E. P..
City Both (|u«-Ktions asked have been an
swered—one, under the title of "Petition
to Probate, November 18, and the other,
"A Five Dollar Piece," November 17.
HOLD OVER SENATORS— J. H. M.,
City. There is no law that gives each
hold over Senator "the privilege of put
ing one man on the police force. If there
is su«'h a practice it must be a matter of
understanding between the appointing
power and the hold overs.
ILLITERACY— C. P. D., City: Mulhall,
the statistician, gives the following as the
ratio of adults unable to read and write
in the total population of the countries
named: England, 9 per cent; Scotland. 6;
Ireland, 23; France, 16; Germany, 4; Rua
sia, 85; Austria, 45; Italy. 53: Spain, 72;
Switzerland, 5; Belgium. 29; Netherlands,
14, and Scandinavia, 3.
FAYLOR'S SUIT— G. T., City. The suit
that was commenced by Faylor in IS9I
against the "combine Legislators" to re
cover $6000 for lobbying was dismissed by
Judge Wallace on the 27th of July of
that year on motion for a non
suit. There were seven State Senators
named as respondents in the action and
the amount of money which it was alleged
was divided between them was $20,000.
MONEY MARKET— S. S. O. F., City.
Metal that Is used In <.ne coinage of
money is sold in the open market in Lon
don, England, as well as In the United
States, and is also sold in the countries
wh»re such is produced. The law of
ever<- country that coins money prohibits
private individuals from making and is
suing coins, and also prohibits the coun
terfeiting of coins of the country.
INTRODUCTIONS— J. M. 0., City. One
writer on etiquette says: "If you are walk-
Ing with a friend and meet some one you
know you are by no means bound to intro
duce them to one another." Another
writer has it: "As a rule. It is not good
form to introduce people to each other
upon the street or in a public place." If
A and B, gentlemen, while walking in the
park, meet C, a gentleman, walking with
t>, a lady, and being acquainted with B
and C, and C knowing A and D, and D
knowing only C, there would, according
to the authorities quoted, be no need for
introductions: but If the parties wished
to follow the silly custom of promiscuous
introductions without knowing if the in
troductions would be agreeable, A might
introduce his friend B to C, and C would
in turn introduce D, the lady, and then so
on until all had been introduced to each
other.
TO BECOME A CITIZEN— J. V. G.,
City. An alien who desires to become a
citizen of the United States must declare
upon oath, before a Circuit or District
Court of the United States, or a Dis
trict or Supreme Court of the Territories,
or a court of any of the States having
common law jurisdiction and a seal and
clerk, two years at least prior to his ad
mission, that it is, bona fide, his inten
tion to become a citizen of the United
States and to renounce forever all alle
giance and fidelity to any for
eign prince or state, and par
ticularly to the one of which he
may be at the time a citizen or subject.
He must at the time he applies for ad
mission prove that he made a declara
tion two years prior to that time, that he
resided continuously five years within the
United States, and within the State or
Territory in which 1b located the court in
which he applies one year, that he is a
man of good moral character and at
tached to the principles of the constitu
tion.
SCHEMES TO
DIVERT GOLD
TO SEATTLE
Strange Plays Against
San Francisco.
CONGRESSMEN UP IN ARMS
DISCRIMINATING EXCHANGE IN
CHICAGO.
Remarkable Energy of the Govern
ment Assayer at Seattle
in Drumming Up
Business.
The California delegation to Congress
has sharpened its claws for a vigorous
bout with the Treasury Department at
Washington regarding a striking and
hitherto unnoticed discrimination against
San Francisco and in favor of Seattle and
Chicago in the matter of the receipt and
disposition of gold bullion produced on
the Pacific Coast, and especially in
Alaska.
One subject of protest Is that since the
establishment of the United States assay
office at Seattle recently gold bullion de
posited with Uncle Sam there has been
paid for by check on the sub-Treasury
at Chicago Instead of San Francisco.
When a man deposits gold bullion at the
San Francisco Mint he receives a check
on the sub-Treasury here.
The difference is that of the regular
banking exchange between the Pacific
Coast and Chicago. Thus, when gold is
deposited in the assay office at Seattle
the Treasury Department practically re
ceives the deposit at Chicago and so Seat
tle is given this advantage over San Fran
cisco. The price of exchange is small, but
the price of exchange regulates the flow of
gold the world over. Between the Pacific
Coast and Chicago exchange costs 15 cents
per JloO. As the Seattle office has re
ceived between $0,000,000 and $8,000,000 this
year its total advantage over San Fran
cisco amounts to several thousand dollars
—a big figure in banking operations.
It further transpires that the enterpris
ing F. A. Wing, who is the assayer in
charge of the Seattle Assay Office, has
been laying himself out to boom the busi
ness of his office and of Seattle by missing
no chances to divert his way and away
from San Francisco all the bullion de
posits possible.
He has over his own signature adver
tised the claim that the Government pays
more for gold bullion at Seattle than at
San Francisco, and has actively solicited
miners to deposit their gold with him
rather than at the San Francisco Mint.
A few days ago, under date of November
2, he answered a letter of inquiry written
by a well-known mining man of this
State, and the main part of this remark
able letter from a Government official is
as follows:
I take great pleasure in informing you that
the charges are as follows: The first charge
Is one eighth of one per cent on the gross value
of the gold and sliver. The second charge Is
four cents per ounce on the weight after melt.
The third charge is Jl for each deposit, or in
cases where the deposit Is over ltr.'O ounces
the charge Is one-tenth of one per cent per
ounce, which makes a small Increase. The
fourth charge is 2 cents an ounce on one
eleventh of the standard weight of the gold,
which is a very small charge. The first and
second charges are the only ones of importance.
All deposits are paid by checks on
the sub-treasury at Chicago. The
advantage of depositing with this
office over the Mint at San Francisco
would be that you can secure East
ern exchange; and our second charge
of four cents an ounce after melt is
two cents less than San Francisco. I
would be very pleased to handle any
gold that you might sea fit to send
me, and am in position to give you
prompt and satisfactory returns.
Trusting to hear from you In the near fu
ture, I am, respectfully yours.
F. A. WING, Assayer in Charge.
This precious letter from a Treasury
Department official suflkiently indicates
the way the Seattle Assay Office is being I
run in open and aggressive competition
with San Francisco by means of news
paper interviews and private communi
cations. "Wing makes that Eastern ex
change stick out as an inducement and
then declares that he will charge his cus- I
tomers 2 cents less an ounce than will I
Superintendent Leach of the San Fran
cisco Mint. According to this, gold is
worth more in the Seattle Government I
market than in San Francisco.
It is possible that Mr. Wing is merely
ignorant. The Government charges at
Seattle are precisely the same as at San
Francisco, but they appear to be ex
pressed differently at an assay office and
at a mint. The one-eighth of 1 per cent
charged at Seattle amounts to exactly 2
cents per ounce, and 4 cents is added to it.
At the mints one charge of 6 cents is
made, and the other trifling charges for
alloy and for deposit are exactly the
same as at Seattle. If the facilities of the
Seattle office allow as perfect assaj s as
at the San Francisco Mint, the depositor
should receive the same amount to a
penny.
Mr. Wing probably tripped on the 4 and
6 cents and may know better when he
learns more. At both the San Francisco
Mint and the Seattle Assay Office the
charges on 1000 ounces of Klondike gold
at $16 an ouce would, according to regu
lations, be $62 56.
There is thus a discrimination against
San Francisco by the Treasury Depart
ment both through its hustling agent and
through the banking advantage allowed.
The gold deposited at the Seattle office Is
shipped to Philadelphia for minting.
When the bill for the establishment of
the Seattle office was passed at the last
session of Congress the argument for it
was that it would help the poor miner.
It is a great convenience to the Alaska
miner who returns to the Sound, but he
does not get the benefit of that "Eastern
exchange." California Congressmen are
unable to see why Seattle should have
this advantage over San Francisco to
draw gold to it.
Senator Perkins, who Is out of town lor
a few days, has said that he will protest
at Washington, and Congressman Hilborn
has declared himself likewise. The only
member of the delegation In the city yes
terday was Congressman Maguire, who
has also looked into the matter quietly.
•'lt is an injustice," he declared. "I
shall talk with Senator Perkins when he
returns. It is a discrimination which the
Government should not allow."
When it was suggested that the Treas
ury Department appeared to have created
a "line of least resistance" for the trans
continental flow of gold, he said: "It
has done more than that. It has connived
at a scheme to divert gold to Seattle and
Chicago for the benefit of special inter
ests. And it is not a valid argument to
say that the gold is needed East. The
Government should not do a banking
business in competition with bankers. Let
the bankers ship the gold if it is wanted
East. The natural course of the buHion
is to San Francisco."
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The British cruiser Diadem, 11,000 tons,
is at last ready for commission. She is
the first of eight vessels built from the
same design. The Diadem has a free
board of 19 feet and carries her two 6
inch quick-firers on the forecastle at an
elevation of 36 feet above water.
The British navy in Asiatic waters will
shortly be increased by four small gun
boats suitable for river service. The
boats are now being built in England, and
will be shipped out in pieces as freight
In cargo steamers, and will be put up in
the dockyard of the Hongkong and
Whampoa Dock Company.
The British admiralty has ordered 200
8-lnch wire guns, with the Vickers new
breech-loading mechanism. Ninety of
these guns are to be made at Woolwich,
sixty at Vickers. Son & Maxim, and fifty
by Armstrong. Whitworth & Co. These
guns are chiefly intended for the coast
defenses. All of the forts of the southern
and" western districts have been com
pleted, and those of Scotland and of the
northeastern and nothwestern districts
are fast approaching completion. At
Woolwich Arsenal and dockyard work
men were employed as late as 11 o clock
at night getting out naval material lor
the Plymouth squadron.
The Japanese armored cruiser Azuma,
building in France, is a very formidable
vessel and probably the best of her class,
considering her moderate displacement
She is of 9436 tons. 445 feet 10 inches in
length 59 feet 6 inches beam and a mean
draught of 28 feet, which latter is rather
excessive and a defect. With engines of
17.000 horsepower a speed of 20 knots is an
ticipated. Her belt of Harveyized steel
is of six-inch maximum thickness taper
ing to three inches at the ends. The bat
tery is composed entirely of quick-firers,
and includes four 8-inch, twelve b-inch.
twelve 3-inch and twelve 1.8-inch guns In
addition to which formidable armament
she has five torpedo tubes, one of the-se
being above water and the others sub
merged.
The Shikishima, Japanese battle-ship,
was to be launched November 1 from the
Thames Iron Works, and would be the
heaviest ship ever launched, as the hull
and launching cradle weigh 8200 tons. The
ship is 438 feet long over all. 400 feet on
the water line. 75 feet 6 inches breadth
and 27 feet 3 inches mean draugnt. on
which she displaces 14.550 tons, making
the Shikishima practically as large as
the largest British battle-shir. The water
line belt, extending all around the ship,
is 8 feet 2 inches wide and ranges in
thickness from 9 inches to 4 inches. Above
this belt the gun protective armor is b
inches thick and the barbettes and bulk
heads 14 and 12 inches respectively. All
the armor is Harveyized steel, giving a
protection equal to iron of not less than
double the thickness of the armor car
ried. The armament embraces four 12
inch of 40 caliber, fourteen 6-inch quick
firers of 40 caliber, twenty 12-poun.lers,
eight 3-pounders and four 2^-pounders.
She has also five 18-Inch torpedo tubes,
four of which are belo,w water.
Steam trials are more severe and ex
acting in the Russian navy than in any
other, and a continuous run of eight
hours under full power is double that of
the test required in the American, Brit
ish French, German, Italian and Japa
nese navies. During the past two years
England has exacted three additional
trials under various conditions ranging
from thirty to eight hours duration,
and now the French are to follow this ex
ample in the engines of the battle-ship
Jena The first trial at full speed under
forced draught for four hours must de
velop 15,500 horsepower collectively for
the three engines, at which the coal con
sumption must not exceed 2.07 pounds
per horsepower per hour, the second
trial of twenty-four hours under normal
9500 horsepower and a coal consumption
of 1.65 pounds. The third trial of six
hours stipulates 12,500 horsepower with
natural draught and 1.65 pounds of coal,
with all the fires going, and the fourth
test is of six hours' duration under one
half power and requires 5000 horsepower.
Penalties are prescribed for the failure
in getting up to the required horsepower,
and for excess in coal consumption, but
there are no premiums for obtaining the
horsepower with less fuel than the con
tractors have guaranteed, and the test
is altogether very severe on the builders
of the machinery.
THE SMILING SEASON.
Man was sentenced to earn
His bread in the sweat of his brow,
But the man who does it is looked upon
As small potatoes now.
Marie-I have just been reading of an
other Red Cross girl who married the bol
dier she nursed through a fever.
Mildred— Yes, that's become quite com
mon now. Oh. how I wish we would have
another war.
Bilger— Yes. I always like the -old
weather. I'm never sorry when w.uer
C °An C s 3 tey-Say. how did you break your
wife of that house-plant habit, or is sne
one of tie few that never were addicted
to it?
Gladys— l had tickets for the matinee
yetlr^ay and invited Laura Willlngsley
to accompany me to the opera, but she
beeeed to be excused.
Fanny-Whatever in the world made her
do that? I should have been delighted at
SU Gladys-S a h n e Ce said she wasn't going to be
classed as one of the girls who never have
invitations to go in^e evenings.
Old Bullion— So, sir, you want to marrr
my daughter? Wasn't that your name I
saw signed to a poem in one of the maga-
Zi RTgin h am Oth R e ircksle'y-Yes.i r cksle'y-Yes. sir; I have
written a great deal of magazine poetry,
but indeed I assure you sir I do not de
pend upon it for a livelihood. I have a
regular job as timekeeper in a machine
Si oFd Bullion— Oh, in that case I suppose
I ought to let you have her.
"What a tall girl Brigham's daughter
has grown to be! She must be six feet
"Yes but she's a mighty nice girl and
the little fellow that's going to marry her
will be a lucky chap.'
••Who is he?"
"I don't know."
"But you just spoke of him as a little
fellow."
"Well, being a tall girl, she wouldn't
marry any but a little fellow, would she?
PEOPLE AND EVENTS.
J. S. Coxey, formerly general of
"Coxey's army," is now about to take to
touring in a private car, from which he
will peddle trading stamps and dissemi
nate ideas about non-interest bearing
bonds. If he has the success he expects
he will visit every State in the I nion,
carrying with him a brass band of sixteen
P Colonel John Hay -will be the third
graduate of Brown University who ha 3
held the position of Secretary of State.
William L. Marcy . Secretary of State in
President's Pierce s Cabinet, was grad
uated from Brown In 1803, and Richard
Olney, President Cleveland's Secretary of
State, was graduated in 1556. Colonel IJay
was graduated in ISSB.
Mr. Ruskin has lost none of his early
admiration for the work of the late Sir
E. Burne- Jones, and has contributed $50
to the fund intended for the purchase of
one of the artist's pictures to be pre
sented to the English nation. Mr. Rus
kin was one of the first to appreciate
Burne-Jones' talent and used to buy his
pictures when no other purchaser could
be found.
William Barris, who lives near Beaver
Falls, Pa., is seeking medical treatment
for the restoration or his voice. During
the McKlnley-Bryan campaign Barris was
an ardent free silver man. One night at
a street meeting he became very enthu
siastic, and while giving a mighty cheer
for his favorite candidate something
cracked and he has not been able to
speak above a whisper since, although ha
j has been treated by some of the most
| noted specialists of Pittsburg and other
S cities.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.»
. « ♦ ■ I — ,
Special information supplied daily to
| business houses and public men by the
■ Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
! gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Sir Thomas Upton's latest scheme for
furnishing meals to the millions for a
very small sum is still being criticised by
the small tradesmen and shoppers in Lon
don. .-■■-.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the -best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wiaslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■..; ; ■ __ ■ m *
HOTEL. DEL. CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ■ Montgomery street. San Francisco.
■ -: ■ ♦ ■
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY ÜBINO
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give Immediate relief or money refunde-i.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy. ■ ■ ;<." ' •THE CRUISERS
DO HONOR TO
ITALY'S QUEEN
Natal Day on the
Etna.
ITALIAN SHIP— BRITISH GUNS
THE PHILADELPHIA'S MISSION
DOWN SOUTH.
Tinkering Up the New Honolulu
Harbor Defense Monitor Ca
xnanche for Her Future
at the Islands.
It was Italy's day along the water
■ the nay yesterday, and
a of the second-class
• llagstaffs on Fish
green, whits and red
rto proclaimed that fact.
m Queen's birthday and
CAFHA.JACoesEN
CHS JACOBSEX died aboard his
. . the brig Consuelo, on the ISth ;
-.. while en route to Kahului. The
• turned to port Saturday morn
te captain's body and her :
at half mast.
the patriotic marines aboard the war
dressed ship in honor of that na- ■
nt. On board the United States j
- Philadelphia, moored near,
many colored flags were also flung to the j
• • at noon both vessels fired sa
c;ins alternating and answering
from ship to ship, until the
rgherita had been officially hon
an and Italian powder.
arrangements had been made for '
.siting on board the Etna under the
i 3 of the Italian Relief Society, and
an early hour the wharves near the
■ k place were crowded with people
era to embark. A fleet of tugs and
the command of Commo
dore Henry Peterson, R. N. (not Royal
but Naval Reserve, transposed),
the two thousand visitors
ut the loss of even a small child.
Aboard the vessel the strangers were
ed by the executive officer in full
uniform, gold lace and blue sash, and
with the true hospitality of the
Latin race, tnat the ship was theirs till
\\n. All the steel battle-doors were
n open and the many visitors
1 through the compartments until
wasn't room left for even the crui-
One feature noticed generally
- the foreign titles and Inscriptions
around the deck was the names on the
The Etna is Italian all but her
ry battery, and that is English. Her
two 9.9-10-inch or 25-ton guns in .turrets and
\- f..r.-9 guns broadside in sponsors
.o handiwork of Sir William Arm
strong. When the Italian gunner of the
•rains hi» piece ho relies on the gun
>f the gfreat Briton to drive that
where it will do the most harm to
a foe.
of thrso inscriptions were found
ainine by the visitors as well as in
tive. A v.ipi over one baule-door
that the "ammiraglio," or admiral,
■ . • epartment, when the ship
"comman
directed th<- stranger to keep out
captain's sacred presence. In a
n marked "cucina ammaraglio"
two tine turkeys cooking, but no
that ryr.k being at present on
rated that the skipper got
irks. Another kitchen marked just
tna" spread an appetizing flavor I
AD\ ERTISEMENTS.
REGAINED HEALTH.
Gratifying Letters to Mrs. Pink- ;
ham From Happy Women.
"I Owe Ton My Life."
Jk
Mrs. E. Woolhisf.r,
Mills, Neb., writes:
" Deab Mrs. Phtkham : — I owe my
life to your Vegetable Compound. The
: doctors said I had consumption and
nothing could be done for me. My
menstruation had stopped and they
said my blood was turning to water. I
had several doctors. They all said I
could not live. I began the use of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
■ and it helped me right away; menses
returned and I have gained in weight.
I have better health than I have had for
years. It is wonderful what your Com-
pound has done for me."
"I Feel Like a New Person."
Mrs. Geo. Leach,
1609 Belle St., Alton. 111., writes: s,
' " Before I began to take your Vege-
table Compound I was a great sufferer
from womb trouble. Menses would ap-
pear two and three times in a month,
causing me to be so weak I coulQ not
stand. I could neither sleep nor eat, and
looked so badly my friends hardly
knew me.
" I took doctor's medicine but did not
derive much benefit from it. My drug-
gist gave me one of your little books,
and after reading it I decided to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I feel like a new person. I
would not give your Compound for all
the doctors' medicine in the world. I
can not praise it enough."
of maccaroni around, proving the place
to be Jack's cookhouse. Another com
partment entitled "Scala ConstabiH."
where a number of petty officers were
I seated at a table covered with wine bot
tles, proved that the constables or guards
of the Etna were doing exceedingly well.
The enjrino room- was called the "Macchi
n;i" and tht: pick-bar the "Ospedale."
Above the wardroom door was the word
"I'fflciali"' and the breadroom was
adorned with the legend "Disposlti Bis
cotto." and when that battle-door is
sealed a half-inch of steel stands between
the Etna's valiant bluejacket and his dai
ly ration of hard tack.
The cruiser's complement is nineteen
officers and 331 men, a crowd for a 3530
ton vessel. She was built in 1885 at a cost
of (1,133,600. It may be mentioned that
the Philadelphia, lying alongside of her,
is of 4413 trms displacement and cost
$1,325,000, and her primal battery is twelve'
6-inch rifles.
It is reported from Washington that the
old monitor Camanche Is to be sent to
Honolulu for use there as a harbor de
' fense vessel. She is now in the drydocK
' at Mare Island, being cleaned and re
paired for her long tow of 2100 miles to
I rncle Sam's new island territory- It is
' presumed she will be moored in Honolulu
Bay. where her two guns from their tur-
I ret-houee can sweep the harbor entrance.
Her ancient 15-inch smooth bores could
hardly carry over the reef, a mile awa>,
and it is believed that she will he tur
nished with a couple of modern rifles. AS
it is she will be in keeping with the oM
harmless battery of Punch bowl Hill on
the heights above Honolulu.
Late Saturday night the I mted States,
cruiser Philadelphia came down from tne
navy yard and anchored off the -Mali
Dock. She will sail Tuesday for San Sal
vador and other Central America^ ports
thence to the Hawaiian Islands. 10Uble »|
of the usual revolutionary nature in .the
Inflammable states of that locality ha^e
Impelled the Navy Department to order
I the commander in chief of the Patilic ;
i station in his flagship thither.
— — -
! "INFLUENCE OF THE PRESS/,
' Rev. P. Coombe Discusses the Sub- ;
ject at Bichmond Congrega
tional Church.
In his sermon last evening at Richmond ]
' and Responsibility of the Pa.ly Ne^spa- I
i per for Civic Regeneration. He Intro- |
iduced his remarks by saying that^ttiere
is a call for the regeneration of the city.
and the cry comes from the saloons, the
slums and the low haunts of vice.
"If civic regeneration is to be brought |
about." said he. "It will be because of j
the wonderful and mighty power of the ;
newspapers. The newspaper stands pre- |
eminent in the community; for is it riot j
the fir" t thing we ask for in the morning
when we rise out of bed: We all want to
know what is jroing on in the world. The
maorU> of people ascribe to the newspa
per accuracy and even infallibility. It
shapes public opinion, and the men who
the destinies of the nation are
|y influenced by it."
This tremendous influence has been ;
. r • :■ food in the direction |
uid of religion. The pub
reports of sermons give religious !
■tion to people who would never get j
•wise. The newspaper exerts a |
power for good in the line of good morals. ]
The \ -TV fact that crime is given public- i
ters many a man from committing i
[t. The power of the newspaper is seen in j
the law. They indorse what is |
heir influence is used so •
that law is rendered effective. Civil re
generation will never be accomplished so
well as it can be by the newspapers.
"The men in the honoral >!■■ profession ;
1 realize their responsibility and dig- ;
nity. The newspaper is responsible to Al- |
mighty God. But we, the people, are also I
■ ;^ible with it in the mighty power '
and influence wielded. I have great faith
in the newspapers, for the time is speed
ing when they shall be used for the honor j
■!, and will always be j
found on the side of righteousness; and
through their agency this city and every
city will become a city of the eternal
Jehovah."
HANDBALL GAMES AT EYAN'S.
Ariels and Olympics Enter. the Arena
of Athletic Contests.
Phil Ryan's handball court, SSB Howard
street, was crowded to its fullest capacity j
yesterday afternoon in consequence of a j
series of games announced to be played
! between the picked players from the
i Olympic and Ariel clubs of this city. The
! first was contested during yesterday's
i play. A renewal of the battle will take
I place on next Sunday afternoon between
the same players, at which some first
class sport may be expected.
The first set-to was a single game between
! X. Polidorl and H. Racouillae. the former win
1 nir.g by a score of 21-9, 11-21, 21-14.
D O'Brien and G. Lindauer defeated L. Car
■ ralne and P. McKinnon. Score: 21-10, 16-21,
I 21-13.
In the first series of the Ariel Club E. Lynch
1 and E. McDonough defeated Dr. W. H. Sieberst
! and W. H. Kedian two straight games. Score:
21-10, 21-13. The second series will be played
', next Sunday between Dr. W. H. Sieberst and
; D. J. Sheehan, Olympic, vs. E. McDonouifh.
and Colonel .T. R. Bookman, Ariel. Second game
1 ' In the same series, W. H. Kedian and L.
" Waterman, Olympic, vs. S. V. Costello and E.
Lynch, Ariel.
1 M. Basch and J. Condon defeated J. Dowling
! and T. Leach. Score: 21-18. 16-21. 21-20.
}■ Hutchlnson and P. Kelly defeated M. Dil
■ lon and O. Hutchinson. Score: 21-7, 12-21, 21-19.
J Kearney and J. Lawless defeated D. Con
■ nolly and J. Brown. Score: 21-11, 13-21, 21-17.
G. McDonald and P. Steinor defeated M. Mc
• Nell and P. Talo. Score: 21-15. 9-21. 21 = 18.
' In the French game P. Yribarne, B. Etch
join and I. Sagardiluz defeated S. Celayatr, J.
Dufur and M. Pradere. Score: 100 to 50 aces.
J. C. Nealon and J. Rlordan defeated T. F.
Bonnet and .M. J. Kilgallon. Score: 21-15, 19-21,
21-11.
. ♦ ■
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 603 Market street. •
Jewish Thanksgiving Service
Thanksgiving- services will be held toy
the Congregations' Emanu El and Sherith
Israel at the synagogue of the latter, cor
ner of Post and Taylor .streets, Thursday
at 11 o'clock a. m. Th* Rev. Dr.-i. Voor
s:mger ard Nieto and Cantos Stark and
a will participate.
Dr. Voorsanger will deliver the oration.
The public is Invited to attend.
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
FEARED THE GUARDHOUSE.
Private George Krause Seeks Death In !
Preference to Punishment for Unau- j
thorized Absence. ;
PRIVATE GEORGE KRAUSE, Company X, Eighth California Regiment, i
now lies on a small cot In the surgical ward In the Division Field Hos- I
pital at the Presidio with a superficial bullet wound In his left side, i
Krause is suffering little or no pain, and as his wound Is not at all dan- I
gerous, he will recover to do duty again, and incidentally he will be called i
on to appear before a court-martial to answer the charge of absence with- i
out leave. (
Krause came down to the city for a short visit on Thursday. He claims I
that he came without a pass because he was not feeling well, and wanted to I
get out of the work of drilling. After spending the day here he began to
realize 1 there was a warm time in store for him when he returned to Beni
cia, where his company is stationed. This fact began to prey upon hls^mind, i
and the more he thought of it the more afraid he was to go back. Krause
wandered about the streets Friday night and on Saturday he rented a room I
on Sutter street, near Grant avenue. He had no money with him, so yester- i
day morning when he awoke he decided that life was not worth the living. ,
Acting on this supposition Krause loaded his revolver with some bullets
that he had. Fortunately the bullets were of a very small caliber, or else
the result of his wound might have been death. He fired twice at himself.
One ball penetrated his left side, making a slight wound; the other merely
scratched the skin. His landlady was attracted by the noise of the report
and went to his room, where she found Krause lying on the bed. The am
bulance was summoned and the soldier was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where his wound was dressed, and later he was removed to the hos- i
pital at the Presidio.
Krause said he had tried to kill himself because he had troubles. He
admitted that he was afraid to return to Benlcia, but declared that, after I
all, he was glad he was still alive. The soldier is from Colusa, where he
was a clerk in a hardware store. He was formerly a miner. Krause Is said i
to be a bit queer, and was despondent over not being able to go to Manila.
He is subject to crying spells. He is 32 years of age and - strong, husky
man. Captain Howard Ford commands the company of which he Is a mem
ber. (
t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
SUSPECTED
MURDERERS
IN THE TANKS
Three jHighbinders
Under Arrest.
DECLARE THEIR INNOCENCE
SEQUEL TO THE TRAGEDY IN A
CHINESE THEATER.
Accused of Giving Up Information
Their Alleged Victim Is Put
Out of the
Way.
Locked up in the tanks of the City |
Prison are three highbinders, whom the po- i
lice strongly suspect of being implicated !
in the murder of the unfortunate China
man who was killed while witnessing the
performance at the Chinese Theater on \
Jackson street a few days ago. Detec- j
tives Gibson and "Wren, who arrested !
them, are convinced that they are re
sponsible for the tragic death of their
countryman. They will be held pending
further investigation.
Since the commission of the crime the
detectives have learned that the victim's
life was sought simply because he had j
been suspected of giving information to
the Immigration Bureau about the Chi
nese women who were imported to per
form at the Omaha Exposition and were
smuggled into this city unknown to Gov
ernment officers, whose duty was to pre
vent them from landing. The victim of j
the assassin's bullets, it is claimed, on
learning that the women had hoodwinked
the authorities, repaired to the Immigra
tion Bureau and informed the officer in
charge of the landing of the moon-eyed
damsels.
In some way the owners of the women ,
learned of the action of their fellow coun
tryman and they set a price on his head. !
After the women had been arrested the j
slaveowners resolved to get the inform- j
er's head or die in the attempt.
Through the efforts of a spy who was in
their employ they learned that he was to >
visit the theater on Jackson street on the i
night of the murder, and they resolved i
to take his life. It is known that three •
Chinese were delegated to perform the jo
♦ o air
Whether or not the police will be able ;
to prove that the men who are in custody
had a hand In the murder remains to .be
seen. Both Gibson and "Wren, however,
are convinced that their prisoners are re
sponsible for the tragic ending of the un- ;
fortunate Chinaman. It Is probable that
the prisoners will be charged with the
murder to-day. __
ELKS ENTER xAIN.
Its Fifteenth Ladies' Social Fills
California Theater to Over
flowing.
Hundreds were turned away at the Call
! fornia Theater yesterday afternoon, the
! occasion being the Fifteenth Ladies' So-
I cial of Golden Gate Lodge No. 6, B. P. O.
'• Elks A long and varied programme in
' eluded mandolin selections by pupils of
' the San Francisco Conservatory of Music.
! E S. Bonelll, director; a piano solo b>
I Miss Charlotte Voorsanger; a Parisian
1 fantasia, by Murielit; impersonations of
: eminent actors by E<l Burrows assisted by
1 \V II Taispn; vocal selections by Aliss
• Ivy Bard, "the female barytone"; .^ncy
dancing by La Petite Myrtle; specialties
by Trayers and McCree; female Imperson
ations by Quazina; a cornet solo b> Miss
i Irene Franklin; coon songs by Ca?more
i and Florence; and other specialties. Stage
I Director Ray Adams in a black-face turn
won much applause. Harry Newhoff, ele
vated ruler, acted as chairman; Hiss Le
rore Gordon of the Northern Lights com
pany as honorary presiding officer, and
i Ed R Preston as a grotesque special po
i liceman. The executive committee was
composed of John Coefeld (chairman). M.
Levy. Henry H. Davis, J. H. Harney, S.
Graf Fred Rothman and E. R. Preston.
LOTTERY TICKET SWINDLE.
A. J. Devonport, a One-Armed Man,
Arrested for Petty Larceny.
A J. Devonport, a one-armed man, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
tives Fitzgerald and Graham of the
Mission on a charge of petty larceny. It
is possible that several other charges will
be booked against him.
Devonport has been selling bogus lottery
tickets and going to the purchasers telling
them they had drawn a prize. His method
was to get them to accompany him to a
building on the corner of Sutter and Mont
gomery streets to get the prize and on the
way he would get Them to give him money
as commission on th.c prize. After getting
thf-m to the building he would make some
excuse and disappear.
1 Brugge, a butcirer at Twenty-fourth
and Church streets, was victimized to the
extent of $5 and the police have received
complaints from several others.
Anakesis cures piles, nothing else.
Sample free. Addr. Anakesis, New Turk.*
San Francisco Fusileers.
The San Francisco Fusilee.rs. Second
Brigade, National Guard of California,
will assemble at California Hall, 620 Bush
street this evening for medical examina
tion previous to being mustered into ser
vice as Company I, National Guard or Cal
ifornia This is in pursuance of instruc
tions from Captain L.. Siebe of the com
pany.
THE RANKEST
FAVORITISM
WAS SHOWN
Samples of the School
Board's Work.
"STUFFED" UNASSIGNED LIST
TEACHERS DREW SALARY WITH
OUT EARNING IT.
Grand Jury Threatens to Lock Up the
Books of the Department Unless
Its Experts Are Left
in Peace.
Scandals are developing in the Board of
Education almost too fast for the Grand
Jury to keep track of them. Turn which
way they may, the investigators are con
fronted with Borne fresh evidence of
wrongdoing on the part of the board that
increases the total of its misdoings. Each
day that the investigation proceeds, not
one, but many, new forms of villainy
are discovered, and the end is not in sight.
For many months it has been openly
asserted that not even the teachers have
escaped, and that the "business men" of
the board had carried their crooked work
into that branch of the department. The
alleged sale of positions was given con
siderable ventilation during the Kilpat
rick-Stanton expose several months ago,
but the board succeeded in beading off a
complete inquiry into the charges at that
time; it is not going to be as successful
now, however.
Then there is the old, old charge of fa
voritism, which is to be gone into thor
oughly, and in this connection will come
an Inquiry into the reasons that brought
the board to maintain such an enormous
unassigned and substitute list. At the
present time there are something like
thirty unassigned and twenty substitute
teachers in the department, but notwith
standing this fact, more appointments are
steadily being made.
The unassigned list of teachers Is com
posed of two classes, the largest number
being teachers who are no longer compe
tent to till positions, but are allowed to
draw their regular pay, ranging from $50
to $79 for teachers and more for principals
and vice-principals. The second class is
composed of a few pets of the board who
are desirous of drawing pay without the
necessity of earning it, so they are with
drawn irom their classes and become a
burden on the city while other teacners
do their work. •
In this second division may be rated
Miss O'Brien, sister-in-law of Director
Ragan. Some months ago Miss O'Brien,
then » teacher in the night school, was
relieved and placed on the substitute list
at her own request. Since then she has
done no work whatever, but has reerularly
drawn $50 a moHth salary. Miss Smith is
another teacher who wanted to take a
rest, and so had herself appointed to the
unassigned list.
The subsitute teachers are paid J4O a
month, work or no work, and are sup
posed to hold themselves in readiness to
take a regular teacher's place at a mo
ment's notice. It is the rule that the un
assigned list shall be exhausted before the
substitutes are called upon, but it is daily
violated on the plea that some of the un
assigned teachers are superannuated.
Whether that excuse is given for not in
terrupting the permanent picnic of Miss
O'Brien, .Miss Smith and others is not
It is openly asserted, though, that fifty
teachers are thus drawing salary from the
city, although tnere is no necessity for
maintaining a reserve list of more than
fifteen. Unassigned and subsitutes are re
quired under the rules, to report at the
office of th.j secretary for assignment
every morning at S o'clock, but it is said
the favorites observe this rule by tele
phoning to the office and leaving the r ad
dresses so they can be found should an
emergency arise whereby their presence
is required. . 
Thf-se are some of the features of the
appointment of teachers that will receive
due consideration at the hands of the
It may be stated here that the experts
employed by the Grand Jury are having
anything but an easy time of it in tneir
search for truth. Last Friday Mr. Kil
patrick was obliged to calT upon Graham,
the Building and Grounds Committees
bookkeeper, for a stub book to enable him
to trace certain bills. Graham gave up
the book reluctantly, although he had no
further use for It, and Kilpatrick took it
to the secretary 1 " office. Later in the day,
while Kilpatrick was temporarily absent
from the room, Graham took the book and
carried it back to the storeroom. Kilpat
rick reported the occurrence to b. i_.
Irving, foreman of the Grand Jury, and
that official immediately sent word out to
th« Board of Education tnat . the ol ? x r pe^
was to have every book and paper he
needed placed at his free disposal, and if
any further attempt was made to olock
his work all the books would be removed
to the Grand Jury room and locked . up un
til the investigation was concluded.
THE SPORTS WAITING.
They Will Not Bet on the Lavlgne-
Tracy Fight for Several Days.
So far there has been little betting on
the Lavigne-Tracey tight, which takes
place on the 25th of this month. The
sports are waiting to learn the result of
the Corbett-Sharkey nght before they put
up any money on the local battle. From
present indications it is almost certain
that the betting will be nearly all at even
money, as the talent says it is a very
even match. Lavigne is credited with be
ine a very stiff puncher and also a glutton
for punishment, while on the other hand
Tracey is known to be a great general In
the ring, and never lets an opportunity to
administer a blow pass.
In the six years that Tracey has been
in the American ring this will be only th«
second occasion that he will meet his
opponent at even weights. The only time
before this fight that he weighed the
same as his adversary was the time ha
fought Walcott In Chicago, and at that
fight he was credited by the papers with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ODD LOT
OF FINE
Gas Globes
10c
SALEMONDAYandTUESDAY
IckiGimer Bros,,
20 Geary Street,
Near Kcarny.
having everything his own way; he hter
allv knocked the dusky pugilist all over
±he ring. The directors of the National
Tlub stated last night that without doubt
this was the most even contest ever made
by the club.
TO OFFER THANKS TO GOD.
Company A Will Hold Special Ser
vices in the Cathedral Wednes
' day Evening.
The members of Company A, of the
League of the Cross Cadets, will assemble
in St. Mary's Cathedral next Wednesday
evening for the purpose of offering up
thanks to God for the many blessings be
stowed upon the organization during the
past year. Service will begin promptly
at 7:30 o'clock with the recital of the ros
ary Immediately after, an appropriate
address will be delivered by the Rev.
Father O'Ryan, one of the prominent as
sociate priests of the Cathedral parish.
On the following day masses will be
said in all the Catholic churches through
out the entire city. At the Cathedral high
mass will be solemnized promptly at 9
o'clock and a short address will be de
livered in commemoration of one of the
most memorable Thanksgiving days in the
h ArsTlVnaUuf Church the Gentlemen's
Sodality will hold special services in hon
or of deceased members of the organiza
tion They will also embody in the pray
ers and the mass offered up for the repose
of the souls of their departed associates
special prayers appropriate to Thanks
8 In n many' of the churches the services
will be concluded in the evening with the
rosary and benediction. The day will not
only be observed in the Catholic church,
but will be observed religiously by many
churches of other denominations.
At Glen Park.
There were several thousand spectators
at Glen Park yesterday to witness the
marvelous lion act of Mme. Schell. At
the close of her performance she was en
thusiastically applauded by the audience
that watched her daring feats In the lions'
cage with breathless suspense. Professor
Raymous. the Hawaiian flying fish, made
several daring dives, his last act being to
dive Into th. ipke from a stage erected
over 100 feet hiffli.
Navy Pay Office Moved.
The location of the United States Navy
Pay Office has been changed from San
some and Pine streets to the Phelan build
ing The new quarters of Pay Inspector
Griffin are in room 33 on the fifth floor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
For Thanksgiving— we offer appropriate
goods — the useful; the necessary; the novel.
Dinner favors; bon-bons; delicacies; wines;
after dinner liqueurs.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Store open evenings till 10
CURRANTS ? Zante-Thoroughly
hi/ ik / cleaned, new season's
IUC. ID. goods. Regularly 12^c
~ »t^.»r \ Finest French mixed ;
CANDY ( none better. Regular-
Tuesday only My 35c. lb. here ; else-
Ib, . I*. y I where 50c lb. For one
25c. lb. 1 day
Bon-bons and dinner /avers.
WALNUTS f New crop— papershell
lOC. lb. C Regularly 15c.
BRANDY ) California pure grape.
_ ?• , /:n_ I Regularly 75c. and
Bottle, 60c > rAM Kight for Mince-
Oallon $2.25 > meat.
SARDINES r Imported French
in tin > boneless M tin. Frevot
JVC. tin. —you know the brand
See our Thanksgiving Window
O. K. WHISKEY ) Pure, mellow— the
*»„♦«. t?nn ( popular brand of good
3 Bots. $2.00 > ol( f Bourbon. Reeu-
Gallon, $3.00 ) larlysl.CO and $4.00
. \ "La Favorita" Zinfan-
CLARET / del. Fine dinner wine,
Dozen Quarts c sssssag^-js.
$2.90. ) bottles.
Neurnberger lebkuchen in
CORN / Pi ne Eastern corn.
3 cans 25c ? Regularly 12^c.
CAPVFRS - 2 piece set ; bnck-horn
Z *r~ r **?t I • handles, guaranteed.
3 piece Set I Reg uiarly II 65
$1.15 > 3 piece set, buck-horn
i niece set I handles, nickel tipped
P «i ac I engraved. Regularly
$1.85 J | 2 %
Carving Sets from $i 50 to iojoo
RIESLING 1 "Royal"— very choice
X v I old table wme. Reg-
Dozen Quarts > u.arly $4 75. Allow-
c _ __ I ance 500. doten for
3>.5./.-> j em pty bottles.
Imported French and German. Wines.
\ "Fleur de France"
COGNAC f brand; our importa-
Bottle $2.50 ( tIon ' guaranteed 26
1 years old.
Havana and Key West Cigars.'
__. \ An exquisite condi-
niGNONETTE I ment creates appetite
caiutj V —aids digestion. Ex-
, 2>AUWti > tensively used at the
Bottle SOC. ) Waldorf! -Astoria,
/ New 1 orlc.
Cordials and after dinner liqueurs
\ German honey cake,
i imported raisins
I cleaned currants,
NEW GOODS \ tomac roe herring,
new vjwi/3 \.italian chestnuts,
~t. , tor 3 / appetit slid, kieler
Thanksgiving. I sprotten, German po-
I tatoes, Smyrna figs,
/ plum pudding. *
Pioorc New Imported and Key West goods
UiyQlu now arriving.
60 page catalogue to help you select good*—
mailed free. ■:■- ;*-: -
Use f^k
Facial Soap E^"/ Facial Cream.
Woodbury*s Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial and Tootb. Powder will be found effica-
cious for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth.
00000000 00 0 00 00(5 00
j;w PALACE w|
iCRAND»9Wk»I
X BAM WIIAHCtBCO. 2
V Connected by a covered passageway. jf
0 MOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. J
) All Under One ManafeweoC (J|
fk HOTS THE PKIOXB: Q
T European Plan. .oo par day and upward a
) Aai«rtoan f1an.93.00 per day and upward V
I | Correspondenc* Solicited. Q
S JOBlt 0. XXBKPATEIOK, Huagar. ' Q
QjQ OOP OOP OOP aaj
ra«TM»if»i» ■JV H 9BM II If\
Slci^ VITsUS
THE NEW
HTtr lfiui Day. «u« 'it ,il rnciiuniß
; YITALIS 2uthDi j3-L M DCMCnV
i ?RO»FtBs" HK ABOTB 30th Day. laCnlklllll
; RKBILTS. It quickly II surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
! Kirhtly Emistiom, Evil Dreami Wasting Diseases and all effect*
! of 9elf-abu>eor excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Ward« off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having XT TALI
no other. Can be carried In the rest pocket. By mail $1.00
per paokajra or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure «r
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET (IKf CO., 8311><?urbom St., CMeaf*
■old Owl Prmr Co.. B. F.. and J>ajtland :
fW FAVORSTE' S .
&2P FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
I A IFOR WEAK WOMEM .
. .■ • * ' ■ •■■■ . .*■'■ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Ribbons ! |
0 2
0 •■/ ■ ■ ... - -^ . v
j Ribbons l |
I 10,000 Pieces I
I I
1 PURCHASED AT |
I SPECIAL SALE I |
° o
!■•■■ : \-; / ♦
$> o
♦ We present this week a bewildering array of S
% novelties in Ribbons. All the newest shades, colorings o
% and effects, also Plain Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons, o
o g
1 At Va Regular Price. f
0 £
g Anticipating the demand for Blue and Gold and ♦
% Cardinal Ribbon to be used at the 'Varsity ball game %
% on Thanksgiving, we have made a special purchase %
% of an immense shipment of all numbers, which will %
% be on sale Monday at the o
0 f
! Lowest Quotation in the City. !
I , . — ■ i
% (/(/ Murphy Bulletin*. J (/(/ Murphy Butldlnar. M ♦
I BBDftet art Job Streets. Martet ail Job Streets, |
%o4>o^o<8>o»o<$ > o^o^o^o»o» 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 0^ 00 * 0 '* 00 * 00 * 0 *
AMTJSETIENTS. AMUSEMENTS.^
BALDWIN THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT-2 WEEKS ONLY. Wj^V^U
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY. Vlß^^jl|/lV\>^
Mr. Charles Frohman Will Present the Tri- LILLIH -v^esterj,, Vaudeville^ Premiero
umphant Success of Two Continents. Musical Artiste.
J-^ B THE WILSON FAMILY. High-Class "Coon"
Qonrot vQruinD MAUDE COURTNEY, \Vho Slnjs th» Old
suul Gi •IB In S Mill HARRY LACEY AND COMPANY, In the Great
WWI VI WB H ■ V PLO IRW IN AND WALTER HAWLEY in
"The Gay Miss Con."
With HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS, th* Greatest
Animal Act.
TTTTT TTI If fITT T T^fllfllT? JAMES CULLEN, Vocalist.
Wll-I I A IVI It! I PI IK FRANK AND DON. Comedy Boxers. .
II I I lit It\ 111 UIIiJULJ 11 Li FLOOD BROTHERS, Comedy Acrobats.
IllUUiaiU WlUUUliu Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony. 10c } Box Seats
And Identically the Same Splendid Cast Seen ™%°ft£ $$&££• THURSDAY. NOV. 24..
During the Triumphs in N>"- York and London. Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER. COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
THE RECORD MAKER o O f^ Account of the Elaborate Character
THE RECORD BREAKER. of tfae Productlon the p^t Performance
Special Holiday MatiHe: Thursday. T y hl s th e ny H o : f NDERSON COMPANY m
A. M. Miner and W. W. Freeman Present the AI/nillA f|C DrDPrniO
AU -Surpass^ Muslca^ Comedy Triumph. YRAN 0 DE BERutRAb
A 1 ITi* V Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama.
■*^. X \A <**• ■*• IS POSTPONED UNTIL
r<n MI7V TCT AMn TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) EVENING
1 ill [H J\ I l|3i-iXTLi.I U WHEN IT WILL POSITrVELY BE
V^A* *^ -»- *.***-****•*>* —~ PRESENTED IN A MOST COMPLETE
25— New York's Brightest Boys— 2s. FASHION.
25— Gayest Girls— 2s. Seats Now Ready— Comedy Theater and E?m-
Under Command of the Gallant Leaders in porium.
Every Important Battle of Laughter. PRICES:
SMITH AND CAMPBELL. EVENING .• Sso to H.OO
Next Monda^gl^T^M^HATTAN- MATINEE 860 to "*
Next Monday*— "GAYEST MANHATTAN." — ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER. ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
BEATS BY TELEPHONE MAIN 334. r
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. THIS MONDAY NIGHT.
Special HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY J^J^LmmmM I
ie ™ ~- — IMAGINATION
And 5 50 c. PRODUCTION OF THE DRAMA. 1 1 ■■■ ■^r ■■ ■■ COMEDT. ■■ ■
And BOC. MASTIC MILITARY DRAMA. COMEDT
NORTHERN holiday matinee Thursday.
TO-MORROW NIGHT—
LIGHTS. Benefit MARK THALL.
*"* * Corbett-Sharkey Contest Announced Between
Acts
BO PEOPLE ON THE STAGE. ActS> CHOICE SEATS, 100. 2Sc, 85c, BOc
Coming— "A BOY WANTED." — — ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. HOEOSCO'S GRAND HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr. ****** Mokosco, Sole Leaiee and M«Mgtt
Tm , vvvufNCi Week of Nov. 81, 18$8.
THIS EVENING. Button Vane Best Melodrama,
Oscar Well's Comedy Opera in Three Acts, CM/^UT /^ 1"^
Sit *wc±'fc4r£* *aS SIGHT OF
MIRTH AND MUSIC. »^ I • 1^ li UL J.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M. Special Engagement of th» Handsom* «a«
TO COMMENCE NEXT MONDAY EVEN- I Accomplished Leading 1 Lady,
ING— Grand Scenic Production of Rostand's, MISS ADELE BELGARDE.
Romantic Comedy, /VllOC> AUCLC DOL.U/\rCL»E.
CYRANO DE BERGER AC. GRAND "^E^M^^Slt^™
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC EVENING PRICES, 10c, Soo and 60«.
12 »^ vnwnvRATP MATINEE PRICES, 100. 15c and 25c
SEATS NOW ON SALE. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
i Popular Prices 25° and Mo Telephone Green 861.
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250 _ ■
-. . °"— ■°" h> - CHUTES AND ZOO!
JT^ tKm EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINC*
yffifhttlf* WAS DARWIN RIGHT T
!FMfl?lf Cofi& r ,f>i ll© "CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
| |mV>ir IV jfoeifgf "JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang,
J|^ -^ttf&'E&iDEr t&ack-^ and "SALLY," Chimpanzee
<■ j m lit '^^ s" or the Answer!
VI RACING from Monday, Nov. 14, to \ J \ GREAT BILL in the free theater.
(% Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive. #* ; RETNARDi^ Ventrl j^ t . Wlth w-kllir Rn4
9A Five or Mor» Banning B»wi Daily, lUin \J[ Talking Figures: CONCHITA. California's
or Bhln6. '^\ Favorite; THE JACKSON'S. "Henroost In-
1/ Beautiful Grounds. B4Mi Daily, Rtin»/ Talking and ATTRACTIONS California's
or Bain». , Favorite; THE JACKSON'S. "Henroost In-
Beautiful Grounds. I 1 ; and ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT
ft FIRST U A A CT0I?C T 0I ? m p o<l Mlon9M l0n9 - E AMATEtTR NIGHT EVERY THURSDAY.
» /■'■' S. P. R. R. Trains, 12:45 and 1:15 \ / TWO KANGAROOS IN THE ZOO.
Op. m. dally. Leave Third-street ; 1Oc _ including Zoo and Theater: Children. Sc
Station, stopping at Valencia street. IB | , — - :
Returning immediately after the >C r'nurnvu're avn •BTfar>Ti.'VB
, f% races. Round-trip ticket. 25c. ' f\ , CONCERTS AND Jtis}»UiiXß.
% / ELECTRIC CAR LINES. II I —- — ~ ~*
CJ - Kearny-street and Mission-street 9* . witTnA r-»ATIJO
cars every three minutes, direct to SUTRO BATHo.
\ / track without change. Flllmore- %/__ _, „ _ , « <._ A P M
\L street cars transfer each way. Vf Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 V. n.
• D ADMIBBION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. C\ Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
!\+ S. N. ANDROUS. President. > / ! ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN
-r% F. H. GREEN, Secretary. f\ Bathing, with admission. 28c: children, zee.
OOOOf¥B9T)Of>nO " - t.hess,
. * i\i iYZJtiHX t\f\J\i i KOTABT PUBLIC) AND ATTOBNST-A1 LAW.
— — . '— — Tenth Floor. Room 1018, CUus B- -ckel* Bids.
; : ... Telophons Browa 9h-
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year [,£ e ££?u^ *^ * w *
56
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%> Plug Tobacco 0
w^ when they make a " strike/ as it is the richest $3
dJjP " mother lode "in Tobacco ever discovered. It ]a
jP has been "worked " for twenty years, and the g
(|k vein is as rich and deep as ever, and is always 19
£* en the same level. It assays " pure and per- f|^
jjjk feet." Try the 10-c i piece to-day. Jssr
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR, 1
GAME CALLED
ON ACCOUNT
OF DARKNESS
Sand Crabs and Ath
letics Make a Tie.
BATTLED FOR TEN INNINGS
umpire McDonald was hotly
HISSED.
Watsonville Defeats San Francisco
and Stockton Crushes Oakland.
Lange Stars as a Dis
agreeable Kicker.
By «Joe Corbett.
After, ten long drawn out Innings the j
game yesterday afternoon between the j
Band Crabs and Athletics at Recreation J
Park was called a draw, the score stand-
Ing 6 to 6.
A great crowd turned out to see the
performance, and like Saturday were
given a treat not soon to be forgotten.
Not since the league began have pa
trons .received more than their moneys
•worth, as was the case yesterday. Indeed
I do not remember an instance in which
bo much satisfaction was expressed on
all sides over the manner in which the <
contest terminated. There were of course '•
many occasions where a kick or criti- '
cism would not be out of place, yet it
■would hardly be the proper caper to make
one at this time.
The game started off like a positive vie- \
tory for the Athletics. In the first two i
innings they scored two runs, and in the ;
third, through the generous assistance of :
Btreib and Hurge. who made each a mis- ;
erable muff, and a double by Meeney, fol- i
lowed with a single by First Baseman t
Johnson they scored three more runs and ]
cinched the game as everybody thought. '
The Sand Crabs, however, were not to i
be denied. They kept plugging away, and :
finally in the fourth inning they did man
age to break the ice by sending two runs \
across the plate. "Youngee" Johnson, late '
of the Rochester Club, was directly re- :
sponsible for these counts. His wildness
■was marked from the very beginning, and ;
in the fourth inning the d,amage he did hl3- ;
team's chances was appalling. .• . . •
The inning began and ended as follows:
Arrellanes and Burge singled. On a balk
they ; advanced a peg nearer home, and
then Johnson gave a most miserable, ex- j
hibition by permitting the next three men '
to take first base on balls and thereby
forcing in Arrellanes and Burge. He re
tired at the end of the inning and Fitz-
Patrick took his place. Fitz<-was not as
wild as Johnson, but fared badly, for in
the sixth, with two men out the Athletics
bunched their hits and scored three runs.
An error and a hit batsman, however, were
sandwiched in between his rally. In the
seventh both sides scored, yet the run of
the Sand Crabs was questionable from a
spectator's standpoint, but not from
mine. It happened in this manner: Burge
was on third base. Donlin. the batter, hit
to Fitzpatrick and was thrown out at
first. Burge undismayed made a dash for
the plate, and was called safe. Hisses and
groans accompanied Umpire McDonald's !
decision, r although it was perfectly j
right, despite its closeness. Jvohman did !
not touch Burge. He hit the ground close
to him; of that I feel positive. This ended
the run getting, and at the expiration of
the tenth, owing to darkness, McDonald
called the game. McCarthy lost a run for
his side for mixing in a play ; when he
should have been in the coacher's box
McDonald's ruling on this occasion was
also correct. The ore follows: 1
■ ATHLETICS. • —
AB. K. BH. SB. PO A E.
McCarthy, I. f 4 111 3 ' l' 6
Hanlpy. 2 b 3 2 0 0 13 3
Meaner, c. i 4 12 2 0 0 2
Stultz, F. 0.. ......;... 4 1 11 5 3 l
Hildebrand, r. 1 5 0 0 0 2 0 1
Johnston, lb 4 1 10 8 0 0
McLaughlln, 3 — 4 0 0 0 .2 . 11
Lohir.an, C 5,. 0 3 18 2 0
Johnson, v .2 0 0 0 0 10
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 00 S 0
Totals 38 6 8 6 »29 14 8
SANTA CRUZ.
, AB. R. PH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. «. 5:..:... 4 ,11 0 12 3 1
Donlln, c' f 5X20100
Devereaux, 3 b . 3 1, 1 0 1 2 1
Streib. 1. f 5 I 2® 3 0 1
Borchers. P 4 0 2.0 0 5 1.
C. Daubenbis. c 6.0 ? 0 8-4 g i
I Arrplanes. 2 b 5 13 0 2 3 0
: Burge. r. f g 2 2 1 2 1 1
\ Fitzgerlad, 1 b .5 0 0 0 11 0 0
Totals \Z (. 13 2 30 IS 5
RUNS Bl' INNINGS.
Fanta Cruz 00203100 o—6
Base hits 1 112 13 110 2—13
Athletics 113000100 o—6
i Base hits 2 120010011—8
SUMMARY.
Rt:ns responsible for— Borchf-rs. 1; Johnson. 1.
I Tw <.-li&ise hits — I/ihman, I>everea;iJt, Meaney,
Borchera. Sacrifice hit — Hanl^y. Base on errors
'■ —Athletics, 4; Santa Cruz. 5. Bases on Klla -
Athletics. 3: Santa Cruz, 6. Left on bases —
Athletics, »: Santa Oruz>. 15. Struck out--By
Borchers, 7; by Johnson, 1; by Fitzpatrick, 5.
Hit by pitcher — Haxiley. Devereaux,
Borchers. Double play— Johnson to Lohman to
i .l..hn?ton. Passed balls— Daubenbis. 2. Wild
j pitch— Bor'-her?. Balk— Johnson. Time of pame
—1:45. Umpire— McDonald; Official scorer— J.
1 \V. Stapleton.
•Borchers out for interfering with throw by
I-ohman.
LANGE AS A KICKER.
Stockton Takes the Final Game From
Oakland.
STOCKTON, Oil.. Nov. 20.— Stockton
won the final game to-day from Oakland
by a score of 7 to 1. most of the runs be
inp made on four bad errors in throwing,
made by Sullivan, the visiting catcher.
A disagreeable feature of the game was
the "kicking" of Lange, which drove more
than one spectator away from the grand
stand. The score was:
SIOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Jake Berkley, 1 b... 5 2 2 0 8 1 1
Selna. 3 b 3 12 0 0 2 0
Knell, p 3 1 0 0 1 2 1
Nick Smith, 2 b 4 0 2 0 2 a 1
Pace, c 3 10 14 0 0
Billings. 8. s 3 0 10 8 12
Gaumitz, 1. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Ktce. c. t 4 1 0 0 1 0 0
Harper, r. i 4 12 0 2 0 0
Totals 32 7 9 1 24 9 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
■ Sohmeer. s. ■ 5 0 0 1 5 3 1
I Irwin. 2 b 2 0 112 3 2
! Hardie. r. t 4 0 10 2 0 0
<» 'Neil. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 10
i Lange, 3 b 3 0 112 2 1
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 3 14
i Moskiman, 1. t 4 110 0 0 0
I Bllsh, 1 b 3 0 2 19 11
Russell, i> 2 0 0 0 14 0
Totals 31 1 6 4 24 15 9
RTTNS BT INNINGS.
; Stockton 1 0 0 0 3 0 0 8 •— 7
Base hits 1 0 12 3 0 0 2 •— 9
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 •— 1
Base hit* 1 0 110 111 •— 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Russell. 3. Two-bas«
hit— Beckley. "Inree-base hit— Selna. Sacrifice
hits Russell, 2; Rice. Double play — Irwin to
Schmeer to Bliss. First base on errors -Stock
ton. 4; Oakland, 3. Left on bases-Stockton, 6;
Oakland. 12. Bases on balls -Off Knell, 4; off
Russell, 3. Struck out— By Knell. 2: by Rus
s'll I. Hit by pitcher— Pace. Passed ball—
Sullivan. Time of game— l:o3. Umpire— Charleg
Chase. Scorer— A. H. Hardin.
Sacramento Swats San Jose.
! -SAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 20.—The most cx
i citing game of ball played here during the
i season was that between the Sacramentos
■ and San Joses to-day, the former .winning
iby a score of 3 to 2. The San Jose team
would probably have come off victorious
; but for a wild throw by "Truck" Kgan
: in the first Inning, which gave two runs
to the Gilt Edges. Whalen pitched for
San Jose and did fine work. The score:
SAN JOSE.
: "o.r> - ' AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
1 Hopkins, 3 b ...4 0.1 0 2 0 0
i Pyne, 1. f 8.1. 1 0 10
Rlley. 2 b * 0 0 0 1.2.0
I McGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
' Hanlon.'.l b.. ...4 1 2 0 11 0.0
'■ Kkhii. s. s 3 0 10 4 13
! Foley. r. f...... 2. 0 0 0 0 0 0
! Kent, c .4 0 0 0 -3 2 1
| Whalen, p. 8 0 0 0 2-4 1
Total* 31 " 5 0 27 10 S
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McHale, 1 b... 4 0 0 0 9 0 0
Peeples, 3 b.... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Doyle, p 4 2 2 10 2 0
Stanley, c...: 8 110 4 0 0
! I,ockhead, b. 8...... 4 0 0■ • 0 8 4 0
i Harvey, r. 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
■ l>enn»hle. 2 b........ 3 0 0 0 1,-1.0
Borland, 1. t: 4 0 113 0 0
: Sheehan, c. • f;....... 4 0 2. — — — '—
Totals ..:'..... ....34 ~8- 5 2 27 -7 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San J05e.."....'.... ..0 0000 011 o—2
Sacramento ....2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—3
•■ ■■,-..;:;■.. SUMMARY.;
Earned runs—San Jose, Jl. Bases on balls-
San Jose, 2; Sacramento, 2. Struck out—By
Doyle, 3: by AVhalen. 1. Left on bases—San
Jose 4; Sacramento, 6. Three-base hits—Hop
kins Doyle. Two-base hit—Hanlon. Double
! play—Whalen to Kent to Hanlon. Hit by
1 pitcher— Time of game—l:4o. Umpire—
' Sweeney. Scorers— Doyle and Webber.
♦
:
. The Babies Are Proud.
WATSONVILLE. Cal.. Nov. 20.—The
Watsonville Babies defeated the San
Franciscos to-day by a score of 10 to 7.
Balsz, the Watsonville twlrler, was batted
severely, and if it had not been for the
excellent field work of Hayes and Hart
man the Bay City nine would have won.
Big Bill Lange. Sandow Merten and
Chance of the Chicagos played with the
Babies and in the last Inning, whin the
score stood 6 to-6, they gave an excellent
| exhibition of ball playing. "South Paw"
i Daubenbia umpired to the satisfaction of
I all. v•.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
TROUBLE IS
BREWING AT
LAKE ATLIN
Confusion Over Many
of the Claims.
JUMPERS WILL BE ACTIVE
MEN WHO LOSE RICH DIGGINGS
EXPECTED TO SHOW FIGHT.
*
Miss Dolly Bennett, the Mayor of the
New Mining Metropolis, Grows
Bich Through Her Win
ning Ways.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Nov. 11.— H. D.
Lund, just out from Lake Atlin, de
scribes the situation in a way that in
dicates that things will be badly mixed
up in the new diggings next spring. It
will take a firm and level-headed gold
commissioner and a vigilant police
force to prevent bloodshed. That there
is going to be trouble over the claims
there is no doubt. Mr. Lund is origin
ally from the north of England. He
came from New York to Lake Linder
man as agent for the Peterboro Canoe
Company and learned of the Atlin dis
covery in time to get in there and lo
cate No. 3. below Discovery, on Pine
Creek, which is considered one of the
best claims on the creek. He is also
interested in No. 4 below. Mr. Lund
said:
"When the first rush was on every
body thought the ground was in Brit
ish Northwest Territory, and located
250-foot claims. The British Columbia
Gold Commissioner came along and the
claims had to be reduced to 100 feet.
This let the gate open for jumping, and
In many instances not only the 150 feet
but the 100 feet, to which the original
locator is entitled, for the law does not
I take that away from htm, though he
! may have staked too much, were
1 jumped and restaked. Some of the
original locations were recorded and
some were not, and it is the same way
! with the relocations. After staking
quite a number of men left for the
; coast to get ready for returning in the
! spring and others stampeded to other
j creeks and made locations there. Very
few of these did the amount of work
j before or after the closed season neces
: sary to hold the claims, and a number
' of claims otherwise legally located have
I been Jumped on this point of law. Now
I when these original locators return
' next spring and find their ground
claimed and staked by other men there
lis going to be trouble. I shall not be j
| surprised to hear of a few sudden j
i deaths.
•The gravel is going to be easy to
> work. There is plenty of water, and
i the country is the most favorable for
I prospecting that 1 ever saw Under
■ brush is almost unknown. The timber
is open and the ground is hard and
i dry The firewood is so hard and dry
that it burns with a bluish flame that
makes a great heat. Some of this wood
i is so hard that it will turn the edge of
an ax, and seems petrified. You can
cross the country from creek to creek ,
anywhere.
"There were reports of a new strike
up in the neighborhood of Five Lakes
i before I came out. I did not stop to
i investigate, and don't think much of
! the report. Five L -kes are up beyond
Surprise Lake, and some good pros
■■ pects I know have been found in that
| section. Yes, I heard something about
i a smoking mountain up there, but I
i never saw it. The formation is pc
: culiar in there. The gravel seems to
be foreign to the surrounding country.
I For instance, the bottom of Wright
| Creek is a slate standing on end, and
i the depressions in it make a natural
- ! sluice box and ripples. It is in these
| crevices in the bed of the creek that the
j gold is found. Wright is one of the
j best creeks. A great many men got
| left who might have had good claims
: there because they took no stock in the
creek at first, and the fellows who
staked regardless got good ground.
"There will be two towns in there,
Atlin City, on the shore of the lake.
i and Discovery City, near Discovery
claim on Pine Creek, but I think Dis
covery City will be the leading place,
! It is eight miles up the creek, but is
I centrally located with reference to all
I the other creeks on which claims have
been staked. The British Columbia
Government holds the town sites and
leases the ground. For instance, five
! miles along the lake and five miles In
i land from Atlin City is reserved by
! the Government. After a suitable time,
! usually in three or four years, the lots
j are sold to the highest bidder, the im
provements a man has made on his lot
being counted in his favor in his bid.
Lots thus usually go to those who have
occupied and improved them."
Mr. Lund made a neat clean-up out
of the general stampede to Atlin dur
ing the last week in August and in Sep
tember as a ferryman. He had a ca
noe, one of a very few boats on the
lake, and carried people across Atlin
| for aa high as $20 a head, five to the
j load. More boats and competition came
I along in time, and when the fare got
down to $2 50 for the eigh* miles diag
onally across the lake from the portage
to Atlin City he quit.
A man known as Colonel L. W. Smith,
from some place in California, has
made a road across the two-mile por
tage from Taku Arm to Lake Atlin,
I the Taku Arm end of which is pro
! tected by ground located as a placer
claim. He has had a park train In
operation since early In the rush, and
| Is credited with having made a barrel
of money at 5 cents a pound. A wagon
train will be put on next summer, and
j as doubtless the same experience will
' occur ap between Dyea and Rkaguay,
' there will be a whole fleet of steam,
i sail and row boat ferries on the lake.
! Skaguay parties have interested them
selves in buying or building a light
draught boat of sufficient power to take
her up the Atlintoo River from Taku
Arm to the lake. Lumber has been or
dered at Jimeau and Skaguay for the
erection of hotels, saloons and other
buildings at the new diggings. It will
Ibe sledded in over the snow. Observa
tion shows that extensive preparations
! are being made for business at Atlin.
The Mayor of Atlin City is a woman.
i One of the most successful plungers in
mining property at the new diggings is
a well known and very attractive
young woman, who has left more than
a few smitten hearts in her wake dur
ing a several years' residence in Ju
neau. There are no rounders in Alaska
who haven't heard of her.
She is a Miss Dolly Bennett, neat,
trim, thoroughly up to date, and the
last girl even the most experienced
Market-street masher would pick out
for an adventuress. Miss Bennett was
by common consent endowed with the
title of "Mayor of Atlin City." She is
credited, among other accomplishments
of the season at Atlin, with having
[made an impression on a Government
official connected with the office where
claims are recorded, and throug-h her
natural diplomacy to have succeeded
in acquiring in " various ways good
claims on the best creeks. She is now
said to be one of the richest claim
holders in the Atlin country. Miss Ben
nett has come out of the diggings to
mingle with the gay world on the coast
for the winter, and is now at Skag
town. This winsome creature was
never a sunburst nor a grand piano
with the loud treadle on. but rather as
soft-toned and sympathetic as a melo
deon in the dusk of a summer eve.
MIX, THE LUCKY MINER,
WELL KNOWN IN SHASTA
REDDING, Nov. 20.— 1n announcing
the rich gold strike at Porcupine,
thirty-five miles up the Chilkat trail
the Juneau correspondent of The Call
mentioned P. W. Mix and Ed Finley as
the discoverers of the new district and
recited the fact that Mix was formerly
a resident of Shasta, in this county,
where he supposed that his wife and
parents still resided. The news in The
Call created a great deal of interest in
this county.
It has been ascertained that S. W.
Mix lived at Shasta in former years,
though none of his relatives are rest
dents of Shasta County now. Mix is
about 30 years old. a son of J. D. Mix,
District Attorney of this county from
1860 to ISC2. His mother is a resident
of Walla Walla. The lady Is a heavy
stockholder in the famous Washington
mine at French Gulch, and was the
guest in this city of Judge Bush and
family a couple of years ago.
An uncle of the Alaskan miner used
to. do business in the old town of
Shasta, under the firm name of Pierce,
Church & Co., and a brother, (Jus Mix,
also lived in Shasta at that time. Old
residents say the Mix family was
highly reputable.
OPERATION OF THE
NEW BANKRUPTCY LAW
All Classes Ready to Benefit by the
Change, but Many Courts Are Not
Prepared to Pas Upon It.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The forth- 1
coming report of the Attorney General
embraces a review of the operation of
the national backruptcy law of July 1,
1898, which has been prepared by E. C. j
Brandenberg, In charge of bankruptcy ;
matters In the Department of Justice, j
Mr. Brandenburg, who is preparing a |
book on bankruptcy, briefly reviews sim- !
ilar past legislation and details the op
eration of the feature of the law permit- '
ting persons to become voluntary bank
rupts which took effect August 1, 189 S. j
From this report it appears that the ap
plicanta for relief have been found in I
every walk of life, Irrespective of class
or locality and phowa that the large
class of men who have been unfortunate
in their business enterprises have availed
themselves of the relief offered. Not
withstanding the law has been in force
over three months, the courts In eight
districts declined to proceed with the ref
erence and adjudication of the petitions
for/the reason that the Supreme Court
has not promulgated the rules, forms and
orders required by the act. In all other
cases the courts have proceeded and ud-
Judlcated Petitioners bankrupt or have re- |
ferred the canes to the referees for u<- :
tion. Since the law took effect 1700 peti- |
tlons of involuntary bankruptcy have
been filed. Singularly, the districts of!
Delaware, Eastern Pennsylvania, South
ern Georgia, Nevada, New Mexico, West
ern Virginia and Wyoming show that no
persons therein have applied to be ad
judged bankrupt.
The following shows the number of
cases filed in each State:
Alabama, 181; Arizona, 1: Arkansas, 23;
California, 86; Colorado, 28; Connecticut,
S; Delaware, none; District of Columbia,
1; Florida. 2S; Georgia, northern district,
1; Idaho, 3; Southern Illinois, 3S; Indiana,
34; Indian Territory. 7; lowa. 47; Kansas.
65; Kentucky. 74; Louisiana. 7; Maine. 79; j
Maryland, 32; Massachusetts, 4; Mlnne-
BOta, 144 ; Mississippi, 7; Missouri, 04; Mon- \
tana, 11; Nebraska, 23; Nevada, none;
New Hampshire. 2; New Jersey, 13; New
Mexico, none; New York, 2fi7; North Caro
lina, 12; North Dakota, 1; Ohio. 76; Okla- i
hnma, 2: Oerpon, 9; Western Pennsylva
nia, 81; Rhode Island, 14; South Carolina,
2: South Dakota, 9; Tennessee, 69; Texas, j
132; T'tah. 9; Vermont. 11; Virginia, east
ern district, 1; West Virginia, 14; Wiscon- |
sin. 46.
As the involuntary features of the law
which permits creditors to have their
debts adjudicated as a bankrupt did not i
take effect until November 1. 1898, it has I
been impossible to obtain any data with
reference to the operation of this provi- j
sion.
INDIANS WILLING TO
LEASE THEIR LANDS
Ask for Permission to Give a Syndi
cate Control of Mineral Prop
erty in Utah.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The long agi
tated question of Gilsonite land leases in
Utah has been revived by a delegation of
four Uintah Indians, who, with an in- i
terpreter, have arrived here, mainly to ;
obtain the approval of a valuable lease.
The lease is for several thousand acres of ;
the best mineral land iq the reservation,
and the prospective lessee is the Raven
Mining Company, mad* up, It is said,
largely of Chicago capital. President
Potwii) of the Chicago "Varnish Company,
and Charles Fister of the Fister & "\ ogel !
Leather Company of Milwaukee are stat
ed to be among the prime movers of the
company.
The delegation had a hearing before
Commissioner of Indlnn Affairs Jones, at !
which Mr. Potwin also was present. The
delegation stated that the tribe was anx
totu to lease its mineral lands and to
have the revenue therefrom accrue to it.
Respecting the proposition that it accept
allotments on the agricultural portions
and leave all the rest open to sale at $1 2o
an acre, the reds pointed out that only
the most valuable portion would then be
bought, taking away the revenue-produc
ing tracts and leaving the otherwise use
less portions.
They were informeu by Commissioner
Jones that he favored the leasing of their
lands to any responsible parties for the .
Indians' own benefit. While he would j
like to see them accept allotments on \
their agricultural lands, they should at
the same time have satisfactory royalties
from the mineral lands. The delegation j
will call on President McKinley and Sec
retary Bliss, who will give them a hear- ;
ing on their proposition.
SAVES A FRIEND'S LIFE,
THEN LOSES HIS OWN
Surveyor John Mclntyre Browned in
Old River, Near
Bethany.
BETHANY, Nov. 20.— John Mclntyre,
employed by the Old River Land and Re
clamation Company at C.rton Court as a
surveyor, was drowned last night. He was
a native of Scotland, about 40 years of
age.
While returning home last night at
about 10 O'clock with a pnrty of friends,
and on coming to the Old River, which
they had to cross, one of the party fell
into the river. Mclntyre plunged in after
him and brought him ashore. Half an
hour late, when crossing the river again
two miles further down, Mclntyre fell
overboard. A companion immediately
plunged in after him, but Mclntyre never
came to the surface. Jt is very probable
that he beciinv chilled or was taken witn
cramps after having rescued his compan
ion, and, becoming unable to balance the
little boat or to swim to shore after hav
ing fallen in. he sank immediately. Mc
lntyre was for a long time a resident ot
Stockton. The body has not yet been re
covered.
SHOT BY A NEGRO.
One Cleveland Citizen Killed and An-
other Mortally Wounded.
CL.EVEL,AND, Ohio, Nov. 20.— John Ste
fanien was shot and killed and John Fe
dorco .mortally wounded this afternoon
by Sam Carr. a colored man from North
Carolina. Carr entered Stefanicn's yard
in an intoxicated condition. Stefanlen at
tempted to put him out. A quarrel en
sued and Carr drew a revolver and began
firing. Carr was arrested.
SIXTH NEGRO
REGIMENT IS
UNDER GUARD
Arrested at Camp Ma
con for Rioting.
WOULD KILL THE WHITES
MADE A BUSH THROUGH LINES
AFTER PROVOST GUARDS,
[ Prompt Action by General Wilson
Causes the Disorderly Volun
teers to Be Placed in
Confinement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MACON, Ga., Nov. 20.— The Sixth
Virginia negro regiment, that caused so
much trouble in Knoxville, is under ar
rest in camp at Macon, all of their arms
and ammunition having been taken
from them. They are guarded by a bat
talion of the Tenth Immunes, also ne
groes.
About midnight last night eighty
members of the Sixth broke through
the lines at camp and started to town,
with the avowed purpose of killing the
white provost guards, each man being
armed with a rifle and a belt full of
cartridges. Information concerning the
action of the negroes was sent to pro
vost headquarters and General Wilson
at once ordered Colonel Gaillard of the
Third Engineers out to arrest the ne
groes.
The Third went to the camp of the
Sixth and found them rioting and dis
orderly. Further trouble is feared
when the Sixth is released from the |
guardhouse.
MONTANA MERCHANT
KILLS A POLICEMAN
Mistakes the Officer for a Burglar and
Sends a Bullet Through His
Temple.
GREAT FAT.L.S, Mont., Nov. 20.—Police
man I-uke Curry was shot through the
left tfmple and Instantly killed at 3
o'clock this morning by Isaac Shaeffer, a
merchant who recently arrived here from
Now York and engaged in business as the
Manufacturers' Outlet Company. Shaef
fer and his partner. Gross, were sleeping
in the store, and suposed that the officer,
who was trying the doors of the business
houses, was a burglar. Shaeffer immedi
ately gave himself up. He has a family
in New York City. Curry was an uld
tlme mountaineer, having been in the
State for twenty-five years.
Killed by Hebounding Bullet.
COPPEROPOLIS, Nov. 20.— Florian Far
man, a native of Minnesota, aged 26
years, was accidentally killed to-day while
he and several friends were hunting. Far
man was shooting a pistol at a coon. The
ball struck a rock, rebounded and passed
through his body near the heart. He
lived aV-out four hours. He leaves a
young- wildow.
Death at Watsonville.
WATSON VI LJ.E, Nov. 20. — Thomas
Kennedy, a pioneer of this valley, died
this morninp at St. Mary's Hospital In
San Francisco. He had been the proprie
tor of Kennedy's stable here for nearly
thirty years. He leaves a widow and
three sons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOHDEEB
Buch as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of He.it, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
; Blotches on- the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
, IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEFCHAUJ'N PI 1.1 A, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare tho
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
MPRWITA mum vitality
IMLCrfVI I M LOST vigor.
f: ■■ AND MANHOOD
Cure* potency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effect* of self-abuse, or excess and j
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder, i
Brings the pink glow to pale cheek* and re
stores the fire of youth. By mail GOo per
box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ftrvltt medical Co., CTntoß « Sfackton $«., gtleajjo.
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant aye., San Franclaco.
vj^lA^U/ WHEN YOU
: ((os^<osrs^ Require an ELEC-
Ki-^^^^^TRiC BELT get "Dr.
; Pierces" and you will
Vll^2kL ' r not be disappointed. j
-yps~ Call or address PIERCE |
• '' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
; Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F. .
I' DR.MQNDLTY.
T»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.I3OLD
JL Spec!alistc«r«* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
' Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'ni* experience.
I Patients curedatllome. Terms reasonable. HotirsO
! to 3 dally; 6:3o to B:3o ev'gs. Sundays, 10 12. Consul*
; tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or&ddreai
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26S Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
| healthful regularity. - .
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles . and all derangement! of tha
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
i or by. mail. RAJDWAY ft CO.. New Xork.
advertisem:ejS"ts.
% DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
THREE SPECIALTIES! I
<► ■ v <>
<►;; . ■ — <►
| REYNIER WALKING GLOVES I
! i Real kid. glace, three rows stitched backs, gusseted fingers, pique sewed, patented < .
¥ thumbs guaranteed to fit, every pair warranted. Special price, per pair, i '
I $1.50. I
1 DENT'S ENGLISH GLOVES. I
% An entire line for Ladies, Gentlemen and Children. < ;
$ PERFUMER Y. I
♦ FRENCH and HUDNUT'S AMERICAN. %
<» SAPPHO PINK, the favorite, is distinguished by its fresh, sharp and spicy fragrance.
i WOOD VIOLET, America's favorite perfume, is a very sweet and perfectly tru© e«- <|
I <► sence, prepared from the fresh flowers. a,
I LADIES' PURSES. I
t ■ PLAIN AND ORNAMENTED WITH STERLING SILVER. |
«► STYLES— Alligator, Cordova, Seal, Pebbled, Serpent, Lizard, Glove Kid, Boa, Morocco £
I BOSTON BAGS, SHOPPING BAGS AND GRIPS. |
I % Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. < ►
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, :;
% SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. %
? UNION SQUARE. o
'•:•' _______ n..WJI l i l ; n - BAUiIIOAI> TRAVEL.
' J^&ts!!pnsf£&k± _flßK~^^_a_^_^^^_l_ Hov"rnKSif^i*AviwMc~conrjLTrr»
A^KBHBBmßSnß^^r^^^..M^^^t^^LT^Su& (pacific hy.stum.)
" '^m (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
" rnvit — Fbom Nov. 3, 1896. — Aaxrr»
"•6:00a Nilee, San Jose and Way Stations... •B(4Sa
10 IVCarnV 311661. . 7:OUAMMTSTil^OroT_leaad Redding via
•* Woodland »r*»»
Is the very best place to have your eyes ex- 7:»Oa. Elmtn. Vacate and RnrewV".... •««*
amined and have them fitted to Spectacles and 7:3»a Martino*. SauHaraon. Vallejo. N»p^
Eye Glasses with Instruments exclusively their n Cali«ti> B a anj ganta Rosa ........ ill**
own whose superiority has not been equaled. »<OOa Atlautlc Kxpreas O^en and K^rt.. 5145»
Our success has been d— to the merits of our MO* San Jose Stockton VaHer Spring, <
— .--ir • •. - ":':i lone, Sacramento, ManrnTiile,
worK - — Chlco, Tehtuna and Re.l Uluft.... 4il»»
Bi3OA Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. ?:ISp
l~i_v_y« -^^— • •SiSOa Milton *7iia»
g^^~ ~VX^ff^Jh J — 'OCTOR OjOOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop. Merced
/sl£S"S^^sx3r<*?3J^ andKroeno 12:15?
_^^_§^**I_P'^^« Ail CV C DfS MO* Fresno, BakersOelil, .Santa lUrhara.
(_jy?7^ -g^ ■■ ■ -—■<—••• W_ Log Aoeeles, Doming, El Paso,
vag&^S* *SS ' . r*r\ * New Orleans and Cast 6:43 1
isfifrtff< ** ****• Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
Sj_g^ .r— . jtsSS3 Qnoriallctc fn? Men tine* 6:-i3p
h+SsZ il^g^Bua^SL SpBClallStS lOr Men Vallejo. Martinexand Way "U'sr
'»« \% '»CTSW \SS*( 1 Tliwe T.hTi.lcl»rn hive been M:OOr Sacramento lU»er Hte««ners * U: "L >!>
\sMk f<3y* -^curing *mkDtn «d no- ItOOpJSiles. San Joee and Way Stations... 11:13*
\\S?l?_ I tracted ailments since 1881. San Jose, lies and Way Stations... JO:IS*
\asfS" 1 >d'*ii-ii& T1 '* y h!ive tlie l" S'"« — id SiOOp Kiies, Tracy, Mendota, Uanfurd and
wWi/l /tOORv best eu«lw>»Kl ju«iic»l in- Visalia 4:15r
■^ ntU u&IUmW AUltntion. an th« Bo.t«. Ll»eruiore, Son Jose, Nilea and Way
<2§ciwH WKP'7''^' *t«n»lve practice in the L. 3. Btatio»s! Jloil3a
xSoß»i;iSSt''K 4Ji%» ? >"o P«T Till Cured. 4iOOp Martinez. "Han" Hamon. Vallejo
i^il'l i'* l - te who en- Napa OaHstoga. .Cl Verano a.d
■^f? lev. (II T flTf HHfli ._" T -, — w Knights lauding, MarysTille, Oro-
ESTABLISHED -7 YEARS ALL FREE. Tllln and Sacramento IO:4»*
, established 17 YEARS. ntlllMnd , _, red at bom>l 4:8 Of Howards. Nile* and San Jose 7f4OA
All lrtten confldrnt!»l. Jlo Charge for Consultation. OcOOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
~frtl 3I4KKFT ST.. 1 — . ; *U. "'■ Mojare, ijauta Barbara and l-o«
731 S*V VRAVri«m J Elevator Entrance. Augeles »«4«A
lUI SAX FBAXCIBCO 1 ( AiOVpSanU F« Route. Atlantic Kipr««
■ _______ . for MojaTc and Kant Ot*9r
ti • II i i : Illi ii n- 'iSiOOr " Pacific Coaet Limited," El Pmo,
Munvon sHeadaclie and InoipstionCure H X izXc&otrrJ?*:.. 8 *: ******
I o - O:3«pNilea, San Jone, Tracy, 1-atbrop,
Is the only remedy en tLe market that Merced and Fresno ,-~'-.-i**
will cure every form of Headache In 3 XU'r^p^i^^^^"«£ii "JiSl
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stkn- ••:•«>(• Vaiiej.. .. ... i«iisp
Ulate the nerves and build Up the sys- J?iOOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tern. It should be In every home and a ... tlonß , • ;'ii J»t4a»
m.T7*rtT trnvoler'i f i-irxinolr At «11 T>i-ii»' 8i«0p On-poii Kiprttw, Sacramento, IVUryii-
every traveler a . ripsacn. At an uruj- _,y, ,, rill n,^ p ort ianti, rnget
gists. 25 cures. 25C Hound and Hnat 8:ISa
rr - SAN I.EA.MMCO AM» lIAYHAHMS LOCAL.
HALL BO AD TRAVEL. ' '—— (Foot of Market Street.)
>_^ "I nelrdse. Seminary Park, (
' — * : £'* A >'ltclilmr S , Klmliiimt, „•«♦"•-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. >» taj^^y- [SI,
IjESSEjEJ :i3:'oo.m " liOrewßO, Cherry jlllijp
UN FBAICISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC f«T ii.r" d S^S,
RAILWAY COMPANY. 7ioop , i 1 " throiiKh to Niles. 7«13r
-_. _ *** I '~->~_>'O~FA«Y. Vo* «•_ ,/ ' From ■'""- I
vasma --— *— •« «Ui_«t »* COAST i»ivi>io.n \urrorr «a Oge ).
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. (Foot of Market Street.)
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a m ; 12:15, Newark. C'snterrille, San
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip Boulder Creek.Santa Onus and Way
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 mm _ mm 8t»tlOM. ...... JJ.36,
and 11-30 p m *Mil9r Newark. CeDterrille, San Jose, New
6UNDAYS-S:00," 9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:34. 3:30. Almaden, Ftlton. Bonlder Oreek.
6:00 6:20 p m Santa Crua and Principal Way
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO. . ,_ v Bt ** ii ° a f'~--; UVV^V •lf»S»*
WEEK DAYS-«: 10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45, f 'J^ Newark., San Jaw and Lo. Gate. 9:3« A
?^and O6O 6 3? pp m m Saturdays-Extra trip, at * » ■«> Hnoters^Ex^on, San ; Joae and
S Yroo D l^f"p 8:1 i 9:4 U:l ° "" m - : I:4 °' * : "' CREEK ROUTE FtRRY.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park Tr*m SIB m CISCO— Foot of Mtrktt Slreat (Slip 8)—
same schedule as above. *7:16 '9:00 11 :00a. u. Jl:03 •2:00 t3:3l
Eel^ ; ATrT^ •« : <»0 *8:00 •6:00r. M .
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. frwi OiIURD— F««t tf Broadwij. — "8:00 8:00 10404. M.
— October 18, JI2:CO *l^)0 t2:00 *3:00 14:00 *8:O0f.m.
Week Sun- 1893. Sun- Week — ______
Days. days. Destination. days. Days. COAST DIVISION (Broad Mange).
■ (Third and Townaend St».)
7:Soam 8:00 am v Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam -, on . M . — t n^ ..,..1 w.. m_.n.ma /X«»
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am Aiinadtn Wedne&aMo nli) li3Oi
6-"> P» 6:W m Santa Rosa. 7:3Spm 6:22 pa, .t.. t . o * s.t ,t rr^^H^tlcn^ I "*'
"~~~~~ ~~~~~" Trs.it^T, "~"~~~ Facilio GroTe, l'a»<> Kubies, San
-._„_ wJnrt«rtn* : ~ id-ss . m l,nls <>Wsp«». Oiiadalupe. Surf and
7:»&m Windsor 10:*»m Principal Way Stations 4.1 »l
Healdsburg:. • |Oi4Oa Han .logo and Way Stations •»iO«j
n^' l 11i3«a San Joee and Way Stations 8:35.
,:«,p» 8:00 am ?so^siK: 7:Bsp m *:« P m *«'«-^^^KffSluil'SSi J^
* " r*_~ ~ — t > Gllr,,y. Hollister. Sauta PaSS
T:Boam 8:00 am Hopland and _ 7:35pm B:23pm ! j fUllniii Moiuerer aud 7*.... "l©:3«.
7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36pm B:22pm Hn»T\.7 ... .....^"...7.!..". •I««S««
~rrz : : r "" ! Tri: «8:S«»p Ban Joieand'WaV Stations •»:»•«
7:Soam .._ _ 10:2oam .4:l»p San. Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45«
8:0 am Guernevllle - 7:Bspm ,M, M 'SiOOpSan Joae and Principal Way Stations 6i35i
»:80P m '. 6:22Pm Si3»p 9an. Togo ami Principal Way Statious »:3O|
7:Soain 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S am finisr Sal! Jose and Way Stations. '.'.*.'.'.'.*.'. 7tBo|
B :10 pm 5:00 pm Olen^Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm A 'orMan.ing. , g-^^ Plor AfUrnoon^
1 1_ • Sundays exeepred. t Sumlajß only. * Balnrrtay«Oßiy
7:Soam S:ooam Eebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am % Mondays and Thnradayg. 1 Saturday! and Wednesdayf
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm — — ■ •— ■ —
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark V\ eat , >^**\ •* • £T~** - ' •
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- B rtj. BZI ~sl -TIL, tfjl. *f*3ftk
serville for Skogga Springs; at Cloverdal? Tor & /f« HHnH 13 f 1 W H li'^H
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs, %^Mil B^i^a ■ ■ ■%&
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad >■.;•-■:'.
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett yrr 9 ' 9 1 *l ;
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga ' M « y«^ss~l \o "*f"/f~!\ iff'3
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter " |s ,i 0H W Mfi& £!
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, liiißllliV\l
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley s, Bucknell's, ' "* " T J— ■. ''
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle. Orr"s _^- '.. '-—,"r-*., "r-*. --^
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, GZ+Ss^TH'if"^ !r43k O^«Hlf/\
Westport, Usal, Willitt!". Laytonvillc. Cum- C^SI lld _l€r I\Cf SJ lit
ming's. Bell's- Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. VJ'^J ■ B *^* »^- ■*W»BRV
B< Salurday MoW round trip ticket, at Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
reduced rates. Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bide. following Thursday, Saturday
H.C. WHITING, x. RYAN. and Tuesday— Arriving In New
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. York at 1 :3O P.. M. Friday, Sunday
~ : : ; and Wednesday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. Dl^v G atf oo A n RS cl r jFF a^ c
Via SaoMllt* Ferry. Lighted Sleeping Car.
FROM SAN /RANCISCO^O^MILI, VALLEY Th|s Tra|n  |n Addition to the Da ,, y
WEEK days— *7:2o, »»:30. 11:00 a. m.; «1:45, j Overland Express.
3^!iß#£s;,,lfe «sr s°°^ i ai francisco ticket office — mihut si,
SUNDAYS— »10:00, 11:30 a. m.; »1:15 ' TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
8: Traln 8 3 ° marked 'Tun to San Quentln. ' Oakland offioe—UlB Broadway. *
FRo anBSAa n8 SAN r rafael to san francisco Sacramento Offioe — 201 J Street.
., w £ * i J iJ £?r*i' l b * 6:35 - 7:48 - #9:3 *■ m ' : San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
*1Z:2O, 2:20, •3:45, a:0o p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays __ _ ... ~'~'.
3^^:^|UJ?6:OO. m:55 a. n,.: j l^ SAN FRANCISCO AND SA» JOAQUiI
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. 1 ALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. From Nov. 10, li>^, inuaa will run as follows:
WEEK DAYB— S:4S, 6:«, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.; - ■ -f -^ — — —
12:35,2:45.3:50.6:20 p. m. South-bound. North-bound.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays I *r ; '
and Saturdays at 7:00 p.m. I Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20. 1:20. ! Ker. j Sunday . ■ Sunday ger.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ! 1 Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
THROUGH TRAINS. 1 1 •
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. i «:20am. 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm 6:6opm
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way 10:10 ami 2:03 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:o3pm
stations. 11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
8:00 a.' m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a. , 12:38pm 7:45 pm Hanfurd 7:43 am 1:35 pm
— — ; j 3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:35 am
HfiilNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY* - Stopping at intermediate points as required.
■UUH lAflUtUHld OuCnlU naiLl?Al« Btopping at intermediate points as required.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday, California Navigation and Improvement Com-
Sept. 11, 1898: . pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. j dally. -.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. i For stage . connections see official time tabU
THOB. COOK & SON, Agents, 821 Market or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 331 Mar*
I atreet, San Francisco. 1 ket street, Ban Francisco. ____x.---— I ,IS SUICIDE EPIDEMIC AMONG WOMEN?
Four Attempts at Self-Destruction, Due to Melancholia,
Within the Past Month.
Miss Dur/'e Heithier, an 18-year-old
schoolgirl, shot herself i\the left breast
on November 16, and is still hovering
between life and death. The desertion
of her betrayer, George Alexander, im
pelled her to seek her life.
WITHIN a month four women, the oldest barely 30 years old and the youngest a mere schoolgirl in her teens, have at
tempted self-destruction. Two of them succeeded, while the others are still in a precarious condition with death and life
fighting for supremacy. Morbidness was the impelling cause in each instance, and the record is considered to speak any
thing but favorably for the mental condition of the young women of to-day. It is thought some method should be devised at
once to overcome this increasing tendency to mental depression, and the beginning ought to be made at home. By some it is
considered possible that the much vaunted freedom of the American girl has much to do with bringing about this melancholia,
and that more restriction and more careful training is necessary. Indiscriminate reading, excessive study, and above all unrestricted
freedom of movements, it is contended, are calculated to develop an abnormal mental condition in the young which mothers would
do well to correct.
MOONDYNE II
WINS ANOTHER
ALL-AGE RACE
Mayflower Carries Off
Consolation Coin.
SHORTENDERS HAVE A DAY
LARGE CROWDS VIEW THE
SPORT AT INGLESIDE.
Choice Entries Will Be Made for the
Thanksgiving Meet on Thurs
day Afternoon — The Draw
Occurs £ uesday.
An immens" crowd witnessed the cours
ing at Ingleside yesterday. The specta
tors were rewarded for their attendance
by witnessing good sport, and the frater
i nity had a chance to pull down money on
come of the events. Short-enders were
many in the first part of the game and
tome good dogs failed to demonstrate that
they ere worth the money played on
them as favorite*. • Willful beat Las
Palmas with odds at 2 to 1; Rose of Tra
lee proved a winner over Mlalmo notwith
standing, that Mialmo was a 5 to 2 favor
ite. In the second round Rose of Tralee
and Glen Rosa were billed to chase the
same hare. The former's success in the
rirst round induced the bettors to make
her a 2 to 1 favorite, but she fell short of
• xpectations and was defeated by a score
of 2V2 to 0. • .
Promise Me was picked to win the first
course of the all-age stake and the short
aiders were playing a S to 1 shot, but Glen
Roy beat her four points In the course and
In turn met defeat at the hands of Forget
i-i the second round. The highest success-
Mi odds of the day were in th c course
i -tween Hadiwist and Fox Kenny, in
■"hfch the latter cot the decision. The
< .Ids were 6 to l.
Mayflowerwon first money in the consol
j;tion stake. In the filial she was pitted
r: g-ainst Royal Prize, after having fought
her way down the line against Lady Jane,
White Diamond and Glenrosa. In the
iime stake Willful and Pat Malloy ran
three courses before a decision could be
given by Judge Grace. In the first course
willful lost the hare and dashed off in
ah opposite direction and in the second
at Malloy killed too quick, while Willful
showed the speed. The third course re
sulted in a score of 10 to 5 in favor of
Pat Malloy.
The best course of of the day was be
•ween Flyaway and Brilliantlne and last
ed over three minutes. The score was 15
to 13. When Flyaway went to the slips
with Moondyne II for the final of the
stake, this severe course told upon him
and he had no chance for the top prize.
In the last course of the fourth round he
ran a ye with Lawrence and proved him-
Bell to be too slow for the clever Law
rence.
A great coursing meet will occur on
Thursday, November 24. It will be an
open stake event, with an entrance fee of
I' Hr }' ] I he .£2i r !f l! wl » be limited in num
ber 08. The drawing will take place on
Tuesday evening. Th- public may expect
• I Srtlcipate ! ng as th ° best blood alone will
Following were yesterday's results:
Consolation Stake— p. j. r; Kenna's ' j,.«.
Moore beat F. Fuley'H --vinVc F Mora"' l
Royal Prize beat H. Mr-Neil's SnortZr,
Henry Springs Willful beat Penel^KeSete'
Las Palmas; Henry Spring's Pat Malloy beat
O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Jean Beraud; John Easan*s
Mayflower beat Captain Clarkson's Lady t«n«°
Nafly & Morley's White Diamond Hal I'
Robtnet's Montana; T. J. Crnnln's Roue of
Tralee beat J. Dean's Mlalmo; Dillon & Reiiiv'a
Olenrosa beat G. Smart's Sllkwood.
Second round— Prize beat Jesse Moore-
Tat Malloy beat Willful; Mayflower beat White
Diamond; Glenrosa beat Rose of Tralee.
Third round— Royal Prize beat Pat Malloy
Mayflower beat Glenroga.
Final— Mayflower beat Royal Prize.
All-Age Stake— H. A. Deckleman's Glen Roy
heat ■ Nell & Hanrahan's Promise Me; H. R.
Baldwin's Forget beat G. Roddy's Bernelce-
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell beat Eclipse
Kennels' Innisfallen; P. J. G. Kenna's Law
rence beat John Eagan's Billy Gladstone; A.
Johnson's Llssak beat Lowe & Thompson's
Phoebe: P. J. G. Henna's Flyaway beat R.
C Shea's Mickey; J. Dean's Brilliantine beat A.
Van den Burgh's American Eagle; J. Dean's
Moondyne II beat D. Hooper's Ben<3alon#;
Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady beat J.
Shea's Young America; P. J. G. Kenna's Fox
Kenny beat A. Massey'B Hadiwist.
Second round— Forget beat Glen Roy; Liberty
Bell beat Lawrence; Flyaway beat Lissak;
Brilliantine beat High Born Lady; Moondyne II
beat Fox Kenny.
Third round— beat Liberty Bell; Fly
away beat Brilliantine; Moondyne II ran a
bye.
Fourth round— Moondyne beat Forget; Fly
away ran a bye.
Final— Moondyne beat Flyaway.
MOUNTAIN BEAUTY WON.
She Handily Defeated Her Company
at the Union Coursing Park.
Mountain Beauty captured the open |
stake at the Union Park yesterday, and
Golden Rußset was the runner-up in the
itm« event. The talent had selected False
Flatterer to do the trick, but he was
Mrs. Cefia Bode, 27 years of age,
swallowed a quantity of carbolic acid
on November 17, which proved fatal.
Mrs. Bode recently learned that her
husband had deserted her, and since
that time she had been most despondent.
beaten badly by Vigilant In the fourth
round. The latter dog ran some excellent
courses all day. but as the sun went down
his sisrht became more defective and he
was retired from the lists In the fifth, be
ing defeated by Golden Russet at good
short-end odds.
The results of the day were as follows:
Open stake, second round— T. Butlor's Susie
beat Yosemite Kennels' Lamplighter: Eclipse ]
Kennels' Ornsspatch beat F. Mnran's Flying ',
Faster: Yogemlte Kennels' Beauty Spot beat ;
G. Shannon's Oleln: F. Moran'a Golden Russet
beat J. Monkhoupe's Breach of Bromine;
Euchre Kennels' Left Bower beat M. Nealon's
Van Knapp; F. Mnran'p False Flatteror beat
G. & H. Kennels' Dempsay Lass; I>. ('mnin's
Swlnnerton beat J. Se^Kerson's Gold Hill; E.
& E. Kennels' Vigilant beat J. J. Edraond's !
Morning Glory; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minne- :
apolis beat J. Se^gerpon's White <"hiet: A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat J. McCor
mick's Woodbine: J. MeOormlck'a White Lily
b-at E. G Polrier's Newsboy: M. Herzng-'s
Little Delight beat T. Sharmans Wait a Lit
tle; E. & R. Scott's Lcrr] Byron beat T. J.
Cronln'l Arab; MeCuliough & I^ondon's Masr
nPtn beat Rincon Kpnnels' Ski: Curtis & Son's
McKinlejr beat A. Johnson's Tnd B
Third round— Susie beat Crosspatoh; Golden !
Russet beat Beauty Spot; False Flatterer beat I
Left Bower; Vigilant beat Pwinnerton; Moun
tain Beauty beat Minneapolis: \Vh!!» I.ily beat j
Little Delintht: Lord Byron beat Magneto: Me- |
Kinley beat Seldom.
Fourth round— Golden Ru°«et beat Susie: Vigi
lant beat False Flatterer; Mountain Beauty ;
b^at White Lily; Lord Byron beat McKinley.
Fifth round -Golden KussPt heat Vigilant; ,
Mountain Beauty beat Lord Byron.
Flr.al— Mountain Beauty beat Golden Russet.
Sapling Stake, second round— E. &E. Ken- J
BEATEN BY A LANDLORD.
Arthur Brown Dies From a Fractured Skull Received
hu a Blow From a Club.
ARTHUR F BROWN died last evening at his home, 2514 McAllister street,
from a blow on the head which he received Saturday night at the hands
of an unknown man. The weapon used was a club and Brown said be
fore he died that he had been hit while on Fourth street, but further than
this he did not explain. . "
The deceased was employed as a shipping clerk for the Albion Lumber
Company, and Saturday night, when he left his work, he received his week's
salary amounting to about $15. Sunday morning he returned home shortly be
fore 2 o'clock and told his wife, who met him at the door, that he had
been struck with a club somewhere on Fourth street. Mrs. Brown bathed
and dressed a wound on the left Hide of the head, and then the husband
went to bed. He groaned as if in great pain for some time and about 5
o'clock lost consciousness.
Dr. F. C. Muller was called in a couple of hours later and found that the
skull had been fractured and from the appearance of the wound he judged
that it had been made with a club or sandbag. Brown died at 7 o'clock without
regaining consciousness.
When Brown returned to his home yesterday morning he was accompanied
by a man name] Louis Webber. Instead of opening the door with a key he
rang the bell, which was answered by his wife. Webber stood at the foot of
the steps leading to the door, and as soon as he saw that the bell haQ been
answered he left without saying anything.
All the money Brown had was tS2O. He fumbled in his pockets and gave
two dollars to his wife, remarking to her that he should have more money than
that. A dollar and twenty rents was found in his pockets after he <\\p<\.
As he had been paid that evening it is possible that he was robbed, but his
friends are inclined to think that he spent the money before he was struck.
Mrs. Brown says that her husband was perfectly sober, though he seemed
dazed from the wound.
Brown was a native of California and was thirty-nine years of age. Be
sides the widow he leaves four children— two dovb and two girls. An aunt
of Mrs. Brown's, Mrs. E. Stratton, and her daughter, Mrs. Herbert Osborn,
whose husband was killed in the explosion at Pinole, have been living at
Brown's home.
Late last night the police arrested Webber, May Bennett and Albert Bier«
wirth, keeper of a lodging house at 821 Howard street. They are all held pend
ing a charge. The story they tell is this: Webber, Brown and the woman
were in a room together making a good deal of noise and Bierwlrth ordered
them out. They started to go when Brown called Bierwlrth a vile name. Bler
wirth went to his own room and came back with a policeman's club, with
which he beat Brown over the head until he was nearly insensible. Tben
Webfcer took him home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
Miss Grace Anette Olney, 23 years
old. living in Oakland, was found in a
lodging house November 19 suffering
from the effects of morphine, telf
administered. Prompt action saved her
lift. "Tired of living" was her reason.
nels' Typhoon beat J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste;
\ & B. Kennels' Rock Island King beat S.
& H. Kennels' Geraldine; A. & B. Kennels'
Miss Richmond beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara;
A. & B. Kennels' Mies Rabbit beat R. E. de B.
I/opez's Maodougall.
Third round— Rock Island King beat Typhoon;
Sara beat Miss Rabbit.
Final— Rock Island Kirn? beat Sara.
KITTY SCOTT WTNS.
She Takes First Money Under Ad
verse Conditions.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 20.—There were
between 3000 and 4000 people at Agricultu
ral Park this afternoon to witness the
coursing. Despite the windy weather,
many ladies were present. The sport was
good, though the clouds of dust that at
times filled the air interfered materially
with the view. Kitty Scott won first
money, Queen Keep second. Lassie Hays
third, Nashville fourth. The balance was
divided.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln ets. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater alrect from ocean.
Success of the Gamosse Kids.
An interesting game of baseball was
played at Golden Gate Park yesterday
afternoon between the Gamosse Kids and
the Heesmans. The playing was grood.
the Gamosse Kids winning by a score of
12 to 8.
Mrs. Mamie Miller, 30 years of age,
jumped from a window in a toilet room
on the ferry boat Piedmont on October
23, her body being found in the bay two
days later. She was thought to be in
sane.
SHOOTERS SHOT FOR
NICE FAT TURKEYS
A LIVELY DAY AT THE SCHTJET
ZEN RANGES.
Birds Enough and to Spare for All
the Marksmen Who
Came.
The largest crowd of the present season
was present yesterday at the Schuetzen
Park shooting stands. The unusually
good attendance was due to the prize tur
key shoots held by three clubs, the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club, the San Francisco
Turner Schuetzens and the Verein Eln
tracht Shooting Section. The California
Club and the Turners also held bullseye
shoots.
In the bullseye shoot of the alifornla
Club P. Brunette carried off championship
honors with a score of 232. The scores In
detail follow:
P. Brunette, 232; J. Jones, 255; A. N. Boyen,
M O. Burmeister, 2?9: F. Acker, 291; Captain
V. Attinger. 2*:,; F. Schumann. 332; C. Meyer,
(88; U BVndPl. 403; r>. B. Faktor. 437; F. A.
Kuhls, 442; John I'tschig Sr, 542; j. F. Robin
son, S7S; H. Knge. r,9S; A. Utachig, 643; J.
Ftraub, 644; Jnhn T'tschig Jr., 668; R. Langer,
667; D. W. McLauphlln. 690: A. Strocker. 691;
G. Riachmuller. 743; N. Ahrenu, 746; F. P.
Schuster, 776; A. Rohwyler. 805; O. Bremer, 877.
O. Burmeister won the laurels In the
Turner bullseye contest, scoring 285 points.
Following was the complete scoring list:
O. Burmeister, 285; J. Dtaohlg Sr., 643; A.
Utschtg, 6SI; Captain Attinger. 813; R. Fink
ing. Hoi; C. Sagehorn, 1126; C. Nielsen, 1176; R.
Langer. 1189: Lieutenant Straub, 1252; C. Eging,
1432: H. Enge. ir.24.
Ben Jonas scored 356 and F. Krueckel 218 in
the Turner Drum Corps shoot.
In the Verein Eintracht prize shoot for
turkeys, the system pursued was for the
whole body of marksmen to t%ke one shot
apiece, the person making the highest
score dropping out, when the remainder
would pop away at the target again. Cap
tain F. H. Kuhls led, the others coming
In the following Order:
F. H. Kuhls. M. Dieckert, L. Schmidt, J.
Rueehert, R. Spahr, F. C. Hagerup, C. Miller,
H. Gumbe!, R. Stettin, C. Aver, J. Hartmen,
A. Wirtner. H. Schweige, C. Gurnbel, H.
Bchroeder, Yon Hart Ing, J. Zahn.
Good marksmanship cut a large figure
In the turkey shoot of the San Francisco
Turner Schuetzen, for every man got a
turkey that shot, but its weight depended
upon the number of points scored, ten
pounds In ing: the lightest. J. Utschlg Sr.
took the heaviest prize, with the excep
tionally good score of 70 out of 75 rings.
The others won prizes in the following or
der:
C. Eg-inK, 64: Phllo Jacoby, 63; W. Glinde
mann. S3; Charles Sagehorn, 61; Gassner, £>9;
H. I,anger, 56; D. Brune. D 4; H. Enge, 54- H
Stettin, 53; Captain Attinsrer, 52.
Six men made scores sufficiently high to
entitle them to fifteen-pounders In the tur
key shoot of the California Schuetzen
Club. A Strecker, "the tall sycamore of
Po.st street," scored 70 out of 75 rlngp,
equaling the performance of J. Utschig
Sr., in the Turner contest. The next high
est scores were as follows:
J. Wollmer. 63; P. Brunette, 68; R. Lander
6S; F. P. Schuster, 67; J. F. Robfnson. 67: J.:hn
i;tschlg Sr.. 6fi; F. E. Mason, 65; H. Stettin
63; John i'tsehig Jr., 63.
In audition to the prize contests of the
other clubs, Fred Schumann, proprietor of
the park, gave a special shoot and a bowl-
Ing contest for turkeys, both open to all,
only one shot apiece allowed in the shoot
and only scores of 25 and 24 counting. A
large number participated in both events
and the cracking of the rifles meant death
to many a gobbler.
TARGETS WERE DESERTED.
There Was No Shooting at the Shell
Mound Ranges Yesterday.
The targets at Shell Mound yesterday
were deserted, although the day was an
ideal one for shooting. The San Francisco
Bchuetzen Club, Swiss Rifle Club and
Company A of the Fifth wpre .scheduled
to phoot, but none of the members put in
an appearance. A solitary marksman
peppered away at his own sweet will.
Captain Siebe states that next Sunday
there will be plenty of shooting. The San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein and German
Schuetzen Club will have a bullseye shoot;
the Norddeutscher Club, Red Men's Shoot
ing section and the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club, a medal shoot, and Company
A of the Fifth class shooting.
THANKSGIVING SERVICE.
Junior Order of American Mechanics
Addressed by Rev. John
Downie.
The annual Thanksgiving: services of the
Junior Order of American Mechanics was
held last night in the First Baptist
Church. Rev. John Downie delivered the
sermon. The main body of the church
was filled with representatives of the or
der from the following councils: Abraham
Lincoln, TT. S. Grant, Starr King. Qar
fleld and Alexander Hamilton. The Mar- |
tha Washington and California councils of ;
the Daughters of Liberty also united with
the Junior Order of American Mechanics
In participating in the services, and many !
representatives from these two councils !
were present. _
Prior to the sermon John W. Rogers of
U. S. Grant Council, in the absence of S. ;
Joseph Tyson, delivered a brief ad- I
dress upon the "origin and pur- ,
poses of the order. His remarks were
forcible and to the point. He declared
that the Junior Order of American Mo- ,
ohanics is to-day one of the noblest and
grandest in this country, standing for the
best interests of America, the truest
principles of citizenship and the integrlty
of our National Government.
Rev. Mr. Downie chose as his text the
thirty-fourth verse of the fourteenth.
chapter of Proverbs— "Righteousness ex
alteth a nation; but sin is a reproach to
any people."
Beginning with the reign of Solomon,
■whom he characterized as the greatest
ruler of the world, the speaker Illustrat
ed how the supremest monarchs of the
earth had flourished lor a while in tem
poral greatness, but how finally all of the
ungodly had come to shame and ruin.
Along these lines he cited, the dangers
that menaced this Government and how
they were to be met and overcome by the
noble and good men of this country. The
preacher then said that it was such or
ders as the. Junior American Mechanics
that would be the salvation of the coun
try. The principles of the order and the
laws that govern the order were, he said,
the principles and laws that God meant
man to live for and adopt. This order has
done much for the good of the country,
it will do much in the future and its
growth will l»e substantial and sure, for
it rests on a foundation of virtue, liberty
and patriotism that cannot be over
thrown.
THANKSGIVING DINNER.
C. S. Laumeister Gives His Help an
Enjoyable Entertainment.
C. S. Laumeister entertained all of his
employes at a sumptuous dinner in
Frank's restaurant on Fine street yester
day evening. The affair had neither
social nor political significance attached
to it. It was purely a feast given by a
grateful employer to faithful employee
Who have served his Interest in their var
ious capacities during the past year. Some
of them have been In his service for tha
paat twenty years. It has been custo
mary with Laumeister to entertain his
employes in some way on Thanksgiving
day. The following are the names of those
who were present: E. R. Patterson
(bookkeeper), Miss Code (stenographer),
11. Levy (salesman*, Charles Hughes,
Anton Lme, Miles D'Arcy, James Roach,
James Hopkins, A. Cunningham, B.
Pope, Daniel Day, F. Lorenzo, H. Ells
worth, W. Gulnan, J. Sullivan, Mrs.
Spurr, Harry Foley, Walter Laumeister,
H. Barman, B. H. Wolfe and James Coo
gan.
Those of the employes who are blessed
with wives were accompanied by them.
THEIR EFFORT A SUCCESS.
Creditable Entertainment Given by
the Boys of the French Church.
Under the auspices of the Sodality of
St. Aloysius an interesting and enjoyable
entertainment was given in the basement
of the French Church yesterday after
noon. A well arranged programme of both
literary and musical selections was ren
dered by the members of the sodality.
The little hall was crowded to Its capac
ity wit., interested people from all sec
tions of the city who manifested their
appreciation of the effort made by liberal
applause.
Those who had charge of the affair
were Rene Dumontelle, Patrick Donahue
and Camille Lahanler. To these members
belong the praise of having made tho
entertainment a success. They chose the
talented members who participated in the
programme.
. A feature of the entertainment was the
instrumental music furnished by the so
dality orchestra under the direction of the
Rev. Father Dubois. Many individual
selections were rendered, which met with
great applause.
■ » ■
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's,
553 Market. Country order" solicited. •
Shooting at Harbor View.
The Swiss Rifle Club held a bullseye
contest at the Harbor View shooting
range yesterday afternoon before a large
audience of sportsmen from many of the
local clubs.
The result of the medal shooting Is as
follows:
J. Itachman 395, O. R, Hauser 385, A, Huder
880; Fr. Sutter 319.
Those who took the bullseyes are:
F. Baumgartner, first; Fr. Sutter, second ;
A. Gehret. third; A. Fetz, fourth; A. Monotti,
fifth; A. Huder, sixth; A. Chrlstin, seventh;
G. R. Haußer, eighth; A. C. Huguenln, ninth;
Jud Leeman, tenth; A. Van Wyll, eleventh;
James Schetbli, twelfth. In turkey shooting
G. R. Hauser made the top score of 74 out of
a possible 75. »
■ ♦ ■
Bound reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by ;
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night. ;
HOTEJL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Q A Hoffman, Sacto I Mrs C X Llpman, Cal
E B Edson, Gazelle 'W D Buckley & w, Cal
C G Rtppey. Ukiah E Seewell, S Rosa
C R Gould & w, Cal Mrs E Seawell, Cal
T E Keating, Cal J W Bowen, L Ang
H Perm, Sacto H Pennington. Sacto
8 F Rose, U S N Mrs Q W McMullen,
Miss M Dixon, Sacto Inglenook
R Ravenscroft, Cal JF L. Martin, U S V
Q W Blake, Oakland ! R M Green, Orovllle
F F Smith, Sacto jA C Krura, Oroville
S 8 Myers, Cai IH G Mplvln, Sacto
0 C Gordon Pa iS C Cornell & w, Cal
J F Leonard, Oroville [Mrs A L Taylor, Nay
E McKinley, Nev City Mrs O E P.tillnian, Cal
L H Milt. m, I'tah Mrs R A Stillman & %
H Simons. lowa Hill c. Ukiah
J W Dunlap, Cal Mrs W E Gorber, Cal
W W Johnson, S Jose Misses Gerber, Cai
H G Panting. Auburn S Alexander, Cal
T J Mlkel, Auburn IM P Morgans. Angus
A T Lowenthal & w, i W O Meyers, Angus
Cal T Clarke. Placervilla
P H Dawson & w, Or, A C Morrison, Cal
E Miller. Stockton G M Clarke. Cal
F M Chlttenden. Cal \V R Monahan, Cal
R H Barclay. Utah P S Logans, Auburn
J M I T.iln, Utah I Mrs Davis. Colusa
S H Allison &w, Cal Miss A Davis, Colusa
W D Long. Nev City J A Keene, Ohio
1 C Boggs, Newcastle C A Jackson, Seattle
C Rlppcy, Ukiah . R Rowlands, Cal
E Mallons, Cal 'R D Mason. Cal
E B Knot, L Ang !G G Brooks. Colusa
II D Shackelford & w, R S Row, Flaoerville
Ohio S Conrath, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F M Kraus, St Louis |C R Sateer, St Helena
S S Porter, Utah | G Barney. Denver
G Edwards &w. Cal J H Martin, L Ang
Mi«s F Montague. N TG Meyer. Antloch
Mm M C Price. NY J Cain. Newman
W J Barrett, I'tah (J( J G Thompson, Cal
D E Osborn, St Helena !B W Dawson, Oakdale
H B Hampton. Utah |N D Bolton, Seattle
L D Moroney, L Ang J C Towle. Seattle
W Rix. Alameda D D Hill. Portland
F R Devlin, Vallejo 0 U Canter, Portland
\V R Jolinaon Ft Point L B Davis, Denver
P L Dow, S Jose JJ N Claredoren, Colo
E L Kripp. Sacto BC <'antelman, Detroit
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Bennett, Oakdale i G Johnson, B C
Vde la Cruz, S Rosa F J Schule &f. Cal
J Mulrny, 8 T^'-'O F. A White, Alaska
J A King, Ogde- C E Halbaoh, Chicago
J J Connolley, Fresno A Goodman, Sonoma
D M Root. N Bedford P L Jackson, N V
J McNalley, Chicago W Barnes, Nev
P F Mfirgan. Fresno Mrs F Scott. Ogden
J MrStt'eeney, Visalia J D Rose, Vallejo
D Hnnaen, S Jose ! M Smith, Stockton
F Ml!e», L Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
J H McNulty. Chicago R B Flthlan & w. Cal
G C Hunter, NY MS Cogging, Pa
J B Quigley, Sacto M E Wooster. L Ang
F C Sanford. 8 Jose H A Porterneld, Pa
J F I>anagan, Stanford E P Smith, Salt Lake
F J Ooleman. Conn W G Blatt. iJetrolt
W Blanchard, China E C Voorheis, Sutter
C L Addison & w, N V J T Davis, Jackson
W L Clause & w, Pa IS Postley, N V
M Bauman & w, N V |
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pariflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 20, IS9S.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with th->ae of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.44 G. 14 6.68
Red Hluff CM 1.49 8.79
Sacramento 0.00 l.iO 3.36
Ban Francisco 0.12 2.2S 9.19
Fresno 0.34 1.52 1.23
San J,uis Oblspo 0.08 0.74 0.88
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0.04 0.11 1.07
Turns CM 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum temperature, 44; mean, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm which was central last night In
Southern Nevada and Utah has moved south
east Into Arizona and New Mexico. Rain fell
last night in portions of California and snow
In the plateaus of Nevada, Utah and Northern,
Arizona. The storm has been followed by a
seven- cold wave in Nevada, Utah and North
ern Arizona. The temperature is already be
low freezing throughout this region and will
fall about 10 degrees to-night. Killing frosts
with temperatures about freezing are expected
in the greater portion of California to-night.
Warnings of the frost were distributed this
morning and last night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Nov. 21, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday; killing
frost to-night in southeast portion, Monday
night also; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; killing
frost Monday night and where wind ceasf-s to
night brisk "north wind diminishing In force.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arlr.ona— Fair Monday; killing frosts Monday
night and where wind ceases tc-night.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Mon
day; fre.h northwt wind. HAMMQN
Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
AyA v branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange,. Is
maintained in San Francisco far the benefit of
mar'.nert without regard to nationality and
free of expense. »_, ■'• -- '• ' •
Navlgtlors are cordially invited to visi* the
Pirtce, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world »re kept on hand
for comparison and reference, ana. the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all. matters
of interest to ocean- commerce. ' : « •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot .of MarTcet Street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian." by telegraphic signal -re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, .Cal. V
A notice stating. whether J he ba.ll was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following- day.
. - — W. -S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. B. . N., in charge.
PUN. MQON -AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and H<MgrWs of High' and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front ■ (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort- Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21
Sun rls}*s ........,... r . r6:57r 6:57
Sun sets * :ao
Moon sets 0:13 a. m.
0 Time I Time Time I Time
P Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
Fhw l, w hw |l w
JT7.. 6:14 8.2 U:li 2.2 6:01 4.3 1
t, W H W L W ]H W
!22 ... 0:09 1.1 6:66 8.4 1:19 1.5 7:23 4.2
23 ... 1:01 1.6 7:37 5.5 2.10 0:9 8:36 4.3
24 ... 1:47 2.0 i 8:16 5.7 2:59 0.3 9:38! 4.8
25 ... 2:30| 2.4; S:s4| 5.9 3:46;— 0.2 10:38! 4.3
26... 8:11 2.S 9:30 6.0 4:31|— 0.6 11:32 i 4.3
27... 3:CO' 2.91 10:04 6.9| 5:13J — 0.8 |
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the earjy morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
flven are additions to the soundings on the
rnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus elgn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the dppth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STKAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
ISeattle |Nov. 21
i^an Diego (Nov. 21
-hilkat Humboldt Nov. 21
[Vashtenaw Tacoma Nov. 21
S'avarro Yaquina Bay Nov. 21
r-oiumhta Portland Nov. 22
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 22
Empire Cooa Bay Nov. 22
-optic China and Japan Nov. 22
llomer.-. Coos Bay |Nov. 22
Drlzaba Newport !Nov. 23
IValla Walla.... Victoria & Ptiget Sound|Nov. 23
Mackinaw Tacoma i Nov. 23
Pomona IHumboldt Nov. 23
;iarn |Nanalmo Nov. 24
Nov. 25
?Rnta Rooa |San IMegro Nov. 25
Worth Fork Humboldf [Nov. 25
"levplanfl IPiiKet Sound INov. 25
'oos Bay I Newport jNov. 27
\rcata Cooa Bay Nov. 27
~>eo W. Elder.. Portland ; Nov. 28
L'matllla Vl''t rln ft Puget Sound Nov. 2S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
G W Elder; Portland Nov. 21. 10 am, Pier 2*
Coos Bay... (Newport Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 11
C Nelson.. 'Puget Sound. 'Nov. 21. 10 am, Pier 2
Signal Grays HarborlNov. 21. 4 pm.Pier 27
Queen I Vic & Fgt Sd. iNov. 22, 10 amjPter »
Chilkat iHumboldt .... Nov. 22, 2 pm' Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 22. 10 am Pier 13
Weeott jYaquina Bay. Nov. 22, 10 am;Pier 13
Corona 'Pan Diego Nov. 23, 11 am Pier 11
Shantung .. 'China & Japan 'Nov. 23. 1 pm'PMSS
Columbia ..Portland 'Nov. 24, 10 am ( Pier 24
Orlr.aba ..INewpOTl |Nov. 25, 9 ami Pier 11
State of Cnl P -rtland Nov.17, 10 am] Pier 24
Bar.ta Rosa. San Pipgo (Nov. 27, 11 anvPier 11
Walla WalljVlC & Pgt Sd. Nov. 27, 10 amiPier 9
City Sy<1ney!Panama I Nov. 28, 12 mlPMSS
Cleveland .'Puget Sounfl.. Nov. 23 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 20.
Stmr Ruth. Strand, 47 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 84 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland, direct. . ■
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 65 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, 40 hour* from
Pan Pedro. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from Moss
Landing. _ _ .
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs, 60 hours from San Pedro.
Bktn Gardiner City, Falmgren, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Bktn Wrestler, Nielson, 9 days from Port
Ludlow.
Bktn Eureka, PoulFen. 8 days from Tacoma.
Echr C A Thayer, Lundqutst, 7V4 days from
Grays Harbor. • •
Bear Dauntless, Smith, 7>4 days from Grays
Harbor. _
Bchr Neptune, Estvold, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 20.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Portland.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Elihu Thompson. Smith.
Stmr Newburg, Hanseh.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bo wens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Nov. 20. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CLALLAM BAY— bay Nov 20— Br ship
Combermere, from Taconaa for U K.
Sailed Nov 20— ship Euterpe, for Adelaide. j
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov Stmr Al-Ki. fm
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nor 19— Str
Alcazar, from Bowens Landing.
REDONDO— Nov 19— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Laguna,
from Eureka; schr Glen, from Coos Bay; -schr
Wm Renton, from Tacoma. 20— Tug Hercules,
hence Nov IT. with barge. __
USAL— Nov 20— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco. m Nov 20— Stmr Co-
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Co
auille River, hence Nov 19. '■
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 20— Stmr Chllkat, for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Portland.
Arrived Nov 20— Bktn Geo C Perkins, from
SEATTLE— -Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Progreso,
for San Francisco. - ' ..
PORT TO WNSEND— Passed out Nov IS— i
Schr Nokomis. for San Pedro. i
SAN PEDRO— Nov 20— Schrs Glendale
and Peerless, for Tacoma. 
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr State of j
A young lady in New York City relates the curious case of het'sfster
who suffered from a sort of nervous dyspepsia — was what the doc-
tor called it. She was despondent low-spirited, inclined to imagine all
sorts of things. One thing especially seemed to be in her mind ; that
was the idea that abscesses were forming in different parts of her body.
The sister who tells the story had found Ripans Tabules a specific for
headache, and generally had a supply on hand. One day, more in
joke than in earnest, she said to the afflicted one : Try these
they'll cure you." Well, she did try them, and strangely enough the
: Tabules did cure her. The despondency left her. This was nearly
a year ago. She took less than a dollar's worth in aIL and has oat
bikta one for over eieht months nov.
ft
California, hence Nov IS; Br thlp Matterhorn.
hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
TRANSATLANTIC BTEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov . 20— Ptmr Etro
ria. from Liverpool for New York, dft«jned by
fog in channel. X
HAVRK— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Le Qascogne,
from New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Nov 20— Stmr Munchen, fnV
Baltimore for Bremen; stmr Nordland. from
Antwerp for New York: stmr Oldenburg, from
New York for Bremen.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
. ; - , . ■; " ,', ,—I.AT— — ' ■ * -
MADIGAN & McG-0 WAN'S LI VERT STABLE,
1123 MISSION STREET. . .
MONDAY -..NOVEMBER 21. IS9B.
; At 11 a. m.;' we wllf* sell, -on 'account of disso-
lution of copartnership, the: entire stock used
In therr livery, hay and grain business, con-
sisting of ! horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOTE? Livestock Auctioneer*.
Office— Sixth st. ■■ ■> ' ' - -
ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.
824 GOLDEN GATE AYE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
—— — — — — —^— i
■/^%, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
i MtJI 625 KKABSY ST. Established
' i 6 *fr^^a In 1834 for the treatment of private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABXTKT. Established
In 1884 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I 5 lffiS«XPl disease wearing oubodyand mind and
Si fflSffl «ra Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
54at4 33CS»j Carfisnnrantfrd. Call or writ*.
Sir. J. V. WiBBQBi. Box 1957. San .Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
" Steamers leave : Broadway
HJW.^ wharf, San Francisco:
KBS*!k&H For Alaskan ports, 10 a., m..
V^SK^St^ Nov. 2. 7, 12, 17, 2J. 27. Dec. 3.
LlKrSa transfer at Seattle. '
DE^9| «l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
rSrJTvffSi C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
*^^filMI Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
1 and New Whatoom (Wash.),^lo
a XT\ ■ NOV. 2, 7, IZ, 17» *Zf •••#
* » a *t*oty fifth day thereafter, trans-
thereafter. _ • Monterey, San Simeon,
For S^^^a'rford (San Luis Oblspo),
Cayucos, Port Ha«ow ll V entura. Hueneme.
X i^.Y 'y* R. r? » §»' M nSJ"i. S
m For b further Information obtain folder. -
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
: "fIOKITOmOE^ New Montgomery
Bt GOODALL Ce pERKINS & CO.. Gen, Agts..
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA D C $12 First Class Including Berths
lAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 8; 12, 21, 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15, 24. Dec. 1.
State of .California sails Nov. 9, 18, 27, Dec. 8.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
830 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnis Generals Transatlantique.
r 9 - (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS r^ptr
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <C£tT^
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. North " a " Ha »
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE ...Nov. 28
LA TOURAINE..... ..........Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
First-class to Havre $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction en round trip. Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, S Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
fSßWHtflit The vla Honolulu and
jtJiilltsallß via Honolulu and
•X*™ B Auckland for Sydney
y ™ _— -^ Wednesday, November
at^lT\ 30, at 10 p. m.
SJwfnSninJ S. 8. AUSTRALIA
QHCaiU3IU|/ g?ul9 for Honolulu
/nfTlß^niK Wednesday, December
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB 3TEAMERS.
• FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9-45 a m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P- m - and 8:30 p. m
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 4.
■ Telephone Main 150 S. _
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE .
Dally at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 1:80
p. m. .Steamer Alviso, Clay-street wharf. Fare
to San Jose. 36c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main 1350.
SirCailsl.soißrYear
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ALL ILLOGICAL
MAN WANTED
FOR MAYOR
Oakland Is Now Busy
With City Politics.
LEGACY OF LAST FREAK
TIME FOR REPUBLICANS TO RE
GAIN CONTROL.
Not Likely to Be Any Demand for a
Repetition of the Work of the
Committee of Twenty-
One, g
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 20.
Oakland is now casting about for an il
logical candidate for Mayor— illogical be
cause that is the usual method observed
lathis place. It is —jnerally conceded Lhat
Mayor Thomas will not seek a second
term. There have been worse Mayors
than Mr. Thomas, but he has expressed no
desire to succeed himself. There are many
names already submitted to people
—that is to say, they are "mentioned"—
presumably by some interest that would
have an ax to grind in the event of their
favorite's election.
Very few of the people of this city know
why certain men in the past twenty years
have been named. It is perhaps as well
they should not be enlightened, and the
remark is equally true and pertinent of
City Councils. Surprise is expressed when
the nominations are made that the choice
should have failen where It did, but there
being no alternative but few questions
were asked. Sometimes the ra'lroad, but
more often the water companies, worked
the whole scheme, and only in one in
stance in Oakland's history was the pro
gramme beaten. This was six years ago
when Dr. Pardee and the Non-Partisans
carried everything before them. One
t«rm of this was sufficient for Oakland,
and the "regulars" resumed control,
though in a new form.
Everybody admits that the logical can- |
didate is Auditor Snow— every man who
uthfully and intelligently served as
a public olrkial for ten years is a "logi
c;u" candidate for promotion except to i
those who are opposed to third and sue
ccssive terms, nut Mr. Snow was the
logical candidate two, tour and six years ,
ago, but was not taken up, and now he
is not any more logical than then. Two
Mr. Snow might have i.ad the
nomination had he expressed a desire lor
it but he declined it. The place may be ;
ottered him this time, but should he again I
decline the "logic" of his candidacy may
be considered at an end. There are men
•"mentioned" for the office who seem to
take a biennnlal pleasure in being put up
to be knocked down. They will be
knocked down as usual this year, and I
am inclined to think the next Mayor of
Oakland is not yet mentioned.
The next municipal government will de- i
pend on the methods to be adopted in
calling the Republican convention more
than on the Individuals who may be nom
inated it having become customary for |
Influence rather than personal worth to
prevail with the voters. Two years ago
something entirely new in nolitics was :
bed. A "committee of twenty-one
came into existence, claiming power from ,
the Republican City Central Committee
to name the delegates to a convention.
Just what this committee might have ac
complished had it oeen able to control
the convention cannot he prophesied, I v:
all Oakland knows the History ol the
city government given to it two years ago
by the ambitious committtee of twenty
oiie. The secrets brought to light by "the
Grand Jury of three hundred days, the
water rate scandals, the tinkering with
the tax levy and a host of other things of
recent date", represent the legacy to Oak
land of the committee's convention, and j
one such experience is enough for any i
community. No one uoubts now the part !
the water' companies took in naming the j
last city government, and there is no rea- ;
sun t'i'sunpose that they, with their in-;
creased friendliness, are any less anxious :
for cinch water rates than they were two
years ago.
At this time especially It would seem
to be the duty of the Republican party
to assert Itself in municipal politics. Per
sonal aggrandizement and a desire to be
a boss never tends toward good govern
ment either for a city or a nation. Oak- j
land has shown a strong desire to return
to straight party lines. It has just ex
pressed its confidence in the party, and
from a purely local point of view it would
appear to be good policy to do everything
possible to take advantage of the oppor
tunity now offering to Increase and unify
the party. Although severe disappoint- i
ment followed the failure of Oakland to
name the Governor, it soon disappeared, I
and at last night's ratification meeting ,
Dr. Pardee was one of the most jubilant
of those who were proud to be present.
The statement of Major McLaughlin that ;
T)r Pardee is the natural candidate of the
party at the next State convention should
not he forgotten by the Republicans. The
party in Oakland has wU.an the past two
weeks demonstrated Us loyalty to the
State and county tickets, and It is the
duty of the leaders to see that the city
elects a government that will materially
aid party progress during the next two
years.
Oakland is not alone in doing things that
are freakish. She has a rival in San Lean
dro This little town has recently proved
h.-r public spirit by subscribing liberally
to establish a large cannery, and is now
striving to bring a fruit-drying establish
ment into its midst. Yet the pretty place
across the bridge has not yet passed the
Ftage of lighting the town with oil lamps,
while many of her citizens revel in the
luxury of gas.
On this side of the bay very little sur- |
prise was expressed when it became I
known that old Horace W. Carpentier had i
bourne an ally of Dr. McDonald in the j
scheme to fleece the depositors of the Peo
ple'a Homf> and Pncific banks. Carpen- ]
tic-r's history la well known to the older
generation, although the younger element
s.-me-times wonders at the bitter feeling
that has been handed down in regard to
Carp^ntier and his associates. As a mat
ter of fact, one of the chief reasons why
bonds were not favored for the purchase
of Adams Point by the city a month ago
■w;is the antipathy still felt toward any
thing: that .has any connection with the
frauds of Carpentier and his associates
forty years ago. STUART W. BOOTH.
DRANK FOUR OUNCES
OF WHISKY AND DIED
FATAL THIBST OF A FOTJR
YEAB-OLD CHILD.
John Vierra Jr. of Pleasanton Found
a Jug in Which Death
Lurked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Whisky caused the deatn of the four
year-old son of John Vierra at Pleas
anton this afternoon. The child had been
playing; in the bedroom shortly before 3
o'clock, and there found a jug of the
liquor, from which it is supposed he
drank about four ounces.
The mother, sitting in another room,
heard the child fall quite heavily, and
surprised that no outcry followed hur
• ; to see what the little one was doing.
She found her baby lying on the floor un
conscious.
By his side stood the whisky jug, from
which about four ounces had been drunk.
Dr Hlrschiser was immediately sum
moned, but could do nothinsr for the child.
The little one remained unconsoious until
death came, about an hour after the fatal
doee had been quaffed. t
SIX-SHOOTER
STILL BUSY
IN OAKLAND
Manuel Davie the Lat
est Victim.
SHOT TWICE BY A FRIEND
REFUSED TO GIVE THE GUN
WIELDER MONEY.
Indulgence in Too Much Liquor Re
suite in a Brutal Attempt tc
Murder — Horatio Paul
in Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Manuel Davie was taken to the
Receiving Hospital to-night with a
bullet wound In his chest and an
! other In the left shoulder. His assailant.
: Horatio Paul, Is in the City Prison,
' charged with assault to murder. The
shooting occurred at tue corner of First
i avenue and Maple street, where both re
side.
Their stories as to the cause and time
;of the shooting vary greatly. According
to the injured man the affair occurred be
; tween 1 and 2 o'clock this afternoon. Da
' vie is a gardener and has of late worked
- at the Catholic Deaf and Dumb Asylum
at Fortieth street and Telegraph avenue.
' He is a Chilean, aged 33 years, and re
' sides in a cabin in the rear of Paul's
! premises. The story he tells is plausible
; and Is partially corroborated by Romeo
Figarara, who has a room at Paul's
house.
"I was out in the yard at about 1:30
; o'clock this afternoon when Paul, who
was drunk, asked me for a quarter. I
told him no, I had given him $1 last night
and he spent it for liquor, and he had
enough. 'I will fix you, then, you black
i ,> he said, and he went into his
i kitchen. When he came out again he
shot me twice and I fell. Paul then went
back into the house and I crawled into
mv cabin. Twice before Paul had threat
ened to shoot me while he was drunk.
When Figarara called on Davie about 7
o'clock to-night he found that nis in
: juries were serious and notified Officer
Keefe Davie and his assailant were
1 placed in the patrol wagon together.
' While the former lay groaning his as
sailant claimed that he (Davie) had
broken through his kitchen door some
time between 1 and 4 o'clock this morn-
I ing- that he had told him to go away, and
Davie refusing he shot him.
••You know that is not true, replied
the injured man. "It was this afternoon
a^iu"arara "states that he heard the shots
fired at about 5 o'clock this afternoon:
that he rushed out and prevented Paul
from firing a third shot. It is supposed
that all three were very much the worse
' for liquor, and after the shooting Figa
rara returned to his room immediately.
At the City Prison Paul became very
< talkative. lie is past 66 years of age and
seemed to be in the best of spirits and
: flirty joked about the affair at the outset.
This fellow rents from me and pays $1 50
per month for the cabin said Paul.
: •'Early this morning he broke in my kitch
en door and came in. I told him to get
' out and when he refused obstinately I
shot him twice. I have always treated
Davie better than I would my own broth
er When he was out of work I fed him.
I admit I got a dollar from him last night
but that was part of his rent due me. I
am a member of the California Pioneer
Society in San Francisco and I don know
whether they will repudiate me for get
ting this trouble. However, I will de
mand a jury trial and my attorneys are
°2SS Paused that he had visited
Davie in his cabin between 4 and oclock
this afternoon. "But," said he, Davie
i didn't recognize me. He knew he was
i shot, but said nothing about it. and I went
. The police are inclined to place more
! credence in Davids story, for Paul appears
too ready with answers to questions that
I are leading. _ , _, __
! At the Receiving Hospital Dr. J. M. Kane
. attended Davie's Injuries. Neither of the
: bullets could be found to-night. One took
i effect almost in the center of the breast
> and is believed to have ranged downward
'■ between the fifth and sixth ribs and lodg
; ed in the lower part of the lobe of the
< right lung. The other bullet took effect
i high up in the left shoulder, ranging to
1 ward the neck. At a late hour Davie was
; resting easy.
Funds for a New Church.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— An interesting
demonstration will be Riven to-morrow
night in the new hall just completed on
the ruins of the Sacred Ht art Church,
and the funds thus raised will go toward
building a new church edifice.
UNITARIANS DEDICATE A NEW CHURCH.
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— The new Unitarian Church, on the corner of Ban
croft way and >£>ana street was formally dedicated this afternoon. The
occasion brought over to the university town a large number of people
from the cities around the bay.
The new edifice, of unique design and artistic finish, was crowded to
overflowing long before the hour arrived for the service to begin/ In an
eloquent and impressive manner the Rev. Horatio D. Stebblns, D.D., of
San Francisco, pronounced the words which consecrated the building to the
service of God and humanity.
In appearance the unique structure presents a radical departure from
the conventional methods of church architecture. At no point is it higher
than thirty feet from the ground, being unusually broad in proportion to
the height. The outside is covered entirely with white cedar shingles and
set irregularly. A large circular window pierces the front, facing on Dana
street, the light coming principally from four windows of plain Gothic
type facing Bancroft way.
The interior is finished very artistically, the general effect being some
what dark and somber. Redwood boards fastened together with keys and
stained with burnt sienna line the auditorium to a height of eight feet.
Above that, including the celling, the whole is tinted with dark red. Over
head the beams are left rough and stained with a very dark green. Sup
porting the beams at their base are ship knees, also left rough and fitted
with keys. The main auditorium has a seating capacity of about 300; the
Sunday-school room adjoining 170.
The building has been several months in the course of construction,
owing to the difficulty of obtaining requisite materials. Its total cost is
about $5000, which the Berkeley congregation, with some assistance from the
East, has striven hard to cover.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
JOHN REDDY
TIE SMG
Some Other Ma.n Shot
Officer Keyes.
A MYSTERIOUS ASSAILANT
THE PRISONER'S STORY AS PUB
LISHED WAS TRUE.
i£e Was at the Haywards Hotel at
the Time the Midnight
Duel Was Taking
Place.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
The man who shot Charles Keyes, the
Alameda policeman, in this city shortly
after midnight yesterday, near Jefferson
Park, Is unknown and still at liberty.
The local police department, Detective
Denny Holland and Sheriff-elect Oscar
Rogers, also Marshal of the Encinal City,
are in absolute darkness as to the Iden
tity of the would-be murderer of Keyes.
That John P. Reddy, who was arrested
in San Jose yesterday and brought here,
is not the man was proved to-day beyond
a doubt.
According to the statement of Detective
Holland, made to-night. Reddy has es
tablished one of the clearest alibis that a
prisoner and suspect has ever been fortu
nate enough to make out.
"This man, John P. Reddy, is not the
man who shot Officer Keyes," said De
tective Holland. "Of that we are certain
beyond the slightest doubt. We regarded
Reddy's story as very plausible last night,
but to-day every doubt was removed, for
Marshal Rogers and myself took the pris
oner over the ground from here to Hay
wards, and we know that from there ha
boarded the train for San Jose yesterday
morning. In fact the conductor recog
nized Reddy when we came up with him
as having been a passenger on his morn
ing trip to the Garden City.
"We learned at San Leandro that Red
dy had been seen at Charles Peterson's
sporting house and saloon in that place
last Friday night at about 9:15 o'ciock.
Mr. Peterson immediately recognized
Reddy as a man who had several drinks
at his bar during t-e course of a half
hour last night. We next went to Hay
wards. There Reddy pointed out the
Haywards restaurant and hotel, where he
claims he had supper and a bed Friday
night. Reddy remained outside with
Rogers while I went into the place and
inquired. One of the proprietors, Manuel
Cardoza, positively identified Reddy as a
guest at his house Friday night. He said
Reddy arrived there about lv:30, asked for
supper and the cook prepared him a meal.
Later he was given a bed, and when Car
doza locked up for the night at about
11:30 Reddy was in bed and asked for a
drink of water. In the morning the pris
oner had breakfast, went to the train and
rode to San Jose.
"I had my misgivings last night about
Reddy being the right man but his alibi
is so "clear and not a link in the chain of
his Ftory is missing, so there is no doubt
about Reddy's innocence on this charge
at least. I have no longer any doubt that
Officer Keyes arrested the wrong man
early Saturday morning. But who can
this man be? Surely no innocent man
would resist arrest to the extent of tak
ing life find it is evident that the man
intended murder. I believe that the un
known assailant must be one of the most
desperate criminals that has struck this
part of the country."
Officer Keyes rested easy all day, and
hopes of hi's recovery are brighter to
night; but he is still too weak to make
any statement, and It will be several days
before he will be able to give any clear
account of the almost fatal duel. Reddy
will probably be taken to the Alameda
City Prison to-morrow to answer the
charge of criminal assault upon the young
Shattuck girl.
Officer Keys is reported to have struck
his prisoner" on the head with his hand
cuffs but Reddy's scalp shows no marks.
Of late numerous burglaries have been
committed, and on tho night Keyes was
shot two burglaries were reported. It is
now supposed that the man Keys arrested
was none else than a burglar.
Christ Church Celebration.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— The anniversary
celebration and harvest home was held
to-day at Christ Episcopal Church. The
church was decorated with grape vines
and pumpkins. Holy communion was eel'
ebrated at 8 o'clock In the morning. St.
Cecelia Choir of young: ladies furnishing
the music. The Sunday school had its an
nual festival at 10 a. m.. and at 11 o'clock
Rev William Kip preached. Bishop Nich
ols assisted by Rev. Herbert Dennis and
Rev. Henry B. Collier, conducted the
evening services and confirmed a class of
adults* A musical festival followed.
ONCE WEDDED TO AN ACTRESS.
Oakland's Exposition Manager, by Another
Name, Made History in Other Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Charles D. Gray, general manager of the California State Exposition of
Home Products, now being held in this city, has been the hero of at least
one romance. When the news traveled East that he was manager of the
local exposition It revived mauy memories among those who had known him
before.
One of his former acquaintances discovered that Charles D. Gray was
none other than the well-known theatrical man, Charles P. de Garmo.
In the New York Standard appears the following romance with Charles
P. de Garmo Gray as the chief actor.
To read of the statuesque Alma Stuart Stanley's recent comic opera triumphs In
London you would think her some new stage divinity who had suddenly burst Into
blossom. But if you are an "old-timer" and beginning to get a little shiny on the top
of the head you will recall her readily enough as a brief but dazzling sensation In
this town nearly fifteen years ago. The peerless Alma is no bud, but tolerably lull
When the English melodrama. "Youth," was first produced here and Alma strode
upon the stage In the Jaunty white flannels of a rakish young London swell, there was
a buzz of admiration that had swelled Into a chorus of adulation before the week was
over A more perfect goddess of a woman was never created than this elastic, buoy
ant six-footer of an English girl, aglow wifh health and vitality. She was Juno.
Diana and all the other mythological beauties rolled Into one. but altogether lacking
In magnetism and dramatic talent. But for six months at least the photographers
made her famous Not even the Maude Branscomb of that period or I orothy Usner.
the present holder of the photographic champion belt, were ever depicted in such an
amazing variety of artistic poses
Suddenly this stalwart, superb specimen of womankind, actuated by one of the
Inexplicable caprices of her sex, married a little sawed-off chap named Charles P. de
Garmo, who had won something of a reputation as a "hustler" while acting as a pro
irrarnmer for Haverly's minstrels. Nothing could be more grotesque than the physical
contrast afforded by this strangely assorted couple, and after her marriage the Alma
S*uart Stanley craze subsided as quickly as It began. The couple drifted out to Cali
fornia and led a checkered career which culminated with the bursting up of a farce
comedy with the insane title of "Palntin' 'Er Red." De Garmo hustled to no avail,
even This inVnirVd I device of arrest for daubing the Lotta fountain with bright-hued
vermilion failing to catch the attention of indifferent Pan Francisco.
Separation and divorce followed hetween "the long and short of It." as the couple
were professional^ known. The peerless Alma drifted hack to London, where she
formed more aristocratic connections, and after many vicissitudes haa loomed Into
commandlne prominence. The little hurtler. who has changed his name to Colonel
Charles de Garmo Gray, 1p managing an exposition to be given this month in Oak
land, "across the bay from Son Francfcco.
Manager C D Gray has issued a statement In which he says that his
company for promoting expositions and fairs has organized successful affairs
to tha order of "Governments, cities, Boards of Trade and Merchants' Ex
ohantre^' all over the globe, ft is known that while In South Africa Man
-ieer C D Gray -was acquainted with the Williams whose proposed marriage
to a wealthy San Francisco girl was stopped on the verge of the altar a few
weeks ago.
HONORS FOR A
BERKELEY BOY
ALLEN L CHICKERING Elected
National President of Delta
Kappa Epsilon.
BERKELEY. Nov. 20.— News reach
ed here Thursday by telegram that
Allen L. Chickering had been elected _
national president of the Delta Kap
pa Epsllon Fraternity, now In conven
tion in Detroit, Michigan. Chickering
Is a member of the fraternity's local
chapter of the University of Califor
nia, and it was as the California dele
gate that the honor of presidency was
conferred upon him. He is the son of
Attorney W. H. Chickering of San
Francisco. He graduated from the
University of California last May with
the class of '9S. and is 'now attending
the Law College at Harvard. The
office to which he has been elected is
one of the very highest honor, and re
flects most creditably upon himself
and the chapter which he represents.
MME. MONTAGUE LEAVES.
The Oakland Seeress Denies That She
Has Revived Divorce Proceed
ings Against Her Husband.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The friends of I
Mme. Florence Montague, the well-known i
lecturess of the Oakland Psychical So
ciety, assembled in force at the Oakland
mole yesterday to bid the lady godspeed.
Mate. Montague, whose health has been
broken down by the strain of a prolonged
course of psychometrical work, goes on a
long holiday to the East. Her many fol
lowers in Oakland and San Francisco re
gret the separation, but they admit that
it is inevitable. Madame's destination, in
the first place, Is Montreal, Canada, where
her husband. Mr. Yates, has secured an
Important position in connection with a
trans-Atlantic steamship company.
Just before her departure yesterday, Mme.
Montague explained that she was greatly
distressed at a report stating that she had
renewed divorce proceedings against her
husband. As a matter of fact the suit,
which was commenced three years ago, '
has long since been dropped, and the re- !
port doubtless had its origin through the i
completion of certain necessary legal
formalities in connection with the case.
Mme. Montague and her husband are on :
the most friendly terms, and out a year
ago, prior to his departure for Canada,
he spent several weeks at his wife's resi- :
dence on Broadway, Oakland.
"I wish it distinctly stated," said Mme.
Montague, "that 1 have no intention uf
obtaining a divorce from mv husband.
The past has long since been forgotten,
and I regret that it has been revived. The
relations between my husband and my
self are of the most amicable character."
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Theodore Wilson, j
editor of The Last Days, delivered a uer- i
mon on "The Christian Contest" in Ep- |
worth Hall to-day.
Rev. W. A. Brewer of San Mateo occu- i
pied the pulpit at the Church of the Ad- j
vent to-day, during the serious Illness of
Rev. V. Marshall Law, and his morning
sermon was on the all-aosorbing topic of
"FootbalL" _
This was "Jubilee day" at the Twenty- |
fourth avenue M. E. Church, and a sun
rise prayer meeting was held at 7 a. m.
ixev. E. M. Hill's sermon at the forenoon I
services was on 'me Price of Victory." i
At the First Unitarian Church Rev. J. !
T. Sunderland spoke this morning on j
"Enthusiasm," and to-night pave a lee
tore on traveling through Palestine.
"Reasons for Thanksgiving" was the
subject of Rev. T. D. Butler's sermon this |
morning at the First Christian Church.
Rev. Charles R. Brown delivered the
third of a series of lectures at the First
Congregational Church to-night on "The
Food and Raiment of the World to
Come."
Rev. E. R. Dille, at the First M. E. j
Church, to-night, spoke on "Skepticism,"
the second '- his series of lectures on
"Isms of the Day."
"Religion's Shams" was the subject on
which Rev. C. H. Hobart spoke at the
First Baptist Church to-night.
At the First Free Baptist Church to
night a harvest Sunday school concert
was given, consisting of appropriate
music, declamations and addresses.
Bound reports of the Corbett-
Shßrkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
MISS OLNEY'S LIFE
MOT YET CLOSED
RECOVERS FROM EFFECTS OF
MORPHINE.
The Young Lady Says She Was Pos
sessed of an Idea That She Had
Be r ter Die.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Miss Grace Olney, the young lady who
attempted to commit suicide at midnight
at the Weber House, was treated very he
roically at the Receiving Hospital, and
with such success that she was able to be
taken away by her friends this after
noon.
The unhappy girl Is 23 years of age and
lived with her relatives at Fruitvale. She
had been despondent for a few days, but
no one suspected that she was subject
to suicidal ideas. She is very well con
nected and is a relative of Attorney
AVf-lls Whitmore, who called at the hos
pital to-day and, with her mother, took
ncr home.
When Miss Olney recovered conscious
ness she said she was simply tired of life
and desired to die. She stated positively
that there was no romance behind her
desire to leave the world, and that the
letter she left behind her contained the
whole truth. In the note Miss Olney
stated that the future had no bright hopes
for her and she had nothing to live for.
CHEERFUL IN DEFEAT.
Stoddard Finds Fun in Reckoning
His Expenses.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— T. C. Stoddard,
late Democratic candidate for County
Clerk, is cheerful even in defeat. He has
prepared his statement of expenditures in
compliance with the purity of elections
law. A vein of humor runs through the
document that gives evidence that Mr.
Stoddard looks on -the cheerful side of
life. He Is more than cheerful over the
fact that he expended a fraction over $400
running for an office he failed to reach,
and finds a bit of fun in nearly every item
of his account.
He had the experience of most candi
dates and had business dealings with the
politicians' bogie man, whom he refers to
as L. E. G. Puller. The nature of the item
is set forth as "leg"; the service perform
ed, •'elongation." and the purpose of the
expenditure, "saved his life." Puller got
$2 *0 out of the deal.
M. F. Tarpey of the Lnion Campaign
Committee was paid $125, and W. J. Bur
wen of the Independent Republicans $35.
Mr. Stoddard avers these amounts were
donations, but under the head of "service
performed" he has written, "Don't know.
From various stable keepers he hired
rigs. These were for transporting him
during his campaigning through the coun
ty. Specifying by whom the service was
performed Mr. Stoddard gives credit to
"a horse." The street car companies re
ceived some of the defeated candidate's
good money, but "R. R. employes and
electricity" are put down as those who
performed the service.
M. R. Skelly and M. E. O'Neal wero evi
dently engaged posting Mr. Stoddard's
placards. He states that the men, two
hammers and a paper of tacks performed
the service, and that its purpose was "any
old thine."
BAKES IS INDIGNA2.T.
Does Not Like Curtin's Insinuations
About Jury-Bribing*
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Attorney George
W. Baker is considerably aroused at the
insinuations made by Detective Curtin
that money might be used by Mrs. Wil
liams or Miss Loose to influence jurors
in the Nevills case.
"The suggestion that our side of the
case has a cent to give jurors or any
body else is positively ridiculous," said
Attorney Baker to-night. "All the money is
on the other side. My clients are two poor
women, typewriters, without a dollar.
They have no money to pay attorneys or
anybody else, and it is folly to even
hint that they would attempt to bribe a
jury. I think the insinuation has been
m;»dp as a counter irritant. On the side
of NovUls there is all the money desired,
nml he has made his boast that he will
win this case if it costs him $100,000. I do
not believe any of the attorneys he has
employed would connive for a moment at
any attempt to bribe a juror, but there
ar<» persons who allege that they are con
nected with the case in Captain Nevllls*
behalf whom I would not doubt are ca
pable of anything.
"I do not know a single juror in the
case, and the mere fact that one of them
met an old friend in the courtroom le, I
understand, the basis of the theory that
money is being used to influence jurors in
tho interests oi my clients, who are ab
solutely without funds. I do not think any
intelligent person will doubt for a mo
ment where any money might come from
that would be used to bribe the jury.
That is all I have to say."
INCENDIARY AT WORK.
Torch Applied to a Vacant Dwelling
House.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— An incendiary has
been at work in West Alameda aud the
residents of that section are much alarm
ed. Several attempts have been made to
drstroy property there, but, fortunately,
the work has been crude and the fires
have been extinguished without calling
out the Fire Department. At an early
hour this morning, however, the fiend suc
ceeded In starting a blaze in a vacant
dwelling on Tnylor avenue, near McPher
son street, and the building was damaged
to the extent of $1000 before the flames
were* extinguished.
The dwelling was two stories, divided
Into four flats. It had not been occupied
for three months.
Investigation shows that this morning's
attempt was the second made to destroy
the 'building. In fact, people residing In
the adjoining houses have moved away,
giving as a reason that they had a pre
| monition that the building would be
I burned.
The property is owned by Mrs. Johanna
Kower of 2204 San Antonio avenue. It is
I fully insured. Mrs. Kower is at a loss to
| account for the fire. Chief Kraut h of the
Fire Department will make a thorough in
vestigation of the case.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— George R. Ros
siter died this morning at bis home in this
| city. He had been ailing for many months
I and for several weeks there has been no
; hope of his recovery. He was formerly a
member of the firm of Rossiter & Stotl,
leather dealers, of San Francisco, but for
a long time has not been actively en
gaged in business.
Deceased was one of the early members
of the Olympic Club and took an onthu
siastic interest in its affairs. He leaves
a widow, four sons and a daughter.
I John R. Russtll Jr., boo of Jnhn R. Rus
sell, clerk of the San Francisco Board of
Supervisors, died last night at his resi
dence on Pacific avenue, West Alameda.
Senator E. K. Taylor entertained a
number of the Republican county candi
dates yesterday aboard his yacht, the
Emerald. The party left the Emerald
' boathouse at 32 o'clock and cruised about
the bay until late in the evening.
L. Siminall, Russian, i^od 18 years,
fs booked at the City Prison on a charge
iof burglary. He is accused of stealing
! hardware from buildings in course of
construction.
When a clergyman remarked that there
would be a nave in the church an old
lady whispered that she "knew the party
to whom he referred."
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hays street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10« Eleventh street; open nntil 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, ♦
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter <___^
St.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING. JFj
at 7:30 o'clock. The order of the Tern- «jB
pie will be conferred. All fraters are ▼
courteously invited.
CHARLES L. PATTON. Em. Com.
"VViLLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _^U_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second <ie- ]Lj\
gree. Fellowcraft Masons cordially /^r »
invited. By order of the W. M.
GEO. W. ROOT, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal at
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. __#%_,
Business and M. M. degree. By in- /K2T
Btructions of the H. P. ' / V >
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. __~
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- __J__
more Bt.— Third degree THIS (MON-Tkj?
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^rN
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
MASTER MARINERS' Benevolent A_^~Z~~~
■oclatlon.— Special meeting. All mem- . 4fy^
bers are requested to be present at '**___»
hall. Alcazar building. O'Farrell St., -~~~Z
MONDAY, November 21, at 12 m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, Anton .'-cobsen. from his
late residence, 317 Fremont St., at 1 p, m.,
Monday. Nov. 21. By order of the Presi-
dent. L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, 1898, at the hour of 10 o'clock a, m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Thursday. November 10. Is9B. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for M; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen. per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship <~Y>mpanv will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
Bt, on and after Thursday, December 1, 189 S.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Novem-
ber 25, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st:, on and after
Monday, November 21. 1898. Transfer books
! will close on Tuesday, November 15. IS9S, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook, also Swedish general house-
work girl, best of references, desire situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT & CO., Sl6 Sutter St.
COMPETENT German nursery governess and
seamstress desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook and housework girl
desires situation; 3 1 * years last place; city
or country. : MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Irish waitress and chambermaid
desires situation; 2 years last place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH house girl; good cook; 3 years last
place. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist,
$12; strong and willing. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. ; ...
NORWEGIAN first-class laundress wishes sit-
uation; 1 year last place. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St. •
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
by the day; fine laundress; good worker; 75c
and car fare; other work, $1 and car fare.
276 Jessie St., room 1, downstairs; first floor.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
children's nurse; would assist with upstairs
work or sewing; good references. 445 O'Far-
rell st. • .
RELIABLE young woman wishes a situation
to do light housework; Is good plain cook;
■ wages $10. Box 1631, Call office.
WOMAN wishes place to do general house-
work; good cook and laundress; city or coun-
• try. 746 Mission st.
GERMAN • woman wants work by the day.
Address 215 Polk st. .
AN experienced worker wants . work by the
day, week or month; good references. Apply
7 Franklin 6t.
YOUNG girl, 16 years old, wants place to
work In family or care for child; willing and
obliging. 1061 Howard at.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work by day,
week or month; first-class laundress; would
like to sleep home. Box 1632. Call office. v
COMPETENT girl desires a situation In &
small family. Call at 268 Minna St.. City.
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
' general housework; reference; city preferred.
Call 2 days, 736 Myrtle St., Oakland.
'COMPETENT woman wishes situation for
housework; good plain cook. 116 Lily aye.,
bet. Gough and Octavia sts. '
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day, washing or house-cleaning. 615 Birch
avenue.
GERMAN girl wants situation, second work
and wait at table ; wages *25. Call 1022 Lar-
kin st. \
POSITION as nusery governess or lady's com-
panion; music, French and drawing; no ob- .
jection to country. 705 Dolores st.
COMPETENT girl desires a situation for gen-
eral housework In a small American family;
i wages $20. Call at 276 Clara St., off Sixth.
GERMAN girl wants position; is a good cook;
wages $25 or $30. Call or address 14 Rondel
place, off Sixteenth St.. near Valencia. __
PARISIENNE Protestant (25) to take care of
children and do sewing: good references. Ap-
ply T. R.. Hotel de France, by letter, 618
California st. - - : ; '
SITUATION wanted by 'Scandinavian girl as j
' cook or general housework. Call Monday, 160 ,
Fourteenth st. ' ; A
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as work- !
in housekeeper, chamberwork or cook in
mlninar camp. Address Home. 35 Fifth St..
. room 3. . ■ ' - j
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as house-
keeper or us nurse: city or country; good ref- ;
crences. 137--, Silver ■_ between 3d and 4th.
MEXICAN woman wishes position: good plain
I American cooking. Box ■■ Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would j like to '
board and care for 1 or 2 chi Wren. 30 VS. 11-
low aye.. bet. Larkln and : Polk, near Eddy.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a 11 Blt ; ja ,_ 1 . 0 " v ?
day, week or month. Please call at 244 Sixth j
St., room 16, top floor. ■ ■ -
WANTED-Sltuatlon as second girl or light j
general work in nice family. Apply 639 Sut- j
~ ter at. :'" ■■--,■■ ' ■ ■ ■' '" '
PACIFIC Employment Reliable help of [,
aU kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.J
SITUATIONS VVASTED-Contloned.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife in pri-
vate place or hotel: city or country; man
to work around place: all round handy man;
wife to do second work. Box 1507, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes work of any kind
by the day. Address box 402, Call office, Oak-
land. . ~
ELDERLY woman, German cook, perfect la
all styles of cooking and baking, wishes sit- 4
uation; city or country. Address 9?9 Pine st.
YOUN(t lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children, invalids and others de-
siring such services. Address box 19S0, Call.
SITUATIONS AVAA TJBIJ— >!._,_;. .
MIDDLE-AGED man desires situation at any
kind of work; references. MISS CULLEN,
32 j Sutler st.
FIRST-CLASS butler desires situation; beat
references. Please call or telephone MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell st. : tel. East _».
FOR free rent a gentleman and wife will take
charge of home during owner's absence; ref-
erences or bond. JACKSON, 823 Howard st.
SITUATION in grocery store or like business;
clerk or other work in small hotel or lodging-
house; small wages; highest references. Box
1612, Call office.
OPERATOR, young man, wishes situation aa
hotel clerk; is also an experienced telegraph
operator; can furnish good references. Box
1616, Call office.
CARPENTER wishes situation at an institu-
tion, ranch, mine or sawmill; used to ma-
chinery, millwrighting; reasonable wages at
permanent place. Box 1617, Call office.
JAPANESE^ reliable good cook wants a situa-
tion to do housework for family or boarding-
house in city; has good reference; wages $5 to
$6 a week. Address J. NOGOMI, 463 Jessie.
FRENCHMAN and wife desire situations with,
well-to-do family; man able to attend to
horses or general work around house; wife-
good cook, sewer and housewoman. Box 1992,
Call office. , -
WANTED— By reliable young man, situation
on private place; understands care of horses
and garden. Box 1613, Call office.
SITUATION as fireman; wages $1 50 a day.
Address Fireman, box i°29. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work around horses or
drive wagon; willing and good worker; ref-
erence. Box 1615. Call office.
WANTED— A position as fireman; good No. 1
oil or coal burner; best of references. Bex
1630, Call office.
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds: understands laying out of new
grounds; renovation of old grounds also; 3»
years' old; married; no children; would take
charge of house and grounds in absence of
family; first-class references. Box 1514. Call.
ENGINEER, young man wishes situation as
oiler or any other kind of work around the
engine or boiler; good mechanic; wages no
object. Box 1602. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation: understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference; state the-
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WANTED— By young man, place as night cook
in coffee and lunch house; best of references.
Box 1606, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
~~ HELP WANTEO-FEIIALE.
INVALID'S nurse, $20; cook, small wash, 2 in
family, $25, see lady here at 10 to-day; Ger-
man nurse, $20; 3 cooks in American and
German families, $26; 3 boarding house and in-
stitution cooks, $20 and $25; girls for house-
work, Alameda, $25; San Rafael, $20; Belve-
dere. $25; 5 waitresses, hotels and restaur-
ants, $15, $20, $25 and $5 week; and girls for
housework in city. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st.
COLORED cook, $20; 2 second girls. $20 and $15;
nurse girl. $15; 20 housework girls, city, $29
and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 SWEDISH or Gerntan housework girls, $23
and $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper. $15. MISS CULLEX,
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15; chambermaid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Oakland, small private family,
$20. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Antioch, $25; Alameda, $20; San
Jose, $25; and other towns. MISS CULLEX,
325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl, $20. MISS CULL.EN,
325 Sutter st. ■'. • "
NEAT young girl, light work. $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter and assslst-
ant clerk for this office, $20, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess for the country. $25; see
lady here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want—
2 waitresses, Southern California. $22 50, spe-
cial rates; 5 waitresses, city and country, $20;
6 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $5 week; 2
chambermaids to wait. $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child to go to Shasta County,
$25; cook, few boarders, $20; cook, institution,
$25; cook, 2 in family, $30; mother and daugh-
ter or 2 friends for country town, $15 and
$17 50; German girl for Sonora, $25, fare paid,
and a great many girls for city and country,
$15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary.
HOUSE girl. Los Gatos, $26; Alameda, $25;
ranch cook, $25; boarding house cook, $25;
institution cook, $25; cook, private family,
$25; waitress, $25; German nurse girl, $20;
young nurse girl, $12; a number of young
girls to assist, $10 to $15; 10 house girls, $25
and $20; housekeeper, $15 to $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. -
WAITRESS for restaurant, $5 per week; 3
cooks, $25 and $30; chambermaid. $18; 10 girls
for housework and assist. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkln st.
PROTESTANT governess who can teach Ger-
man and music; country: $25: see lady here.
For further particulars, MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country hotel.
$20. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
_ MICHEL'S. 631 Mission jit.
WANTED— Capable girl for general housework i\
German or Scandinavian preferred. Apply
838 Guerrero st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housework ;
also girl to do upstairs work; small family.
Apply 1150 Turk st.
GIRL for general housework; references re-
quired. 1685 Post st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework
small family. 1709 Post st.
WANTED— A first-class finisher at ladies*
tailoring; none other need apply. 16 Turk st.
WANTED— A waist hand at dressmaking. 923;
Folsom st. _.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 138 Russ st.
GIRL for housework: small family. Call after *
8 a. m., 926 C Fulton st.
WANTED— Woman for plain housework. 216',
Grove st. ' ' ' "--' '-''■ . .
WANTED— German nurse girl. Call Monday
\ from 9 toT at 1306 Van Neas aye.
: GOOD steady finisher on pants. Apply 560
Fourth st. M. SHAFER. .
WANTED— A young girl to assist In general.
housework. Apply to 2144 Sutter st.
A GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
at la. m., 927 Howard st. .__
A GOOD plain cook for small boarding-house.
322 Main st.
WANTED— Coat finisher. 483 Tehama St., cor.
Sixth; call early.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; sleep
home. 2508 Sutter st. *
WANTED— Woman to work In kitchen. 138
Polk st.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
Call bet. 10 and 12, 484 Castro st.
TAILOKKSS as fine pants finisher; custom
work. 5% Kearny st.. top floor, room 18.
WANTED -A first-class pants finisher. 26 Te-
hama st. '■
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
GOOD finishers on custom coats; steady work;
good wages. 4C9 Clementina st.
WANTED— Young woman to do cooking in pri-
vate family: state wages expected. Address
X. V.. box 1628. Call office.
WANTED— A first-class waist finisher. 40«
Sutler st., room 38.
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Apply 2811 Clay St., from 10 to 11 a. m.;
. wages $25. - : ■ ■ ■ . ;
WOMAN ; general work lodging house; with .
husband or child over IS. lIS Eddy st. *
OPERATORS on the Wheeler & Wilson but-
tonhole machine. 840 Market st.
LADIES everywhere to mail circulars, samples
and copy levers at home; reply with stamped
envelope.* PEERLESS CO.. South Bend. Ind.
WANTED— Maker in millinery store. 1323
Stockton st. : ..;.-■
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
. few - Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
US VI STRAUSS _ CO., 86ft Fremont it*— — ■ i
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— or gent: pleasant work; good
wages; experience not necessary. 136 6th, r. 2.
LE4RN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good positions;
patterns, 10c up. US McAllister st.
Hi: Li' WAXTKU-51ALE.
WANTED— Middle-aged bookkeeper, stenog- j
V rapher anil typewriter, $75; 4 men to clear !
land, (28 an acre; 5 coal miners, $! ton; res-
taurant cooks. $11 week and $40 month; cook,
email country hotel, $25; restaurant butcher, ;
$4<v restaurant waiters, $45- and $6 week: dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY "Phone Main 6848
Leading ■ Employment arid Labor Agents,
Want Monday, 7 a. m
19 laborers, city jobs $1 75 day
6 teamsters, city Jobs $1 75 day
I'llck burner $35 and found
Foreman stableman »30 anil found
S plate splitters $2 50 day
8 laborers to cut brush, clear land, etc., for
a . a :r.;il company, $28; 3 boy. to learn
trades. $3 week; X WOodC—OPPers, 4-foot pine,
$1 cord; 8! woodchoppers, 4-ft red, 70c cord;
% ■■boys for ranches; S3 tiemakers, Sc. 8c
and 12c each; shingle packer: driver bakery
vraKon; 2 drivers for city milk wagons, $30
and $25 and found: express driver $2 day
MURRAY & READY.
034 and 636 Clay st.
6 COOKS. $50 to $30 baker, $40 and found i
5 alters, $30 to SCO.. hall boy, $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6.J0 Clay st.
LABORERS for the mountain railroad; ship
Monday night. C R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary St.
SHIP for Skaguay, Alaska. Railroad Tuesday,
November 22; fare $16; particulars at our
office. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
IRONER No. 9 Troy collar and cuff machine,
$10 a week: country. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
YOUNG man with some experience in a grocery
store. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. [
WANTED— Station agent for private railroad
_ station, $60 per month; unexceptional refer-
f ences required. W. D. EWEK & CO.. 626
Clay st.
WANTED — Bread and cake baker for country
shop, $45 per month and found. W. D.
EWER _ CO., 626 Clay st.
20 TIE makers, 9c and He each; 20 post makers,
IV' and 2c each; 20 woodchoppers, 4-foot ,
, wood, We for red, $1 for pine and $1 25 for
' rough oak. tools and grub advanced, fare $1;
2 slate splitters, $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD _
CO., SOS and 610 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. work around place and
care of 2 horses, $10 per month and found.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NIOHT cashier that understands restaurant
work. Apply bet. 10 and 11 a. m. at 29 Stock-
ton st.
WANTED — for dry goods store In, Mission.
Box 1504, Call office.
WANTED— Young man; steady; waiter. 1245
Kentucky at.
WANTED— Coat maker to work inside. 409
Clementina st.
BOY wanted in a grocery; German preferred.
Apply Grocery, Polk and Union sts.
WANTED— A helper on cakes. Rutz's Bakery.
SS6 Valencia, st.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table. 1125
Stockton et.
BUSHELMAN and presser: steady work. Em-
porium Renovatory, 109 Eddy st.
WANTI+D— Young man for sign work; steady
Job. 712 Howard St., under drug store.
/ GOOD chance for young man to learn the bar-
f- her trade. 302% Fourth st., cor. Folsom.
WANTED— An experienced hat salesman, at
RAPHAEL'S. 9-15 Kearny st.
SALESMAN; city or country: factory to con-
sumer; permanent: profitable. ELLEN-
JVOOD, 118 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED boys' clothing salesman, who
understands window trimming, at ROO3
BROS.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 828
Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
JEWELERS wanted. 328 Bush St.. room 4.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their In- j
tention to become Bach; must be of good char- ;
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information '
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st., 1
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large j
all. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Frafrt«ci Barber College. 133' _ Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment I
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. j
W\NTKD— First-class wcod worker, with $2000
Aidrefs box 1957, Call.
SIBN t3 learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
(TRY.Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
I thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 2 A 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 BO per wk. Elcho House, 863'-i Market et.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnl?hed, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosednle House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 857 Market st., below Sixth, i
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: free
•'bus and Y:u:sra.F.c to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for oaly official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results," !
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps.
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen.- Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Writ*
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINCTON & CO., Hartford, Conn.
' ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets; salary j
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway, Oakland. j
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; Ju«t In. Greater West Advertising A Nov-
ehy Co.. 1155% Washington St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— buy 3 lots; the lot not over $50;
near or In Butchertown. 604 Minna st.
WANTED— From 2 to 10 acres land within 50
miles of city; suitable for a country home.
Send partl"u':arß to box ISII. Call office.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wantei In o id established hay, j
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25 j
horses: price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner miring. Box 1588, Call office.
M '-. SES WANTED.
WANTED— By responsible couple, rooming '
-. ouse .- 11 r ° t0 30 r mi; rent or take charge. 1
Box 161S, < ■■:' office.
_^ ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Furn'.Fhed dining room ln"goo_ lo-
cality: '."■''/.; given in exchange for rent. Box
' 16? S. Call office.
WANTE!>-MISCELLANEOUs!,
WANTED— Cash paid for 1 enunclator of not
lees than *o numbers. Box 1816, Call office.
V J'-£P^ c i on<3 " h ' lml upright piano for cash.'
GARDNER & GARSELL. 216 Port st
PHOTOGRAPHIC »nd magic lantern appa- I
rstr.!: second- 109 Montgomery «t.
CARPET CLEANING, ~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans"*
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mirr '
33 and 40 Eighth wt.; telephone South go" "
WHEN you become diFKUsted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tchama at. ; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944. '
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tfl. Main 304. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. ' I
* TYPEWRITERS^
ALL tpewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples «__
prices. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Montgomery.
"A HAMMOND, $25; CaHfrraph. $15; Yost. $25;
«tt sample work. BCOTT, 233 Montgomery it.
BUSINESS CHANCES. '
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. - •
A—s3so:A — $350: CHOP house and coffee saloon; Market
and Eddy sts.; a splendid bargain; must be
sold to-day. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
A— slsoo; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hair
splendid paying; stock worth the money
owner bought ranch. WILKE _ UNFUG, 906
Market st.
$500; CORNER saloon; doing a splendid
business; close to Call building; rarest offer
in the market. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st.
A— ssso; OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant In
•wholesale district; no Sunday or night work;
a well-known and llrst-class paying place; a
genuine good bargain: sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
HALF of well-paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.
LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city; anybody can run this and make
money; sickness; exchange for Alameda Co.
property. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
1 $1000— A FINE delicacy store; near Market st.
has a large trade; full value in sight; a great
bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$125— CIGARS and notions; 3 rooms; cheap rent;
can be largely Increased; old established;
party cannot attend it. LESS & CO.. 765 M_t.
$275— A PARTNER, lady or gentleman, In old
established restaurant; meals 25c and up; '
clears $75 mo. each; full Investigation courted
and allowed. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$275— CORNER grocery and bar, with living
i rooms; established years; owner called East;
will sacrifice. M. LESS, 765 Market st. i
I 52750— HOTEL and bar: fine corner; good part
of city: 20 rooms; 25 regular boarders; big i
bar trade; most desirable class of cash cus-
tom; men always at \Tork the year round;
full value In sight; nothing asked for good
will; grandest bargain offered. M. LESS, 765'
Market et.
$75 WILL buy a saloon with 2 furnished rooms 1
included; a bargain; must be sold at once.
Apply to M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1100— ROAD house, including building; doing
business $15 a day; old established stand for
years; cars pass door. JONES, 865 Market st. j
I $750— SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fitted up; doing good- business: disagreement
of partners cause sale; just half price.
! JONES, 865 Market st.
$250— CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market; good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES, 56.5 Market st.
PARTNER wanted with $125; advertising busi-
ness opportunity of a lifetime; will clear $75
a month to each sure. JONES, 865 Market st.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon; best on Market St.;
$50 to $75 dally. KREDO & CO., 22 1 . Geary.
A— $1100; GROCERY and bar; Hayes Valley;
established 14 years; must sell. KREDO _
CO., 22% Geary st.
i A— sB3o; CORNER grocery and bar; Third St.;
big business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary st. ____^
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15
to $20 dally. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary st. '
A— TWO special bargains in rooming houses;
finest location in city; doing splendid busi-
ness 4 special reason for selling; thorough in-
vestigation. 6. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
A— s7s, BRANCH bakery, notions, candy; rare
bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market.
A— S2SO— PARTNER wanted in brokerage busi-
ness; 20 years old; well located; Investigate
this. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st. ;
A— CIGAR stands from $225 to $1500: all well
located and doing good paying business. 6.
H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
$900— Fine corner saloon.
$400— Partner; paying restaurant.
$600— Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner In auction house.
Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds 1...
STENBERG CO.. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2so: BARGAIN: sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOEWENSTEIN, bet. Sixth and;
Seventh sts. |
j $400— CORNER saloon; best part of Mission; |
large Mock; fine fixtures. Including $200 pool
table- big trade: 6 living rooms; cheap rent; !
bargain. LOWENSTEIN. 1023% Market st.
$550— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: death I
in the family cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
_ CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon: a bargain. McLAUOH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$150 BUYS best little business in Oakland: no j
night or Sunday work; no experience neces- j
sary; owner has other business; sell cheap or
take partner. Box 106. Call office, Oakland.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 709, 927 Market.
— BARBER shop in Vallejo for rale: paying
: $20 jier week; cheap 'rent; owner leaving city.
Address W. J. P., box 2SS. Vallejo, Cal.
2 FIRST-CLASS restaurants and coffee saloons;
pell one or both. Inquire of the proprietor,
315 Bush st.
BARBER shop: good steady trade; fine loca-
tion; on account of other business. 227 2d.
A BARGAIN— Elegant bar fixtures. Apply Wie-
land's Brewery, from 11 a. m. to 5 p. m.
$125 — BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, 3!
rooms; rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant ay. !
i SHOE shop doing fine business; good location;
cheap rent. 232 Bush st.
MAKE an offer — Half or whole Interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco: clearing $200 j
month guaranteed; fullest Investigation and i
trial before buying. E. E. BUNCE, 90S
' Broadway, Oakland.
; $400 — PARTNER wanted In light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 117 Stockton st., front office.
FOR Millinery store; best location In
the city; fine corner store; great bargain.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON*. CO., 1709 Market.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
St., Oakland.
START a mall order business at home. Par-
ticulars for stamp. ORMOND CO., Dept. 73,
Chicago.
OlL— Wanted capital to develop oil fields. Ad-
dress box 1625. Call office.
NEW three-room ark for sale cheap. Box 481.
Call office, Oakland.
FOR — Good oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue.
DELICACY store, with furniture, for sale
cheap. Inquire Call office.
GOOD business proposition to right man; small ! ;
capital required; estabd. trade; no experience :
"necessary. Box 3008. Call office, Oakland.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; in good location: Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1618.
Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; •' living rooms:
cause of selling death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewery, Lombard and Taylor.
BAKERY; only store trade: cash business; j
■ with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call. i
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters; j
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109 ;
Bfflle st. j
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
6 COIN silver new spoons; a nice present; for
$9, cost $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline: 30-
ft. sloop: 21-ft. launch. 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat: bar-
gains: new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. succecsor to San Francisco
Launch Co.. North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirror*, showcases, counters, ;
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- ;
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
A NO. 1 family cow and calf for sale at 307 |
Thirtieth st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
l AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. C 23 Golden Gate aye.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectosccpe, $100. Baclgalupi, I*3B-952 Market.
J R. POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
' " LOST.
STRAYED from 215 Bay St., a brown water j
spaniel bitch on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. |
16; scar on front leg. Finder will be re- :
warded by returning her to above address, j
LARGE St. Bernard bitch all clipped; has
medicine on back. Liberal reward, 811 How-
ard it. ...... .. -. . ; . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1898.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$1400— LODGING house, 20 rooms, north of Mar-
ket st. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
4S-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS.,
24-room house; easy payments $800 i
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms: central; clears $60 45)
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450 |
63-room house; cost $S000; only 3500
10-room house; only I" 1
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 500
46-room house: corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 860
22 rooms near City Hall 603
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
1 HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED
REMEMBER THE NUMBER
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
...,H. C. DECKER
A— KREDO & CO .22% Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient; fine corner $500 I
11 rooms: Geary; doctor pays rent........ 000
12 rooms; McAllister; clears $50 32*
12 rooms; Golden Gate; elegant 800
14 rooms: all outside bay-windows..' SOO
15 rooms; near Market; transient 300
15 rooms; Geary: clears $100 1060
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell: clears $160.. lIP
I A— ssso: 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month. KREDO _ CO.. 22% Geary st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $»01
76 rooms; select; transient; corner 3500
28 rooms; rent $55 '. '••.• 650
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $:0 500 |
! 10 rooms: all new furniture > 600 i
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
; SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F.C. HYDE _ CO.. 1206 Market st.
• WINSTON _ CO., 646 Market st. |
14 rooms: Geary St.: offer wanted $1100 |
16 rooms: corner and cheap rent: only 760
25 rooms: new; part cash 900
! 32 rooms; rent $90: fine 1300 ;
! 66 rooms: will exchange (ranch) 3000 j
See Examiner and Chronicle |
BARGAINS at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.; Hyde 5t.. 5250 1 18 rme.; Post 5t.... $600
18 rms.: Third st.. R50137 rms.: Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary st. 600 f>o rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
! A— SO 70 and 100 room houses to let: also 300
flats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
1 LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 29 rooms; all light;
$450. 124 Second st.
HOUSES TO LET.
i AT 2C Morris aye.. off Harrison St.. near Sixth—
Bunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free: big yard; big cellar.
HOWARD, 2306— Elegant sunny house, 9 rooms
and bath; basement and yard; rent reduced to
reliable parties.
HOUSE of 13 room? and bath in good order:
sunny side. 252 O'Farrell st. *
HYDE, 416— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath j
in good order. Apply 418 Hyde st.
MODERN residence, 2415 Jackson St.; grand
view; 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON j
& BURKE. 626 Market st. I
OAK 29, near Market— l2-room house; rent
$40:' 2 permanent roomers still In house, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PERRY 208. near Fourth— rooms and yard;
rent $S; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN ft CO. «
SEVENTH, 220— House of 8 rooms and bath;
rent cheap. Key on premises. -■
i WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gpmery st. __________________
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLHNGW< 218^-Cottage and stable; 4
rooms: large yard. Apply MADISON & j
BURKE, 626 Market st. |
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath; basement; upper i
flat, 5 rooms. Apply at 220 Thirteenth st. ;
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle j
flat ; 6 rms. ; modern conveniences; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath; unfurnished; modern; $52: water free.
2819 Golden Gate aye. or NAVLET, 401 Peary.
CLAYTON, 874. south of Frederick— Modern !
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath. | !
FLAT 4 rooms anil bath. 904 Minna St., near :
Tenth.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms, bath; modern Im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth St.. bet. How-
and Capp; rent reduced.
FRAN—LIN, 713 — Corner uppvr flat 6 rooms and '
bath; near Golden Gate aye.
GEARY, 1909— 515; upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
HAVES, 339-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas: bath; rent $16.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores _ UJth.
THANKSGIVING week we will offer 10 to 30
days' free rent to every flat or house we rent;
we' have ten flats, 3 rooms, $7; cozy 5-room
cottages, $12, etc., at SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st. j_
WE can rent you a flat with cr without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 19 Mont-
gomery st. '
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1219 Mis-
sion at., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
$13— COZY lower flat of 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 10 Bhotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
$25— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard st.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 126 Page st., between
Geugh and Oetavia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $150, postage
paid. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A LARGE nice fUnny mom. complete for house-
keeping; folding bed; new stove; suitable for
2 persons; $8 per month. Apply shoe store,
562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2! BtS.
CALIFORNIA, 705— Rooms; light housekeeping;
furnished and unfurnished; other rooms.
EDDY, — I^arge double rooms: housekeeping;
gas and bath; quiet house; reasonable.
EDDY. 205— Very ninny furnished room; rea-
sonable; private family.
EDDY. Very desirable sunny connecting I
housekeeping rooms; private residence; no i
children.
ELLIS, 532—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
FIFTH, 3?2— Large funny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11. i
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20; also 3, $12; single, $5.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Sunny house-
keeping rooms and others; running water;
with yard.
FOLSOM, 870— Sunny nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
GEARY. 1505— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping; cheap. i
GEARY, 1512%— 3 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404— Large, light alcove j
room, complete; gas stove; folding-bed; $12. i
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— Two large sunny well j
furnished rooms; light housekeeping; gas;
' stove; bath and free telephone.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
GROVE, 417%— A furnished and unfurnished
room to let.
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
JESSIE, 439, bet. sth and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms, fur. complete for hkg.; sink; $14.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503, near Jackson— 8
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath. .
MASON, 805—2 sunny unfurnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable. . j
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
kpg complete; front double and single; chp.
MISSION, 834—2 sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; also others, $1 25 up.
MISSION, 945— Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 946— Furnished rooms; light house-
keeping; reasonable. ■
MISSION, 1129— Large sunny front room; ele-
gantly furnished, grate; light housekeeping.
OAK, 1193, near Park— furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; gas stove; use ojt par-
lor and : piano. . .
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— room* for
' housekeeping; no children.
O'FARRELL, E36— Large punny furnished front
rm.; single rm., light hkpg. privilege; reas.'
POST, 505— Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
gas, bath, running water; other rooms cheap.
POST, 921— Front and back parlor; conven-
iences for housekeeping; French family; pri.
SEVENTH, 262— Housekeeping rms, : newly pa-
pered; sun all day; large yard; also fur rm.rs.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
SEVENTH 328/4— large sunny unfurnished
room's; running" water; boiler; balcony; cheap.
SI ITU 216^— Sunny ; large front rooms also;
suites; light housekeeping; rent reasonable. ,
SIXTH 420— Sunny bay-window rooms; house-
keeping: run, water, bath; also single rma.
SIXTH, 561, in the rear— large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard. _;
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 537— furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ' ;
THIRD. 309—2 largo furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping. $10 a month.
UNION 1106—2 furnished rooms, folding bed,
stove, 'hot and cold water, yard, $10. ,
3 UNFURNISHED housekeeping rooms, bath
and gas stove. Apply 1033 Post, near Polk.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
runny rooms: en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable, - '"■
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 60 to
S3; single. $1 to SI 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BALBOA. The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
. renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; leas \
per week; country trade solicited; elev tr;tel. I
BUSH. 421 — Furnished and ; housekeeping
rooms.
BUSH, 675— Newly furnished bay-window suite;
also cozy singlo room.
BUSH, Nicely furnished double rooms, $7 \
a month; other rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, -Elegant suite sunny fur-
I nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; SB, $10 mo.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suite parlors; other
sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Nicely furnished
rooms, $6 and SS. : j
GRAND SOUTHERN, SB. cor. Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and j
Kingle: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to S4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GROVE, 615—1 large sunny room with grate;
all modern improvements; reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; SI 60 to $6 per week.
H SHELL. The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap, neat,
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD. 714— Single furnished rooms, $4 and
$"> a month.
MINNA, 28— Single and double rooms, 75c and
SI per week; beds, 50c per week.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, SI per week ; transient.
OAK 115— Pleasant front room In German fam-
ily; upstairs. MRS. KAUFXER.
O'FARRELL. *20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights : day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 224— Sunny front suite, $6 week;
single rm., double bed, $2 50; run, water; tran.
O'FARRELL, 637— R00m suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
POST, 634— Large . neatly furnished room;
rent $8. ' __
POWELL. Nice furnished sunny front j
rooms suitable for 2; board if desired; term*
reasonable. _,
„ — _~- — — —— — ■
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooma; second floor; leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Marl-et— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 472— Nice sunny furnished rooms,
neat and clean: also transient.
TEHAMA. 310 A —Suite of two furnished rooms.
Call between 6 and 7 p. m. - ■ |
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St.. corner How-
ard—Best appoint*, centrally located: rooms \
en suite or single, tSc to ?1 night; SI 25 to So
week; open all night': How.-ir *-!>t. cars pass j
house direct from ell boats an., trains. S I
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms cr suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping. !
TWELFTH, -231?— Newly furnished room for
2 gentlemen; sas and bath; private.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3324, near Valencia— 1
furnished alcove front room, with hot and
cold water, gas and bath, suitable for 2. rent
cheap; also a single room, with hot and cold
water, S3: private family. ■
WASHINGTON, f.o2— Changed hands; renovat-
ed:- sunny unfura. rrns. : .offices: run, water.
:
ROOMS AND HOARD. ;
ELEGANTLY furnished large sunny room,
with board, for couple, $45; first-class cook; :
home comforts; piano; telephone. Box 1607,
Call office.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia Ft.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board: reasonable.
LYON. 1309—2 sunny front rooms with or with-
out board.^
O'FARRELL, Pleasant rooms; horns cook-
ing: parlor: piano; bath- gents: special rates.
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
INFANT or small child; good home; $10 a
month. ■:!» Lexington aye.
STORES TO LET.
PART of store, suitable for delicacies, in con-
nection with butcher and fruit store; $15. 1005
Guerrero st., near Twenty-second.
STORE with living apartments, suitable for
harneosmaker or plumber. Apply 414 Bran-
nan st.
STORE: 242 Sixth St.: best business location:
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market at.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents til 50
to S2O. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET. lOOBV3. opp. Fifth— of unfur-
nished room* for doctor or dentist.
OFFICE to let at 1065 Market St.. opposite
Jones; newly furnished.
/ DENTISTS.
A~ MkfAL~pTate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full Bet of teeth, $0: crowns, S3; fill- I
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty; !
written guarantee for ten yt%rs given on all |
work; no students employed; extracting free:
when plates are ordered; consultation free. j
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and i
Mason s'.s. Entrance 8 Mason at. j
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible ;
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years; j
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work,
our neclaltv: fillings. 606; crowns, S3 50: all
— ••• painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Btsth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
I'):. GEORGE W. LEEK, gen <"""<» Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat- \
antee of improved bridge work or teeth with- j
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. j
SET of teeth. $5 : fillings, gold. SI up: silver. 25c \
up; bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. Mew York
Dentists, 969 Mission at., corner Sixth. . .
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up- all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., comer Sixth.
SET of teeth. $4; filling, gold r,oo, silver 25c: j
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. — . Paris i
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st. |
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh ; crowns bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL —ork reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ' ■ I
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. i
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Balesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harnesß. etc, at your own price.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket ?27 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER seat piano-box rubber tire
i road buggy for sale cheap.; Can be seen at
921 Sutter St. ' ■ ■ \ . !
WANTEI>— Second-hand furniture wagon. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.' *
HORSE, harness and delivery wagon, 25 Pearl
at.,. bet Thirteenth and Fourteenth. ■:■.-.
r^" , PHYSICIANS." .-••■•■.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. ODonnell, office
and residence, 1021*5 Market, bet. Bth and 7th. '
Personals-
LEDERER, the hairdresser, uses Quinonia for
a hair tonic; it's unsurpassed; 35c a bottle;
try it. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ■
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo is the
most popular hair wash in the market; only
Be a package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
HIGHLY educated gentleman' will give Italian
or French lessons; reasonable. 1222 Pine St.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c. 77 Ninth st.
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
. by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
2. r e to $1 50 per night; SI 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's' cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
SI week. "N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
FAShToNABLB dressmaking; children^
dresses a specialty; prices reasonable. 834
Eddy st. ■
TAYLOR. MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty; reasonable. __
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses, »5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm<= 14-10.
;■ x'IRITI ALIS.W.
attentionT^'
Returned.
MFS. DR. A. D. HOWH
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and be—
to Inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The endome, 1104
Market st. . .
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
I rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
! she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings %l. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st.
M FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Height st.
MRS ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.
Mon., 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any addresa In the United
States or Canada one -'ear -or $1 60, postag*
paid.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CONSULT' the lucky medium. 349V4 Minna St.,
near Fifth.
MME. LENEMAR. fort, by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 23 ! » 6th. r. 3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and luture: 2" •. MS Sixth, rm. 19.
MME. MOKEAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MMi: ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MMX. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2.'.c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. has ■ ned an office at 315 O'Farrell s.t.
4 MARKET Branch office of Tn» Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. .
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseased from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find ' her a
true friend: home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER. no Eddy St.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1: guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WTETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of nil Invalids, men and. women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; Rolf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
St. ; pills, ?1; very strong, %2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and pure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price SI 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what pause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; « no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules, SI; cure.
15. By the well-known ladles' physician for
87 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, 16; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay St.;
SI 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to BEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes. .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no dnn^er: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents.' Oakland. Cnl.
DR. C. O. WISE, the ladles' .specialist. ' Office,
1148 Market st., opp. 6th nearly. Cut this out.
A SAFE, easy and sure remedy for obesity.
Address box 19GS, Call office. / . • '
ELEVENTH," 10*—Branch office of- The Call.
Subscriptions and ads' taken. \ — ' '•
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; gui-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St. Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, : English
bronchen, etc. life scholarship, $30; low rates
per week end month. v
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-.
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 5941 24th st.
LESSONS given in English branches, French.
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
_ specialty. MISS JEAN HIIDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.;. 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. ■ Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■- J
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
. machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. -. 203 Fourth at- v.. : ■
CITY REAL ESTATE.
WESTERN Addition, 2013 Turk St.— Comfort-
able 4- room cottage; nice garden: high bass-
ment; lot 24:«x137:6; must be sold; make an
offer. : ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.«i:i)A REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 60x150; house of 4 rooms; I
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2Eoo— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 60x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala- I
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
! BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
I builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park St..
Alameda. Cal. . ■-';■': ■■:■■
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$3000— 5-room cottage; bath, laundry: 1% acres:
12 mln. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese A Cod-
dlngtcn. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley »tn.
( OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17: no dark nns.:
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
Et. KOENIQ & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets; reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Good and cheap. H. SCHEtiI-
BAAS' old (tors. <9S Eleventh St. B»« him.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and . private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 180 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympta Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission ; .private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
I $50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WASTED.
$10On~WANTET) on 2 cottages; rent $16 per
month: Interest 8 per cent: principals only.
S., box 111. Call office, Oakland.
$1500 WANTED for 6 or 12 months 10 per cent;
j on good indorsed or Joint note. Box 1619. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 GO PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS.
- $3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright.. $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00 .
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .V.''.- '
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical, merchandise;
call and" get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market. St.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. " We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wardrooms. 1818 Market St.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
ering, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st. '
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used; cheap, for cash. Room 10. Flood bldg.
$60— UPRIGHT piano: cost new $300; 5 monthly
installments. 1115 Post st.
BARGAIN: pood Steinway upright: cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
AN elegant StPinway. upright, for $250 cash;
■ must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, ' the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. . ■
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights. $75 up;
rents. s2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. - •
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.LER, maker, " repairer. 2 Latham place,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Rent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free— W. P. . ADAMS. 607 Emma
I Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket:, consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
~ ~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, Depart-
ment No. . Amanda J.iFennell, plaintiff,
vs Gerald M. Fenneil, defendant. Action
brought in the Superior Court. City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed In said \Clty
and County of San Francisco, In the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court. -
The People 'of the State of California send
greeting to Gerald M. Fenneil, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
• plaintiff in ., the Superior . Court » City and
County of. San Francisco, State of ; California,
and to answer the . complaint filed therein
within ten days (exeluslv^ of . the v day of
eervice) after the service on you of . this
summons, < : if served \ within this county; or,
If served elsewhere, within' thirty days. ■
The said action is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving th»
bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff and defendant, upon, the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on
the ground of his wilful neglect of her: also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
In the complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence is hereby made. •."•-«■■<•■ r -» fr*
All of which will more fully appear In tha
complaint on. file herein to which you ar«
hereby referred. . ,
And you are hereby notified that If you fail
to appear and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said i
Superior Court at the City and County of San j
Francisco, State of California, this 28th day ]
of September, . in the year of our Lord, on* !
- thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding In and near ' Vancouver, B. C.,' during
the years 1891 to 1595. and afterward in Cali-
fornia, and was last heard of in Sonora,
TuoUimne County. Cal., about June, 1898, will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
jnm'thinc to his advantage. WELLS .&
HIND. ■ Solicitors. Nottingham. England.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death : notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. :
BOBN.
ElCHLER— November 19, 1898, to the wife of
. Dr. Alfred Eichler. a son. .
DIED.
Burk, Ellen N. ' Lambert. Mr». D.
Cooper, Lizzie J. ' McAloon, Arthur '.
Cummlnse, Nellie Mohun, Cathertna A.
Campbell, Rebecca J. Murphy, Mary P.
. Decar.dla, Michael A, R^digan, John
Draves, Frederick A. Riley, John W.
Faber. Emma C. Russell. John A. Jr.
Goomes. Frances , Rosseter, George
, Howe, Parthenia F. Rush. George W.
Jacobsen, rapt. A. < nauch. Anna
Kelly, James F. ' - Scott. Chalmers
Kelly. Ethel *'. Slater. Tom S.
Kennedy, Thomas Vero, Mary B.
White, Lily H.
BURK— In this city, November 20. 1898. Ellen
Naglee. daughter of Mary Naglee Burk, a
native of Philadelphia., aged -49 years 8
months and 4 days. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
ItT" Services and interment private. -
COOPER— In Oakland, November" 20. 1898, LiB-
2ie J., beloved daughter of Frank and Mary
Cooper, and sister of Frank, Joseph, John,
Mollie and Peter Cooper, a native of Oak-
land, aged 16 years 4 months and 17 days.
tC^Notlce of funeral ■ hereafter.
CUMMINGS— In this city, November 20, IS9S,
Nellie, beloved mother of Florence Cum-
mlngs, and niece of the late Elizabeth Mc-
Adams, a native of Tlpperary, Ireland, aged
5S years.
E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. November 19, 1898,
Rebecca J. Campbell, beloved mother of Mrs.
Charles Frank, a native of Canada, aged 61
years 7 months and 11 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her "daughter, Mrs. Charles Frank. 1522
Dolores street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
DEC AN DI A— ln Stockton. Cal., November 18,
1898, Michael A., beloved husband of Cath-
alna T. Decandla, a native of Ancovla, Italy,
aged 50 years 3 months and 10 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), meeting Stockton train at Six-
teenth-street station at 11:40 a. m.. to pro-
ceed to Mountain View Cemetery.
DRAVES— In this city, November 20, IS9S,
Frederick A., beloved husband of Margarita
Draves, and father of Frank, Willie and
Martha Draves, a native of Germany, aged
76 years.
: E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
N. Gray & Co., 611 Sacramento street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FABER— Colma. November 19. 1898. Emma
C, dearly beloved daughter of Peter and
Christine Faber, and sister of Andrew, Peter.
Charles and Louise Faber, Mrs. Charles F.
Fick and the late Nicolaus and Anna M.
Faber, a native of Colma, Cal., age* 18
years 6 months and 29 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, corner rt Castle street and
San Bruno avenue, Colma, thence to St.
Ann's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOOMES— In this city, • November 20, IS9S,
Frances, beloved daughter of . Joseph and
Phllomena Goomes, ■ and sister of Manuel,
Mary and Joseph Goomes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years and 6 months.
HOWE— In this city, November . 20, IS9B. Par-
thenia F. Howe, beloved mother of Fred E.
and Charles A. Howe and Mrs. Brock John-
son, a native of Mount Vernon, Me., aged 86
years 9 months and 10 days. (Camden. Me.,
papers please copy.)
[£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 222 Twenty-seventh street, near
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JACOBSEN— sea. November 18, 1888, Cap-
tain Anton, beloved husband of Kate Jacob-
sen • a native of Norway, aged 52 years 7
months and 16 days. A member of Master
Mariners' Association, Court Inter Nos No. 18.
Foresters of America, and Magnolia Lodge
No. 41. A. O. U. W.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 317 Fremont street, under the auspices
of Master Mariners' Association. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
F of A. — Officers and members of Court Inter
Nos No. 18, Foresters of America, are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Anton Jacobsen, this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 317 Fremont street. By order of
F. H. COYLE. Chief Ranger.
. JAMES F. HALLET, Fin. Sec.
KELLY— In this city, November 19, 1598. James
F. beloved husband of Ellen T. Kelly, and
father of James W. and William M. Kelly.
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 54
years.
" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 118 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where prayers will be said for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In San Mateo, November 20 1898.
Ethel C. beloved daughter of James J. and
Sarah Z. Kelly, and sister of Charles. James.
May and Sadie Kelly, a native of Petaluma,
Cal., aged 2 years 10 months and 29 days.
KENNEDY— this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal November 20. 1593, Thomas Kennedy of
Watsonvllle, a native of Ireland, aged 65
P [C7'N'otice of funeral hereafter. Remains
. at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
LAMBERT— In this city, November 20, 1898.
Mrs. D. Lambert, aged 86 years.
|C7*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from 711 Fillmore
street. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
McALOON— ■ the City and County Hospital,
November 20, 1838. Arthur McAloon. a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years. »
MOHUN— this city, November 19. 1898. Cath-
arine Ann, beloved wife of Peter F. Mohun,
and mother of Dr. C. C. Pedro, Mary C.
Philita C, Reginald, Aloyslus, LHhan, May-
bell and Joseph Mohun, a native of New
York City.
(C?"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1209 Scott street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, bet. Scott and Devisa-
dero. where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment. Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. November 19. 1893,
Mary P., beloved wife of John E. Murphy,
and mother of Mabel I. Murphy, -.a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 60 years 4 months
and 9 days. •
(CTFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1232 Valencia street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
RADIGAN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 20, 189S, John Radigan, a natlv« r
of New York, aged 37 years.
RILEY— In this city, November 20. 1898, John
William, dearly beloved son of John and
Catherine Riley, and brother of Thomas.
Daniel and Lillian Riley, Mrs. P. Le Strange,
Mrs. J. McCormick and Mrs. E. : Lawlor, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 9
months. .
' ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ■
RUSSELL— Alameda, November 18, IS9J.
John A. Jr., beloved husband of Leonie Rus-
sell son of John A. and Mary E. Russell,
and brother of Mrs. Edgar Painter, Mrs. Ed-
ward A Younger and Miss Ada Russell, a
native of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
try The funeral services will take place
this day (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, at 325
Pacific avenue. Alameda. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. San Francisco, at 2:30 clock.
Please omit flowers.
ROSSETER— In Alameda. November W. 1898.
George, beloved husband of Abbie M. Ros-
seter and eon of the late James Rosaeter of
Ushers Quay. Dublin, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land aged 67 years and 11 months.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday). >tt 9:31 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2030 San Jose avenue. Alameda, thenca
to St Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Friends are
invited to attend. Interment private.
RUSH— this city, November 20, 1898. George
W. Rush, a native of Kentucky, aged 65 years
and 5 months.
RAUCH— In this city. November 20, 1898, Anna,
beloved daughter of Henry J. and ' Sophie
Rauch, and sister of Bertha, Henry and John
Rauch, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
21 years 4 months and 2 days.-. -'-•";-■;:
SCOTT— -' San Diego, November 16, 1898,
Chalmers, son of the late Rev. W. A. Scott.
D.D., L.L.D., a native of New Orleans, aged
63 years. •• ■ '
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
John's Presbyterian Church, : corner Califor-
nia and Octavla streets. San Francisco. In-
terment private. No flowers. • , ,
SLATER— Denver, Colo., November 20, 1898,
Tom S.. only and beloved son of . Mrs. S. A.
; and the late Dr. Thomas Slater, and brother
of Miss Gussle Slater, a native of Engl<*id,
aged 19 years and 5 months.
VERO— In this city, November 19, 1898, Mary
Brooks, widow of the late William Vero, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. M. A. Hop-
kins Mrs. Matilda .B. Fowler. Mrs. George
D Glllard and Mrs. P. T. M. Wate, a native
of England • aged 79 years. ; (Providence, R.
1., papers please copy.)
CTFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 18 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car . from corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
WHITE— On steamer Coptic, off Japan, Octo-
ber 31. 1898, Lily Hicks White, mother of
Richard M. White and Mrs. Caroline Hollls.
daughter of Mrs. Richard M. Wilson, and
sister of Mrs. Estelle Hansen, a native of
San Francisco. _____i
~ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flanagan * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL2IERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ________________
■"""""'""'irl'LT — '"aVO'v. Manager. 6
ffIcAVOY «3fc CO..
; FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBAIiIBRI I
- 1535 Market it,, between Bth and Sto. 3
lll ■!■■■■ ■■« Talnphone. S.q"ilL-«lL I I 1115
910
MEIN MAY BE THE MINERS' NEW PRESIDENT
A Workhorse, but
He Will Be in
the Running.
Mining Association Will
Convene in Native Sons'
Hall To-Day.
FOR a week the miners have aban
doned hammer and drill to the drift
and the stope and have come to the
city to meet In annual convention and
discuss ways and means for the enhance
ment of the mining interests in California.
And, incidentally, they have gathered to
do a good bit of politics, for the fight over
the president's chair of the California
Miners' Association is a hot one. and the
aspirants to the vacancy that will be cre
ated by the voluntary retirement of Jacob
Neff are alreailv lining up their forces.
T'pon the matter of selecting a presi
dent the association is already divided
into three factions— the adherents of Ju
lian Sonntag, the supporters of A. C.
Ralston and a considerable number who
are urging the election of Captain
Thomas Mem of Alameda. So fax Sonn
tag and Ralston are the only candidates
who have appeared actively in the fight,
but the announcement was made yester
day that the 143 votes of the Nevada
County delegation were pledged solidly
to Mem. and if this proves true the cap
tain may be induced to withdraw his in
tention not to enter the lists. As Nevada
County is conceded to have the power to
either elect or defeat, the result of the
election is thus far possible of only a
dubious forecast.
As between Ralston and Sonntag the
wise ones are giving the best end of the
fight to the latter. Ralston for a time fig
ured as having the solid support of the
Alameda delegation, but the fact became
known that he was attempting to carry
with his own the Interests of E. H. Ben
jamin, who is out for the secretaryship,
and a number of his supporters have gone
over to the Mem and Sonntag lists on that
account. For some reason that cannot be
ascertained there is a general antipathy
to Benjamin among the members of the
association and Ralston's strength has
been greatly weakened by his effort to
carry him through.
This year's session bids fair to be the
warmest the association has seen since it
came into existence. Nearly every big
mine in the State is represented by either
one of its owners or its superintendent,
and they have come down to not only talk
but to work for a number of meas
ures of vital interest to the mining indus
try that have been hanging fire for sev
eral yt-ars.
The mineral lands bill, now before Con
gress, which embodies the old fight of the
miners against the railroad, is to be dis
cussed at length with a view to effecting
some immediate legislation and the asso
ciation is as equally in earnest In its in
tention to prevail upon Congress to create
In the President's Cabinet a department of
mines and mining. Debris dam matters
are also to receive due attention and it is
resolved to have something more than
fine speeches result from the year's ses
sion.
The delegations began to gather yester
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLES
BLACK
Blotches, Yellow, Oily, Mothy
Complexions, Red, Rough Hands,
Shapeless Nails, Itching Palms,
Dry, Thin and Falling Hair and
Simple Baby Humors prevented
by
the most effective skin puri-
fying and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath
and nursery.
Save Your Hair "Warm shampoos 7£
SaVe lour "«»r cu^cura IoAP. fol-
lowed by light dressings with Cutlcura, pur-
eat of emollient skin cures, will clear the scalp
and hair of crusts, scales and dandruff, soothe
irritated and itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicle*, supply tie roots with energy and
nourishment, and thus produce luxuriant hair,
with clean, wholesome scalp, when all else
Save Your skin For golf rash, heat
*?ave YOUr -' IVl "raBh. Inflammations, ir-
ritations chaflngs, undue or offensive perspira-
tion -and other sanative uses, nothing so cool-
Ing soothing, purifying a.id refreshing as a
bath with CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective
skin purifying and . beautifying soap In the
world, as well as purest and sweetest for
toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold throughout the world. Price. CUTICURA
SOAP, 25C CUTICURA (ointment) 50c. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEJI. CORP.. Sole Props.,
Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward st.,
London. Depot FrancaUi. 113 Faubourg St.
Honors, Paris." Send for "Face, Hand* and
Hair" book mailed free. ■
day morning, when the Tuba and Butte
county representatives arrived and put up
at the Lick. W. E. Dur.can Sr. and O. P.
Ormsby of Oroville turned up first, and
announced that there was a train load or
S °Th°ev°*were followed by! a full score
of enthusiastic delegates from old El
Dorado, who, with Thomas Clark at their
head, descended upon the Grand Hotel
and set up headquarters on the first floor.
Among the prominent El Doradans who
arrived were: C. H. Dunton of the Lar
kin mine P. C. Dv Bois of the Germain,
Georee M. Clark, a prominent mining ex
cert- j J. Crawford, formerly of the
Mining' Bureau; E. W. Chapman of the
Taylor mine and Assemblyman R. S.
RR J WEW E Doolittle of the Placer County del
egation arrived during the afternoon and
put up at the Palace, and E. Mallows of
the same district found a stopping place
at the Lick. Senator Voorhies, represent-
ing Amador, arrived in the evening, and
his mining partner, John Tregloan, is ex
pected to-day. The Nevada County crowd
did not get In until the 9 o'clock train ar
rived, and then it did not turn up in its
entirety. Others will be along on the
first train to-day. Those who did get here
were: W. F. Engelbrecht, John Rector,
N. B. Shoecroft, John Spaulding. R. C.
AValrath, J. M. Bufßngton, Colonel Mc-
Bride of San Juan Ridge and Charles
Uren of Grass Valley. W. H. McClintock
came to town as the sole representative of
Tuolumne. but to-day M. Wilmans will be
down with half a dozen others of the dele
gation from Sonora, and they expect to
SPRANG THROUGH A WINDOW.
John Downey, a Horse Trainer, Becomes
Suddenly Insane and Resents Being
Locked Up in a Room.
JOHN DOWNEY, a horse trainer
at the race track, became sud
denly insane yesterday morning,
and is now strapped down in a pad
ded cell at the Receiving Hospital.
Downey lives with, his wife at 982
Howard street. Their rooms are on
the first floor, facing the street. On
Friday night he came home and as
tonished his wife by throwing his
empty purse on the table and telling
her that he had been drugged and
robbed at the race track. After a
while he became rational and admit
ted that he had been backing the
wrong horßes. Saturday night he
seemed all right, except feeling bad
about backing the wrong horse.
Yesterday morning after having
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., MO3SDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1898.
cut a considerable figure In the politics of
the session.
The actual business of the convention
will not begin until to-morrow. To-day
it will be called to order at 10 o'clock at
N. S. G. W. Hall, and the time will be
wholly given up to organization. There
are numerous proxies to be considered,
and the work or the committee on creden
tials will be by no means a small task.
There are two or three voluminous re
ports to be and disposed of, and all
of this matteV is to be cleared away be
fore new matters are even thought of.
It is expected that the election will oc
cur on Tuesday afternoon. The selection
of Mr. Neff's successor is paramount to
all other propositions. Never before has
the association taken so lively an Inter
est in its own politics. The president's
chair has been considered Mr. Neff's so
long as he has cared to sit in it, and to
morrow when the nominations are made
it will be tendered him again. He has al
ready declared, however, that under no
consideration will he accept the proffered
honor, and for the vacancy that he cre
ates there is to be the liveliest sort of
fight. Sonntag is confident; bo is Ralston.
Mem has declined to run, but there are
many who think that as a dark horse he
is the possessor of many fine running
points, and he is looked to furnish a sur
prise and possibly a defeat to both of the
working candidates.
breakfast and while they were pre- ~
paring to gro to church. Downey- be- *
gran to talk and act In such an ex- *
traordlnary manner that his wife £
got scared, and, locking the door on %
him, she went in search of a police- v
man. After she left Downey, find-
ing the door locked, dived through *
the window, carrying the sash with £
him. He alighted on his hands and £
knees, and escaped with a few slight £
cuts on his hands and scalp from the y
broken glass.
His peculiar exit Into the street, >
hatless and coatless, attracted a £
crowd, and as he ran along Howard £
street toward Second he was pur-
sued by about 200 people. His wife
was among those who observed him, *■
and she ran to meet him. As soon %
as phe took hold of him he became £
quiet, and when Policeman Royston *
appeared he went peaceably with him J
to the patrol box and watted until th«
patrol wagon arrived. His wife ac
companied him in the wagon to the
Receiving Hospital. After she left
he became so violent that he had to
be strapped down on his cot.
Downey's hallucination is that his
enemies have been coming from
Hades and giving him wrong tips on
the races, making him lose his
money.
NO SENSATION,
REPRIMAND OR
COURT-MARTIAL
The Fort Baker Inves
tigation Ends.
THE OFFICERS WERE LUCKY
CHARGES NOT BORNE OUT BY
THE EVIDENCE.
Major General Merriam Makes Some
Very Pertinent Remarks Con
cerning the Army x.d Its
General Government.
Major General Merriam has received the
report made by his aid. First Lieutenant
John B. Bennett, concerning the investi
gation that the latter officer has recently
conducted at Fort Baker. The report
went to Major General Merriam yester
day from the office of Adjutant General
Babcock. General Merriam has not yet
himself formally read the document, but
he is acquainted with its contents. No
official action one way or the other has
been taken In regard to this report. When
seen yesterday concerning the report
General Merriam discussed it and its con
tents freely with the representative of
The Call, and made some very pertinent
remarks concerning it. He said:
"I have the report on my desk, but I
have not yet read it, although I know
what is in it. You can say that it con
tains nothing sensational and that there
will be no court-martial. As commander
of this department I am responsible for
Its conduct and discipline, and when as
an officer I think that there has been a
breach of either my punishment will be
swift and without mercy.
"Prior to this investigation a report was
made by a board of officers on the camp
at Fort Baker. It was found to be a
model camp, the sanitary arrangements
excellent and the discipline firm. This
argues in favor of the officers there. I
know that some of the enlisted men are
in the habit of going to the newspapers
and giving tales of woe, but these same
men, when put on the stand and
asked to tell the truth, make
very different statements. The re
ports published in The Call have
been the facts as given b,v the enlisted
men, but these same men have toM very
different accounts under oath, and there
is no evidence to support the charges that
they have given to the newspapers.
"As an old soldier, one who has given
his life to the military profession, I claim
to know what I am talkng about. These
same men who are kicking have never
known the same comforts that they have
in the army. It is because they are be
ing cared for and disciplined as they
should be that they kick. It is contemp
tible for them to go behind their officers
backs and thus seek to attack them.
Much of the trouble that has been pub
lished in the papers regarding the treat
ment of the volunteer troops is the result
of the officers not knowing how to take ]
care of their men. Soldiers in the regular |
army under the strictest discipline do not
grumble because they have the principles
of the soldier ground into them, but the
volunteers have raised howls under iden
tically the same treatment.
"Regarding the reports that Lieutenant
Huie is short in his accounts at Fort
Baker as canteen officer, I desire to say
that such is not the case. His accounts
are correct and perfectly satisfactory to
the department and here the matter ends.
The public will be disappointed if it ex
pects any sensational developments or a
court martial. I shall do what my judg
ment dictates to me is the right thing to
be done, but there 18 nothing in the report
to warrant the punishment of the officers
a "Take for Instance, the grum/ling that
was done when the army was first en
camped here because the men sometimes
did not have supplies. It was because
their officers did not know how to make
out the requisitions for them. The regu
lar army officers here many and many a
night remained up to teach and show
them how to do so. The Government you
know requires that every button shall be
accounted for. and that in the proper way
and with the proper requisitions and
vouchers; and for a quartermaster to
have sent these supplies out without a
proper requisition would have been for
him to Jeopardize his pay for all time to
come. I cite this to show that there are
many things in the army of which the
civilian knows nothing. To be a soldier re
quires a special education. Men give
their lives to it. and when they die much
is left unlearned. You cannot bo a sol
dier in the fullest sense in three
months. . 
"In the army and under the established
laws and regulations made for its gov
ernment an officer knows how to proceed
in all matters, and what the public may
think of him has not a feather's weight
of influence; and I, as the commander of
this department, know how to act prop
erly in this matter, and I intend to do so
without fear or favor."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY 1*
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
CYRANO POSTPONED.
The Great De Bergerac Play Set for
- Tuesday at the Comedy.
Owing? to the ■ elaborate nature of the
preparations, the Comedy Theater man
agement has decided to postpone the pres
entation of Rostand's celebrated play
"Cyrano de . Bergerac" until Tuesday
evening. Manager Ellinghouse has deter
mined that every detail of the production
shall be as •■ perfect as possible, and ow
ing to a slight delay in the arrival of cer
tain accessories has decided 'to give the
company one day's grace. - -
Apropos of the title of the play it is
stated by the erudite that "Cyrano"
should be pronounced crisply, every syl
laole being short, the first syllable "Cyr"
having : the cound ;of "syr" In syrup. It
is common to hear the emphasis erro
neously placed on the middle syllable,
; . , ■ ■'. m , ' :—: — "■ ,• :-,
Dr. Gerald J. iZitzgibbon
Of 21 Powell street having recovered
from his late accident is abla to re
sume practice.
ROTHSCHILDS
BUY MARIPOSA
MINERAL LANDS
Biggest Mining Deal
of Past Decade.
A MILLION IS THE FIGURE
44,000 ACRES OF MINERAL
LANDS TRANSFERRED.
A Deal That Will Mean the Deliver
ance of a County From Cor
porate Greed and In
fluence.
"With the coming of the miners yester
day came news of what is said to be the
biggest deal in mining properties con
summated in California in the last de
cade. By it the Rothschilds may become
the largest owners of mining property in
the State and the State become richer by
upward of a million dollars paid by the
agents of the London capitalists for
complete title to the 44,000 and odd acres
of mineral lands that comprise the old
ilariposa grant.
The agents and experts of the Roths
childs have been for the past year pros
pecting the mother lode from French
Camp to Fresno County, and have paid
particular attention to the Mariposa sec
tion, with the result that about ten
njonths ago they secured an option upon
one-sixth of the big grant, and since that
time have been negotiating with the
Mackay* and Hobart agents for the bal
,ance of the property. A bond has been
issued during the past week, and it Is
expected that work on a large scale will
be soon begun on the many valuable
rn'ning claims that the sale covers.
if the Rothschilds finally decide to
abide by their bond and pay the pur
chase price it will mean the deliverance
of Mariposa County. Ever since history
began in California the Mariposa grant
has been a millstone round the neck of
that section's prosperity. Taking up, as
it does, the larger part of the county, it
was for years non-productive in taxes for
the reason that no improvements of value
were ever erected upon it. Later, when Its
value as a mineral proposition was dis
covered and the large interests that have
Just released it to the London bankers
took hold of it and developed twenty or
more of its prospects, it was found an im
possibility for the citizens of the county
to elect an Assessor that would fix a val
uation on the improvements in any wise
commensurate with their cost. This state
of affairs continued for years. Road work
was stopped for want of funds, and the
county was at a standstill until the voters
rose in their wrath and put in an official
of their own choosing.
The new official worked like a charm.
Assessments were proportionate to
values, and in anticipation of the harvest
men were put to building roads and
mending fences. A new era dawned, and
it continued until it came time for the
groperty-owners to appear before the
oard of Supervisors, sitting as a Board
of Equalizers, and make representations
that their assessments were exorbitant
and prohibitive.
For the same reasons that had actuated
former Assessors, the Supervisors
thought so too, and despite costly mills
and valuable machinery they scaled the
taxes back to the good old figures and
the county went back into its trance.
Enough is known of the plans of the
Rothschilds to warrant the hope that the
new era has actually dawned. Electric
power plants are talked of, and mining
operations on a generous and business
like basis, and the good news of the past ,
fortnight has set the picks ringing and |
pumps working on old shafts all over the
county. .
The Mariposa grant is as rich in his
torical incident as in good red nuggets.
Its original owner was Don Juan Alvara
do who received it as a grant of pasture
land from Manuel Micheltorena, last of
the Mexican Governors. Alvarado "went
broke" before bis cows came home, and
he turned the property over to General
Fremont for a consideration of $3000. The
United States allowed Fremont to so
change the lines of the original grant
that instead of lying on the fertile plains
of the San Joaquin it was broken to pieces
over the points of the high Sierras, and
under the resurvey the Government con
firmed his title.
It took Fremont something like a year
and a hundred men armed with shotguns
to drive the miners from the property,
who had discovered rich diggings there
and reared themselves homes, when he
had succeeded in this he found himself
penniless and with a thousand or so bitter
enemies as assets, and his creditors took
the property.
They made better time down the finan
cial toboggan than Fremont, and the
grant finally passed into the hands of the I
Floods, Mackays and Hobarts, who hung ;
It as a heavy decoration around the neck
of Meriposa County, and Just now the
good people of that section are doing
everything but holding torchlight proces
sions at being finally rid of it, all sava its
history.
"THE AMERICAN ABSALOM."
Dr. Locke Warns the Young Men of
George Alexander's Stripe.
Dr. Charles Edward Locke delivered a
sermon last evening at Central Methodist
Episcopal Church on "The American Ab
salom, or The Fast Young Man and "What
Becomes of Him." based on the life trag
edy of Durie Heithter. The text was II
Samuel x\iil:22. "Is the Young Man Ab
salom safe?" Dr. Locke said in part:
"The young man of to-day Is the product
of ages of developing manliness and ought
to be a masterful giant. There are 7,000,0)0
young men in the United States, and they
are the custodians of the destiny of the
church, the home and the republic.
"I desire to address you concerning the
fast young man and what becomes cif
him. Absalom, King David's handsome
and talented son is a true representation
of the modern young man who rebels
against restraints, who is Irritated by law,
■who doubts and despises religion, and who
believes In nothing and nobody except Ab
salom. Loose habits and evil associates
are mistaken for Independence and influ
ence and the fast young man's progress
In wickedness is alarmingly rapid.
"It is fashionable to be fast. Many sa
tanic sycophants thrive on the extrava
gance and Indulgences of the fast young
man. Crime is licensed; there are open
doors for wrong-doing everywhere, and
the nervous, energetic, enfrenzied, flat
tered young man. deceived into the notion
that he can always hold the mastery over
his tastes and appetites, rushes forward,
applauded and feted by those who are to
gain by his speedy downfall.
"By licensed crime and unenforced laws
the nation is in a conspiracy against the
young men. The pagan juggernaut has
been put aside by an enlightened heathen-
Ism to be adopted by our boasted modern
civilization. In the cruel and diabolical
Invention of the drinking saloon with its
Infernal accessories. I know that the
rum traffic could not exist without the
young men for victims.
"If we would save our American Absa
lom we must legislate in his defense, and
paralyze the strong arms that are now
lifted for his destruction. The Inculcation
of lofty principles and the development
of true character are a young man's best
defense. Let young Absalom be saved
before he revolts; wild oats are not a nec
essity. Remember that the bird -with a
broken pinion never soars as high again."
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
dalle ST¥ S/W/b . st m * lBt
LINENDEPARTMENT!
This week we will offer extraordinary values
in TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE NAPKINS, TABLE
CLOTHS and TOWELS, and ask special attention
to the following lines, all of which are from the
best manufacturers.
62-Inch GERMAN WASHED TABLE DAMASK, good variety of
designs 75° Yard
BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards wide
and -3 yards long 52.50 Each
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards wide
and 3 yards long, beautiful patterns. £ 4.5 0 Each
DAMASK DINNER NAPKINS, 22* inches square, new designs
£2.00 Dozen
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 Inches square, 8
different designs £2.50 Dozen
GERMAN SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, extra heavy, 26 Inches
square, 15 handsome designs £3 .00 Dozen
FULL-SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both hemmed and fringed
£2.00 Dozen
EXTRA SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, Irish manu-
facture £3.00 Dozen
25 LINEN DAMASK TABLE SETS, cloth 3-4x12-4, napkins
3-4x3-4 £6.00 Set
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
HEW OOODB TOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE.
BQWEN
& CD*
New goods arrived for the holi-
day trade :
Keiller sprotter roosebreasts
Imported raisins Jordan almonds
malaga Imported citron
carabona :■?%;£ Leghorn
cleaned currants glace' fruits
pine apple fritters mince meat
■ spiced anchovies live snails
in bulk and kegs from France
Smyrna figs buckwheat flour
dates from Pennsylvania
aDpetitsild Bismarck herrings
German cervdatwurst
We'll be too busy to have a sale
this — want to deliver prompt-
ly air the goods we sell
Some apple ciders are made from
apples — can be sure of it here
—50c gallon ,
If you ever needjpure spices It is
this week
Raisins-nuts-citron-orange peel-
lemon peel-pure brandy-boiled cid-
er-the kind folks come a long way
to,'get-the kind we sell
Imperial} cocktails that usually
sell for 51.25 a bottle are 90c for
three days. They are aged in
glass. Very good
Hickmott's sliced fruits in i-lb
tins — $1 doz — 3 tins 25c
pears peaches
apricots plums
cherries
this price for three days only
Cherries in maraschino grace the
the table and please the palate.
70c bottle — 62^c for three days
Guinness's brown stout and Bass'
pale ale at 1 .60 all week: Wheel
brand— we know it's good
Do you need whiskey? Here
are two famous brands
reg'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 1889 bot $1 25 $1
U; a"-; " " gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1886 bot 150 115
" "j; gal 6 45 °
The new corn has arrived from
Maine. It's almost as good as
though eaten off the cob.
Sea Foam corn \i\c a — $1 50 doz
Sea Foam succotash I2^c — $1 5° ° oz
French sardines in oil-for lunch-
eons roc tin - : "
Tomato catsup is bottled by us-
natural and sweet; you're sure to
like one or the other. Both same
price 1 5c bottle— regularly 20c
Individual tins plum puddings
3 tins 25c
:' We expect some Placer county
ranges to-day
crate of 1 dozen 50c
When you entertain men they
HEW GOODS TOR THE HOUDAT TS/fB.
want cigars and you want them &
have good ones
We've just received freshly j&ade
cigars from Hy Clay, Bock & Co.,
Intimidad and Upmann factories —
new tobacco -'
: Here are some marked down to
reduce a big stock : - j
El Reposo Selectos 25 tn box $*25
Amerigo Vespucci 50 in box 32$
November catalogue free for the asking: . i •
43* Pine 315 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Beware of Imitations
JOHN DUNCAN-a tout, Mum. NW VOM. :
__ . . . "
1898--TIS--11
Notice Is hereby given that the first
Installment of real estate taxes- nd all
unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those who have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATTJR*
DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS. November 25 and
26, from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco. ■ ' ' '. _
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on sale.
Opticians kop a a
642 Market St.
< chronicle building-
we EMPLOY no AGENTS.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodUlns and ipeoirto tonlo
for the sexual - and : urinary orsana of. both
sexes, and a great remedy for dla«aa*« of th»
kidney* . and bladder. A *r*at Ra»toratlv«,
Invlgorator and Nervine. - Sells , »-n iv own
Marlts; no long-winded testimonial* nsocatanr.
NABBK. ALFB& BRUNB, Asents,
,823 Mjirkot street, 1. (Send for Circularno_text