VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 54.
BIG GUNS SOON TO BE
TRAINED ON SAN JUAN
REPLY OF
SHIFTER TO
GEN. GARCIA
Cuban Leader Plainly
Told Some Cold
Facts.
Given Credit for Fighting, But
Informed Santiago Sur
rendered to Uncle Sam.
SANTIAGO, July 22 (via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 2s).
General Shafter has sent the
following letter in reply to
the communication addressed
to him by General Garcia, in
which the Cuban leader com-
plained of the treatment ac
corded to the Cubans and
announced the withdrawal of
his troops from further co
operation with the American s:
I must say that I was very
much surprised at the re
ceipt of your fetter this
morning and regret exceed
ingly that you should regard
yourself in any way slighted
or aggrieved. You will re
member the fact that 1 in
vited you to accompany me
into the town of Santiago to
witness the surrender,
which you declined.
This war, as you know, is
between the United States
and Spain, and it is out of
the question for me to take
any action in regard to your
forces in connection with
the surrender, which was
made solely to the American
army. The policy of my
Government in continuing in
power temporarily persons
occupying offices is one
which 1 am, of course, una
ble to discuss. To show you
the views held by my Gov
ernment I inclose a copy of
instructions received by me
yesterday from the Presi
dent, which appear to cover
everything thatcan possibly
arise in the government of
this territory while it is heid
by the United States.
Full credit has been given
to you and your valiant men
in my report to my Govern
ment,and ! wish to acknowl
edge to you the great and
valuable assistance you
rendered during the cam
paign. 1 regret very much
to know of your determina
tion to withdraw yourself
from this vicinity. I remain,
yours very sincerely,
SHAFTER,
Major General.
General Garoia has withdrawn his
from the vicinity of the cUy.
M'-U-rate Cubans dread the accession
to power of the Cubans as much as
thr " s ; do -M Kinley's procla
mation announcing that property
rights would be respected and law en
forced baa produced a feeling of re
lief among the Spaniards, who feared
a confiscation "f their property. A
preat many Spaniards will remain in
Santi ad of returning to Spain.
Thr. Judges of tho Spanish Court, of
Justice- held a conference upon the
quesuio.i of r<v ognizing the soverelpnty
of the United Sr-itps or resigning, and
desired to consult the Madrid Govern
ment hi the matter. General Shafter
inforrr.-d them that tho Madrid Gov
ernment was powerless in Santiago af
fairs, and the Justices wiM conse
quently resign.
Cuban non-combatants are preparing
The San Francisco Call
THE APPROACHES TO SAN JUAN.
View of the Eastern End of San Juan, Island of Porto Rico, Showing Escambron Landing and San Antonio Bridge, Over Which Passes the
Caguas Road, the Only Wagon Road Leading From the City to the Mainland, With Fort San Antonio on the Left, Fort San Geromino
in the Center and the New Battery Lately Erected on Escambron Point on the Right,. Which Constitute the Immediate Guardians of
These Important Approaches. The Bridge Carrying the Railroad Leading From San Juan Along the Coast to the West as Far as Ca
may Crosses the Water Front Just Beyond the San Antonio Bridge.
YELLOW FEVER'S
VICTIMS IN THE
SIBONEY HOSPITAL
Cases Number a Hundred and
Fifty, but Shafter Says tfya Sit
uation Is Not £Jlarmir)g.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— At midnight the War Department made
public the following dispatch from General Shafter regarding the yel
low fever situation:
Santiago de Cuba, July 23.
Adjutant General, Washington.
The following men died at the yellow fever hospital at Siboney
to-day:
Jack Dongan. civilian.
Bert Louis, bnr.dsman, Seventh Infantry-.
Private Frederick A. Percival. Company F, Thirty-third Michigan.
On the 21st. Sergeant J. Britton, Troop G, First Cavalry.
Wi'llam J. How, teamster.
Patrick Sullivan, Company E, Seventh Infantry.
No deaths at the front have been reported as yet. Complete re
port will b-- sent in the morning. The situation Is not alarming, though
there are many sick with fev< r— about 1.r.00 (tlie exact number will be
given in the morning). Only a small part bf those sick are down with
yellow fever— about 10 per cent, 150 In all. Slight changes of all the
Troops have been rnfide to get them on fresh ground and the artillery
and cavalry have been mdved about three miles.
SHAFTER, Major General Commanding.
i ®®<9®®®®®®®®®@®®®®€
a petition to President McKinley ask
ing the removal of Spanish office-bold-
They say tht't the Cubans were
j struggling for liberty when the Ameri
cana Intervened to expel the Spanish!
: hence all the Spanish authorities
y,h< )'.:;<! be excluded.
<;>:i";;i] Leonard Wood of (he Rough
Riders has been appointed Military
■ rnor of Santiago. With th»» excep
! tion of a few encounters in the suburbs
! the city is quiet. Shops are opening
i and business generally Is picking up.
The Spaniards, both soldiery and civil
: ians, bear no animosity toward the
Americana, but they speak very bit
terly of the Cubans.
! GARCIA DID NOT
WRITE THE LETTER
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 23.— 1t
now turns out that the letter alleged
to have been addressed by General
Garcia to General Sh.-tfter complaining
of the treatment accorded to the Cu
bans and adv:sin~ General Shafter of
General Garcia's resignation, was pre
pared by a newspaper correspondent
named Arms, who has been acting on
the staff of General Castll >. It is not
clear that General Garcia ever saw the
letter.
GENERAL BROOKE OFF
FOR PORTO RICO
CHICKAMATTGA MILITARY PARK,
Term., July 23. — General Brooke and
ntaff left this afternoon on a special
train for Newport News, whence they
go to Porto Rico. The deparf"-e of
General Brooke leaves Major General
Wade in command of Camp Thomas.
At an early hour to-day the Reserve
Hospital Corps, Reserve Ambulance
Corps, the Signal Corps, Troop H of the
Sixth United States Cavalry and Com
pany F, Eighth United States In
fantry, left on special trains for New
, port News. To-morrow morning four
light batteries of artillery, A of Ilfinois,
B of Pennsylvania, A of Missouri and
the Twenty-seventh Indiana will leave
for Newport News. The whole of the
First Corps, with the exception of the
two brigades of the first division, which
are now en route, leaves next week for
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY. JULY 24, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
! Porto Rico. The regimenta are the
' Fifth Illinois, Third Wisconsin First
Kentucky, Sixteenth Pennsylvania
Second Wisconsin, Third Kentucky
j Thirty-first Michigan, One Hundred
and Sixtieth- Indiana, First Georgia
Sixth Ohio, One Hundred and Pifty
; eighth Indiana, First RTest Virginia
; Second nhio, First Pennsylvania,
I Fourteenth Minnesota, Seventeenth
Minnesota, First South Carolina, Fifth
Pennsylvania, Eighth Massachusetts,
I Twenty-first Kansas, Twelfth New
Fork, Ninth Pennsylvania^ Second
Missouri and First Nevr Hampshire.
It is announced here that imme
diately after the several corps have
left Chickamauga Park *he organlza
! tion of the Sixth Corps, to be com
manded by Major General James H.
; Wilson, will be b"gun and completed!
| The corps will consist of twenty-seven
regiment* from the second call for
volunteers, numbering In all 30,000.
FIVE TROOPS OF
CAVALRY TO BE SENT
WASHINGTON, July 23. — Five
troops of cavalry at Camp Alger, Va.,
have been ordered to proceed to New
port News for embarkation on trans
ports for Porto Rico, to reinforce Gen
eral Miles. They will lea\ r e, if prac
ticable, with General Halnes' brigade.
The troops sent are all famous ones in
their section, the list being Troops A
and C of New York Cavalry, the Gov
ernor's Troop. Sheridan's troop and the
Philadelphia City Troop of Pennsyl
vania.
ROGERS' BRIGADE
IS ON THE WAY
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The War
Department to-night received the fol
lowing:
PORT TAMPA, Fla., July 23.—Adju
tant General, Washington: The trans
ports Arkaum, Whitney, Miller, FlotilCa
and Chorokec, with General Schwan's
headquarters, aailed between 10 and 12:30
o'clock to-day with two light batteries
Seventh Artillery, one troop Second Cav
ary, two companies Eleventh Infantry,
full regiment Nineteenth Ir.fanlry alia
two ■octlons of the general packtraln.
NO RESISTANCE
AT GUANTANAMO
..WASHINGTON,; July Xl >Tbe
War Department to-nlgnt received
tho . ' following from General
Shafter: m - . ■
1 "SANTIAGO DE -CUBA, -July
23, t! p. m.— Headquarters . Fifth
Army Corps, Santiago de Cuba,
July 23.— Adjutant General, Wash
ington, D. C.: A colonel 5 of engi
neers from the Spanish army has
just arrived from Guantanamo. He
heard from the French Consul
there that Santiago had surren
dered and that they had been in
cluded. Not crediting it, he was
sent here to verify tho fact. They
will be very glad to accept the
terms of surrender. They are very
short of rations, and I shall have
to begin feeding them at once.
He tells me there are COOO men at
that place. Am now feeding 6000
well prisoners here and H'Oo sick in
hospital. Expect 2000 men in to
morrow from San Luis and
Palmas. Will send an officer to
morrow or next day with one of
General Toral's to receive the sur
render at Guantanamo, and then
go to Sagua and Baracoa to re
ceive the surrender there. Think
the - number of . prisoners will be
fully up to the estimate— or
23,000. SHAFTER,
Major General Commanding.
i
The Mohawk, which can easily overtake j
these boats, car.not Fall before 10 o'clock
to-morrow. It will carry ten companies
of the eleventh infantry, about 600 pack
animal?, the brigade ambulance train and
Bed Cross ambulances.
JOHN I. ROGERS,
Brigadier General Volunteers, Senior Oi
ficer at Port Tampa,
SPANIARDS PREPARE
TO OFFER RESISTANCE
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., July 23.— The
Spaniards at San Juan de Porto Rico
are making extensive preparations to
resist an anticipated attack on the part
Of the CTnited States warships, which
are underptood to be escorting the
army of invasion commanded by Gene
ral Miles. There were no signs this
mornint,' of the American warships or
ports, but news of them is ex
pected Bhortly.
MILES' EXPEDITION
IN MOMA PASSAGE
"WASHINGTON, July 23.— General
Miles' ftxpeditipn, In all probability, is
now in the Mona passage between
Hayti and Porto Rico and will be In
sight of the landing point in the morn
ing. While this is the expectation of
Secretary Alger, for prudential rea
sons, the War Department declines to
make any comment as to the accur
acy of the various guesses that have
been made in the effort to ascertain
just what point has been selected for
the landing place. There is likely to be
a lapse of a day or two between the
arrival of the expedition and the notifi
cation of the fact to the department,
unless some merchant vessel crossing
to St. Thomas phould sight the Ameri
can flotilla, —fter that, however, the
department will be in the closest com
munication with General Miles, for it
will possess Itself of a cable connect
ing General Miles" headquarters di
rectly with the department. Some
parts of the Porto Rico expedition have
been delayed for a few days beyond
the dates fixed for their departure, but
In view of the difficulties of handling
large bodies of men and the suppUeti
for them, this is not surprising. Thus
Shw fin's troops got away only to-day
from Tampa, though it was believed
they started yesterday, while the most
numerous detachment of the whole ex
pedition, the First Division, under
General Brooke, will not 1 abl« to
PREFER ANNEXATION
TO CUBAN REPUBLIC
Madrid Merchants and Others
Having* Interests on the Island
Favor Rule by Uncle Sam.
LONDON. July 24. — A special dispatch from Madrid says: Mer
chants and others having Cuban interests assert that their correspon
dents write that all seem to prefer annexation to the United States to
independence, fearing th« vengeance of the Separatists if the Ameri
cans do not remain to protect life and property in the islands.
Senor Dupuy de Lome says the split between the Americans and
the insurgents offers the best opportunity for peace that has occurred
since the destruction of Admirpl Cervera's fleet.
The Madrid correspondent of the Observer says the condition of
the Government is now most critical, and that the authorities are de
voting all their attention to preventing a revolution and safeguarding
the dynasty. The -Government offers the 8000 officers of the army in
Cuba employment immediately upon their return to Spain, with the
object of removing their opposition to the establishment of peace.
MADRID, July 23.— General Polavieja had a long conference to
day with the Queen Regent. The strictest reserve is maintained as
to its purport.
clear from Newport News before Mon
day. .1 It is believed that they will
arrive at Porto Rico in good season,
and it will certainly facilitate an or
derly and comfortable landing of tho
troops to have them land in detach
ments instead of in one vast army, as
In the case of Shafter's army at San
tiago.
WARSHIPS ON- THE
WAY TO PORTO RICO
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Qonlon Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, July 23.— |
Four large American warships wore
sighted off the harbor at 6 o'clock last i
evening. They were going in the direc
tion of Porto Rico. The German bark
Carl, Captain Vols, arrived here to
day. Her commander reports that he
saw eight American, warship? lasi
nitrht at 9 o'clock off the coast of j
Hayti. He had a flashlight on his ship, j
and tried to make out the names of the i
Americans, but they were too far away. !
NO REPORT ON THE
ALLEGED TREACHERY
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Doubt Is
cast upon reports of recent exciting
events among the Cubans at or near
Santiago, owing to the failure of Gen
eral Shafter to make any report upon
them, and inasmuch ar» he has made
less important subjects matter of dis
patches, it Is hard to understand why
he should fall to mention an event of
such importance as the reported attacK
by Garcia upon Spanish troops on t^eir
way to surrender to Shafter. T
was no health report received t. ">m
Shafter to-day; but, so far from being
discouraging, this is believed to indi
cate the continuance of the improved
condition reported yesterday and the
day before as to the health of the
camp.
The War Department Is now, while
keeping a close watch upon General
Miles' expedition, looking with interest
for detailed reports from Genera! Shaf
ter telling of the engagement preceding
the leading up to the surrender of San
tiago. It was reported io-.lay that Col
onel J. J. Astor of Shafter'H staff was
due in Washington, bringing with him
the full capitulations signed by the
commissioners, and It wan expected
that Shafter's preceding reports would
accompany them. However, up to the
close of official hours, which to-day, to
the relief of the hard-worked clerks,
was 3 o'clock, for the first time in many
months, the officer did not appear, and
the department does not know where
he Is.
It is stated positively at the War
Department that the letter which Gen
eral Garcia is represented to ha c ad
dressed to General Shafter, announcing
his withdrawal from further co-opera
tion with the American troops, has not
yet reached the War Department. The
officials are inclined to believe th.tt if
the letter really exists— and of that
they have litUe doubt— it will reach
Washington only throuph the mails
from Santiago.
SICK AND WOUNDED
* IN CUBAN CAMPAIGN
burgeon .drown Gives a Statement of
Condition of Men Brought on
the Olivette.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The War
Department has receivod from Acting
Surgeon Henry L. Brown, in charge of
the ship Olivette, a list of the patients
transported on board that - essel from
Santiago to New York, with r state
ment of the diagnosis and condition of
each person. The patients have been
distributed in various hospitals in and
around New York. The more serious
cases given are as follows:
Typhoid fever, serious— Second In
fantry, Lieutenant William M. Fiscus.
Typhoid fever, not serious— First
Cavalry. Private Carl G. Doustad.
First United States Volunteer Cavalry,
Privates Dave A. Hadden and Walter
S. Beebe. Third Infantry. Private John
Carlson. Tenth Infantry. Private Gre
gario G. Losano. Twenty-first In
fantry, Private Jacob Rable. Sixth In
fantry, Private George Sager. Second
Massachusetts Infantry, Private George
Bennett.
Wounded, serious — First United
States Volunteer Cavalry, Major Alex
O. Brodie. Second Lieutenant Horace
K. Devereaux, Captain James H. Mr-
CUntook, Sergeant S. J. Cline. Stephen
A. Pate. Private Norman Orme. Sev
enteenth Infantry, Privates Richard F
Brewer, Frederick Danielson, George
Doorwarth. Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Corporal David Helden. First Cavalry
Captain T. Knox, Private John T. HllY
Tenth Cavalry, Privates Samuel Redd!
Luther D. Gould. First Infantry, Pri
vate Frank E. Morris. Fourth Infantry,
Privates Peter Bergman, Bert Smith.
Sixteenth Infantry, Privates Frederick
Zietz, Joseph Bailey. Third Cavalry,
Private Milton Althouse. Seventeenth
Infantry, Privates Adolph Meyer,
Adolph Mahack, James B. Riley. Ninth '
Infantry, Captain Morten J. Henry.
Tenth Infantry, Sergeant Willis H.
Parker, Private Walter E. Reynolds.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARTILLERY
TO PLAY A
BIG PART
Will Sot Slaughter
Men in Porto Rico
Campaign.
Gen. Miles Does Not Intend
to Use Infantry Until Forti
fications Are Reduced.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald telegraphs: The
quantity of artillery taken to
Porto Rico by General Miles and
the character of the materials
called for by him strongly sug
gest the kind of campaign that
will be carried on in Porto Rico.
It is to be an artillery fight,
and the plan was to-day outlined
to me by an official high in au
thority on this basis. That offi
cial, who stands near to the Sec
retary of War, pointed out on a
birdseye view map of San Juan
and vicinity, just prepared for
the use of the War Department,
that artillery would be put on the
many hills commanding the city,
fortifications and harbor. This
will be done at leisure, and effec
tively.
Meanwhile the fleet of Admiral
Sampson will take its position
off shore. The official added
that it would not be infantry
charging up the heights before
an entrenched city, but the shell
ing of a city that would be be
low e*very point occupied by our
troops. The city of San Juan is
situated on an island, and separ
ated from the mainland by a very
narrow arm of the sea, over
which there are three bridges, re
spectively for railroad trains,
trolley cars and wagons.
It is expected that the.se three
bridges will be destroyed by the
Spaniards. After the reduction
of the city, however, by the shore
batteries and fleet pile-drivers
and piles and mechanics will be
brought into use for replacing
the bridges, and for the first time
the infantry will then take part.
It is not thought the infantry will
have any heavy work to do, as
it will be comparatively an easy
task to march into the city, which
will probably have already sur
rendered, and occupy it.
It is probable that official cable
dispatches from General Miles
will be infrequent and much de
layed. Not only have the cables
touching at Porto Rico been cut,
but the St. Thomas cables, which
are nearest, are subsidized by
Spain and will not carry United
States Government messages.
The nearest points from which
cablegrams can be sent are Mar
tinique and Porto Plata, San Do
mingo.
LESS SERIOUS THAN
MIGHT BE EXPECTED
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The War
Department authorities say the yellow
fever situation among the troops, as
shown by to-night's dispatch, is less
serious than they had expected. With
27,000 men before Santiago the officials
say that with the conditions considered
the proportion of victims and of the
pick is less than might have been ex
pected. Adjutant General Corbln said
to-night that the men were largely af
fected by exhaustion and over-expos
ure.
"There is not," he said, "one regi
ment that is not infected, and for that
reason none of the men from the com
mand at Santiago will be taken on the
Porto Rlcan expedition."2
FAMILY DINNER THAT
COST FIVE MILLION.
NEW YORK, July 23.— A dispatch to the Herald from Pittsburg
says: Pittsburg has the distinction of having had the most expensive
dinner ever given in this country, perhaps in the world. In round fig
ures that feast cost its host $5,000,000. The home of Charles Lockhart
was the scene of this dinner. Mr. Lockhart is a Standard Oil magnate
and his wealth runs into more than .any five other millionaires in this
city. Mr. Lockhart has been slightly indisposed, and one evening
about a week ago he arranged for a little family reunion. Mr. Lock
hart has five children, two sons and three daughters. The five chil
dren and other members of the family were present at the dinner in
question, and when they lifted the plates set before them the two sons
and three daughters each discovered thereunder a certified check for
$1,000,000, and as there were five checks the total was $5,000,000.
CAUSES FUN
FOR FRANCE
Paris Newspapers onthe
Cuban Dissension.
THINK IT VERY AMUSING
PREDICT TROUBLE FOR UNCLE
SAM FROM NATIVES.
An Insinuation Made That Discord
Came After Insurgents De
manded Some of the
Chestnuts.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 23.— America's diffi
culties with the insurgents in Cuba
and the Philippines are causing some
amusement here. The Debats last
night and the Matin this morning had
articles on the situation. The Gaulois
also says that the Cubans and Ameri
cans are not far from being at logger
heads. The Debats says that in the
Philippines Admiral Dewey refrains
from bombarding Manila until the
American troops arrive so as not to
leave the place to the tender mercies
of the insurgents. As Aguinaldo re
plies to this by coquetting with the
Germans, Spain appreciates the situa
tion by authorizing Augusti to treat
with the rebels and "so bring the in
surrection as quickly as possible to an
end." In the meantime Aguinaldo tries
to form the semblance of a Govern
ment, and is certain that if the United
States do no satisfy the aspirations of
the Philippines they will have to fight
the insurgents just as the Spaniards
have to.
The Debats says it is in Cuba that
the deceptions have been the greatest,
and that it is there the awakening has
been most rude. Far from the Cubans
being a sort of colonists rebelling
against the oppression of the Spanish
'King Gf-nrge, " it is found they are
people who find rebellion easier than
working. The Matin finds that the
dissensions with the Cubans supplies a
comic quality lacking hitherto. The
Americans, it says, have discovered the
Cubans are not worth a drop of their
blood.
The extraordinary thing, it adds,
dryly, is that they make this dis
covery just at the moment when the
Cubans, having helped pull the chest
nuts out of ;he fire, are timidly urging
their right to eat some of them.
"Th^y are to be pitied," says the
Matin. "AmTicans thought they were
ting in a humanitarian cause, that
they v, •■!•■ avenging oppression and
were to give Cuba hf-r independence,
while in Bpite of themselves they find
they are pimple conquerors."
As to the Gaulois, it attributes the
nsion i" the Americans' dislike of
th° people of the colonies, and con
clude? that Spain and the United States
will sign peace and will unite in dis
paraging Aguinaldo and the Tagals
and Maximo Oomoz and the Cubans.
M'KINLEY'S LETTER
TO GENERAL GORDON
The President Tells How the War
Has Served to Obliterate Any-
Sectional Lines.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Prpsldent
MrKinl'-y has sent the following let
ter to General John B. Gordon, In re
sponse to the resolutions adopted by the
Confederate Veterans' Association, In ses
sion at Atlanta, Ga.:
Executive Mansion.
WASHINGTON, July 23. 1898.
Hon. John B. Gordon, Commander-in-Chlef
Vnlt-d Confederate Veterans, Atlanta, Ga.—
Dear General Gordon: Your recent telegram
In behalf of the United Confederate Veterans
was very welcome and I would have written
before in acknowledgement except for the un
usual demands upon my time. The war lias
certainly served one very useful purpose in
mpletely obliterating the f-ectional lines
drawn in the last . one. The response to the
nation's call to arms has been equally, spon
taneous and patriotic in all parts of the coun
try. Veterans of the pray as well as of the
blue are now fighting Fide by side, winning
equal honor and renown. Their brave deeds
and the unequaled triumphs of our army and
navy have received the gratitude of the people
of the United States. To have such a hearty
commendation from yourself and your col
leagues of the work of this administration in
the cpnduct of the war and the pledge of what
ever support may be needed to help in bring
in;r It to a successful completion Is indeed most
gratifying and I thank you especially for the
frank and cordial expression of the resolu
tions passed and forwarded to me. With very
kind regards, I am, sincerely yours,
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
HOSPITAL SHIP
RELIEF ARRIVES
Brings One Hundred and Twenty-
Five Sick and Wounded Offi
cers and Soldiers From
Siboney.
NEW YORK, July 23.— United
States hospital ship Relief arrived at
quarantine this afternoon from Sibo
ney, with 125 sick . and wounded offi
cers and soldiers on board. During the
twenty-one days that the Relief has
been in commission she has received
on board 2G5 sick and wounded sol
diers; of this number thirteen have
died and a large number have been
transferred to the Seneca, . Solace and
Hudson. Out of the 125 men on board
the Relief, there are only about five
dangerously wounded.
-»■
THROWN FROM A TANDEM.
Napa Business Man Succumbs to His
Injuries.
SUISUN, July 23.— Dorman B. Per
kins, who, la company with Louis Hil
born, was thrown from a tandem bi
cycle on the morning of .Tuly 11, while
returning from Napa, died to-day from
his injuries. Mr. Perkins was c-ne of
Suisun's most prominent business men.
He was a son of Ed Perkins, a well
known politician of this Fection of the
State and a candidate for Sheriff of
Solano County on the Republican
ticket.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or rlthout removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
KAYS CHOSEN
TO ARBITRATE
Named as Los Angeles'
Representative.
WATER FIGHT'S NEW PHASE
THREE MEN TO DECIDE THE
PURCHASE PRICE.
The Appointee an ex-Treasurer of
the City and a Man of Wealth
and Unquestioned
Integrity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 23.— At last
after much juggling and a great deal
of useless and unnecessary by-play, the
city has named its arbitrator under the
water company's contract, who is to
act with the arbitrator of the corpora
tion to fix the value of the company's
improvements to the water distributing
plant which it leased from the city
thirty years ago yesterday.
The arbitrator named by the City
Council to-day is James C. Kays, ex
city treasurer, ex-sheriff of the county
and at present a member of the Board
of Trustees of Highlands Asylum, ap
pointed by Governor Budd. Kays is a
Democrat, and, in order to secure his
appointment, four Democratic members
of the council combined with one Re
publican and Kays got five of the nine
votes in the council. A strong endeavor
was made by a certain element in the
community to have J. S. Slauson, the
retired capitalist, named, but the
scheme failed because Councilman
Blanchard refused to stay with the Re
publican majority.
The appointment of Kays was a
great surprise, but he is a citizen of
unquestioned integrity and a man of
wealth.
When the Council met with the
water company's directors this morn
ing the city made a formal tender of
$1,000,000 for the water company's plant,
which was refused. The City Attorney
then presented an ordinance which pro
vided for arbitration. The ordinance
had been shown to a number of Coun
cilmen before it was presented. These
Councilmen claim that when they saw
the measure it provided that the Coun
cil at once proceed to the appointment
of an arbitrator, but when it was read
in the Council chamber it had been
changed so as to provide for the ap
pointment of an arbitrator on Mcmday.
Councilman E. L. Hutchinson ob
jected to this and claimed that an at
tempt was being made to work in a
job. The scheme was really put up by
friends of Slauson to gain time, so that
one more vote could be secured for
him, which was essential to obtain his
appointment. It was thought th;it
Councilman Blanchard could be won
over to Slauson by Monday, but by a
vote of 5 to 4 the ordinance was
changed to provide for the appointment
of an arbitrator at once, and by the
same vote Kays was elected. Compen
sation was fixed at $25 a day. The
Council also provided that the city pay
its half of all expenses of the arbitra
tion.
The clique that heretofore has bc^en
dictating a.ll moves made in the Council
in the direction of municipal ownership
is now in the minority. What the result
will be no one seems to know, but there
is a general feeling that whatever is
done cannot be worse than the inactiv
ity of the past five months.
NO ADVANCES YET
TOWARD PEACE
And Premier Sagasta Anxious to
Have It Understood He Has
Not Been Interviewed.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISOS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 23.— T0-night a para
graph is published in all the papers
stating that Premier Sagasta his given
no interviews to any correspondents.
This is to deny any possible interview
which may have been manufactured
out of a few words the President of
the Council spoke with a representa
tive of American journalism, which he
fears may be construed into an inter
view which he has not given.
The Government understands the
country and has stemmed the tide of
Carlism by its active measures. There
are absolutely no advances toward
peace. French and English newspapers
are wildly at sea and shipwrecked ut
terly in their prognostications.
Spanish Sloop Captured.
KEY WEST, July 23.— The torpedo
boat Cushlng, which left here yester
day with dispatches for the blockading
squadron, returned this evening, bring
ing Lieutenant Colonel Rebalcava of
Brigadier General Roja's division of
the insurgent army, now operating in
Matanzas province. Colonel Rebalcava
left here about a week ago on the tug
Uncas with a small expedition carry
ing a quantity of rifles, food and cloth
ing. A landing was effected near Car
denas without difficulty. On Thursday
last the Mangrove captured the Span
ish sloop Alguldita, off Boca de Sagua,
fifteen miles from Cruz del Padro. The
sloop carried a crew of four men, who,
at sight of the approaching gunboat,
leaped overboard and swam to the
shore. The cargo consisted of dyewood,
a small lot of food supplies and $25 in
Spanish silver. She will be brought
here by the Uncas to-morrow.
Crushed by an Elevator.
SAN DIEGO, July 23.— George Foster,
a prominent business man, met sudden
death this afternoon. He was a mem
ber of the firm of Bradley & Foster,
proprietors of the Santa Fe House.
He went into the basement of the ele
vator shaft to draw some wine from a
cask. While there the elevator came
down and struck him on the head,
breaking his neck. The elevator boy
heard no sound and knew nothing of
the accident until Foster's body was
found a half-hour after the accident.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
MAP OF THE ISLAND OF PORTO RICO,
Showing trje Several Ports and Principal Cities and Towns, and the Roads and Rail
roads Connecting Thero; With the Landing Places Chjosen for the Three Expedi
tions Under Generals Miles, Wilson and Brooke, Now En Route for the Conquest
of the Island.
HIS BODY TORN
BY DYNAMITE
Horrible Suicide of a
Rancher.
MOUNTAIN VlE**' TRAGEDY
VICTIM'S BODY BLOWN TO
PIECES.
Series of Explosions Wrecks His
Cabin and Fire Completes
the WorK of
Destruction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 23.— Crazed by
drink Charles Ityde-11, a rancher near
Mountain View, blew himself to pieces
with dynamite this morning. His sui
cidal act was one of the most horrible
recorded in this county.
Rydell had been drinking heavily for
several days. Between 7 and 8 o'clock
this morning neighbors were attracted
to his cabin by a heavy explosion.
When they drew near the cabin Rydell
stuck his head out of the door and told
them not to come near. He said:
"I am just touching off a few of these
things; I've got plenty of them. If you
don't keep away you'll get hurt."
The onlookers stepped back, and just
then there was a terrific explosion that
' shook the cabin from its foundations.
' A dozen or so more explosions fol
; lowed and the cabin caught fire. The
| neighbors were afraid to go near to
1 check the flames because of the explo
sions, and the structure and its con
t- ins were destroyed.
After the whole had been reduced to
' ashes the remains of Rydell were
; found. The arms and legs had been
! burned from the trunk. The head,
! which evidently had been blown to
I pieces by the dynamite, was nowhere
i to be found.
.It. is thought that Rydell placed a
; cap in a stick of dynamite and explod
ed it with a fuse. When he spoke to
j people who were attracted to the cabin
he had the appearance of a wild man.
Scattered about on the floor was $124
in stiver.
Rydell had resided near Mountain
View about two years. He owned six
acres and was engaged in clearing off
the land. He had dynamite in the
house for splitting wood, and it was
this he used in his own destruction.
He was a native of Sweden, unmarried
and about 60 years of age.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Important Forestry Appoint
ments Made for California
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The fol
lowing Pacific Coast men have
been given forestry appointments:
Forest supervisors, $5 a day — N. Lan
gell, of Jacksonville, Or.; Warren D.
Kobbins, of Grangeville, Idaho; W. H.
Durfur, of Oregon. Forest rangers,
$50 a month— Sidney Scott, of Eugene,
Or., M. D. Markham, of Forest Grove,
Or.; Max Schulplus, of Oregon City,
Or.; Z. A. Davis, of Eugene, Or.;
George Petrequin, of Roseburg, Or.;
Frank Allen, of California; Benjamin
Huntington, of Oregon; William Isaac
Lacey, of Independence, Or.; Charles
M. Paine, of California; Glen C. Shep
ard, of Los Angeles, Cal. Assistant
special forest agents for California na
tional parks at $4 per day— Archie C.
Leonard, of Wawona, Cal.; Joel J.
Westfall, of Yosemlte, Cal.; Charles T.
Leidig, of Yosemite, Cal.; Arthur L.
Thurman, of Yosemlte, Cal.; George R.
Byde, of Wawona, Cal.; Henry A.
Skelton, of Wawona, Cal. At $3 20 per
day — George G. Mackenzie, of Ray
mond, CaL; Joseph R. Borden, of Bor
den, Cal.; Thomas S. Carter, of Ray
mond, Cal.; Darwin S. Lewis, of Ray
mond, Cal.; David Lockton, of Ray
i mond, Cal.
Pensions have been granted as fol-
lows:
California: Original— Daniel Mangan,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $12; Charles A.
Paulson, Sausalito. $12; Isaac Peel. Los
Angeles, $8; Francis H. Woodward,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Edward
Fitzgerald, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12;
Hugh Curran, Freeport, $6; Robert H.
v> illiams, Pasadena. $S. Increase —
Thomas Mead, Soldiers' Home, Loa
Angeles, $12 to $17; James McMurray,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6 to $12.
Reissue and increase — Adolph Daske,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6 to $12.
Original widow, etc.— Minors of Rich
ard H. Weber, Fulton, $18.
Oregon: Original — Jeremiah Hunt
ley, Gold Beach, :8. Increase — William
Etters, Perk Place, $6 to $12.
Washington: Increase— Emiles Pom
eroy, Centralla, $12 to $17.
BABES CRUELLY
PUT TO DETAH
Murdered by Heartless
Fiends.
BODIES OF SEVEN FOUND
CRIMES UNEARTHED IN THE
HEART OF BOSTON.
Gag Tied Over the Mouth of One of
the Little Victims, While
Others Were Black From
Strangulation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, July 23.— Boston is horri
fied at the grew&orae discovery of
wholesale infanticide In the heart of
the city. The bodies, of isix infants
were discovered in a vicajax lot at the
corner of 11 >gers avenue and Leon
street, Roxbury, at 5 o'clock on Friday
morning, and another was found to
day. The bodies were lying in an open
field, without any protection from the
elements. The police have been unable
to ascertain when they ' v^re placed in
the field or by whom. A searching in
vestigation is being made.
The bodies were found by Mrs. Kin
nahan. She took some ashes to sift in
a vacant lot. On entering the field she
noticed a bundle wrapped in cotton
rloth. She investigated, and found the
bundle contained a dead child.
The police at once began to investi
gate, and the bodies of five more babies
were found in close proximity to the
first. All were wrapped up in the same
way, and apparently had come from
the same place. Medical Examiner
Draper was notified, and made an ex
amination. None appear to have been
dead a great while.
A thorough search of suspicious
houses in the neighborhood is being
made by the police. The details of the
awful discovery are sickening. A gag
was tied over the mouth of one of the
murdered infants, and the other's faces
were black from strangulation. There
were also evidences of poisoning, and
the corpses had been covered with
quicklime to hasten decomposition.
An officer found the body of another
infant, apparently only !• few hours
old, on a sidewalk in Tront ct 381
Northampton street this morning. It
was wrapped in a piece of black cloth.
Would Annul the Contract.
NEW YORK, July 23.— George Os
good to-day brought suit in the
Supreme Court against the Compania
Trans-Atlantlca Espanola, J. M. Ca
ballos. agent, who, in behalf of the
Spanish line, made the bid for trans
porting 25,000 defeated Dons from San
tiago to Spain at $55 for officers and
$20 for enlisted men. The suit is to
annul the contract the quartermas
ter's department made with the en
emy's steamship, company. The
ground for the suit is that the contract
is against public policy and gives aid
and comfort to the enemy of the
United States. Technically, Mr. Lord
sues for $100,000 damages, but the real
object is to effect the annulment of the
contract.
TWO LEADERS SHOT DEAD.
Members of a Kentucky Faction Fail
to Heed Warning of the
Enemy.
MTDDLESBORO, Ky., July 23.— The
White-Howard-Baker feud in Clay
County, Kentucky which was thought to
be at an end, has been renewed. Word
has been received here that John Baker
and Charles Clarke, leaders of the Baker
faction, have been shot from ambush
and their dead • bodies riddled with bul
lets. • .•■.-•■.. .
Baker and Clarke went to Manchester,
the county seat, where the members of
the White-Howard faction live. They
had been repeatedly warned by their ene
mies not to come, but -regardless of the
warning they entered the town. .
They started to return to their country
home, but were warned by friends not
to go back by the county road but
to make a detour , through tne woods, as
danger was scented. ..They insisted that
they were able to protect themselves,- as
both were heavily armed, but they had
traveled less than a mile when they were
unhorsed by a volley of bullets, both be
ing instantly killed.
•>. — .
THREE MEN KILLED
BY CAVING EARTH
PRESCOTT, Ariz., July 24.— A cave-In
occurred at the United Verde copper
mine this morning, causing the destruc
tion of the assay office and part of the
foundry on the surface. E. W. Johnson,
civil engineer, a nephew of W. A. Clark,
the owner of the mine; C. E. Beveredge,
the assayer, and a laborer named Larson
were killed. A mining expert from New
York whose name is not known, was
seriously, probably fatally, injured. Su
perintendent Giroux, whose office is in
the assay building, had just left when
the building 1 collapsed.
MINES IN SAN
DIEGO HARBOR
Sailing Craft Must Be
Cautious.
CUTTER CORWIN ON GUARD
ITS STEAM LAUNCH ACTS AS
PILOT-BOAT.
Lights at Point Loma and the En
trance to the Harbor in Use for
the First Time Since
War Began.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, July 23.— 8y order of
the Lighthouse Board, the lights at
Point Loma and Ballast Point, together
with the beacon lights marking the
channel into San Diego harbor, have
been lighted, and in future will be used
as heretofore until further orders, so
that vessels bound to this port may en
ter and depart during the night as well
as by day. The mines will, however,
remain down and the electric current
turned on after 8 p. m.
Due caution must be used by the
masters of vessels drawing over five
feet of water when approaching the
mine fields so as to pass between all
the mine buoys. During the day th#
buoys are easily distinguished, but ar
night they cannot be st-t-n, as they are
not supplied with lanterns. To over
come this difficulty, the steam patroling
launch of the auxiliary cruiser Corwin
will be sent to the mine fields as here
tofore promptly at 8 p. m., and will take
up a position in the channel in close
proximity to the sunken mines. A red
light, visible all amund the horizon,
will be displayed by her during the en
tire night, BO that friendly vessels en
tering or leaving the harbor may have
some indication of the position of the
dangerous ground.
Vessels upon arriving abreast of the
red light will be piloted through the
channel by the officer in charge, who
will point out the safe cou'-Sf. by going
ahead of the vessel until the water re
served for the enemy has been passed.
This plan has bo e :n adopted in order
that our own commerce as well as that
of neutrals may no longer be menaced
by these dnn serous obstructions.
On the niprht of the 15th inst., while
at anchor off Ballast Point, the United
States steamer Corwin captured the
junk Acme of San Diego for running
over the mine fields. She was heavily
laden with guano, and was drawing six
feet of water. Her master was taken
on board the Com in and the junk sent
to the city and tied up at the Custom
house dock. The work of the Corwin in
guarding the entrance to the harbor,
together with the mines planted by the
engineers of the army, is appreciated
by the people of San Diego, who are
in constant dread of the arrival of
some Spanish gunboat or privateer
which may be lurking in some South
American port. Already eleven vessels
have been seized and laid up for viola
tion of the harbor regulations.
At the Tennis Tourney.
CHICAGO, July 23.— The finals in the
doubles and the remaining semi-finals in
singles were played to-day at the West
ern championship tennis tournament.
Ward and Davta of Harvard defeated
Bond and Collins in the doubles finals.
Summaries:
Finals in doubles— Ward and Davis defeated
Bond and Coll ins. 6-2. 6-4. 6-4.
Semi-finals in singles— Beldert defeated
Wrt'nn, fi-2. K-3.
The championship in the consolation dou
bles went to CondM and McKerzle, >vho de
feated Roche and Chaplin, 6-4. 4-6. fi-3. Pre
vious to the final match, Condoe and McKen
zie defeated Bailey and Davenport, 6-3, 6-3.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Always Tired
Because your blood lacks vitality and
nourishing power. Take Hood's Sar-
saparilla and overcome this condition.
Thousands of people have found this
medicine just what they needed for
that tired feeling. It purifies, enriches
and vitalizes the blood, creates a good
appetite, gives sweet, refreshing sleep
and makes you feel strong and vigor-
ous and full of life and energy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pills cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream, Fa-
cial Powder and Dental Cream have the in-
dorsement of the Medical and Dental Profes-
sion, and are sold everywhere at 25c each.
NIPE HARBOR
TAKEN BY FOUR
AMERICAN SHIPS
Gain Possession of the Place After
a Prolonged, Furious
Bombardment.
The Topeka, Annapolis, Wasp and Leyden
Silence Forts, Sink a Gunboat and
Scatter Spaniards.
KEY WEST, July 23.— Acting under
orders from Rear Admiral Sampson,
four American warships on Tuesday af
ternoon last entered the harbor of Nipe,
on the northeast coast of the province
of Santiago de Cuba, and after a fu
rious bombardment took possession of
the harbor. The vessels engaged were
the Topeka, Annapolis, Wasp and Ley
den. In the course of an hour they
silenced the forts, sunk the Spanish
gunboat Jorge Juan and scattered the
Spanish riflemen who had taken part
in the engagement.
On Thursday the Annapolis, Wasp
and Leydon came from Santiago, and
Captain Hunker of the Annapolis, who
was ranking officer, was surprised to
learn that Nipe had not been taken.
Admiral Sampson had understood that
this had been done, and had orders for
the monitors detailed for the Portoßican
campaign to rendezvous there. When
the sitaation had been cleared up, Cap
tain Hunker ordered the ships to go in.
The Wasp and Leyden, being the small
est of the quartet, led the way, followed
by the Annapolis, while the Topeka,
which carried a heavier battery,
brought up the rear.
The channel leading into the harbor
was very narrow, and on a bluff to the
right, called Galory Point, were a fort
and signal station. As the American
ships entered the Spaniards were sig
naling- in a lively fashion, apparently
notifying the ships in the harbor, which
were the Jorge Juan, two smaller gun
boats and an armored launch. As the
Wasp and Leyden rounded the point
the fort fired a dozen shots, none of
which, however, fell near them, and
the Topeka returned the fire with her
three-pounders.
Almost immediately the Spaniards
deserted the fort and retired, while the
Topeka continued to send shells into
them. A body of riflemen on the beach
returned the fire with a few wild shots,
but, they, too, were quickly dispersed
by the Topeka's smaller guns. The
Topeka also discharged several torpe
does. At the same time another small
fort to the left of the channel*fired on
the American ships, but it was silenced
as easily as the other.
In the meantime the Wasp and Ley
den had taken up a position in the
northwestern portion of the harbor and
opened fire across the water at the
Jorge Juan, which lay to the southeast,
in front of the town of Mavari. Her
position was about a mile and a quar
ter from the beach, and behind her a
third fort stood on an eminence. This
fort opened on the Wasp and Leyden,
and as the Annapolis and Topeka came
up the Spanish gunboat joined in the
fight and a general batt.e followed.
The Topeka anchored in the middle of
the harbor, about 4000 yards from the
Jorge Juan, and the other three Ameri
can boats drew up on either side and
formed a semi-circle. The Americans
then closed in on the Spanish ships.
The Topeka sent four-inch Bhella
crashing- into the Jorg* 1 Juan at such a
rate that she sank ' itl.in twenty min
utes.
When the firing became heavy the
officers and crew of the Spaniard put
off in a small boat, made for th ■ B
under a heavy fire and escaped into the
woods.
Two shots from the Topeka's bow
gun. fired at an elevation of 4500 yards,
dropped square into Mavari fort, the
Spanish pennants disappeared and a
white flag was run up. This ended a
phui't, but one of the most vicious, bat
tles of the war.
All of the American ships sent small
boats over to the Spanish gunboat,
that of the Topeka being under com
mand of Lieutenant Niblack, the for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The men who lay aside the comforts of home and the pleasures of home
life and answer the call to duty on the field of battle in a far-away land are
entitled to the best the market affords. We have no criticisms to make.
The Government has done wonders in equipping so large an army in so
short a time. Mistakes have been made, but they could not be helped. We
see men from the East shivering under one or two pairs of light-weight
blankets at the approach of our July zephyrs, for which the Government
doubtless paid $6, while we are offering and are glad to sell an all-wool
Marysville (Cal.) double blanket a.t $4: real good jjnes at less money. We
have 600 pairs too many for July trade. We have no canvassers or solicit-
ors, and take this plan to apprise the shrewd buyers of this coast that we
have in store everything that a soldier needs or appreciates, and at the right
price. Come and see.
THINGS TO EAT.
Heavy Sugar-cured Bacnn, extra 7\4c
Fine "mouthful soldiers' bi3cuits
Fine sliced dessert peaches, cans ."c
Ground Coffee, hotel or family mixed
Butter, per roll, fit for a Governor 30c
Eggß, warranted fresh, per dozen *0c
10c packages none such mincemeat ac
Honey of the best quality, ?>-aleil jars 15c
Stiver Prunes large, tart 3c
Wbit« Figs, 10c kind (California) 3c
Finest Raisins, bought a bargain 6c
THINGS TO WEAR.
Infnnts' band-made wool knit sacquos 2"c
Child's gray stockings, best wearers »c
Ladies' $126 to $3 50 shirt -lists 51 00 ;
Ladles' other waists, closing summer Btock.Bsc ,
Klondike shoes, light color, $3 60 kind. ...Sl sO
Mackinaw coats, all sizes, n ■ I .$1 (5 ,
Oents 1 fine Cassimere vests, not $2 50, but — Tjc ,
Gents' Cassimere coats, small, not $0. but. sl.so !
Trimmed hats, ladies, not $2 50. choice...
Hats for men, bargain counter, $2 50, now.sl 00
Suits for men, $12 50 lot, now ?S 00 i
Single coats, pants or vests, cut prices.
Try our fine fruit and berry pies; home mace; 10 cents; first floor.
White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in any quantity this week 95c
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can.
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them.
Wire screening, green, this week at half price — 1 cent square foot.
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each.
;■; ■ New Shoes. . ; M I Ep ij^'
Newest style ladies' kid shoes, just arrlved.Sl 50 >&£s» *$$% W W f itsl xl*^
Newest style ladios' kangaroo shoes $150 C» \>\ r ,l ■ «-* ■ H Kj ?! |S Yiia '
Newest syle ladies' $3 50 green shoes, now.sl 50 ■ ft ?.-• ti *J m m s*V'
Boys' heavy Bhc.es, 2to 4 90c ■^e*<i* r ■ PWB m mm mm
Boi-s* heavy $1 25 shoe, 11 to 13 .....'.....75c j^% m dP\ BH ■ If* _^ '-*-*L _
Girls' $1 50 school button, 13, ISV4 75c M^ A\ «S Hjl ®| HP ■■ Q HT'
Girls' or ladles' cloth and kid. V-k. 3 at....350 > <*' ' «i>«s* ttUB V* I UKL
Men's low -shoes, out of style, 5, 7 50c BIMhiBnBHHHv'-''' --' > f
Men's $3 00 button B hoe 3 . sto 10 $1 25 2 5»2T Market St., S. F.
mer naval attache at Berlin, Vienna
and Rome. They found that the Jorge
| Juan's forecastle had been entirely
nipped away by the Topeka's four-inch
shells, and that her fore and mizzen
masts and flagstaff were carried off.
It is thought the Spaniards scuttled her
before abandoning the vessel.
The harbor was found to be well
mined and two of the mines exploded,
one about 100 yards off the Topeka's
bow and the other 200 yards from her
port quarter. As the ships came out
they saw a contact mine floating on the
surface of the water.
The engagement was hardly over
when the torpedo boat Dupont
came along with dispatches from
| Rear Admiral Sampson for Com
mander Remey, and « the Topeka
was sent with them to Key West, ar
riving this morning. She had borne
the brunt of the fight and bore her
self nobly. Her captain is William S.
< lowlea, a brother-in-law of Colonel
i Theodore Roosevelt.
The Jorge Juan was a three-masted,
j one-funnel ship of 960 tons, and 1100
i horsepower. She was 320 feet long,
j thirty-five feet wide and twelve feet
draft. She carried a crew of 146 men
and had 130 tons of coal. Her battery
was heavier than the Topeka's, be.ing
the best of the four ships, consisting
of three 4.7 Honturias, two 1.8 Krupp
' guns and two machine guns.
Xipe harbor is twenty miles? long and
I ten miles wide. It is surrounded by
mountains and Is admirably suited as
a base of an army campaign.
CRIES OF "ROBBERY!"
FROM THE LOSERS
DETROTT, July 23.— Dissatisfaction over
the judge's decision giving the last heat
of the 2:22 class trotting toDLC marred
to-day's sport at Grosse Pointe track.
Much money had been placed on True
Chimes on the auctions for this race.
Both he and D L C got two heats. In
the final heat D L C was leading in the
stretch and Anita S came with a rush and
the crowd thought she nipped the bay
horse. The judges, however, thought dif
ferently and awarded the heat to D L C.
Then a cry tvent up from the specta
tors, who thought that if Anita S had
been given the heat Geers could have the
sixth heat from D L, C.
There were cries of "robbery," but the
judges were firm, saying that D L C had
a bead the best of it. In neither the
judges' nor the timers' stand was tnero
any other opinion, so it wouM seem D L
C won the heat all right. Trrie Chimes,
with two heats to his credit, broke badly
in the fojlowlng two and was out of it.
Geers had him on his feet better in the
fifth, and the bettors thought hp could
have captured the sixth had not the
judges made their decision against
5. %
Tii.' Swift was never in danger in the
Chamber of Commerce consolation.
Edward D operfcd favorite for the 2:17
but his breaks put him out of the
money. Strathmeath was never crowded
by the others, winning each heat handily.
-•SSUIT3U jjaqvo} pa pp-B
2:22 class", trotting: purse $2000— D. L. C. won.
Tint: Chimes second, Anita S, third. Best
time. 2:12%.
2:17 class, pacing; purse $2000 — Strathmeath
won, Samaritana second, Don Sphinx third.
Bfst time, 2:lOVi-
Chamber of i.'ommerrp consolation for ":2\
class pacing : stake $1000 — The Swift won, Ar
lington second, Happy Tom third. Best time,
2:11%.
Swimming Records Er:ken.
CHICAGO. July 23.— The Chicago Swim
ming Club held its first tournament to
day. The feature was the performance
of Dr. Paul Neumnn of the University of
Pennsylvania, who lowered the 100-yard
record of 1:12. hold by George Whittaker,
to 1:11 1-5, ami also made a new world's
record of 14.311-5 in the BSO-yard scratch
race.
THINGS TO USE.
Blankets, gray wool. Marysvllle. pair $4 00
Tapestry Carpet, .^hort lengths, I*4 to 15 yds. 3Bc
Ingrain' Carpet. 36 inches, pretty patterns. .220
Stair Carpets, hemp and better grades.. loc up
tper, short lots, few rolls each 3c up
Fine Leather Satchels. $7 50 quality $373
"Lucky Man's" fine large fish basket 85c
Latest 16c "ire toasters, now s c
ups, double porcelain, 15c klr.d 7C7 C
Soldiers' pocket dispensary, dollar article... 2oa
gs, variety, $20 kind, now $12 00
Center table or c? ish JJo
Sofa, cotton tapestry, oak finish, now .$5 00
OTHER BARGAINS.
Starch. 6-lb packages, not 40c, only 150
2o Ladies' Children's and Men's Handker-'
chiefs ?] no
7 large i>"x stoves for wood. $15 now fi no
4 Klondike folding stoves, cut from $6 "toiii 60
ol fur suits for Alalka $15 U d
■ sets, 8 balls, middling good $1 00
Boys' iron wagons, iron wheels now $1
nts of calico or union bunting s Q
Remnants of dress goods, variety ""Vc'ud
yarn for strong wear, good ' 750COMMISSIONER
HITT TALKS OF
HAWAII'S FUTURE
Anticipated Annexation Eighteen
Years Ago and Now Predicts
Great Benefits.
Declares the United States Should Not Fear the
Chinese and Leper Elements of the
Islands.
Copyright, IS9S, by George Grantham Bain.
NEW YORK, July 18.— I asked Rob
ert K. Hitt of Illinois, the chairman of
the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs and a member ol th Hawaiian
Commission, w hat effect the annexa
tion of Hawaii in going to have in ex
■.g opportunities for investment
and enterprise for Americans. Mr. Hitt
has never been to Hawaii, but in his
long service in the State Department
and the diplomatic corps ami as chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, he has gained an intimate knowl
edge of the subject. He has a better
understanding of it, perhaps, than
some men who have I spicu
ously identified with the annex
movement, because Mr. Hitt has anti
cipated the annexati in of Hawaii for
more than eighteen years. He told me
that he had discussed it with James G.
Blame when he was first Secretary of
State, and that he had said at that
time to members of the House of Re
presentatives that they would better
be thinking of some form of govern
ment for the new territory, because it
was sure to be American some day.
Mr. Hitt told me that asidt from the
political and strategic value of the isl
ands on account of their position, he
thought a fuss entirely out of proi>< r
tion to their importance had been made
about them.
"Why, think," he said, "they are no
bigger than many a Congressional dis
trict and they do not contain a popula
tion much more than half that i
average congressional district. Of
course, th ."ity will increase as
soon as the American flag is ;
over them, giving absolute assurance
y. without possibility of any
attempt to restore the ridiculous, r
.. or of foreign occupa
tion. In that respect they are go!
a better opportunity for Invest
ment under stable certain government
and ' f the men who now
live there will increase in value.
■ Fears ago I saw an Illustration of
the difference in value which the estab
lishment of law and order was believed
•i a country. I went with the
commission which was sent to San I)o
mine:o in 1870 to investigate the subject
nnexation. It was Grant's
As you probably remem
tr. Sumner had quarreled with
uld find nothing good in any
thing Grant wanted and denounced the
. project.
"When we went to San Dominpro, a
party of land speculators and supar
>■<! us. They were there
1 and franchises and privi
r for next to noth
.•lition that the Isl
•■• be annexed to th<- T'nit<-d
~. Franchises and privileges
had, but only by sufficiently "tn-
Bultiner' th^ Pooh-bah President of the
- mish- American
way. T! the ground and
saw in the island a possible El Dorado.
fertile vallej -
■aches of rich land and
through the hills the trained eye of
the • ■ I lay out the line of
m mule back. .But they
'11 this was of no value unless the
Jslan ■ ■■). Without a:.
tion th>- most productive land was not
worth the price of the trip. When an
tion failed, they gave up all idea
•>f !.'.! .' .
"I ' saying to them that not
far a an isiand— Jamaica —
vernment was of the most
ter, where there was no
fear of loss of life or property, yet no
one thai r ever heard of wanted a
plantation in Jamaica; no one ever
went Tlr . ■ to stop off for a
Their answer was, th<- and
Strip's did n"t float over Jamaica and
our people and their money followed
With the assured permanent
establishment < f the rule of the T'nitf-d
b in Hawaii, probably business
will quicken and property increase in
value.
"Up to this time it has heon -übject
to the possible mutations of govern
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ocean - butwhen
\ have a pilot who
\\\\VO dangers of that
particular channel. \ In the voyage of life
there are many perilous places where we
need the help of a pilot who has a thorough
knowledge of the special difficulties and
dangers to be avoided.
In those delicate physical weaknesses and
diseases peculiar to women a general prac-
titioner or ordinary doctor has no opportun-
ity to become thoroughly proficient. Still
less to be trusted iei c the advice of any mere
nurse or unscientific person.
Only a specialist who has given a life of
study to this particular field of practice, is
competent to treat the diseases of woniar's
intricate and complicated organism.
Any woman suffering from these delicate
troubles may obtain the most eminent pro-
fessional advice free of charge by writing
to Dr. R. V Pierce, chief consulting physi-
cian of the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical In-
stitute, ot Buffalo, N. Y. During nearly .30
years' at the head of his splendid staff of
specialists, he has successfully treated many
thousands of cases of obstinate feminine
complaints.
His '" Favorite Prescription " was devised
for the sole purpose of curing the diseases
and weaknesses of the feminine organs.
No other ratdicine has been so marvelously
successful in this particular field of prac-
tice. No other medicine so completely
overcom-s all the da-.gers and nearly all
the pains of motherhood.
" It i- witli pleasure 1 recommend Dr. Pierces
Pavonte Prescription to suffering ladies," writes
Mrs J. Pertfuson, Box 7% Douglas Stntion, Sel-
kirk Co , Manitoba "After suffering untold
tortures X thank Go-i I round relief and curt in
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
. The greatest book for women ever pub-
lished is Dr. Pierces thousand-page illus-
trated Common Sense Medical Adviser,"
Bent free in paper covers for cost of mailing
only. 21 one-cent stamps; cloth-bound U
•tamps. Address Di. Pierce as above. '
. ment In the islands. There was fear of i
the Japanese. Very recently business j
men there have been uneasy at the j
consequences of the aid which the re- i
public has given to us, or rather which j
we have taken from it during our war
with Spain. Since war began an Amer
ican cruiser has been lying in Hono
lulu harbor. Our ships went to the
capital of those islands on the way to
i Manila and coaled as thougl* they had
a right there. And you must remem
ber that the law which makes a nation
responsible for damage inflicted on
another nation through aid given to its
enemy is largely of our own making.
"When the treaty of 18*1 mi.i nego
tiated at Washington it was the United'
States which proposed that a nation
giving aid to one belligerent should be
i held responsible for any damage in
flicted on the property of the other
belligerent by that means, out of
that grew the Alabama claims, for
which we received $15,000,000. England
hesitated at this provision, but we in
sisted on it as international law, and
it was agreed to and we Invited other
nations to join us in it. All that ap
prehension by business men in Hawaii
disappears with annexation.
"James G. Blame gave notice to the
world that if Hawaii was threatened it
would be Americanized. But we have
nev< r undertaken, while it remained a
distinct sovereignty, to preserve it from
claims for damages arising from its
acts. By assuming the right to use, not
Pearl harbor— which was ceded to us
a long time ago— but the harbor of
Honolulu, we placed Hawaii in a posi
tion to be the subject of a claim for
heavy damages at the hands of Spain
when this war should be. over.
"Why did we not use Pearl harbor?
Because the mouth of that harbor is
still e!<-sed by a reef. It is one of the
most remarkable harbors in the world,
a punch miles inland, like the harbor at
Santiago, of which everybody is talk
i ing now. The approach to it is through
; a narrow, irregular channel, witn eon
! verging acclivities on each side, the
i channel opening into a broad harbor
ior lagoon of ample depth. The hilly in
tervening country protects this harbor
' from the fire of an enemy's ships wlth
; out.
"The reef which lies across the mouth
! of this channel is a coral formation,
' but the borings made by Admiral
Walker show that part of it. a rift or
fissure 500 feet wide, is coral sand,
which could be drawn out with the use
of a suction dredge. It was estimated
• that a small opening of 200 feet in this
reef could be made by an expenditure
of $85,000, and a channel of 260 feet ,
\\ kle for $105,000. I once trfpd to get ;
I Congress to make an appropriation for :
this purpose so as to make the harbor '
. available, and I had th> hope that then
we should build fortifications to pro
tect it and that the American flag |
should float over it. That undoubtedly j
will be done now."
I asked Mr. Hitt If the missionaries
and their descendants would not profit
largely by the increase in property
values through annexation.
"Possibly," he said. "But the white
man has made the land what It is. If
the Kanaka had remained in sole pos-
Bession of it what would it be worth to-
I day? I have little sympathy with the
; sentimentalism which some good peo
: pie waste on the Indian. The worth ol
■ land is what man makes of it. (.live tt
an Indian to-day four city squares on
F street in Washington, some of It
property worth $40 a square foot, but
i with the provision that none but an In
dian was to be permitted to set foot or
it, what would it be worth? Let the
Indian as an Indian occupy it and what
could he do and what did he do before
white men came but shoot squirrels or
it? The land which we took from the
Indian was worth very little so long as
;it remained Indian land. So the propo
j sitlon that we have robbed the ImMur
of this great precious roperty is ab
surd. In the same way the land of Ha
j waiS would have been worth little il
! the Kanaka alone had remained in po3
session of it— it wpii'ci require a big lot
: of it now. as was once the actual case,
to be worth an old suit of clothes."
One of the difficult problems which
the Hawaiian Commissioners will have
to solve is the Chinese problem. It ha?
! been one of the bugaboos of the Ha
waiian question from the beginning. ]
a^k.-d Mr. Hitt if he beiieved it would
be a complicating problem.
"I trust not insoluble," he said. "My
understanding is that most of tlie
1 Chinamen and Japanese are there un
j der contract, and that they will sto:* Jily
tend to go back to their hon.es when
the contract expires. They CAUiot be
come citizens, of course, because of the
I laws. They have not the rit.ru to vote.
The annexation resolution lorblds fur
th'.r Chinese immigration. Ihe statis
tics for ten years past show the de
partures of returning Chinest and Jap
; ancsc is about half as large a.5 the ar
i rivals, and now the arrivals will cease.
"The Chinaman has a great oc-^ire to
get back to his home as soon as he can
accomplish his mission of making
money enough to keep him in affluence
! for the remainder of his oa>s, nnd it
; takes very little to do that in China.
i One of the reasons Is the matt ;r of his
bones, which, according to iris supersti
tions, must be buried In Chinese soil.
Another is the desire to be an afliuo.it
personage in his native village with a
fortune of $300.
"I think the Chinese labor question
! Is not giving the people of the United
j States as much concern as formtrly.
llt was once the favorite topic for
speeches in industrial cities, for news
paper edit rials and magazine articles
and we heard about the hordes and
myriads of Chinamen who wer-_- to
overrun this country. But the exclu
sion law is really very effective. A
Chinaman squeezes in here and th*ro.
but the number who are smuggled in is
inconsiderable.
"The Chinese question gave less con
cern to the Chinese Government at the
time we were first exercised about it
than most of us thought. At the clmc
the exclusion law was under consider'
ation the Chinese Minister was at my
house one afternoon and the subjeor
! came up. I had said on the floor of
the House that while I was opposed to
the competition of Chinese labor with
our own, I was equally opposed to the
violation by this nation of its treaty
with China, and we ought to make a
new treaty and not pass a law vio
; lfiting the one in force.
"The Chinese Minister said that the
matter of excluding Chinese labor from
this country was one which did not
' interest his government save as to the
question of its dignity involved in the
! treaty, and was one about which his
, government would rather not be
i troubled. All of the coolies came from
one province, a trivial leak from a cor
ner of their vast empire, and he likened
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
the condition to the trickling drops of
dirty water from a lean in the
corner of an immense vat. Of
course, if the rights of an in
dividual Chlnamai. were violated,
as in the case where some China
men were burned to death at Rock
Springs from sheer wantonness, his
government would step in to protect
them. The whole power of a govern
ment will be used to protect one sub
ject of that government in his rights
In a foreign land.
"The Chinese rulers are by no means
a stupid set," continued Mr. Hitt.
"Many years ago at Paris I talked one
day with the Chinese Minister about
railroads. It was just after his gov
ernment had torn up six miles of rail- i
road which had been constructed from
Shanghai. I asked him why this ob- i
Ject lesson in the usefulness of travel j
by steam had been removed from the j
sight of the people when it might have
done so much in educating them to a '
realization of the need of other and
longer roads. Our people were inter
ested at the time in seeing an opening
for American investment and Ameri
can labor in building roads in China.
"I said to him: 'You know the value j
of the steam railroads?' He answered |
that he knew it quite as well as I. 'But,' I
he said, 'we of the governing class have
a different task from that in America.
With you the effort is continually to do
something new, to excel. Your pc >ple
are always talking about doing ho much
more in this or that direction than waa
ever dene before. Our one purpose is
to keep the j people in order, coi-tentr-d
and quiet. 'We do not want another
Tae Ping rebellion. A rebellion in China
means the loss of many million lives —
much more than your civil war cost
you.
" 'When the six miles of railroad was
laid no regard was paid to the burial
places of the dead. In China ihe dend
are not all gathered in cemeteries, but
the tombs are scattered everywhere. It
is a part of the religious feeling of my
pople to believe that the dead can be
disturbed, and that their spirits then
disturb everybody else. It has been
said in the lower classes that the dead
were disturbed by this railroad, and
that they were bringing on calamity.
That impression had gone out quickly
through a district densely populated,
until it had penetrated thirtj or forty
miles in all directions, creating fear
and discontent, missing hardiy any one
in its progress.
"The ruling class, of course, has no
belief in such things, which powerfully
influence the lower classes, but it was
necessary to quiet them and appease
them. So the matter was gravely in
vestigated, and the SoU- High Priest of
'red— that is, the Emperor— having cast
his eye on the railroad, decreed that
it should be torn up and sent to the
other end of the earth. As a matter
of fact, it was sold, but not to China.
The iron was sent to New York.
"This. Chinese statesman said that
there was only one way in which the
railroad could be introduced in China.
The Chinese people resented the in
troduction of foreign labor, and es
pecially of a foreign contractor who
bribed the officials and became
wealthy. The Chinese railroads, he
Bald, would have to be built by Chi
nese, and they would have to b.? intro
duced at a time when it could be said
that they were being built not to
bring the enemy Into the country, as
the Chinese people thought they were
then, but to enable the Emperor to get
at the enemy.
"That was the way in which the tele
graph was introduced. It was said
that it was intended to bring the news
to th»- Emperor. "When the people un
derstood that this was the purpose,
they raised no objection to it and now
China has many telegraph wires. In
the pamp way modern weapons were
Introduced, because It was said to the
people that the Emperor had seized the
enemy's weapon to use against him —
that gunpowder was originally a Chin
ese invention. The prediction which
this Chinese Minister made has been
verified and to-day Chinese labor is
building railroads through China."
I asked Mr. Hitt if the Hawaiian
people had acquired citizenship in the
United States by the act of passing the
resolutions of annexation and if we
were hereafter responsible for the acts
of the Hawaiian government. He said
hp did not understand this condition
would fully exist until we had taken
possession of the islands formally and
raised our flag over them. Ev^n after
that, it is expressly provided in the
annexation resolution that the laws of
the island should remain in force until
n» W laws are ma/le by Congress. He
said It was a recognised principle
in all countries that existing laws
continued in force until actually
superseded by others. Merely be
cause v.c had voted to annex the Isl
ands they could not be without law
until Congress should make laws to
govern them.
I asked him if he believed that there
was any danger of the introduction of
leprosy into this country from Hawaii.
".Not at all," he said. "We have a
U-j.^r colony in I^ouisiana and there is
another in Canada. I never heard of
any one catching leprosy like smallpox
or yellow fever or measles by merely
being in the place where the lepers
were or coming Into passing contact
with them. I suppose if a man lived
and associated closely with lepers and
came in contact with them for a vr--.iv
he might get leprosy in his PVStem,
especially if predisposed by scrofulous
affections or uncleanly in habits. I
saw a colony of lepers in Jerusalem
years ago, and while there went many
times to the places where they were.
No one seemed to be afraid of the con
tagion of the disease. It is a dreadful
malady and generally deemed incur
able. But the leper is not so unhappy
as most people think. He has no pain
from it. When they were taken by
charitable German ladies to a hospital
just outside of Jerusalem they would
\>-;uch to escape and return to the
others."
Mr. Hltt probably does not welcome
his new duties and responsibilties very
warmly, since they come to him at the
end of a long and very trying session of
Congress. Speaking of the adjourn
ment, he said he was glad it had come.
He thought it was well that the House
did not leave the Military Committee of
the House to sit during the recess and
to potter about investigating the con
duct of the war.
"The proposition," he said, "recalled
to many the work of the committees
of Congress during the war of the re
bfllion. You remember the history of
the army of the Potomac and its many
defeats and hard fate for a long time?
Not satisfied with one Bull Run, ad
verse fate brought another. All this
time the armies elsewhere were push
ing steadily forward. Congress thought
to remedy the trouble in the an,
the Potomac by sending committees
With stenographers to take testimony
about all sorts of things and publish it
to the world, disheartening the country
and bringing on criticism of command
ers. The recent impatience of the press
brought back vividly the old cry, "On
to Richmond!" It was the most fate
ful phrase the war brought into being.
"When the war began the people of
the country were assured that it was
to be short and decisive. Mr. ,Seward,
always sanguine, with much expendi
ture of rhetoric, assured them it h-.tp
to be a ninety days' war. The people
could not understand why April went
by and then May and June and noth
ing seemed to be r^eomplished. They
could not patiently vait and take time
for preparation. They expected to go
right down South and crush the rebel
lion at once. They learned io b fc pa
tient and the cost of incoiwMi
haste, and at last bore the long v.ar
with steadfast fortitude and unqu>
able courage. That lesson should have
taught this generation to be patient
with the administration in the short de
lays of our war with Spain."
GEORGE GQANTHAM BAIN.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
• . . ADVERTISEMENTS. , : :
/T"*^ rf r v»- J : /?r~,\ /Y^ /f^~\ /f^^^k (T^\
WE j^ THP
Sacrifice. mMhJ^ * ss^%Jsßk
l\vCl[/ lily 1 Illlllo* \w\ W' -A y] ! !| ' y y will be confined exclusively to
YOUr Opportunity. **a^^o%}\ See ii'on- Corner Window.
/f^.HFPF'ji The pictures ANOTHERC^
Iw ®?*w B ~" **>**—'• °' : our ieroes * m i^t^*^
I \ saY I L '^ - ' - * equal footing, equally as well I\ Ip °
I \ |h dressed as the m r in who paid /if I
\ I | v the tailor S'4o for his suit. His // I |p ° |
\ 1 //« Vy^^ —^ 1? 7io better, possesses no inor& y^*i \ J
A \ // d^^^^^-I-I style, than yours at *z—&/~t+s\ J o ° I
L^ ■ Jw^f JifflM i^fl\\\\c^\' r/ie iSttife represent ever /^^^MvX 1 -^^
'^^^==^7^ \ Mpiik v\\ |l| Wk \W\ thing that is fashionable, every- f fffilf'Jv \ vr \ K^ I
I / \l U JiHiE I■ ii *ila\ thing that is correct, ever color I S^b" ' I i \ l\ 1
[ / /il'fl »V"\ i I' HwV that is new. They're Suits that ,i ¥8| l> I | |\
I X IliB"! 1 r-SSS'' ; H |B|j ■ have sold down to a fete of a \ ,| |f j[lJU|ji^ ! \
I \ H^ uED BY If^'i 'i 1 I Those very swell fancy C.'iev- \ 'Win u3^l\ '■' \
I 1 \ tkn DEWEY ffl !i J!|; 11 '• iots with double-breasted vests ;y; y J . BgEfi. y ' , [l .'-[ " \
\ I p^ (^aN' - a^^ t !jk | ] that swell Twill oeroe in the A Wlfj] la &*"t/ago I
I I fflfirJSll lv\ 1 I new shade ° f blue : fine blue I ! ffe I|^^lh A -]p .\ :
1 Hi '^^t^lvJ-i an^ Cheviots in civta- \ |J|fS|pL\J) I 1
I 1 Ii 1 ikl'V if •vr*"*v'V^^ ft I I ways, in single and double jUjf J\» I I
\\ \ I Wk^'^^^ly] I ' breasted saohs. They're $15, ' '!f|}Sjl^K-%j \ ; / I
1 1 $ ic > and $ is suits - T °- mor " "iwrf^'k WuX v
Corkers in Boys'
Knee=Pants Suits,
Ages 3 to 15 Years.
Never in the history of our
f Juvenile De-
partment have
#&*??***& we offered such
values. All-
Wool Suits, in
br oivnics , in
blue and fancy
mix tur es , in
fWool Suits, in
br oiv nies , in
blue and fancy
in i x tier 68, in
pretty Reefer
Suits, in the
p la i n double-
breasted styles:
the $5 and $6
kind: good, sol-
&Z&*" id, weight and
sewed with silk. Monday only
at
$2.55.
HAS FINISHED
TAKING COAL
Philadelphia Ready fo
Her Voyage.
HAWAII HER DESTINATION
WILL LEAVE MARE ISLAND ON
TUESDAY.
Tug Iroquois Steams Down to San
Francisco to Await Orders
From Admiral
Miller.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. July 23.— The Philadel
phia has finished taking on cool, and
Is now ready to start for Honolulu,
with the exception of some attach
ments for her three-pound and six
pound rapid-fire guns. The missing
parts are the sights, shields and shoul
der-bars, which were shipped from the
New York navy-yard over ten days
ago. There are three boxes of them
yet to be received. The ship can sail
without them, but It Is desired that
she be equipped thoroughly before
being sent to represent the navy at
the formal occupation of Hawaii by the
■
Boys' Knee
Pants.
How the mothers did grab
m^ m^— these Trousers
i: 2. S a tur day I
' . I They know
|| Jin their value — all
vj I wool, you know.
Jl | We had too
|j l|ll | in any ; hence
| the sacrifice
', «|j You know how
~ '-2—^ we make 'em.
They fit. Monday again at
45c.
9-11-13-15 KEARNY ST.
American forces. The Philadelphia's
guns for the secondary battery were
purchased in England. The rr.nunts
were very clumsy as compared with
those on American guns, and caused
considerable extra work, but they have
all been fixed in place. It is expected
the vessel will leave Mare Island on
Tut"- lay morning.
The tug Iroquois. under command of
Lieutenant Turner, left the yard at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon for San
Francisco, where she will be subject to
orders from Admiral Miller. The tug is
fully equipped, and has her bunkers
filled, so she Is ready for any duty that
may be assigned to her.
Lieutenant Turner pays he has re
ceived no orders concerning the towing
of tho ship Tacoma to Manila and
doubts if he will receive any. He has
his vessel ready for any emergency,
however, and hopes to be ordered to
some active duty. The other tugs, the
Active and Vigilant, expect to leave
Mare Island to-morrow, and will rp
piort to Admiral Miller for assignment.
When the Iroquois left she received an
ovation from all the steam whistles in
the bay.
The revenue cutter Rush steamed up
the bay yesterday afternoon, and was
moored to a buoy off the coal wharf.
She came up to be docked, and will
probably be placed in thf stone duck
to-morrow. As soon as her hull has
been put in good order she will leave
for San Francisco.
The Yorktown still presents the busi
est scene In the yard. She is approach
ing completion, thouph ther^ "- 'Hill
much work to be done or- her. Her hull
has been scaled above the water line
and is ready to be covered with war
paint. _____________
Generous French Winemakers.
NEW YORK. July 23.— A firm of
wlnemakers at Rheims, France, has of
fered the United States Government
1200 bottles of champagne for the oick
and wounded soldiers. The Secretary
of the Treasury has ordered that the
wine be admitted free of duty.
rssms Boys' Fast
mm Black Brby
_jffi|j|! l . Mibbed Hose, ev-
[ SLji \~ en/ size, 6to9\i.
||| |i They're seam- I
Hi ilWl >ess ' You know
— ==J i liiiilis what they cost
H^ 4® elsewhere. Mon-
day, by the pair,
' 9c.
Corking values in
.£^==* i?o?/s' FacA<», Go//
Caps and Sailors, in
*^i&o\~r J 6?«f, fancy mixtures,
il/f/hjs JL also leather. Ourreg-
Laps and Sailors, in
blue, fancy mixtures,
also leatfifr. Our reg-
W"sL_2*sl ular 50c valuta. Mon-
day at
25c.
-
LITTLE DANGER
OF INTERFERENCE
Representative Dingley Says Euro
pean Powers Will net Meddle
in the War.
WASHINGTON, July 23.—Representa
tive Dingley of Maine, who has been In
the city as one of the members of the
Canadian-American Commission, when
asked to-day, "What do you think will bo
the solving of the Philippines problem?"
replied:
"No one can tell at this time. Events
adjust themselves, and sometimes in a
sudden and unexpected manner. I feel
sure, however, that thore is no founda
tion for the talk of alleged European in
terference In whatever programme this
Government may adopt for the Philip
pines. I believe the rumoreu protests of
the powers of Europe will be found to
be merely unauthorized reports and will
not materialize into anything definite.
The conduct of the Germans at Manila is
subject to criticism, but their action, I
believe, will not go beyond bounds.
"I do not pay any attention to the al
leged attitude of Europe protesting
against the sending of Commodore Wat
son's fleet to the coast of Spain. Such a
supposition would be untenable. This
(Jnvrrnment is at war with Spain, and wo
have a right to strike her where and
when we please. It remains for us alone
to say whether we will send a fleet to
Spain. Of course, if we contemplated
seizin? ia\d holding Spanish territory on
the continent of Eurooe it might cause
disquietude among the powers for fear
that the balance of power might be dls
turbeu. They would have no right, how
ever, to object to the harassing of the
coast and commerce by a fleet."
MOROCCO WOULD
SOON NOTIFY WATSON
Special cable to The Call' and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1808, by James Gor
don I'lennett.
TANGIER, July 23.— The Revell de
Maroc saya that If the American
squadron should come to Morocco, Mo
hamed Torres, the Sultan's Minister for
Foreign Affairs, would notify it to
leave within twenty-four hours. If the
Corking Values.
Our Stock Must fio.
m^ mmm _^ m __ mm _ !m Many of these
Esps^pssaa lines are broken.
Therefore we
jepfc* J3S sa y col9^ an(^ ess
L^^T^srS than cost.
y%m%W\ Bl ' 6 Serge
/ \^2f*''*l \ ai lor with
[w JET hi deep inlaid col-
J?(WvVv/t_ ar Some made
*f \r\r^M plain. Our very
t^T" "jT^^ finest of Mid-
AI I . dies, ivith pret-
' L#\iJ ty ves^ s - Our
MiM'ih best two - piece
sWnIJF Cassimere and
«T jpVjS Cheviot Suits
\W for older boys.
QS Our most stylish
and swellest of
Suits, values up to $8. Mon-
day at
tpo*88«
squadron should refuse he would rpfer
the matter to the diplomatic corps,
placing the country under the protec
tion of the great powers. Should the
case arise, what the powers would do
is the secret of European chancellors.
It is understood that. In view of the
impending dispatch of the squadron of
ships commanded by Commodore Wat-
Son to Spanish waters, a number of
warships belonging to various nations
will arrive here shortly.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
tho body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
X I'PIH ' X X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. V.4RKWELE. hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated witl> unfailing success. < ondi.
ffiocis biood polsou in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system, Ij» «ie* will receive special
attention for 'I their many ailments.
WRITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
34
AGNEWS ASYLUM
INQUIRY TO BEGIN
NEXT TUESDAY
Governor Budd Fixes a Date at
the Request of the Hospital
Management.
There is to be an official investigation
of the Agnews scandals. Governor
Budd is indignant over the fact that
the concluding days of his administra
tion should be besmirched by the un
savory mess that has been uncovered
in that institution, and he has deter
mined that he will thoroughly fumigate
and purify its moral atmosphere.
There was a meeting of some of the
members of the State Lunacy Commis
sion yesterday in the office of the At
torney General, at which there were
present, beside the Governor, Secre
tary Carrere, Or. Matthews of the
Board of Health, Dr. Hatch (Superin
tendent of State Hospitals) and Isaac
Upham (trustee and manager of the
Agnews Asylum).
The meeting was not open to. the
public, but from the tones of the
speakers, as heard now and again, it
was not lacking in animation, es
pecially on the part of the Governor,
whose voice indicated that he was not
pleased. The gathering was brought
to an end by the action of Isaac Up
ham, who presented the following re
quest, which was granted by a unani
mous vote:
"Gentlemen: As a manager of the
Agnews State Hospital I hereby re
quest that the Commission of Lunacy
investigate at its earliest convenience
the general management and adminis
tration of said hospital."
The Governor set next Tuesday at 11
o'clock as the time for the investiga
tion to heein. The inquiry will be held
at the asylum at Agnews. The secre
tary was directed to inform Dr. Spon
ogle of the action of the commission
and to issue subpenas for witnesses.
ATTACHES COACHED
BY THE ASYLUM RING
SAN JOSE, July 23.— John F. Carrere,
secretary of the State Lunacy Commis
sion, made a flying trip to San Jose
this afternoon and served notice upon
Trustees Hale and Curnow and Dr.
Sponogle to- be present at the investi
gation to be held at Agnews Asylum
next Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock.
The notices served request the mem
bers to be present at an investigation
of the general management and admin
istration of the hospital and to have
such witnesses present as they may
desire to appear before the coramls
sic-ji.
Carrere was in San Jose just long
enougri to see Hale and Curnow and
then drove to Agnews to serve Spon
ogle, where he caught a train for San
Francisco.
Trustee Frank H. Gould arrived at
Agnews Asylum this evening. For the
past couple of days the employes at
the institution have been preparing f^-r
an investigation, and Gould's presence
was needed to give them the final pol
ishing oft: before the fateful day. Meet
ings have been held by the employes
and there has been an attempt to get
them solidly back of Sponogle and the
administration. Those who desired to
remain neutral were greatly excited tc-
day, for if they failed to come out
for those in charge they would
be regarded a.s enemies Ol viould. To
morrow ana the next day, it is said,
the asylum employes will be given a
private examination to lind just what
they know In regard to existing affairs.
The Investigation by the Lunacy
Commission promises to be i
searching than the public expects and
th< Bession will probably last the bal
ance of the week. Gould will be at
the asylum up to the time of the mv
v estimation.
To-morrow Trustees Hale, Curnow
and Gould and Dr. Sponogle will hold
an extended conference. They will
outline their plans for the investiga
tion. The leaders of the attendants
will be given their orders and when the
investigation opens everything will be
well greased and in working order.
Trustee <;"Uld refused to talk to
night on the forthcoming Investiga
tion. He said he had nothing to say
for The Call, and with an oath brought
the interview to a close.
Chairman Curnow of the Agnews
managers In speaking of the. investiga
tion to-r.ight said:
"I havt- been summoned to an invest
igation on Tuesday morning, and as far
as I am concerned I want the whole af
fair investigated. If there is anybody
there whose morals are not of the best
1 want him dismissed. I am inclined
to think the investigation should be by
the Agnews board of managers, but a
thorough investigation by either body
will be satisfactory. The investigation
should be strictly impartial and thor
ough. I have no pets there and do not
fear any truth that will be brought out.
As long as I have the honor of being a
manager I shall do my utmost to see
that affairs are faithfully and honestly
administered. I think the investigation
will cover the whole institution, as well
as the statements made against Dr.
Spono-gle, Mr. Tourtillott, Mrs. Madigan
and anybody else concerning whom
there is any suspicion of immoral char
acter and dereliction of duty."
Trustee Hale said he had discussed
the matter with Trustee Upham in San
Francisco last Tuesday and they de
cided to bring it before the State Lun
acy Commission. Moth agreed to join
in a letter asking for an investigation.
He had expected to sit as judge in the
case at first, but now he may be one of
the witnesses. Under ordinary circum
stances, he said, he would have liked to
try the case, but with White and Up
ham probably disqualified he was
pleased with the arrangement by which
the State Lunacy Commission would
hold the investigation. The charges
against Tourtillott and Mrs. Madigan
are the only formal ones before the
local board, but other matters may be
taken up.
As to Dr. Sponogle being illegally in
office, Mr. Hale said the doctor had
never laid claim to having had three
years" experience in asylums, as the
law required. Dr. Sponogle was ap
pointed first assistant under Dr. Hatch
and when the latter accepted a place on
tho State board Sponogle succeeded as
medical director. Mr. Hale said:
" I desire the fullest, freest and
frankest investigation of the affa*rs of
the institution of which I am a man
ager. I realize some statements have
been made detrimental to the general
welfare of the institution and I would
like very much to have such investiga
tion aa will prove the truth or falsity
of the charges. We enjoyed a reputa
tion some two years ago of having the
best-managed asylum in the State of
California and received this compli
ment from the Chief Executive of the
State. I believe a majority of the
managers are anxious to see the insti
tution restored to its former prestige.
This can be accomplished only by
weeding out all undesirable and In
efficient employes, ifithere are any
such whose names decorate the
asylum payroll. The selection of cap
able and efficient employes for the va
rious positions should be considered
paramount. It may be true some man
agers have been mistaken in the per
sons recommended. Such errors may
have resulted in bringing about exist
ing conditions at Agnews, and if such
there be they will be corrected in the
future."
WATSONYILLE, July 23.— Edward
White, one of the Agnews State Hospi
tal directors, stated that the action
which Mr. Upham has taken in regard
to the matter is entirely agreeable to
him. He thinks that the lunacy com
mission, being entirely disinterested,
is the proper tribunal to investigate
the affairs of the asylum.
CONFESSES
HIS GUILT
Absconding Bank Presi
dent Captured.
OVERHAULED AT LOUISVILLE
STOLE $640,000 IN MASSACHU
SETTS AND LOST IT.
For Three Months the Fugitive Mas
querades Under an Assumed
Name and Makes
Friends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 23.— Lewis
Warner, the absconding President of
the Northampton Savings Bank and
the Hampshire Savings Bank of North
ampton, Mass., was captured by the
Louisville police this afternoon. He has
confessed his guik and is willing to
return to Massachusetts without re
quisition papers. When captured he
had only $7 in his pocket. He has been
living? in Louisville for several months.
The telegraphic account sent out
from Northampton at the time of War
ner's expose placed his shortage to the
banks mentioned at $640,000.
Warner has been in Louisville for
three months, living at a beardlng
house under the name of Frank Wil
liams. He made many acquaintances
while here and became particularly
friendly with a number of newspaper
men. In fact, he became a familiar
figure about the newspaper offices here.
He was in the habit of calling daily at
the office of the Courier-Journal for a
copy of the Springfield, Mass., Repub
lican.
After his arrest Warner admitted
cv« rything, stating that he had taken
from the Hampshire County National
Bank, of which he was president, about
(240,000, and from the Hampshire Sav
ings Bank, of which he was treasurer,
fully $400,00'). Tht money he lost in
various speculations and unsuccessful
business ventures.
When captured the defaulter's valu
ables consisted of $7 in silver and a gold
ring. The local police will receive a re
ward of $10001.
SAN QUENTIN'S RECORD
FOR A FISCAL YEAR
SAN QUENTIN, July 23.— At the
monthly session of the State Board of
Prison Directors to-day Warden Hale
submitted his annual report for the fis
cal year ending June 30, 189 S. It shows
the net cost per capita vi maintaining
the prisoners to have been $9 06, a
slight increase over the cost of last
year, owing to the advanced cost of
supplies. The prison physician reports
thirty-seven deaths during the year, of
which iive were executions and one a
suicide. The chaplain has issued an
average of 2778 volumes a month from
the library.
In his report the Warden commends
the religious ministrations of Rev.
Father Lagan of San Rafael, the Vol
unteers of America and the Salvation
Army.
Twenty-five prisoners have made ap
plication for parole and sixteen of the
applications have been granted. The
terms of fifteen paroled prisoners have
expired and one violated the conditions
of the parole law and was returned.
Four paroled prisoners failed to report
and it has been learned that three of
them have joined the United States
army and gone to Manila. The fourth
is yet unheard of. The reports of the
balance on parole show that they have
been working steadily and are doing
well.
T;ie output of the jute mills for the
past year has been between 14,000 and
15,000 bags a day. The product for the
month of June exceeded the output for
the same month for the last five years,
being 4233 cuts of grain bagging, mak
ing an average of 162. M cuts* for each
of the twenty-six working days. The
number of grainbags on hand is 2,532,
000. There have been sold since Janu
ary 1, 1898, 1.677.451 bags. There is
sufficient raw jute in the warehouse to
run the mill until May 5, 1599.
L. Wadham, the expert accountant
for the board, reports the total
amount of money bloncing to the pris
oners to be $3833 63. The cash on hand
belonging to the State is $26,574 25. The
aavilable funds at the openifig of the
fiftieth fiscal year are $104,044 75.
Five Bicycle Records Fall.
CHICAGO, July 23.-Herman VanHerik
and John Lawson created new American
professional records from eleven to fifteen
miles to-day at the Kavenswood Athletic
field. They rode the fifteen mites, un
paced, with a flying start, in 34:42Vj> The
former record was 35:21, made by McCall
and Sanger at Omana, November 16
1897.
An Arbitration Treaty,
ROME, July 23.— Admiral Canavaro,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and the Ar
gentine Minister to Italy, Senor Enrique
Merino, have signed a general arbitra
tion treaty between Italy and Argentina
Stmr. Grace Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points
low rates. Particulars 46 Mkt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
IN MONOPOLY'S
GREEDY HANDS
Exorbitant Rates for
Water.
STOCKTON'S POOR SUPPLY
NOT ADEQUATE TO THE NEEDS
OF THE CITY.
Officials Pledged to Municipal Own
ership Have Made No Move
to Carry Out Their
Promises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July 23.— The time when
the long suffering city of Stockton will
awn its own waterworks is drawing
near. Public sentiment is ripe for a
Jecislve move in that direction, and all
that impedes the carrying out of the
ivishes of the public is a vacillating City
Council. So strong are the people's de
mands, that it is hard to see how the
Council can longer delay granting re
ief. It may be said without exaggera
tion that there is no open champion
ship of the Stockton Water Company.
The only influence at work to coun
teract the wave of public sentiment is
that which is created by the few pe
:uliarly interested in seeing the present
company continue its grip on the con
sumers.
An actual necessity exists for the city
taking charge of its water supply. This
irises from two causes, the most press
ing of which is the inability and in
lispositlon of the company to supply
:he city with even a reasonably limited
quantity of water. The second is that
10 matter what kind of a schedule of
,vater rates is fixed by the Council, the
:ompany always manipulates it so as
o charge an exorbitant rate for a mis
jrable service.
For weeks the pressure has been so
sveak on the pipes that water could
lot be drawn from a faucet in a
second story. Worse than this, there
ire hours at a time when it seems like
in effort for a faucet on a ground
lour to give a bucket of water. For
some time the public was misled by
statements from the company to the
iffect that repairs were being made,
>ut now the time has long since passed
ivhen the company promised better
:hings.
The source of supply is artesian wells
it the east of the city, and the quality
seems to be as woefully lacking as the
juantity. The water is simply beeom
ng undrinkable. As the company )
las made no effort to increase j
he supply by sinking addi
lonal wells, it is hardly thought |
t would endanger its large dividends j
>y establishing a new plant with a view
)f improving the quality of the water.
Assessor Ortman has found it very i
lifflcult to get any facts concerning the !
irofits of the company, but enough is !
Known to show that the dividends must '
be enormous. It is conservatively es- i
tlmated that the entire plant could be
3upiicated for $175,000. But the credit;
for investing this much does not be- i
long to the company, as a few years ]
igo it obtained possession for less than
nominal consideration of a fairly good
plant belonging to the city. This, of
::ourse. has become a part of the gen
sral system. No plant can ever be op
grated on a cheaper basis than is this
one by the owners. Practically all of
the cost is in maintaining a small
pumping plant and a local office.
The managers of the company, on
their part, claim to be paying interest
on bunds which by their own state
ments equal the estimate given of the
amount invested. By their way of com
puting values these bonds should be
added to the value of the plant and
on the result the council should fix the
lawful rate to be charged. P.ut when
it comes to making assessment the
bonds Bhould lie deducted from the
value, which leaves n very insignifi
cant amount for the Tax Collector to
handle. A very just estimate of what
consumers are paying may be arrived
at by a comparison of the local sche
dule nnd that of Oakland. It will show
that for this miserably inadequate ser
vice the people of Stockton are paying
on an average 75 per cent more than
the Oaklnnders. The people down
there came near hanging their Council
men for perpetrating on them a sche
dule 75 per cent lower than that in
Stockton. Be it remembered also that
this city pays for every drop of water
used in sprinkling its streets.
Consumers were led to believe that
rates would be lower after July 1. But
where the company has lost on one
item an effort is being made to more
than make it up on others. No item
where a raise is possible has escaped
the keen manager of the company, lie
found numerous openings on restau
rants, hotels and rooming - houses.
When the keeper of a small restaurant
laid his customary $2 on the counter
the other day he was informed that his
bill hereafter would be $4 50. It w-.is
explained to him that the raise wus
lawful. Several others in the same
blr-ek have had Hlmilar experiences
The action of the company in the mat
ter of rates and the aggravations oc
c-isio-iied through the unreliability ol
the supply has given a boom to the well
borers. These firms are daily refusing
new contracts, as they have forty wells
to sink within thirty days. It would
thus neem that, the company's action
is calculated to lose it many patrons
- 1 hile the question of municipal owner
ship hnngs fire. The question has vir
tually resolved itself into one of self
preservation to the people of this city.
They must have healthful water for
necessary uses, and they must have
reasonable rates. It seems that the
company is not inclined to grant either.
The municipal platform of the Re
publicans, upon which they elected
William Inglis Mayor and a portion of
the Council, pledged the party to
municipal ownership. The city has the
option of taking charge of its own
mains and compensating the company
for such as it has put in. The present
city government has been in power a
year and no move has been made. The
local press is without exception favor
able to giving the people charge of this
most necessary service. The actual
growth and prosperity of the city de
pends on early and favorable action on
Hie people's demands. The City Coun
cil hotels the key. The voters have an
eye on their servants and very soon
each will be put on record.
SEVEN BIG MORTGAGES.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Seven mort
gages, aggregating $2,000,000 were filed
for record to-day by Levi Z. Leiter.
They run to the Northwestern Mutual
Life Insurance Company for ten years
with 4 per cent irrt«rest. Th 3 proper
ties mortgaged are in the heart of the
down-town district, among them the
Grand Pacific Hotel. Revenue stamps
to the amount of $996 were on the pa
pers. This is to secure the heavy loan
just consummated by Mr. Leiter "in or
der to carry his son, Joseph <Leiter,
through his disastrous wheat specula
tions.
MEN OF DAWSON
LEAVE SHIP WITH
SACKS OF GOLD
The Garonne Arrives From the
North With Klondikers and
Their Wealth.
SEATTLE, July 23.— arrival from
Victoria this afternoon of the City of
Kingston, which connected with the
steamer Garonne from St. Michael,
caused considerable gold dust . to pour
into the assay office. One hundred and
fourteen passengers from the Yukon
.country had treasure, either in gold or
drafts, that at the lowest estimate is
placed at $300,000, while many believe
the amount to be $500,000.
The larger portion of the treasure was
held by a few old-time Yukoners. The
majority of the passengers had scarce
ly more than $1000 each. Among the
rich men were the following:
E. Alyward, Puget Sound. $40,000
Jack Brothers, Ottawa • 35,000
N. Adams. Portland 30,000
G. H. Church, Juneau.. 30.000
H. N. Jacobson, Sacramento 20,000
R. B. Taylor, Yvheaton, 111 15.000
C. B. Elliott, Chicago 10,000
William Buckingham. Chicago 10,000
P. H. Young. Winnipeg •••• 8,000
Lewis Hfnger, Whatcom B.'iOO
A. B. McDonald. x<.ochester 5,000
The Garonne left St. Michael on July
12, just previous to the arrival of the
Seattle No. 1 from Dawson. She had
160 passengers with $500,000 in gold and
drafts. The steamer Leelanaw had ar
rived with two barges and two river
steamers. tt&£
3 The Alliance was expected *to leave
St. Michael for Seattle on July IS with
two-thirds of the river passengers
brought down on the Seattle No. 1.
The Yukon was still getting lower, and
many believed the low water record
would be broken this year.
The river steamers John C. Barr and
Rock Island No. 1 left for Dawson on
the r.th and 11th, respectively, laden
with passengers. It was thought that
the Reck Island drew too much water
to. get over the bar. She had the pas
sengers of the Garonne.
It is reported that the ♦ steamer
Charles Nelson had trouble with her
passengers. Some of them had been
landed and were living in boats on the
beach. Others refused to leave the
ship, as the company's river steamers
had not arrived. The Nelson was oth
erwise leady to sail south with a iot of
passengers. „,„„
Two of the arrivals to-day— illiam
Buckingham and C. B. Elliott of Chi
cago—have returned from Manook
Creek. Just before they left, a nugget
weighing $184 was washed out. They
r< port that as high as 40 cents to the
pan was recently obtained on Russian
Creek. •
4» ■
LOST THEIR ALL IN THE
COPPER RIVER DISTRICT
TACOMA. July 23.— G. A. Kinsley
and W. L. McDonald of Stockton, Cal.,
Etre two miners just returned from Cop
per River. Their little pile has melted
away until they have barely enough to
reach home.
■ We left San Francisco last Novem
ber in a party of seven," said G. A.
Kinsley to-day. "A company was
formed, and each of us took stock.
When we left we were asured byaman
who said he had been in that country
that he would put us on good paying
ground. We landed at Orca on Decem
ber 11. From then on until we left
we had not been anywhere near paying
ground, and there is not the slightest
probability of any one ever getting on
ground in the Copper River country
that pays, or even ground that gives
color. Provisions are cheaper at Valdes
than here. Many times during the last
two months Hour has beer sola for 65
cents a sack. For over forty miles the
alleged trail is lined wit'i provisions,
left there by disappointed miners who
will never go back. If the mass of
people in there do not get out soon the
steamer lines or the Government will
have to bring them out.
"There has not been enough gold
taken out of that infernal country to
fill a small cavity in a tooth. We have
spent many years in mines in Colorado
and know what we are talking about
when we say that the Copper River
district is not a mining country. We
traveled around and prospected wher
ever there was the slightest probability
of success, but always with the same
result— no color. Six more disap
pointed men here from Copper River
were members of the Worcester
(.Mass.) party of forty-three that
started north three months ago with
big outfits and flattering prospects.
Several of the party are "strapped,"
and must go to work to get funds to
carry them home.
E. A. Pope of Illinois, now at Juneau,
probably had the most thrilling ex
perience of anybody who has ever ven
tured into the Copper River country.
Last April he lost a big outfit in Taza
line River while making his way from
Valdes to Copper River. He then
joined five members of a Government
expedition In an attempt to locate a
summer route to Copper River, along
an alleged Russian trail across the
Alaskan Range. Crossing the divide to
Tasmonia River, they veerel eastward
to the head waters of Low River, which
they followed down to Great Box Can
yon, through which the waters of a
large basin are drained into Prince
William Sound. This canyon is six
miles long with crooked turns and
granite walls 900 to 1500 .feet high.
The Government party built a raft
and started through the canyon on
May 22. Near its certer they suddenly
turned a bend and dashed over a 16
foot waterfall. The raft slruck a rock
below and broke into pieces. Pope
struggled to the right bank, where, wet
to the skin, he spent four cold rainy
days, without food, gazing up at the
perpendicular cliffs and hoping that his
companions, if saved, would come back
and let ropes down to rescue him.
Finally, in sheer desperation, he
made a ladder by tying alder bushes
together with strips of his clothing. By
fastening this to snags and rocks he
climbed upward 1500 feet, knowing that
a single misstep would dash him to
death. The day after reaching the
top he wandered into Valdes nearly
dead. His companions, who were ca.r
ried downstream on a piece of the raft,
believed he had been drowned.
KILLS THE MAN WHO
WRECKED HIS HOME
Pomona Bancher Slays His Cousin
and a Coroner's Jury Justi
fies the Act.
POMONA, July 23.— The culmination
of the suspicions that James Martinez,
a well-known ranchman in Pomona
Valley, has had regarding his young
and handsome wife's behavior, came at
2 o'clock this morning when he shot his
cousin, Jose Martirez to death at the
family homestead near Spadra.
James Martinez is a descendant of
the proud old Martinez family that
once owned land grants in Contra
Costa County. He is 38 years of age
and was married in 1891. His wife is 24
and is generally esteemed the hand
somest Spanish woman in Pomona Val
ley. She was formerly a belle in Span
ish society in Bakersfleld.
For a long time James Martinez de
clined to believe the reports of his
friends concerning his wife's relations
with his attractive cousin, Jose Mar
tinez, who lived with his parents and
sisters on a neighboring' ranch. A
month- ago, however, he caught Jose
in his house late one night, whereupon
Jose confessed having wronged him.
James Martinez magnanimously for
gave Jose when the latter vowed he
would immediately go to Fresno and
live there, and to have no further com
munication with the wife.
Last Tuesday James was Informed
that Jose was secretly hiding In Po
mona Valley, and that he and Mrs.
Martinez communicated with each
other. James armed himself and gave
no indication of his suspicions. He
told his wife last evening that he had
business in Pomona and would be
away from home all night. He came
to Pomona, remained about a billiard
hall all the evening, and then started
home. He reached there at midnight
Secretly approaching the house, he en
tered and went to bed.
At 2 o'clock he was roused by some
one stealing into the kitchen through
an open window. He called out and
got out of bed at once. He saw in the
moonlight Jose Martinez crossing the
floor in his stocking feet. At that mo
ment Jose started back and then he
fired twice at James. The bullets
went into the casing of the door an
inch from James. The latter snatched
up a revolver, and, running into the
dining-room, flred deliberately at Jose
The cousin groaned and fell back upon
the floor. James says he walked closer
and fired twice at the prostrate body.
Then he lighted a lamp, and, leaving
everything at home untouched, he
drove to Pomona, hunted a policeman
and gave himself up.
The Coroner's jury rendered a verdict
that Jose Martinez came to his death
by justifiable Bhooting at the hands of
James Martinez, who is now free.
CHRISOSTIMO CASTRO
DIES AT MONTEREY
Sudden Passing of a Descendant of
a Castilian Family Prominent
in Early Days.
MONTEREY, July 23.— Chrisostimo
Castro, one of Monterey's quaintest fig
ures, a relic of the old Mexican regime
in this State and a member of a branch
of ihe celebrated Castro family, fell
dead on a street last night.
i "hrisostimo Castro was a Southern
Californlan by birth and lived
in Monterey for thirty years. He mar
ried a sipter of Rosario Duarte, the
head of the fishing' industry of Mon
terey and for years a prominent figure
hereabouts. Castro was known to
everyone in this section for the past
few years as "Old Diamond Castro,"
ff What is it ? It is the only producer of strength and manliness. That is a
ff large claim. But it is founded on facts as strong, as the everlasting hills. Many
A? men are weak. Most of them are weak because of excesses in early life. Twenty
H thousand of them have applied to the Hudson Medical Institute for treatment.
ff 20,000 of those who were weak are strong to-day. These 20,000 men were
ffl treated with "Hudyan." It is exaggerating, then, to say that "Hudyan" is the only
M producer of strength and manliness ? Certainly not. It cures all classes of
a weakness. Is it nature's own remedy. You have overworked your brain. "Hud-
m yan" replaces the wasted gray matter. You have taxed your stomach too HL
M heavily. "Hudyan" supplies digestive power. We might go on indefinitely, but
$ that would be uninteresting. "Hudyan," in one word, makes up for all loss of 1|
M vital force. The abuse of the power given you once was stupid folly. But -'it is
If never too late to mend." This grand remedio-treatment saves manhood, and it B
B If yon suffer from debilitation of any nature all you need do is to write to the Institute, a
h[ or call there if you can, and ask for proof of these statements. Circulars and testimonials 3
l| showing what "Hudyan" has done for weak and puny men afe sent you with pleasure, and you if
\\ can get the best medical advice that there is in the wide world free. If you have blood taint 3
v say so, and you will be told what you should do and what "30-day blood cure" will do for you. fif
s\ No single cent of expense to you. Then why not have what is co freely oflered ? You want lj
u^ to have a clean system and you want to be a manly man. You know that. Then why not a
ik put out one effort ? If there was no procf offered it would te a different matter. It is not M
% only offered to you, .but without one particle of expense. Get it. a
\ HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, I
Stockton, Market and EIIKs Streets, M
\\. THE ONLY PUCE O/V EARTH WHERE YOU CAN GET JbF
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VrnWrn'm WmWm
FOR THIS WEEK.
- ■ ,
Gloves.
O| F»fl PAlR— Bs dozen 3-clasp|
Trefousse Kid G'oves, the
I very best glove in the mar-j
ket ; all sizes, in desirable
shades. Regular price $2.
Every pair fitted and war-
ranted.
Hosiery.
ja| 150 dozen Misses' Fast;
I / P Black Cotton Rlbbed Hose .
Im9wl doub ' e i< ne e s . high-spliced
heels and toes ; a good
school hose ; sizes 6to 9\.
Regular price 20c.
2/» 100 dozen Children's extra
||fll fine Ribbed Cotton Hose,;
yh| fast black, high-spliced
heels and toes ; sizes 5 to:
8^; a good wearing hose.
Regular price 35c.
123 to 129 POST STREET.
because of a hallucination from which
he suffered. Some years ago an Italian
died and left his cane to Castro, say
ing in the cane Castro would find the
key to his wealth. Castro tried every
way to find the "key," but to no avail,
and, finally, becoming disgusted, he
sold the cane to Thomas Oliver. Oliver,
thinking to play a joke on the old man,
knocked the head off the cane and pre
tended to find some very fine diamonds
inside the head. He, of course, never
produced the stones, but Castro, with
the disappointment and persistency of
age. brooded over his supposed loss
until it became a mania with him. On
all other subjects he preserved a keen
intellect until the end.
MINNIE MURDOCH'S CLAIM.
Sensational Suit Against a Million
aire Rancher Soon to Be Tried.
The old and sensational claim of Min
nie Murdock against the estate of Wil
liam Murdock, the millionaire rancher of ■
Glenn County, to recover $350. 000 on a
promissory note, dated September 5, 1877,
Dress Goods.
$S? flfl A SUIT— BS ress Pat-
ErgiUU terns in very neat effects,
J dark .colorings, siik and
wool mixtures. Regular
price $9.00 and $7.50
a suit.
Ribbons.
aaa A YARD— 37S pieces All-
§ B^ft Silk Fancy Taffeta Ribbons,
I |J|| in plaid and stripe effects,
3! inches wide ; extra good
quality. Regular price 35c
and 25c.
7pp EACH — 40 dozen Ladies'
lHj|^ Shirt Waists, this season's
iJll styles, made of Madras
and Percales ; choice pat-
terns. Reduced from $1.50
and $1.25.
will soon come up in the courts. The
plaintiff in the action is a niece of the de
ceased millionaire, and it is said that her
claim lacks merit on the ground that sev
eral well known handwrn -•» experts in
this city have pronounced tne instrument
a forgery. Whether or not the conten
tion of the experts is ha=i d on fart, how
ever, will soon be determined. Prominent
counsel, it is said, have been engaged,
and interesting developments are ex
pected.
THE SHIP KENNEBEC
GIVEN UP AS LOST
Was on the Way From Baltimore to
San Francisco With a Big
Cargo of Coal.
NEW YORK. July 23.— A Baltimore dis
patch to the Herald says the ship Ken
nebec, Captain Lewis, which sailed from
this port January 11 last with a carpo of
nearly 3000 tons of coal for S*ui Fran-
Cisco, has in all probability been lost.
She is out 194 days to-day, and there are
but slight hopes that she will ever be
heard from again. She was bu!lt in Bath,
Me., in 1 Ssn , and made many voyages
around Cape Horn to the Golden Gate.IRISH WEEK
IN THE HOUSE
OF COMMONS
An Interesting Review
by Clancy.
STRUGGLE FOR LOWER TAXES
AN UNJUST DISCRIMINATION
AMOUNTING TO ROBBERY.
When Ireland Docs to England What
the United States Has Done to
Spain Her Rights May
Be Recognized.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
LONDON. Ju'y After an interval
devoted to English and Scottish af
fairs—during which the most con
spicuous incident has been the blos-
Boming out of Sir William Harcourt,
the Liberal leader, into a full-blown
"2io Popery" crusader — the House of
Commons has returned to the subject
of Ireland. We have just passed
through another "Irish week" in that
assembly, and it certainly has not been
the least interesting since the session
began.
The week commenced with a discussion
of the financial grievance of Ireland, a
ord or two about which may be useful
efore I deal with the debate. When the
union of ISOO between Great Britain and
Ireland was accomplished by the act of
union of that year, it was provided, in
consequence of the great disproportion
between the debts of the two countries,
that Ireland should never be taxed on the
high British level till tv. contingencies
occurred, namely, tii! the debts of the two
countries came to bear to each other a
certain specified proportion, and till the
circumstances of the two countries be
came similar. By tixing the contribution
of Ireland to the Imperial expenditure at
an extremely high ligure the first event
was brought about in 1816, the Irish debt
having been aised in the Interval from
about twenty millions sterling to one
hundred and twelve millions. Thereupon,
without waiting for the occurrence of the
second event, the exchequers of the two
countries were amalgamated and Ireland
was declared to be sub.iect to the same
taxation as Great Britain. The act of
Parliament, however, by which this vlo
lation of the act of the union was effect
ed contained provisions for giving to Ere
land Certain "exemptions and abate
ments and down to 1553 certain articles
of consumption were actually taxed less
in Ireland than in Great Britain, while
up to that time the Income tax had never
been extended to Ireland.
But in that year Mr. Gladstone, about
whom so many Irishmen have gone into
raptures of late, commenced the process
which he himself completed in 18C3 of
making imperial taxation uniform in all
respects through Great Britain and ire
land. The results have been very strik
ing. In the ten years between 1553 and
1563 the taxation of Ireland rose 52 per
cent, while that of Great Britain rose
only IS per cent; and if the present state
of things be impared with that wntcn
prevailed Jn ISOO we find that whereas the
taxation of Great Britain per head of the
population has largely decreased while
the population has trebled, the taxation
per head In Ireland has doubled while the
population is b^low that of ISOO and Is less
than half whai it was tifty years ago.
A continual protest Llnst this system
of robbery by taxation has. of course,
been kept up by Ireland, but without ef
fect, though the late Sir Stafford North
coto C afterward Lord Iddesleigh) for
many years leader of the English Tory
party, "signed in 1864 a report of a com
mittee ot inquiry in which it was de
clared that "Ireland was one of the
heaviest and ■ gland one of the lightest
taxed countries in the world." The sec
ond home rule bill of Mr. Gladstone was
Indirectly the means of fanning into a
flame the Irish agitation on this subject.
The discussion of Its financial provisions
resulted in the appointment of a royal
commission to inquire into the subject,
and that body, composed of ex-officials
of the British Treasury Itself and other
exports and representing all political par
ties, all but unanimously reported that
Ireland, taking into account its relative
taxable capacity, was over-taxed to the
extent of nearly £3.000,000 a year. This
report waked ip all Ireland with the ex
ceptlon of Belfast, and for the last two
years all political parties in Ireland out
side that town and all classes also have
united in an agitation for the relief of the
grievance. It is hi response to this agi
tation that the matter has been brought
up In the House of Commons, and there
I? no doubt that the last will not be heard
of it for many a day in that assembly.
Mainly through the efforts of Mr. John
Redmond, the leader of the Independent
party, the Irish members of all sections
(with five Orangi exceptions from
ITlpter) have been Induced to act together
Jn this matter in the House of Commons,
Rnd It was at the request of the united
body that Mr. Redmond became its
spokesman on Monday by opening the de
bate. The selection of Mr. Redmond was,
of course, an excellent one. No man in
Parliament can speak with greater clear
ness and directness, and on this occasion
his ha'racteristlc qualities as an orator
were admirably manifested. Among the
other speak, rs on the Irish sl<V > were Mr.
L,ecky. the distinguished historian, who
sits for the University of Dublin. Mr.
Lecky speaks like his books and with the
most extraordinary fluency, but he does
po in such a Bingsong, monotonous style
thai what he. says usually loses half Its
efrect. He, however, is listened to and
■p.-ith resnpct. and seldom fails to infl'i
ence. The leader of the Irish Unionist
party al?o, Colonel Saunderson, lent th^
aid of his rousrh-and-ready eloquence to
the cause for which Mr. Redmond plea l
ed, and he was followed on the same side
Jn the discussion which ensued by Mr.
Edward Blnke, the Canadian Irishman,
who Is not quite a success in the British
iment; Sir Edward Clarke, the
famous English lawyer, who is one the
few English advocates of Ireland in this
matter and who 1 s one of the most ef
fective pncaWTS In the Houh» of Com
mons: Mr. T. M Healy. whose char
acteristics as parliamentarian T need
hardly cl^pcribp. and who on this occa
sion poured out 5 ctream of bitlncr invec
tive and sarcasm on the British op
ponents of the [rish cause, and others,
Ercrllsh nd Irish, of leaser note.
The answer was the old one. The Ch.an
cpilor of the Exchequer. iMisvmpathetic,
dull and dry as dust, denied th<> existence
of .th ■ grlf>vn?iop imolalned of altogeth
er. His point was bat every - man was
taxed t/'e same In every part of the
throe kingdoms— the very thing with
vhlch Irishmen find fault, contending
that under the. act of union they are
entitled to br. taxed at a lower rate than
either Knpliphmen or tchmen; he
would not consent as a Unionist tO treat
Ireland us a sonarnte geographical en
tity; and.' finally, h<- found n setoff for
any overtaxation which might exist in
the extravagant ■ ndlture In Ireland
— setoff. I v the way, which does hot
e*lst and vhlch con only t,,. represented
as existing by counting as Irish expendi
ture enormous sums which are act
ually Bpeni i n Ireland for imperial pur
pr.pra and by counting as Imperial expen
diture other enormous sums which are
ppent in England for strictly English pur
poses. Thi« lino of argument was adopt
ed also by Mr. Ralfour at the close of the
debate, and there was scarcely more com
fort to be derived by rrishmen from the
deliverance of Sir William Hnrcourt who.
speaking In behalf of the Liberals at
one and the same time Indorsed the mnin
finding in the rrnort of the. Royal Com
mission nnd denied tl at any man in Ire
innd ought to be taxed less than any
man in corresponding circumstances In
England. Yl'Y 1 '' 111 1 the pffect of thls answer
will be in Ireland I do not like to pre
dict. In other days not long gone by
name) y. when Parnell was at the head
of the Irish popular movement—lndigna
tion would soon. find vent In action. At
present Trish politics are in such a state
of eonfunlon and paralysis that even a
non-political movement embracing all
! parties is not very likely to be po con- j
ducted ob to bring trouble and Inconven- j
ience to the Government. Yet, as 1 said
myself in the debate- -with which I have
been dealing, trouble and inconvenience
are the only arguments which England
will expect when she is asked to stop
fobbing Irish money.
After I had heard the speeches of the
Chancellor of the Exchequer and Sir
Wll'inm Harcourt 1 stated that if the
Irish were in a position to send an Ad
i miral Dewey or an Admiral Sampson to
d<> for London and some other British
ports what those officers had done at Ma
nila and Santiago the exact meaning of
el of union of 1800 would become
plain to the meanest British Intelligence,
but not otherwise; and l added that, if
the Irish organization tn charge of the
financial relations movement, instead of
Issuing pamphlets and leaflets, convert
ed Itself Into a committee to discover
means fur cheating the revenue, benefi
cial practical results might be attained
before long, but not otherwise. Of Course.
this expression of opinion has awakened
Indignation, but al! the same I be
lieve that I spoke only the naked truth.
As soon as the debate on tne Irish finan
cial Krlevance was over the House of
Commons entered on a consideration of
the provisions of the local government
mil, as amended in committee. In par
liamentary language this is known as the
report state, and will probably last till
the clos£ of next week. The matters BO
far discussed are not of much importance,
and, indeed, the same remark applies to
what remains to be discussed. One of the
new subjects brought up was in a new
clause proposed by myself, and will, per
haps, be of moment to persons Interested
In theaters and tne drama. Up to 1786
there prevailed in Ireland, contrary to the
custom in Ene-land. absolute free trade in
theaters. Any one could set up a theater
anywhere in Ireland and play anything
he liked in it. In the year referred to,
however, some insult was offered in a
Dublin theater to the Lord Lieutenant of
tne day, and in consequence an act was
passed for Dublin city and county by the
Irish Parliament prohibiting the per
formance of any stage plays except in
places licensed by patents from the
crown. Since then that law has remained
unaltered, and under it there nave always
existed In Dublin two or three theaters,
but none hi the surrounding townships,
and it is Illegal for persons to perform a
play of any kind, even for the p ■;:
of helping a Ci.arity. except in the thea
ters to which I have referred. I sought
to confer on the Dublin corporation and
the new Dublin County Council (which is
to be) merely the power to give occa
sional licenser, for the Derformani f
plays which has been possessed In
England by the local authorities for over
half a century. The Government compro
mised the matter by consenting to confer
that power on the Lord Lieutenant, and
this arrangement will, of course, effect
the purpose I had m view, which was to
enable dramatic performances to be given
in town halls and such places by ama
teurs for purposes of charity or amuse
ment. The ludicrous results of the pres
ent law may be illustrated by a slngl»
c a few years ago one James
McNallv, who organized a pantomime in
the Dublin Mechanics' Institute and had
it played for about a month, was acfu
nllv sued by the Government for tb>- full
penalty he had incurred und< r the old
act of 17SR, namely, 300 pounds Bterling for
each performance, or over £10.000 in all!
McNally, of course, div not defend the
n. "and judgment was I; but
as told by the Attorney Gen
eral for Ireland the other night, was
us. McNally, it appears,
went tn Dublin Castle, interviewed the
told him that, thoui
was ". be possessed no \
■ Bolemnly cautioned thai for
■itrainst wasting the public
mom further attempt to exti
from him what he had not got— advice,
the Attnrnpv General, amid the
al laughter of the House cf ■
mons. which was followed by the Castle
authorities!
COMMODORE SCHLEY
HELD ON TO THE LOG
And Told an Impertinent Spanish
Officer That He Was Not En
titled to Consideration.
■ the Ajm elate I Pn»ss.
GUANTANAMO PAY. July 11.—
Admiral Cervera and the other
officers of the fleet of Spain were about
to sail on the Pt. I,ouis a.s prisoners of
war It was discovered by Flag Lieu
tenant James H. Sears that the officers
of th*- Cristobal Colon had their log
books with them. He reported the fact
to Commodore Schley, who at once or
dered them seized.
The second in command, Adolphus
Contreros, captain of the frigate, cams
aboard the Brooklyn and asked that
they be returned, as they were the
only records saved. Commodore Schley
said: "I will turn them over to my
Government for information."
Contreros stormed and pleaded, and
finally Commodore Schley lost his
temper, as much as he ever does— and
that is little — and said:
"I do not see that you are entitled to
ciny consideration at all. You sunk
your ships after you had surrendered.
; You ruined your guns and di I every
thing that a dishonorable enemy could
think of. I shall hold your log."
The story told by the log book is an
Interesting one. The minute details, as
translated by Lieutenant Benjamin
Wells Jr., from the daily record, con-
Ftitute a complete story of the move
ments of Admiral Cervera's fleet from
the time they left Spain to the memor
able day of destruction.
NOTED MISSIONARY ARRIVES.
A noted missionary, Archdeai m Wolfe,
arrived in this city yesterday from the
privtnce of Fukien. China. He has been
engaged In missionary work fur the last
forty yean, thirty-ci^ht of which have
been passed in Fuchau, the capital and
lar^f-st city of the Fukien province.
Mr. Wolfe hai been at the head of
the missionary work of the entire prov
ince, which has a population ol -
Prom 1850 t<> US6O the nuinl.t-r of converts
wns thr»-<-. Smce the arri\-.ti of Rev. .Mr.
Wolfe in tho province, which was in lsoi.
the number of converts reaches 60,000, <>f
which the English society claims 20,000,
opal church societies
20,000 and the American Board of Foreign
The massacn- of 1896. in which eleven
Christians were killed, is charged by Rev.
Mr. \\'<.!f.> to local dissatisfaction with
the Government. According to the arch
deacon the Chinese arc entirely devoid of
patriotism, and he notices a constantly
-inf- r tendency amonK them to con
form to English ideas and a willing
fm their pa Ive instruction In the
Knglish language.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and oonfers Ueßrees. Rare
opportunities offered in music. One hour's ride
from San Frai Write fur rataloKue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. President. Mills College
rflce, Alameda County, CaL Thirty-second
year. Fall term opens August 3.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Xesp ave.J op. -us Aupust 18. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar, Weltesley an.l Smith
ootlege*. Aocred ted to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten In connection with the
school . Number of housa pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary). IS4S Jackson Rt., S. F.
Term opens Au«u»t 4. Departments scbool
\\..rk from Kindergarten to College I'repara-
torj Ourst Address Miss SARAH D, HAM-
LIN, MRS. KI'NA FNKI.L POl/LSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladli-s. 2126 California Mt., San Francisco. Will
reopen Aupust L Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music, pri-
mary department for children. ''Hrriaite will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPABATORT SCHOOL
—This FChool prepares students fir th<- uni-
versity, law and medtcaj 'illeges; Its grad-
uatpp are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the prlnclnal: references,
President Jordan or any Stanford professor. ;
Phelan building. j
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
* The Wine and Wednesday \and Friday "Bargain Sales Resumed This Week. Our large Fall <
X Lquor Depart- " . Catalogue, now J
{ m:nt has been J^^^ JS j£*«* Jl M P iT* 4^L fj ' n fcd^fre^T *
! -r, 1^ <UP Uif III! no TOP S of £r* \
cries and heav- name and ad- 4
♦ ily re-stocked. €LJ^ dress early, as «
♦ Note prices. >l§r Getting the young folks ready to resume work a week from to-morrow will be the feature of 3^ \ A ' "2
p. _ '^^^L this week's merchandising in the big store. There are some very good bargains for grown-up- Jm&S. * C • <
* I r> " > >^-«k vl^^ P folks* as well, as a perusal of this announcement will disclose. Next week we shall have consider- *
%k : ' .I' 1 'Jr * Js!slm^^ able to say about school books and schoolroom supplies. <^jffl^. 'ism* %
* j^pssr s Gloves for Dress Fabrics. fe^S 1
» H^^ffl^r Ladies and Children. Suggestions for Mothers . M% I
5 MmmW * brS^nack't^s' & "'"" Ail-woo. Suiting, in dark ' I
ft n f?,nci' !r«-,?^ 85" checks and mixtures— just the fabric • *
! \3mW You'll Need ln cS;.t sl^ P f-5« fj^l ?l !!!!: l?c Good Values *^H I
♦ Bs£h&A Ties 1 and Neckwear. g^SSgt?^ dust . tt r rO of fabrics— admir-ihlv suited Children's 20c Heavy Black Ribbed XK??m 4
* BSa White Lawn Wash Strin; Ties, 5 Boys> Kld G !oves, P ;que Swear- er 5 Cotton School Hose-tast black ,_ «fl9 <
♦ K^W% 5C each and 2 f0r......... - sewn, embroidered backs, in reds, tor school wejr per ard -r —per pair 15c fe?f«l3 *
J S%)SM Colored Wash String lies, JQ browns and tans, all sizes, <. nn "•^inch"Ryfs e d"Monair " and Wool Children's Fine Ribbed Double MM <
J §PPp! eachscand.........^.. wVIV UC strongest made, per pair $1.00 c^ $ eh MM S "1 s°rv iceaWe rniors Knee Black Cotton Seamless Hose- 19 «
'I mUmk Q Co!or^ d and . Plain Wash 12.1 c Ladies' 2-clasp Mocha Suede, em- f or sc hool fro-ks-on yard ' s P liced heeis anJ toes-fast OA 'Wit
I £i-J!ll^Sn- String Ties. each. •••; >*-i<~ broidered backs, in blacks, browns, tor school fro.ks per yard Q black— all sizes— per pair 20c eg= J
*Bl Pi White Lawn Bow Ti-s, ice -, reds and jrreens, all sizes, war- <. m *"^'inch"cheviot" Suiting "in" two- Children's 50c Fine Ribbed Fancy B 4
1 |1H "fesw-s.-Biw-TS-. l^ 'Tj^birß^^ £^ h f.»«Si j .^" hh — $j.oo ml
I ■ ii=i : ,J SKSS« SHH^™4o SSsssfe Ji
ig| 2ssE^.^ »oc s^ms^^f 555&5&7 i^i™^ jHj
» ffl¥ Whilt P '" US PUff lXS ' 25C ' 75' in? K!ovfs ' re » ular rrlK 25 - tZ Srtinatsii^ Boys' 2 c IxtVa HeVvVcoVduroy 1 J
» ■■ schoolw;.ir). fi.25 to »«S $25 >P - CUijt a few mo-hers will gtt a bi 8 bar- !T.rv ebst ic-o-r S^ o^ 19c AX ' <
* mwMB schoolwear), ?i.25 to 4>Z.DU a tew mo. tiers will get a big bar- en v . ru f hctif_n»r mir 19c /£&7«*¥s3sls «
i #!# Fancy Embroidered Chemi^ . gain n these goods-per. yard... 50c Reai" Maa "Black ife?JPf <
%II Embroidered jabo s, 50c to ZZ™ Children's black only-quiet, neat and s'*5 '* go ton Hose fine ribbed -three- «
r S^fef . S2 50 T>^ '^. TT J serviceable— per yard S(JC thread— .xtra heavy spiked heel, \li^^| r lli «
tfl ■• EnSoTd^-sio-i; bou,, * Knit Underwear. , ; r r. H .!^™.. dy r! $1.00 \%
*HV 50c, 85c and yi.H Child's Heavy Merino Underwear, Ladies' 50c German made Ingrain I^W&Xim 4
X ||§ white and natural, size 18 to 9 - H^nrltr^rr'hf^fQ Black Lisle Thread Hose— Richelieu F*MMmm§ <
I mff • lSJ^«r Q4-, 7 t pc 34. each OanQKerCnieiS. and Rembrandt ribbed-white tipped i^fl!| 5
» FT: 3 INeW OiyieS Child's fleece - lined Jersey-ribbed Children's White Lawn , heels and toes— 3 pairs lor *< nrt TsS^^ 3
» ym rnlt^r«;r n1t^r«; and Cliffy Underwear, ecru and natural, - Her.stitched Handkerchiefs, each. OC , $I.UU ffit «
» H 1-OliarS ana V-Ullb. siz s from 3to I 2 years, each... 25C Children's White and Printed Bor- rMmmMss.
* f$M Children's Linen Collars (full turn Child's fleece-lined Egyptian Cot- der Hrmstitched Handkerchiefs, nar- T J> ' TT«4^,tt«^«. %£s*■ i «
* II over) each f _, ton Union Suits, ecru and natural, ro w and wide hems, also lace _ JUaOieS Unaerwear. *&&W&mm£ <
? 18 (Cuffs to match, 25c per pair).. \2.iZ sizes trom 3to 10 years, each... ~_ edged and Spanish work, each 5c Ladies' heavy, fleece - lined Vests *"^vWBH <
ft m Plain standing and turn-down Linen • • <£3C Sheer Lawn Scalloped and fr . and Pants, ecru and natural, S
5. M Collars, all sizes, large variety, fOI Child's Pure Scotch V{on-ShrinkabU Embroidered, special, each >UC finished seams, each £3C || '
* \.Z ioc and \2-iZ Wool Underwear, natural color— Hemstitched and Embroidered, f _ Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed 1
♦ IS . Plain straight Linen Cuffs, t-jt -j Size. Price. | Size. Price. ail linen, special, each >5c Cashmere A\erino Vests, Non- Shrink- i>j <
* B^k. all sizes, per pair Jz^C 18 35c |28 60: Scalloped and Embroidered, on able, Pink, White, Natural or $.. jjimk <
ft i^^Su_ f ain nl< Linen Cuffs, all __ 20 40c 130 65c large assortment, each 2XjZ Black, each JDI »UU m^£M i *
£ ■gSsSSJ) sizes, p?r pair 2.0Z 22 45c j32 70: Scalloped Embroidered, Hemstitch- Ladies' "Oneita" Union Suits," 50 '•lliL'JB ! 4
I .' .■•-■•• -..^^ Children's Cape Collars, all f _ 24 50c j34 75c ed Embroidered and Lace Edge, per cent wool, Non-Shrinking, *.. _j» \
f» BSS&&? sizes— each JUC 26 55c! all linen, extra good value, each. *>OZ j natural or white, each C 51./3 <g£S^ n
R. .. , . .
I Wash Fabrics
i For School Dresses.
* Dainty Printed I2>^c Organdies, •
r sheer cloth, hair line, striped-,
1? yeave— now '2C
j£ High Grade Imported 25c Dimi les,
|k in white grounds and select col- .. /o
% orings — colors fast— now 103 c
JV Balance of our imported 20c Cotton
* Crepe Fabrics (Japanese productions)
j£ —always looks neat— wears well, and
'? need? "neither starching nor <qi
J ironing— now JOoC
jp, Anothershipment of Cotton Covert
* Suiting— the colorings that are styl-
,* ish, new nd serviceable — wash
*• sphndidly — fine '- for school
* dresses • >^2 C
■f ; : '■■ Linen Crash Suiting— dainty stripes
j£ —an up-to-date fabric — odd «^i
'+ lots— 0 close \LiQ.
fr';; About 200 pieces ehgant Tennis
»■ Flannel— soft and warm — neat color-
* ings — a very special va.ue — per _ x
J yard -. '-> c
I School Clothing
{ For Boys and Girls.
* For the u-eek before school opens
* special cut£ in prices to redu.e our
T overlarge stock of Children's Fine
J| Wearing Apparel.
> Girls' 65c
* -^Aj/ Gingham
fr #*-C^CX. Aprons, lace
* • t<S^^< trimmed, re-
tL. w^?^ ' JC: ' d t0
a /rfS~-£&y*L<i&) $i.oo\V.ish
«s V\ #*V^¥ /'sJw Dresses, size
* Miff aiUolUr*
* /r^r* V^^3Li/ nneste '^' e st style,
'* jt====liL^T\ Children's
* /*? \. Guimre
* ( \ *)/ Dresses, fine
* \ /f imbrey, all
\ ' colors, neatly
J trimmed, for ages 2to s years, ->- .„
J reduced to cbl. ID
$, Boys' 69: Gingham Aprons, lace
if> trimmed, tox plaits, reduced to Af^
■ . |» ■■ tUC
* Children's $1.25 Wash Chambrey
"jr Dresses, pink, blues, greens and all
J? the new checks and stripes, embroid-
J cry trmm;d, this season's goods,
9, for ages 2 to 5 years, reduced to Gfm
£ O3C
ii> $i-75 Fine Organ ie Dresses, all
* shades, elegantly trimmed with em-
'*£ broiJerv and lace, ages 2 to 5 Cl ,_
J yeirs, reduced t0.:... vJJi.I3
J;-'.; Children's $2 fine Organdie Dresses,
£, best colors, newest styles, trimmed
> with fancy embroidery to match
#> color of dress, for ages 2 to oj ok
■& 5, reduced to 5>l«J3
* Heavy Muslin Drawers, three tucks,
T ages for 2 to 12, reduced lo
«, .....:.. ioc, 12c, 14c, 17c, 2dc ani **C
,5, $4.50 Pique Coats, rink and blue,
,g» elegantly trimmed with embroidery
* and infertion, -finely made, this sea-
* -son's sty forages Ito 5 -,» _„
■£ years, reduce 1 to «3>J./3
* y~* 1: 75 and S2 Cloth Jackets, all
«* styles, all colors, perfect conJition,
0, for ages 2 to 7 years, reduced G _
£ to : 85c
&■ 56.50, 57.50, $8.50 Broidcloth
(k Jackets, fancilv trimmed wi'h braid
.*■ and ribbon, latest styes this season's
* novelties, for a^es 4 to 7 C .. A
S year?, reduced to 3)4.95
* ~~ " — '
J Twenty Items of
J House Furnishings.
f& Large-size Fly Trap, 10 Inches h1gh....150
I* Tin Pie Plates, each :te
a Small Tin Teakettle, each 14c
™" Islckeltlne Stove Polish 3c
(S* 4-qt. steel-enameled Milk Cans 4<)c
,|V Full size Wood Potato Masher 5c
«l 6-lb Geneva Sad Iron 24c
I*^ i^-pt. can of Best Metal Polish 15c
'& 3Vi Kallon Steel-enameled Soup Pot, ■
■(V with cover .'. 7So
£, 1-qt. steel-enameled Pudding Pan....- J)c
T 6-c|t. steel-enameled . Preserving Kettle27c
"^ 7-inch steel-enameled Fry Pan J2c
(JJ> 1-qut. Covered Tin : 8ucket.. ... ......... 5c
A. 3-qt. Heavy Tin Saucepan 12c
!T [tellable one-burner Oil 5t0ve5.. ...... 75c
X 3-ply Garden Hose, per f00t........... -»V4c
1^ 3-qt. 1 steel-enameled Kettle, with ball
fa. handle .;...... .......". ...........12c
*"» r.-nt steel-enameled Stew I'an 2uc
1 Extra ■ large, Painted Bird Cage. Mso
** Wood j Coat Hangers -5c
Large; heavy Wood Bucket 200
fe
THE EMPORIUM.
cX ri Cloak Department
Special and deep cuts in all high-priced garments this
week. High-priced fine imported Dresses, Jackets and
C:pes cut nearly one-half — Wash Dresses and Skirts, all
qualities, reduced in price — $15 Pique and Grass Cloth
Dresses now 59.95— 510 ones now 57.45 — all others same
v:.iY—ciu in price — to close out at once. ■ xv-^
75c Waists 48c.
New 75c Shirt
xbr u:*?^? (***% Wrappes
f^^s^(^T^^cV^^^Cv Good caiico, light
t?s?flA )Ih^9\ U'li ( ■■/ antldarkcolors > cut
J-o^ «^<~\ Waists, all sizes,
Kv^ Xt& 98c Wrappers
MV7 Of 69c.
r^(T^'y^\4\^^\ Good caiico, light
I ) il'i w%, 1 T" // and dark colors, cut
WV\ ddl j by $ J-50 Skirt 95c.
W Wx'/yfi \IP Z-l--^\ backb ' ack Figured
A \will '■ 11 IVI M° nair Skirt, well
/\ / 1/ /j ;. : . \i]'^ lined, bound and
A\ * l^w \ 2 \i rn'de, and full
\V^ I^Pv_ I'-^rl \\ width, cut to 95c.
\A pq/ \ $6 Silk Skirt
1 J iiPx^^Z ii Biack 'Brocaded
■^^S\ > Sr^-^^\ 6co Skirts, well
L^o^__ -*s^ — made, lined, bound
and lull width, cut
to $3.45.
$8.50 Jackets $5.95.
Assorted lot of fine new $8. 50 and Sio Jackets, Coverts
and Kersey's, some si'k lined, cut to 55.95.
$12.50 Tailor Cresses $6.75.
Assorted lot o; tan mixed only, Blazer and Fly Front
$12.50 Tailor Dresses cut to 57.45.
$7.50 Capes $4.45.
Silk-lined Cloth Capes — tucKed and braided $7.50 Capes
cut to $4.45.
$JOO Dresses $10.
Assorted lot of oIJ style Paris Dresses, original prices
<ico and $150, cut to $10.
$6.50 S:ik Waists $3.75. ''
Assorted lot uf tine $6.50, $7 anJ $7.50 Silk Waists, cut
to $3.75- '
New Veilings* $
White and Cream Fancy Wash Veils * t
25c, 50c, 75c and 4>J.UU
Sewing Silk Veiling, single width, all colors, p r o _
yard 4OC
Chiffon Veilings — Cream, Black, Brown, Blue — per _._
yard 35c, 40c and 5Uc
Plain and Dotted Tuxedo Vehings (all shades), per n _
yard 2t>C
Girls" School Hats.
50c Sailor Hats — white, navy and
black— the thing for school— re- - o
duced to JUC
25c Sailor Hats — white, navy and
black — excellent for school wear t _
—reduced to *->C
$2.50 Sailor Hats — new shapes —
bl'ick, navy, white — very f _ n
dressy school hats tor misses »pJ.i>U
Little Things
That Girls Will Need.
CniUren's and Misses' Bution
Clasp Hose Supporters 10c
Lindsay's Improved ShoulJer Brace
and Hose Support-r, with velvet
prip— Children's 20c| Misses'... 24c
Children's Indispensable Leather
Knee Protectors— per pair 25c
Children's Round Sheil Combs — all
styles— e.ich 10c
Shell :nl Amber Side Ccmji— ;x-
tra good qua itv — per pair 15c
Wire Hfirr-ins — all hz?s, crimped
and pi 'in — 3 pka;s 5c
Nickel Plated Safety Pin<— per
paper 2c and 3c
Button Hooks — Oak Handle 5c
Curling Irons 4c
White Cotton Elastic— best quality
— all widths — 2 yards 5c
Black Lisle Elastic— best quality —
>^ and % inches wide — ~»r v.t '.. 5c
P Ooldenßuie Bazaar. V *l
Ct/JLIFOnNI^i'^ LA'I{GEyI—AMET{I^Ab zTORE.
I THE EMPORIUM. |
Boys' School Clothing*
Stock complete. New Fall styles ready for
inspection. We show suits tor school use that
are thoroughly
up to the mark. + —^
Strong fabrics — ?^P\ s^T^L
strongly sewed Y^cf
— suits with, fit /v^C ' A3>ik
and style to /^feiv^x jS^Cvjf\
them. We are /]^Mk A \\
not going to irrA^^^-l Vvl / f \ r.|
have any other. (j!(l.(n^7*/ |»|j Or 'j
store serve you oH\ 0 V U^ j"{^
with Boys' - [//if WiA
Clothing that is /A tl Vyw T
either better or It /\ I If I
cheaper han *H r-^ UJ\—l
ours. That's A/ I fill
why the best ff/ll '// \J *\J \J
clothing and the // M 'tyuX fyjlf I'lLk
best moneys f/ '^Cb> <j|g) ! Hfe^>
worth always
awaits you here. We show kinds enough to
make the young hearts beat with joy.
NEW FALL VESTEE SUlTS— Jauny, new, pretty designs, ,
in wear-resisting fabrics-every one pleasing to the eye- with
deep, handsome collars 10 the jackets— natty vests and
little knee pants trimmed with strap and buckle at 52.45,
52.95 and 53.45. The latter price embraces many styles
tha" ar- worth *q and ?6 Siz-* 3to 8 years.
BOYS' NEW FALL TWO-PIECE SUlTS— Double-breasted
Coats and Knee Pants tor Doys 7 to 16 years of age —
strong, durab'e suits at 75 — worth almost double— ex-
cellent, durable, all-wool suits— in blue, black or colors— at
$1.95, f2-45, $2.95 and 53.45. Remember, every suit sold
here as wool is wool.
2-piece Suits at 5:3.95 and $4.95 come in a very large va-
riety of materials and colorings— the best and nrwest to
hi had, and the prices named mean a saving to you of
irom $1 to Si. s0 — wnMh considering.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, FALL STYLES— Splendid values
— latest style trimmings — heavy nil- wool — offered at
fii.Q!;, *2.A<?, 52.9?, an i un ro $4 9=;.
BOYS' FALL STYLES IN LONG PANTS SUITS-Strong
all-wool suits, made irom fabrics ti.ai won't tear easily —
sewn with seams that won't rip— perfect in fit and style—
single or double breasted— at $5, 56 or 57-s°. Sizes 12 to
19 vars.
' BOYS' ODD KNEE PANTS— We show an incomparable
Stock of new Fall styles in Boys' Kne*: Pants at 50:, 75c
anJ tl.
BOYS' FALL STYLES IN LONG PANTS at $i, $1.50,
$2 and S2.CO
BOYS' NEW BLOUSE WAISTS, in every color, at 50c,
7%c and tt.
Girls' Stout Shoes
for School Wear.
Two styles like
-Bss^nj illustration.made
\ jo I / of grain leather
■& I f/i with sole leather
fe \ //IiIFSR 8 ' or VidKid
I 1? V[ ( l ■$ with patent
I of I leather tips— the
I^l. /^^^>*-- I very best of oak
— ■ '^^ r^A tanned sole
'Jf o/^>» I leather, in ; but-
JF 90/^^b tons — a " ' n a " a
y%^^^!^. very good-look-
jmT J\^z> ing and particu-
(ra^f-js*^ j^ larly serviceable
school shoe.
Sizes 6 to 8, for 75c
Sizes to 10^, for Sl.OO
Sizis 11 to 2, ior SL2S
Carpet Items.
Bigc'ow Axminster, regular- *, -_
ly 51,65 poods, this week...... vJ>l.-JJ
Lowell Body Brussels, re^u- *< >^j
1ar1y. 51.35 goous, this we.k.. »p*.>^2
Best grade of Ta^try Brussels,
full ten-wire goods, regularly 92c ._
a yard, this week OOC
Tapestry Brussels, regular 6oc Ac
goods, thi> week............ 4OC
1 Linoleums, regularly 60c per .-.
yard, this week 4uC
Wilton Rugs, size 72 inches by 3b
inches, regularly 55.50, this *- Qc -
week...... 3>J.7D
. Art Squares, to save Dining Room
Carpets, 9 feet by 6 feet, this *-, Ar .
week $Z.4U
THE EMPORIUM.
Girls' Belts.
2<;c Plaid Belts, leather lined 18c
Black Grain Seal or Patent Leather
Belts — harness buckles — lined
and stitched 23c
Silk Plaid Belts— white kid lined-
gold and silver metal buckles —
reduced irom 50c to 33c
Black Seal Leather Belts, with
U. S. regulation buckle 35c
Exceptional Offers
in Wall Paper.
If you intend to do some house-
papering in the near 'uture, take a
look at these special offerings. They
are perfVit papers in newest designs
and colorings.
Special offer of 22-inch paper in
every variety of design and coloring,
regularly 40; roll, to-morrow and /^*>
during the week .' xUC
Fine Gilt Papers, Glimmers and
Egg Micas, regularly sold at 10c 
per roll
Ingrain Papers in the la est shades,
to-morrow and during the week,
per roil
Varnished Tile for Bathroom ~»
and Kitchen, per rol 1 J,OC
We carry a complete line ot the
celebrated Prepared House Paints
made by John Lucas & Co., Pnila-
delphia— superior to all others in this
market.
Window Shades at Lowest Trices.
I THE EMPORIUM.
Furnishings j
For Boys and Men. J
Boys' Golf Shirts in neat Percales, 2
nicely made, with separate cuffs or 1
same material, sizes 12 to 14.... -/x ><
3UC, »j
Boys' Negligee Shirts, made of <
plain, black twill and with small J
white stripe on black ground. A 5
durable school shirt, warranted .^ 3
fast colors, sizes 12 to 14 3</C
Boys' D;rby Ribbed Shirts and
Drawers, natural gray, fleece iined, i
pearl buttons and neat finish, a Afx "£
nice-weight garment, each 4UC ■i
Golf and Bicycle Hose, advance J
sample line, this season's productions 3
in cashmere and lisle thread. They j
are footless, the tops shepherd .and <
Scotch plaids, all the clans. Prices from
35c to 52.50. We call particular at- 1
lention to the new-comers at.... _.^v *!
I 50c «
The men's Glove Department has 1
been materially strengthened by new 2
accessions. Try a pair of our £>. nf .
(warranted) walking gloves at 3>l'l/U
Some handsome novelties in men's «3
Nightwear have recently appeared. 4
We show a number of them in French 2
faille, sateen and twills. The em- 1
broidered trimming is a special feature 3
being produced both in white and col' 3
ors. Night shirts of heavy Teazi c |
Down, cutvery full, 56 inches t nf| 4
long, sizes 14 to 18 O)I. UU 4
Sweaters tor men and boys in all 4
qualities and a great number of color <
combinations. Boys' Wor- c^» «_ J
sted Sweaters from $1 to W.Zj . J
Stuttgarter Abdominal Bands, in- +
dispensable for persons suffering from 4
stomach tou Is, and necessity in <
tropical climates. <
Bathing Suits for men and boys. -*•
We have one-piece suits shirts and 2
trunks— and separate trunks. Navy 2
Blue, Maroon, White and Blue and 2
White. Prices from 25c for plain 4
I trunks to $3 a suit. *
■ — «
Some Bargains |;
in Good Furniture. |
A special sale of Turkish Couches "*
this week — comfortable long Lounges. 414 1
like one in the picture, covered with
A . . i\ I
portieres in almost any co. that you "tf
may want to harmonize with other 21
furnishings of the room, from $5. 25 up. S|
Soli Oak Chiffonier, regu- *___ 2,
larly $8. so, this week....... $5.75
Solid Oak Dining Tables, seat 10 $>
people with comfort, regularly & r __. ■<#
fB, this week v>S.UU «
Folding Beds, full size, regu- co ~ r *
larly $12, this week s>O-Z5 *
Hall Racks, with French beveled 5,
glass, regularly $12.50, this ,j. Q nn
week s>7.UU 4 .
5-piece Parlor Suit upholstered in if
a fine Brocatelle, regularly Q__ tP
530, this week $17. /5 <*
t; ' "Jj_ is
Good Things *
To Eat and Drink. |
These specials in the
Grocery and Liquor Depart- %
ment for and Tues- }
day only. Use Direct Groc- «
cry Telephone South 59. %
F;:ncy Humboldt Butter, 3 ,__
squares fi, or per square- 05C
Golden Rule Cane Syrup, the ,- _ <#
45c gallon cans, for OOC ■&
Wnite Swan Floating Soap,
regularly 6 cake, 6 for ZjC *
14 oz. Adamantine Candles, .- 2,
regularly 25c dozen, for >5C
Luge, Fancy Prunes, 20 to 30 *, <j
to the ib, regularly 20c lb, for... >OC ig
.Extra Dry Madera Wine, ({•<//- *
regularly $2.50 gallon, for $>.65 *
Bourbon Whisky, quart bot- OQ 2!
ties, only '..'. .' :.... yOC J
Angelica Sweet Wine, regu- Q q
larly 51.50 gallon, for 2 70C
Shaw's Pure Malt Whiiky, __ '■ ■ . q?
regularly $1 bottle, for... /5C <#_.
■ - ■• - ■ ■ J«
56
SUNDAY JULY 24, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addr?s<; All Communications to W, S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Martlet and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon Street
Telephone Mair 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! la
■erved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a we«K BYB V mall $6 per year; per montfj
€5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One ytar. by mall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Reprcsentatlre.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££« Hove*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. *
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCII OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK- 387 Mayes street, open until
9:30 o#c!ooKo # c!ooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Martlet
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2514
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventrj
■treet, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, op«i»
until 930 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky »treet*. open until 9 o'clocK.
AMUSEMENta,
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Fauit
Morocco's— -Captain Impudence "
Tlvoll— -The Bells of Corneville-"
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the CIS-pound, Man.
•Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddj btreois, Specialties,
k'utro's Baths— Swlmmlusr.
El Campo — Music, rtanoing\bontl:ic. flshinfr. every Sunday.
Beereatloa Park— Baseball (hla afternoon.
Cour.=lcp— At I'ir.on CourSlag Park.
Coiirfiinr— icttlCHlde Coursiiur Park.
/■.L-ITION SALL6.
By Frank W. Fnttcree'.d- Monday. July 26. Library, at corner
Market and Seventn streets, :it s o c.oc.i p. m.
POLITICAL SUGGESTIONS.
< HE Democratic committee of one hundred,
having formally indorsed Judge Maguire for the
gubernatorial nomination, it would seem to be in
order for the party to entirely dispense with a State
convention, at least so far as the head of the ticket
is concerned. Economy is not only one of nature's
first laws, it is an immutable law of "reform politics."
If, as the committee of one hundred claims, it has
been created for the purpose of purifying the Demo
cratic atmosphere in this city, one of its chief duties
is to enforce economy in party management. How
can this be done more effectually than by dispensing
with a State convention?
Every person familiar with practical politics knows
that State conventions are expensive. Not only do
they cost a great deal for clerks' hire, stationery and
hall rent, but they entail traveling expenses upon dele-
The money spent by the delegates, indeed,
goes to enrich the railroads — a fact which ordinarily
a "reform" Democrat from center to circum
ference. All the trouble, expense and annoyance of
a convention may, as we have already said, be avoided
by the simple expedient of dispensing with that
method of nominating candidates.
According to all accounts Judge Maguire will have
no opposition. The appointed committee of one
hundred has declared for him, and is going to appoint
a delegation to the State nominating body in his in
terest. This delegation will cast at least one-third of
the vote of the convention, and even if the Judge were
opposed by a strong interior candidate lie would, with
the support of this delegation, be sure of nomination.
Why, then we ask, should the Democrats be put to
the expense of holding a State convention? Maguire
is a foregone conclusion, and as little or no interest
is being taken in the remainder of the ticket — it hav
ing already been cut and dried by the fusion confer
ence — its selection might as well 'be turned over to
the Democratic and Populist State Committees.
In fact, to make a long story short, what the Dem
ocrats sh'<r,i<! do in this campaign is to follow to a
logical conclusion the plan of operations they have
already adopted. Primaries of all kinds should be
abolished, conventions everywhere dispensed with.
and nominees by the "leaders." In this
way only can reform be enforced and the government
purified. The people are evidently unfit to rule, and
therefore pure Democrats should be put on
guard. Finally, it would be a good idea for the
committee of one hundred to i^sue a ukase forbidding
all persons to vote lor any gubernatorial candidate
except Maguire. This would at once settle the
whole business and bring "reform" in with a bound.
In order to accomplish this, it might not be a bad
idea U> order a sp<-ch! Ma^uirc election. The little
"giant" could then be chosen by acclamation,
We do not offer these suggestions in a spirit of
■what Artetnns Ward called "sarkastn," but as practi
cal hints for promoting Democratic reform. We
trust "Whispering" Gavin McNab and Iris fellow re
formers, Gotild and Alford, will receive them in the
right spirit and profit by them.
THE SPANISH LOG BOOKS.
REPORTS concerning the refusal of Commo
dore Schley to turn over to the Spaniards the
log-books of the Cristobal Colon show that,
despite the uniform courtesy of our officers to the
Spanish prisoners, they do not by any means hold
their captured foes in such high esteem as might
be supposed from their general conduct. The Span
iards did not act fully up to the standard of honor re
quired by civilized war, and, while our officers have
not taunted them with the shortcoming, they have re
membered it and on occasions make use of it.
Thus we are told that when the Spanish officer,
after persisting in his request for the captured books,
despite the courteously expressed refusal of Schley,
began to storm and rage, the commodore said:
"I do not sec that you are entitled to any considera
tion at all. You sunk your ships after you had sur
rendered. You ruined your guns and did everything
that a dishonorable enemy could think of. I shall
hold your log."
As a matter of established rule amounting to law
in naval warfare, the act of the Spanish in sinking
their ships after surrender was no better than piracy.
The moment the white &ag was raised in token of
surrender the ships were virtually ours, and the Span
iards had no further right to sink them or to injure
their guns. The snips should have been turned over
to us in the exact condition they were when the sur
render was ii\ide and our guns ceased firing.
We were extremely lenient with the Spaniards in
passing over their treachery in this respect. We might
justly have held them responsible for all the damage
they did to ships or arms after surrender. Instead of
that stern retribution, however, we treated them with
great consjderation. It is therefore surprising they
should have ventured to ask back their log-books
with a persistence that aroused Commodore Schley
to tell them the real opinion American officers have
of them.
WhjEREIN WELLS-FARGO ERRED.
IN response to inquiry, Collector Lynch has re
ceived from Washington the following definite in
formation :
The carrier company or Its agent must stamp
bills of lading.
N. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
Good-by to the contention of the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company that it is exempt from any war tax
and that its patrons must pay for it the tax the Gov
ernment intended the corporation to pay. The posi
tion never appeared to have standing in law or
equity, and the assurance of the president of Wells- 5
Fargo in assuming an attitude so palpably unjust was
a great surprise to the public. This particular cor
poration had been regarded as fair and liberal, and j
occupied in popular esteem a place which it delib
erately forsook when it attempted evasion, imposi
tion and unpatriotic quibbling. A sensible course
now would be for the company to yield, make an
apology and accept its share of the common burden
instead of foisting it upon those who have burdens
of their own.
President Valentine's letter to the Merchants' As
sociation puts his concern in a bad light. It asks for
delay until a decision shall be reached in a test case
at the F.ast. It discreetly avoids mention of the fact
that the big express companies have entered into an
illegal combination to defeat the purpose of Congress.
This combination is directly contrary to the statutes.
Every- individual connected with it is liable to indict
ment. The corporate influence which has been
brought to bear upon the office of the United States
District Attorney should be spurned as an affront,
and an evidence of corruption.
Of all the express companies only one, so far as
known, has consented to obey the law, and the others
have instituted against it a boycott, in itself an in
iquitous thing, and in this instance a double wrong
in that it is a punishment for having been honest and
fair. The honorable company is the Denver and Rio
Grande, with headquarters at Denver. The offend
ing companies are Adams. American. Wells-Fargo
and United States. They are trying to cheat the Gov
ernment or their patrons, and to take business away
from the only company which refuses to offend.
If Wells-Fargo people persist in the short-sighted
policy which has lost them friends there will be also
a material loss. It may be remembered that the Leg
islature has authority to exact a license, but has re
frained from exercising it. Such consideration will
be apt to be withdrawn if so wholly unappreciated.
The wisdom of casting pearls before swine has never
been demonstrated.
Meanwhile we hope District Attorney Foote will
press the matter, there being grounds for cases with
out number here, and no excuse for waiting for a
test to be made elsewhere. Every day is an ad
ditional unlawful gain to Wells-Fargo. It would be
well if the merchants were to send to the office of the
express company men to watch, to take the name and
editress of every person forced to pay for a stamp
which Congress says, and which the Commissioner
declares, must be paid for by the company itself. The
evidence would thus easily be procured. There is a
$50 fine for each offense such as Wells-Fargo per
petrates many times daily, and a rigid collection of the
same might open Mr. Valentine's eyes.
OPEN PRIMARIES VS. BOSS RULE.
ACTION taken by the Republican State Central
Committee yesterday, when contrasted with
the course pursued by the Democratic com
mittee, affords the people a striking object lesson,
showing the wide divergence between the methods
of the two organizations. The Democrats appointed
a committee of one hundred to usurp in San Fran
cisco the rights of the rank and file of the party in
the choice of delegates to represent them in the State
convention for the nomination of candidates. The
Republicans, on the other hand, have provided for
open primaries at which every Republican will have
a full and equal opportunity for the expression of his
choice.
This difference between the actions of the two State
committees will be observed throughout the whole
work done by the rival organizations in preparing for
the campaign. In the Republican camp there will be
the free play of popular opinion. In the Democratic
camp there will be boss rule. Among Republicans
all loyal members will have the privilege of voting at
primaries and determining the selection of the men for
whom they will be called upon to vote at the coming
election in sustaining their party and its principles.
Among Democrats there will be a cut and dried pro
gramme by which the favorite of the bosses and the
corporations will be nominated and the rank and file
of the party wiil have no voice whatever in any of the
proceedings from first to last.
The tone and temper of the Republican committee
was shown first by the cheering which greeted the
declaration of the chairman that the party shall be
free from the control of "bosses, corporations or cor
ruption," and second by the adoption of the rule call
ing for open primaries in all counties having more
than three Assembly Districts. There was some oppo
sition to the requirement for primaries, but it was
weak and came from a suspicious source. It is grati
fying to note that this opposition was just strong
enough to give occasion for showing the virtual
unanimity of the committee on the subject, and to
make it clear that the rule was not adopted without
due consideration.
Men who have guarded their independence in poli
tics will not fail to perceive the full significance of the
action taken by the Republican committee. It means
the elimination from the party erf all trace of boss or
corporation rule, and the exercise of the power in
the party of the people at large. No set of bosses will
assume to dictate to the Republicans of San Francisco
or of the State what men shall be nominated for
office. The appeal will be taken directly to the rank
and file of the party. The delegates to the State
convention will represent the true Republicanism of
the State, and not merely the mechanism managed
by wire-pullers.
It is not difficult to foretell the results that will fol
low the different tactics pursued by the Republican
party and the Democracy. Republicanism will pre
sent to the people this fall a ticket nominated by open
and honest means, which will stand for popular gov
ernment free from boss domination, corruption and
the degrading influences' of scheming corporations!.
Democracy, after ignoring the right of its members
to hold primaries, will present a fusion candidate
nominated by bosses to c.rry out a bargain with
Populism in the interest of office-seekers and of such
corporations as have need of pliant tools and unscru
pulous demagogues.
The outcome on election day cannot be in the least
doubtful. The action of the State Central Commit
tee has virtually assured victory for the v party ?.nd
merits the commendation of all loyal Republicans
throughout the State.
Augusti would be foolish to surrender to the in
surgents if he desires to retain his head in the place
where it has the honor to be growing at present.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
McKINLEY'S CUBON POLICY.
WHEN President McKinlcy met and success
fully combatted the scheme of the Cuban sym
pathizers in Congress to accompany the declar
ation of war with Spain by a formal recognition of
the independence of the Cuban Republic, his course
was vehemently denounced not only in the House and
the Senate, but by the yellow press throughout the
country.
M;my we!! meaning citizens, moreover, who desired
to see the Cubans establish a free government of their
own, were misled by these denunciations, joined as
they were to a thousand misrepresentations and lies,
and to some extent united with the Morgans, Baileys
and their yellow kid supporters in condemning the
President. It will be remembered that the fight to
overcome the scheme of the advocates of the repub
lic was a hard one. It required an unwavering firm
ness and unwearying tact on the part of the President
to accomplish it. Fortunately for the country, how
ever, the President was equal to every demand made
upon him, and we are now reaping the benefits of
his wise foresight and statesmanlike sagacity.
At the present time hardly any man in the United
States except those who hold Cuban Donds hesitates
to approve the course taken by the President. Mr.
Bryan, who on his visit to Washington was so vo
ciferous in demanding that McKinley be forced to
acknowledge the government set up by the insur
gents, has relapsed into a silent and rapt admiration
of his red sash. Morgan talks of nothing but Hawaii,
and Bailey is dumb. Only the yellow press remains
to uphold the Junta, and there is evidence before the
public that such upholding as it gives is due mainly
to a desire to boom Cuban bonds.
This change in public sentiment has been due to
the discovery that the insurgent Cubans are not only
incapable of establishing a government of their own,
but are unfit to have one given to them at our hands.
The so-called patriots who have followed Garcia in
Santiago have performed no service to 'aid our troops
in overcoming the Spaniards. They would neither
fight nor build roads. On the other hand, they were
detected after the sea fight that destroyed Cervera's
fleet shooting from ambuscades at Spanish seamen
seeking refuge on shore from the sinking battle-ships.
The shirking of military discipline and labor, the
avoidance of battle, the waylaying of stragglers and
the killing of prisoners or disarmed foes, seem to con
stitute the tactics of the so-called CuWan army.
Doubtless some of the insurgents are brave, generous
and patriotic. It is inevitable that it must be so, for
the cause of national independence always appeals to
the better instincts of a people. In Cuba, however,
the patriotic movement has been swamped by the
mass of reckless, lazy mongrels, the spawn of the
tropics, who have joined it more for plunder and
booty than anything else. The patriots have been un
able to control this class of their followers, and, as
a result, we have had the disgraceful scenes enacted
around Santiago — scenes which effectually show the
unfitness of the Cubans to be treated as allies of our
armies.
Had we recognized Cuba, as the Democratic lead
ers and the yellow organs demanded, General Shafttr
would have had to place the Cuban insurgents, in con
trol of Santiago. He would have been compelled to
arrange his policy to conform to their programme, or
else he would have had to violate the alliance and put
Garcia down by the strong hand. It is almost im
possible, in fact, to overestimate the difficulties and
complications that would have surrounded us in deal
ing with the war in Cuba if the independence of the
island had been recognized. The people of all par
ties are now clearly convinced that the President was
right in his course. We have thus, another proof of
the statesmanship of the man whom the people elected
in 1806 as contrasted with the wild folly of the dem
agogue agitator whom they defeated.
OUR TREATIES AND ANNEXATION.
TREATIES must be kept or abrogated. As
pointed out by the Supreme Court in the queue
case, the beginning of restriction ot Chinese im
mingration had to be in the amendment of the Bur
lingame treaty, which was the supreme law of the
land.
China assented to its amendment, and thereupon is
based our right to exclude the Chinese by the several
acts of Congress, which have followed. The Chinese
now under our flag, with rights under the amended
treaty, are thereby guaranteed all privileges accorded
to citizens or subjects of the most favored nations.
It is under this favored nation clause that the
Chinese Minister at Washington has the right to in
quire into discriminations iti the employment of
tailors on contract work for the Government. The
situation illuminates the position of Chinese in
Hawaii. If annexation extends the shelter of the
constitution to those islands, the laws and treaties go
with it as the supreme law of the land. If so, our
amended treaty with China, favored nation clause and
all, goes with the flag. If so, there is no power in this
Government to prevent the Hawaiian Chinese be
coming free commoners in all parts of the United
States. '
It is apparent now, as it has been from the begin
ning, that when we annexed Hawaii we added about
30,000 to our Chinese population.
The anncxationists must answer for this. If
Hawaii is to be held under extra-constitutional gov
ernment, all our treaties witli other Governments
must fall along with that made with China, but they
will all have to be substituted by other treaties cov
ering the islands, since all nations must know their
rights in the seaports and on the soil of any nation.
If this horn of the dilemma be accepted, we will
be free to do as we please with the Chinese in Hawaii,
and the annexationists who are to make laws for the
islands must deport them, or answer to the American
people.
The whole issue turns upon whether we have raised
the flag over a land from which the constitution is ex
cluded. This is a major issue. The Supreme Court
may not review an act of the political branch of the
Government in acquiring territory, but that bench
will determine the constitutional status of such ter
ritory.
When the Examiner declares the President is dis
pleased at the brusque action of Shatter the declara
tioo may be taken "cum sali>." which, being
interpreted, means "Tell it to the marines." It is the
Examiner which does Shafter the honor to be dis
pleased. And perhaps the kicking out of a lot of
mischief-making correspondents could almost be de
fined as brusque.
If the report from Washington concerning States
which had not furnished their quotas of troop was no
nearer correct as to other parts of the country than
it was in reference to California it must be regarded
not as official, but merely a new style of fake war
bulletin.
If the Kaiser will curb his impatience he will know
all about the disposition to be made of the Philippines
in time, but there is no reason for letting him on the
ground floor.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It seems to me the "local lyre" man
of the Visalia Delta deserves to be
more than local. He should be inter
national, universal. To all I can do
to promote this end I contribute cheer
ful effort, conscious that the laurel
wreath comes from unworthy hands.
I can do nothing better than quote
only from a recent number of tho
Delta, for one of my unhappinesses is
that I do not see the paper regularly.
In this number appeared four verses.
I cannot forbear quoting them all. The
reader can select from among them the
gem which may impress as the
brightest:
JULY IX VISALIA.
At this warm season of the year
No cooling spot Is found
Save where- the noble oak doth cast
Its shadow on the ground.
As a .matter of fact, there are other
cooling spots, but shall the poetic fancy
ibe hampered by facts? Not if I can
help it. The shade that any old tree
doth cast is just as good as oak shade.
A cellar is cooling. The bottom of a
well is actually chilling. No matter.
The poet must be unfettered.
VISALIA'S PLEASURE SEEKERS.
They're resting now amidst the shades
Of yonder mountain peaks.
And will not venture home again
For six or seven weeks.
The nicety of poetic calculation is not
to be marred by mathematical preci
sion. If he had said: "For five or
eight weeks" the effect would have
been utterly spoiled. He knows hi?,
business. I hope that when they shall
at last venture to come they will have
gained the strength to enable them to
.sit where the local lyre twangs, and
Appreciate what they are getting.
A WOMAN'S WHIM.
Why is it that a woman likes
Oftirru-s to wear a i'kirt
So long that when Hhe strolls about
It draggles in the dirt?
I have wondered at the same thing
myself, but never had the gumption to
ask in a way certain to bring an ans
wer. It is but pimple justice to the
bard that the lady explain, or else roll
up her skirts.
THERE'S NO ESCAPE.
As wo go through the world it does
Scorn very, very hard
To think that one day we must sleep
Alone in some graveyard.
The fourth may well be regarded as
the dazzling paralyzer of the collec
tion. Yet there is comfort. At least
when we are asleep in some graveyard,
with the accent on the wrong syllable,
we shall neither know about it nor
miss the strain of the "lyre.'!. There
Ms nothing earthly like this strain, but
I we have faith that the music of heaven
■ beats it. «
It is easy to imagine the Lord of the
local Hearstlings looking at the picture
of Shafter above the door leading to
the lair of boodle and musing: "First
he said we were liars, and then he
bounced us from Cuba. What, ho!
minion, anothr spray of laurol for the
general. He deserves something for
having sized us up."
To come into contact with such a
publication as The Pulpit and Social
Problems is a refreshing experience.
The only fault I would find with the
little magazine is that the title is too
cumbersome, and perhaps misleading.
Its treatment of all matters upon
which it touches is direct and sincere
as well as thoughtful and instructive.
I cannot agree with all its conclusions
concerning ethical points, but would
not presume to characterize the con
clusions as wrong, being open to con
viction, and receiving with the utmost
respect the opinions of *such men as
compose the editorial and contributing
force. The Pulpit and Social Prob
lems is devoid of any trace of_ sec
tarian narrowness ,or bias. It is fur
this reason especially I object to the
unwieldly title. It is a fact, regretta
ble perhaps, but not to be denied, that
pulpit discussion, as I have had the
privilege of following it, has been
marke.il by zeal rather than by broad
and lucid reasoning. Therefore the
title page is enough to create a preju
dice which might prevent a careless
observer from looking further, a course
which would be to his loss, and to the
restriction of the work the magazine
seems destined to accomplish.
To discuss any question with a man
of the caliber of the Rev. Owen Jones
would be impossible. I wonder that
his fellow ministers regard his weak
and silly mouthing as worth serious
consideration. When he charges that
the wickedness of California is due to
disregard of the Sabbath, and this dis
regard due to the preachers, he insults
tint common intelligence in which na
ture has seemed to deny him partici
pation.
In the North American Review for
February of last year there appeared
an article of much interest. It , still
possesses the element of interest, ac
centuated by recent events. It shows
that the business of prophecy'is some
times engaged in by amateurs. The
author of the article was announced as
a foreign naval official, and I assume
him to have been the navigator of the
bowl in which three wise men once
went to son. "Can the United States
afford to fight Spain?" was the ques
tion he asked, proceeding then to ans
wer in the negative. With a sweep
of his auguring eye he saw Spain clear
ing the oceans of our ships. He de
monstrated so plainly that as a na
tion warring on the seas Spain was su
perior that the observing patriot
shuddered and hoped our fleets would
stay where the Castilian bogie could
not catch them. He set forth that
this country had available for Atlantic
waters only twenty-nine ships, poorly
officered and manned, against which
the haughty don could turn loose
forty-fivfi wherewith to harass our
coasts, chase our commerce, and yet
hjive enough left for the protection of
Cuba and Porto Rico. In leading up
to this array of facts he had stated
with beautiful confidence that in the
end Spain would remain the owner of
Cuba. His faith in the torpedo-boat
led him to conclude that battle-ships
visiting Havana with hostile intent
would be sunk there. In his vision, he
discerned the American fleet divided
for assaults on two points in the West
Indies, and each section of it met and
overcome by the Spanish. I am in
clined to think that he erred. Far
be it from me to monkey with the lu
cid conclusions of a seer, but I will go
so far as to say that as to some de
tails he failed to attain that accuracy
By HENRY JAMES.
without which a prophecy sinks to the
level of a weather bureau guess.
When I first made reply to Publicola
it was not with the thought that from
the circumstance was to grow a long
discussion. Indeed, the space given
me must prevent an answer of the im
posing verbal dimensions of that by
which Publicola makes rejoinder. I
am bound to say that his second paper
evidences scholarly research, that its
arguments are. at casual reading,
plausible; its phraseology dignified and
even beautiful. But I cannot agree
with its conclusions. They impress as
being of the heart rather than of the
understanding. They are developed
arbitrarily instead of crystallizing from
fact, reason and elucidation. A pa
triot thinks certain things desirable for
the land of his birth and his affection;
he thinks certain lines will lead to
these things. Such a patriot is Pub
licola. It seems to me that while he
wants the country to grow great, all
the methods he prescribes are restric
tive. He would put it in a bottle, bid
it expand, but by no means expel the
cork.
I do not wish any reader to regard
me as posing as a constitutional law
yer. lam able to swear to not being
a lawyer of any sort, and as to famil
iarity with the constitution can claim
only such as any intelligent citizen
should possess. I hope I respect the
constitution as deeply as does Publi
cola, but I am not prepared to believe
that the intelligences conceiving and
promulgating it could by less than mi
raculous power have framed an instru
ment fitted without modification, for
all time, and applicable to conditions
of which they had never dreamed. I
do not think the world of to-day should
be governed by hands long ago turned
to dust, nor that In sudden emergen
cies we can be guided by precedent,
when the whole scope of history af
fords no precedent. Publicola says
the boast "I am a Roman" was once
as proud as that "I am an American."
True. Yet equip the American with
the knowledge he has by training and
as a birthright, the tastes he has cul
tivated, and set him down among the
glories of old Rome. He would view
the barbaric magnificence, the narrow
mental horizon, the crude mechanical
devices, the uncouth populace, with the
utmost contempt. Let us concede that
we have advanced, that Rome is not a
precedent.
Publicola asks a number of ques
tions, first: "Is It not true that the
American Government, cemented by
the Civil War, rests upon the consti
tution ?" The American Government
rests upon the constitution. It . rests
none the less securely because there
have been amendments made to the
constitution. The- question implies
more than can be sustained. That war
left cruel rifts between^seetions. It
is the war with Spain which has com
pletely restored unity, swept aside the
lingering hate - tinged prejudice,
brought us all with equal devotion, un
der a common flag.
Next, "Is it not true that the consti
tution is the supreme law of the lanr!?*'
It is, and should be. As the concrete
expression of the will of the people its
sway is only to be questioned by the
people themselves. But if the will of
people dead remain afterward to clash
with the will of the living shall the liv
ing have no voice? Publicola wants
to know where authority is found to
annex, conquer, hold or govern terri
tory which cannot be converted into
States. In section 8 of the constitu
tion, donning the powers of Congress,
there is the authority for the declar
ing of war and for making rules con
corning "captures on land and water."
The term used, as the lay mind appre
hends it. is a general one. The tak
ing of Santiago was a capture. The
taking of Manila will be a capture.
This strikes me as being authority
enough, and susceptible of exercise
without the rending of the constitution,
or the twisting awry of its intent.
Publicola admits the right to demand
indemnity and to exact temporary se
curity. At what stage shall this right
disappear? If Spain never pay would
not the right be permanent? Then
the dreaded thing— territorial expan
sion—would have taken place without
a jar.
The attempt of Publicola to draw a
parallel between the acts of King:
George, just before the revolution, and
those of the United States now, was
unhappy, how very unhappy I can
not take the trouble to demonstrate in
detail. We are not oppressing any
one. On the contrary, we are offering
to alien races better government than
they ever knew. Nor do I see why
Publicola should have abolished the
limitattons of treason and so broad
ened the crime as to make It embrace
all who do not think the constitution
forbids change, or who, putting such
construction upon it, are even ready to
have the constitution changed. Ac
cording to .his idea, although he does
not definitely so state, McKinley must
be rated as a traitor. In a word, my
opponent would have the Government
supported just as it is made under his
construction of the constitution, no
abuse eradicated, no wrong redressed,
no advancement possible save that
tending to promote congestion at home.
He says, "we must lift humanity up to
our ideals." How? By declining to
come In contact with humanity. By
leaving down-trodden peoples to writhe
under oppression. If we stand on a
foundation so frail that we cannot
reach beyond the shore line without
toppling into the sea, there is in us no
element of permanency. We might as
well perish in trying to broaden civil
ization as in curbing its tendency to
spread its reign afar and make the
dark places radiant. We cannot
still. If we attempt it, other nations,
refusing, will overshadow and :>t last
overwhelm us*by the weight and |
sure of their material Increase. "The
false sun of military glory" doea not
dazzle. It is a transient ill that force
must be employed it forward pur]
benign. We do not yearn Cor conquest.
But it does not follow tii.it w.- should
reject that which is thrust upon us,
nor seek to evade "manlfei I
by plucking feebly at the
hand which is now b
ing the course of human »v<
No man can be 80
Insult from the ESxamtTMM
his fame, the more ape@4j >
vated the insult. It d<
iji__the^form of ati..
individual who reoelvei 1
fashion. It comes thlt>U
tion of familiarity which puts famous
men on the staff of a paper with which
they have no more to do than with
any other crime. Since the Examiner
published its fool Hobson letter, where
in the hero of the Merrimac was made
to stamp himself as various sorts of
an ass, it had in a measure refrained
from this style of indecency until the
arrival of its "special commissioner" at
Manila, when it broke out again. The
letter it presented as coming from
.- was a gross affront to a sol
dier and a gentleman. The idea of
dmiral having written to the yel
lOW thing about his "own laurels!"
who were conscious of experl
.r a shock at seeing the bogus
tent found speedy comfort in re
alizing that they were merely up
against another fake, characteristically
stupid, and formulated on the assump
tion that the circulation of the sheet
is divided between the crematory and
for the feeble minded.
* * •
For a time there seemed doubt as to
ther the Government intended
sending more troops to Manila, and
then the Rev. Sam Small spoke and
! the matter. He said no more
tnx r-s were to go, and straightway the
ng world knew that more were
going. By taking the allegations of
the Rev. Sam backward there is a rea
sonable chance of arriving at the truth.
I regard the gentleman as the Soapy
Smith of the pulpit.
A POOH, PLAIN COLONEL.
I'd like to j'ine the army an' go 'long with
the recruits:
I'd be shore to show off handsome in
: mental boots;
it 'em Jill a-shinin'— l'd throw em
i:i the nl-ade;
But I'm jest a poor, plain colonel, an I
ain't got no brigade!
I'd like to jine the army; I'd be shore to
cut a dash.
With spurs to make the mare go an a
shiny sword an' sash; ,
I'd make the finest record that a teller
ever made;
But I'm jest a poor, plain colonel, an I
ain't got no brigade!
Oh, I'd like to jine the army; I'd be shore
to make my way,
An' beat the best o' brigadiers a-<3rawln
of their p
But I'm loafin' roun' the homestead—eat
in' melons in the shade;
Fer I'm jest a poor, plain colonel, ana 1
ain't got no brigade!
—Atlanta Constitution-
A SAILOR'S CONTRACT— F. M.. City.
A sailor who ships under the American
laws is liable to punishment If he quits
I before the termination of the
voyage.
LAWYERS— L. X., City. This depart
ment has not been able to find any record
of two partners in a law firm appearing
on opposite sides of the same case. Such
would be against professional ethics, and
would undoubieuiy be a cause for an ac
tion for disbarment.
LOST PAPERS— A. R., Point Reyes,
Cal If a soldier of the War of the Rebel
lion lost his discharge papers and wishes
ply for a pension he should go to the
Pension Office, state his case fully and the
tment will trace up the records, ana
19 entitled to a pension will see that
he receives the same.
A LATIN QUOTATION— S., City.
"Omne ignotun pro magnifico" is Latin,
and means: Everything of which we are
ignorant is taken for something mag
nt; or, we are apt to attach the
of greatness and magnificen
th.it which Is mysterious or unknown
to us.
I AN ENGLISH PENNY— G. G., City.
The copper coin of which you send a
pencil tractor is one of the English pen
nies that were coined- between the years
IS4I to' TSSO*.. SucK 'coins are offered by* .
TSeaJei's at "Various prices, varying- from^
25'? cents to' MO cents. The abbreviations ■.
in the legend on the reverse, "Reg. Fid..
Def.," is reigning defender of the faith.
BATHING— S.. City. A douche bath or
any form of a shower bath should not be
used when a person is tired or exhausted
from any cause, as tue reaction on, which
• ads for its fal re
sults does not follow effectually when the
system is tired. The result of a shower
bath in such a case is apt to be internal
lii hi. which may be disastrous. It
does not follow, however, that a perspir
ing person should not bathe until cooled
off. As a matter of fact, if a person is
not exhausted, the fact that the pores
are opened is rather advantageous than
otherwise, as the reaction is enhanced,
and will probably follow more energetic
ally. A bath should never be taken with
in two hours after a hearty meal. The
first effect of immersion in warm, or in
cold water, is to seriously derange the
digestive process if that is going on at
the time, and by a physiological effect
that naturally follows to unbalance or
derange the whole nervous system. ThQ
result of this is extremely dangerous to
the bather.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
It is stated that there are eighty mil
itary posts in the country and that fifty
of them arc without chaplains. A com
mittee of ministers has put this matter
before the Secretary of War in the hope
that it will receive immediate attention.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at - new ticket office
of the Santa Fe route at 62S Market St. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to Investigate.
DRINK A STEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will weep and how Joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for ths
blood while you sleep, produces a clear and
tul completion, and cures const;
and sick headache. At No Percentage Phar-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:MACKAY'S I
■f '
SEMI-ANNUAL .. 4-
: REMNANT :
: SALE I
OF -f
I CARPETS. . I
♦
■f SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
4- About 2,000 yards of remnants of all T"
+. prrades arc loft after last week's rush ■♦"
for them. To close out the .balance, ▲.
■♦■ note these further reduced prices:
■4- TAPESTRIB6 3Uc per yard "*"
. "MOQUETTE 40c per yard -f-
T" nODY BRUSSELS .-,*«• per yard a
.+ WH/rOX VELVETS Ssc per yard T
AXMINSTER .-,-<• per yard "♦"
In lengths " suitable for ru^s and coy- ♦"
•♦• erlng moderate sized rooms. Urlntf your a.
, irfmenta and seoure one o£ these
T"" liarsatns while they hold out. >•
X LINOLEUM. X
+ S ? r^'4sC sq. yd. +
*■ heavy gunllty, laid oa your floor, ±.
a. this week, '
> FURNITURE. X
■ Wiring Remnant Sale, in -^
•f thtf« O.epartriiiMit we offer :\ IRT PER ■' . >
, 'mipolal iltitcount of Bt9 ( 1; \ t "♦"
▼■ on everything from our- already low ■*■
♦ i'«-i^ a - ; : £*.} '■
; ALEX. MACKAY & SON, X
♦ .-,.715 ; MARKET ST. t
u+vv -ft ♦_;+♦♦ +♦>»"♦;; MEN'S SUITS!
; f\T MQOUT HML-F PRICE.
j MEN'S STYLISH ALL-WOOL SUITS,
: made up to sell for $1O and $12, in
: cheviots and neat worsteds, <JJ^ AX\
: will go this week at Cf)U«
: MEN'S LATE -STYLE ALL-WOOL
SUITS, in nobby Scotch cheviots,
tweeds, worsteds and cassimeres, sack
or cutaways, made to sell for $12.50
and $13.60, will now go (t>O ATL
: MEN'S HIGH-GRADE SEMI -DRESS
SUITS, worth $15, other stores would
; say $20, made from rich imported
: fabrics, cut, made and trimmed equal
: to made-to-order garments, your I
; choice from thousands this (t*(\ A EC
: week only qJc/.TrO |
MEN'S TROUSERS!
PRICES BLOWN TO ATOMS.
MEN'S $3.50 PANTS, made from good
wear-resisting cloth, buttons sewed
on for keeps, will go this (to A £J r
week at Jpl.oo
: MEN'S $5.00 AND $4.50 PANTS, in
: neat striped hairlines, eassimeres,
: stylish worsteds and nobby cheviots,
• will go this week at the"(fjQ AC
! gift price of Jp^.rrO
I MEN'S HATS!
. f\T LESS THftlN F=-/\CTORV PRICES.
: GENTS' LATE-STYLE $1.50 FEDORA
': HATS, in dark, light and medium
! colors, your size' this week nr _
only /OC
GENTS' STYLISH $2.50 DERBY AND
FEDORA HATS, in all the most
fashionable "Agency" (to A QCI
blocks, will now go at J{) 1 »2^o
CHILD'S SHIRT WAISTS!
THE CELEBRATED $1.00 "STAR" aIT ~
SHIRT WAISTS cut to DOC
THE FAMOUS "MOTHER'S FRIEND" OA
BLOUSES, worth sOc, now go at OUC
ME* CORNER S UTTER* w W 1^ if.
* ir «£• CORNER SUTTER.
w •
ii Mi ill ill mi hi iii fl l iii hi ii i hi hi ■■■ iii iii iii ■
WHITE EXPLAINS
OUR RELATIONS
WITH GERMANY
No NegotiatioQS Yet Entered lr>to
iQ Reference to Sparest}
Colonies.
Newspapers of Berlin Continue to Speak of
Unbroken Friendship for tf}e
United States.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Prf-s.
BERLIN', July 23.— "50 far as the
United States Embassy here is con
cerned nothing is known of any nego
tiations or communications whatever
between the United States and Ger
man governments relative to any Span
ish colonies," said Andrew D. White,
United States Embassador, In an inter
view with the correspondent of the As-
Roriated Press. "Besides," continued
Mr. White, "there has been no question
at any time between this embassy and
the German Foreign Office relative to
the German desire for a coaling sta
tion In the Philippines, nor for posses
sion of any of the islands there; neither
has there been any discussion of Ger
m.my's wish to secure any other Span
ish colonies. To express such wishes,
which we are unaware of, would be,
at the present moment, above all, pre
mature. There have been important
n>-i<"tiutionß begun between the United
A.UVEHTISEMENTS.
►o-»o-»-o-»o-* oToTo*o-» o-»-o-»-o-»-o o-*-o-»-o^o-»-o* o>o^^T"o^^^^T^sToo > o^^T"o^^^^T^5To
NO COCAINE, NO GAS, NO CHLOROFORM. °
. . . IF YOU HA\/E . . . ©
DENTAL WORK |
It will pay you to see us. We will save you half the ♦
bill by doing so. All work clone painlessly or no charge. o
Plates, warranted to fit - - from §4 up : 0
Cold Fillin&s - - .- - - from 50c up
Silver Filling - - from 25c up °
Bridgework, per tooth . - - - from $3 up C
— £
.... OPEN EVENINGS AND SUNDAYS .... f
PACIFIC DENTAL PARLORS, J
OLD MJMBER 749 Market Street. ♦
NEW NUMBER 701 itiaPKCt OIPCCIi £
States and Germany, but It is too early
to talk about that now."
From another source the correspond
ent hears that the negotiations to
which Mr. White referred relate to the
tariff bill, but he has been unable to
obtain an official confirmation of this
at the German Foreign Office.
Emperor William is kept continually
informed of all events connected with
the war between the United States and
Spain and of the developments at
Washington, Madrid and Berlin. Regu
lar reports are sent to him to points on
the Norwegian coast, where he makes
stops while on his tour of Norway. A
large batch of dispatches containing the
latest news of the war was sent this
week by special courier to Digormul
lon.
Baron yon Buelow, the Minister for
foreign Affairs, is absent on summer
leave, but ho is expected back in a
fortnight. The tone of the German
press this week is less friendly to the
I nlted States than the week before and
the latest developments in the war
have been in many cases commented
THE SAS" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
Thoroughly Instilled Into Every Word of Our Advertisements, Coupled
With the Greatest Bargains in Men's and Boys' Clothing, Hats and
Furnishing Goods Ever Given by Any Reliable and Reputable Firm in
America, is the Magnet Which Has Drawn Such a Phenomenal
Flood-Tide of Trade to Our Stores During Our Present
♦ • ♦
o 6
\ OF LATE STYLE AND HIGH CLASS \
\ ' ■■ ' ■ , o
o o
♦ ♦
There exists a marked contrast between this "SIMON-PURE" SACRIFICE SALE OF
FINE AND MOST FASHIONABLE GOODS and the Fake Sales of Chinese-Made Shoddy
Junk now running riot in ourimmediate neighborhood. This intelligent community is
getting tired of THEIR FLIMSY BAITS, thrown out in the way of odds and ends to
hoodwink the inexperienced buyer into their shop to receive a coating of fleece,
a fact made plainly visible by the crowds which flock to our store in quest
of the GREATEST CLOTHING VALUES EVER TURNED LOOSE IN THIS STATE.
upon in a rather sarcastic spirit. The
Liberal press, though, has adopted,
generally speaking, a fair and more
neutral tone. The Vossiche Zeitung
printed an editorial In which it inti
mated it wished the United States
speedy success, and referred to the
"unbroken friendship existing for so
many years between the two coun
tries."
i nher Liberal papers of importance,
like the Magdeburg Zeitung and the
Weser Zeitung, express themselves in
the same vein.
Referring to the failure of the late
I sugar conference and to the agreement
| between France and the United States
regarding tariff reductions, the Kreuts
Zeitung says: "Should America refuse
to grant those tariff reductions to Ger
many and the other European states,
in spite of the most favored nation
treaties, there will be serious compli
cations. To refuse this to Germany
would be all the more unfair, since
I America was made to share, when we
, concluded our commercial treaties of
1592, In the large reductions that were
then In force, without being asked to
grant us any equivalent."
It is a well-known fact In diplomatic
circles in P.erlin that the relations be
tween the regent officer of Lippo-Det
mold and the Emperor of Germany,
have been extremely strained since the
Emperor's brother-in-law, Prince
\ Adolphof Schaumberg-Lippo wasousted
: from the office, owing to the final deci
sion rendered against him by the court
of arbitration, presided over by the
; King of Saxony, and alleged instances
lof the Emperor's ill-will toward the
now regent of Lippo-Detmold have
i been current here for some time past.
P.ut matters have not assumed a pass
which makes the affair one of national
magnitude
Count Ernest, the present regent, has
been repeatedly slighted by the Em
peror lately, in such a way as to have
induced him to seek redress before the
i forum of the Bundesrath, before which
i the Emperor is no more than the regent
of Lippo-Detmold. The regent of Lip
po-Detmold has, therefore, brought his
sovereign's complaint formally before
the Bundesrath, begging that the Em
peror may be held to render to the re
gent of Lippo-Detriiold, the measure of
respect which the constitution of the
! Empire says is his due. The regent,
at the same time, sent strongly worded
detailed autograph letters to all the
other rulers of Germany, in which, af
ter setting forth the instances of seri
ous slight to which he claims to have
been subjected, he summons all the
| German sovereigns to see that Justice
|is done him. He also says that what
■■ has happened to him may happen to
them next and that the Emperor, by
I outraging the principle of legitimacy
i In his case, endangers the very founda
tion on which the thrones of all the
[ German sovereigns rest.
The Emperor has recalled the Prus
sian representatives at the court of
Detmold. The last straw, the one which
Induced the Regent of Lippo-Detmold i
to appeal to the Bundesrath, vu
brought about by the refusal of the
officers of the Detmold garrison to pay
to the members of the family of the
Regent the honors the latter consid
ered due, whereupon ha vainly ap
pealed to the general in command, and i
the latter referred the whole matter to
Emperor William, who sent the Regent j
the following reply: "My general has
orders to render to the Regent what
belongs to the Regent, nothing more.
As for the rest, I object to the tone in
which you have allowed yourself to
couch your letter."
A comprehensive bill, providing for a
number of Important changes in the
German army, is still being drafted by
the Ministers of War and Finance, but
Its provisions are in no way settled.
However, whatever changes in the
army the Reichstag may be asked to
sanction will be for rive years.
The Emperor and the War Ministry
are greatly elated at the recent returii3
of the French general staff, showing
Fiance has reached the utmost limit,
with her regular army, while Germany
could tasily f nlarge her army 2:> per
cent more than France If such a st.?p
is deemed advisable.
This, it i« said, is not contemplated
at present, the plane being rather to
Improve tlie compositions of the regi
ments last created and to increase th>?
efficiency Of both the artillery and cav
alry, a3 well as to enlarge the techni
cal brancn.
The officials of the War Department
are annoyed at the fact that half the
skilled gunniakers employed at the Gov
ernment works at Spandau have left
their employment there and are work
ing for the extensive private gun man
ufacturing concern of Loewe & Co.,
near Berlin, where they were offered
better wages. The Loewes have re
cently been awarded large contracts
from foreign states, including Spain
and Bulgaria.
The condition of the mad King Otto
of Bavaria has grown worse during the
last few days, and a special committee
of physicians has been sent to examine
into the sufferer'B condition and report
upon it to the Prince Regent, Luitpold.
The German Foreign office has de
cided to make an inquiry into the case
of the correspondent of the Frankfurt
Anzelger, who, It is reported here, has
been expelled from Santiago de Cuba
by the American authorities.
ENLISTED FOR THEIR
STOMACHS' SAKE
Six Hoboes Join a Nevada Company,
but Flee When Mustering Day
Comes Around.
CARSON, July 23.— The six men who
got frigid feet before being mustered
in and who skipped from Company A
are J. Brewen, H. Martin, J. Lusk and
A. Briez of Reno and Ed Morrell and
W. Conroy of Winnemucca. They came
to Carson as members of the Reno
company, and changed to Company A
of Virginia. They were hoboes who
came in on the cars and were picked
up at Winnemucca and Reno off
brakebeamp. They enlisted to get a
few square meals, and as soon as they
found the Virginia City company was
to be mustered last they Joined it to
prolong their feast on army rations.
When they found they were confronted
by two years' service with Uncle Sam
they fled. The United States army is
gainer by their absence.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Is guaranteed to give entire satisfaction
and cures dandruff, Itching scalp or stops
falling hair and do all that is claimed for
it or money refunded, by all leading
druggists. Sample sent free by Smith
Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
Lieutenant Bridge Yet Lives.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— Lieutenant
Charles H. Bridges of Company H,
Twenty-second United States Infantry,
who was reported killed at Santiago, is
alive. His mother, Mrs. Judge Prentlss
I). Cheney of Jerseyville, 111., has re
ceived a letter from the young officer,
written on the field of battle. It !s
dated "July 5, near Santiago." and
says he is well and In command of his
company, the captain having been
wounded.
Advance* made nn furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PROBLEM OF
PHILIPPINES
Their Disposition Under
Consideration.
NO POLICY YET FORMED
EUROPEAN POWERS AWAIT OUR
ANNOUNCEMENT.
As There Is No Alarm Over the
Present Attitude of Germany
Dewey Will not Need
Battle-Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
NEW YORK, July 23.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: President McKinley and
his advisers are struggling with the
problem of final disposition of the Phil
ippines. No settled policy has yet been
determined upon except the necessity
of retaining a coaling station on the
islands. Beyond that the developments
of the future must determine what
shall be done. Reassured of Germany's
neutrality by the visit of the German
Embassador and by representations
made by the German Government to
the American Embassador in Berlin,
the authorities do not consider it so
Important to reinforce Rear Admiral
Dewey with battle-ships, as Secretary
Long said to me some days ago would
be done. Rear Admiral Dewey'a fleet
will be increased in the next ten days
by the monitor Monterey and a few
days thereafter by the Monadnock.
and with these the authorities believe
he will be able to cope with the Ger
man force should developments of the
future indicate, as does not now seem
to be the case, that the Berlin Govern
ment proposes to take a hand in the
final disposition of the islands. I talked
to-day with a prominent diplomat who
is well versed in the Eastern situation.
"At the present time," he said, "com
plications with the insurgents seem
more probable than trouble with a
third power. Aguinaldo has a very un
savory record, and Consul "Wildman.
who introduced him to Rear Admiral
Dewey, probably knew it. I suppose it
was desirable to exhaust the Spanish
by attacks from the Insurgents, but it
would have been better, the develop
ments show, had Aguinaldo n»t been
returned to the Philippines.
•'lt seems to me that the United
States should make haste to declare its
policy with respect t<» the islands. If
they are to be returned to Spain, the
United States must dwlare its inten
tion to assist Spain in holding them.
Otherwise there will be a general grab
in which all the powers will partici
pate. Germany may be unable to se
cure the consent of Europe to inter
fere with the operations of the Ameri
cans because of Russia's alliance with
BOYS' CLOTHING!
f\T GREAT MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
PARENTS should bear in mind that
our FINE-GRADE BOYS' CLOTHING should not
be mentioned in the same breath with the
COTTON STUFF thrown together and
sold at a SEEMINGLY LOW PRICE (?)
by unscrupulous dealers in shoddy, who
offer the public dollars for doughnuts
every day in the year. We are over-
stocked with FINE UP-TO-DATE BOYS' CLOTH-
ING, AND IT MUST NOW GO AT ABOUT FIFTY
1 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR, TO-WIT :
CHILD'S ALL-WOOL REEFER SUITS,
richly trimmed and worth $3.50,
your boy's size this week will <J>l Or
only cost you .tpltUt)
CHILD'S FINE ALL-WOOL SHORT-
PANTS SUITS, worth $5, cut, made
and trimmed in a most stylish QQ A pT
■■ manner, will go this week at tJ)^«Tt£j
BOYS' LONG-PANTS SUITS!
AGES 13 TO 1Q YEARS.
BOYS' LONG -PANTS SUITS, made
from all-wool cheviots, eassimeres
and worsteds, regular $8, $9 and $1O
values, your boy's size will \v>A Q£T
only cost you this week tJ)T:it/t)
BOYS' FINE ALL-WOOL SUITS, for
semi-dress wear, worth $10.00 and
t $12.60, in stylish "up-to-date" fabrics,
will go during this GREAT <ja£ ACT
SACRIFICE SALE at $0.4:0
FURNISHING GOODS.
f\T GIFT PRICES.
GENTS' REGULAR 15c BLACK AND BROWN
BALBRIGGAN SOX will be given r_
away at 0C
GENTS' FINE $1, 75c and 50c NECKWEAR,
in rich effects, will now be closed Qr '
out at OOC
GENTS' FINE IMPORTED SOFT AND STIFF
BOSOM SHIRTS, with extra cuffs and worth
$1.50, $1.25 and $1.00, your choice from />r n
the best in our store this week only OOC
■
France, and the fact that the Philip
jines are of more importance to France
than to Germany, because of their lo
cation in a line directly to the eastward
of French possessions in China. I have
no doubt that Germany will maintain
a btrict neutrality and will continue to
hold this attitude until the policy of
the Washington administration be
comee known. Then will bo thp time
for all of the powers of the world to
declare themselves."
No credence is placed by the admin
istration in the report that the Conti- j
nental powers have agreed to interfere
in the Philippines.
OBEYED ORDERS GIVEN
BY THE MEGAPHONE
When Captured for Running the
Blockade the British Steamer
Regulus Did Hot
Protest.
KEY WEST, Fla,, July 23.— The
British steamer Regulus, of about 1500
tons, was captured by the United
States auxiliary gunboat Hawk nine
teen miles from Saprua la Grande,
province of Santa Clara, last night and
was brought in here to-day. She had
landed a cargo at Sapua la Grande
and was coming out when taJten. The
Hawk hailed her by megaphone and
told her she was a prisoner for running
the blockade. No protests were made
to this, and Ensign Schoneld was put
on board with a prize crew. The
Regulus was from St. John, N. B.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ -
++++♦♦♦+♦+♦+♦♦♦+++++♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦
I WftiyUßll AND WOMEN I
>• . . \l I IS H ho need t0 be restored to health should wear a
» I A Aw DR - MEYERS" ELECTRIC BELT. Its restor- "*"
"*■ V^J op * g qualities are simply mar\-elpus. It rebuilds •♦-
>■ ■ LJil fS weak and shattered constitutions. It makes
y/y >"*— \\ perfect men of the weak aud debilitated I>R "♦"
T. r I V V\ MEYERS' ELECTRIC BELT is sold condition-
a. . / \\ ally only— on trial. You do not have to pay any
T V \\ money until you have worn the Belt for a •♦-
■4- la, | \\ •' month, and may return it at the end of that
V~T \\ tline If you do not believe ■♦•
X \\) I 30 days> FREE TRIAL - ! +
"^ *yt r I L^^^ r that it will do you any good. Dr. Meyers exam- 4-
4. Jfl I li^ lnes a ' ! applicants free of charge and selects
f^v I it a Belt with a current especially adjusted to re- "♦*
T* _^i^l I / " qulrements of each case. Such examinations .a.
a __jumjUL^. CT^^ J A A frequently disclose the fact' that electricity will ~
*t2si™rZ&. J »^ I /] A not benefit the patient, and he Is so informed. ■♦-
+ I rM&M S&J OfiSl2Sl>' ' Full line of magnetic and electrical appli- ,
u_ t&JL-J BBSjnL^rtriTT ances at lowest prices. Mai! and express orders "*"
4- I—infjgnn^nii—^i^ta^wy . . : a specialty. Correspondence solicited. +.
Take Elevator to 3d Floor. 731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. ♦
■4- Hours B-6; Evenings, 7-8; Sundayß, 9-11. Phone Black 3341. a
SMALL BIDDERS GET
ALL OF THE BONDS
Only Applicants for Lots of Less
Than Five Thousand Dollars
Will Be Successful.
NET YORK, July 23.— A Washington
special to the HeVald says: Applicants
for war bonds in lots of $5000. of v
there are thousands in New
alone, need hope no longer. They will
not get even the small percentage of
the bonds for whic!. they have sub
scribed. Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Vanderlip told me this after
noon that while final figures as to the
not receive any bonds whatever. The
entire issue of $200,000,000 will be ab
allotment of bonds could not yet be
given out, he could now say positively
that subscribers for lots r' $5000 would
sorbed by subscribers for amounts of
less than $5000.
It is known that a considerable num
ber of bonds have been purchased for
speculative purposes, as was unavoid
able, in spite of all precautions adopted
by the department to prevent it. The
officials believe, however, that the
great majority of small subscribers
were investors, and that the amount of
the Issue that will find .its way into the
hands of financial institutions and
banks will be much smaller than would
have been the case had subscribers for
lots of $5000 and $10,000 received their
bonds.
78
CAMP MERRITT CONDITIONS
CAUSE ALARM IN THE EAST
CALIFORNIA promptly responded
to both calls of the President for
volunteers, and without delay
filled the quota under each call.
Apart from this contribution of
men for the country's service fully
2000 Californiana haw enlisted in the
regular army and other organizations.
Excellent men for the Third and Sixth
United Stat"s Artillery, Fourth United
States Cavalry, First, Fourteenth,
Eighteenth and Twenty-third United
States Infantry, and the Engineer,
•.■(] and signal corps were recruit
ed in San Francisco. In the formation
of infantry regiments of the volunteer
service preference was grlven to the
men who were ted with the
nal Guard when the first call was
tnade for tr tops to go to the front. I>ue
tion, However, was Riven to local
considerations, to the end that all sec
ti";.< of the State should have repre
sentation in the regimental organiza
tions.
The celerity of California in respond
ing to the call fur volunteers ;uid in
providing equipment for the troops en
tering; tli»- United State won
eral Merriam and other offi
cers vf the army expressions uf com
mendation.
While everything connected with the
enlistment and organization of the
troops is going alons with so much
satisfaction and precision in this E
lington that
California is slow in filling the s"mnd
quota, i '"incident with these misli
ingr statements come hints that W. 11.
H. Hart, formerly Attorney General of
California, is i rmission to re
cruit a regiment or brigade in this
State; or, rather, asking for assurance
from the President that if an inde
pendent brigade is raised it shall be
acce; :
No one In this region of the country
is urging Hart to tender troops from
California to the President. His scheme
fnr raisins an army of invasion or de
fense is purely a personal enterprise.
His right ■ his own services In
any capacity from private to major
general is n>>t question* d. Indeed, the
acceptance of Ins services by the War
Department would n<>t h-- profoundly
regretted, but the people of this State
would regret • hear that
had been commissioned to open
a recruiting oi enroll Califor
rrians in the volunteer service of the
United States.
Additional forces can be readily en
rolled in California and if they are.
needed the President can sret them
without delay by Indicating to the Gov
ernor that they would be accepted.
Under another call several counties in
the ountains would stand a chance of
getting larger representation than they
were able to secure under the first and
second requisition for troops. Nothing
in a military sense could be more un
fortunate for California than a grant
of Federal authority for Mr. Hart to
raise a regiment or brigade of volun
teers in th:s State.
Telegrams sent to Washington in he
half ■ enth l JaUfornia elicited
this response from the Secretary of
War:
Washington. July 19. 1598.
Hon. George C. Perkins, San Francisco:
I hay.- reei Ived many telegrams concern
ing the Swenth California. It is
tion to forward
that regiment with the next ex
pedition to Manila. Whether that ar
rangement will be d will,
• report of Gen
eral Merritt. The whole matter was left
to Generai M.riitt when he went to San
Franelfico. R. A. AJLGER,
Secretary of War.
DEATH IN CAMP.
Pathetic Incident in Connection
With the Demise of a Seventh
California Soldier.
Five deaths have marked the last two
days at ('amp M'-rrltt.
On Friday James E. Stafford, Company
C, First Tennessee, died from a compli
cation of pneumonia and measles, and
Cecil Flowers, Company L, Twentieth
Kansas, died from spinal meningitis.
•onlay Curtis S. liollins. Company
X, and Louis W. Baker, Com
pany L, Seventh California, ex
pired after a week's suffering from pneu
monia. The same malady also caused the
death of Corpora] I>. S. Newsome, Com
pany H. Fifty-first lowa.
A pathetic incident attaches to the
death of young Rollins of the Seventh.
His father arrived yesterday from San
Bernardino to visit his boy and see how
well he stood up under a soldier's life.
He presented himself at the guard tent
of the regiment and upon asking for his
son was abruptly told by a thoughtless
guard thai the boy had just passed away.
With a heart-broken moan the old gen
tleman buried his face Jn his hands and.
fell senseless to the ground. All day yes
terday he tossed in hysterical grief and
the result of the blow Is greatly feared.
In the death of Corporal Newsome the
lowas lose one of th<>ir best soldiers
from the ranks. Although a sergeant
major of the State organization he enlist
ed as a private at the lirst call. He was
studious, v,"ii up in drill and tactics, and
had a future of promise. His death has
caused widespread grief among his com
rades.
The remains of private Stafford of Ten
nessee v/ere Interred yesterday at the
Presidio.
RIO JANEIRO SAILS.
As She Passes Along the Water
Front She Receives the Usual
Enthusiastic Send-Off.
At 0 o'clock yesterday morning Major
General Men-Jam, accompanied by Major
Rathbone, left military headquarters and
proceeded to the water front, where at
the Clay street wh.-irf he met Brigadier
on Gray Ot;. . to whom he
gave final instructions :.^ to th< voyage
of the City of Rio Janeiro to Manila by
the way of Honolulu. A few minutes
later General Otis stepped on board the
stenmer Gengral McDowell and was con
veyed to the HIo Janeiro.
At about 10:30 the anchor of the trans
port was hoisted and Btae began moving
slowly toward the Golden Gate. She pass
ed close in to the water front, and was
heartily cheered by the crowds collected
on the various wharves, and the music
of the First South Dakota band and the
cheers of the soldiers were distinctly
heard In response. The port side of the
steamer was crowded with the departing
soldiers, and on the masts and yardarms
and rigging, were boys in blue, who kept
waving their handkerchiefs in answer to
similar Pignals from the shore. The
stately craft moved majestically down
the stream, presenting a beautiful sight
on the calm bay. She was given the
usual steam whistle salutes from tho va
rious craft, and at about 11 o'clock she
passed out of the Golden Gate.
The Rio Janeiro will bo followed by the
LOYAL LEGION A ROYAL HOST.
Officers of the Army and Nqyu Entertained at the
Presidio Club. •
BETWEEN the hours of 2 and 5
y afternoon the
rs' Club of the Presido pre-
I inter
course that was most unique and In-
Ing In its nature. Tne <<■
was •'. on tendered by the
t thi Loyal Legion,
Commandery "f California, to the of
- ilunteer, of
the army and navy now In San Fran
cis,-... Veterans te war who.
have settled and burled their differ
ences these many years, along with
the young soldiers who are now up
holding the honor of Old Glory , rnlng
1< .1 together and pledgi 1 each other's
health and the - '
Uonal ■ loving cup that was
ill to the. brim.
The assembly room of the club was
the scene of the reception ana the
Interchange of the courtesies. It was
appropriately decorated for thi
sion. and the music was furnished by
the Fourth «md. which for
mally r.<r<-':ed the reception by play
ing "The Star-spangled Banner." The
guests began to
• <1 time, and from 2 o'clock
on until within an hour of the time
for the gathering to disperse officers
dropped in for a few minutes to pay
their respects and partake of the hos
pitality of the Loyal Legion. The re
ception was in the nature of a com
\t to Colonel Smith and officers
of fne First Tennessee Regiment.
This gallant commander did not ar
rive until nearly 4 o'clock. When he
■i the room the band struck up
"Dixie," which provoked cheers from
present, and Colonel Smith and
his officers acknowledged the compli
rp< ni paid them by bowing *o the
William R. Bmedberg Intro-
President Hugh Craig oi 'he
Chamhor of Commerce, who, in a few
well-chosen remarks, welcomed Col
onel Smith and his officers. In reply
ing to Mr. Craig's welcome, Colonel
Smith said:
"Gentlemen: When I entered your
St. Paul some time this week, and by the
Scartdia and Arizona In about two weeks.
RIO DE JANEIRO OFF FOR MANILA.
The iransDOPt Rio de Janeiro bot under Way Yesterday Morning and Started
With Her Contingent of Troops for Manila, As She Passed Down the Bau
_the Big Transport Arizona Was Hoisting Her Anchor and Getting Ready
to Dock at Folsom Street Wharf, The Rio Took Away About 950 Sol
diers, While the Arizona Will Accommodate ail of 1500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
doors I recognized by your badges
that you were members of the .
Legion, and when the next moment
the strain? of "Dixie" greeted m;
I knew beyond the shadow of a <!"': v >t
that thp Mason ;mu Dixon line had
been obliterated forever. VWare broth
ers now, for there Is no North or
South, and to-day I thank God that
we aro shoulder to shoulder. Back in
the sixties I followed the fortunes of
the l .' ■ : Cause Cn >m Seven Pines to
Appomattox. I fought out our dif
■ a with the sword, and I lost
but that is in the past, and to-day
then' is no man more ready to defend
or no man inure loyal to the national
flag than myself."
After the eh iers following Colonel
Smith's remarks had subsided Gen
eral Charles King was Introduced, and
In a few appropriate remarks he
thanked the Loyal Legion for the
honor that it had done him and the
people of California generally for the
hospitality that they have extended
tv him since he lias been here. He
also alluded to the excellent condition
and soldierly bearing of the men of
the First Tenneaseee. General King
was followed by Colonel Berry of the
Seventh Regiment, who spoke of the
generosity with which his command
has been treated by the Tennessee of
ficers. The speech-making was fol
lowed by the playing of the national
anthem, and a round of toasts for
the success of the flag and the safety
of the men who are carrying It to vic
tory.
In addition to the regular officers
the Presidio there were also pr< sent
officers from nearly every volunteer
sation now here. The follow
ing members of the Loyal Legion
v i vf present:
Commander, John C. Currier; senior
rice commander, Rear Admiral.
Joseph X. Miller; treasurer. Captain
C. M, Klnne; chaplain, Major William
N. Meserve; Colonel w. R. Parnell,
Captain C. A. Sunnier, Captain P. F.
Walsh and many other companions.
The St. Taul is now in charge of a guard
from the Third Battalion of the First
South Dakota, which will be among the
troops that are to sail on this vessel.
An almost entirely new crew will have
to be secured for the Scandla, as the Ger
man officers desire to return to their na
tive country. Major Ruhlen way very
anxious to at least retain the captain,
who is a very competent man, but was
unable to induce him to remain.
The local United States Steam Vessel
Inspectors, Captains* Bolles and Bulger,
have thoroughly inspected the Scandia,
and in their report to Major Long state
; that she is in excellent condition in every
r spect, her hull, boilers, engines and
I equipments all being In first class order.
I The engines are triple expansion, 3300
horsepower. SS% intermediate, 84% low
pressure cylinders, 55 stroke of piston,
with piston valves. The three Scotch ma
rine boilers are each 19.4^4 long, v.9% <H
ameter, all steel plate, 13.16 thick, built
in 1889, and allowed 180 pounds steam
press uare Inch, 'inc.- boilers are
in i" dition, ii" grease nor scale
nor deterioration being"»observed in the
examinai
The steamer Humboldt is due here
Thursday, and it. is said that slu- will at
it In condition to carry one bat
talion of Liu' First New Y<>rk Regiment
to Honolulu. Colonel Barber, who is
spending Sunday In Monterey, will sail
with this battalion.
The remaining battalion of the First
South Dakota, under Lieutenant Colonel
Stover, has been assigned to the First
Brigade under Brigadier General Marcus
P. Miller. Orders were issued last even
ing to L!i '•' '' to ile
tail a non-commissioned officer and six
privates, with six Hays' rations, to guard
the steamer St. Paul.
KANSAS REGIMENT.
High Officers Reconciled — Lieu-
tenant Scott Under Arrest
for Insubordination.
The case against Lieutenant Colonel E.
C. Little. Twentieth Kansas. Is happily
d for the present and it is hoped tor
: and all. Concessions have been
made by each side, and matters bid fair
to run along smoothly hereafter.
The of physical incapacity
against Little was yesterday withdrawn,
and the recommendation for a board ot,
survey rescinded. Little has gone back
to the duties of his post, and no fu
action against him seems imminent.
I leutei tnt Scott, Company G, Twen
tieth Kansas, has been ordered to his
quarters i I f" r insubordination,
ilis case will
couri which will convene on Monday.
• i the authority
of hia suprior ofneer, Captain Elliot,
while tiif company was being drilled, and
upon being reproved cursed the captain
The case was reported to Colonel Fiin
ston. who immediately ordered Scott's
arrest.
CAPTAIN HODGSON HERE
Commander of the McCulloch
Ordered to Washington.
Captain W. Hodgson, of the dispatch
boat McCulloch of Admiral Dewey's
squadron at Manila, arrived from the
Orient yesterday, by way of Victoria, and
left on the afternoon train for Washing
ton, whither he had been hurriedly sum
moned by the Navy Department.
He used every .strategy to avoid re
porters, bul he was caught at Port Costa
and surrendered at discretion. In re
sponse to a Question as to whether he
had any news from Manila, he replied:
"No, I have no particular news to give
you. All I want to say of the battle Is
that Dewey came and saw and con
quered. When 1 l p f'<- Manila on June 17
everything was quiet. With reference to
the victory ;l! Manila I will say that it
was all the result of Intelligent and good
gunnery. The MeCullocto was one of the
first American boats to be fired on by
the Spanish. We went into Manila Bay
aboul midnight, and it took just two and
a half hours for Admiral Dewey's fleet
to knock them out. Then the boys had
breakfast, taking about an hour to it.
and then we started in to finish up the
irds.
"I left Manila under orders from the
department at Washington, and when 1
arrived at Hongkong I found that I
was no steamer there under the Ameri
can flag and would not be until July 5,
so I took the Empress of India, which
was the earliest, leaving on Juno 23. I rom
Vancouver I came down on the North
ern Pacific, and I am hurrying to Wash
ington as fast as I can get there.
"The American fleet cannot be too
highly praised. There has been no sick
ness, but the rainy season has just start
ed in and I cannot tell what may hap
pen.
"So far as the Philippines are con
cerned, I think the war is over. Dewey
would have defeated the Spaniards even
if they had forty fleets. Dewey is king
down "there. I brought Agulnaldo to
Manila from Hongkong, after I had car-
ried to Hongkong the first news of the
victory at Manila. Aguinaldo is a bright
young man. about 28 years old, and. was
■ted in Paris, 1 believe. I don't
think there will be any trouble down
there."
itain Hodgson said he did not know
what significance, if any, should be at
tached to his call to Washington. He did
not know why he had been summoned,
li.- was "f the opinion that the Philip
pines would be a rather rich acquisition
for the United States, and he would ad
vise young Americans to go thither. In
mercantile pursuits in that country there
cts, but Ameri
cans did not know much about the isl
ands.
It is believed that the captain has been
summoned for a conference with Presi
dent McKinley and the Secretary of the
Navy, and that he bears important dis
patches from Admiral Dewey with refer
ence to the attitude of Aguinaldo and the
army of the insurgents.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Chaplain Oliver C. Miller Will
Assume His Duties With
Services To- Day.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Station, July
23. — The following- order was Issued at
regimental parade this evening:
. .arters Eighth Regiment, California,
United States Volunteer Infantry, Camp
Barrett, July 23, IS'JB.
Order No. 3.
1. In compliance with Instructions contained
In telegram dated July 21, 1898, to the United
States mustering oflicer, Sather, California,
Major Albert K. Whltton, Eighth California
United States Volunteer Infantry, ta hereby
detailed as recruiting officer for the regiment.
Major 'U'hitton will report to the regimental
commander for instructions.
2. In order to equalize the distribution
among companies of the enlisted men serving
as band musicians the following transfers are
hereby made, viz.: Private Joseph Bettencourt
from Company C to Company A; Private James
W. Byrnes from Company E to Company D;
Private W. J. Blumberg from Company F to
Company L,; Private Eugene Finane from Com
pany I to Company A. By order
COU3i;EL HENSHAW.
P. A. SMITH. First Lieutenant, Eighth Regi
ment, California, United States Volunteer in
fantry, Adjutant.
The detailing of Major Whltton as a
recruiting officer is for the purpose of
having some one who can Bwear in any
musicians or others who may be wanted.
Several companies have men who, for
one reason or another, could not be
mustered In with the company, but who
have been carried right along on the
rolls. Any of these yet unmustered can
now be mustered into the volunteer
service.
Chaplain Oliver C. Miller arrived in
camp this afternoon in his new uniform,
and will hold the first religious service
as a regimental officer from 9 to 10 ta
morrow (Sunday). It is more than prob
able that there will be two services each
Sunday hereafter, but It is not likely that
more than one will be held to-morrow.
The matter of attendance on services is
left optional with the men of the regi
ment. \There are a number of earnest
Christians in the regiment, who will as
sist the chaplain in conducting the meet
ings. This evening Rev. Mr. Bovard of
the Alameda Methodist church conducted
services in the >tmy Christian Commis
sion tent. It developed to-day that while
the army regulations require»the band to
play sacred music for religious services,
there is no provision for the purchase of
any music, and to get it there must be
an appeal to the public or friends of the
regiment. The band will not play at to
morrow's services on this account.
The regiment has received all of its
equipment except shoes, and they are ex
pected early next week. In this it has
done better than any of the three which
preceded it or any which has come from
another State. All of the honor is laid
on Lieutenant Colonel Carrington's shoul
ders, as he, having been a regular army
officer, understood the methods, and bene
fiting by his experience, placed the requi
sitions so that -they were filled at once.
The first serious Illness in camp is that
of Private Yon Hootte, of Company D,
San Jose. . He was brought to the hos
pital yesterday with pneumonia, and it
was feared the case would be fatal, but
the developments of twenty-four hours
have been favorable, and if all goes well
he mny recover.
Company F, Captain L. E. "Wenk, Oak
land, was presented with a commodious
dining tent to-day by the, Oakland Red
Cross Society. The gift is greatly ap
preciated, as heretofore the men have
had to eat standing out of doors. Now
tables and benches will be arranged and
the meals enjoyed in a more homelike
manner.
The band, under the leadership of Chief
Musician Gomez, has so advanced in its
work that a public concert will be given
to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon from 2 to
3:30 o'clock In front of Colonel Henshaw's
headquarters..
The detail to-night for guard duty con
sisted of Captain 11. L. Partridge, Com
pany B, San Jose, officer of the day; Lieu
tenant J. G. Estep. Company H, Redding,
officer of the guard, and Lieutenant W.
H. Cobbledick. Company F, Oakland,
super officer of the guard. .
IOWA INFLUENCE.
Adjutant-General of the State
Coming Here to Inspect
Camp Merritt.
The impression has gone abroad In the
East that General Merriam and the au
thorities here are neglecting the sanitary
condition of Camp Morritt. Reports that
have gone out from San Francisco as to
the actual condition of things at the camp
have caused an immense amount of worry
In the homes of the regiments that have
been quartered here and have precipi
tated an avalanche of influence at Wash
ington toward the cure, or at least the
betterment of things.
lowa has already taken active steps
toward the eradication of the conditions
existing, as is demonstrated by the fol
CAMP MERRITT'S STRENGTH.
The Number of Officers and Enlisted Men ot the
Eighth Army Corps Still in the Rich
mond Tents.
The sailing of the Rio de Janeiro left 5077 officers and enlisted men tent
ed at Camp Merrltt. These tigures comprehend four regiments, a battalion
each of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third regiments, United States Infan
try, and the South Dakota Volunteers. The rest are recruits awaiting
transportation to their regiments at Manila.
The remaining South Dakota liattalion will sail in one week, and will
be accompanied by the Thirteenth Minnesota recruits.
The following table gives some idea of the distribution of the troops:
Fifty-first lowa Volunteers, Colonel John C. Loper 1,334
Seventh California Volunteers, Colonel Berry 1,331
First Tennessee A r olunteers. Colonel Smith 1,307
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, Colonel Funston '. 1,315
First Battalion South Dakota Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Stover.... 325
Eighteenth United States Infantry, Major Paul 495
Tenth Pennsylvania recruits, Lieutenant Colonel Barnett 260
Twenty-third United States Infantry, Major Goodale 44S
Oregon recruits. Lieutenant Seckler 313
rado recruits, Major Diggles SO6
Thirteenth Minnesota recruits, Major Diggles 320
Nebraska recruits, Captain Kilian 325
Total B.OTT
lowing telegram received last night from
The Call's Dea Molnes correspondent:
DBS MOINES, lowa, July 23. -To-morrow
Melvin H. Byera, adjutant general of lowa will
Btart for Ban Francisco. He will k<> tor the
purpose of inspecting Camp .Merritt. about
whicb much complaint has come from lowa
troops. He has lined up Washington Inn
that
Genera] Byera will also try r o heal up
some difficulties between Colonel Loper and
Lieutenant Colonel Millar.
To-day a telegram from San Francisco an
nounced that Daniel S. Newsome, a Dcs
Molnea man, corporal in Company B of the
Fifty-first, died this mornir.t,' from pneumonia
contracted in Camp Merritt. He leaves a
yountc widow and a mother whoae husband.
Dr. James T. Fellows, was this afti
thrown from Ills carriage, dragged for some
distance and Injured, probably fatally.
THANKS FROM MONTANA.
The Good "Work of the San
Francisco Catholic Truth
Society Appreciated.
The Catholic Truth Society of this city
has received from Governor Aobert B.
Smith of Montana the following letter,
dated Helena, July 18:
"Kind Friends: I have learned through
the officers and men of the First Regi
ment of Montana Volunteers, recently
stationed at Camp Merritt, of the kind
and generous ministration of your soci
ety to our sick and needy soldiers, and I
take this method of expressing to you
the thanks and appreciation of our ;
for the generous, patriotic and I
sympathies you have shown our soldiers,
and for the substantial donations made
to the sick. I trust that your good work
will meet with deserved recognition both
in this world and the life to come.'
OREGON RECRUITS.
The Governor of the State Need-
lessly Alarmed About "the
Condition of the Troops.
A letter from the Governor of Oregon
to headquarters complains that the re
cruits from that State are suffering from
the need of clothes enough to keep them
warm and from a half dozen other lacks
and shortcomings. A thorough investi
gation made yesterday discovered that
the three companies of Oregon recruits
were about as well disciplined and enn
•. ;,. lot of soldiers as can be found
in camp. They i pie clothing and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONCE IN A LIFETIME
Only once in a lifetime are such opportunities presented for purchasing
all kinds of floor coverings so far below the regular price as occur here,
commencing to-morrow morning.
TWO CARLOADS; 640 ROLLS OF
WILTONS, AXMINSTERS,
VELVETS, MOQUETTES,
BODY BRUSSELS AND TAPESTRY BRUSSELS
lP;sf P I
i 9 * *"*' I 1
Hunting Furniture.
Said a purchaser: "I got Pattosien's prices,
then hjnted the town over to do better, but
returned and bought Pattosien's furniture."
That tells the story— this Is a lively store, lit-
tle profits, but many sales.
DON'T FAIL TO
See the three and five piece Parlor Suites
priced $19, $23. $30, $xn, $45. $50, $60,
See the luxurious overstuffed Parlor Suites,
priced .|CS, $83. $100, $125.
See the comfortable Couches, priced SS, $12, $20
« $25, $30, $35, MO, $50.
See the Dressing Bureaus, priced $13, $15, $18,
i 525, $35, $50. . -
See the Metal Beds, priced $3 $4. Ju 50, $7 50.
$10, $12, $IS, $25, $i"0, $75. See the beautiful
Chamber Suits, $40. Special patterns at $15,
$I*. |22. $23, $30, $35, $40, 542, $47 and up to
$175.
See our Lace Curtains at 75c, 86c $1, $1 25 $1 50,
$173. $2 60, $4, $6, $S, $15. $25. " .
Our catalogue of Lace Curtains free to coun-
try customers. Write for It. \
_■'"■;-■.-/■;:■■■-.■ ■: r_ ■■■ -'■*:>;; •-■"■<"] O." ' '■■"■-.■ ": '■."■■ A . 11.;:1 ' 1 . ; : '■• "-_ '■-■-'■ ■'-'<■"':'[ r
! - ■ ■ ' ■ ■ ■ ' ' - . -
by the last of the week their equipment
will be complete.
There is little sickness, no cases of a
serious aspect, and the boys are putting
in good hard work at drill and sentry
duty. *-
Private Glen Benedict, of Company L.
became suddenly insane two nights ago
while on guard duty, and tried for a short
time to police the whole camp. His aber
ration is supposed to be only temporary,
and pending his recovery he is detained
in his quarters.
Eighth Army Corps.
Lieutenant Smith, First South Dakota,
is confined to the battalion hospital with
an attack of tonsilitis.
lesterday morning the Fifty-first lowa
troops were reviewed in regimental drill
by Brigadier General King. Their clever
drilling won them several high compli
ments from their brigade commander.
The Oregon troops have be«.-n taken
fr<>m the command of Major Diggles of
the Thirteenth Minnesota recruits and
Lieutenant Seckler, Twentieth Kansas,
has been detailed to the duties of the
command.
The following active officers have been
selected: First sergeants— B. F. Burnett,
L. Holland, L. R. Willouphby and S. F.
Fouts; second sergeant. F. E. Edwards;
third sergeant, Don w. Holgate; ser
geant major, H. L. Holgate: quartermas
ter sergeant, George "\v. .1
The Nebraska recruits have a blooded
game cock and a pot of money that they
want to put up against somebody else's
game cock and money. They are willing
to buck thc-ir bird against all comers and
they particularly want a chance at the
pet of the Kansas volunteers, a well
spurred thoroughbred known as Sampson.
Despite the announcement of two morn-
Ing contemporaries Private Alverson of
the Pennsylvania recruits yesterday pre
sented to his commanding officer testi
mony sufficient to prove that he has not
yet died from pneumonia and. further
more, was in no immediate danger of
"snuffing out." Alverson is very much
worried for frar that tile report of his
death wilf reach relatives and friends and
cause them needless sorrow.
Women's Sewing Company.
The members of the Women's Sewinj?
Company will hold a meeting at Pythian
Castle. 919 Market street, at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. Mrs. M. E. Squires will
act as chairman, and there will be other
ra present. A cordial invitation has
been extended to all interested to attend.
Bought at the great auction sale of the Alex-
ander Smith & Co. Carpet Mills in New York
City June 13th and 16th. Almost every larsra
carpet firm in the United States was repre-
sented, at this sale and 50,000 rolls of Carpet
were disposed of in two days. Every pattern
a gem. No larger or handsomer or better as-
sorted stock has ever been shown on the Coast.
Prices quoted are sewed and laid without lin-
ing.
At $1.25 Royal Axminsters, magnifi-
cent in appearance and wear; very
heavy; royally rich colorings; Em-
pire borders. A grade that fetches
81.50 in all carpet stores.
At 95c those famous Smith Moquettes that tha
Empress Alexandra ordered for the Imperial
Palace at St. Petersburg. Established price
Jl 25. Better patterns than elsewhere at a
price lower than others have to pay the manu-
facturer.
BIGELOW AXMINBTER CARPETS, the finest
high pile Carpets made; complete assortment
of parlor patterns, with borders, <I» %■' O!^
yard «J>1«J;O
ALEX SMITH & SONS' AND HARTFORD
AXMINBTER CARPETS; best quality made;
large selection of new patterns; regular
$1 40 quality, with borders, (PI It?
yard ' tJ>l«IO
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS, including Higglns'
double tar and Smith and Snnford's extra
qualities: immense assortment; fall color-
ings and styles; regular price 75c PSPZ s*
yard O*Jv>
ROXBURY TAPESTRY BRUSSELS, Smith
and Sanford 10-wlre makes; all new designs,
with and without borders; real *7 *T t / - r
value 93c. Yard ft ( <L
WILTON VELVETS— 73 rolls genuine. includ-
ing very latest fall creations in styles and
colors, with and without borders; <T»i f\f\
real worth $125. Yard.... tJ>I»UU
BODY BRUSSELS, genuine Lowells and Whit-
alls, Alexander Smith & Sons' ; the very best
quality; choice designs and colorings- with
borders only: should- be $1 40. CIOA
Yard tfrl.iSU
INGRAIN CARPETINGS. extra superior qual-
ity: excellent selection of styles; also hall and
stairs to match; there's a saving at A f\ -.
50c yard; still more at, .yard.......... 4UC
ALL-WOOL INGRAINS, Pxtra Eurr>r quality
2d now fall styles to select from- £»g\ '
every yard cheap at Ssc; yard ' OUC
NOTE— Samples of all of our Incraln rsmof
sent FREE. Write for them. lngraln Carpet
Best extra heavy CARPET LINING »— „
all white cotton filling and sewed...! OCMRS. ABRAMS
THREATENED
BY BURGLARS
Found Them in Her
House.
EACH HAD A BIG REVOLVER
FOLLOWED BY A BOY AND A
CITIZEN TILL CAUGHT.
Exciting Scene on Golden Gate
Avenue Marked by the
Bravery of Two
Policemen.
Through r s of the boy driver
of a : , kgon-aod a citizen and the
bravery af two poHce officers two bold
daylight burglars were captured yester
day ■ -md taken to the City
Prison. They -are Jack Smith, an ex
convict with a number of aliases, and
George Thomas, who is supposed to be
William McElroy, a well-known petty
Shortly after noon yesterday Mrs. Ro
ele Abrams, 222 U. Grove street, left her
house to go downtown, Her daughter
remained In the house for about an hour
later and then left, after seeing that all
the doors were locked and the windows
securely fastened.
Mrs. '.Abrams returned to the house
about 3 o'clock and on opening the front
door waa surprised to see a number of.
papers strewn along the hallway. She
made straight for the kitchen and was
confronted by two men. She promptly
wheeled round and rushed for the front
door, screaming as she ran. One of the
men. whom she later identified as Smith,
followed her and threatened to kill her
If she did not. stop. She managed to
throw ppen the frori door and rushed
down the steps into the • street, still
screaming.
The two burglars slipped out of t.h« i
house by the rear door and ran through ;
an alley, adjoining the house, to the :
street. Several of the neighbors, hearing !
Mrs. Abrams" screams, ran out of their
houses and H. G. Benedict.a cigar man,
who was visiting a friend a few doors
away, was among the number. He asked
a boy who was driving a laundry wagon
if he had seen the two burglars and the >
boy told him they had gone down the I
street and turned into Van Xess avenue.
Benedict jumped into the wagon and
requested the boy to drive along to see '
if he could recognize them. When they
got to Polk and Grove streets they saw
the burglars emerging from a vacant lot
that runs from Birch avenue to Fulton
street. They kept the burglars in Bight
as they walked rapidly along Fulton
to Polk, up Polk to McAllister, along Mc-
Allister to Larkin and up Larkin to Gold
en Gate enue.
At the corner of McAllister and T,arkin
Benedict jumped from the laundry wagon
and telling the boy to follow the men,
ran Into the Central Police station. He '
.met Louis Rattigan, the patrol wagon
driver, and told him of the burglary. Po
liceman Hostetter happened to be in the
station at the time and he and Benedict
ran for the laundry wagon, while Po
liceman Coughlin and Rattigan made a |
£>reak for the; patrol wag-on.
The laundry wagon got to the burglars <
first, who had by this time reached be- i
low Leavenworth street. Hostetter and
Benedict jumped off the wagon and Hos- |
tetter made for the burglars. Thomas
drew a revolver, but Hostetter was too
quick for him and grabbed his wrist be
fore he could fire.
Benedlct made 3. rush for Smith, but
Smith presented a revolver at him and,
unarmed I though d
tion the better part of valor and rei
■
•il took aim at Smith.
Coughlin just tlien arrived on the |
n and, taking in the situation,
to Hostetter: 'Don't shoot; I will get him
al! right."
Smith bolted into the barn of the Pa
cific Coast Horse Repository and took
door. Coughlin had j
not lost sight of him. and when he saw
: '< ilver :
"If you shoot," said Cough-
I will kill you," and he made a j
motion to draw his revolver, which was
n his locker. Smith did
apon and Coughlin quick- 1
Iy had a tirrn grip on him.
- were taken into a restau- j
rant close by ami searched. Each had
a revolver. A number of spoons, knives,
. - •. : other articles were
found upon them, afterward Identified by
Mrs. Abrama as her property. She also
I "Ut the two men from a number of
in the pri
u-iars were locked up in \
the prison Policemen Hostetter and 1
Coughlin Wf-nt to the house. On their
■ they went through the vacant |
. Birch avenue and Fulton
and found a "jimmy" which the
burglars had thrown away. The house
■ ted an appearance as if the family ;
•en moving. Every bedroom had
been ransacked, bureau drawers emptied
of their contents and Btrewn over the
floors. A numliiT of napkin rings and a
silverware were found tied in a
bundle in one of the bedrooms, ready to
be taken away.
Entrance had been effected by forcing
open tho dining room Window In the rear
with a "jimmy." After getting into the I
dining room they found the door locked,
but the "jimmy" had been ins^rte.] in
the jamb of the door and the lock forced
open. A piece of thf> wood had been
broken off by the force of the pressure.
two men ha<l been observed hang
ing around the place for more than an
hour before Mrs. Abrams returned home.
It is supposed thai th< Ir object had b.-en
1 the flat above, as the lady wl
cuples it hri'l advertised that it had been ;
newly furnished.
Smith gave the name of George Mey
ers, but Detective Bainbridge imme
diateiy recognized him. He has pone un- j
df-r the all I : i<k O'Brien, John
Kelly jind Charles Evans. He has served;
four years for burglary and a number
Of terms for minor offenses. Thomas is
William McElroy, a mem- j
• a family who have been of consid
erable trouble to the police. He has
: is for petty larceny.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A New and Highly Nutritious
Food.
The odd-sounding- name is used to
designate a peculiar food, made not
exactly In the shape of nuts, but hav-
ing a pleasant, nutty flavor and crisp
brittlencM that makes them a charm-
Ing favorite with the palate.
<>f y>t more value than the taste Is
the food value of Grape-Nuts. They
are largely composed of grape-sugar
dictionary can tell you about
that), an'l those who use them will find
the morning meal has not only
pleasant, but has been quickly and
easily digested; for grape-sugar is an
article produced in the human body at
one stage of the dig) stion of food, and
Is at once ready for transformation
into good healthy blood and npurish-
ment.
It should not be understood that the
grape-sugar, of which Grape-Nuta is
made, has been produced In the hu-
man body. Hut this grape-sugar is
made by much the same process as the
body employs, and is produced by
natural treatment of grains without
any foreign BUbstance whatever. It
1? made by the Postum Co. at Battle
Creek, Mich. The result is perhaps
the* most highly nutritious food ever
produced.
Grocers keep Grape-Nute.
FRANKIE
OPERATED
THE WIRES
Stockbroker's Ticker
That Failed.
BOLD SCHEME OF BAD MEN
SUCCESSFULLY DUPED A NUM
BER OF CITIZENS.
W. D. Valentine, the Tkiain Manipula
tor, Being Sought For by the
Police — The Accomplice
Landed in Jail.
Through the efforts of Sergeant Martin
a clever scheme to fleece the unwary has
been discovered.
The principal culprits, so the police
claim, are W. D. Valentine and Murk
Burke. Valentine conducts a brokerage
business at 19 Ellis street, and Burke is
his clerk.
The latter Is under arrest for conduct
ing a broking game, and a warrant is out
for Valentine's arrest on a similar
charge. Notwithstanding that several
policemen were detailed to find him. up
to midnight he had not been arrested.
According to the police Valentine rented
a room in the Parrott building on Market
street, and had numerous wires put in,
which connected with his place on Kills
street A woman named Frankie Payne
ted the wires, and. according to the
police, sin? would telegraph him the quo
tations of the Eastern market, which
placed on a large board. The buy
unking that Valentine was receiv
ing his information from the East,
gathered around the board and ex
changed the usual good-luck greetings.
It unfortunately happened that all the
customers lost, and, becoming Buspicioua
several of them notified Sergeant Martin.
The latter summoned Policemen Chappel
and Walsh, and ordered them to make an
investigation.
Accompanied by an electrician named
William Goodman, the officers yesterday
afternoon went to the room in the Parrott
building, and. after considerable trouble,
gained an entrance. The Payne woman
was seated at an electrical table en
gaged in sending "quotations" to Valen
tine. Presumably recognizing the officers,
.she quickly "fixed" the table so thai
Coalman could not operate it. The
table, ticker, wires and other accessories
such as are used by "stock brokers" were
confiscated and subsequently removed to
h< aduuarters.
It is claimed that a number of unsus
pecting citizens wire mulcted out of va
rious Bums by the schemers.
A policeman named W. E. Rice, who
assisted in the arreßt, is apparently de
termined to shield Valentine. When
asked last night why he had not arrested
him he grew belligerently Indignant, and
declared that he knew his own business.
Rice has been on the force for about
a year, and If what his fellow patrolmen
true, he is anxious to become a de
tective. It is possible that <'hief I -,
realizing his worth, will invoke his as
sistance in finding the brutal murderer of
Mrs. Carpenter.
FISH YARNS ARRIVING.
How Some of the Local Sports Are
Enjoying Themselves in the
Country.
Ed Briggs, the tobacconist. Is enjoying
the beautiful climate of Monterey County.
A friend of Ed wrote Jim Chesley a few
days ago of a terrible accident which be
fell Briggs while casting artificial flies
on the beautiful River Suir. The letter
goes: "We fished until our arms grew
weary whipping water, and not a fish
was caught until high noon, when one
of the boys concluded to send up smoke
by building a bonfire, on which our cof
fee and other good things agreeable to
the inner man were to be made warm and
palatable.
"Ed was fishing near the spot where
the camp fire was started, and as one
of the boys remarked: 'How lovely a
trout would taste when fried on those
hot coals,' Briggs shouted: 'I've got
'em!'
"Sure enough, Ed had a whopper on
lils hook, and after a desperate and ex
citable battle the fish was landed right
.«!<!>• up witfi care and flung quickly into
the basket for keeps.
" 'Bring him this way, Ed, old boy,'
Shouted the r'.reman. 'I've got a redhot
Btone here ready for the reception of the
salmor.
"Briggs acquiesced quickly, and after
the broiled rock was wiped clean Angler
Ed gently placed the trout on the im
provised cooking stove.
"Scarcely had Mr. Gteelhead. or salmon
trout, more commonly called, felt the beat
of the stone than up it sprang in the air
and with a flap of its tall as a iast good
by, dropped back into the stream out of
sight, but not out of mind of the lone
fisherman, who had angled for four long
and weary hours in the hope of catching
a supply of trout sufficient for a sweet
noonday mess on the banks of the Suir.
Briggs is now homesick."
Mike Katzenstein and party are enjoy
DEMOLISHED A TROLLEY CAR,
San Jose Express Train Crashed Into an Electric Car
and Sent It Spinning Twenty-Five Feet
Against a Telegraph Pole,
THE San Jose express, southbound, crashed into electric car No. 1121 of the
Solano and Sixteenth street line yesterday morning and was derailed. The
car was demolished, and the escape of the motorman, J. L. Meeks, and
Conductor Stanley was miraculous. The accident occurred at the crossing
at Sixteenth and Harrison streets, and the electric car came dashing down
the grade from Bryant street. Those who witnessed the collision— among
them J. H. Terrill of the John Kelso Company— say that Signalman A. Blake had
the guards down and was ringing his bell to warn everybody of the approaching
train, which was a double header. The motorman was grappling with his brakes,
which seemed to be unmanageable, and the car dashed through the guard and
upon the track. The car was struck fairly in the center and thrown fulh- twenty
live feet, hurled against a lamp post and telegraph pole, knocking those down and
rebounding toward the train. The conductor jumped for his life, but Motorman
Meeks stuck to his post and was found pinned beneath one of the seats.
He was extricated and removed to St. Luke's Hospital, 4 suffering from an
ugly deep gash over his left eye, besides numerous superficial scalp wounds. After
the wounds were dressed by the hospital physicians he was turned over to the
railway physicians. Fortunately there were no passengers on the car. The mo
torman claims that the brakes failed to work.
The express was going at the rate of 10 miles per hour, and tho head engine's
two leader wheels and two drivers lost their bearings. A large hole was punched
into the water tank, the cowcatcher was demolished and other damages were sus
tained by locomotive 1959, amounting to over $1000.
Meeks' attending physicians say that they *•«"« hoifi" of his recovery, pro
vided no "serious Internal injuries develop.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
ing sunbaths, etc., daily In and about Cal
lstoga. Occasionally they , go shooting
doves and dovelets in the vicinity of their
camp and incidentally catch trout by
what is called the gumboot bait. How
ever, the following letter from Katzen
stein in a measure tells the story of how
the. Friscoites are enjoying their sum
mer's outing. It is to a friend and reads
thusly:
Well, jresterday morning a party of five left
the hotel fully equipped and went hunting.
I shot two tleer and any quantity of doves and
cottontails with a Mauser rifle. I was the
lucky one; pretty good for me, eh? But my
luck did not st<>i> there. On our way back I
fell Into the creek. I had a pair of rubber
boots on and when I pull*>n oft my waders
they were full of trout of the Mlklss variety.
Now, <lon"t you think that because I caugrht
trout in my rubber boots that I am stretching
it. Xot a bit of it.
ALL ROUND SPORTS.
Basket-Bail Contest Next Saturday
Evening — A Horseshoer's
Challenge.
The flag on the Young Men's Christian
Association building has been -worn out,
and on next Saturday evening the young
men from the First New York Regiment
and the Business Men's team of the as
sociation will pln,y a game of basket-ball
at the association" gymnasium for the
purpose of raising money to purchase a
new flag. Cards of admission will be 10
cents. A most enthusiastic, lively game
is anticipated. The public Is invited to
patronize the game.
The following challenge for a horse
shoeing contest has been received, and
it speaks for itself:
"Sporting Editor San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: I hereby challenge Albert
Draeger to shoe from one to ten horses,
and will agree, if ten should be the num
ber, to shoe ten horses while he shoes
eight; and will post $50 forfeit with any
responsible person on Monday evening.
The match to be from $100 to $150 a side.
Yours truly JAMES R. GREEN.
"Winner Medal at World's Fair, unlcago."
Army Christian Commission
The Young People's societies of the
various churches are pouring a stream of
usefulness into the work of the Chris-
tlan Commission, co-operating in air lines.
It is expected auxiliaries of the commis
sion will be organized in many of the
larger cities of the State within the next
few days. The work is extending in all
directions, and is of such importance an
appeal is made to the public for funds
for its prosecution. The possibilities of
the work can be limited only by lack of
means for its support. Requests for
various lines of the work are constantly
coming to the notice of the commission
from the young men in the service. Evan
gelist Crlttenton will be at Camp Merritt
this week for four nights, Tuesday,
Wednesday. Thursday and Friday, and
will probably Bpeak in the lowa Regiment
and at the Mothers' Club. Many letters
are being received from various parts of
the country expressing high appreciation
of the work of the commission, especially
from the mothers. Contributions re
ceived yesterday were: Trinity Presby
terian Church, San Francisco, $13 35;
David Jacks, Monterey, $100: First Pres
byterian Church, Santa Barbara, $20 60;
Central Presbyterian Church, Salinas,
$1 50.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Arms and Equipment for a
Battalion of Engineers — A
Death From Pneumonia.
Private Charles W. Lewis, Company H,
Sixth California Regiment, who had been
111 in the Presidio hospital for the past
week of pneumonia, died at 9:15 o'clock
yesterday morning.
Colonel Barber, commanding the First
New York Regiment, left the city yester
day for a short trip to the south. H. ■ will
be ft* 'no for sevetul days, and during his
absence Lieutenant Colonel Stackpole will
be in command. The latter officer was
absent yesterday from the camp and
Major Chase was in charge in his ab
sence.
The battalion of the Engineer Corps has
received many of its equipments during
the past few days. The men are now
supplied with their guns, and they are
making daily progress In their drills
under the able command of Major Lang
fltt.
War Incidents.
Recruits of the First Colorado Regi
ment at Camp Merrltt have adopted
resolutions thanking the ladies of the
West Side Christian Church for enter
taining them with a sumptuous luncheon.
Adjutant General Barrett has gone to
his home at Los Angeles to spend a few
days.
The First Regiment, Illinois Volun
teer Infantry, Colonel Turner, Is on duty
at Santiago, guarding prisoners. This
regiment is from Chicago, and several of
the officers have relatives in San Fran
cisco.
Burglars Caught.
Tjouis Heeney and George Grant, alias
Galvin, were arrested last evening by De
tectives Egan and T. B. Gibson, and
charged at the City Prison with burglary.
Mrs. Tessie Arlett Is the complainant.
Triplets for ''Sultana."
"Sultana," the mqther of Adgle's lions,
has had a surprise in store for the pub
lic for some time, and yesterday aft.-r
noon she presented the Chutes' 200 with
three bouncing cubs.
DOCKED AMID
DIFFICULTIES
Transport Arizona Given
a Berth.
CENTENNIAL ALSO LAID UP
ANOTHER INSPECTION OF THE !
LATTER BOAT.
How Two Young Ladies Saw the Out
going Transport — The Bush
Goes to Mare
Island.
After a great deal of maneuvering Chief
Whariinger Root succeeded in getting a
berth for the big transport Arizona at
Folsom-street wharf. Owing to her great
length she required 475 feet of dock space
and also thirty feet of water in which to
maneuver.
The tugs Sea King and Reliance moved
her in from the stream yesterday, but as
the barkentine S. G. Wilder was on the
same side of the wharf the Arizona will
not be properly docked until to-day.
The Wilder will be moved out into the
stream and the Arizona will be moved
about twenty feet further up the dock.
As it is now her stern overhangs the
wharf about twenty feet.
The steamer Centennial also docked at
I Folsom-street wharf yesterday. She came
I down from Hunters Point drydock, where
} she had again been examined by the
United States authorities. On the sugges
tion of the Inspector of Hulls und Boilers
I new plates are to be put in the Cen
\ tennlal's boliers, und it Is then thought i
; that the Government will accept her as a
transport.
The docking of the Arizona and the
Centennial at Folsom-streei wharf will j
put the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company to a little trouble. SSpear
street wharf, where this company's ves
sels usually dock, is undergoing repairs,
I and latterly the vessels have been going !
] there to discharge their inward freight I
: and passengers and then going to
I Folsom-street wharf to load. All the coal
i and a considerable (juantity of freight for
the Columbia due to-day from Portland
Is lying on Folsom-street wharf, and at
first it was thought that the O. R. and N.
Company would have to cart It around to
Spear street. Assistant Chief Wharfinger
Scott, however, found a way out of the
difficulty. When the Columbia is ready to
go to Folsom street the Centennial will be
warped out into the dock in order to
allow the Columbia to get alongside the
wharf. The Centennial will then tie up
alongside the Columbia until the latter
has received her freight and passengers,
after which she will go to sea.
With the advent ut the State of Cali
fornia the O. R. and N. steamers' will dis
charge and receive freight at Spear
street wharf.
There was considerable enthusiam
along the water front over the departure
.of the Rio Janeiro lor Manila. Among |
I the crowds at the end of Howard-street
Wharf was an old Frenchman, who got I
very excited when he saw the transport I
| »et under way. H, ; waved his handiter- !
chief and hurrahed frantically for a few '
.. mmules and then he subsided and re- i
I turned the handkerchief to his pocket, j
' J )W » the Fr enchman had' two handker- !
; chiefs. Onv of th< m was for general usu
j and in the other he hud $2 50 done up for
I safekeeping. Unfortunately for him when
i his enthusiam again got the better of him
Ihe pulled out the handkerchief which i
contained the money, and the $2 50 scat- !
! tered among the crowd. There was a i
wild scramble and |1 50 was returned to
the old man, but a young follow named
Thomas Bheeban, who had picked up a
dollar, ran away with It. Officer George I
Lake, who had witnessed the scene, at i
once gave chase and caught Sheehan at '
iolsoin-strw't wharf. When caught the j
thief returned the dollar to the old man.
but Lake would not let him off. He was
t liken to the Harbor Police Station and
i charged with petty larceny.
Mrs. Andrews, the matron at the Har
i bor Receiving Hospital, was very much !
exercis-d over the manner In which two
young ladies whom she saw on the wharf ;
during the morning, got aboard the State !
j tug Governor Markham. The tug went!
; out with Adjutant General Barrett and a '
I number of army officers to the Rio de I
Janeiro and ten minutes after she had I
disappeared under a full head of steam i
the young ladles put in an appearance
on the wharf. The tug did not come back
to the landing again until the Rio de Jan
eiro had put to sea. Nevertheless, when!
she came back to land her passengers
the first to step off her were the two i
young ladies, who, according to Mrs. An
drews, hud missed their boat. Mrs An
drews is still wondering how they got i
on board, but the matter is easy of ex- ■
planatlon. The young ladles are friends ■
of Assistant Chief Whartlnger Scott, and I
the sight of their disappointed faces was
too much for him, so he hired a white
hall and rowed them out into the stream
There he was lucky enough to Intercept
the Markham and put them aboard.
It was awful hnrd work rowing, as Mr
Scott's hands will testify. There are three i
big blisters on each palm and Harry will i
carry this memento of his gallantry for i
several days to come.
The United States steamer Rush went
to Mare Island yesterday afternoon. Or
ders came to her captain during the
morning nnd as soon as steam was got
up the vessel ggt under way and steamed
up through Raccoon Straits. It Is be
lieved that she has gone to the navy
yard to have a battery of modern rapid
fire guns put aboard.
About three thousand women crossed
the bay on the 11 o'clock trip of the
Tiburon yesterday. They are the moth
ers, sisters, aunts and cousins of the
League of {he Crocs Cadets now en
camped at Santa Rosa. They will spend i
the day with their relatives at Camp I
Montgomery and will return with them 1
on a special train this afternoon.
A truce was declared yesterday by
Quarantine Officer Craw of the State
Board of Horticulture and the commis
sion merchants. In consequence none of
the wormy fruit that came on the Sac
ramento River steamers yesterday
morning was thrown overboard The
commission merchants ask for a delay
until to-morrow morning in order to no
tify their clients on the river, nnd they
were given the time asked for. Mr. Craw
was very willing to grant their request
when they explained that this practice
of shipping wormy and Inferior fruit to
San Franclsgo had been going on for
years nnd that It was only fair that the
farmers should be notified that the prac- I
tlce should stop. Some of the commis- i
sion merchants took a very high handed
stand with the State quarantine man nnd
at one time threatened to throw him off I
the wharf. Mr. Crnw, however, pointed
out to them that there was a fine of
|8000 or Imprisonment for five years nt
tcched to Interfering with a State of
ficer In the execution of his duty. So the
commission merchants enme to" the con
clusion that Quarantine Officer Craw was
a good man to leave alone.
W. Williams, note teller of the Hlber
nla Bank, denies the story of his rescue
by E. Alexander, manager of Parrot t &
Co., Sausallto, last Thursday. Mr. Wil
liams Is sure that there is some mistake
in the matter and expresses fears that
his reported rescue will make him the
laughing stock of the community.
Stmr. OJrnco Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points
low r:it«>s. Particulars 40 Mkt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
« » » . _
Stanislaus Coroner Happy.
Joseph McNoill, Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator and member of the Repub
lican State Central Committee from Stan
islaus County, has, In addition to these
honors, added one — that of benedict
—to his string. Joe was In evidence at the
cozy little office of Cupid Fred Danforth,
at the City Hall, bright and early yester
day forenoon, and procured a piece of
parchment for the small sum of $2, which
authorizes any minister of the gospel, or
other legally authorized person, to tie the
Coroner and Public Administrator of
Stanislaus County to Miss Sarah A. Miles
of 2521 Laguna street, according to the
matrimonial laws of the State.
■ ■ . ■ ■ m ■ . ■ ; ■
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; wi
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 8 & 7.
A HEAVY TAX
ON NEW WINE
Scott Rules on Bottled
Goods.
LOCAL DEALERS AROUSED
DEATH BLOW TO CALIFORNIA'S
CHERISHED INDUSTRY.
War Stamps Should not Be Put on
Bottles Until the Wines Are
Beady to Go on the
Market.
Treasury Department, Office of Com
missioner of Internal Revenue, Washing
ton, D. C, July 5. 189S.— Sir: Tysen & Tot
ten, 24 Dey street. New York City, have :
written to this office under date of June :
25, stating that they have large bins in !
their cellars and it Is their custom to
have on hand thousands of bottles of
wine, which are kept to age. They also
state these are not ready for sale, as they
are simply corked and have no caps or
labefc. which cups or labels are to be af
fixed when sold and ready to be delivered.
They further state that they do not bot
tle these wines themselves. The wines
are sent to a regular bottler, and he is
paid for bottling. They ask when they
bottle wines in this way, without caps
and labels, to be placed in bins, if it is ;
necessary for them to stamp them at that
time, or if they can wait until capped and
labeled for sale.
They have been referred to you. You
will please advise thorn that this office
rules in such a case that when the wine
lias lM>en bottled It be regarded as having
been bottled for sale, and the stamps
must be affixed to such bottles at the !
time of bottling, no mutt'-r how long aft
erward they may be kept for aging pur
poses. Ripnectfully yours,
ft. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
r l his ruling of Commissioner Scott has
set all of the wine men of California into
a frame of mind anything but pleasant.
Not that they wish in any man
ner to avoid paying their portion
of the war tax, but the terms
and conditions imposed by the
ruling power at Washington are such
that, they contend, will deal a death
blow to the wine Industry . of this and
every State if not modified. All of the
wine' men and bottlers are charitable
enough to believe that the Commissioner
is wholly ignorant of the wine business,
or he would never have made such a
rule. Some idea of the terrible burden it
fastens upon this Industry may be had
from the remarks of two of the leading
dealers of this city— Arpad Haraszthy, oi
the sparkling wines, and Charles E.
Bowen, of the sweet and dry wines.
Mr. Haraszthy does not believe that
this ruling should be taken seriously. He
said:
There surely must have been some mistake In
this matter. Why, if that would follow every
champagne house In the United States would
have to .r'. "in •>: business within twenty-four
hours. The putting of the wines In bottles In
the first plaoe la not bottling in the sense
of the act, it Is a portion of the making of the
chamiiaitne. Wo are obliged to keep th«» stuff In
bottles for two or three years before we know
what we have. In that length of time every
bottle has to be handled about 850 times a year.
Down In the damp cellars where this work is
done the stamps would not stay on the corks
but a short time before rubbing off. and then
they would have to be replaced. This of Hseif
would require a small fortune. Then there is
the breakage, which none but those who have
to pay for bottles have any idea of.
It is cafe to say that the lowest average of
breakage Is never Ipss than In per cent a year,
to say nothing of the loss of wine to us. In
tbe w.irkiny of the Hnuld th.' "orlcs have fre
quently to he removed many times before the
final corking. As a fact it ie not wine until the
final corking, as it is not fit for the trade and
cannot be used by thf> trade. If an attempt
Is made to compel me to comply with the law
as interpreted by the Commissioner I will tell
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■- ■ ;■■■■ ' ■-.".■ .■..•■-■,-:■■■ -...-■■.-.-..-■■"•■■■■ - --,■•':.- . - ■
. . a
■ »
Another Man Made Happy by This Wonderful Belt |
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT |
Is an appliance which is known all over the world for its wonderful tonic influence upon the waning $
vitality of men and women. Its touch is the touch of life. Warmth and energetic health follow Xf.
its application within ten days. A permanent cure of all weakness — restoration of new life — is **
assured in the longest standing cases within ninety days.
MADE A NEW MAN OF HIM. jjj
■;,.:;;.'...■ . * * Q
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I write to you to-day to let you know what your Belt has done for me. It Is now sixty v-«
' days since I began wearing the Belt you advised, and In that time It has made a great change in me, as I feel al-
together different from what I used to. I can say with a glad heart that your Belt has cured me of one of the worst 8
cases of nervous debility, and has made a new man of me. 1 am very grateful for the good I have received from ri
your Belt and would recommend it to any one suffering as I was, for I am sure they will never regret having given fj
it a trial. I will be glad to do all I can for you and will be more than pleased to write to any one who has any iJt
doubts as to the good I received from your Belt. With best wishes, I remain, yours very truly, v-i
0 ■ A. ROUDERBUSH, Malheur, Or., July 16, IS9B. CD
'  IT IS c GRAND REMEDY. «
It assists nature by a general re-enforcement of vital energy by infusing a mild, warming, *|
invigorating current of electricity into the nerves, and by supplying the system with the very $
essence of nerve vigor and . nerve strength. &
ORE YOU ThjE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? J
Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. * You Suould be stronger. You **
should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel its 5?
warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. . Call and test this $
wonderful Belt free. See what it has done for others— lo,ooo cures ! If you can't call send for #
the book about it free. Call or write to-day. Don't put it off. Address ®
DR. /\. T. SANDEN, - ;*; * not in drub stores, *|
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Dr sanden-a Electric Beit I B
* Is never sold In drug stores j y^.
Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. c 0..; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches- at Los Angeles, Cal., 204>£ nor by traveling agents; only | Q
South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo.; 931 Sixteenth street; at our office. g
. Pallas, Tex., 285 Main street. ♦ ; 4t L^
3 &■&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CITYOF jgjjl PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY
WILL OFFER ON MONDAY, JULY 25th,
FOH ONE WEEK,
BLACK DRESS GOODS
FINAL REDUCTIONS.
20 PIECES 44-INCH FANCY ETAMINES,
Formerly 1.25. *JT Cf f*\ V n Id? f"|
Reduced to / ZJ \*> lA\ F\ LJ .
27 PIECES 46-INCH NOVELTY ETAMINES AND GRENADINES, -
Formerly 51. 75, fig rf f\f\ VZi W9 JTI
Reduced to 32/I. \J\J I MI\LJm
18 PIECES NOVELTY VENETIAN CLOTH AND CREPONS, '. •-. :': '
Formerly 62 and $2.25, <gj # PZf\ YARD.
Reduced tc 3/.DU J Jh\iX LJm
400 YARDS 48-INCH NOVELTY GRENADINES,
Formerly $3.50, fitO <O#^l Y7l J9 f^
Reduced to >S>^Z.\J\J I JAtXLJm
SEE DISPLAY lIS SHO\A/ VUINDOU/,
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
UNION SQUARE.
them to take my business, pay my dsbts and let
me get out at once. The idea of trying to
compel us to put a stamp on every bottle of
champagne before it Is ready for the market
is about as sensible as it would be to make a
rough estimate of the amount of wine In a
grape press and assess us on such an esti
mate. As I said, in this line it is not w:ne
until It is ready' for the trade, and I know that
the law did not contemplate taxing tho crude
stuff In every stage of its manufacture, for
that Is what such a ruling would be. T am
sure that when the injustice of this matter Is
called to the attention of the Commlßsloner he
will surely modify his decision. I will willingly
pay the contemplated tax. but the business
cannot stand the stamp on every curk. propo
sition.
The position of Charles E. Bowen of the
"Wetmore-Bowen Company Is similar 10
that of the champagne man. He sa!d
that the sweet and dry wines are kept in
bottles for three and four years In order
to determine what kind of an article the
grape juice makes. It Is not Infrequent
that whole lots of hundreds of gallons
have to be drawn off and clarified again.
If this had to be done with a lot of 10.000
or 20,000 bottles, the bottler would have
to pay a double tax, a thing that the
act does not contemplate. His firm bot
tles about 1000 casea of ten and twenty
four Quart bottles to the case
erery month, and these are stored
In bins holding 20,000 bottles, to
be kept for three and four years.
While in the bins the bottles are naked -
that is. they have no labels or caps on
the corks, and while in this condition the
wines are not for sal'">. because the ar
ticle Is in process of .manufacture. Then,
too. there are leaky corks, which would
destroy stamps, and breakage, and a tax,
according to Mr. Bowen. would be most
unjust on the raw. unfinished wines. The
gentl* man is of the opinion that the Com
missioner has made a great mistake
through his ignorance of the process of
manufacture of wines; moreover, that he I
lias made a ruling that exceeds the spirit !
and intent of the act. In schedule B. tho i
tax on wines Is set forth in a very brief
and concise manner, to th-? effect that
"sparkling or other wines, when bottled I
for sale, upon each bottle containing one |
pint or less, 1 cent: upon each bottle con- |
tainlng more than one pint, 2 cnt.~."
''That is the law," said Mr. Bowen,
"and if the words 'for sale' hava any
meaning, they mean exactly what they
say. Wines in bins are l.ot for sale, and
when they are ready to go on the mar
ked, then it the time to pa/ tho (ax
theieon. ami not before. It would be as
juf-t *.o lax the grapes on the vne* at 1
cent per bottle, for we can come pretty
near tti! the amount of vine a eor
tuiii quantity of grapes will maka, a.3 to
compel us to pay by the botti^. i;r>:ii wo
kr.iHv how many bottles we wiil save in
the m:'l<l:ipr. I am sure that when tuQ
abwrdity of this rule is mi'ie apparent
to those who have the say in Buch things
It will be rrodined so as to coma within
he rnennmg of the a.ct." .
A mnnter of other wine men rtiscucs-ed
the rr.ftT.ier lr the same manner, deolar
ing that the ruling Is the "worst kind of
an injustice, and would drive many out
of business. However, they all seem to
be waiting for the case to be called to the
attention of the Commissioner in its
ri^ht light, believing that he will see the
injustice of taxing the wine men many
times, and modify his ruling.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
The Siege of Paris.
Ignntlnn Council No 35. Y. M. 1., haa
perfected arrangements for the lecture
to be delivered under its auspices by the.
Very Rev. J. B. Hogan, D.D., of Boston.
Subject. "Personal. Reminlscensea of the
Siege of Paris." The lecture will take
place at Metropolitan Hall to-morrow
evening. Judge R. G. Hayne will preside,
and a musical programme of unusual
merit will precede the lecture.
Clark Was an Oaklander.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Word reached
to-day of the death yesterday of
Stephen J. Clark of Santa Rosa at the
age of 07. He was a former resident of:
this city, -where he was well known. H«
came to this State in 1849 and settled la
Plumas County, where ho served as
Sheriff and Treasurer. While living
here he was employed In the United
States Customs and Postoffice de
fments in Saa Francisco. •He will be
;d here to-morrow by the Workmen,
leaves a widow, one son, Roy M.
k. and one daughter, Mrs. A. L«
ting.
Only one-fifth of the boys of India go
to school, and only one-flftleth of tno
girls.
910
FAST HARES
RAN COYISH
Short Courses With Very
Many Turns.
THE CALL'S TIPS WON
HEAVY -BETTING ON THE RE
SULTS AT UNION PARK.
Probable Winners of the Fir3t
Rounds of the Puppy
and All-Aged
Stakes.
A large Saturday crowd of sport lovers
attended the coursing meeting at Union
i ilng Park yesterday, and betting
■w;.s particularly lively because of the
fortunate way the drawing resulted,
bringing the good dogs together In the
Blips and leaving the poor ones to iigh;
the battles among themselves.
Tile puppy :-!ak. was first on the list,
Bi.il owing to its i . ■ ::^•: :^ • : l it was rather late
In the afternoon when the open *tak- was
introduced, but some excellent sport re
sulted. In th>* open or all-aged stake The
Call tipped twenty winners .>ut of twenty
four I Qd had it not been for the
condition of two favorites which fell
c inferior stork, almost a clean
would have resulted, that is, so far
as the tipping is concerned.
An. Sweet Music, a p ■
favorite, after an undecided course and a
well-contested race. This was the first
■ the knowing <>::>■«.
Obadlah beat Borders Valentine In a I
long course by a small margin; the win- i
ncr was about done, however, when th» ■
contest ended.
• Mystery in a very close \
iugh the belting wus S to 1 in
Chartist's I'avor.
Hadiwist, a dog that is played by sev
eral sports to win the stake, did not run
as well as th<* experts of form expected.
In fa^t, he was closely pressed by Chill
Pepper in a course in which the hare re- !
sorted to trickery In the hope of escap
ing Its pursuers. The race was short and '
exciting, owing to the raanv turns anu
wrenches that were made! If Flying
Buck shows up in good condition to-day
..1 Haigh's dog to his kennel in
rst course.
Open Stake— Result of the run down:
. Hadtwist beat Chili Pepper; Flying Buck
beat Rusty Uold; Miller's Maid beat Gallant
Foe; Commodore beat Forget; Minneapolis
beat Glt-nstone; Laurelwood beat MeKlnley;
Theronbeat Royal Buck; Arno beat Sweet
Music; Magi •■■ beat Arapahoe; The Gossoon
beat Kittle Delight; Lady lilanche beat Do
>fe; Bendigo beat Easy; Pretender beat Sig
nal;. Maud S beat Lissak; Vanity Fair beat
I'u.i Molloy; Right Bower beat Mountain
Beauty; Douglas beat Native Son; Lord By
ron "beat Ta-ra-ra; Counterfeit beat Lord
Lonsdale; Obadiah beat Borders Valentine-
Tod Sloan beat Jester;. Chartist beat Mystery;
Jesse Moore beat Mona; Green Valley Maid
beat Sweet Lips.
Probable winners of the fir3t round—Ha<3l
wist and Flying Buck, close; Minneapolis to
beat Millers Maid; Laurel to beat Com
modore; Theron to beat Arno; Magi to beat
Gossoon; Lady Blanche to beat Bendigo;
Maud S to beat Pretender; Vanity Fair to
beat Right Bower; Douglas to beat. Lord By
ron; Counterfeit to beat O bad Tod Sloan
to beat Chartist; G. Valley Maid to beat Jesse
Woo re.
Puppy stake, winners— Maid of Erin beat
Magnesia; Belle of Seville beat Blacklock;
Golden Russet beat Brandy and Soda; Sheri
dan beat Sandow; Daisy Dean beat Needham;
"Walt a Little beat Top Notch; Rest Assured
beat Master< Mat: Wachingion beat Butter
Scotch; St. Gertrude beat Sky Queen; Brutus
beat Minerva; Liberty Bell beat Gloaming;
Billy Gladstone beat Jersey Lily; Flyaway beat
Petronius;Miss Skyrocket beat Regular Army;
Macs Melody beat Lalla Rookh; Miss Skyball
beat Reception; Ma^netto beat Riot Act;
Beauty Spot beat Rich and Artless; Sunburst
beat Yosemite; Morning Glory ran a bye;
Sweet Maria withdrawn.
As The Call predicted, there were some
surprises yesterday during the run-down
of the puppy stake, but out of the twenty
cours< The Call tipped n f teen winners,
which is a display of tolerably good judg
ment, considering: the unreliable running
of puppies. Belle of Seville defeated
Blacklock, a strong favorite; the winner
was a Call selection. Then Golden Rus-
Bett. another Call tip, sent the favorite.
Brandy and Soda, to his kennel after a
good drubbing. Minerva, tipped to win
against Brutus, met with signal defeat.
Brutus was a 1 to 10 shot, and to the sur
prise of first class judges he led from the
slips, scored first turn and held a good
lead until the hare was picked up In a
drive by Minerva. The loser appeared In
the slips in poor condition, and did not.
by any means, run up to her accustomed
form.
The next upset came when the speedy
bitch Lalla Rookh, the property of John
Kerrigan, was upset by Macs Melody.
The owner stated that Lalla Rookh had
taken sick on Friday evening, but had
seemingly feeling well when she was
handed over to the slipper. She certainly
ran out of form, allowing xvlacs Melody
to put several lengths between her and
the hare in the run-up to game. She sold
a 5 to 2 favorite.
Sunburst ran a short but fast race. pick-
Ing up his game on a straight run and
leaving Yosemite wondering whether the
hare had suddenly taken wings..
The winners or the first round of the
puppy stake may be Maid of Erin, Sher
idan. Wait a Little, Rest Assured, St.
Gertrude, Billy Gladstone. Fly Away,
Macs jvlelody, MagnetiO and Morning
Glory.
INGL.ESIDE.
Splendid Coursing With Fleet
Greyhounds in the All-Aged
Stske — Probable Win
ners To- Dny.
The first run down of the all-aged stake
at Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday re
sulted in grand sport. The bun b were an
Unusually sU'Tir tot, but the dogs ran
bo triif> to form that only nix short-enders
■con d In the thirty-six courses.
Owing to the 1 length of the programme
to-day the first pair of <lops will he turned
over to the slipper, - James- O. Race, at
half-past 10. Tne results Oi. yesterday
follow:
C. F. Brown" b Rosalie beat James Byrnes'
Clipper: D. l'lynn's -Tom Bell b«*at Lahußen &
Duncan's Preclta Girl: H. W. Wyman's Rush
o'Hlil beat .1. L. Sears' Beauty: T. J. Cronln'B
Reliable beat R. W. Blake's Philippine: S. E.
Portal's Lightning beat D, Leonard'^ Annie;
J. Bhea'l Rathbone heat J. McCormlck's Whltr
Wingv: K*s & T>ant'H Macterplece beat .1.
FE.rley'B Tullamore; i-rny & Trant'a -I>atch
bent Dillon .v Roilly's Qranuale; P. J. Hush's
Van Npeiia beat DlDon & RtHly'B Queen B:
Larkr-v .*.- Rock's Pt>aoeful Qleh beat I'enelope
Kennol's Lns ] n«n; Deckelman Panarlo's
Old Glory beat Pembroke Dticl'B Wildflower;
I). Hooper's Hendalong beat J. Rooney*a Laa-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
6ECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM— 7.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION!
\%V^ °*/® c ojo/ /r CONSULTATION FREE.
\A r A/ W//lb, OUR SPECIALTY— and Brid&e
A Wv v Vi&?>t&B(eL **aaa Wopk and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
, "S&tti &h _^-— — t*3 The Clink Ik alwa.vß nhend in Advanced
'^^ -, yW> jf\} '', Jj@L^> ™ Dental Science. No Students Employed.
•«, — '^W/JtM^uWTZ. T to. For the Next 30 Da 8 Oup Prices Will Be x
rYE DO j^fflf?%k§yk< ACWTnlS FULL SET OF TKETH for $4 50 up
r . n £^i / ''Bl^l r -$^ v^Ti> GOLD CROWNS, 22k 3 50 up
* FOR Te&jf- ir<&}- 'X\ YUU^% BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3DO up
/S W?' 43 \^* " SILVER FILLING 26c up
''7 \fc} %r x, \ Extracted gold filling 75c up"
V' i tit FILLED-- CLEANSNG TEETH 60c up
TEETH W 22 R WNE A Physician Always in Attendance.
,C ; WITHOUT PAIN. SKILLED OPERATORS— LADT ATTENDANT
Office Hours— a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 a. m. to 2 p. in. ' -_'; , : ,
THEY MUST PUT ON STAMPS
COMMISSIONER SCOTT of Internal Revenue
Has Instructed Collector Lunch That
Express Companies and Other Carriers
Must Place the War Stamp on
Bills of Lading.
In order to settle the question a* to the duty of express companies find
other common carriers in relation to th.- payment of the stamp tax on bills
of lading. Ford H. Thomas, representing the John D. Spreckels & Bros.
Company, called upon Internal Revenue Collector Lynch yesterday and
submitted to htm the following- written question;
"Under the provisions of schedule A. war revenue law, Is it incumbent
upon shippers of merchandise or agents of foreign-bound vessels to affix
stamps to hills of lading?"
Mr. Lynch was of the opinion, as he had been all along, that the law
was plain on the matter im.l that there could be no mistaking its language
and intent. There could be no doubt that carriers were required to affix the
stamps mentioned in the law. But in order to be able to speak authorita
tively on th-> matter he wired the question to Commissioner Scott at the
headquarters of the Internal Revenue Department in Washington. In a
shurt time the following reply was received;
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 23.
Collector Lynch, San Francisco — The carrier company or its agent must
stamp bills of lading. N. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
This opinion from the head of the department closes all controversy a3
to the obligation imposed upon Wells-Fargo's Express Company to affix the
war stamps on the bills of lading and at its expense. It is expected that
tin United States courts will rule in harmony with the opinion rendered by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
In order to make a stronger and more complete case against the com
pany, the Merchants' Association yesterday requested United States Attor
ney Foote not to begin suit against Wells. Fargo & Co. next Tuesday, but
to postpone it until they notify him that they are ready to go on with the
case.
I sle Hayes; I>. Shnnnon's Swinnerton beat Kay
i & Trant's Sylvia; Napoleon Kennel's Fireball
beat D. Hooper" a 1. 8. Cooler; J- Sheehan's
0' OOWTIe beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman;
J Baddeley*s Hobson beat D. Ford's Bonlta:
! J. Quane's'Murletta beat I>. China's St. Nich
olas; J L. Sears' H-muff bent J. M<-< '■■r
mlck's White Lily: U. Kather'e Belle of Mos
cow beat Pembroke Kennel's The Turk: .T.
guane's Thud Stevens beat Newman & Ram»-
Jen's lied Cloud; I.iirkey & Hock's Myrtle beat
Napoleon Kennel's Decorator; D. Shannons
Systematic b.-^t J. Murph>-"a Dempsey Lass:
1' Kr-iphy's Ufnlcia b^at Napoleon Kennel' a
Queen; .1 ©"Dowd's Clifton I^ass beat
11 M N. Spring's Muster Jack; James Byrnes'
'< b^-at X Black's Occidental; J. ■fe
ck's Rapid beat 11. Weber's Montana:
n & Moore's Monitor beat Johnson &
an's Miss U>l*; Pembroke Kennel's Ter
rona beat Lane & Thompson's Victor; J.
a Gladiator beat Ka}- & Trant's Trilby;
D Hooper's Koolawn beat H. McNeil's Sports
man; I)eckelman & I'anarlo's Glen Chloe beat
T Tooney's Mystic: T. Dean's Mlalm.' beat
T A Gaffney'p Sir John Arnott; L
Thompson's Prince Hal beat J. Murnune ?
Flashlight: Kay ft Trant'a Chit Chat beat P.
Dwyer*s Schley; Lowe A Thompson « sir Wil
fred beat i" '". Fentiman'a Whlteball: O.
Smart's Silkwood b«>at W. T. Sullivan's Trlnk.
The probable winners to-day are:
R * tile to beat Tom Bell: Reliable to beat
Rush o" Hill; Uehtnins to beat Rathbone;
Van N la to beat Masterpiece; Cross Patch
Glen; > >M Glory to beat Bend-
Swlnnertnn to beat Fireball; Hobspn
to beat Lass -■ Hotstufl to b.»at Ma
rietta; Belle Of MOSCOW to beat Tlia.l Stevens;
Myrtle to bent Systematic; Benlcls Boy to beat
Clifton Lass; Rapid to beat Mohawk; Terrona
to beat Monitor; Gladiator to beat Koala wn:
to b*-at Glen Chloe; Prince Hal t
("hit Chat; Sir \Vll:'re.l t ■ bvat Silk
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
A. Rebell of Tucson, Ariz., Is at the
Russ.
R. Abenheim of Japan Is stopping at the
Occidental.
l>r. Clarence Miner and wife of Fresno
an' at the Grand.
John Temple Graves of Georgia is stop
ping at th<- Palace.
\V. A. Morrtsey, an attorney of Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
1... A. Bichardß, a stock raiser of Gray
son, Cat, is at the Rnss.
11. Shattuck, a merchant of Juneau, is
registered at the Occidental.
W. C. Swain, the architect, of Marys
ville, is a guest at the Grand.
R. E. Alaedill and Douglas Campbell of
Palo Alto are at the California.
Captain E. P. Kewhall, a prominent
mining man of Washington, is at the
George R. Stewart, the well-known cat
tleman of Crows Landing, is at the
Grand.
James A. Selby of London and Alfred
W. nz of Reims returned last night from
a two weeks' visit to Yosemite.
F. A. Utiger and P. L. Lewis and wife,
of Denlson, Tex., arrived in this city yes
terday, and will remain for a few days.
They are staying at the Russ.
Ralph Nichols of Kalgoolln. Western
Australia, arrived in this city yesterday
direct from England, where he has been
purchasing a plant for a new process of
or.- work in Australian mines.
Sam C. Dunham of Washington has re
turned from the Klondike, when- ho has
been since last August. He Is at present
engaged in writing a complete description
of the mines of that country for the
United States Government.
Professor 11. Geelmuydex of Chrlstlanla
has returned from a visit to the Lick
Observatory, where he has been making
a close examination of the methods pur
1 sued by the Lick attaches In the man
■ agemerit of an isolated observatory. He
will report in person to the Norwegian
Government.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 23.— E. Dreyfus of
San Francisco is at the Stuart. J. F.
Sartorl of Ix>s Angeles Is at the Park
Avenue.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larliln sts. ; swlmmliiß, HuKslan, hot
and cold tub baths; salt water direct from
ocean.
Park Music To-Day.
At the open air concert in Qoldra Gate Park
to-day, the following programme will be ren
dered:
March. "Pride of the Navy. Oregon"
Major Hunt
Overture, "The Beautiful Galntea" Puppe
Selection, "La Fille de Madame Angot"
Lecocq
Waltz, "The Poatlllioa" Kahrbach
"Si.rinK Jubilee In the Alps, With Echo
Band" Cjiing
Overture, "I»a Slrene" Auber
Flute mho Oecorpoll
Performed by A. Logar.
"H.'xt'-t from Lucia" Donizetti
Humurlstlr, "Th<* Arkansas Traveler, with
Vaitettpna" Rppves
"Admiral Dewey March" J. Donlgan
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
LOCHNER AGAIN
ON THE GRILL
He Makes a New and
Complete Statement.
NOTHING STARTLING ELICITED
JUSPECT STICKS TO HIS ORIG
INAL TALE.
Police Department Will Submit the
Case to the Coroner on the
Evidence Already
Gathered.
Police Captain Seymour had Joe T,och
ner, the suspected murderer of Sadie Car
penter, on the grill again yesterday fore
noon, but nothing new was elicited fn>:n
the prisoner. During the "sweating" pro
cess he was subjected to. Lochner made
a iir-w and complete Btatement of his con
nection with the tragedy and his rela
tlons to the victim prior to her death on
Sunday morning last.
His last and corrected Bt&temerit Is, in
substance, the same as the Interview
with Captain Seymour which was pub
lished in yesterday's Call. He reiterated
his statement that he saw the rag around
the dead woman's neck when he entered
her room with the night clerk by the re-
Oected light of lamps In front of the
Casino Saloon on Fourth street opposite
the Hubbard House. He also contradict
ed the statement of Darby Glynn that
he remained In the Bellevue Snloon fly»
to fifteen minutes when he rushed in and
said. "Sadie hns been murdered," on the
morning of the crime.
Lochner also made several corrections
of his previous statements in regard to
his connection with the crime.
During the inquisition Joe brought in
the name of a lady he had met while he
was selling coupons for a photograph
gallery located on Market street. Cup
tain Seymour sent for her and she came
to his office immediately. On her arrival
Lochner was again brought up from his
cell and his statement read in the pres
ence of the lady and himself. During
the reading the suspect tldgeted in his
chair and seemed ill at ease. When rap
tain Seymour had finished, the lady in
dignantly denied the entire statement,
and turning to Lochner said: "You
despicable wretch, you lie, and you ought
to be hanged."
"What do you mean." said Captain
Seymour to Lochner, "by bringing the
name of a respectable woman into the
case, when you know you are 1-ing?"
"Well," replied Lochner, "maybe I was
mistaken. I cannot tell. I have known
so many women."
Captain Seymour took pains to Investi
gate the character of the lady referred
to by Lochner and found that she had
never seen the man but once, and that
she was a respectable woman.
Lochner also made many correc
tions of his previous statements, but
maintained that he was Innocent of
but maintained that he was innocent of
any harm to Badie. He sticks to his ver
sion of the Incidents of the night of the
murder and still maintains that Lizzie
Rlley said something about "choking" or
"strangling" when he was awakened by
the night clerk.
The police have not received any new
evidence in the case, which will be pre
sented to the Coroner's Jury on the tes
timony heretofore presented in The Call.
THE SHERIFF HIS BEST MAN.
Sad Trials and Tribulations of a
Newly Wedded Couple.
Had the author of the words, "True
love never runs smooth," been present at
the marriage license office where F. R.
Danforth Issues the marriage negotiation
documents, he would have Been his words
come true In the case of the boy Joseph
J. Schwarz, who was conducted from a
cell In the County Jail to the County
Clerk's office, where he was met by his
mother and the young 1 woman to whom
he was married according to the laws of
the State by Presiding Judge Belcher,
and who was then conveyed back to his
lonely prison cell to spend the honey
moon.
The brief history attending? this mar
riage is that on tho 2T>th of last June the
boy groom of yesterday, accompanied by
his mother, appeared before Deputy
County Clerk Danforth and obtained a
marriage license to wed Josephine Healy.
A reason for Schwrftz's mother accom
panying her son was that the boy was
only 19 years of age, while the age of the
Healy &irl was 18. But from the unwrit
ten pages of the case it would appear
that it was deemed bOHt that they should
get married. After the issuing of the li
cense and before the services of the unit
ing agent were called into requisition
Mrs. Sohwarz had reason to change her
mind as to the uniting of her son with
that of the Healy family. Hence the
buns were forbidden, but immediately
thereafter the services of a police officer
were called into the case with a warrant
for the arrest of Joseph J. Sehwarz for
deceiving Josephine Healy under the
promise of marriage. The preliminary
hearing wan had before Judge Conlan,
who held Schwarsc to answer before the
Superior Court, fixing his bond at $5000.
His continued confinement in the County
Jail and the inability to get him out on
bail so worked on the motherly feelings
that yesterday she weakened and gave
her consent to the marriage.
Now that Miss Heuly that was is Mrs.
Schwa rz in fact and in law, she cannot
Wstify against her husband, and as a
matter of course the case will be dropped,
but the joy of the honeymoon la spoiled,
and there is weeping at the house of Mrs.
Sohwarz instead of a scattering of rice
and a throwing of old slippers.
Advances rrmde on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
TERRIBLE!
TERRIBLE!
An Expert Verdict on the
Ball Came.
ATHLETICS PLAY HORRIBLY
THEY EMPLOY THREE PITCH
ERS USELESSLY.
San Jose Won Handily by Putting
Up Excellent Ball in Marked
Contrast to Their Op
ponents' Work.
BY JOE CORBETT.
As I am a most ardent admirer of our
great national game it is with great
reluctance that I allude to yesterday's
performance between the San Joses and
Athletics as a game of baseball. It was,
of course, in one sense, yet to an indi
vidual endowed with but the usual
amount of sagacity it appeared more like
a game of "checkers." That is, the San
Joses played baseball and the Athletics,
who have gained some little reputation
of late as a good ball team, played at it.
The difference in methods gave the game
to the first named aggregation without
even an argument.
To describe the contest as it really oc
curred would, I Blncerely believe, be im
possible; yet, as 1 must give some idea
of the game, and particularly dwell upon
that point which conveys how it was won
and lost, 1 will say that It was from be
ginning to end a complication of precipi
tate confusions.
The San Joses played almost perfectly;
that is, until after they were assured of
certain victory, and the Athletics, well,
they tried hard and lost. To give an
Idea of how hard they tried three pitchers
were necessary, and absolutely so, to
finish the game. Now, if that is not em
ploying every available means to emerge
victorious, 1 am sadly mistaken.
It was, after this "changing process"
became so common, that the Athletics
gave the impression that they were play
ing "checkers."
Fltzpatrlck made the first move at the
end of the fourth inning. Things weren't
going well with him, and he conceived the ;
idea that a graceful retirement, under the
pretense that he must pitch to-day
against the Sand Crabs, was preferable to ;
being compelled to retire amid an aval
anche of base hits and possible three
baggers.
Ins successor was a Mr. Fountain, who
has been taking care of the bats Bince
signing a Crowley & Kaplen contract.
He had a way of Bending men to iirst I
base that was really remarkable, no less
than three being given free transporta
tion in such rapid succession that the
crowd howled derisively for another
pitcher.
The crowds and their quarters account
for that new fence now going up, which,
by the way, began to turn yellow in the
middle of the- game, its hue being, no
doubt, the reflection of the Athletica" play
ing.
The entreaties of the assemblage, in
view of the above mentioned fact, could
not be ignored, so it became Mr. Foun
tain's next move. All pitchers, so far.
Looked alike to those Florists, and when
"Josh. Rellly undertook to ease the situ
ation, so to , say. by entering, the box
himself,' the game of checkers became
baseball history, and the whole affair
terminated in a "josh."
Reilly was no improvement over his
vanquished cohorts, yet his • efforts to
make the game appear as near baseball
as possible were appreciated and
applauded. He certainly Is an earnest
worker, and "without him It Is needless to ]
conjecture what would happen to the |
Athletics. ,
The pitchers were not the "onllest
ones" mixed up In this game of confu
sion. They were admittedly very much
a la Perrine or Russell, but their work
fades into oblivion when confronted with
the miserable exhibition put up by those
players who are engaged to accept field
ing possibilities and make runs.
I know of no more appropriate manner
in describing their attempts (they were
nothing else) than to say that, on the
whole, they outclassed the famous "blue
ribbon" collection. This I realize is mak
ing use of some acrimony, but it is true.
They played as only the Friscos can
not the Friscos of the present, for tney
bave reformed— but the Friscos of the
past.
It was confusion on confusion with
them all through the game. The "Flor
ists" made ten hits, yet scored aa many
runs. That In itself will give an idea of
how eoKtly some of the errors were, but
it does not convey a proper conception of
their color. Yellow is the hue, the same
as that now being put on the fence, and
the reflection must have been very strong
to inspire those painters, who were I un
derstand supposed to use black. They
cannot be censured, however, for It cer
tainly was awful, and a man could not
be blamed for killing another after leav
ing the grounds.
In the seventh inning Iborg took things
easy, and the crowd wan brought to its
feet by a rally, which, for a moment,
looked as though It would" last until sun
down. A continuity of base hits, clean
as could be, marked the lirst stages of
this inning. The spectators thought It
wan the turning point of the game, but
after four successive hits were made. In
termingled with an error or two, Iberg
started pitching again, and tho hopes of
all were shattered beyond recognition.
Four runs were scored In this inning,
and then confusion asserted itself, us pre
viously, and reigned supreme until the
end.
The work of the San Joses was really
good, despite the fact that they made six
SAM BENDIT'S GAME SHUT UP.
Collected Moneu From Unsuspecting Persons on
Pretense That He Had Fruit Consigned to
Them on Which Charges Were Due. .
For the past three months a clever young mnn named Sam Bendlt has
been coining money by a scheme that was successful from its simplicity.
He procured a number of shipping orders of the Southern Pacific Com
pany that ure equally in the possession of teamsters. He would fill In one
of these blanks with the name of his victim as consignee and showing that
a case of dried fruit was waiting for him or her at the freight sheds, gen
erally from Los Angeles. There were always certain charges to be collect
ed for demurrage running from $2 to $6. and he. with rare exceptions, suc
ceeded in getting the money. When the victim made inquiry for the fruit he
or she found that it was a swindle.
Complaints were made to the police and also to the Southern Pacific
offices, and for the past three weeks Detectives Kindelon and Lewtn of the
Southern Pacific and Detectives Ryan and ODea have been working on the
case. It was not till yesterday morning that they got a definite clew to the
swindler. They found aim on Capp street, near Twenty-third. He w;is in
the act of filling out one of the blanks when arrested. He tried to destroy,
the shipping orders, but was prevented.
When starched a number of the orders were found upon him, and also
several pawn tickets for articles that he had pawned. He admitted that he
had been working successfully on the scheme for the past three months,
and said that ho had obtained money from more than fifty people, mostly
women. He had at first a partner in Jim Blake, a race track tout, but Blake
parted from him about two weeks ago, and since then he htul been operat
ing alone. He has been ruined by # his passion for gambling. Ills family, he
said, lived at 715 Octavia street, but he had been living at 1 Fifth street.
Among his victims were Mrs. Cummings, dressmaker, 22Vs Geary street;
Mme. Marchand, hairdresser. 28 Geary; Mrs. Pless, 1.185 Folsoni street;
Mme. Drlvon, 500 Sutter street; Mrs. Maria Stacom, D?.l Sutter street; Grand
Secretary Cordy of the Foresters of America; Secretary Burgman of the Red
Men, and a large number of milliners and dressmakers. Hfc got altogether
about $200 within the three months he had been operating.
Detective Holland of Oakland says that Bendit has also been working
the people there, numerous complaints having been made to the police
about him.
He Is being detained in "the tanks," pending a full investigation and
the police say that charges of forgery will probably be made against him,
besides charges for obtaining money by false pretenses.
errors. They batted exceedingly well,
played hard, and again demonstrated that
they are second only to the leaders. Iberg
was invincible up to the seventh, when
he rested and whetted the appetites of his
opponents' supporters. He never per
mitted the result to be in doubt, and his
work, all round, was admired extremely.
The feature of the game was "Truck
Evan's steal of third base. I had been
laboring under the impression that every
conceivable mistake possible had been con
summated nlnce the Friscos were al
lowed to remain in the league, but we
ne\«.r know when we are right. lnis
play of Euan's was a piece of stupidity
of the superlative order, and I dare say
will not h.- duplicated this season. \N it"
Foley on third "Truck" tried to pilfer the
base. Draw your own conclusions,
"Truck." Th»> score:
SAN JOSE.
' AB. R. UH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. f 3 5 2 12 0 l
Hanlon. 1 b 4 2 1 0 10 0 0
Me Gucken, c. f 5 0 1 0 1 1 »
Eagan. 2 b 5 12 0 6 2 1.
Foley. r. f... 5 113 10 l
McCarthy. 3 b 4 0 0 117 0
Brockhoff, s. s 4 0 1 0 3 4 2
Kent, c 2 0 10 4 11
Iberg. %.::::: j_i_ij _j o
Totals 33 10 10 7 27 7 6
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
PvT lb 5 0 0 19 0 1
Reflfy P- &2 b ......4 0 0 0 | 3 2
MoLaughlin, I. f.... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stultz. s. s 2 0 0 0 0 4 I
p.,,,,.- o 4 1 I 0 S I I
Ford of. ■■■■.... 4 110 3 0 1
HUderbrandt. r. f... 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Johnson. 3 b 4 1 2 1 4 2 1
Fitzpatrlck. p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Fountain, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Sheehan, 2 b 2 0 J J> _1 J _0
Totals ............35 ~4 1 2 27 20 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San To°e 4 10 10 3 10 •— lO
Basehitß.. I. I" ..4 0 0 3 0 12 0 »-l0
A t B nleucs ts ::.::::::::...o 00000400-4
Base hits.. .......0 01-01080 I—6
BUMMARY.
Rrins responsible for— Fltzpatriok 2. Ibprjr 1.
Three-bas.- hit — Hanley. Two-base hits—Han
lon Johnson, Eairan. Base "n error*— San Joae
6, Athletics 4 Bases on balls- San Jos-e 7,
Athletics 3 I-e-ft on bases San Jose \ Atn
letlo-J 5." Ktru.k out-Uy iberK 3, by Fltapat
rt<-k 2 by Rellly 1. Doubt.; plays.— lbers to
Brockhoff to Hanlon; Johnsun to I'yne. Time
of Kftnie— One liour and 30 minutes. Kmplre —
Creamer.
SAN JOSE VS. OAKLAND.
Their Representatives "Will
Struggle for Supremacy
To- Day.
A hot gam? Is expected to-day at Recre
ation Park between the San Jose and
Oakland teams. The line-up is as fol
lows:
San Jose. Position. Oakland
]< en t Catcher Sullivan
Donlen Pitcher Moskiman
Hanlon Fi r.«t base Sykea
Egan Second base O'Nell
M, 1 'arthy Third base Lang
Brockhoff Short stop Bchmeer
j i anley Left field Dean
McGucken Center held Hardie
Toby Right field Donovan
Tardy Registration.
Citizens who may wish to participate In
the coming election for State and muni
cipal officers must throw off their bash
fulness In regard- to the Registrar's of*
flee at the city Hall and get .nit there and
register.
Dp to date there are not 19,000 voters
registered out of the 75,dv0 who voted two
years ago.
The necessity of registering has been
so borre In on the minds of the citizens
who wish t<> Bee a full and fair expression
of the people at the polls that the Sail
Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs, through its officers, has sent out
notifications to subordinate dubs to urge
registration In the various parts of the
city.
Select Knights of America.
Triumph Legion No. 1 of the Select
Knights of America, at its meeting last
Friday night, had the following named of
ficers Installed for the current term by
Grand Commander J. J. Sutherland:
Henry Kelly, past commander; E. Nor
man, commander; H. Frlchett, vice com
mander; J. Beaudet. lieutenant command
er: \V. T. Thompson, captain; W. C.
Crowley, recorder; G. M. Lawton, re
cording secretary T. Th^:nson, treas
urer; G. Mangels, standard bearer; R.
Sicott, junior guard, and 4 P. White, sen
tinel. The installation \,as In the pres
ence of a large number of the members,
and after the cererilony the new officers
Initiated five candidates in a very cred
itable manner. The evening closed with
a programme of music and song.
Her Husband Missing.
Mrs. T-. 11. Harrington of Penryn, Placer
! County, called at police headquarters
i yesterday morning and reported the dis
appearance of her husband. They came
to the city Friday morning and were met
by an uncle, Frank Bills, 205 Eighth
i street. With him they went to Mission
j and Twenty-first streets, where Harring
ton slipped away from them and lias not
lnci! seen since. He came to the city to
get medical relief from consumption. He
is 27 years of age. medium height, light
complexion, sandy mustache, brown hair
and eyes and very stooped.
Charles Hanson's Big Estate.
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of Charles Hanson was filed yes
terday. The estate consists of shares In
the Tacoma Mill Company, valued at
$445,856 ".7; money in bank. $1,194 14; per
sonal pronerty valued at $2500, three lots
in this city worth JfiOO and a promissory
note of the Tacoma Mill Company ap
praised at $152,500.
Barton Acquitted.
Judge Mogan yesterday dismissed the
charge of receiving stolen goo. is against
William H. Barton, painter, Union and
Hyde streets. It was shown that Karton
received the goods from M. J. Gallagher,
but was In no way associated with Gal
lagher In the theft of the goods from
Whlttier, Fuller & Co.
Women's Press Association
The regular open meeting of the Wom
en's Press Association will tnke place in
Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building, to
morrow, at 2 p. m. An interesting pro
gramme has been prepared.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
VICTOR! ON SEA AID LAND,
INTENSE MOMENTS IN WARFARE.
WOW WOMEN BEAR THE BRUNT
OF W A ft.
During the few months we have been
at war with Spain there have been
many critical moments in which men
felt that they were living whole years!
The landing of the invading army up-
on the shores of the enemy's country
€?* *2*
is perhaps the most critical time for
the success or defeat of our arms. The
enemy can pour in a deadly fire upon
our men as they wade ashore, while
they may be in comparative safety
behind breastworks, unless they are
within the accurate range of our war
vessels. In every engagement our men
have shown the most heroic bravery
and steady-strong nerves coupled with
determination. When Farragut and
Cushlng taught the world, in the naval
engagements of our late war, of what
material our navy was made, we did
not expect so soon to see their counter-
parts in Dewey and Hobson.
For all the risks that are run by our
men and the critical moments they ex-
perience, and the times when they feel
their nerves stretched to the breaking
point, there is unfortunately another
tremendous nervous strain endured by
the loved ones at home, the women.
The wife, mother or sister at home sits
wearily waiting for news of those they
love — the men who are taking desper-
ate risks at the battle's front. With
fear and dread they scan the paper
to look over the names of those lost
or wounded in the last engagement.
The greatest calamity, the saddest pic-
ture of all war experiences is the dis-
aster that falls upon the weak and
helpless loved ones at home when their
hero is killed in action.
Who suffers most deeply and fearfully
from the shock of battle? Who feels
most poignantly the stabs of poverty
and privation and disease? Human life
everywhere gives the answer as in an
open book that all may read: Women
are ever the chief and sorriest victims;
the weight of misfortune falls heaviest
upon the mother and her child.
Look where you will in any corner of
America to-day and you find women
suffering such agonies from the weak-
nesses and diseases peculiar to their sex
as would make the bravest soldier fiinch
and almost hesitate to face them. Their
nervous systems are run down at a time
when they need the greatest fortitude,
strong will and nerves of steel to bear
their burdens of care.
"I believe that the sick and suffering
women of this country," says Doctor
Pierce of Buffalo, N. V., "whether in
times of war or peace, are entitled to
Just as much sympathy as we besicw
upon our military and naval heroes;
just as much care and attention and
solicitude; Just as high an appreciation
of their heroic fortitude and endur-
ance."
From his earliest practice as a young
physician thirty years ago Dr. Pierce
has always felt that the grandest and
worthiest work in the world for a phy-
sician is to raise up the suffering women
who labor under a constant burden of
sickness and discouragement and set
them upon a higher plane of physical
and mental capacity and healthful
vigor.
Among all the achievements of an
extraordinarily successful career in the
field of practical medicine that which
yields him the deepest gratification is
that he has been able to cope success-
fully with those delicate and compli-
cated diseases which render the lives of
so many wo-men miserable.
Of all hla remarkable contributions
to medical science his marvelous "Fa-
vorite Prescription" for women's com-
plaints stands easily foremost in the
world among remedies of Its class. It
has brought more perfect relief to suf-
fering women, and through them has
conferred greater benefit upon their
offspring than any other medicine ever
Invented, and probably more than all
other medicines combined.
The "Favorite Prescription" contains
no alcohol, opium or other narcotics;
no false or uncertain stimulus; does not
create a craving for injurius stimu-
lants; the power it gives is the power
of nature: it Imparts energy and nerve-
tone that Is real, healthy and perman-
ent.
"Liast February T became sick and
had a very lame and painful back
and side and I was entirely untit to
attend to my household duties," writes
Mrs. M. P. Woodman, of East New-
port, Penobscot County, Maine, to Dr.
Pierce. "My back was so lame I could
not lie down at night, but had to be
bolstered up against the head of the
bed. We called our family doctor.
He gave me medicine but it did me no
good. I became discouraged and lold
my husband I was going to write to
Dr. Pierce and see what he said about
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
my case. I did so and you wrote back
describing my case very plainly and
advising me to take your "Favorite
Prescription' and 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery.' I got two botties (one of each
kind), and by the time I had taken
them was well enough to do all my
housework alone— which is consider-
able, as I live on a farm, have a good
deal to see to, and have four small
children. I have remained well up to
this time (June 9th) and have not
taken any more medicine. I had taken
your 'Favorite Prescription' several
other times with great benefit, and I
think it is all that you claim. I shall
always take these medicines in the. fu-
ture and shall recommend them to my
friends. I thank you very much for
your careful attention to my case."
"I suffered for years from a very ag-
gravated case of female weakness,
backache, cold hands and feet, and waa
very weak and nervous," writes Mrs.
F. H. Prosens of Wellington, Wayne
Co., N. Y. "Had fainting spells, palpi-
tation of the heart and could hardly
drag around. My blood was also very
bad. Hail salt rheum in my hands.
Had a terrible pressure under shoulder
blades and my lungs were in very bad
condition. The doctors said I must have
help right away or I would have con-
sumption. I doctored a long time, but
did not seem to get any better, and my
husband wanted me to try Dr. Pierces
medicines. I did so. and after taking
the 'Favorite Prescription 1 and "Q
Medka! Discovery' I was cured of all
my complaints, and I have never been
better in my life than I have been since
taking these medicines. I think they
are the best medicines in the world.
"My husband had the grip and it left
his lungs in bad condition SO h I
three bottles of the 'Golden Medical
Discovery 1 and it helped him right
away. We feel that we cannot say
enough for Dr. Pierces medicines. You
have my best wishes for your continued
success."
"I will express my gratitude to you
for the benefit I have received from
your 'Favorite Prescription,' " writes
Mrs. Cora Mann of Fairburn. fuster
Co., So. Dak. "When I began taking
it I could hardly r f< ot aft r
the other. I have taken three buttles
since February last, and in May I gave
birth to a big baby boy. When 1 was
confined there was no one but my hus-
band with me, and I had less pain than
with my other children, this being our
sixth child. When baby was five days
old I got up and washed and dressed
him, and got up the ninth day and
stayed up all day. It was all d
God and to Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription.
"I also gave two bottles of 'Golden
Medical Discovery' to my little girl for
a severe breaking out and I think she
is completely cured as she has not had
the trouble for over a year."
"I will send you a testimonial of the
effect of Dr. Pierces wonderful Fa-
vorite Prescription.' " says Mrs. Annie
F. Arkins. of Stevenson (Green Spring
Valley), Baltimore Co., Md. "I am the
mother of five children and have suf-
fered very much, mostly from female
weakness. Before my last child waa
born I saw th» advertisement of Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription and de-
cided to try it. I bought two \
and took the medicine according to th>»
directions. When baby was born he.
weighed thirteen pounds. I had a very
lime, and I have not suffered one
hour since my boy was born. He is fat
and healthy as can be. We thank you
for such a great medicine. I do not
think I can say enoutrh in praise of Dr.
Pierces medicines. May God bless I
and may you live long to minister unto
the sick."
"I suffered two years or morp with
female weakness." writes Mrs. Jannie
Pigford, of Teacheys, Duplin Co., X. <\,
Box 5. "I had teg-ache and h >*dache
and suffered untold misery with bear-
ing down pairs in my back and bowels.
My feet were cold all the time. I com-
menced taking l>r. Pierce'a medicines—
'Favorite Prescription" and "Golden
Medical Discovery 1 in June, 1597. When
I first began to take th^ medicine I
seemed to be worse for a time and I
thought I would die. but I kept on tak-
ing it, and before I had finished one
bottle! felt better. I took eleven bot-
tles in all. I told my lady friends what
Dr. Pierces medicine had done for me,
and I know some who are taking it to-
day. I will always recommend your
medicine as the b.-st I ever found. I
would ;ulvis^ al! invalid women to take
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription."
"I took your 'Favorite Prescription'
the last four months of my illness and
think it a wonderful medicine," writes
Mrs. Nannie Plummer. of Numa, But-
ler Co., Kansas. "I was only in labor
about twenty minutes and had no
pains like Other women say they have.
My seven pound baby boy. who is now
three months old, has never been sick
a day in ris life and weighs fourteen
and one-half pounds.
■■I would advise every woman who
f is in the same condition to take Doc-
tor Pierces Favorite Prescription."
No family should be without Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser. It used to cost $1 50; now it is
free. Paper-covered copy 21 ..ne-oent
stamps, to cover mailing only: cloth
binding 31 stamps. Enclose the stamps
and mall to World's Dispensary Medi-
cal Association. Buffalo, N. Y. Over
1.200.000 American homes now contain
copies of this great work. It tells what
to do in emergency or accident or sud-
den sickness. It contains over one
thousand pages, profusely illustrated
with engravings and colored plates. It
gives receipts for several hundred sim-
ple, -.veil-tried home remedies. It in-
structs the mother in the care of her
ailing children or husband, and give*
Invaluable suggestions for the pr
vation of her own health and condition
In all those critical and delicate peri-
ods to which women are subject.THREATENED
BY FIRE AND
PESTILENCE
Drought in Fair Berkeley Makes
, of the Town a Barren
Waste.
No Prospect of Relief Unless the Water
Company Connects With One of
the Oakland Mains.
BERKELEY. July 23.— Parched and
utiful flower gardens
attractive to visitors;
swirl through the
he buildings with a
fray, sifting
md v Indows, to the sore
- and the great
tnfort ol Ev« ry resi
stant fear lest
vi and Bweep un
end of the town to
; ace threatens
time.
from which Berkeley
- s growing more
The brief la this: The
rnpany. which sup
alfte to furnish
:i water to its eonsum-
Ii ha istomers, who con
laily at f !iis season of the year
lilons, whereas the corn
is now furnishing about 400,000
Lency is due in a
to the lack of rain dur
rinter, the precipitation
only one-third that of
But the general
■ ■ • ■ company is in de
not Having provided suffl
- : :ne-n such an emergency.
.- water which is now being dis
•■ the company is developed —
: m underground sources. The
any has five flowing wells, several
-s and tunnels and two reservoirs
Ith a Joint capacity of
as. It has sunk twelve
ivater from but five, one
hich tha,t has just been sunk on
avenue is giving a daily flow
-lions.
The ground of. the valley or plains
B a better water
■ than much of that in the hills,
tig is generally done.
- ■ the Board of Regents
of the University sold to the Alameda
a quantity of land among the
hills, reserving to itself the right to the
r it contained, th^re being a small
gon the pmperty. Litigation en
:o determine the right of the pur
chaser to this water, resulting in a
p the purchaser, and the re
gents have been forced to develop
water upon other of their lands to sup
he university. They have spent
sinking wells and boring tun
tically in- favorable
3. The Aiameda Company says
it has boring gangs at work all the
putting duwn wells in the endea
-■■ its supply.
there have come over
from divers directions for fur
nishing the city with all the water re
ad 1 mparcy has n< I
sure for not availing its
■ -^.ese proffers. The Con
. Water Company of Oakland
has proposed to furnish water sufficient
xq meet all requirements, it having a
mail; ■ Dg with that of the
pany. It is not believed, how
that the Contra < I '>sta Con |
■' ater to spare, as its reser
nearly as dry as those of the
la ("ompany. It is thought likely
to com" from the
ista i 'ompany there would have
a supplementary system of dis
tribution to that -.vhich it uses to fur
.and, and. that it would have
Berkeley upon a higher level
that where its pipe now ;
this T wn < flerk Hm.
9 that the Contra Costa Company
- supplying .some parts of South
and that the people there find
lit with their supply of water
: the customers in other |
rekeley with the Alameda Com-
A second proposition has come from
Dingee of the Oakland Water
■any. He proposes to supply
whatever water is needed. Hut there is
:' from a mile to a mile and
a half between the main of Din!?'-'s
any and the receiver of the Ala-
Company, along which the water
d have to be j>ii»'d. The water
; also have to be pumped, which
I require the erection of a pump
ing plant at the joining of the mains.
Dingee, however, has water, and, it is
believed, were the mains laid to make
the connection the water problem in
Berkeley would be solved. The indi
cations are that some arrangement
with him will be made.
Th<- Board Of Trustees of Berkeley
has been active In the endeavor to <=<'Ivp
th»> water problem. It has appointed a
committee to investigate the question
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples . of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
tltute, rort Wayne, Ind. It
cured bo many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful Colly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can -now cure
th< mselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
location, giving stn
' and development just where it is needed.
It pure* all the ills and troubles that
come from yeara of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute sue-
■ •:-. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Hank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied -with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
' f men who are *iinablt» to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
them to ?■' c bow easy H [■ to be
' ured of sexual weakness when the
er remedies are employed. The in-
'-titute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefully sealed in a plain package s»d
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
as to whether additional water can be
secured which will give the city an
ample, permanent supply. These gen
tlemen. Messrs. Thomas*Addison, L. J.
I-eConte and Edward F. Niehaus, have
reported that it is possible to develop
a supply of water sufficient to provide
for the needs of the city for thirty years
to come and that it will not be neces
sary to sink the wells more than 200
feet.
W here they expect to get the water is
undisclosed, but Mr. Hanseom states
that the place is within a radius of six
to ten miles from Berkeley. It is pro
posed to sink wells and erect a pump
ing plant, and the committee has been
authorized to proceed with the sur
veys, estimates and experiments and to
expend not to exceed $2500."
Meanwhile the condition is daily
growing worse. The danger from fire
gives every householder little peace of
mind, while they are forced to witness
tho destruction of their gardens, on
which thousands of dollars have been
spent. The dust has become an intol
erable nuisance, but there is no means
of abating it. Sewers are becoming
choked and there is grave danger of
an epidemic of disease.
On July h*. th<=- Board of Trustees is
sued a circular calling the people's at
tention to th»> deplorable condition of
affairs, stating that it has no hop? that
any immediate relief will be accorded,
; and urging consumers to strictly ob
serve tho rules of the water company,
. which forbid the watering of lawns,
gardens and grounds or washing win
; dows and sidewalks.
A NERVOUSNESS IN
WHEAT IS PREDICTED
FARMERS ARE MASTERS OF
THE SITUATION.
Bankers Are Disposed to Encourage
Storing in Anticipation of More
Favorable Conditions.
Wheat speculation has been daily look
ing for some one to brave the elements in
ring July wheat. Once or twice dur
ing: the )>RFt week a flutter of expectancy
appeared, but the flame was only mo
mentary. July advanced to SO, as com
pared with 71, the low point. At the ad
vance Armour's brokers supplied the
scared shorts. After their wants were
supplied the market dropped back into a
iuict and uninteresting 1 condition. As the
:lose of July approaches the more nerv
jusness will appear.
The very small stocks of contract wheat
n Chicago elevators make manipulation
. r ery easy. There continues a strong
?ash demajid. Interior mllWs are pay
r.g more for new wheat than buyers for
shipment can afford to. While the winter
vheat crop now being harvested is much
arger than that Of last year, yet farmers'
leliveries are a great deal lens during
:he past ten days than the same period
>f 1537. The low prices now prevailing
tvork to retard a free movement to
narket. Farmers are to a certain extent
■nasters of the situation. Bfoney is easier.
Bankers are disposed to encourage the
■toring of wheat by producers in antici
pation of more favorable conditions later !
jn for selling.
Tha general conditions over the world
Indicate a surplus of about 150,000,000
t>ush«ls of wheat over requirements upon
- a favorable conditions. It
would be only reasonable to expect this
small surplus to find room in the ex
low supplies the world acknowl-
For instance, the visible BOpply
of the United States is less than lO.OOOjOOO
bushels of old and new wheat at the pres
ent time. Never in the history of the
trade were stocks fo low. The same may
be said of all Europe.
Thf great crops now argued as raised
ar<- far from being realized. England and
America have thirty days yet of trying
er. England's conditions are grow
ing worse daily. Russia and Roumania
are acknowledging new damage. As re
gards the Argentine nothing can be said
of their crop, as seeding is only about
starting. Heavy rains throughout Prus
sia and Austria have done material
damage, the potato crop suffering
most. The Hungarian estimate has
been largely reduced. Many reports
rious damage come from the
Danube. Harvesting will be late in Eng
land, Holland and Belgium. Late re
ports from Odessa say extreme heat has
caused considerable damage. Wheat on
ocean passage haw shown a marked fall-
Ing off, showing stocks in all wheat ex
porting countries exhausted or nearly so.
Considerable complaint has been report
ed from Washington during the past
week, especially from the Palouse coun
try. Many predictions are made that the
\\ ashlngton crops will be 20 per cent less
than estimated figures given by the (Jnv
ernment Agricultural Department. The
same authority gives the California crops
at G50.000 tons, which Is altogether too
high.
In summing the situation up: As condi
tions now appear there is very little rea
son to anticipate any lower price* while
values may not appreciate for awhile
to any great extent from the fact that
buyers will hold off. hoping to secure
bargains. When it becomes evident that
holders of wheat will not sell, then sup
ply and demand will exert its influence
and a higher rang* will be brought about.
There are enough war clouds in the at
mosphere to dispel the idea of extreme
low prices this year.
The most active market at present is
corn. Dry weather, coupled with late
planting and a decreased acreage, has
Started speculation with thnt corral
which promises to attract a great doal
of attention for the next two months
Barley continues dull: speculation of a
scalping character. Shippers are good
sellers of December on every strong spot
The present holders of December barley
appear to be waiting to find a hard spot
to unload on. The consumption of feed
barley has materially decreased of late.
Offerings will soon increase, when prices
will seek a lower level.
R. E. MULCAHY.
WERE REFUSED BONDS.
Applications Sent in From the Ex
aminer Office Were Rejected
as Fraudulent.
A number of money orders sent v ap
plication a for bonds on the popular war
loan were returned to Treasurer O'Con
nor at the Postofflce yesterday. A nota
ble feature was that all had been sub
scribed for at the Examiner office.
The reason assigned for their return
is that they bore evidence on the face
of having been subscribed for by a syn
dicate or by some one person who desir
ed to secure a larger quantity than was
permissible, and employed others to pur
chase them in their own names with the
intention of making the transfer later
on. This war traced out by the money
orders. In one case five separate applf
catlona for ftp bonds were received and
a single money order for $100 accompan
ied them. Hud there been five orders,
each for $20, there could have been no
protest.
Frauds of thla nature have been prac- [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
ticed time again on the Government,
more particularly in the matter of land
grants, and the department, not wishing
to* take any chances of the loan being
anything but a popular one, promptly re
turned all suspicious-looking applications.
None of the applications filed at the Post
office or sub-treasury have as yet been
returned.
PATRIOTIC HELPERS.
Donations Being Steadily Received
by the Society — List of Recent
Subscribers.
. Subscriptions and donations are being
steadily received into the little organi
zation of Patriotic Home Helpers, but not
in proportion to the demands made on the
treasury in aid of the destitute families
of the soldiers. The list of names solicit
ing aid is becoming larger as the war pro
gresses, until the demand almost exceeds
the available supply donated to the so
ciety by the charitable public.
Among those who received recent aid
from the society is Mrs. George Albertine
and her two children, who were found in
an utterly destitute condition at 546 Minna
street. The society relieved her imme
diate wants, and are trying to secure
work for her, that she may be placed In
a position whi-rn she will be able to sup
port herself and two children. Her hus
band was one of the first to join the Cali
fornia Regiment, now stationed before
Manila.
In order to afford the general public
ample opportunity to assist in the work
of the Home Helpers, miniature banks arc
being placed In the principal business
houses of the city, where money can be
deposited for the purpose.
On the list of recent donors are the fol
lowing names:
Mrs \V. P. Morgan. $5; Colonel A. G.
Hawea, $S; employes office Surveyor of Port,
through Mrs. Josfj'fi S. i~i>ear. $3; Catton, Hell
V: (",, , $■; Norton, Teller and Roden. $5: ln
dianap .Us Furniture Compuny. $10; W."D.
O. Have. $1 B0; Rusenthnl Bros., ?:>: Haas
Bl - . ii; Mrs. F. Sadler, $2; Wellman. Peck
A Co., $10: F. Foster & Co., $20; Mrs. J. S.
Jenks, $1 B0; Mrs. f. H. Watson, $10; Miss E.
Wollweber, $1: Mrs. John Huynes, $2 :.0; Ham
mersmith «* Field. $12: Mrs. Thomas Ivnlgan,
$1: Mrs. j. Bhotwell. $1 60; Charles D. Taylor,
$1: Dr Natalie Selling, $1 CO, and Ed M. Green
way, $6.
MORE DONATIONS FOR
THE RED CROSS
MONEY AND NECESSAKIES AR]
STILL POURING IN.
The State Department Beceives Some
Handsome Sums — Notes of
the Workers.
donations were received at the State Room
from Hollister, Miss Holmes, Berk. ley. Pacific
Grove. Hopland, Snnta Cruz. Monterey, Ivjs
Angeles, A. Galpln, San Jose, "nkiand, Anti
och, Ferndale, Danville. Sacramento.
Mis. Qeorge H. Buckingham has been ap
• .'. chairman of the Nurses' Committee,
and was at the Red Cross tent early yesterday
morning.
Mrs. Fanny Lent of the Nursing Committee
has gone out of town for a few days.
Attention is particularly called to the publi
cation of the reports of San Francisco Branch
of the Red Cross Society read at the open
meeting of June 30.
Donations were i-ecelved at the ferry from
Mrs. William Low. Mrs. M. J. McDonald.
Mrs. J. G. Clark, Mrs. Triiesdell, Mr.-. Mc-
Crum of Mill Valley and Miss Hamlln's School.
Subscriptions up to date amount to $59,600 49,
Including the following:
Collected by Miss Dickson, Post St.
Emporium f G 30
Presidio Lodge No. 3T.4 I. O. O. F 40 (HI
H. Frledrlcks & Co., collected by Mrs.
Frater ... «... 5 00
Fair held at 610 Grove St., by Clara An
natte Cooper, Annie Seymour, Irwln
Bare, Edward Thorsch. Edward Bunzl 5 15
Collected at Chronicle offlce 6 00
Memberships 9 00
Donations were received at the San Francis
co ned Ctom Society from Milbrae Dairy, Bel
mont School, \V. I. A. Brewer, Mrs. A. S.
Townsend, Mrs. H. C. Havens, Mr. MaLaure,
Miss Weber, Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. S. W. Cush
man. Mrs. J. M. Gamble.
Postals were received from Miss Callahan,
Mlsji Younger. i Mrs. Gregory. Cash, Mrs.
Stratton. Mrs. Lynch. F. P. Tuttle, Red Cross
Postal Box, 360, Mrs. Scott, Frleiwls 1300. Don
ations of postals- wilt be ' gratefully received
at 1G Post street at any time. '■ - .•■■ **.
A postal addressed to G. F. Hamon, 16 Post
street. l» awaiting Its owner.
An entertainment and | social was held la>>t
evening at Brentwond, by the local Red Cross
Society, which, netted over" $90. ■• The pro
gramme consisted of patriotic, humorous and
musical selections In which the local talent
was ably assisted by the well-known San
Franclpco comedians, W. J. Hlnes and Denis
C. Sheerln. Mrs. \V. J. Hlnes excelled In pa
triotic selections. Gr?nnan"s Orchestra, under
the leadership of Professor J. Fitzgerald of
San Francisco, discoursed sweet muelc during
the evening.
The following programme was rendered:
Prayer— • Maxwell, Overture — Orchestra.
"The Star Spangled Banner." church choir:
address. Mrs. \V. R. Pierce; "Red, White and
Blue," Misses of the school; recitation—"Hard
tack " Mr H. Boydson; Plantation Melodies,
Mr. D. C. Sheerin; "The Flag," Frankle Reed;
Patriotic Songs, Mrs. W. J. Hlnes; Cornet
Solo, Mr. M. Grennan; Humorous Selections,
Mr. W. J. Hlnes.
The evening- closed with dancing and re
freshments. *i_ o» .. "v%
Subscriptions wore received at the State De
partment from Caymos, $50; Ventura. $15;
Woman's Relief Corps, Bozemann, Montana,
$80" Sacramento, $500; Mrs. E. L. Farnsworth,
Wilbur, Washington, $104.
CANVASSING FOR MONEY.
Tv- o Men Arrested for Annoying
Storekeepers in the Palace
Hotel Building.
John Parrel! and Emmet Callahan were
arrested yesterday by Policeman Ross
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of "drunk," but a more serious charge
may be made against them.
They had with them a typewritten doc
ument purporting to be a list of officers
of "The Young Men's Republican Olub,
Thirtieth District, at Oak Grove Hall, 921
Harrison street, organized July 21."
Storekeepers in the Palace Hotel build
ing complained to Ross that the. two men
were annoying them by asking subscrip
tions for the club, and in language that
was far from conciliatory. Ross went
after them and arrested them. They were
both under the influence of liquor.
Three names were on the document as
having subscribed 15 each, viz: Tom Jor
dan, Colonel Jones and Thomas Flint Jr.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Nels P. Peterson has applied for a di
vorce from Bertha Peterson, alleging cru
elty as a cause of action. A complaint on
the same ground was filfd by Maggie
Michaels against Joseph Aiiehaels. Cath
erine Rustad complains that William
Rustad ha? failed to provide for her, and
she asks for a divorce on that ground.
Suit on a Note.
Suit was filed yesterday by J. C. Cullen
to recover $16,059 on a promissory note is
sued by Julius Wolff and dated February
2, 1898. ' The plaintiff also prays that Inter
est at 6 per cent per annum be allowed
from the date of the Issuance of the in
strument.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS WRONG
/
to put "cheap" baking powder
into your husband's and children's
food.
Schillings Best is pure and
true. . a
"STRAIGHT" POPULISTS UP IN ARMS.
Denounce Democratic Fusion Manipulators, Claim the Party Name
and Call on Friends to Organize in Support of the
Straight Populist Ticket.
TO THE POPULISTS OF CALIFORNIA:
The undersigned, appointed a committee by tho straight People's party conven
tion at Sacramento on the 14th of July, IS.IS, to prepare an address, respectfully sub
mit the following facts for your consideration:
Immediately after the failure of the attempted fusion of 1596, and on November IS.
1597. leading members of the State executive committee, and of the party, met at
Sacramento and prepared an address charging the Democratic party with having de
feated their candidate for President, and calling upon all who hoped for genuine re
form to unite in the People's party, and pointing out the utter failure of fusion of
ISS6.
Again upon October 28, 1897, the State executive committee met. with both our
Congressmen present, and unanimously adopted an address against fusion. Inviting
all who desired reform to unite In the People's party. This address was widely pub
lished In the press under the heading "No More Fusion."
At a later date the State committee, when It fixed a day for our State convention,
unanimously declared that no union would be considered unless other parties called
their S-tate convention for the same time and place and first adopted a union Popu
list platform for all candidates to accept before any nomination.
The Democratic managers then began manipulation In ninny places to control the
delegates to the People's narty convention, and notoriously In San Francisco, where
the Democratic machine was In evidence, at the county convention, and where an at
tempt to vote another man's name In the convention was openly made and detected.
In the midst of such methods, and long after mldnig-ht, twenty-nine delegates
were elected there by a single vote over their opponents, and twenty-elx of the San
Francisco delegation, containing at least two persons holding office under Democratic
appointments, sat in the State convention and voted against the unanimous instruc
tion specifically glvrn by the convention which elected them "to vote. for a complete
straight Populist ticket, and against any proposal to leave any places vacant."
Not one of these delegates would have been selected if they had announced they
would violate this instruction. Upon the roll call for Governor the vote for Musuirp,
ppmocrnt, stood 154, and for Shunahan, straight Populist, 135. The whole of said
twenty-six votes from San Francisco, so voting against their Instructions, voted for
the Democrat, whereas ten of these votes, If cast for a straight Populist, would have
nominated him.
In addition to the above offense other office-holders sat In the convention, and
candidates already nominated upon fusion tickets in their counties, and many who are
looking for fusion nominations in their counties. Surrounding all this was the active
effort of the Democratic managers to destroy tln> People's party. A painful feature
was to observe several members of the State executive committee who had voted for
anti-fusion resolutions engage in a determined effort to fuse the party, contrary to
such resolutions.
The straight Populists could not, until a roll call upon the nominees for Governor,,
know whether a mujurity would abandon their trust or not. Immediately upon such
a vote the minority, treating: the nomination of a straight i- mocrat und open mem
ber of the Democratic party and the expr<-Hs purpose Of the fuslonista to divide the
tlcktt with other p3rtl?s as an abandonment of the People's puny by suoh fusionists.
Withdrew from what they considered no longer the People's party convention and or
ganized and nominated a straight-out People's party ticket in the name of the party,
and as trustees of the party In Its name repudiated those who had betrayed It; also
created a new State Central Committee, giving power to organize n<".v county com
mittees In any county where a present County Committee shall adhere to the illegal
fusion.
Later on the fusion convention adopte.l a. report of a fusion committee agreeing
to accept the Lieutenant Governor, Controller, Superintendent of Public Instruction,
a Railroad Commissioner and member of the lioard of Equall7atlon as the portion of
the ticket to be allotted to the Populist.", and giving the Clerk of the Supreme Court
and the Suprvme Judge to Silver Republican*, and allotting the rest of the ticket to
the Democratic purty, agreeing to put up dummy candidates for the places allotted
to the Democrats, who were to tender their resignations, and providing for fusion
committees to carry out this scheme. The fusion convention also seated members of
other parties who had not been elected as delegates and allowed them to place In
nomination before the convention members of other parties as candidates, who then
and there received the nomination of said fusion convention.
Spare does not admit of giving all the reasons why Populists should not fuse
with IVmnorats. It is sufficient to say that It is illogical, inconsist-nt and wholly
destructive to our party. In addition we have the fact that the I>>rnnrrntic party
In i;p nil the agreements It made with the Populists nationally In 1596. and after
ward, when It had the power in legislatures, !t refuser] to repeal the specific con
tract acts In several S-t.itos. and It Is historically a party Of broken political prom
ises. That party is broken to pieces because of an attempt to put the mildest re
form In It. and Is reuniting under the manipulation and control of the plutocratic ele
ment within it, determined to cast out what It calls the heresies of 1896. It cannot
as organized become a genuine reform force. Not a single vital demand of the Peo
ple's party will come through It, or In any other manner, than by sturdy adherence
to our principles through our own or a third party until success comes. When fu
slonlstß speak of success they can mean nothing except that they may succeed In get
ting some offices and the emoluments thereof. The People's party was not born for
such .'i purpose and cannot survive by such methods. Fusion simply places the
party In the hands of Democratic political opponents, and they gain complete con
tr<-i of the fusion organization. If Democratic candidates are elected In this man
ner It is but so much more power hostile to a furthc-r existence of the People's party,
and will be us<»d to make a fusion Populist State convention In 1900, a mere Demo
cratic annex, for the purpose of selecting pretended Populists to attend a national
convention to Indorse straight Democrats for President and Vice-President. Thus the
wh"i" question of the life or death of the People's party la now Involved. James
<i. Magulre is a Democrat. An open member of that party. He does not claim to
be a meml>er of the Populist party. He voted to strike the Income tax out of the
Wilson tariff Mil in Congress and argurd against It. He will not claim that he favors
an amendment to the Federal constitution providing for an Income tax. He Is well
known to favor a single tax on land, to the exclusion of all other taxes, and to thus
be fundamentally opposed to an Income tax. He voted and spoke against the bill
to restrict immigration. He has said, both In and out of Congress, that he Is op
posed to the operation of railroads by the Government. He Is well known to hold
that the tariff Is still a supreme Issue aud must so remain until free trade Is
adopted, ■ carolnal doctrine of all single taxers. Hi- voted to prevent Tom Watson
from g'.-ttlng his seat in Congress* He Is a member of the Democratic club called
the Croker Club of New York city, wnich club is organized for the purpose of de
feating Urynn and free stiver at 16 to 1 In lt<oo.
Mr. Shanahon was the only Populist elected straight to the Assembly in 1836. He
hns been ten yenrs in the legl.ilatlve balls and cvf- strong; with the common people.
He has come through this and out of It a poor man, respected for his ability and hon
esty. He ted the contest for the Australian ballot law, and also introduced and
Passed the railroad reassessment bill, which gained about J4.000.000 to the State; also
a Ptatp Income tax bill, yet pending, and Is the author of the law passed at the
last session extending the time for the redemption of mortgages, and of many ether
excellent laws. AS to the railway refunding bills Mr. Sh.'innhan Is entitled to as
much credit fnr his work against them as any man In the State. He has repeatedly
led the contest for resolutions In the Legislature against refunding, which resolutions,
when ient to Washington, were more potent than the voice of any single Congress
man.
The Democratic managers ore also now active to Introduce Into the campaign ques
tion* growing out of the war with Spain, making issues against Hawaiian or other
unnexutlon or territory, which questions are designed to side-track the economic and
financial Issues of the People's party platform, and also to furnish a cover for the
I>em<KTatl<- party to abandon the Chicago platform in 1900. Thus this fusion now es
pecially distracts and destroys the growth of Populist principles.
The Democratic managers have attempted the final destruction of the People's
party, but If Its members will be active to prevent It this attempt will fall. We have
no doubt we are entitled to the name of the People's party, and that fuslonlats can
not UM the name of a party whose trust they have thus abandoned. We call upon
all true Populists to actively organize and to form new county and other commit
tees wherever the old committee is so far In the hands of the Democrats as to ad
here to this fusion, and with active organization to support the straight Populist
ticket and preserve the immortal principles of the People's party, which were born
to live and not to die.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The main hall of the Native Sons'
building was tastefully decorated on the
evening of the ICth inst. on the occasion
df the exemplification of • the ritual by
California No. 1 In the presence of the
officers of the several local parlors and
all but one of the grand officer*: The
work was given to perfection and was
highly commended by the grand officers,
who declared that It was a magnificent
object lesson for those who witnessed it
as a guide for future action In the car
rying out of the ritual. At the clsse of
the ceremonies there the team from Cali
fornia Parlor conferred the Argonaut de
gree on a number of anXlOUfl candidates
in a manner that has never before been
excelled.
L. G. Fenn, D. D.. assisted by W. M.
Mlnton, charter president of Sea Point
Parlor, and now a dißtrict deputy of Ma
rin County, installed the officers of that
parlor in public last week, after which
there was a great feast, and many
speeches were delivered.
The grand presiden has appointed C. J.
Licht of Mount Shasta Parlor district
deputy for Shasta County, J. J. Morrlsey
of Marysville for Tuba County and H.
Lichtenstein for Alameda Parlor.
The officers of Brooklyn Parlor were
Installed by G. N. Van Orden, D. D., as
sisted by J. J. Jamison as grand secre
D. T. FOWLER.
GREEK MA.X
THOMAS V. CATOR,
W. R. BATTEN,
CARLETON H. JOHNSON.
tary and past president and John M
Ward of Sequoia as grand marshal The
ritualistic work was exemplified by the
Initiation of two candidates. The 1900
committee will give a social next Tues
day.
At a meeting of the grand officers an
embossed seal of the State was submit
ted for adoption by Past Grand Presi
dent Clark and referred to the grand
trustees for final action at the meeting
in September. The committee was au
thorized to procure the Native Sons'
stone for the Sloat monument.
National Parlor has had its officers in
stalled by George Koch Jr., G. T., in the
absence of District Deputy O'Keefe. The
new officers are W. G. Barr, P. P ■ E M
Hall, P.: F. P. Wehe, A. R. Vaughn and
D. F. Nunan V. Ps.; Walter Doughty R
S. ; W. B. Larkins, F. S.; P. G. DuPuy"
T. ; Walter Dlxon, ML; George Koch. \V.'
E. Clark and W. Brown, trustees. Past
President W. E. Fett was presented a
beautiful badge by the members of the
parlor, after which there was p- ad
journment to a cafe, where there was a
collation.
Catcher Hanlan Injured.
W. J. Hanlan. catcher for the San
Jose baseball team, was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday afternoon from
Recreation Park, to be treated for a lacer
ated wound of the eyebrow. A ball struck
him, knocking him dc ,vn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sole Agents for
COLUMBIA KID GLOVES.
DRESS GOODS
SPECIAL.
150 Remnants "-^rinus lengths" KXfl-
LIPII ARMY SERSB, fine twill, medium
wale and broad wale, three dlfferwit
weaves, navy blue nn.l black only, width
52 inches, regular value -ioc and 7."c,
Fop the Remnants
50c pep yd.
{Market-street Store Only.
DRAPERY MATERIALS.
Handsome colorings and designs, (filt
printed Drapery Goods on r: n k, blue, red,
orange and green grounds, regular value
12»*.c,
SPECIAL at
8c pep yd.
Both Stores.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
ii^^^S^PS3DT IDC'
1 P^fci^^o f/I?FD
IS fx^± »-* £ A. Mm-/ JL*F m
1 /JyC^ We have hundreds of letters
similar to the following now on
file at our office :
OCCIDENTAL, Sonoma County, Cal.
. February 28, IS9B.
r>r Pierce & Son— Gentlemen: I wish to in-
form you that the Magnetic Elastic Truss
which "I purchased at your office the 6th of last
De«mbe? CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH-
IN TWO MONTHS. 1 am over 60 years of age.
There is no mistake about the fact that your
celebrated Truss will positively CURE RUP-
TURE and I hereby heartily recommend it to
all ruptured persons. Tours ln 00 ' LLINS>
C b. CL>i-iLjl*S o.
Crif you don't want to remain ruptured and
have to wear trusses all your life, you should J
call at our office or send 2c In stamps for our
"Pamphlet. No. 1," and learn how to get cured. |
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
' AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Par Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. IX
IT THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I
«ViPT» Full Set of Teeth
>t V> X f "£jsn extracting free $500 up !
c^^^UsiJ!^^ Gold Crowns 22k 50 up |
e -^&JssgZ'&: Fillings - - - 2Scts.up
.^■TftsSKsS^'Q Open Kvenings& Suudavs
S^^tM^K^ van vroom .
Electro Dental Parlors
*%H Ir> 7 Sixth and Market
™ Dr. W. Kleiser, Prop.
inHW A RPNCAN ENGINEER AND AT-
JUilli A- DCrIJUIN) TORNEY— SOB Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal. Land scrip |
for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo- !
cated and patents secured any»vhere in the
United States without settlement. Timber and 1
crazinp lands bought and Bold. I represent,
specially cases arising before the Internal Rev-
enue and Treasury Departments. A.so cases
arising under the regulations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine Islands, and the war revenue law. My
busine?s will have the attention of eminent
"Washington attorneys. -
@ Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
f^ffa iuseym of Anatomy
1 |%m ICSI UABSET ST. Iet 6tift 7th, S.F. CsL
t visit DR. JORDAN'S g™*
Museum of finafomy
1051 MASSES ST. bet 6tl 6 7th, S . t. CaL
The Largest of Its kind in tb-fTorUJ.
\ ISletA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
> tfvVH S. Consultation free. Writ* for Kook
W Philosophy of * Marriage.
Q O MAILED FREt.
"D"DTTCUT7C FOR barbers, bak-
Dn LldnijLJ ers bootblacks, bath-
i/Aiws/iAuw houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners.
dyors. flourrmlls, foundries, laundries, I paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers.' tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 35-horse I
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
iO wooden boats of all descriptions can b» seen
at 71S Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS.
He was a foreman of the street cleaning de-
partment in New York City and, when speaking
of Ripans Tabules, said: "I used to have lots
of trouble with my heart, caused, my doctor
said, from an imperfect digestion. Amongst other
remedies I used Ripans Tabules, and they are the
finest thing I ever tried. They ' knocked out ' the
Indigestion, and relieved the trouble in my heart,
whatever it was. Since I began to use them, my
bowels are regular, and I feel ten per cent better.
I can't recommend them too highly."
SHAWLS.
Zephyr Shawls made of fine imported
wool, rise 50x50 :: ■ !i"s, handsome effects;
colors are cardinal, white, black, pink,
blue and maise. '
Special at
$1.00.
Both Stores.
! cashmerelsh awls.
Extra-flne quality, size 03x83 inches: col-
orF are pink, blue, red and tan. Price wa»
$2 00,
Reduced to
$1.25.
'Both Stores.
HOSIERY.
I.a.lies 1 Lisle Thread Richelieu Ribbe4
Hose, tans only. Former price 50c,
Special at
25c.
Both Stores.
tll4 Inches
i«^'" FROM THE EYES
wd^'^ IS THE HATIfRAL READING
- DiSTANCE NEARER OR FURTHER
I} ABHOf^AL AND HEEDS INVESTIGATION
CALL and SEE US
Opticians^ photo^?*,*
'*^> 642MarketSt. <^
UMDER CHROMICLEBUILOIH6.
O0r»(500«><50<500000009
V' PALACE «- D g
IGRAND MQTBLao
o ■• SAM FRANCISCO. q
Connected by a covered passageway. *f
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. "
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRIOSS: O
—. Europ«an Plan.Sl.OO per day an<3 upward rt
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOEN 0. KISKPATRICK, M»aager. Q
oooooooooooooooooa
($& Chtche«t€r'» Encllsh Diamond Brand.
PChlchwter'n EnsUsh Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V _^*V Original and Onlj Senulne. A.
t( rjf*^\ safe, alwaja reliable. IaDiCS ask /S\
AJjJWm Drnggirt tor ChleKesUrt Englitb Dia-J&\\
bt^il^tdS^Smon.l Brand In Kcd =ad dull nii"allie\\«r
— »Tw*2t)ose«, s#alcd wiih blno rihbon. Take Vw
T*j %^ %K\cno other. Rtfu** dangerouM jubstitu- v
I / . £yf tion* and imUationM. AtDTOgguUs, ors«nd4€u
I (■> Jg In 3tan.pt for partleniara, tutimonlkls ml
V'C* JEJ 4 'l£eltcf for Ladlca," <n Utter, br retara
■J^ if M=)l. 10.000 T«itimonl»!i. Main, Paper.
_ >l— ""*/ Cl>l<>besterCaeinlcalCo.,MnillitoaS<iß9rtk
Itld by 811 Loc-J Drng;el«ti P?»n..\|lA» fAi
i^raDß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
B^E^l&Jm Five hundred reward for any cas»
SMS KUti we cannot cure. This secret remedy
I ■ stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
BBS BSm BmiEsions, Impotency, Varicocele.
ffft iff Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
Kh. js/il Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
!^ BB fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
M »p» ■,i<»*^j sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, SB; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073V4 Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy lor diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invicorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
XABER, AX.FS & BRUNE. Agents,
523 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
WONG WOO,
fHfl CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'fejP J SANITARIUM,
VjfvgjL 764-66 CLAY ST., San
rf^s««i*£isiW* All diseases cured exclusive.
•Sx^STrf " '/"HP I* by Chinese herbs, over JOO9
fh'Jw J '*"* vwietles belns uaed. ADVICH
FREE. Hours. »:M to 11 * nt.. 1 to 3 anil Ivm
■ p. m.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to HOO day,
tC to «8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free b-tha: hot
and cold water every room; fire gratea la every
room; elevator run* all night.
1112
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market p*-* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
TS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkln streot; -■ -i until 9.30 o'clock.
1941 Mission ftroet; open until 10 o'clock.
5261 Market street, corper Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
25J6 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets r V ,. n until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter at., between Kearny and
Grant aye. Christian Science Bible lessons,
11 a. m. and 7:4'> p. m. Subject, morning,
"Lovo": evening, "Elijah's Communion With
God on Mount Horeb." Sunday-school for
children, 11 a. m. Testimonial meeting
Wednesday at li p. m. All are welcome.
CALVARI Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary BtB.— Rev. John Hemphtll. D.D.,
I'astor, will preach at 11 a. in. Address .-\t
7:4,. p. m. by Brigadier s. L. Hringle of the
Salvation Army; music for morning- service,
anthem, "Rejo.ce the Heart Of Thy Ser-
vant" (Southard soprano solo, duel, trio
and quartet; offertory; bass solo, "Praise the
Lord" (George Rupee), Mr. W. C. Campbell.
Evening service, anthem; "Magnificat ' In
B flat (Klein); offertory. "The King of Lov*
My Shepherd Is" (G. B. Hawley); soprano
solo and quart -t. Strangers visiting the city
and friends are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Morning service, 11 o'clock: theme. "Thoughts
of Heaven"; evening service, 7:45 o'clock;
theme. "Trusting Wisely." Sunday-school and
Hible classes al 12:4.', r- m. Y. P. S. C. E.,
6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Sunday school at 9:80 a. m.
Rev. William M. Jones, Hyde Park Congrega-
tional Church, St. Loui», Mo., will proach
morning and evening. The public cordially
Invited.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st. between - i\th and Seventh.— Dr.
Charles Edward Looke. Pastor, will preach.
Class meeting 9:JO a. m. Subject, morning
sermon 11 o'clock. "Back to Jesus." Evening
sermon, 7.4.'.. "Why the Spaniards Cannot
Win in this War." Special Sunday School
exercises In auditorium, at 12:4.1 p. m. Mr.
Rolla V Watt, superintendent. There will b«
a programme of music and recitations, otc.
Christian Endeavor Society, 6:15 p. m. Mid-
week Prayer Service, Wednesday, 7:45 p. m.
This Is a people's church. Scats all free.
Everybody Invited. ,
HOWARD-ST. Methodist Episcopal Church,
the strangers' Sabbath home, 643 Howard St.,
between Second and Third, two blocks from
Palace Hotel— The Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
D.D. , pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Morning. "Christ Precious to Be-
lievers"; evening:, "Self-Denial for the .^a-k*
of thers." Miss Alice Sheldon Brannan will
sing at both Seats free. All are
always welcome.
THE Flm Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse by Alice K. Cramer;
eubject. "The Lifting Up of the Son of Man."
Services at 11 a. m. in Yosemlte Hall, Native
Sons' building. Mason st.. between Post and
Geary. Seats free. All are welcome.
. lANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post st. — Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Strangers Invited to como and Judgi for
themselves. All welcome.
"HEALING" In the name of Jesus 'and preach-
ing from texts given by the audiences at j
Mills Tabernacle. Oakland, by Rev. Fran- t
cis Warnon, assisted by Rev. A. Coplin (State ;
offWr of the "Christian" Alliance), Rev. J.
Virtue, etc., every evening at 7: Sabbaths at
2 and 6 p. m. Last Sabbath 9S persons had
hands laid on them cessfully; a large audi-
ence witnessed and praised "Jesus only" for
marvelous instantaneous healings of paraly-
sis, total blindness (saw at 7u feot). total ;
deafness ihf-ard at 70 feet), tumors, etc. To-
day more testimonials of great "permanent"
healings (in 1534) by Los Angeles patients, of
cancers, tumors, blindness, eczema, etc.. and
the wonderful upraising of another alleged
"dying" person. Published reports of our
meetings last week were mere "burlesques,"
utterly devoid of truth. The good work grows
daily, and our God lays bare his holy arm in
saving and healing. Come and Judge for
"yourselves." Mr. Warnon looks to God
alone for all expenses of the work, and has
never, directly or Indirectly, asked financial
help of man and God honors his faith with |
abounding success. Revs. Warnon. Coplin, I
etc.. will Ehortly hold meetings and
establish branches all over the coast. Send
for our magazine, "Healing Wingß." Bring
up your s'.ck.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev E. S. '
Chapman, D.D.. will deliver an address before I
the patriotic union mass meeting. Mies El-
len Marks will slnpr and there will be other
special music. The public Invited.
rHEOSOPHICAL Society— Popular lectures j
every Sunday at S p. m. Od<i Fellowß' build-
Ing, corner Seventh and Market sts. To-
night, "Seershlp, Visions and Hallucina-
tions," by Miss M. A. Walsh. "Lotos Circle"-
for children at 2:30 p. m. Lodge meotlngs ]
Wednesdays at 8 p. m. All meetings open to i
the public. _^__
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Lodge No. T.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market St.— Lecture to-night. "Life's Lit-
tle Ironies," J. H. GrlfTes; Tuesday night,
"Memory" ; Saturday_nlght, "Character."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH and wife return-
ed from vacation to Santa Cruz; doctor be in
his offlce daily: evenings by appointment:
circles every Tuerday evening, 8 p. m.,
Brunswick Hotel, corner Ninth and Wash- [
ington sts.. Oakland.
MME FLORENCE MONTAGUE will occupy
the platform fur the Ladles' Aid Society next
Friday eveninjr. Occidental Hall, Old Su-
preme Court House, San Francisco; olrclu
Wednesday evening at her parlors until fur-
ther notice.
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE will occupy
thi platform at Occidental Hall. 305 Larkln
et., Friday evening. July 2i>, to benefit Ladies'
Aid Society: will conclude with social hop;
admission, 10 cents.-
AT Dr Rises' Bntrltual Society, PO9 Market: n.
free; 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Seeley-VlKer?-L»ster, Katie
Heussmann: all tests: Dr. R's offlce and Dr. j
Carpenter. 935 Market st.
M!'.-' S. SEAL, spiritual business medium;
readlnes and healing dally. 1116 Broadway,
Oakland.
LECTURE, "Science of Right Living." by
Mrs. Chandler, Sunday, 8 p. m., 305 Larkln
Ft., corner McAliicter; admiFßlon 10c.
MRS. EGGERT AITKBN, Ircles Sunday and j
Thur^'.v- evenings; 250. 320 McAllister st. ;
sittings daily.
LEANEHR gives Information at his circles
equa Ito others' sittings; circle to-night. SOS
Eddy st.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 11ZV4 Oak st.; circles Tu-h-
day, S p. m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m. ; readings $L
SEANCE to-night, 8 p. m. ; Wed., 12 o'clock; j
Mother Sadie seance, 50c; Ml Leavonworth.
TKST meeting to-night: Mesdames Robinson.
Tobias, Griffin, Drew. 6th and Market: .free.
MRS. FAVRE and Mrs. Dunham; tert meeting
to-night. 1032 Market st. AdmU3lon, 10e.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.- ■
Officers and members are hereby notl- _#\_
fied to attend the funeral of our de->E JC
ceased ther, HORACE H. MAH-/V^
TIN. from the hall of this lodge TO-MOR-
ROW (Sunday), at 1:30 p. m. By order of
th.> W. M. C. D. BUNKER. Sec.
THE officers and members of South Sal _
Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M., _f\
tire hereby notified to attend the fu-\?jf
neral "f our late brother. ADOLPM /Tl
MUNDT, on SUNDAY, July U, at I o'olock
I'- '"■■ from Masonic building, Fourteenth
and Railroad, ayes.. South San Francisco.
By order of the MasU-r.
K. C. HARE, Becretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. 0 -_■__
O. F.— Funeral detail meet TO- 4^ >VS£r
MORROW (MONDAY) In our -SV^-^T
lodge room at ':4C a. m., to at- .'W | *iT
tend the funeral of our late brother. E J
NELSON.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
BEULAH Chapter No. 99, O. E. S.— kj
Officers •i.l members are hereby notl- Jl£v
fled to attend the funeral of our late V
brother, ADOLPH-MUNDT, SUNDAY. •
July 24, at 1 o'clock, from Maionlc Building.*
South Shti Francisco. By order of tho
Worthy Matron.
BERTHA L. HARE. Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. 6C76. A. O. F.— >** mf f
Officers and members are notified to «-f
attend th<> uneral o "'ir late brother. jf\
WABHINQTON CRILLEI. at Forest- *_\
ers' plat. Mount Olivet Cemetery, on SUN-
DAY. July 24. A special car will leave
Eighteenth and" Guerrero Btreets at 1:30 p. m.
for exclusive use of members and friends. By
""""a. M. MACPHERBON, Chief Ranger.
DONEGAL CLUB COMMITTEE meets THIS
DAY at Columbian Building, room 2S, at i
o'clock to complete arrangement* for re-
union and picnic at Wlldwood Glen, 3ausa-
llto next Sunday, July 31.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the HakalaU Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, IS9S. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., tot the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 23, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MKETIX; NOTlCES— Continued.
REBEL Cork Ben*volent Society's twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will taKe place at
Sh»ll Mound Park. Berkeley, SUNDAY, Au-
gust 7. IS9S. Adults' tickets SOc, ohildren un-
der 12 years free. Boats leave every half
hour for park. . Music by a first-class band.
THE regular- annuel meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company
will be held at the office of the company, 36
Steuart street San Fran«M*co, California, on
TUESDAY, the md of August, 1898, at %
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Trustees to serve during the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come bei'ore the meeting.
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Risdon iron and
Locomotive Works — Th» annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Riedon Iron and
Locomotive Works, fcr the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and tl>e transac-
tlon of suoh other business as may be
broußht before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets. San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 1898.
. at 11 o'olock a. m. L. R. MEAD, H»cr»t.iry
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JESSIF RATDEUR. alcohol baths and mai-
sage. 101 Eddy St.; rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections roade:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLKCTIOX
CO.. 415 Montgomery «t.. room 6: tel. &£>*».
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine caMnnt
baths. ir.y» Turk and IUS Market, rani. 15-1«.
DIVIDE\D NOIIC-!*.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st., on and after August 1,
1888. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26, 1883, at 3 o'olock p. m.
E. H. SHKLPON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Flrst-ctasa ee-
lect help. 835 Market M.: r>twne Clay lift.
SITUATIONS WANTED-rEMALI.
FIRST-CLABS German cook desires sltnatlon;
2'ft years last place; city, cvuntry. MISS
CULLBN. 335 Hutter st.
NEAT, refined, young gtrl desires situation as
nurse or upstairs work, references, country
preferred. $S to $16. Apply MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like fow en-
gagements by the day; references given. Call
at 459 Minna St.. near Sixth.
EXPERIENCED, reliable Eastern woman
wants to do housework In a small American
family in the city; good cook and laundress;
good city reference. Box 197, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman In the
country or on a ranch to do general house-
work. Box 2!2, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes situation; companion and
nurse to invalid lady or child; referenoes.
Address B. A. V., box 154, Call office.
LADIES' tailor work done at home or In fami-
lies. MISS FITZPATniCK, 1312 Pine st.
WOMAN of education and refinement wishes
a position in city or country. Box ISS. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation In
city or short distance iti country; under-
stands German cooking. Box 204, Call office.
REFINED lady wishes position as book-
keeper and stenographer: five years' experi-
ence. Box 176, Call office.
WANTED a situation by a competent woman
as Infant's nurse; best references. Call for
2 days, 40 Eleventh St., corner Mission.
LADY would like to have children's dreaeea to
make. 590 Geary st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper nrr man-
ager for rooming-house by a respectable lady;
references. Box 206, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker goes out at $1 50
per day; dress made In I days. MRS. FLOHR,
1535 Howard et.. near Fifteenth.
WANTED— In a Catholic school or fnmlly, po-
sition as teacher of drawing, English branches
or music; highest reference. Box 447, Call.
YOUNG Germ.-n woman 24 years *t age. with
3-month-old baby, wishes wet nursing. 894
FoUom St.. between Fourth and Fifth. •
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; ohlldren's
dm-ses especially; 75© a day. S. W., box
274, Call offlca.
YOUNG woman would like situation In private
family or hotel as eooond girl and waiting
In the country; can also new; $15 or $20. Box
271. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a competent Ha.'t«ni
woman; Is a good cook and laundress; refer-
ences; city or country. Apply at 108 Fifth
, St., near Howard.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as a
first-class French cook; city or country; $30
month. Address box 44«, Coll Office.
' MIDDLE-AOED woman wishes to do cooking
' and housework; no cards. 243 Minna st.
YOUNO lady of good business ability desires
. a position as stenographer; practical experi-
ence more object than wages. Box 437, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman of SO without incum-
brance wants situation. Call from 10 to 2
Sunday or Monday at 1616H Harrison at.
WANTED — A situation as nurs* or companion;
experienced; references. M. E. C, 1021 Sutter.
NEAT young girl would like to do light up-
stairs work; wages reasonable. 731 Pine st.
LADY of refinement would like situation as
lodging-house keeper, or meet party willing
to start her in same. W. W., box 435. Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes eewing or any kind
of work by the day. Ploase call or address,
l any time. 428 Tehama *t.
DRESSMAKER from East, first-class cutter
and fitter, goeß out by th* day; makes a suit
in on* day. 3T.2 Fell st.
YOUNG widow wishes situation as house-
keeper In widower's home. Call after Sun-
day at 615 Pust st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse desires a situation; ref-
erenccjH given. Apply 103 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG woman desires to do second work,
sewing or care for children In the country.
Address D.. box 8, Call offlce. Oakland.
WAN'TKD-By a good seamiUresß on ladle-V
and children's dresses, engagements by day
or month. 1639 McAllister st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in family to sew,
75c per day. 121 Shot well St., near 3lxte«nth.
YOUNQ lady would like position a<i eonfldentlal
seoretary, correspondent, copyist or atnanu-
onsl»; can give referencos. Address R. M.
J., 14SS Leavenworth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition to do general housework; good cook;
wages no object. Address b^x 273, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a woman with l»y 7
years old to do housekeeping In city or coun-
try; good references. Box 117, Call of flee.
POSITION to keep books »r assist; good
mathematician. Call or address 1346 Market
st., room 23; references.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation tn do
[ general housework; good cook and laundress;
references; city or country. 275) Ml»»li»n >!\.
1 COMPETENT young Inrty, strong and willing,
I dnolres a situation to assist at beusework;
wage* $12. Call at Sl» Diamond nl.
GOOD cook wishes genaral housework. No. 1
Vernon place, between llarrlson and Folsom.
AMER.ICAN woman desires position to cook
for men: In an«wer state wages and num-
h<-r. Addrees box 194, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— UALK.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc*j
b»st help. 414 V* 'Farrell st. : tel. East 4S«.
CHINEKE and Japanese (eetab. JO years) h;lp;
tel. Main 19*7. nRADLKY A CO.. Ut Clay St.
j EXPERIENCED holeting engineer wants po-
sition at mine; best of refs. Box SO5, Call.
YOUNG man of experience wishes position as
| driver; le well acquainted with the city; ref-
erence. Box 224, Call. .
PLUMBER and tinsmith with good set tools
and machine wanted; a practical plumber as
partner. Bon 365, Call office.
GERMAN wishes position to ! work around
house, take care of h«rnes, etc ; olty or
country. S2l California st.
STRONG active yonng man wishes position
In wholosale house, with a chance to work
up; Is experienced crockery, glass and tin-
ware packer; reference* furnished. Box 171,
Call offlc*.
WANTED— A position by young man as fore-
man or timekeeper, in yard or factory; thor-
oughly understands plans and building con-
struction. Box 177, Call.
RESPECTABLE young man and wife would
Mk* a situation on a privnte place; man Is a
good gardener and can run gasoline engine;
handy fQr any kind of work; wife Is a Kuod
I 000k and housekeeper If wanted; ■ city ■' or
country; best references. Box 254, Call office.
■ COACHMAN, young man,, thoroughly ' under-
; stands care of horses and cows; handy with
; tools; city or country. Box 411. Call offlce.
ELDERLY man wants situation; thoroughly
! understands horses and stable work' gcod
milker and gardener; references. J. C., box
444. Call offlce. ■
EXPERT Japanese wants situation; good cook,
housework and plain washing. 2 Eureka
: Place, near Larkln and Bush sts. " '
i WANTS » situation— A yonng man 18 years of
age, living with his parentß. best of refer-
once, wants .to learn some . respectable busi-
ness; writes a (food hand; wages no object.
Address H. L. M., box 435, Call office.
! SWEDE wants'* situation In a private place
as gsrdener and oeachman; Is a first-claw
milker; understands running a gasoline en-
gine; wagco $35; first-class referenco. Bo*
377, Call office.
THE SAN" FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
SITUATIONS WAKTED- Continued.
A YOUNG man to do any kind of work; baker
or milk route preferred; references. M. T.,
N5ll Geary St.
STEADY mnn wishes 'position; drive a milk-
wagon; dr^ve bifore at Priesan-Holsteln
Dairy. Address B. WATER, 35 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position, either
private or mercantile place. Address M.,
box 9, Call' Office, Oakland.
STRONG, active man wants position as sales-
man, watchman, porter, advertiser, butler,
nurse or man ab»>ut place; city or country;
can furnish references. Box 317, Call office.
YOUNG married coachman and gardener
wishes situation In country; wife flrst-ciass
cook, 3 years In last place; first-class refer-
eneea. Box 2J3, Cail office.
JAPANESE desires place in dental parlor
where he can learn dentistry; wages no ob-
ject. K. SETU, box 232, Call offlc*.
A BOY of IS would like a position In an office
or store. Box 153, Call office.
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience; traveled In China, Japnn and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
YOUNG man. 20 years of age, wishes situation
In wholesale hardware or ship chandlery busl-
nesis; strictly temperate. Box 1.-.9, Call office.
WANTED— carpenter, a situation in city or
country; experienced in all Its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 105.
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSK. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 30 nicht: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: free
bus and bargnce to and from ferry. ,
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Oeary st., want
Monday — First-class lroner on ladles' wear
for country hotel laundry, $35 and free fare
both ways.
GIRL for chr.mberwork and waiting, hotel,
Panta Cruz County, $20; waltrers»s, country
hotels. $28; housework girls. MURRAY *
READY. 654-63S Clay st.
WANTED— A nice young girl to do plain cook-
ing and housework for a small family, no
children; must be neat and willing; will find
a good home and kind treatment; references
reiiuirwd. Call at 1261 HIIIh. near Lagima-
WANTED— Tallorees for the country; first-
class only. Box 110, Call office.
GIRL for light honr.ework and to assist with
children. 244 Halght et.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid while
learning. 335 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED hands on wrappers to work
on electric machines; steady employment.
BTEUER, 418H Ellis st.
HOUSEKEEPER for a family of 2; very light
work: aged between IS and 30 years; wages
$10. 4T6 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Address of ANNIE MORAN. age
26; good housekeeper; associates with col-
ored people. H. SCHELLHAAS. Eleventh
st., Oakland.
THE MoDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the only successful school of its
kind on the coast; we teach the cutting,
making, trimming and fitting of stylish hats
and dresses; all are Invited to visit our school
| and see for themselves; patterns cut to order,
25c up; pupils work for themselves; positions
free. 103 Post st.
GENTLEMAN wishes a practical and patient
young lady teacher In English; must have the
best pronunciation and articulation of every
verb; ventriloquists and nasoloqulsts need not
apply. Box 162. Call office.
WANTED— lady assistant In manicure
parlors. Address box 279, Call office.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery: positions
free; patterns 2Sc up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at Kelsler Ladles' Tailoring
Colleje. US McAllister et. ; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Drerscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit: nn trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED—
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 164 Geary St., want Mon-
day, second cook, country hotel, $50; cook,
boarding house, near city, $40; cook and
dishwasner. sains small country hotel, $40
and $1S; cook for men at a factory, $35;
camp cook, U) men, $JS. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED cabin boy. . steamer. $20: colored
hotel porter, $20; country hotel, $16. •C. R
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Goary st.
! BLACKSMITH, city camp. $35 and found; 2
painters, 4 carpenters, rough work, $1 a day
and board; buggy washer. $40. C. R. nAN-
SE'X & CO., .104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED trunkmaker. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary st. .
MONDAY morning.. ..steamer sails for Alaiflca
j 300 laborers and rockmen wanted at 30c an
hour; write or call on us for further par-
ticulars and special reduced rateß direct to
Skoguay. C. R. HANBBN & CO.. 104 Geary.
' TEN laborers for a mine; no experience ne»d-
i ed; steady JoY, reduoed fare; rhlp every day;
■ wages from $1 60 to $2 SO; board $15 a month.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD logger, $60; 4 barkers and buckers, $33
and board: shingle packer, $40 and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EIGHT laborers for a quarry. $1 75 a day; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO men to handle rock on barges, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO German farmers, bean ranch. $20 and
found; 7 farmers for a grain rnnch, $20 and
found; 3 choremen, $10 and $15; milker, $25.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary St.
DRIVER for a milk route, $S0 and found. C.
R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS bnrber for a first-class country
hotel; furnished shop; board, lodging and
washing free. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104
G«ary Bt.
FOUR waiters. iZ'i, country; waiter, country
restaurant, $25 «nd room: porter who can
wait, restaurant. $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO..
104 Geary st.
A— LOOK COOKB WAITERS
14 cook.i for different places, $55, $45, $35 and
$30 an 4 found
8 waiters for different places, $25 and found..
5 dishwashers $25 and $20 and found
Bnk«r'i helper $20 and found
MURRAY A READT,
«34-636 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assist
on books, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READT. 634-636 Clay St.
MINERS ..GOLD, IRON ..AND COPPER
X laborers to work around the great mines
of a large syndicate; wages from $2 50 day;
we hare special reduced railroad ratee to
works. MURRAY A READY.
634-636 Clay it
A— BUTCHER, $3ti and found; for a ranch. $30
and found. MURRAY ie READY. 634-636
Clay st.
A— TO THE ....GREAT .... SAWMILLS. ETC.
S lumber pliers $26 and found
1 man to load cars $2S and found
logway man $1 75 day
125 woodchoppers, tools furnished. $1 50 and $1
c«rd
93 tlemakers, tools furnlthad. 8c to lie each.
MURRAY A READY.
634636 Clay st.
— TWO blacksmith" and horneshoers, country
1 blacksmith's helper, country
1 stableman, city $40
milker near city .' $25
5 farm handE Iti, $!5 and $20 and found
Sausage maker and several hundred other
different positions in California.
...MURRAY & READY.
: «34-«36 Clay st.
DRIVER for buggy; steady place; moderate
wages;. references. 1105 Van Ness after 6 p.m.
DKTECTIVE— reliable man wanted
In every locality for profitable secret service;
experience unfeessary. AMERICAN DE-
TECTIVE ASSN., Indianapolis, Ind.
$1S WEEKLY— Men, women, children, making
less Immediately send Rt»mp for contract
work at home: no canvasnlng; experience un-
neceseary; permanent. KXCELSIOR MFO.
CO., 1164 Broadway, New York.
WILL give situation for loan of $300. Box 439,
Call office. .
HELPER for bakery; reference necessary. 727
Larkln st.
COLLECTORS wanted on salary or commis-
sion; security required. 810 Market St.. r. , 25.
GENTLEMEN or ladles wanted for good sell-
In? article on salary or commission. 850
Market st., room 35.
WANTED— good cook; call early. 126
Ninth »t. ■
THE Century Atlas of the World has Just
been, issued by The Century Company, New
York. Several thousand subscribers to The
Century Dictionary will want to complete
their set*. It Is having an immense rale
among educated pecple; having l>pen puhllsh-
eA st a most opportune time. First-class, In-
telligent salesmen can apply for territory to
J. N. ODELL. 208 Kearny St., room 609.
SAILORS, . ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED Toung mnn to learn the liquor
business. Brownstone Wine Co., 331 Ellis st.
SOBER man. understands mixing drinks, in
wine house; also act as indoor naleman; mar-
ried, speaking German, preferred. Box 255,
Call offic*.
WANTED— > * Montana House, 764H Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c p&r
night; 6*r., fOe and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard, Bee. 104 7th;. tel. Jesslo 1161.
GENT to take orders for printing. Apply. P.
BOULIN. 619 Filbert St.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 21T Third St.; 150 large
rooms; We per night; $1 to $3 per.wwK.
!?'■■■• '.•-.'...
HJjELP AVANTED— Continued.
MEN to learn barber trade in S weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass' n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS and ordinary \ seamen wanted at
LA>*E'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.'
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 969 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rcmedale House. 321 Kilis St.
TRY Arm. House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2.'.c a night; $1 a week/
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 7.".c and $1
week. I.lndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Suttftr st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third Bt., near
Market; 2CO rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS AVANTED.
ANOTHER cut in war novelties; metal flag
pins. 16c doz.; bullet pins, 12c doz.; l!ag with
Dewey's Spanish pills pendant, 32c doz.: flag
pins with hinged front and motto: "To H— ll
With Spain, Remember the Maine." SJSc doz.;
Dewey Demolishers, squirt buttons with tube
• and bulb, $1 doz.; celluloid feathers in red,
white and blue, "plucked from bird of free-
dom," for hatbands, 30c doz., etc.. etc. I
have 500 different kinds of badges, flaßs, me-
dallions, belt buckles, shirt waist sets, hat
pins, pictures, albums, atlases, etc., and nov-
elties of all sorts, all at wholesale prices,
large or small lots, assorted as desired. 100
to 500 per cent profit. Sample line $1. I ship
every order same day received. Try me or
send name and address for big catalogue,
free! Illustrating 200 best sellers. L. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver st., Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Fifty refined, experienced ladies to
introduce a newly discovered female and pile
remedy of wonderful merit. Exceptional of-
fer to right parties; no capital. Also lady
capable to take charge of office. References.
Do not call before Tuesday, 1 p. m. MIRAN-
DUS REMEDY CO., Emma Spreckels build-
ing, room f»l7.
AGENTS, cheapest fire extinguisher; sold in
homes, stores, factories; adopted United
States Government, fire departments, insur-
ance companies. Little Giant, 22 Liberty St..
Now Yf>rU.
AGENTS WANTED- Patent perforated frying
pan; no greasy stoves ; no unsavory frying;
b!g seller: guaranteed $7". to $150 monthly.
Kitchen Specialty Co.. Reading, Pa.
AGENTS make big money selling automatic
screen door catches, door stops and broom
holders. Automatic Door Catch Co.. Chicago.
LADY In country towns to sell horoscopes; can
make $30 month. "Astro," 724V4 Market St.
AGENTS make big money selling MURAT
lIALSTEAD'S great war book, '"Our Coun-
try In War"; written since Maine disaster:
elegantly illustrated; secure territory to-day;
outfit 50c. California Educational Bureau,
Stockton. Cal.
WANTED— Specialty salesman for a partly
Introduced and advertised article In whole-
sale grocery line; must have established trade
in Oakland, .Alameda and Berkeley. Ad-
dress box 203, Call office.
WANTED— Agents to take territory for the
eale of Home Comfort Washing Machine.*;
patent No. 599.023 granted Otto Bpellmeyer.
St. Louis, Mo.; quick selling a.'tlcle; liberal
commissions. F. OBERMILLER. State
Agent. Present address, 2123 Charming Way,
Berkeley. Cal.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAT'M buys furniture i\nd general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AND HOARD AA ANTED.
LADY would like room and board with young
married couple (Protestant) where there are
no* children or other boarders; use of parlor
and piano. Box 276. Call.
HOUSES AVANTED.
WANTED Immediately— A furnlrhed house of
S or 10 rooms at Fair Oaks or Menlo. Send
full particulars to W.. box 325. Call office.
ROOMS WAXTED.
SINGLE front room, sunny and 'reasonable;
Taylor, Larkin. Sutter and Geary. Box 145,
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes room exchanged for vocal
_ Instruction; Italian method. Box 452,^Cali.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
A— Watches. Jewelry, badges, etc., beautifully
gold .'T>lated ; warranted to , wear for years.
Coyle's Cal Electro Plating WTcs.R52 Mission.
WANTED— Up to date novelties for country
towns California. \ Box 134, Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; (sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since ISS2; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use. taught by Mrs. Klncaid at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRJSS' Business College. .723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. co-educatlonal boarding and day
Bchool; complete English. French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY Newell Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. ChanninT way. Berkeley; write for circular.
SPANISH lessons given: also English branches
taught; special nttentlon to backward puplla;
low terms. 910 Clay st., Oakland.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve. :
e«t. 1£64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DON'T waste time on forms; practical lessons
In bookkeeping and arithmetic. Address box
441, Call office.
PIANO, organ, violin, guitar, mandolin; 50c
per lesson; at pupil's home; reference. Box
445. Call.
PIANO German lessons, 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpsic. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short .time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references,
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van N>ss aye.
LOST.
LOST — On. Turk St., between Taylor and Jones
—A fur collaret with button photograph and
scarfpin attached. Return to 116 Turk et..
and receive reward.
LOST— A black pocket memorandum book. Re-
turn to 274 San Carlos aye, between l"th and
20th, and receive reward. '
OPEN face gold watch; initials C. B. , chain
attached; liberal reward. 635 Post st.
HORSES.
FOR SALE — Good pony; no faults: price $10.
Apply 1684 Mission st. ______
FOR Handsome standard bred bay mare,
black points; 16 hands 1 Inch high; age 5
years; weight • 1090 lbs: sound and gentle;
Bired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood, 000, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson: well broken; trial given.* Inquire
347 Fremont st. In rear.
FOR sale— blooded horse, cheap; 5 years;
unbroken, MRS. LANKENAU, corner
Thirty-fifth aye and L st. South.
40 HORSES for sale; also wa*oM, buggies,
carts, harneHs; Grand Arcade Hdrsa Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & ■■■].!■:. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2O head horses: must be sold. Ap-
ply Tcmklnsnn's Livery Stable. 57-61 Minna
Bt.. betwesn First and Second. ,
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Saies
Yards, 220 Valencia ft.
- AVAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUSINESS BUGGY— Cart and harness; make
an offer. 1738 Sanchez st.
FINE camp wagon, tents and outfit to let or
sale. 1608 Geary st. Ej
FOR sale — Horse and " wagon In good shape;
suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. '■••* Harrlnon st.
SPECIAL sale of harnesft and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
IHCYCLES.
BICYCLE; gent's; highest possible grade man-
ufactured; '98 model: nearly new; coßt $75;
price .$25 cash. Box 240, Call office. ..■
SEAVING MACHINES^
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mlsr.lon st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. .
PERSONALS.
WIDOW would like acquaintance elderly gen-
tleman thnt will assist her; object matri-
mony. Box 272, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet honorable young
lady; pretty, refined, well educuted: object
matrimony; means not necessary. Box 309,
Call
MY wife, CATARINA MORTE, having left
my bed and board, I will nnt bo responsible
for any dehts contracted by her. WILLIAM
I'KI.I.A M< 'I.] X, 723 Qre& st.
JOSEPH GUEVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the l'nlt«d States: profes-
sion:;! terms, flO monthly, In advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those, who start in
before the i winning of the Reason— i. c.,
August 10. 123* Market st.
MATRIMONIAL MAOXKT, published monthly;
price Lfl cents, secure]; staled; surpassing all
.-• ii: style, variety and completeness of
descriptions; its columns contain many
wealthy members from every state in the
Union, having largest membership In United
States. MRS. li. J. MERRITT, 135 East
Sixty-fifth st. .-New York.
SUPERFLUOUS hair on face or body; money
refunded for any failure to permanently de-
Btroy, by simile and scientific process, any
growth of lmir. Address with stamp DR.
MAI'DOCK, Fargo. North Dakota.
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for latest matrimonial paper.
_Addre-ss "Wedding Bell," 111 Ellis St., S. F.
IItSI.MCSS PERSONALS.
A BRUNETTE baby girl for adoption by re-
sponsible party. MRS. DR. FENKE, 1416
Eighth st., Ab.meda.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; hairdresuing. 26c; bleaching and dye-
Ing: artistic hair work, scalp treatment and
everything pertaining to a first-class hair
business 240 Stockton st., near Pi Bt
I STUDY to make halrdressing an art; my art-
ists carry nut my ideas: halrdressing, 2oc:
hair restored to natural color, $1 60 up- good
switches. $1; finest. $:t 50: extra. $6: open Sun-
day. 9 to 12. C;. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at.
A — TABLE ware. Silver-plated ornamental
fixtures rehronzed: polishing and lacquering.
Coyle's Cal. Electro Plating Wks.Bs2 Mission.
QUTNONIA Hair Tonic: refreshing preparation-
removes dandruff. G. LEDERER, III Stockton.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf, S. P., is now in business
'" r m 11, Macdon >ugh building. Oakland.
LITHO engraving battleship Maine framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7xn inches,
10c; SxlO and l"0xl2. IBe: 11x14 and 12x16 20c;
14x17. 26c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 85c; 2("x24, 45c: 22x
2S. 60c; curtain poles complete, l">e; rm. mold-
ing. all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 2i*) rooms
2Ec to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
!us and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of eleotrlc rnas-
batha and h^rb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Htalr Store has removed to 1036
Market; hnlrdresslng. popular prices.
HOME in continompnt: diseases of women.
Ml-iS. liR. FI'NKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments I.
I.I'MqS. 1117 Market Ht.. b»t. 7th and *th.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $3
up, dresses n;ade over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $<i
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
game as If purchased fur all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments I . iod pianos for S3, $4 and
i: per month. SHERMAN, CLAY &■ CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago i? KOHLER .t CHASE'S,
2fi, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all rther musical Instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
est; everything pc-esible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
FOR cash, as I leave San FranclßCo. grand up-
rlxht piano for one-third its value; stand-
ard make; used three months; five years'
guntmtee from manufacturer. 2CC Eighth.
BEAUTTFITL S?.f.O piano, walnut case, finest
condition, $lSf> cash; party must sell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 18-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chlck-
erlng agents.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, nfw
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St..
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
liriggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 303, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
AN elegant high-grade upright, good as new;
make offer. Room 13. Flood building.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; Emerson piano, $S0; cost
$400. 221 Leaven worth st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 SO month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., MO Hayes st.
PINE-TONED piano, Qrst-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1881 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 2U McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale Of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON". 524 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, , : C up ' HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. IS McAllister
st.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, sithers, old and ti-w. 11.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A NEW well-nnlshed cottage, 4 rooms and
bath, high basement, chicken house, etc.; lot
2".x125:9; to be sold cheap, party going East.
Apply 324 North aye., near Courtland.
TEN shares Building and Loan Association
Stock, S7 months old, book value Jl2."i 10 per
share; make cash offer. Address box 298, Call.
FOR sale— First-class camp wagon, team and
harness. Camp 14th St., between Valencia
and Guerrero sts.
CHOICE Scotch Fantalls, Belgium Homers; .V.O
mile records; ring doves cheap. 202*J San An-
tonio nve., Alameda.
A YOUNG thoroughbred bull dog, IS months
old. 3258 Twenty-second »t., nr. Valen' 1 *t.
A SANDEN electric belt; one-third cost.
299, i 'all office.
50.0r>0 OLD brick for sale. Bush and Powell.
Cheap.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, ofr.ee furniture, store and
of lice furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND HAND pipe, 3, 4 and 6 Inches, for
water, gas or oil. W. F. THOMPSON, 40
Main st.
A FIXE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones, $1" each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
SECOND-HAND lumber; I'xio. 2xB, 2x6, 2x3.
Buchanan st., near Jackson.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $S per dozem
projectoscope, $100. Bacig&lupi, 938-946 Market.
F' »R sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, ISO 2 Seventh st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, '1 large tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc". 711 Treat av<-. <
BOILER, 42x14, with steaYn drum, complete;
will test to 175 pound*. WHITE, 516 Mission.
$137 BO FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down ainl $S n month. 226 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 1M Iw.niJ. Smith <;.)., i 27 Mission.
SCALE, s;:fe. coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hnnd
building material. 1124 Mis.- t.;l. *
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH <v WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES, new and second hand, cheaper thr.n
Hermann Safe Mafo., 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
•11 Market, B. P.
BARS, showcases. counters. shelving. eit...
bought and Fold. W& Mission St., nr. Seventh.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, SBO Market, cor. Stooktn.
ADVICE free: no rharge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, ''27 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe, 108 l.arkin.
LARK Emms Bpreckela bldg., M 7 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legral matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st.; room 04
clairvoyants.
the! original white MAHATMAH.
PROF. OMAR, THE occult wonder.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
325— —EDDY ST. 325 ■
SEPARATE parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
Private residence. All business sacredly con-
fidential. Gives full names or" every caller.
Name of your sweetheart or husband.
The True Herald of Merit is Deeds. The
Fecret of Prof. Omar's unbounded success is
that he advertises nothing but what he can
do.
He will not consent to have his ability
measured by any other standard than his
own. for there are always partially developed
mediums and cheap pretenders found in every
city, bringing disrepute upon the profession.
It goes without paying that Prof. Omar Is
the peer of all mediums.
He must not be classed with card readers,
fortune tellers and similar humbugs.
NO EQUAL.
He gives advice on business, speculation,
investments, insurance, love, courtship, mar-
riage and divorce, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated and causes a spt-edy and
happy marriage with the one of your Choice;
locates mines. Interprets dreams, tells ot your
friends and enemies, removes evil Influences,
gives advice pertaining to lawsuits, etc.
There Is no home so dreary and sad, no life
bo wrecked or blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, no condition of circumstances so com-
plicated or incomprehensible that can not be
tet right and kept ri^ht after a visit to this
Inspired prophet of modern times. Call and
be convinced of his superior power. Is your
husband or wife untrue? Has the demon rum
assailed the happy quietude of your home?
Does another share the love and attention
that should belong to you? If so, come and
learn a swift and sure remedy that will dis-
pel the dark clouds and lift the load from
your aching heart. Those that are unsuccess-
ful are made prosperous and started on the
road to wealth. If you have been deceived
by the false predictions of others do not de-
spair, but call and be convinced of the
above statement.
Hours: 9 a. m. to S p. m. Satisfaction
guaranteed. All business sacred and confi-
dential. Maid in attendance.
Professor Omar is the only medium in this
city who has appeared before the London
Psychic Research Society, as well as Boston
and Detroit branches of same, and indorsed
by all three. Tentlmonials and Diplomas are
on file In his office.
; V B.— Cut this out, as it will not appear
dally.
Letters containing/ four questions and $1 an-
swered: no attention paid to others.
CUT THIS OUT. IT ONLY
APPEARS IN S UNDAY'S PAPER.
A TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT!!! ;
PROFESSOR H. ROMAINB, late of India,
Calls you by name, tells you names of your
• friends and relatives, tells you what you
called for; everything. Advice given in full
-detail on business, law, love, marriage and
divorce. Reunites the separated; locates and
recovers old estates; locates mines and bur-
led treasures. Hours 10 to 6. Letters con-
taining stamp answered. Offices, 1206 Market
Ft., suite 104.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medical clairvoyant
and medium, will diagnose diseases and treat
with revealed remedies, which are a boon to
suffering humanity; stamp for circular. 232
Stockton st.
MRR. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vcndome building)— medium: unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disense. full life readlnir: la.
60c. gents : palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcemrnt of mv return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Market st.
MME. LENEMAR: fortune by planets: predict-
ed In '74 overdue stmr., people on island. 23%
Sixth Ft., room 6.
MME. WALTERS, th^ cre«»t card-reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission St., near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names Riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles.. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 2 c. 14S Sixth Ft., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fe*Fion: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
TKST- meet'n*. 2 and S p. m.. 10c. 333 McAIIIs-
j ter st. . Stltt, Nlta, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave.
others.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, clalrvoynnt. trance !
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 23S Valencia st. : read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat. S: 25c.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate writing me-
dium. lIS Hafght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and- business medium;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
PALMISTKV.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305 j
Larkln: readings dally at res.. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
HYPNOTISM tausrht. diseases and habit? cured- !
s? nd forjournal. «'AI. INSTITUTE. 402% Geary.
MEDICAL.
DR. WISH, late of Bellevue Hospital. New
York; offices. Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st. ■ '
phone South 339; hours 9 to 11. 2 to 5 and 6 to
8: consult him for treatment on all diseases
peculiar to women: patients are assured first-
class medical attendance, besides enioylng
privacy of home with experienced lady at-
tendants; strictest confidence maintained in
all cases; CONSULTATION FREE.
ALL ladles— C only .Jr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 yenrs' practice; safe and quick cun» guar- !
anteed: any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; deficp^v, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self -cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.: pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
• In a few hours; »afe and sure at all times
when ethers have failed; no instruments used; !
travelers helped at once: home in confine- I
ment; every case fruaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, $5: pills. $1
MT'.S. DR. WYETH. 2CS Turk tt., near .Tones.
ALL of r>r. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and Bure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BTIOS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
LAT>IES, Chlchester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; lafe, reliable: tak»
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letterby return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fail:
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1: cure $5- by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that, restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly-
home for patients: ponmilt free: confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
$1 50; RICHARDS A- CO., 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X Bt., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best oare and attendance; terms
moderate; infants»adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pilis. a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; iiafe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; lon't delay until t-wi lite
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Arents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy durlnp- confinement
can fin.! good home A- treatment by Mrs. Karr.
2514. Fulton St.: McAllister car passes house.
DR. HALL. 122S Market St.. diseases of women
and children.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home in confine-
ment; confinement alone. $0. 156 Second st.
DKXTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
platos; light and thin; warranted tpn years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, BOo; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless an.l warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for '•'•♦'•acting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist. discoverer o; nalnlrss extraction and
patentee of i-nrroved briiise work nr teeth
without plate.removed frrm 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electm Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $.» up; fillings. 25c. up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
inr«. HTJ Market Ft., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods nt New York prices by
New York dentists. 56.1 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of te*th w.thout a Plate DR. H ' C
YOUNG, 1811 Polk st.
BUSINESS 'CHANCES.
A^KREDO &'CX>.T^tr^TfTVTtf^f.22W[GeAX7>V^
Miscellaneous Business.
$3000—% interest pickle mfy.; clears $6000.
11000— Vi interest perfumes and extracts; est.
$1000— % Interest paying livery and boarding.
$1100— Steam laundry; $iuoo monthly.
, $3500— Drug: store; exchange for realty.
Candy . mfy. and ice cream parlors.
Bakery; $800 bakery and $100 bakery.
Many groceries, BtUoons and restaurants.
A CORNER grocery, bar and living rooms; nice
clean stock; $12 daily; must be sold this
week; make offer. KREDO & CO.
BRANCH bakery and notions; living
rooms; $5 daily; a snap. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary st.
$120-O— DRY goods and gents' furnishings and
notion store; excellent corner in good art of
city: 3 nice Ilvli rooms nd bath; invoice
value stock fully $1200; well-paying business;
grand opening for any one; full uivestlgation
afforded: satisfactory reasons for'selling M.
LESS 765 Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
A— FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market: $250;
$150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
$250— SALOON— 7 furnished rooms, billiards,
dining room, kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA-
SILE, 573% Market st.
j2O0 — GREAT sacrifice; fish market: fine busi-
ness: 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 873%
Market Bt.
$225 — PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts, $1S to $20 per day and clearing $75
per month each; trial given: must have help.
Apply RAND & CO.. &17 Market st.
BRANCH bakery and notions; S living
rooms; cash trade; wa^-on, etc.; a bargain.
City Agency, S5O Market Bt.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located, corner 2 principal streets: no
opposition; clearing $200 a month: sacrificed
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner, Call office. Oakland.
WILL make you big money: $300 on every $100
invested now on my Inside information; no
losses; trade through your own broker; will
impart information for $10; act immediately.
SAMUEL SCOTT, 6 Wall St., New York.
A— sl7s CASH will buy one of the nicest little
restaurants In San Francisco; positively given
away; see it; a snap for some live man and
- wife; owner not understanding the business
cause of selling. 310 Third St.; no agents.
RARE chance to buy locksmith shop and
goods; must be sold on account of sickness
and old age; 8 years in same place; good
business; small rent. Box 101. Call office.
$600 WILL purchase half interest In steady
business that will return investor $75 month-
ly; to reliable man will guarantee same; ref-
erences. Box 4M. Call office.
$100— CANDY end cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of eale; with or without furniture. 52S
Third st.
OLDEST dyeing and cleaning establishment
for sale: doing large business; a fine opening
for right man; cheap if sold at once. 143
Third st :
BARBER two chairs, 15c shop, for sale; a
bargain; in Vallejo; must sell; have other
business. 225 Georgia st., Vallejo.
OLD established retail business, down town,
at a bargain on monthly payments; must be
sold at once. Box 436. Call office.
ON account of departure; for sale, fancy goods,
notions; good living rooms; nice location.
Address 1161 Valencia st.
FOR BALE— watch repairing shop; low
rent; centrally located; retiring from busi-
ness. 226 Ellis
WANTED— and lunch place: cheap for
cash; centrally located. Address box 435. Call.
PROMINENT corner grocery and bar, just
the place for right party. Box 174, Call. »
SALOON on Mission St.; family entrance;
owner going away; make offer v Box 308, Call.
A GOOD shoeshop for sale. Call at 942 Har-
rison st., bet. .Fifth and Sixth.
I FOR SALE— paying drug Btore at in-
voice. Box 306, Call office.
WANTED — Lady partner; good business; small
capital. Box 454, Call office.
BEST ever offered; share $150 grub stake. IS2O
Hay, Alameda.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and joining the
Newport Tract, the best known and most
successfully wcrked vein in Southern Oregon.
It lies 3% miles from deep- water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth ot
25 feet of water, with good anchorage and
the best natural advantages for a coalin;?
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains *wo veins, the upper at an average
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet in thickness; the seo-
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwith*tandln<
the depth of these veins ther* is free drain-
age to three-fourths of the flejd. There is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining'
purposes For further particulars apply to
! NEIL MUNRO, box 16. Marshfield, Or.
1 FOR SALE— A flourishing, successful, up to
I date clothing business in Salinas; th- most
promising town in California; owner has
other business calling him East; no agents.
Address P. O. box 436, Salinas, Cal.
BARBER shop, 1 chair: also building 12x16.
. $130; great bargain; good business; at Shasta
Springs. Address H. B. BASHAM, Dunsmuir
Cal.
FOR sale— account of departure, small laun-
dry; the best thing for married couple; cheap
rent. Inquire at 236 Ellis st.
; BAKERY doing paying business; first-class
I wagon route; within 50 miles of San Fran-
cisco. Address J. S., box 11, Call, Oakland.
1 $10 RENT; saloon with fixtures, near Pacific
Mail dock; cheap rent. Apply 312 Sacra-
mento st.
BUSINESS man of some means wiihes to ia-
vest in some established business wnere ser-
vices are an object; city or country; no
agents. Address box 332, Call office.
j RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca-
tions in the city; south of Market et. ; on ac-
j , count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
$150— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions and
hardware; nice trade; rare chance and cheap.
4301 Eighteenth st., near Castro.
FOR SALE— A fine restaurant in good location
and doing a good business. Inquire at 21(5
E. Main st., Stockton.
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon for sale
Box 431. Call office. :£■■■!-■&?
FOR sale — Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
FOR sale— Fine saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can taka
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred: rent $10 month.' Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
FOR SALE— HaIf interest 3-chair barber shop;
cheap. 19 Mason st.
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, wagon and im-
plements; cheap; must be sold on account ot
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley. !
BRANCH bakery, notion and candy store; 2
living rooms: $150. 805»4 Filbert st.
$SOO— ROAD house and merchandise store on
main road near mines; worth double- party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Stationery. Cigars ami News
Agency: a bargain; cheap rent. Address F.,
Box ISO, Call.
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures central
loeatloi D., box 3, Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. 4
W. CASAVELL & CCS. 415 Sacramento »t.
LOHGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to loan at low Interest
290 rooms; clears $4000 yearly $5000
50 ■ ims; apartment house 2*>oo
38 rooms; rent I9 1 ); doctor pays $50 900
20 rooms; best-paying transient 1800
17 rooms; Jones st.; all full; a snap 700
15 rooms; Third St.; clears $45 275
12 rooms; Ellis st.; clears $40 £00
11 rooms; Lurkin-st. corner; central . 7.".0
10 rooms; best little house; O'Farrell st.. 550
9 rooms; Leavenworth fit.; che^.p rent.. 27j
Also 50 an! 53 rooms to exchange for Oak-
_Jand or City realty. . KREDO & CO.
lA— ROOMS: near Baldwin ...$6"30
15 rooms; new and good gji)
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water!! IS'">
14 rooms; tranaient 45,}
-l rooms; select; transient corner...!."!'! 1600
22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
51 rooms; line for transients; part ca«h ' 1050
ti6 rooms; transient: best in city; cheap'
52 rooms: rent $80; come quick..* 1500
14 room* : «-ood trai si< hi us ■ O'Farrel'l 1200
46 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap liitO
ROGERS & HYDE. 120 C Market st(LW
Rogers, formerly clerk for- h. C. Decker.)
PRICE $25C»-Proflt each montfi'»3"';o7"o~nl> r half
; cash required; selling to close an estate- a
down-town north of Market hotel of r>o
_^ij2 C &e(_st. theaterS - A - M. BPECK
PRICE $1000-22 rooms; cheap rent: oak and
maple wood furniture: good carpets; 2 en-
trances. tl3t 13 , and i.-,u Powell street good In-
ducementa to right parties. Apply to OREEN
Bl .1 'iv, on premises.
LODOINa hOUS e: 504 Howard St.; 12 rooms:
rent cheap^ Apply MADISON & BURKE.
3 V,rl i: r' S o ! V, :i \OO\ 00 " 18 - corner house; trade for
lots. 1352 Market st., room 4.
__ INVESTMENT.
"^JS 5 ?!? 201302 0130 busl "<^ man dertrw to to-
w« £ ec s ry capital and give his serv-
ices In . establls hed manufacturing or mercan-
i«r. putineM 1 . capable of enlargement: partlcu-
Box 2^ cc P r, tnclpal3 only wlu be entertained.
*>Oa £iq. C all.CITY REAL, ESTATE.
' G H UMBSEN & CO.. ™~~
REAL ESTATE AHEXW.
14 Mon&omery st.
HOME ON EAST TERMS
$C 5— O.ttape of S rooms and lot 25x100; a
nr.all amount cash, alance in monthly pay-
iii.T.ts; interest ut 7 per cent; near Mission
street electric cars.
CHEAT MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
$35 per 'loot; any frontage; cood depth; 'only
1 ,;.; a block from Miss:on-st. electric cars;
ktrcc: work done; lots all ready to build on.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
jll. : .—\ery cheap; retells; within 2UO feet of
Mls-«lJn-«: fl electric care; nicely situated for
si re, and flats.
A COTTAGE AT A BARGAIN.
" "v c w' zy , ■<:■ -window cottage of 4 rooua
ana Datn. handy to several lines 01 street cars;
t-anchez street.
.., A 'CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
- d "CAUJatei street, 25x100; street ac-
„ * BARQAIN ON PACIFIC STREET.
t $1900— 3-story house of 10 rooms and ith and
t. rents £.'.«; per annum; this is a bargain.
A COZY COTTAGE CHEAP— GEARY ST.
$-Wo— Bay- window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: brick foundation, etc.; 25x55: will be sold
on very ensy terms;
A GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
$2p;o— Near Valencia and Mission streets;
rents $I^2 per annum; 2 cottages of 4 rooms
ea.ch>large lot 60x122:6.
NEAR LARKIN AND PACIFIC STS.
j£3Co— 2 flats; rents JISO per annum; about
half a lot vacant: 45:6x58:9.
A COZY COTTACE:
J2SO0 — Nire locution; Post St. : a cozy bay-
window rottace of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; stone sidewalks; street ac-
cepted; will be sold on easy tertna.
A VERY CHEAP HOME— STEINER ST.
$3300 — Nice location; substantial 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; stone walks; street accepted.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
JScCO— 2-story house of 9 rooms: house alone
worth . the money; coultl be converted into
f.at= at very little expense; within a few
block 3 of the City Hall; 25x100.
CORNER SINESS LOT.
$57;©— Corner, 54:6x110. on Devisadero St.; a
good corner for lni« store or first-class grocery
A GOOD BUILDING LOT.
?s&»— Western Addition; 55:4Vix100; sun all
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
165P0— 2 elesant new bay-window flats of 7
ar.i 6 rooms and bath each; bost renting local-
ity in the Western Addition; 25x137:6.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
$.000— A bargain on account of foreclosure of
mortgage: an elegant home, containing all
modern improvements and conveniences; 25x
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records, which contains a list of properties
in all parts of the city for sale. P
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO..
14 Montgomery st.
MISSION ST.. near Sixth. Market and new
Pu?tof!ice — >oxl6o to rear street; rents $177 50"
offer wanted; particulars at office.
$24.600— P0we1l and O"Farrell sts. rents $2000
per annum; particu.'ars at of flee.
$7500 — Beautiful McAlllster-st. residence; a
bargain; terms to suit. .;' i :
• $5600— Beautiful cottage; Jackson and Scott
sts., opposite Alta plaza; very cheap.
i
$5230— Western Addition flats; rents $J3 50;
cost over $SO0O; must be sold; bank mortgage of
$3500 at 6^ per cent can remain.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
LANDLORDS are disappearing. ~ ~
Out n the Heyman tract they have forgotten
that landlords ever existed; there are no rent-
ers there; every family in that prosperous
neighborhood owns Its own home; the old plan
of renting benefited the landlord only; the new
plan, of buying your home on monthly install-
mer.i3, the lame amount that you used to pay
,-in rents, benefits you directly, for each pay-
ment brings you nearer to the time w!. I you
will have lo pay no more; two new houses,
modern, cozy affairs, ju«t being completed in
the' Heyman tract, can be purchased on these
terms; to-s?e them take Misaion-gt. cars, trans-
fer to E2d St., to Hoffman aye., and ask for Mr
.•<tir.es Cotter, resident agent, who will show
you around. JACOB HBYMAN, 11 Montgomery
St.. will give all particulars.
SFOR al-rocm and bath cottagra, just fin- i
cd. .including .tot; street graded and sew- ■
d; on- s:naJl payment . down and only $15
nthly: cloi-e to car liny. j JACOB HEY-
N, 11 Montgomery et.
HMOXD lots— 2 fine level building lots on |
nh- aye. and California St.; 25x120 each"
'•monthly; cheap. JACOB HEVMAN, 11
ntgomery. St. •
OCX «.f level land, as a whole or In lots; j
■lock from electric road; suitable for
cken ranch or dairy: at a birgaln; Jio
nthly.. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery.
■ [LOTS In Sun=et District, Golden Gate
M. on J5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
X", 'll Montgomery st.
JOKN- PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
. sliiS' Nevada Bank, Ul sell at sweeping re- ,
' >iurtlon: . . MRVH
. $2l>ooo, formerly- S3B.OCO— A very prominent j
corner yielding now S per cent, and will surely '
go lip to ?50,CC0.
JSOvO— I-'»n<jf 2-sto.ry house in Western Addi- ;
tion. "
. WXS9, formerly $13,000— Ninth st.. near Mis- i
Fion;'must be sold: only $4000 cash wanted. .;
117.000— An undivided half of lot 125x105 feet,
covered with' buildings yielding good rent, on
Mission- street, .near Sixteenth.
12100— Fine new cottage at the Mi«Blon.
$l£oo, :.reduced from $2000— House and lot 25x30
fert, 'centrally located; must be 60ld.
{$000, former!-." $3000— Rent $70; 4 fine flats;
Western A-ddition; lot 49x80.
JCOOO, reduced from $0500 — Rent $w; good bual-
nef.« corner on lay Bt.
: $4250 tor a. splendid house and lot 25x110;
G .. i. <;ute Park, near Baker st. 3USB
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
Several excellent properties on Market street.
$41, &00— Taylor st., n-.ar Market; large lot;
•well" improved; stores and flats. -^V-^,
$a2,£'>j— Eddy st., near Market; centrally lo-
ca^edT; store and flats.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 42 rooms
and 6 I'HthS.
10750— Rent $G0; 4 flats on Geary st. ; lot 2Sx
125. ■
$sKoo_nent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary Bt.
■ $2400— Rent $25; a double flat; 5 rooms below
and 6 rooms upstairs.
$3i>,ooo— Rent $260;. stores and flats; never
vacant. '
$14,500 will buy a McAlllster-st. property; 2
etores and 2' fiats; 3 blocks from City Hall.
$40*>-Folsom Bireet, near Eleventh; house S
rooms' and -;;il.!e; lot 2!sxl000; must be sold;
only $1&Vi; caab wanted.
BETTER TIMES~COMINO. ~~
Th^ wisf;' man buys now, before prices go up;
ran* bargains. See A. M. SPECK & CO.-
s7so— Lot 100x100 feet and nice 5-room cottage;
oi» car line; near city limit 3.
$4000 — Store and flats; rents $600 yearly; close
to McAllister and Buchanan.
$5000—6 nice flats; near Hibernla Bank; ac-
tual, rents, $720 yearly.
leaver. worth St., near California: 2 elegant
8 and c room residences; re"nts $700; 40 feet
frontage.
$13, 2i0— Mason st.; corner; 52:6x52:6; good im-
provements; must be sold.
$35,000— Geary St., near Kearny; north side;
3-Ftory brick Improvements; rents $190.
152, C00 — rner; near Orpheum Theater* 60-
foot frontage.
$60.000— S Etores and 40 offices; good brick
building; lot ?SxlOS:9; 2 frontages.
J'oO.ooo— Rare • ncr invent! 100-ft. front;
modern 4-story building, all rented for almost
$10,000 per annum: within block of Baldwin
Hotel! mortgage JSO.OOO can remain.
515.500 — Broadway residence, near Buchanan;
lot 50x128 feet; unsun marine view.
A. M. SPECK A CO., CO2 Market Bt.
HOOKEH v LE.Vi, 14 POST ST.
Must sell: a finf house and 30-foot lot on
Grove st., near Octavla; north side; marl
view; price $4250.
$nr,Ort-: now and flr>jrant flau on Hayes et.,
near Flllmore; rents f c">.
$S5CO— 3 nevr ano eleeant "i's on Baker St.,
near Park entrance; rents $85.
$95C0— 3 fine 1.-ir- 8-room modern flats near
Washington and Lcavenworth sts.; rents $S5.
$Csoo— New modern rner residence: 10 rooms
and bath; Shrader st. near ParH entrance.
$4600— New modern Park handle residence.
*13T.O— Cottape -•- Oty Orst St.. near San-
chez; lot 25x114; very cheap.
N &^!~£ he , a P, corner for business on Pacifl
St.; 45iG0; 2 houses; rent $36.
. HOOKER & LENT.
FURNISHED (or unfurnlshe g-room house;
\\ tern addition; desirably situated and ba
r?rv^ni rf<fV£> : Tn 1 ? 6^ 11 * 16 V o3 *****™. TH
REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner building.
MAKE an offer; will sell cheap; modern cot-
tage and lot 25x55: 13 Sheridan st.. bet Nlnt
and Tenth; $KKjO CHn remain for 4 years with
Hlbrrnla Hank. P. COWAN, 272 Stevenson i
St., cff Fourth.
A— $8760: WORTH fully $5000 to-day; a decided
bargain: fine northwest corner on Dolores st •
80-foot front, with 2-Btory bulldir store be-
low; 5-rooni flat above. Address Owner
7C7 Alice St., Oakland. J '
FOR SALE-Rlght prices: easy terms; 2 new '
nnvlern Park homes; cozy, handsome wf-11
built: open for Inspection; 478 and 482 Fred-
erick Bt., nsar- Stanyan; owner on premises. I j
$55f<v_ Valencia st., near Nineteenth: lot 25x100 j
with valuable Improvements. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real~Es7lt^ Acr ""t«
Established 1858. 626 Market st S
BMust8 Must sell to close an estate— An eleeant In
lolk, .5x137.6, 2 buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister st.~ near Flllmore- 2 lanr<
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.' *
and X balr i ta?iSar t " near Webst^ 9 »«»,
n^^;;l^; fi^H- -»-£■•-;
very low; $^6; only $7250; make offer
hSStSttAIJT' D -^ero; 7 rooms an<
I reX S^kSai^S;. — Valencia
r^a^*??:*^ ear Sanche,; !
j $Sooft-Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st ne al
, Castro; 5 rooms and bath; lot 2Bxii4.
cft^J 1 O fnd^[b,?; U S4. Bt ' nSal
j?w±mtsis^ 6 r^ l
T^^^r3Vffl: 6 Chattan ' 00^ St - ™<
■ -v
lo! 2: 25 ( xToO tah Bt near Slxteenth = • ™™ an<3
n~ UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
«f?^ 5" on Hal £ ht a-nd Octavia *ts.. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 pt»r cent
8t8;° r3r 37 e :6xio"7 y V'2s°''V ' 25 °'' Callfornla ' and Locust
ois . 61 :bxll'i : 1 .
ir^B Va »- a i Buchanai *. corner of Chestnut; M 000;
loi .oxl3i :6.
$2300— Haight st.. near Devisadero; an ele-
gant building lot. 25x110.
!^?a ryantt near Twenty-fifth; 61x100.
J- ."-Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
i?2?°— lest..e st.. near Waller; 25x125.
$17*0— et., near Webster; 25x100.
$loOo— Turk St., cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$125v— SIxteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
Seventh aye.,' near J st., 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x90.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100: $SOO.
j $Soo— Valparaiso, nf-ur Filbert & Mason; 23x60
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.
; Returned from temporary offices to 513 Cali-
fornia et.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich:
j 137:6x137:6, with house.
$10.500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
i $Sooo— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; £7:6x110:
2 flats, IS rooms; rent $57.
$6500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents
$55 50.
$6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$5000— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
! rooms and bath.
$4500— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
$4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell. nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$2500— 3d aye.. nr. Clement st.; 25x120; cottage.
$1400— Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; Improved.
$iOCO— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6. -
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable. '3BSBB
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Pte'.ner. nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennea; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks. nr. 26th: 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.: 3 lota.
2ixSj; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lot«.
HxlOO; Valencia, bet. llth and 14th; 4 lots.
1 Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
lE. W. HAWKINS, Dealer in Real Estate.
Mortgagee Loans and Insurance.
I 11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House Block).
j $6500— flats; Western Addition; 6 and 7
[ rooms; pays 12 per cent.
$2100— Reduced from $1000; Filbert st., near
j Hyde; 2 houses; floe marine view; lot 37:6x137:6.
$2000— Clementina St.. east of Eighth; 3 flats;
separate entrance; rents $21.
$2800— Union St., near Hyde; 2 flats; rents $26.
$4000— Reduced from $4500; Pine st., near
Steiner; cottage, 5 rooms and bath, with stable,
j etc. ; size 27:6x77:6.
i — John St., near Mason; 3 flats; rents $34.
$2600— Rlngold St.; 4 flats; rents $28; site 25x
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery.
$ro— COST $500; lot N'W. corner Thirtieth and
Douglas.
J22.'O— CASH; pays 9 per cent; store
and 4 rooms; Sutter st: snap. I. C.
SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
OTTAGE. 4 rooms and Wit! for sale;
101 Bt. Mary's aye., city; near St. Mary's
College.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. First Floor, '.-'c
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars: only $5 monthly.
t SOL QETZ & BROTH
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! ~~
$400, $450 tc $$50: officially graded; superb
view; %i& down, $10 monthly.
- SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400. $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lotB; street graded and sewered; $23 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker bulldloc
________ _
C. C. BEMIP.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
eeventh sts. ; close to electric road.
$5000 — Good corner for store ; must be sold;
lot 62:4x60 feet.
60x127:6 feet on Jackson Et., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st.; panhandle of park.
— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
■t.; 109x95 feet.
NEW 4, 5 and 7 room homes; easy rental terms.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market fit.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage
complete; will call. SALSBURY, Builder,
621 X Xt, Sunset District.
FOR sale— Twenty-first Bt., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage: open to-da- from 1 to 4 p. m.
J FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market, nr. Bth.
TWO flats for sale on 2036 California st., near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific st.. cheap.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. rubmttted for any
kind of building. W. W. RiiDNALL. builder.
1323 Hayes.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE 6 modern flata, fln.> location,
renting $123, for farm 30-40 acres; value $6000
to $8000; take mortgage for balance at 6% per
cent. Price $16,000. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 j
Montgomery st.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for i
San Francisco property: will .issume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
HOUSE and lot . In the Mission, with grocery
store, to exchange for some downtown prop- j
erty. Box 178. Call.
EQUITY: 200 acres Improved; Ph,-Fta county.
Hear railroad; what have you? Box 307. Call.
PHOPEIITY "WANTED.
WANTED— lmproved orchard or vineyard, two
, to ten acres, within 60 miles of San Fran-
cisco; full description and price. Box 440,
Call office. . ■>..■..
LOT wanted suitable for coal yard, about 40
feet front; south of Market, east of Main St.;
owner to make improvements; long lease will
he taken. Address, stating terms, box 295,
Crl! office. .
MOR r TO LOAN. ~
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 3. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest ratM, without
removal: no commissions; no delay* J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. abovs
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market at. ; t»l. Green 204. f
ON furniture, plan"*, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rate*: no commission; $2R up;
private part-. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at '" per cent on real estate; 2d
find 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. 1'- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery rm. 3.
$1000. $260d^ $8800, 8 per cent, on city real es-
tate. Box 321. Call.
SKCOND mortgages * undivided Interests In
,'b tates a specialty. ■MURPHY. C 36 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister «t.
$E0 TO $60,000;' lowest* rates; let and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery gt.
_ . FINANCIAL.^
"INS and Outs of Wall Street"; a new book,
junt out; 76 pages, with charts and tables;
full of valuable information to speculators;
10c in stamps. . LEWIS C. , VAN RIPER. I
publisher. II Broadway. New York.
MOMBY WABTTED. "
WANTS to borrow $2000 for two years on real !
estate.^at 6V4 per cent. ■ Address box 160, Call, j
11000 AT IS per cent, repayable $100 per month. I
Box 289, Call. i
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY ORDER OF MORTGAGEE.
O'FAKRELL, NEAR OCTAVIA.
$7,500— A nice modern home; , contains 10
rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot; runs
through tv retar street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7,50Q — Mission st; large lot, 35x130; new im-
provements, consisting of store and flats, 6
and 7 rooms; all rontud for $65.
__ BALDWIN .v HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A GO»H> INVESTMENT.
$7,7so— Rent S7O; Fulton st, near Laguna; lot
27:tix120; 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath and
basement; also two flats on rear street.
BALDWIN ft HOWKLL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
$I,soo— Very eaay terms; good cottage of 5
rooms and bath: street work done; close to
Guerrero street electric cars.
__ BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN OFFER.
Fillmore st business property; $16,500; stores
and flats, on best part of the street; lot 50
feet front; pays over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BH3 INTEREST.
$2,3oo— Rent $30: Shipley st, near Fourth; 3
I flats, 4 rooms each; make offer.
BALDWIN- & HoWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
RENT $S0; 3 handsome new flats of
6 rooms eaoh, just completed; Baker st, close
to Park entrance: Rood location; large lot.
BALDWIN .v HOWKLL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— $8,000; rknt «32; lot 85x130; Fourth aye,
near Clement st; 2 good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE $27,500.
RENT $222.
Splendid improvements; stores and flats;
large corner; two prominent streets in West-
ern Addition.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
• . ky st, near Jones; pood 8-story
building, under secured lease, which has 2Vi
years to run; large lot; rent $175.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION.
GREAT SACRIFICE.
WOO — Foreclosure sal..- of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms. 2 baths, etc. ; very com-
Slete; large lot, 27:6x157: good marine view;
reen st, near Devisadero.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, U Montgomery st.
$6,500— SCOTT near Fell: 2 new bay window
flats, 5 and 7 rooms: rent $50; lot 27-.6x.t0.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FINE country home; about 20 acres, all in
bearing fruit 14 years old; best varieties
prunes, plums, apricots and apples; house of
» large rooms and bath. In fine condition,
completely furnished; fine large well of
water: water piped throushnut house and
grounds: all farming implements, fruit boxes j
and trays, horse, carriage, harness, raeveral
hundred chickens; situated In the town of
Haywards; 10 minutes' walk from electric
line; cannot be excelled: pays good Income
this year; price $15,000. Address 767 Alice St.,
Oakl.ind. 1
: $560—10 acres near Highland Springs, Lake
I county; 6-room house: 5 acres bearing or-
chard: nice garden; plenty water.
$1.500— 50 acres, 2 miles from town. Lake
county: 5-room house, bam, etc.; abundance
of wood and water: the following also In-
cluded in the sale. 600 bushels grain. 20 tons
hay. 10,000 feet lumber, 9 cows, etc.; talk
quick if you want a bargain.
C. F MOORE, .33 MarkPt st. room 4.
GOOD income home in Novato, 12 acres
water; cheap. WM. BAUER, Novato, Ma-
rl n Co.
STOCK LANDS FOR PALE.
7200 acres, Fort Peward ranch, with or with-
out 000 head of stock cattle.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County:
banner stock county and lands of California:
never failing water and wood; no droughts
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
i purchasers. For full particulars write H. T
! FAIRBANKS. Petaluma, Cul.
FOR SALE— Nice little home of 2 acres, all in
choice fruit: good house of 6 rooms, with
bath; part of furniture; barn, chicken houses
Windmill and tank; excellent water piped all
over the place; horse, wagon, cow, new top
buggy. 300 chickens; 2 incubators and brood-
ers; tools, etc.: 1 mile Petaluma P. O. : price
no agents. Inquire Eintracht Saloon
Petaluma.
FOR RKNT, Millwood. Mill Valley, near sta-
tlon; 4 moms «nd bath; fully furnished cot-
tage, from August 1, or will exchange for
winter for furnished flat in city. Address M
8.. box 325, Call office.
$8 50 PER acre — Fine grain ranch. 680 acres;
all level and half is rich bottom land; some
large oak trees; house of 7 rooms; large
barns; thi.« Is onr; of the best bargains of-
'■• : <:,\MAN & LYON. 213 Kearny st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
COZY little cottage of 4 large rooms, with a
nice lot, 25x140 feet on the sunny side of the
street; only three blocks from the Seventh
ot. local train, with the street work all cjm-
piete; payments of $10 per month and inter-
est; total price only $1150. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON. 497 Ninth Bt.. Oakland.
WILL be sold;-, new modern 7-room house;
large lot: everything up to date; will rent
to pay 12 per cent on investment: opposite
school in Klmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner, in, house.
NO reason for paying rent when you can get a
new 3-room cottage and lot 50x125 in the Al-
vln Tract for $500, on small payment down
and $5 monthly; take Haywards local train
to Elmhurst and see those new cottages; 3
already sold. • A. T. BATTEN; resident agent.
JACOB HETMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSES for sale on very easy terms; also
lots in Oakland at a great bargain; be sure
and call if you want a home in Oakland or
a small ranch; bank references. E. E.
BONCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
$800— LOT 50 feet front, west • side Grand St.;
$1200, lot Alameda aye. and Paru »t. ; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ;• $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette st.. near
San Antonio aye. ; $10C0, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; al(=o chicken ranch; bargains In
. all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
15uO Park st., Alameda.
$75 UPWARD; lots ir the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$460 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit. .
$125 Upward— in Galindo Tract, East
Oakland; nothing, like these lots for double the
money anywhere; but a few left and must be
sold; fine schoolhouse; 2 electric car lines;
streets all graded and macadamized; city water
and sewer; nice homes surrounding. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$3250 — COST $4500; new 7-room house: up-to-date
Gothic style and latest Improvements; ' near
business center and local trains. J. S. MY-
ERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland Cal.
OFFER wanted— A pair of fiats, 5 rooms ench;
Market-*t. Station; paying 15 per cent inter-
est; must be sold. f. 9. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
NEW ui>-to-date 6-room house; cost 1 year
$2500; an offer of $1500 would not be refused;
$1000 can remain on mortgage. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1450— COTTAGE, the latest style; lot 40 feet
front; 5 minutes to business center; bank
mortgage on property $1350 at 8 per cent can
remain. J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. •_• .
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. . ' -
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; largn lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; ent rheap; cen-
trnl: CS9 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK, Oakland -Pickle Fact.. 1682 Grove.
BEAUTIFUL modern home, Vernon Heights;
15 rooms; superb views, garden, conservatory,
utable: special terms to right party. Address
• R. JOHNSON, 14 Sansome st., room 15, San
Francisco. '
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
Kites, $2 50 to $:',; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel, 864 Washington, V 4 block from station.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; \i month up. «70
BrriHdwnv.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
I HAAS' old store, 40S Eleventh st. See him.
FRIITVALE ItEAL ESTATE.
H. A PLKITNER, FRUITVALE STATION.
■ That's what war ; does! •- Worth - $3000 two
months ago. I was authorized to sell this
beautiful below : described property at the
very low. price of $2050 three weeks ago, and
now the owner Is willing to sell It for $1900.
• It consists of a 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath, fine' mantel, barn, choice fruit trees 2n
bearing, lot 50x150, located In the best-part of
Fruitvale: $100 cash, balance on your own
terms. For further Information apply at :
. H. . A. PLEITNER, FRUITVALE STATION.
. $1650— New story and a half cottage of 5
rooms and bath, fine mantel, reception hall,
rooms beautifully tinted and -frescoed, sani-
tary plumbing, lot 60x125;. streetwork all com-
plete. "■ ■ ■- -' •-'■■■■■
H. A. PLEITNER. FRUITVALE STATION.
$500— House of 4 rooms, fililcken houses, good
well, lot 75x110, all fenced. •ySs4S3BsB6tesa«jffi
H. A. PLEITNER, FRUITVALE STATION.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA real kstatk.
SPECIALNOTICE. ™~~~"
FIRST come, first sehved.
-UST like paying RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600, • $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. ". They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL, •
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday*.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS. ~~~ ™~~
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat houee; 4 rooms and
bath: any terms. . . •
$1500 — Lot 23x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled l-story
house: 6 rooms and bath.
$1600 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; naar school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
SNAP— New house ond bath: lot 50x150; good
location; :B minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapln st. '
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
• 35x116; 5 rooms and bath: all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alnmedn.'
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house, 7 rooms and re-
ception hall; right party cheap; owner going
East. 137S Weber St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
A HOUSE of 14 rooms In Alameda, suitable
for two families: large grounds; on corner
Eagle and Everett st. ; rent $23. Apply
'ItEAL, 142 8 Park Bt.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; cJso
6-room cottage, $1330. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta,
HOUSES TO LET.
A — BEAUTIFUL, sunny; 10 rooms and bath;
Golden Gate aye.; $30 to first-class tenant.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
AT 715, Sutter, near Taylor — Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker: workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined. "
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and basement;
2104 Perry st. ; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, — House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern Improvements.
CASTRO, 323, bet. Market and Sixteenth— Six
rooms and bath; water; $14; small family.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market Bt.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan — r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. |Vebster— r. and
b. ; modern improvements; $50.
HOUSE TO LET, Sacramento, 163<\ east of
Polk — A little gem, sun all day, .new, clean
and pretty, new chandeliers, marble and tile
lavatory, art windows, mahogany and oak
mantels, new cedar closets with mirrors. in
dours, porcelain bath-tub, with marble wash-
stand, servant' room, laundry, etc. In base-
ment. Postotlice and cross lines cable car
at door. Key on premises, 1 p. m. to-day.
HOUSE 7 rooms and bath; rent $15. Apply
626 Eddy at.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
SEVEN and S-room houses with bath; also sta-
ble; Eureka . St.. between Twentieth and
Twenty-first; rent $15 and $16. BALDWIN
& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. • ■ - ■■
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$25— HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden; base-
.ment; tiunny belt. 109 Cumberland St.. be-
tween 19th and £Oth, Guerrero and Dolores.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air i heaters throughout.
425 Baker st., cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
— SUNNY honse.'T rooms. bath and laundry;
yards for flbwers. DEMPSTER. -36 Glen
Pftrk aye.. off Twelfth st. '•
FURMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
A GENTLEMAN having a nlno-room furnished
house near city desires a tenant who w.uld
board him in exchange for rent. Address
box 2sO, Call office;
TWI > ladies will share pleasant sunny fur-
nished flat with small desirable family. Ad-
_ uifcbd A, box 56. Call ofnVe.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3>>24— Sunny cottage, h rooms; base-
ment; bath; yard.
CLIPPER, 3J>— A new cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; large yard and cellar; rent cheap.
COTTAGE, 2 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; Mill Valley; $15 lor 1 month, $25 for 2.
Apply at Postofflce, Mill Valley.
COTTAGE. 14 Ford St., off Sanchez, between
17th and lSth ; 5 rooms, bath; garden.
GROVE, 720—4 large sunny rooms; gas, bath,
hot water, sunny yard, garden.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; cheap. i*7>s 15th, nr. Dolores.
TWO cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, 153-155 Erie St.,
near Folsom, between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth; rent to suit times. Apply on premises.
FURMSHED COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished cottage (preferred) or
bouse with garden. In quiel and otherwise de-
sirable locality, within the following limits:
Buchanan. Vallejo, Post, Mason;
2 or 3 bedrooms;
Will pay $30 to $60 for right kind of housa.
Occupy August Ist to 10th; references.
Addi_ess bo» 189, Call office.
FLATS TO LKT.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
at 1703 Scott, NW. oor. Batter— 6 big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen; key at corner. 2300 Sutter st.
A NEW modern tint, 6 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 639 8 Minna st, bet. 7th and Bth.
BAY-WINDOW flat, 3 rooms and bath! 1016
Mason st.
!'.;•: A I 'TIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nience; $30. INS Geary st.
CENTRAL aye., 910, near Golden Gate aye.—
Sunny Hat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 625
Post Bt.
ELEGANT finished 7 and 8 room flats; modern
improvements. 1127 and 1129 Bush st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; large yard; stable.
Twenty-fourth and Treat aye.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 284 Harriet St., between
Harrison and Bryant, Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms and basement. 229 Olive
aye.
FOLBOM, 930. bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st".
FULTON, US— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HAVES, BSJ— Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; re
duced to $17.
HOWARD, 852-Brick bldg; 5 r. and b.; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
LANOTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, & rooms and
bath.
116 ! ,4 Perry st. ; $10; flat, 4 rooms.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market.
LEAVENWORTH, 1607— Upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath; newly papered and painted; $14.
McALLISTER, IOISA, near Buchanan— Sunny
Il.lt. 7 rooms and bath; cheap.
McALLISTER, 1263— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat. 7 rooms, bath; appreciated If seen.
McALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderlck— B r. and b. ;
rent $B. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery st.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent rea-
sonable. 3X79 Seventeenth St.. near Noe.
NEW sunny flats, 6 and 7 rooms; latest lm-
provemer.tH. 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st.
NICE sunny bay-window flat, new, for $1L 110
Valparaiso st, between Taylor and Jones.
NICE sunny flat. 3 rooms and bath. 1103 Bu-
chanan, corner Golden Gate aye.
I'AflK, Itiil -Nice order; 5-room upper flat, eta;
sunny; near park; desirable.
PINE, 706^ — Fine 6-ronm flat, $25; furniture
for sale, $36, or separate; fine moquette car-
pet, $12 .V); pet pug dog, $2 50.
POST. 60S. near Taylor— Lower part; 4 rooms;
unfurnished.
BHTPLET, near Sixth— Flats, 6 rooms and
bath; fit 50.
STBINBR, HOT, near Sutter— Bay-window
lower flat, 5 large rooms, bath; rent reduced.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
STORE and 4 rooms; also flats, 4 rooms ant
bath; rent $12 and $13. 1463, 1465, 1467 an(
1475 Fifteenth st. ■
SUPERIOR down-town flats, . 7 . and 9 rooms
strictly modern: sun In every room; larg<
closets; natural wood finish. Sl3 and 817 Hyde
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavia— r. and b.; $30
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
TWENTY-THIRD and Sanchez— 2 modern flats
4 and 3 rooms; bath and cellar each. ,
TWO flats and stable; rent reasonable. In-
quire S2O& Jessie st. , ;
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, bath. 210% Twelfth ,st
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. rent $16
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont
gomery st. , '
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glei
Park aye., $13, $14, $15, $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth _t. ;
$15 — 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 room:
and bath. -868 Twenty-second st.. nr. Bryant
$14—5 ROOMS. 724 Harrison St., between Thin
. $.nd Fourth.
$20 — NEW choice sunny flat: all latest 'Improve-
ments. 1708 Hyde St., near Broadway.
43 FURNISHED houses and flats, from 3 to 3»
rooms, in all parts of the city. A. M. SPECK
& CO. '
ROOMS FOX HOI s; i:i;ri N'.i.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete, for housekef 2. folding beds; 1 ir
kitchen ar.d 1 in bedroom, with suit to match
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable foi
4 or 5 persons. - Apply at shoe store. 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second sts.
AT Ellis, 557—2 or 3 furnished or unfurnishec
rooms for housekeeping.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and llghl
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 -0; day, 25 to 500
BARTLETT, 124— Furnished' .or . unfurnlshec
housekeeping rooms; sunny; reasonable.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dows and kitchens, Other rooms; ;$6 to $9.
EDDY, 607— Unfurnished bay : window alcove
light housekeeping permitted; modern tm
provements.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms furnished foi
housekeeping.
FILLMORE. 1219— Furnished housekeeping anc
Bingrle rooms to let. -' ■
FRANKLIN. 203, cor. Fell— 2 sunny furnishec
room«; bath, kitchen.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny parlors; piano
other suites, double and single; light house-
keeping. •■"'■'■ /.'■•. - '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Large sunny from
rooms; housekeeping;? front single.
GROVE. 202. corner Van Elegant Eunnj
2 and 3 room- suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, f.24— A nice alcove sunny room, suit-
able for two gentlemen or for light house-
keeping for man and wife; also a pleasant
large room for two gentlemen or light house-
keeping for man and wife.
HARRIETT. 3, off Howard— 2 sunny furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; also single bedroom;
cheap.
HOWARD, £25— Large front rooms complete
for housekeeping; also 2 others; reasonable.
JACKSON, 3019— 1n elegant residence, beauti-
ful double front room and kitchen; fur-
nished; bath; $20.
JONES, — 2 cozy, clean sunny front (hall
of cottage) furnished.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunnj
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN, Large . sunny front nicely fur
nished. fS; large back furnished, 1 or 2 per-
sons, $6. ■ "■ ' '■ . ■
MASON, 1111— Newly furnished suites; also sin-
gle rooms; light housekeeping If desired; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
MINNA, Furnished housekeeping rooms
piano free. ,
MINNA, B4o— To let; furnished rooms foi
housekeeping. ■
MISSION, £61,. near Second— Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 562—3 large sunny rooms; complete
•for housekeeping; furniture all new; $2 week.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished, light house-
keeping and others.
MISSION, 121!>— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete.
MISSION, 1301— Front room, with a kitchen
also 1 for $4. .-..•-. .... ,
NATOMA. 606—2 furnished rooms for house
. beeping;, also single rooms. . ■  - ■ • •/-;
NINTH, Front bay window suite;. gas, run-
ning water, oil or gas stove;- $15.
NINTH, 135—4 or 5 nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; all sunny and front-
Ing on street; rent reasonable to family o!
adults. i . .
OAK, 119—1 small front room, furnished foi
light housekeeping for 2, .$5.- , .
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— window ant
kitchen; gas stove; bath; $14.
PAGE, 484—3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished oi
unfurnished; rent low; Inquire 9 to 12.
POLK, 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; $18.
SECOND. 615— A sunny furnished ' floor, 3 rooms
an dbath; rent $14. .
SHIPLEY. 261— Four rooms: $6. Apply premises
or 1151 Guerrero; no children; no animals.
SIXTH, 314— Front baywlndow suite : with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $13.
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth Two room-
complete for housekeeping; to parties with-
out children, cheap. _^
THIRD.. 309— Large furnished room for house-
keeping, $6 to $7: single front room, $5 to $6.
TURK, Large front room; stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TURK, 810— newly sunny furnished room;
use of kitchen. . \
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; private family.
TWENTY-FOURTH, Large sunny house,
8 rooms, bath, large garden, lawn, etc.
VALENCIA, Three furnished rooms, light
housekeeping; $10. ■■
WASHINGTON, 1025%— Unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. ■ " • ■■ ..
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LOWER floor; 3 clean sunny rooms; separate
entrance; nice grounds; central. 615 15th st.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. trunks
moved to any part of city, 23c; tel. Main. 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; flr_t-cla__
in every respect; terms reasonable.
A.T 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, B_?'_ and Mason
— Choice; sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O' FarreH— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable. .
AT 416 O'Farrell— sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BOWIE aye., 8. off • Eleventh.- near Howard—
,4 rooms to lei; rent reasonable.
3USH, 700 H. cor. Powell— furnished sun-
ny corner suite of rooms; also single; $7- up.
CALIFORNIA, 1255—8 sunny rooms in the best
part of town; cheap. > '
CLEMENTINA, Furnished front' room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; cheap.
"LEMENTINA. 434%— Large furnished room
with use of parlor; $3 50 per month.
CLIFFORD, .204, Kills cor. Mason— Sunny suits
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 143S Market— Furnished or un
furnlshed single and double rms.; $S,'slo,mo.
3DDY, Pleasant front suite; 2 beds; other
clean, sunny rooms;- $6 up; quiet. ..
SDDY, 207— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms;, privilege light housekpg; $5 mo. up
3DD V, 603— Unfurnished ' sunny room; laundry ;
yard; cheap; no children: -
3LLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week
<"IFTH, 353— Furnished single, $4 and $5; al_o 3
rooms and bath for housekeeping. . . /
"iII. SUM, 820, near Fourth— week and up;
nice, . clean/ sunny single and double rooms.
3E ARY, 405 • (The" Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. ■■•.-■■
3IRARD •; House, : cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
Bunny rme. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable
JLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 tos4; reading room; Howard cars.
tRAND SOUTHERN. S. - E. ' cor.: Seventh and
Mission—Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite anc
single: . elevator; moderate rates; families. |
SOLDEN ■ GATE aye.. 61S— Sunny parlor and
piano, with board ; for 2, $45. ;:;.;.
SOLDEN i. GATE aye., Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running: water; prl-
vate .family;. treasonable., . . ■
lANCOCK House. 781 : Mission— Select family
rooming: house; $1 50 to $6 per week.- : :
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HYDE,' 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every (respect; terms reasnble.
ISIS, 1, between Twelfth and Thirteenth. Fol-
som and Harrison— Flat' 4 rooms, with stable.
JESSIE, Sunny furnished rooms, with use
of kitchen.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LAFAYETTE, 31, between Eleventh and
— Unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 450— Neat furnished room, with large
closet;- rent %i. - • .
MINNA, E23 — For rent, 2 unfurnished rooms.
MINNA, 6C7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION, 1130— One large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also single room; rent reason-
able.
MISSION, 1729%. near Thirteenth— Front room
and kitchen; use of piano, bath and laundry.
MONTGOMERY, Sunny rooms to let.
NICELY furnished rooms; family or single,
with board or without; nice view of the ocean
and Golden Gate. Apply to R. MENGES,
- Ocean , Terrace. Sutro-.Hcights.
O'FARRELL, .20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
v ator, electric lights, day, week or month. ;
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
i for housekeeping; running -water; yard.
SEVENTH, 242— Two or three furnished house-
keeping rooms..  ... . ..- ..
SEVENTEENTH, 3436,. near Valencia— Parlor
floor, 3 sunny furnished rooms; large yard;slS.
6HER.Ma.\ Apartment House,' 21 Eighth at.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, Sunny furnished rooms from
$5 up. ■ . .
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man. ■' -• -T.- -»:??: "~
TURK, : — Large . front ■ sunny . room for an
.■office; also housekeeping. ■; .-. , ■.-:-.
TURK, 126— Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman ; %i> per month; private -and quiet.
TURK, 259— Sunny furnished room, with board;
gas and bath; suitable for gentlemen.
TURK, Nicely furnished single and double
.■rooms, $6 month up; bath, gas; housekeeping.
$4 A MONTH; bed and sitting room combined;
sunny; gentleman; furnished. Box 455. Call.
UOOiMS AND HOARD.
BUSH. 822— Elegantly furnished fTontTsunny
bay-window room; first-class board;- home
cooking; gas; bath; running water; piano; use
of private team; telephone; summer rates.
EDDY, Front sunny room with or with-
out board; private family; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private bearding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 1105(Hotel Victoria)— sunny rooms;
bath, gns, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
LOVELY sunny rooms for 2 or 3; board; pri-
vate. 3002 California st.
SUTTER, Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Bingham, 807 California— Sunny . rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
TWO musicians can have very pleasant home
in private family with studio; central. Box
■310, Call. -
VALENCIA, .1036— Irving .will be opened
the let of August as a first-class family
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; with large grounds;
In warm belt of Mission; reasonable terms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
A LADY having nice home would like child
to board; object company. Apply 459 Minna
. St., near Sixth.
CHILD to board: best care; good home; terms
$10. .1034 McAllister ., st.
WIDOW would like 2 children' to board; fur-
nlshed room for parents. 51 Clara st.
FRENCH lady boards children' or infant;
mother's care: nice home. 1107 Clay st.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, Large light store; ' $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery. st.
TURK, 422. near Larkin— Store; $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St. ' , i
CORNER store on Geary St.." near Taylor; rent
reduced. Apply 544 Geary st.
OOLDEN GATE AYE.. 1234— store; flx-
tures complete and 6 living-room!" • rent rea-
sonable. . .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1154— Store; 4 rooms;
eultable for a barber shop.
LARKIN, 704— Large light store; rent $25.
MARKET. 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
STORE— 34OO Mission st.. cor. Thirtieth: rent
<2S. Apply, to MRS. HORSTMAN, 7 Thirtieth.
STORE, fixtures, showcase; suitable for candy
and bakery: 4 living rooms in rear; rent rea-
sonable. 2848 Folsom st.
~~~ OFFICES TO LETT ~
EMSTA PPRE"cK^LS^uUo^n"gT^2V^l^ri^t^st^
'Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent. -
-- __________________
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and' 4o Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. tel. S, 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 463
Stevenson st. ;. tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. ■.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. :
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The "Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORAGE. ~~~~
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage "and Moving Co,
■ office Tenth and Market;. telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
ngß warehouse. 840 Mission St.: tel. Mint IS2I.
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW Hammond, $35; Callgraph, $?sT"yos^s2s;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for: samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 ■ Market; diseases of women a specialty.
ALASKA ENTER PRISES.
FOR SALE— to Davrson City and a year's
provisions. Apply at ISOI Market- st. ■ ,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses !iave been .issued as follows:
Chung Ho Gee and Ah Suey Sing 3S-18
Augustine Keller and Nellie Leary 40-32
Michael Rogers and Lillie Manning 2S-20
Joseph McNelll and Sarah A. Miles .;...;. 40-37
William H. Henckel and Dora S. Eggeru..37-37
Joeeph'J. Schwarz and ' Josephine Hea1y... 19-18
George A. McDougall and Grace E. : Hare.. 24-18
RicKard W. Pearson and Nanna Binford.. 2l-28
A. F. Anderson and Alice S. Johnson. 35-23
Charles N. Paul and Lizzie Larkin ...:.. 23-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, ~' marrlaze and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They' must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
RORN.
BLANCHARD— In this city, July 22, 1898, •to
the wife of Milton E. Blanchard, a daughter
COHELAN— In this city, July 4, IS9S, to the
wife of D. S. Cohelan, a son. ."■•
DALY— this city, July 11, 189S, to th« wife
of Thomas M. Daly, a son. .
DOWD— In Mill Valley, July 9, IS9B, to the
; wife of C. J. Dowd, twin daughters.
FICK— this city. July 20, 1898, to the wife
of Charles Fick, a son. •
GILLIGAN— In this city, July 22, 1898, to the
■ wife of John T. Gilligah, a daughter.
GOLINSKY— JuIy 17, IS9S, to the wife of.E. 1
: Gollnaky, a daughter. . - , .
HOGAN— In this city. July 10, IS9B, to the wife j
of Lieutenant Charles J. Hogan, a son. /
MCCARTHY— this city, July 13. IS9S, to the I '
wife of Charles P. McCarthy, . a daughter.
MANN— To the wife of A. Mann\Jr., a son.
MULLER— In Fitchburg, Alameda Count, July
22, 1898, to the wife of J. H. W. Muller, a son. s
MUSANTE— In this city, July 14, 189S, to the
, wife of Louis Musante, a son.
NIELSEN— JuIy 18, IS9B, to the wife of Cap-
tain Fred Nielsen, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city, July 14, 1898, to the
wife of, Matthew O'Brien, a daughter.
O'DAY— In this city, July 9, 1898, to the wife of
Harry J. O'Day. a daughter.
ROBERTS-In this city, July 22, IS9S, to thf
wife of Thomas F. Roberts, a son.
SMITH— In this city. July IS, IS9S, to the wlf.
of C. J. Smith, a daughter.
VUCOSANLIEVICH— In this city. July 19, 1898.
to the wife of Splro Vucosanlievich, a son.
WARD— In this city. June 19, IS9S, to the wife
of James A. Ward, a daughter.
WALLACE— In this city, July 23, IS9B, to tha
wife of Captain Albert Wallace, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HAHN— DE VERE— JuIy 7. 1898, by the Rev.
J. Fuendeling. ' H. C: Hahn of Oakland and
• Carrie A. De Vere of Sacramento.
MACDONALD— WOLF— In this city. July 20,
IS9B, by Judge E. A. Belcher, William Mac-
donald and Alice S. -Wolf.
DIED.
Campbell, Joseph Moran, Annie
Clark, Stephen J. Mullarkey. John
Cochrane, Charles W. Mundt, Adolph
- Crawford, Mrs. Ann Murphy, James
. Crelghton, Raymond Nelson, Emanuel J.
Follett, George A. Neumann, Minna
Hallanan, John O'Day, Dennis J.
, Kendall. Mrs. Belle Pearce, ,
La Faille, Samuel J. Penna. -Victoria
Livesay. Hill Stapler, Solon S.
McLarkey, John Trautner. Louisa
Martin, . Horace H. Walthour, Helen
CAMPBELL— In Petaluma, July 21, IS9B, Jo«
seph, beloved husband of Lucy Campbell, and
' father of Harold R. Campbell, a native of
Scotland, aged 67 years.
C?" Funeral at " Petaluma this day (Sun-
. ■ day), at 1 o'clock.
CLARK— In Santa Rosa. July 22, 1898, Stephen
J. Clark, father of James E. and Roy . M.
Clark/ and Mrs. A. L. Whiting, a native of
New York, aged 67 years. ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown, 46S Thirteenth street, Oak-
land, under the auspices of California Lodge
■ No. 1, A. O. U. W. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
COCHRANE— In this city, July 23, 1898, Charles
W.. dearly beloved son of John and Ophelia
Farrington Cochrane, and brother of Ophelia
and Elsie B. Cochrane, a native of Santa
Clara County, Cal., aged 15 year 10 months
' and 14 days.
CRAWFORD— this city, July 23, IS9?. Mrs.
Ann Crawford, beloved mother of Mrs. K.
' Schetzel and Mrs. J. C. Spencer, a native of
Ireland, aged 6" years.
(_3*Notlce of eral hereafter.
CREIGHTON— InNovaio. Marin County, Cal.,
Raymond W., beloved son of Thomas F. ana
. Annie Crelghton, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 7 months and 7 days.
j "'Notice of funeral herrafter.^.
FOLLETT— In Montana. July 21, 1838, George
A., dearly beloved son of Mrs. P. A. Fol-
lett,- and brother of Edwin E. Follett, a na-
tive of Colorado, aged 19 years 5 months and
21 days.
HALLANAN— In this city, July 21. IS9S. John
Hallanan, a native of County ' Galway, Ire-
land, aged 69 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to view the remains at the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, this day (Sunday), as the body will
be shipped to New York at 5 o'clock p. m.
KENDALL— In this city. July 23, 189 S. Mrs.
Belle Kendall, aged 30 years. ,
(T7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
LA FAILLE— In this city, July 22, IS9B, Samnel
J., beloved husband of the late Julia La
Faille, and father of Mrs. A. Comte Jr. and
Marie E., Frank H., Henry A. and Samuel
La Faille Jr.. a native of Saint Jean.^prov-
ince of Quebec, aged GS ; ears 4 months and
6 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lato
I residence, 3320 Twenty-second street, near Va-
lencia, thence to St. Paul's .Church, corner
of Twenty-ninth and Church streets. . Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LIVESAY— In this city, July. 21, 1898, Hill
Livesay, - a native of Illinois, aged 4S years.
([^■Remains at the funeral parlors of ; H.
C. Bunker & Co., 2C66 Mission street, Mission
Masonic Temple. -
McLARKEY— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 23, IS9S, John McLarkey, a native of
Ireland, aged 56 years.
MARTIN— In this city, July 21. 1838. Horace
H. Martin, beloved brother of Russell R. and
. Lucien L. Martin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years and 24 days. A member of
Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. S. G. W.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under, the auspices of
Mlsbion Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M., from
the Mission Masonic Temple, 266S Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co., Mission Masonic Temple.
MORAN— In this city, July 23,. 1898, Annie,"
dearly beloved wife of John Moran, and sis-
ter of Mrs. K. O'Meara and Owen and Nora
Murray, a native of Ireland.
E7"FTiends» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi.-
denee. 315 Ivy avenue, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, • where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MULLARKEY— this city. July' 23, 1898,
John, beloved husband of Minnie Mullarkey,
father of John, Maggie and James Mullar-
key, . and brother .of Mrs. Moiiaghan, . a na-
tive of Sligo, Ireland, aged 51 years". : . ' •
MiXDT— In this city, July 22, IS9S, Adolph
Mundt, a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
[C7"FTlends and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall, South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic, Cemetery.
MURPHY— In Port Costa, July 21. 1898, James
Murphy, beloved brother of Dennis Murphy
of San Francisco, Daniel and John Murphy
of Montana, Michael Murphy and Mrs. J.
Crowley of Port Costa, and nephew of Dennis
and Patrick Murphy and the late Mrs. Kear-
ney,- a native of •' the parish of Paheragh,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 24 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:45 o'clock train from Port
Costa, arriving at Market-street ferry, San
Francisco", at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, July 22, 1898, Emanuel
\ John Nelson, beloved father of Willie, Myr-
tle and Albert Nelson, . and brother of Mrs.
D. C. Fox, Amlle Nelson of Columbia, Georga
' Nelson, Mrs. E. L. Fitzgerald. 'Ihomas, Her-
man and Willie Nelson, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 39 years.
N'EVMAXX- In this city, July 22, 189S, Minna,
beloV*d^,wlfe of Joseph Neumann, mother of
Gustave", Solomon, Louis and Abraham Neu-
mann, and sister of Mrs I. Neumann, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 72 years and 14. days.
Friends and , acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atttend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
residence of her son. 1416 Vallejo street, be-
tween Polk and Larkin. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
)'DAY— In this city, July 22, 1898, Dennis J.,
beloved husband of the late Jane O'Day, and
father of John F., Edward T.. James H.,
Robert E. and Teresa O'Day and Mrs. Mich-
ael McNeil, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, . aged 66 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEARCE— In England, beloved hus-
band of Mary Pearce, and father of Percy
and Forrest Pearce, a native of Helston,
Cornr.all. England, aged 36 years.
PENNA — the City and County Hospital,
July 22, • 1898, Victoria Penna, a native "of
-Mexico, aged 52 years.
STAPLER— In this city, July . 23, 1898, Solon
S., beloved husband of Lula B. Stapler, ■
father of Elane F. Stapler, and brother of
Charles Stapler of St. Louis Park. Minn., a
native of Columbia, Ga., aged 36 years 8
months and 25 days.
'RAUTNER— In this city. July 22, 1898, Louisa,
beloved wife of Charles Trautner, and mother
of Gustave A., Theodore. ' Rudolph. Louisa
and Adelina Trautner, a native of Germany,
.aged 60 years: "
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 516 Stockton street, between Bush and
Pine. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
VALTHOUR--In this city. July 22,1898, Helen,
beloved daughter of Frank and Dottle. Wal-
thour. a native of San Francisco, aired 4
months and 22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock^ from her late resi-
dence, 72 Natoma street. Interment - Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
PITT — my many friends and acquaintances
and especially the officers and members of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and th»
Vereln Eintracht, who gave so many evi-
dences of their heartfelt and comforting sym-
pathy during my late bereavement of father,
F' O. • Witt, I-deplre to -return my sincere
thank 3: HENRY E. WITT. Son.
IMcAVOY GALLAGHER.
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS _ E_IBA__IEB3 I
Vi 11TTH ST., Opp. Lincola SjhwL
Telephone, South 80. |
JAB. ENGLTPH ' T. R. C ARETV.
CAREVV & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAI.MER3.
. FUNERAL ; DIRECTORS.
41 Van NsjM aye.. near Market at., Ba*
"ranelßco. Telephone So. 168. .
Ectab. TB6S. Tel. $cuth «T.
DRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funcrnl Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. (Spacious chapel for t_« ass
t our patrons. Rubber Urea on our am butanes.
1314
ASSISTED BY
THE STARTER
Fluke Win Scored by
Kcmurasaki.
BRINGS DOWN THE SEAGULL
KAHEB CONTINUES TO PILOT
FIRST HORSES.
Algol, at Twelve to One in the Bet
ting, Takes the Wheeler Handi
cap at the Washington
Park Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, July 23.— There was a
large crowd ■■< Brighton Beach to-day.
irasaki, 1 • lutsidera in the
.:. t > a neck from
King, thanks to the starter, who
them awa} badly, and to Manor,
. : on th( upper
turn. 1 ■ the race out.
f£«^ 2 1
7 to 2 1
Woodranger. 9$ i James), IB to 1 and 5 to 1.. 2
Premier, 11 (Taral). 9 to 5 3
Time, l:l4Vi-
Atl • Giles Shine, Belle of
: ■ ran.
Second race, five furlong,.
Captain Sigsbee. 113 (Murphy), 5 to J 1
Helen Thomas. OT (Thorn), S to 1 and 3 to 1.. 2
Federal, 102 (Maher), 3 to 1 3
Tin 1:01 Vi-
La Peniteme, Beljcravia, Kusher, Hold L"p,
Annie Dlxon and ounseloi Wernberg also ran.
Third race, six furlongs.
Panforth. 102 (Maher). even 1
Fleeting Gold. 97 (Jones), 11 to o and 4 to 5.. 2
Tanls., Uu*(Dofc-gi'tt). 10 to 1 i
Time, 1:14.
Governor Budd. Concord, Princess of India.
Red Spider, Dr. FHzgibbons and Master James
also ran.
Fourth race, one mile.
Rondo, 117 (Tarali, 3 to 1 1
Royal Stag:. 123 (Murphy), 9 to 10 and 1 to 3.. 2
Jefferson. 9.", <Dup< 15 to 1 3
Time. 1:42V4-
L*nnep and Sensational also ran.
Fifth race. Seagull handicap, one mile:
Komurafakl, 104 (Maher). 7 to 1 1
Sallui King, 117 (DcEgett), 3 to . and 7 to 10.. 2
Whistling Con. 114 (Hamilton). 12 to 1 3
Time. 1:41.
Rlr.aldo II and Sanders also ran.
Sixth race, selling, five furlongs:
Tut Tut, 10S (O'Leary). 7 to 1 1
Cormorant. 116 (Taral). 2 to 5 and out 2
Leando. 112 (E. . m s), 10 to 1 3
Time, l:o2ri.
Savory, Sir Kenneth, Colonel Tunny an 1 Fast
Black also ran.
Seventh race, handicap, steeplechase, full
B*aufo!t, 137 (Chandler), 3 to 1 1
Royal Scarlet. 133 'Johnson), ' to 1 an,l 2 to 1. 2
Enuorry, 143 (Mattocks). 10 to 1 3
Time. 5:18! i.
Decapod finished first but was disqualified.
Trillion, Ollndo. El Cld and Baby Bill also
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— Weather warm: track
First race, one and a quarter mil
Minerva. H (Lir.. 6 to 1 1
Gomez. ICI (J. McDonald). 7 to 1 and 5 to 2... 2
Mrs. Bradshaw, 104 (C. Combs), 20 to 1 3
Time. 2:10« i.
Lord Neville, The arrot Mouthed, Briggs,
Pawnee, Susie Lllard. Jim Henry, Ransom.
Dcs Moinea, Bill Dawdy, -Miss Chambers and
King's Pawn also ran.
Second race, one and a quarter miles:
V/eenatrhie. 104 (C. Combs). 9 to 1 1
King Elkwood, 103 (Dunn), 8 to 1 and 3 to 1.. 2
Connie Lee, S2 (Southerd), 20 to 1 3
Time. 2:10.
Overland, Laura May. Powbatta, Stella B,
Tewanda, Leaseman and Tulare also ran.
Third race, one and a quarter miles.
Confeei 102 (J. McDonald), 0 to 5 1
Demosthenes, 31 (Gormley), IS to : and 4 to 1..2
Jlnrqulfe, N (Frost), S to 1 3
Time, 2:11.
Prince of India, Lulu Fry, Chlqulta II and
Veloce also ran.
Fourth race. Felling:, mile and seventy yards.
Forbush, 92 (C. Cla.y>. 9 to 1 ". 1
Trebor, 76 (Dugan), 30 to 1 and 8 to 1 2
Jmige Steadman, 95 fC. Murphy), 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:474.
Helen 11. Gardner, Gotobed, Forsythe and Ca
brlllo also ran. :-.
Fifth race. Owners' handicap, one and a six
teenth miles.
Crocket, 92 (Lines), S to 6 1
Laureate. 83 (Watson). 12 to I and 2 to 1 2 I
Ed Forrell, 102 (Snell). 13 to 6 3
Time, 1:48%.
Colonel Gay also started, but-broke down.
Sixth race. selllnK, seven furlongs.
Fireside, 105 <J. McDonald), 13 to 8 1
Loving Cup. 9S (Lines), 9 to 5 and 7 to 10 2
Lady Hamilton, 105 <C. Combs), 7 to 1 3
Time, 1:29.
Tragedy, Matchmaker, I The Planet, Miss
Verne and I'lcarona al?o ran.
Beventh race, mile and twenty yards.
Guide Hock, 91 (Frost), 8 to 5 1
Klsme, 102 (J. McDonald), 16 to 5 and even. ..2
Linda. 10J (C. Combs), barred 3
Sir Rolla, 91 (Lines), 2 to 1 ...4
Time. 1:43.
Belle Bramble, Countess Irma and Parole
dOr also ran.
CHICAGO. July 23.— The last day at
Washington Park brought out some ex
. good racing. Schorr's Top
gallant colt, Algol, took the Wheeler
handicap, the richest of the Washing
ton Park stakes outside of the Derby,
In a common gallop. He led from end
to end and finished in great form, tying
the world's record fur tho distance by
running the mile and a quarter in
2:04%.
First race. five furlongs — Frank Bf>!l
(3 to 1) won. Queen of Song (8 to 5) second,
Boney Boy third. Time, 1:01%.
Second race, Bix furlongs— St. Alfonses D (15
to li won, Baraterla (3 to 1) second, Ferrol
third. Time. 1:15.
' Third race, one nnrl a quarter miles, "Whf-eler
handicap, $4000 added— Algol (12 to 1) won,
Ooodricn (8 to 6) second. rink Coat third.
Tin,.-. 2:O4M>.
Fourth race, one Charlie Christy (8 to
1) won, Hugh Penny (7 to 10) second, Dunols
third. Time, 1:39 H.
Fift^i race, one and a Rlxteenth miles — Donna
Ttita 1 7 to 2) won, The Elector (3 to 2) second.
Imp. Ffl.llf? Hurke third. Time, U4S%
Sixth race, six furlongs— Melter (8 to B) won
Pan Rice (3 to 6) second, Don Quixote third.
Time, l:!4'f.
BUTTI3, Mont., July 23.— First race, seven
furlongs Ball Ister won. Estro second. Duke of
York third. Time, 1;29H.
Second race, five furlonsrs — Montana won, Rey
Ilooker second. El Mldo third. Time, 1:02V4-
Third race, six furlongs— Lucky Star won,
Etta H second, Watomba third. Time, 1:14.
Fourth race. Hot Times stakes, four and a
half furlongs— l Don't Know won. Valenclenne
eecond, Omah Wood third. Time, MM .
Fifih race, one and a quarter miles—
won. Barracan second. Imp. Devil's Dream
third. Time, 2:05V4.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, hurdle
handicap— Vlklner won, J O C second Tuxedo
third. Time, 2:C7%.
MICHAEL BEATS LINTON
IN THE MATCH RACE
NEW YORK, July 23.— Jimmy Mi
chael met Tom Linton of Wales at the
Manhattan Beach cycle track to-day in
a twenty-five mile pac^d race, and
beat his opponent, in the presence of
more than 15,000 spectators. His de
feat on last Saturday through the
bursting of a tire was not looked upon
as a defeat by any means by the
midgetta friends, and to-day thousands
of dollars Wf-re bet and won on the
"rare-bit." Michael was the favorite
in the betting, odds of 100 to 80 being
freely laid on his chances. There was
plenty of Llnton money, however, and
in the history of cycling there has
never been such a large amount wa
gered on a contest.
There was very little wind ,and every
thing favored an excellent race. How
ever, no records were even equaled, as
both riders indulged in a good deal of
Jockeying in the early part of the race.
Some of the individual miles were cov
ered in excellent time, the ninth mile
being run in 1:38 4-5. In the last lap
Linton's men swung out and flew past
Michael, amid deafening cheers and
frenzied cries. Linton maintained his
advantage for nearly a mile until he
lost his pacemakers. Michael, who was
then riding like a little demon, passed
his opponent ar.d rode away from him.
This set-back evidently took the heart
out of Linton. and Michael fin
ally crossed the tape a winner by about
17Q yards.
The half-mile League of American
Wheelmen national championship for
professionals was won by C). L. Stevens
of Ottumwa, lowa. He beat Arthur
Gardiner by half a wheel in the final
heat. Eddie Bald whs six inches be
hind C,ardinor, and Tom Cooper, who
finished fourth, was only a few inches
back of the HufY.i !■> rider.
The two-mile professional handicap
was captured by (lardlner, who beat
Major Taylor by a length and a half
and established a new world's record
for the distance, under handicap condi
tions, as h<* covered the two miles in
4:l^ 4-6. Riser of Dayton Ohio, with
an allowance of twenty yards, finished
third and beat Bald out. th" other
scratch man, by half a length for third
honors.
LEADING TEAMS BEAT
THE LESSER LIGHTS
NATIONAL LEAGTE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. PC. Clubs— W. L. Pe.
Cincinnati ...56 2S .66<j|Pltti5burg ....4S 39 .524
Boston 53 29 .6*6? Philadelphia 37 41 .474
Cleveland ....SO 31 .617 Brooklyn ....32 47 .405
Baltimore . ...)7 32 1 Washington .30 51 .S7O
Chicago 46 39 .641 Louisville ....2S 53 .332
New Y0rk. ...43 37 .MSISt. Louis 24 61 .282
NEW YORK, July 23.— Seymour pitched
great hall and was given the best of sup
. port. The Orioles batted him rather freely
the first three innings, but after that
he allowed them but tw^ hits. The Giants
began Bcoring in the third and kept it up
by the "hit and -run" process until the
game ended. Joyce and Kelly were put
out of the game f,or kicking. Attendance
5500. Score:
Clul R. H. ft.
New V.irk S 13 1
Baltimore -...0 7 2
Bs>tterl»s— Seymour and \V;irnef; McJames
and Robinson. Umpires Lynch and Andrews.
CLEVELAND, July 23.— 1s bell' 8 wild
ness was manly responsible for the de
■ feat of Chicago to-day, the home team
always hitting when he had filled the
bases: Attendance 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H E.
Cleveland 4 10 0
Chicago 2 7 3
Batteries— Young and Zimmer; Isbell and
1 Chance. Umpires— McDonald and O"L>ay.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The BrooWyns
wen '■ iten by Boston to-day through
their Inability to connect with Nichols"
pitching. Attendance IGOO. Score:
Club*— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 8 5 3
Boston 4 9 4
Batteries — Kennedy and Ryan; Ntchola and
Bergen. Umpires— Bwartwood and Wood.
PHILADELPHIA. July 23.— The Phil
lies, through superior fielding and team
hitting, defeated Washington to-day. At
tendance SSOO. Score:
Cluba R. 11. E.
Phlladephla 6 10 1
Washington , 2 S 4
Batterle* Plntt nnl Murphy; Mercer, Dono
van and McGulre. Umpires— and Con
nollly.
PITTSBURG, July 23.— 80 th teams
played snapny ball and the pitcners did
; excellent work. Attendance 3500. Score:
ids— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 6 4
Cincinnati 3 9 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and Sehriver: IJawley
and Peltz. Umpires GalTney and Brown.
TACOMA, July Score:
Clubs- R. }l E
Tar.,m.'i I] t> 4
Portland 4 6 11
SPOKANE, July 23.— Score:
Clubi ■ P.. H. E
S 9 0
3 4 2
CORBETT AND M'COY
POST THEIR FOFEITS
NEW YORK, July 23.— A most im
portant detail in clinching the match
between "Kid" McCoy and "Jim" Cor
bett was attended to to-night, when
representatives of the boxers deposited
$2500 each with Al Smith, the stake
holder.
The Hawthorne Club of Buffalo, un
der whose auspices the mill will be
decided, placed a similar amount with
Smith and premised that the remainder
of the $20,000 purse would be in Smiths
hands a week before the fight. McCoy
was present when the money was given
tn Smith.
There is some talk thai "Honest"
John Kelly has decided not to act as
referee. He refused to discuss the sub
ject to-day. Gray declares Kelly's re
fusal will not interfere with the fight.
It is likely "Jimmy" Colvlile of Boston
will be asked to officiate.
CANADIANS WIN THE
FINAL CRICKET MATCH
OMAHA, July 23.— The Northwestern
Cricket Association's tournament came
to a close with a one-inning match be
tween the United States and Canada,
which the latter won by 136 to 121.
Bannaty's bowling for the victors
was the feature, he capturing seven
wicketfl for 42 runs, bowling 3S overs
and having IS maidens. All the Cana
dians batted well, but only Davis and
Bed Low, both Chicago men, were able
to do anything for the losers. Davis
put together 41 in ripplnz* style, and
was caught out on a long drive to long
stop. Beddow batted very carefully for
28. and was caught out by Paile at
shortstop, in a most sensational one
handed grab of a blazing hot drive.
The fielding or the losing side was a
trifle weak, but the visitors did not let
a chance escape and allowed only one
bye.
CLOSE RACE FOR THE
CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP
VIENNA, July 23.— The thirty
seventh round of the international
chess tournament was played to-day.
At the time of taking the usual recess
l.ipke cind Schlechter had drawn,
while Baird had lost to Blackburne and
"Wuibrodt to Schiffert,.
After recess Halprln and Steinitz,
Burn and Janowski and Maroezy a.nd
Tsohigortn drew. Shoch lost to Show
alter, Baird to Blackburne, Trenchard
to Pillsbury and Alapin to Tarrasch.
Schlechter, who has finished all his
games, gets the fifth prize; Janowski
is certain of the third prize and Stsinitz
the fourth. Pillsbury and Tarrasch
are tied for the lead in games won, but
the latter has suffered one more de
feat. The final will be played Monday.
Six Additional Stakes.
DT'BT'QUE, la., July 23.— The Nut
wood Driving Club has added six addi
tional stakes to the fourteen already
filled for the meeting in this city, Au
gust 22-27. as follows: Two-thirty-five
trot, 2:20 trot, 2: 35 pace, $1500 each; $2500
for-all-trot and free-for-all pace, $2500
each, making a total of twenty stakos
with pursfs aggregating $31,000. A con
tract has been marie with John Hussey
to manage the Nutwood Park after this
season.
Sims Goes a Fast Mile.
WASHINGTON. July 23.-At the Park
Bicycle Club race meet to-night Fred
Sims broke the mile handicap record. He
made the distance in two minutt-3 r«
pUicing the record of 2:00 1-5, made by
Johnson in Baltimore three weeks ago.
Grand Marshal Borlini Banqueted.
r . The members of the parade committee
of the Fourth of July committee gave, a
barret last night to Al Borlinl, the
grana marshal. In the banquet ha l of tho
California Hotel, and presented him with
a diamond studded flag.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
THE SA:N FRAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJXY 24, 1898.
WINNERS IN
THE REGATTA
Close Finishes in Three
of the Events.
PHILADELPHIANS IN FRONT
TWO OF THE CHAMPIONSHIPS
THEIR PORTION.
Barge Club's Crew Captures the
Eight-Oared Shell by a Few
Feet After a Grand
Struggle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— The sec
ond and last day of the annual regatta
of ihr> National Association of Amateur
Oarsmen saw what was probably the
finest series of races ever seen at a na
tional regatta. In three events only a
few feet separated the first and second
crews. The most sensational race of
the day was the eight-oared shell,
j which the Pennsylvania Barge club's
champion eight captured from the
Argonauts of Toronto by a few feet af
i ter a grand struggle.
The weather whs perfect. Between
30,000 and 40.000 persons congregated
along the river to watch the races. Two
of the championships were captured by
Philadelphia crews. Ten Eyck won the
senior single championship, while the
Western Boating Club of St. Louis car
; ried off the honors of the intermediate
four-oared shell race. The Argonauts
■ > Wired the senior international four
oarod shell event, and Amos Kubik of
Springfield, Mass., won the inter
mediate single scull race. In the inter
mediate four-oared shell race the Za
wanaka crew of New York was ruled j
out for not correctly turning the three
quarter Hag.
There were three starters in the
intermediate four-oared race. St.
Louis Ipil at the start, with Zawanaka
second and the Argonauts third. The
difference between tlie first and last !
crews at the half-mile Mag was only
a length and a half. The Western men
rowed a much better race than they
did yesterday. At the turn they were
two strokes in front of the Zawanakas,
who failed to turn their stake properly, i
The Argonauts were two lengths be- i
hind. The race from th^ mile flag to
the finish was a grand one. The New
Yorkers caught the St. Louis men j
Bhortly after the turn and held them
to the finish. The result was in doubt
until the judges announced that th.-
Westerners had won by one second.
The Zawanakas were ruled out, how
ever, for their error at the turning
stake, and second place was given to
the Argonauts.
The eight-oared shell race was th^
i most sensational that was ever rowed
lon the national course. The crews that
i faced the starter were the Worcester
i High School of Worcester, Mass., Falr
! mounts of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Barge Club of Philadelphia arid Ar
gonauts of Toronto. Not one of these
eights had ever been defeated. From
the three-quarter flag to th<-' flm
point it was a magnificent struggle be
tween the Philadelphia^ champions
and the Argonauts. By a gr?md spurt
Pennsylvania managed to cross the
line first, five feet in front of the Cana
dians. The time, 7:40;, , is thr> lv-st
ever made over this course under sim
ilar conditions. Worcester was three
lengths behind the Canadians.
Senior single srulls, final— E. 11. Ten
Eyck, "tt'achusett Boat Club, first: E. A.
Goldman, Argonaut Hr«a» Club, second;
! CharW H. Lewis, Wachusett Boat Club,
third. Time, 9:69.
Intermediate four-oared shell race—
Argonaut Boat Club, Toronto, won; Ariel
Rowing Club. Baltimore, second. Time,
7:lv < >:;!> two started.
Intermediate double sculls — Bachelors'
Barge Club, Philadelphia, first; Harlem
Rowing Club, New York, second. Time,
8:42.
Senior four-oared shells— Western Row-
Ing i"iub, St. Louis, won; Zawanaka Boat
; Club, Brooklyn, second. Time, 9:22.
Intermediate singles — Amos Kubikj
Springfield Boat Club, won; Mnrc C. Da
vis, Harlem Rowing Club, New York,
second. Time. 10:28%.
Senior eight-oared shells- Pennsylvania
Barge Club, Philadelphia, won; Argonaut
Boat Club, Toronto, sc-cond: Worcester
High School, Worcester, Mass., third.
Time, 7:42.
CADETS WILL STRIKE
THEIR TENTS TO-DAY
Concert and Dance the Closing So
cial Features of the Encamp
ment at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. July 2!S.— The field
day which had been arranged to
take place at Camp Montgomery this
afternoon and which had been exten
sively advertised by the League of the
Cross Cadets, was postponed this
morning by order of Colonel Sullivan.
The day was spent by the cadets In
vi.sivlng near-by attractions.
The incoming train this morning was
met by Company A. under command of
Captain Hopper, accompanied by a de
tachment of Company F, and acted as
escort to Lieutenant Drady of the
United States Regulars, who arrived
to visit the regiment. Drady, formerly
was captain of Company a, ana helped
organize the regiment.
This evening there were a conceri
and dance in the pavilion. To-morrow
afternoon ;he cadots will break camp
and leave for home.
CONVENTION OF THE
POPULISTS IS OFF
Butler Having a Hard Time to Gc:
a Convention at Cincinnati or
Any Other Place.
CINCINNATI, July 23.— The Thnes-
Star to-day says: The national con
vention of the Populists, called to
assemble in Cincinnati September 5,
1898, is off, and the gathering of mid
dle-of-the-road and affiliated Populists
will not get beyond a call. Several
States had held conventions and se
lected delegates. Maine h;\s chosen
five leading Populists as representa
tives, and other States had responded
to the Omaha call. Even Georgia had
broken away from Senator Butler. But
Texas would not, and thi« broke the
backbone of the straight Populist
movement. .
SAN DIEGO DEMOCRATS.
Fusion Resolution Adopted in the
County Convention.
SAN DIEGO, July 22.— The Demo
cratic County Convention, called for the
purpose of electing delegates to the
State convention, was held to-day. Os
oar A. Trtppett was chosen chairman.
The following delegates were selected:
I. I. Irwin, J. F. Neally, Oscar A. Trip
pett, A. E. Dod6on, J. F. Kinney, G. H.
P. Shaw, R. J. Smith, D. M. Frank, G.
Forster, H. E. Mills, C. A. Burgoyne,
Fred Shaw, L. L. Boone, N. H. Conklln,
C. B. Daggett, W. J. Davis. W. "W.
Weitzel, J. M. Dodge, J. M. Soto, Frank
Rawson and S. S. Knowles.
A resolution was adopted declaring
"that this convention heartily indorses
the effort that is being made to bring
about fusion between the Democrats,
Populists and Free Silver Repub
licans and on such fair and equitable
terms as shall be mutually satisfac
tory."
STACK, THE GYMNAST,
HAPPILY MARRIED
Weds Miss Ida Knight of Santa
Cruz, Thus Rounding Out a
Romance Commenced
Eight Years Ago.
John T. Stack, the gymnast, who re
turned to his home in this city recently,
after a four years' European tour, was
married two days after his arrival here,
thus completing a romance commenced
eight years ago.
The bride, Miss Ida M. Knight, is the
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. B. Knight of
Santa Cruz. Shortly after he entered
upon his career as a professional acrobat
Stack visited the city by the sea. per
forming with a patent medicine company.
He met his future bride, and, notwith
standing the travels of the young pro
fessional since that time, they have kept
in close communication.
Much to Mr. Stack's discomfiture, he
was not able to keep his first theatrical
engagement in this city. The day after
he returned he was practicing in the
gymnasium of the Olympic Club, where
he received the first lessons in his art,
and fell, sustaining a sevfre sprain of the
ankle. This prevented him from appear
ing at the Orpheum, but did not Interfere
with his leading his bride to the altar.
The couple were wedded in Oakland, and
were then summoned to Santa I'ruz,
where they are spending their h
moon. The affair was kept from the
knowledge of their most intimate friends,
who were surprised at thp sudden de
velopment of the little romance.
BANKER JEWETT'S
BUNKOERS FOUND
TWO MEN WHO MADE CAPITAL
OUT OF POLITICS.
A Typewritten Subscription List
Found on Their Person Betrays
Their Mode of Procedure.
E. Callahan and John Farell, the politi
cal rounders who bunkoed Banker Jewett
out of $1U by promising to obtain for him
the nomination for the Governorship,
were arrested last night for boisterous
conduct, caused by an over-indulgence in
drink.
When searched at the City Prison a
type-written subscription list was found
on Callahan. It purportd to be sent out
by the Young Men's Republican Club of
the Thirtieth District, with headquarters
at 921 Harrison street. Colonel Jones' and
Tom Jordan's names beaded the list with
a subscription of |5 each, and Thorn •
Flint Jr.. the well-known politician, was
down for J">.
Detective T. M. Gibson found that the
club was a myth and that the list was a
Conn of bunko game. The prisoners
admitted that it had been put up to ob
tain money. The two first names were
written by them as a ■.■coy. but the
third wad bona-fide. They Baid thai
got drunk on the money. A charge of
money by false pretenses was
added to their names.
MAY HAVE LOST HIS
WAY IN THE WOODS
Archibald Tun. bull, a clerk in the au
diting department of "Weils, Fargo &
Co.'s Express, has been missing for some
days, and grave fears are felt as to his
safety.
lie. went away on his annual vacation
to a point far into th»- Slf-rra Nevada
Mountains, and no tidings have beon re
ceived of him since that time. He was to
spend his holidays ;<: the mine of his un
cle, and v guide was provided to pilot him
to his destination. It was thought that,
having once gone over the road, be would
be able to make his way to civilization
. Apparently he his not been able
to do so, and the reasonable explanation
is that he lust his way In tbo mountains
and has not been able to extricate him
:-rf>liunt. and hi* relatives
believe no barm bas befallen him. He was
expected home last Tuesday.
He in a prominent member of the Sons
of St. George, having filled various <>m-
Hal positions in the principal lodge in this
city. He has been lor many years in the
employ of the express company, serving
as a bookkeeper under Y. C. Lawson, the
assistant auditor.
THE MEANEST MAN IN TOWN.
He Bunkoed a Small Boy Out of a
Part of His Weekly Wage.
The police are on the trail of the mean
est man in town, and should they llnd
him he will be treated with little cere
mony. He earned tins title yesterday :>.ft
ernoon by inducing Orestes Brown, a boy
of 16, who works in a printing esiaollau
ment at TL'3 Market street, to give him a
part of his salary, which he was carrying
home to his mother.
Young Brown told Captain Spillane that
he was walking up Market street, and
when near O'FarTefi a stranger asked to
be directed to a messenger office. Seeing
a chance to earn an extra quarter he vol
unteered to deliver the message. The
stranger then asked Mm where he worked
and was told that he vas earning $3 50 a
week. He was told by the stranger that
he was sending to another boy whom he
was going to employ to drive a horse and
buggy at $6 50 a week. After interesting
the boy with a hope of more remunera
tive employment he borrowed $1 50 from
tils little wage and .sent hire with a ficti
tious message, on his return the mean
man had disappear! d.
Disappointed Newsboys.
Two 8-year-old newsboys, Cornelius
Meany and Harold Griffon, living .it 236
Minna street, were seated in a doorway
on Third street, counting their earnings,
when a sympathetic passer-by dropped an
envelope containing a $5 gold piece into
their laps.
The boys entered a saloon and changed
the coin, and as they emerged, Jingling
the lately acquired wealth, their joy
was dampened by a man named B. H.
Roberts, who said that he was nn agent
of the Tesla Coal Company and who wit
nessed the transaction, demanding and
obtaining the money from the boys.
They told their story to Policemen
Tyn 11 and Tracy, and Roberts was found,
but he declined to give up the money
until threatened with arrest. Captain
Spillane now has the money, and if not
called for by the donor it will be given
to the boys.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Last Friday night Eudocla S. Moffat,
deputy supreme commander of the Ladles
of the Maccabees for California and the
West, instituted a new hive in this city
and installed the following named ofii
oera for th« first term: Susan Tryon,
past lady commander; Isabella Strong,
lady commander; Isabel Howard, lady
lieutenant commander; Florence N. Mor
row, lady record keeper; Clara S. Craig,
lady finance keeper; May Etta ueavett,
lady chaplain; Arietta Hoffman, lady ser
geant; Anna A. Hala, lady mistress at
arms; Alice Follett. lady sentinel, and
Sarah Foster, lady picket. Emma C. La
fantaine, M.D., is the examining physi
cian. Tue first regular review of the new
hive will he held next Tuesday afternoon
In Shiels building.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AKRIVED.
July 23.
Schr Glen, Nlelson, -6 days from Grays Har
bor. - " ■''.'■ . . ■".■-.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlin. ; 24 hours from Iver
sens Landing. ........
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, 23 days from
Honolulu.., T "J" J '
. TRANSATLANTIC STEAMSHIPS. . :
NEW • YORK— Sailed— Hekla, Copenhagen:
America, London; Umbrla. Liverpool; Kms,
Naples; La Navarre, Havre; Rotterdam, Rot
terdam; Ethiopia, Glasgow. .
STETTlN— Arrived— Thlngvalla, New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed— Westernland, New York.
HAVRE— Sailed— La Touraine, New York. ;
BREMEN— SaiIed— Koenlgen Lulse, New
York.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed— Liver
pool.
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA Writes :
When worn out I find
nothing so helpful as a
glass of Yin Mariani. To
brain-workersand those
who expend a great deal
of nervous force it is in-
valuable.
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA.
From the Surgreon-in-Chlef
of the French Army: "
During long, tedious marches, our sol-
diers and officers found instant relief from
fatigue and hardships when using the
marvelous tonic, Yin Marir.ni; it prevent-
ed fevers and sickness in tho marshy and
unhealthy territory.— H. LIBERMANN,
M. ;>., Surgeon in Chief French Army.
SAYS HIS DAUGHTER
TRIED TO KILL HIM
MRS. HOOVEB HAS THE BODY OF
HER BABY EXHUMED.
Coroner Baldwin Will Find Out Eow
Much Truth There Is in a
Bitter Family Quarrel.
OAKLAND, July 23.— The body of the
infant child of Mrs. Henry Hoover was
received from Livermore by the Coroner
ifternoon. The child was horn three
months ago and died a month ago. Two
weeka after its death the young mother,
who is a wayward girl of lt>. married
young Hoover, much against the wish of
her father. John . '.rnett of PLeaaanton.
Barnett made publii a statement about
his daughter and she retaliated yester
day that he had given It some medicine a
couple of hours before death, and she now
says she believes it was poison. The child
■was burled on the side or the hill. by Miss
Barnett's father.
There has been trouble between the
father and daughter for some time, jnd a
year ago he says he attempted to correct
her and advise her, but she told him to
mind his own business.
"After 1 knew that she was to give
birth to a child," Says Barnett, "I tri -d
to make her tell who the father was, but
she only gave me the same answer, f
told her if she did not inform me within
haif an hour that I would drive her ftom )
the place. She alterward blamed it or. a
certain party and we had him arrested,
but he was innocent, and she afterward
said she did not know who it was.
"Three times, I believe, she tried to
poison me with strychnine found m l.rt
tles that had been thrown out tn the road
by a neighbor. I tasted it «n nay -ea,
which was as bitter .' s gall, and 1 i.hrew
it out and tasted the children's tea, and
It was all right. She denied it to me. but
she afterward told one of my boy« that
she had put something in my cougn
medicine, Dut guessed it could not have
been strong enough."
Mrs. Hoover has signed the following
statement:
Mv baby died June 27. It was sick but a few
hours. It was a healthy baby and had never
ailed - much. Just before It WM taken sick
my father gave it something like medicine.
It began frothing- at the mouth. I wanted to
ko for the doel but my father would not
let me. When the baby died he seemed pleased.
He would not let me go near it or touch it.
He J«8 a hole In the ground near the hills
and burled the baby tn it like a dog.
On one other occasion when the baby was
a little fretful he threatened to take it by
the logs and dash its brains out against a
fruit tree in front of the house.
The neighbors declare that Barnett is
somewhat eccentric and his daughter
wayward, and do not place much cre
dence in the stories, which are a part of
a bitter family squabble.
TO REMOVE POWDLB WORKS.
Residents of Melrose, Fruitvale and
Locicwood Take Action.
Oakland OfHcc San Fruncisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 23.
The residents of Fruitvale, Melrose
and Lockwood held a meeting to
night, at which they expressed them
selves very forcibly regarding the pro
posed rebuilding of the fuse works In
their midst and the maintenance of a
powder magazine there. The general sen
timent against the management for what
they termed "the deliberate act of one
of its employes" in permitting a magazine
to be left open was severe, and the Board
of Supervisors are to be appealed to to
Btop a repetition of such a Bcene. After
preambles the following resolutions were
adopted:
Resolved by the residents of Fruitvale. Mel
rose and Lockwood, in mass-meeting assem
bled, that the powder and fuse factory of said
Western Fuse and Exploilve Company, pro
posed to be erected at Hiijh street; Melrose. to
replaco the buildings destroyed will be danger
ous to the public safety, detrimental to every
property interest,, by rendering the neighbor
hood undesirable as a place of residence and
reducing the value of Its taxable property; that
we proteßt earnestly against the re-crectlon of
said powder works.
It is further resolved. That the Board of Su
pervisors of Alameda County will take every
possible legßl means to have said factories re
moved and that it will make and enforce such
rules and regulations governing the location
and operation of all powder, fuse and explo
sive works within the limits of this township
and county as will be for the best interests of
the residents thereof, and that such action be
■peedy and immediate as necessary to abate
and end thj> present danger.
E.H. MAKWEDEL,,. President.
W. W. JUDSON, Secretary.
. A petition embracing the features of the
above was drawn up and signed by all
present and will be at the real estate of
fice of P. H. Blake on East Fourteenth
street, between Fruitvale and Bray ave
nues, all day Sunday, where all interested
may call and sign it. This refers the
board to section 368 of the Penal. Code,
which gives them power to enact laws
for public safety and governing powder
works and asks them so to act. It will
be presented to the board Monday morn
ing.
THE SCHAEFEHS AT HOME.
Beunited After a Month's Troubles.
Their Children Well Cared For.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Mr. and Mrs.
Alfonso Sohaefer, whose home has boen
nearly broken up for the past month by
the effort of J. J. Hurt, Mrs. Schaefer's
former husband, to secure control of the
three children, have returned to their
home at Sun Leandro and resumed the
quiet farmer-like life they pursued before
the trouble occurred.
After Mr. Schaefer'a release from the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARIANI WINE
Braces Body and Brain
MARIANI WINE has written endorsements
From more than 8000 American Physicians.
MARIANI WINE is Specially Indicated for :
Nervous Affections. Throat and Lung Diseases. Dyspepsia, Anaemia, Weakness
from whatever causes, Profound Depression or Exhaustion,
LA GRIPPE, GENERAL DEBILITY, MALARIA,
For those who are run down,
OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Sold by all Druggists. Beware of Imitations and Substitutions.
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the SAN FRANCISCO
CALL, we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM-
j PERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
distinguished personages.
MARIANI 6c CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, Ni£W YORK.
p ar tt s _41 Boulevard Haussman; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital Street.
MARCHING OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
(Reprinted from The London Sketch.)
General Sir Evelyn Wood says: "Re-
garding the infantry marching, it was the
I best seen during my command at Alder-
! shot, or since I was first stationed there \
i twenty-eight years ago. Many officers
• availed themselves of the tonic and re-
| constituent properties of the well-known
1 Mariani Wine, the most certain as well
! as the most palatable method of indue-
I ing resistance to fatigue."
City Prison yesterday he met his wife at
his attorney's and they decided to return
home at once. Both were at a loss to
understand the telegram received pur
porting to be from J. J. Hurt. Mrs.
Schaefer expressed the opinion that her
ex-husband had gone crazy and didn't
know what he had done.
To-day Mrs. Sch.-'efer pnid a visit to
her chidren at Mills College, and found
them well and happy. Mrs. Mills de
clared that they were happy as children
could be and perfectly c »ntented with
their new surroundings, and that Mr.
Hurt had paid for their expenses in ad- i
vance.
Wine More Teachers Selected.
OAKLAND. July 23.— Nine of the fif
teen young ladies elected by the Board
of Education at their first meeting In
June, for the "preferred list." have been
already assigned to positions. Five of
these are for vacancies and four for six
months' leave of absence. Those who se-
I the regular positions were the first
four named on the "preferred list"— Miss
L. M. Mackey, Miss May A. Sullivan,
Miss Susie B. Culver, Miss Ora L. Moul
ton and Miss Lena Ball. The four taking
the absentees' positions are: Miss Ger
trude V. Williams, Miss Elizabeth Gris
wold, Miss Agnes Hunt and Miss Effie
Y-.ung.
Associated Charities.
OAKLAND. July 23.— The Associated
Charities ha 3 secured the building
at 523 San Pablo avenue, situ
ated between Nineteenth and Twen
tieth streets, and will open a laun
dry under the supervision of T. A. tiell
of Fresno. All work will be done by
hand and full wag-es will be paid, but pay
for work musi be taken in meal tickets,
groceries, meat coal or other orders,
wagon will call for and ue'.iver all orders,
and every effort made to give satisfaction.
They have a fund of $300 to start the en
terprise, and they hope that the patron
ape will be sufficient to sustain them in
their effort to help worthy needy women.
A Patriotic ''Dewey Tea."
OAKLAND, July 2.V-Mrs>. Rebecca Tur
ner Norwood of Texarkana, Texas,
granddaughter of Francis Scott Key.
author of the celebrated BOng, "The Star
spang-led Banner." will be one of the
principal attractions at a "Dewey tea."
to be given by the Appomattox Relief
Corps at Tjoring 1 Hall Thursday nig-ht.
She will play the song; as played here and
then as heard in the South and pive a
few incidents of her grandfather's life.
Merely a Formal Session.
OAKLAND, July 23. - City Auditor
Snow, ex-officlo City Assessor, lias re
ceived the assessment rolls from Coun
ty Assessor 11. P. Dalton and is prepar
ing his rolis for the City Council, which
will sit as a board of equalization Mon
day evening. The first meeting will sim
ply be a formal one and an adjournment
taken to a later date after passing the
necessary notices.
HELPING MELROSE SUFFERERS.
The Ladies of Alameda Are the Only-
Ones Who Are Doing Anything.
ALAMEDA, July 23.— 1f the Melrose
powder explosion had taken place In
other State, doubtless it. WOtild have boon
! issible to have stirred up the people of
California to doing something for the
numerous sufferers by that disaster. But
as it occurred at the very dour of a rich
iit\ no one has taken nny steps toward
extending to those sufferers any aid of
any kind, except a small number of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
maFTITen
ARE WEAK AND DEBILITATED.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been curing i ' ~
contracted ailments of men, including NO PAY TILL CURED.
malignant blood poison at any stage, ,
and restoring complete or partia! loss -
of vital force for more than seventeen jjj^fe^j!? < @£§1
years. These specialists treat nothing 'Wsikr ** >r^ ?%
but diseases and weaknesses of men, I^' ■
and have given all such ailments the frf&'Jt W
most careful and searching study. f^' /*^*%^|^^v
They are experts in dealing with nerv- (o^l <g^^^9\s?^
ous debility brought on by drains, loss- V|| r^i.;y \^[
es, excess, etc. Better see them if you ,#/\%\ .J \|| *.
are not just as you would like to be. /''il^^tf. --^^) pv vl
Dr. Meyers & Co. give advice / Wa%M
without charge. Thousands cured ?ssWv^K^*«S?iX\lm^'? s 5Wv^K^*«S?iX\lm^'
and restored at home. '%2,
Write°for free private book and j ''ts!M\ r^«|S#C^'
symptom blanks it you cannot call. I JpPplk/^vJ .^^^^^^^p-
T3l MARKET STREET CONSULTATION FREE
(Take Elevator),
San Francisco. — — —
DR. MEYERS & CO.
MAKE THEM STRONG AND HEALTHY.
TERRORS OF LA GRIPPE.
(From the Chicago Medical Era.)
"Many patients recover very slowly.
The lassitude and weakness calls for
something in the nature of a tonic, and
for this purpose I am satisfied that I
have found a preparation that answers
the purpose. I refer to Yin Mariani."
ladies of Alnmeda. These ladies took hoM
of the task as soon as the necessities of
the case became apparent, and have so
far accomplished considerable in that
direction They have obtained furniture-.
beddii given it to
the worst sufferers. But there is still a
vast amount to be done, and it is felt that
Jan Francisco ought to do
something in this direction.
A donation of $150 was received by the
ladies this afternoon for the relief of the
sufferers. Of this 150 was given personally
by F. J. Fletter of this city, and the $100
wns raised by him among some of the
! powder manufacturers in San Fran
tic first money that has
been donated.
The Alice Street Bridge.
ALAMEDA. July 2?,.— At the meeting of
oard of Prustees last evening, nfter
some discussion of the Alice-street bridge
; matter, a resolution was passed that In
\\c\\ of the promise of the Oakland
; mittee to contribute $500 toward con
; structlng the ■ 9 to the bridge
Ity would agree to construct
approaches on this side, consisting of all
that portion of the work on the south
; side of the- estuary up to the bridge
I tie. It is expected thar this agreement
,' will settle the controversy.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 23.— Some anxt> ■
beginning to be felt for the safety of the
r Dawson City (not the City of
Dawson) which left here for Dutch Har
bor im June 23. just a month ago. I
word has yet been heard from her. She
had the Leonard party on board.
The 10-year-old son of C. D. Postel of
Broadway was severely bitten in
the face by a horse yesterday, which he
hit with a stick while it waa feeding.
Henry E. Hebbard of 1913 Park street
has his I,^g broken this afternoon i:
Oakland by being- thrown from his buggy,
his horse having taken fright at a street
roller.
Red Cross Society Meets.
BERKELEY, July 23.— The executive
committee of the Berkeley branch of the
Red Cross Society met last night at the
residence of Mrs. C. R. Greenleaf. Upon
motion of Professor Thomas R. Bacon
the following resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That the committee pledge
SiOO tov.-ard the purchase and equipment
of a hospital ship, to be paid when called
for; this resolution to reede all pre
vious votes of appropriation for such pur;
; j), ise."
The resignation of Mrs. C. R. Greenleaf
as president of the local society was ac
cepted with much regret. Mrs. Greenleaf
will leave for the East shortly to see her
husband. Colonel C. R. Greenleaf. and her
son. Dr. H. S. Greenleaf. who are both
actively engaged in the Cuban campaign.
Mme. F. V. Paget, as chairman of the
committee on literature, reported that
forty-eight boxes and ten sacks of books
and magazines had been sent to the front
by the Berkeley branch.
Practical Lessons for Farmers.
BERKELEY. July 23.— Professor E. J.
Wickson of the department ofjagricul
ture in the University o. California left
this afternoon for the southern part of
the State, where he will conduct a series
of farmers' Institutes. Sessions are to
be held at Fallbrook, Kamonla and
Lemon Grove, in San Diego County, and
at Tustin, Fullerton and Rivera, in
Orange County. Professor Wlskson is to
! lecture upon subjects which are of practl
' cal interest to farmers.
~m~
Advances n'.ade on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1623 Mission.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LABOR MAY
FIGHT PARDEE
E. D. HoughamSpeaksof
Republican Hari-Kari.
REFERS TO RECENT HISTORY
NO ENEMY OF MANHOOD CAN
EVER BE GOVERNOR.
The Well - Known Labor Orator j
Threatens to Stump the State j
as He Did Years '
Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, July 23.
H. D. Hougham, the well known labor ;
orator, hr.s prepared a statement wiach
he will use under certain circumstances
during- the coming campaign.
Mr. Hougham is recognized as the fore- i
most labor leader of California. Twenty
five years ago, in conjunction with James
H. Barry, A. S. Barlow, Patrick Reddy'
and William M. Hinton, Mr. Hougham
took charge of the California anti-Chinese
Association, and these gentlemen were j
elected as its State executive committee.
Ever since then Mr. Hougham has been
Identified with the labor interests of Cali
fornia. In 1886, when grand master of the
Knights of Labor, he was the poet of the
day at the great picnic held in San Jose,
at which Judge Maguire was the orator, j
Last year he was sent for to New York to
assist in the Henry George campaign, and
■was engaged in that work when Mr.
George died.
Mr. Hougham is the man who many
years ago first called attention to the cir
cumstances attending the transfer of the
water front to Carpentier and his asso
ciates at the expense of the city of Oak
land. With Judge Glascock. Colonel Jack
Hayes, James de Fremery and others of
this city he was inted a committee to
hire attorneys and prosecute the suits
which were brought twenty years ago.
Commenting on his work in the interest
of the water front some years ago the
Enquirer paid Mr. Hougham some
marked compliments. Mr. Hough^m was
at that time the owner of the Hougham
tract near the water front, and ue it was
wh" presented to the city of Oakland
fieeds to the first four streets, including
Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth, that
were opened to the water t'rur.t.
Mr. Hougham declares that this is nat
uraily a Republican year and that if the
Republicans put up the proper candidate
for Governor there would be no difficulty
in electing him. He declares, however,
that If any man who has shown himself
to be possessed of inhuman ideas and au
tocratic bearing toward honest working
men, whether employed or temporarily
unemployed. he will go to work again as
he did twenty-live years ago and organize
•labor against such a candidate.
"I will stump the State from one end to
the other before such « man shall be
elected by any party." said Mr. Hougham
to-day, "and this is what 1 will do it
with." Mr. Hougham referred to the fol
lowing document, which he has recently
prepared:
# The only part that I will take in this *
4fr campaign is to fight any oandidate "f *
# any party that Is known to he an entmy *
# of the laboring classes, and that is the *
■H- reason why I, together with many of *
*• nr co-workers in the laborers' cause in * |
7C this State mil! oppose the- election of ♦ I
«* any such man as George C. Pardee for #
*• Governor. If there is no other way to #
* defeat him we will Itump the State from *
* one end to th>- other an* talk to the la- *
■Jfr borln* men about his cowardly and in- *
* human treatment of the laboring men *
# with his ax and pickhandle brigade, *
♦ reinforced by the fire companies of this ■«■
•Jfr city with their hosepipes, under his com- *
* mand four years ago when a non-Re- *
*• publican Mayor of this city. The labor- *
♦ ln« men of this State have not forgotten *
H- that year of panic, hard times and lea- *
# tltution which §wept all over this broad *
# land. Hundreds of htmest men unable ■?■■
-X- to find employment at home, came DUt It
* to this State to try to find work at the *
ORGANIZER FOR TEMPERANCE
MISS ADA L ADOLPHUS MURCUTT, the Eloauent Aus
tralian Preacher, Now in This Citu.
AMONG the notable visitors in this city is Miss Ada L» Adolphus Mur
cutt, the young and popular Australian organizer of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union. Being delicate as a child, Miss Murcutt
was for some uti'tl by tutors at home, but afterward went
to one of the leading college'fe In Melbourne and took honors in English
at the Melbourne University In IS9O. In May. 1892, she went to live in West
ern Australia, hoping that the change of climate would prove beneficial to
her hfalth. There she became interested in temperance work and for six
months labored successfully among the Coolsurdie gold mines. Early in
1894 she visited South Australia and from there went to the Triennial W. C.
T. U. Convention hi Sydney and was appointed Australasian organizer.
Miss Murcutt's gift of speech and very pleasing manner win people'n hearts
and, In addition to her powerful Gospel temperance lectures, she often
preaches In pulpits on Sundays, and likewise has lectures on Australia with
limelight views.
This evening she will occupy the pulpit of the Westminster Presbyte
rian Church, corner of Page anu Webster streets.
Midwinter Fair that had been exten
sively advertised in the East. When
they got here they found that a very
large army of hungry and destitute men
of this State had filled all the places at
the fair, and many a hungry son cf a
California mother went without work
and many a hungry mother of a Califor
nia euif went without bread. , The sons
of Eastern American mothers • without
money to pay their fare back East saw
the grim specter of want and Btar
vation starinn them in the face. Then it
was that the good and generous people
of San Francisco commenced to raise
money by subscription to feed these
hungry men, who were all American
citizens. After the noble people of San
Francisco had collected thousands of
dollars to feed them, Mayor EUert told
them that they had better try and work
their way back to their Eastern homes.
He promised to pay their fares across
the bay, and told them he thought the
people of Oakland would pay their
fares to Sacramento, and that they
could work their way from town to
town, until they reached their Eastern
homes. He took them to the ferry land
ing, paid their fares, Bhook hands with:
them, and said "God bless you, boys,
I hope you will get safe back to your
families."
But what kind of a reception did they
get from Mayor Pardee, this Oakland
Czar, the autocrat of the four hundred?
After kindly Inclined people had (riven
them the use of the tabernacle and as
sisted them with food, Czar Pardee, with
his cane across his back, walked up and
down outside the tabernacle com
manding his brigade and order
ing: the fire companies to con
nect their hose to drown them out
like. rats. He was determined to drive
them down to the railroad depot, where
they could be herded und driven into
hojr and cattle cars and sent out of
town like criminals.
During this scene Dr. Pardee used
language regarding that crowd which I
shall not repeat. When they sent for
Sheriff McKillican, he came to the tab
ernacle and said, "This Is inhuman;
this Is brutal; take those engines away
or I will do nothing to help you. These
men are human beings and American
citizens and have committed no crime
but the crime of being poor."
What right had this Oakland Pasha
to attack with . fire hose at midnight
unarmed, hungTy, defenseless men on
private property that had been hired
for their use by the donations of the
generous people of this city? They had
a rlsht to stay here as long as they
pleased, provided they broke no
laws. I have known Pardee ever since
he was a curly-haired boy on the streets
of Oakland, and I never knew that he
had ever sunk a Spanish fleet or cap
tured any kind of a Morro castle, and
I would like to know why he should put
himself forward as a dictator, either of
a party or independently. I call to
mind a few years ago when three
or ur thousand people of Oakland
were begging him to let the Davie
ferryboats land at the foot of Broad
way, Vardee said no at that time, and
maybe before the primary comes off he
will tell the people of Oakland why he
played into the hands ot the Southern
Pacific. Dr. Pardee Is an oculist: I
have no doubt a good one. In that
crowd that he drove like cattle from the
tabernacle and was prepared to drench
with a firehose were watchmakers,
piano builders, carpenters and the
like, ar.l of all the tens of thousands
of laboring men whom I have during my
lifetime addressed, I have not yet met
one who could see that an oculist is
any better specimen of a man than a
pianomaker or a carpenter.
If the Republican party of California
wants to commit hara-kiri there are
now right here in Oakland hundreds of
men who can assure It that there is an
instrument available for just such a
purpose. That operation can be per
formed most completely by allowing
such a man as pr. Fanlee to head Its
ticket, and I am sure that Judge Ma
guire would "like nothing better, as it
v. uM be the easiest thing to kick out of
his way on his Journey to Bacramento.
Let me pay in conclusion that if the
bolters and kicker? should succeed in
foisting Pardee on the Republican
party there will be a shout of indigna
tion go up from the throat of labor In
this State, irrespective of party, that
will be heard from Castle Crag to the
mountains of Fan Diego, and will raise
a dust in every hamlet in California
equal to thnt raised in Melr last
Tuesday by the mad act of a Chinaman.
Manuel Leaburn's Death.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Manuel Leaburn,
a farmer, residing two miles from San
Leandro. dropped dead about 11 o'clock
last Ighi from fatty degeneration of the
heart. He had .lust returned home, from '
town, accompanied .by his daughter, and
put up his team, when he was stricken
down. He lived but a short time. The !
deceased was a native of Portugal, aged ,
55 year 3. Coroner Baldwin held an in
quest this afternoon.
No Deputies Yet Selected.
OAKLAND, July 23. — No announcement
will be made for another week of the se
lection "f the Deputy Shf-riffs for th'
vacancies caused by Tuesday's explosion.
1: is believed that Jailer Lane will be pro
moted t" Chief Jniler. the position for
merly held by Deputy Sheriff White.
This has no additional salary, however.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
SWATTED THE
OAKLAND BOYS
Good Politicians Make
Poor Ball-Players.
MANAGER EWING'S CAUCUS
DECIDED THAT VOTE - MAKING
WAS OUT OF ORDER.
One of the Hosts Almost Persuaded
Will Church to Break
a Most Solemn
Pledge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 23.
Pleasanton was gay this afternoon. The
Red Cross ladles were out in force to wel
come the Married Men of Ruby Hill and
the County Officials, who arrived at noon
to play baseball for the benefit of the
society's funds.
The occasion was very auspicious and
very opportune. There was less difficulty
in getting together a good county team
than there would be if the November
election were three months past instead
of three months away. Manager Cal
Ewing knows considerable about base
ball. He knew enough a year ago to aid
materially in breaking up a league that
was not run entirely in the interest of
pure sport. The team he took to Pleas
anton was a strong one. It consisted of
J. P. Cook, a Deputy County Clerk;
John F. Somers, courthouse engineer;
"Will Church, a Supervisor; C. Schweer,
a deputy; A. G. Harms, a deputy; Frank
Jordan, County Clerk; J. Bardellini, Dep
uty Recorder; and John Mitchell, a Su
pervisor. This team is a very formidable
one to go up against the Married Men of
Ruby Hill, where much of Alameda's
famed red wine is made and where it
is said that the air is so pure and healthy |
that to breath it is to add ten years to
anybody's life.
As the County Officials were going to
Pleasanton on the train a little caucus |
was held, at which it was mutually agreed i
that no one was to do any politics while
at Pleasanton. Everybody deprecated the \
idea that the mere fact that one or two
candidates for office were going to play i
baseball for noble charity should be i
turned into a vote-making expedition.
This was solemnly ratified and all the
members of Cal Ewing's team kept their
word.
On their arrival at Pleasanton the la
dies of the Red Cross met the players
and guided them to luncheon tent. J.
Crellin, the manager of the Ruby Hills.
wondered what had come to town. In
cidentally he said to Will Church: "Well,
how are politics in Oakland." Mr. Church
assumed a vacant look something similar
to that which he puts on when his broth
er Supervisor Roeth makes an explana
tion before the board that needs explain-
ing.
"Politics?" said Church, utusingly. "I
•wonder if I can find a dictionary in Pleas
anton? I don't know what politics
means." And as he spoke he looked at
Frank Jordan with one eye and at Cal
Kwing with the other, and they both
winked.
The Married Men did beautifully. They
played good ball and earned as much ap
plause from the crowd aa the men-out-of
politics that went up from Oakland. The
team consisted of J. Hello, H. Madison,
E. Harms, J. Richards, J. Heggerty, F.
McDougal, Charles Graham, Dr. w. A.
H^rrisher and Professor W« Donohue.
Unfortunately the County Officials could
not carry out their sworn pledge that no
politics should be done In connection with
charity. The ladies of the Red Croats and
the spectators were so well pleased with
the attendance and the quality of the
playing that they just swarmed around
the Oakland buys and promised them that
if woman suffrage were a fapt in A!a
meda County every lady in Murray Town
ship would vote for them.
As they cannot do this they promis.d
that their brothers and sweethearts and
fathers should do so.
Some of the Populist candidates for the
county offices started a malicious story
this afternoon around the Courthouse.
They said that the boys had gone to
Pleasanton for no other purpose than to
do politics. They sustained their argu
ment by saying that if the Oakland team
lost they would lose for the purpose of
making "friends of the winners, and if
they won it would be an argument that
such capable, alert fellows would make
the best kind of county officers. This
Kiean Btory was denounced as utterly un
true by Mrs. -Hattle McDonald, the mat
ron of the Receiving Hospital, who was
one of the very few county officials to
be found around the buildings this after
noon.
The game was very evenly contested
and resulted in a victory for the Married
Men by a score of 25 to 23.
BERKELEY LOSES HER
PET TRACK CAPTAIN
DRUM TO BE A BEAL LIVE
SOLDIER.
The Crack Sprinter of the State Uni
versity Has Forsaken
Athletics.
BERKELEY, July 23.— William Drum,
the star athlete of the University of Cali
fornia, has enlisted. Next Monday morn
ing he goes to the Presidio to take the
oath for service under Uncle Sam, and
with him goes Berkeley's track captain
for next year and one of the best track
men that the university ever had. In
stead of entering the lists against Stan
ford, with every opportunity for equaling
two or three intercollegiate records, he
will be content to serve as a private in
the Engineer Corps, Company L, Second
Regiment, United States Volunteers.
Much surprise as well as disappoint
ment is felt among university men over
Drum's intention to forsake the field of
athletics, and doubtless if college were in
session every effort possible would be
made to try to dissuade him from his
course.
Drum's career as a sprinter has been
in every way a brilliant one. His fame
w:is established during his first year at
college, when he took the 100-yard dash
out of the hands of Brunton of Stanford
In the intercollegiate field day of '97. The
time was 10 1-5 seconds, and although he
fell short of that by one-fifth of a second
last field day, it was generally conceded
that with two years' more experience he
would have been with hardly a peer in
any college in the country. In the 220
yard dash his record stood at 23 seconds
flat, and for the quarter mile 51 seconds
flat. In both these latter events he gave
as much promise as in the shorter dis
tance _,
Late this evening Drum expressed his
intention of returning to college as soon
as his term of service was over, but
doubted very much whether he would be
able to resume athletics. He said he felt
perfectly confident that his absence
would make no material difference in the
next field day against Stanford, as the
university could rely upon Dixon, Wool
sey and Broughton to carry off points in
the field events.
No License Reduction.
ALAMEDA, July 23.— Last night was
the time sot by the City Trustees to hear
applications for liquor licenses, and it
was expected that the request preferred
by the saljon men some time ago for a
reduction of 50 per cent In the license
tax would also be discussed; but when
the applications of the twenty-one saloon
keepers were presented not a word was
said by any one about a reduction and
the licenses will be fssued as usual at the
old rate. It is altogether likely that this
question will be a prominent one at the
municipal election next spring. There
are two Trustees who have expressed
themselves in favor of a reduction, and if
another can be elected next spring that
will settle the matter.
COUNCIL TO
TAKE ACTION
Lake Merritt Will Be
Greatly Improved.
CEMETERY CREEK PLANS
FIRST MOVE TOWARD MANY
NEEDED REFORMS.
The Offer of the Railroad May B
Accepted and a Park Be
Filled In on a
Marsh.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July !!•'{.
Although Cemetery Creek and cerfain
portions of Lake Merrltt have been ac
knowledged public nuisances for over
twenty years, no energetic effort has been
made to abate them and to provide a
remedy until the formation of the Lake
Merritt Saaiitary Improvement Club a
week ago. The matter will receive at
tention at the hands of the Council next
Monday night.
It has always been the crowning Rhame
of Oakland that the beautiful body of
water right In the center of the city
should be a nuisance and a menace to
health instead of a handsome pleasure
ground. Thi3 idea has been expressed
thousands of times on platforms and in
print, but it has never gone farther. No
one or no body of citizens has decided to
take the necessary steps to produce per
manent relief. With the development of
the country to i he north and east of the
lake, the necessity is now so great that
it cannot longer be ignored, and the im
provement club has taken the initiative.
One of the objections always brought
up when the matter has been discussed
previously has been that It was a local
matter and should be confined so far as
payment fur it is concerned to the prop
erty-owners who would be immediately
benefited. As these property-owners
consider that the benefits would bo
shared by the whole city as well as by
themselves, they have contended that the
dredging; of the lake and the building of
a storm sewer down Cemetery Creek
should be paid for by direct taxation of the
whole city. Unless the present plans are
changed, "the improvements will oe paid
for by a tax up>m the entire city; a tem
porary sewer will be built along Valdea
street from Twenty-fourth to Twenty
second, while Lake Merritt is being
dredged; the lake will be dredged to a
uniform depth of four feet below mean
high tide; a street will be opened and
Bewer constructed along Cemetery Creek,
and the east Hide sewer will be projected
into the deep water of the lake. These are
the plans upon which the property
owners and the Councilmen have mu
tually agreed, and which there is every
prospect will be carried out.
In this connection attention has also
!)• ■ ;i called t<> the fact that this would
be a. K'»od time to acquire the plat cf
water-front property on the west side of
this lake between Eighth and Twelfth
streets, which was offered by the Water
Front Company recentiy to the city for
This tract consists of several acres,
and with the dredging from the lake could
without expense be converted into a ftno
level park in the same manner as the
West Oakland Park is now being de
veloped.
THE ALICE STREET
BRIDGE TO BE SAVED
URGENT APPEAL MADE BY BUS
INESS INTERESTS.
Unless Action Is Taken at Once All
Teaming Must Be Done Over
the Park. Street Bridge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, July 23.
The following circular waa Issued tn
day and is being sent out to all llrms in
this city:
There is a strong effort being made by inter
ested parties to cause the permanent removal
of Webster street bridge and the construction
of a new one at a point about 2,000 feet oast
of Webster street or above the Adams wharf
property. Pending the construction of the new
bridge. It is proposed that all travel between
the cities of Oakland and A^iameda be by way
of Park street, .which is reached from Oakland
by way of Twenty-third avenue.
You can see that much of the traffic will be
compelled to make a detour of about seven
miles to reach that portion of Alameda known
as the West End. and all the West End people
will be compelled to reach Oakland by making
the same detour by way of Park street. The
Southern Pacific Railroad has very kindly and
generously offered the people, through the
Board of Supervisors, the free and uncondi
tional u?e of the Alice street bridge, during the
period required to construct the new bridge at
whichever point selected. We understand that
the county will, in all probabllltj', construct
the necessary roadway on the Alice street
bridge, provided that the cities of Alameda and
Oakland construct the approaches thereto.
It Is possible that the expense (about $1,400,
of which Alameda's portion will be $1,200 or
more) cannot be all borne by them, and that
public subscription must make up the dl tl
clency or have no • bridge for at least hlx
months, other than Park street. This work
will, in all probability, continue through the
winter, and all teaming will be much more ex
pensive than In the dry season.
Are you willing to subscribe something to a
fund to Insure the construction of the thor
oughfare? If so, leave your name and address,
together with the amount you are willing to
subscribe, with James P. Taylor, 455 Ninth
ADVEBTISEMENTa
| Take It $
yf There's no better time to V
■S break the chains of drunk- It
¥ enness, morphine or opium \\
V than today. The Keeley |J
•w Treatment is the only hope w
V —the only cure. One day's 1
S delay may be f.Ual. You are |»
-y tampering with a demon and \f
"If tomorrow may be too late. W
S Take the Keeley today. H
V Bend for printed matter that tells Tff
V all about It.
V THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
W 1170 Market St. San Francisco, V
M 232 N. Main St., Los Angeles. jj
Z Fred A. Pollock, Manager. w
Radway's Ready Kellet for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore MuEdes, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Mcrbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
gists.
street, or with G. W. Arppr. Webster street,
south of the Webster street bridge.
An average of 500 teams per day cross the
Webster street Iridge.
An appeal is hereby made to you and to all
Interested to attend the meeting of the City
Council, Monday evening. July 25, 1898, at 8
o'clock.
The Board of Supervisors has requested the
City Council to consent to the temporary re
moval of Webster Ptreet bridge to Alice street
BJid also to construct the approach thereto.
As the War Department requires that the re
movnl of the Alice street brkiue he commenced
by August 1, 1898, It is evident that Immediate
action should be taken so that permission be
obtained from the War Department for the
temporary retention of this bridge during the
construction of the new bridge.
The Supervisors claim they cannot legally act
until the City Council authorizes them to do
so.
The cities of Oakland and Alameda will suf
fer great Inconvenience, and in some instances
heavy loss to business firms will result, should
the Alice street bridge be not utilized. It means
all must travel by Park street and Twenty
third avenue. All interested should wrie up
to the seriousness of the situation and do
something to maintain an open thoroughfare at
or near the present bridge.
OREGON COAL AND NAVIGATION CO.
JAMES P. TAYLOR,
J. C. WESTPHAL & SON,
OAKLAND IRON WORKS,
CHAP. H. BL'TLER & CO.,
GEORGE W. ARPER.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
DECLINES AN EASTERN CALL.
Dr. Coyle Will Remain on the Coast
for the Present.
OAKLAND, July 23.-Rev. R. F. Coyle,
D.D., pastor of the First Presbyterian
church, returned this morning from a
flying trip to New York, where he spent
last Sunday in investigating a call ten
dered him by the Madison-avenue Pres
byterian church. He was only in the
city two days, but jn that time he de
cided that he did not want to become the
pastor of the congregation which gave
him such a unanimous and hearty call.
"The church," said Dr. Coyle to-day,
"is called a people's church, and that fea
ture of it would render the work very
agreeable to me. Hut there are other
things not so agreeable. The building is
not attractive; it is a large stone struc
ture, and the auditorium is somewhat
gloomy and somber. The church is going
through a transitional period, and the
outcome is somewhat doubtful. I do not
care to go into details at present, but
later on I will make a fuller statement
with regard to it. I will not accept the
call."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION GO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS. Via
DUTCH HARBOR, NEW HOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
STEAMSHIP LAURADA,-
BTEAMBHIP JjAUnAI/A,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 20,
SiShnxp SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 30.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with the
company" fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught, Governor Plngree, Philip B.
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glasacock, Michigan,
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers,' which are now
in service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladies.
Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, best
I berths, best time.
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINES,
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery St., Snn Francisco, Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT,
General Traffic Manager. Seattle, Wash.
AUCTIONJALES;
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS!
TO-MORROW EVENING AT 8 P. M.
Absolute Sale Without Reserve.
REMAINDER OF LIBRARY OF I. 0. 0. F.
10.000 VOLUMES OF STANDARD LITERATURE.
Must be sold on or before WEDNESDAY,
July 27. Fittings, furniture and miscellaneous
effects will be. sold Thursday. July 2S, 2 p. m.
FRANK W. BtTTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
On View After 9 a. m.
OCEAN TEAV.fi.-L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
raw , Steamers leave Broadway
Blv!>s9iw- wharf. San Francisco:
8 l v * .'^Sv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
H MJPfcJW^ July 25 > 30 August 4, 9, 14, 19,
1 C^rV. MHvrVi 24 - transf i-r at Seattle.
V B^^3W j£atl or Alaskan ports (from Fol-
ißHl^2dKmi som-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
I'^^^Wm August 3, 23, transfer at Purt-
- ""* For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., July 25, 30, August 4, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.,
at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m., July
25 31 August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., July 24. 28, August 1, and
every fourth day thereafter. ,—__»--
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Ansreles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a,
m.. July 22, 26, 30. August 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San fose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., ISth of
each month. ,
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar>'l hour* of saillnc.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
■treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., G«!n. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R.& N.-CO.
©•PATCH FAST STEAMERfI TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $>2 First Class •-* Including Bertll
IKfl!- $8 Second Class and Meals,
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2. 10. 18. 2«
State of California July 6. 14, 22, 30
St. Paul , »16 OOlSt. Louis $33 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago at 60
Omaha 28 OOjN'ew York .;..... 3100
i E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
FrenoU Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North _^-P^lS»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers ■<firj!£Hj
by this line avoid both transit by w«KSw&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second closs, $116. -
LA GASCOGNE ...July 30. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Aug. 6. 10 a. m.
LA BRET.AGNE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATIiAN-
TIQUE. Agent. ..
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. E Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■ ' ■
fHgPSiMBfI The S. S.MARIPO3A
'■nfaSVlL*'* l1 '' vln Honolulu and
I Sa Auckland for Sydney
■ .^— — -^ Wednesday, August 10,
Gij'LJ.'.*. \ at 2 P- m -
§|^f|)s|||pJ a Llne" to COOLGAR-
Q^iliiUii'- DIE - Australia, and
(Omß3li£h CAPE TOWN. South
V w" l r /Ulw 4 Africa:
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight .of fiee — 327, Market st., San Francisco.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." v. -
! Mon., Tues., -Wed., Thurs. and 5at............
9:45 a.' m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays '...... .............1 p. m. and 8:30 p. *n.
Sundays .......... 7.v... I<V3O a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and • offices Mission • Dock, t Pier 8. ■
Telephone Red , 2241. . .
J : ■■■'•■ - ■ -r '■■::-•■■. ■.■■■!■•- .■■•■...-.'. ■-■ ■--,-.'
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
MAOfC SANTA . .
'Mm CATALINA
America's greatest neld for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
! 222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
»T <*%* OAKLAND,
Wsw*foc2\ *3tb and Jefferson Sts.
'i*»il«?l»Ts^^9 Only 33 minutes
pBJ«Sr<n-^'piy rom 6an Fpan *
jMWfJti^.TJxi A Desirable Summer
i»*^2^rSL^ Winter Resort for
' ■*"■"*'"""■ Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
SARATOGA SPEES.
Lake County, Ca.l,
Curative powers of springs and mineral bath*
nnrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor or In San Francisco. 413 Fins street. F.
A, BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT springs,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, flni> water*
tnd baths, cleanest accommodation and tablo,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st.. S. F., »8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad. j
For terms and free pamphlet addreaa R. !
ROBERTSON. Manager.
QU AT 1 HOT SFIUNGS, Sonoma Co
.\i\ /l|l|l.\ Only <H hours from 8. P. and
VnnUUU but 9 miles' staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bat*
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout '
etreams at door; photographers' room; tel»- >
§hone. telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLAB3
BE R VICE; morning and afternoon stagos;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburoa
ftrry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terma, $J a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of tb*
pa6t three years. J. F. MULOREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE,
A Charming Spat to Visit This Snmmsr.
Boats Jree to guests. Fine llshing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen mlle3 from
Truckeo In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It Is !
clean, no poison cak. no pests. And pure air >
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM- :
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
""IS REST HEALTH
GRGHARDSPRINGS
in the foothills of the Sierra Sevadas, nearColfax, onC.P.R.B,
Plain, qolrt retreat, finest xcenerf. wattr. monntaip air,
fruit, and all the year arennd elimste In Cnlirornia.
Ideal p-uuniii an<l»nrroaiiciinp. On R. R., 136 mil i frcmSaa Fran.
$8 a week. Open all your. Send for Booklet.
Address: Orthsrd Snrirsrs. CkicMrt Park. Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place la located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
gcod trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLApE SPAULDINO, Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Franc!»co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest ecenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegaat
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATURAL STEAM AS U MINERAL BATH 9
Tepid Swimming -take. Long-dlstanca Tele-
phone, -Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed. ;
Terma, 110 and $15 per week; $S and $2 50 per i
flay. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
nO4-+m *"» No staging to get there.
IWl* I 1 5l n0 °K. mosquitoes cr
x"aL> i. HIH I (Jl winds whon you are
*■ "^ , there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates ClO, $12, }H a week, j
ry • Round trip tickets $7. W. j
V •*%■#■& ■#% ft C L. Mitchell, Manager; !
jpilflgS F. V. Owen. Agent. Call
LJ 1/1 ISXiLkJ Building.
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COirNTT.
Waters onaurpaased for STOMACH. LIVER,
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs. Lake
County, via S.F. and N. P. R. R.. 19. Terms,
JS -to $10 per week.
W, R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
JLafTkiTkl A T"*ITV SPRINGS,
HOWARD putah p. o.
SLILXJ TV riiViJ' LAKE COUNT 5 V
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special term* to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. «U
Address ' MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
/It TK fiftfin FliriT And Brood treat-
ff TO UUUIILIJtR ment go hand in
C I I R : hand at HOTEL OISELMAN,
HjiV Lakeport. Cal. And good treat-
liUUU LltK ment go hand la
hand at HOTEL QISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor. j
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. I'leasant i
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and !
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and - eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot; J7 '
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale. Cal. I
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. ;
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; purs
eprlng water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantage* for
these who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health , culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena. Sar.!*arium, St. Helena. Cal.
PLANTATION ;.' HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from ■ Cazadero, . on stage Una.
Good trout fishing, . plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of - two or
more; grand ledwood scenery. Address J. !
LUTTTUNGER. Seavlew,. Sonoma County, or.
apply. 13. KRUSE, 207 Front at., 8. F., for par-
ticulars. 1
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER ProprtetM
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINQS.
IRON SPRINQS.
NEW HOTETJ ANI> COTTAGES.
PAm ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 150x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths. «
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager.
EHLAI SPEK,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MLNERAIi
Epiings In America; all iUnds of amuse-
; ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
: Ing alley. First-class accommodations; ratM
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlata.
Ban Francisco office, 316 Montgomery atrsofc.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
Mm springs
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, euch as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
sw.imming pool: billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
tabla good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
|9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
The Place for (\T\ />TT A DT\ In the FOOT-
RESTand HILLS of the
HEALTH SPRINGS
Plain, Quiet Retreat, Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit, and all th« Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal grounds and surroundings. On R.R.,-136 n-.ilesfin S.F.
$8 week. Open all year, send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Fanta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
I hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cna
Mts. ; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, SJ.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop.. South Bea
Lomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh mllkand fruit. Livery
connected. $3 —eek. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June I. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Baa-
wick, Slsklyon County, Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet, bl!l!ard3, etc.; excellent table. Terms:
$S.OO to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELS, pro-
prletor. or I. E. THAYER. 23 California street.
THE WEEKLY CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
jD • News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best \ / Miniog
°J Telegraphic Vv' News That
°\ Service on /\ s Accurato
oc The Coast / \&uptodatft
o{ —
o( Not a Line of it Sensational ■
or Fakyvand Not a Line of
~) it Dry or Uninteresting.
C»C Bright, Clean, I A Champion ol
J Thoughtful. j Truth.
OC
fj k CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
*J ALLTHETIML
O 1 IT ADVOCATES SENT BT
Z) IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT
n HOME. MAIL, Sl.st
INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.
1516
REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION TO
MEET IN SACRAMENTO ON AUGUST 23
State Central Committee
Issues a Call and Adopts
Plans for Electing
Delegates.
Boss Rea Scathingly Denounced
for His Brazen Attempt to
Control the Santa Clara
Contingent.
"Jim" Rea, for years the Republican
boss and bully of • mta Clara County,
known throughout the State as a politi
cal trickster of the worst possib! de-
Beription; has received his quietus at
the hands of the reputable members of
hi* party.
I):irinjj the opening meeting of Ihe
Republican State Central Committee
terday, Rea was cathingly de
nounced by Chairman Frank McLaugh-
Iln and other members of the commit
tee, and to all intents and purposes
driven forth from the ranks of the
purty he has disgraced for so many
years.
The scheme by which h ■ had hoped
to fasten h'.s clutch on the party in
Santa Clara County was defeated by a
unanimou vote, and the people will be
given their first opportunity in years to
express their views at an honest prim
ary and to rid themselves of Rea and
his reprehensible methods.
lownfall of Rea
The
. mittee had m<
ill for
the : g ■ invention. The
call, mmit
tee tl
which :t
I to take up the \ arioua
tions separately.
The . the date for the con
it left the place
. ■
th<
three ; rs voting in favor of Ruef's
mention in
there was
favoi Ing Au
. ■
cd.
The ap] ■ ' one
■ ding
. was
1 to, wiih an amendment provid
ing for one delegate at large from each
ty, and then i a - r ht on the
. and the
Rea.
The call as submitted provided for the
> to the convention
by primaries In counties containing
ably districts. S
confusion followed, from
.1 Interl i ting that
their delegates had already been se
■ know wh
the proposed r would ne<
-
l watched his opportunity, and
when he thought the members had be
come sufficiently mystified
matt r and ready to have it decid*
ary manner as long us a decision was
Qg talk <jti ti'.e I
ships of holding primaries in th" coun
try < an
Iment t" hold primaries only in
count lining lour or more As
sembly districts.
It was a clever scheme, and, had it
carried, it would have exempted Santa
;nty from the primary .
thus giving the naming of t
s hands as ensineer-in
arty machine in that
here were m< mbers on
the floor who were watching for just
BUch id others of his
ilk. and • tnenl ■ tterly
denounced by Yon Schmidt ol via
meda, Flint of Los Angeles and others,
Flint making little or no attempt to
conceal the personality '.-f his remarks,
Whicl ■ I • cted straight :<t i '
The boss of s.i>:ta Clara was ii
ent, however, nor did n< . until
Chairman Frank McLaughlln, em
at the barefaced attempi to us< the
■ Committee to further Flea's foul
job to capture his county delegation,
sprang to his feet, and in ;t voice tr^rn
ADVEIiTISEMENTS.
Tore
41? VV? | C/ 23
CURED BY
CUTICURA
About eight years ago I got sore hands. It
commenced with a burning sensation on my
fingers. When I rubbed them you could ccc
little .bite pimples on the skin, and I felt
like twisting my fingers out of their sockets.
I had high fever and cold chills, and nights
I had to walk tho J'oor until I fell asleep. I
got the Cuticcra Resolvent and Cdticuha
Soap. The nails hardened up and peeled oir,
and I don't believe there is one of the first
nails left on my hands which are now cured.
CASPER DIETSCIILER,
Feb. 22, "JB. Pembroke, Genesee Co., N.Y.
Two dollars' worth of Cuticura Remedies
cured meof Salt Jiheum of twenty j/sars' stand-
ing. My hau«l3 and lingers broke out in red,
watery blistera with terrible itching, then a
ecab would form, which would peel off and
como in great cracks, the blood running out.
My nails KTOw out wrinkled like acow's horns,
but now they are growing ni( ■■ and smooth.
S. R. Ml?.l.i:i: Robertsdale, Pa.
I was obliged to keep the first three fingers
of my little boy's hand done u;> all tho time,
as it was a raw sore, beginning to extend
down toward tho palm. We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
time. A gentleman recommended CuxiouiiA
RF.MF.7nn:. I purchased Ccticcha Soap,
CimcußA (ointment) and CUTICUHA Resoij-
vent, put aside what I had been using, and
began with them. 'Well 1 they aired that hand.
Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 20/03. 161 Brorison Aye., Rochester, N. Y.
Bold tbrourhont tho tr.uid . Por D«ro ahtj Cmni.
Co* Bottun. " llov to 11»T6 Bcajti^Li il»nJ»," XtM.
bling with passion thundered forth such
nunciatlon erf R--a and his methods
as was probably never before heard In
a party council.
Wh'ii McLaughnn declared he would
devote the remainder of his life, if
necessary) to ridding the Republican
party of bossism and boss rule the
members fairly howled their approval,
but though the cheering was terrific,
the major never ceased his denuncia
tion. lit> was too terribly in earnest
to pay heed to the applause his words
illed forth.
Through it all Rea sat grinning im
pudently, and at the close attempted
t" challenge McLaughlin's remarks by
asking If they were directed at him.
But when the chairman, looking him
straight In the eye, replied, "You ought
to know, Mr. Rea, you have had i I
i a boss," the mast' r ■if
. Clara politics hung his head, and
from That time until adjournment hud
nothing more t>> say.
Of course, his job was defeated, and
most of the committee had left
the hall Rea went among a few who
would listen to him. telling- them that
his only object was to avoid so many
primaries^ for under his motion only
i have been necessary in
Santa Clara County, while now three
would nave to be held.
Aside from the turning down of
3 were marked by the
■ nthusiasm and harmony. The
resolutions tendered
Major McLaughlin at the opening of
the session, amended to Include the
"th>-r officers of the committee, were
adopted with loud cheers. Every men
tion of President McKinley's name was
ed with applause, and when
Chairman McLaughlin spoke of the
sweeping Republican
victory next November his hearers in
dorsed the prediction with shout
approval.
Th< *' Chairman McLaughlin
was more than temporary In effect. It
took hold of his listeners I r ad
journment it was the one topic for dis
cussion. There was a feeling that the
major was entitled above all others to
such honor as the party he had served
well could bestow, i'.ut
while he appreciated this feeling
was absolute in his declination I
Lge it. Many people high In party
s called upon him u> congratulate
him upon his denunciation of boss rule,
and to say to him that If he would but
consent I the nomination for
rnor his support from the party
would be unanimous and enthusiastic
and his i lection certain.
"Gentlemen." said the major, and he
hail to reiterate the sentiment to
others, "I esteem my friends, I have
t,i my party my time and my
efforts, but I cannot accept any
however honorable As much as
I love my party, as long as I have
worked for it. as dear as its Buccesa is
to me, I would set- it defeated before I
would waver in this determination."
To all the urging of his associates he
turned a deaf ear. His resolution was
fixed and final. "If any of you know
a %vay in which I can express myself
more forcibly," he said, "I am ready to
accept the amendment."
But realizing what his devotion had
been, th" worth of his services, the
high value he set upon the success of
the party, they could think of no
amendment. So far as office is con
cerned Major McLaughlin placed him
self beyond all consideration. There
were many expressions of rgret, but
no question as to the gentleman's sin
cerity. With preferment within easy
reach he thrust it aside. He refused
reward freely tendered, and made plain
the fact that his loyalty to the party
had In it no selfish purpose. The party
is welcome to his counsel, Bure of his
support. For the filling' of its offices It
will have to look elsewhere. The posi
tion of the major is regarded* as almost
unique In polities.
It was 1:46 o'clock when the com
mltteemen took their seats in Golden
Gate Hall and Maior McLaughlin called
the meeting to order. A call of the roll
showed that there were but few ab
sentees, and the majority of those who
were unable to attend were represented
by proxies.
"Gentlemen of the committee," said
the chairman, "I congratulate, you and
tip Repul.licfin party on the interest
shown in party affairs by the large at
tendance. I thank you on< and ;ill for
the wipe find able support and counsel
from th» executive officers during the
last campaign. By united action, Cali
fornia was again placed in the Republi
can line and assisted in giving us Presi
dent McKlnley. The party is to-day
in splendid working order, and there is
no doubt that in "the next campaign
we will win another great and sweep
ing: victory."
At this point Frank Coombs of Napa
arose ond introduced the following
resolutions, thanking- Major McLaugh
lin for his able administration of the
affairs of office:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Re
publlcan party of the State of California
are due, and that they are hereby given,
through its representatives in committee
moled, to Major Frank MrLaughlin,
for the able administration of the affairs
of his office aa chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee; fur his efforts In the last
campaign, bringing victory out of appa
rent defeat, and tor holding the party
together from that time to the present,
thereby keeping the Republican organi
zation intact, and insuring a united effort
for the future.
Among the many able and distinguished
gentlemen who, during the past forty
. have led the party of freedom and
progress in the various political cam
jns In this State as chairman of this
committee, it Is do disparagement to any
to say thai Maim- McLaughJln is the peer
Of any of his long and brilliant ||
predecessors in the extent and value of
his services to the Republican party, by
constant exercise of a wise foresight,
a unif'Tin courtesy and tact in dealing
with difficult and vexatious questfoi
unfailing degree of patience, a hi^h sense
of justice and Integrity, and by maintain
ing a permanent headquarters of the com
mittee throughout the year, and an un
remitting personal attention to all of the
iua duties of his position. I'.y < !
erclse of all these amiable chare
tics he has not only earned the thanks
of this committee, but he has personally
endeared himself to its members.
Resolved, That the thanks of this com
mittee are extended to Secretary M }>
Higgins, Assistant Secretory J. Btep
pacher, Treasurer Pajris Kilbiirn, and to
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JTTLY 24, 1808.
CALL FOR REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
THE Republican St<ite Ceutral Committee of California, having
met to call the party electors to 01 activity for the
coining campaign, takes this Opportunity to declare devotion
to the political principles outlined nnd advocated by the La«t
national convention of the party in the platform adopted at St..
Louis two years ago. At the same time we would express to our great
leader, the honored chief executive of »lu< nation, William BfcXlnley,
our heartfelt congratulations for the profound wisdom and
terly statecraft with which lie hns guided the affairs of our coun
try during the momentous period of hi* administration.
Under Republican principles and a Republican President the
United States are already reaping the b^npiits of returning pros
perity, the honor and integrity of the nation are fully vindicated,
and we are once more a thortmghly united people. Wp heartily
indorse the acts of the administration, including tin conduct of
the war with Spain, the acquisition of Hawaii and the general
management of the affairs of the country.
It is apparent to all that new and great problems of govern
ment will arise as a result of the war forced upon our country In
the cause of humanity. Questions of vast consequence, affecting
the control and management of acquired territory and our rela
tions with the other great nations of the earth, will soon require
solution. The American people may confidently look to the Repub
lican party and President McKinley so to solve those questions as
will result in the highest welfare of our own country.
California should be especially loyal to the Republican party
— the party of enterprise, progress and equal rights. Our State
government, both of our Senators and all our members of the
House of Representatives, should be in political harmony with the
national administration.
In issuing the call for the next State convention we appeal to
the good sense and patriotism of the people of this great State to
exhibit such wisdom and activity in the coming campaign, includ
ing the holding or preliminary caucuses, voting at primary elec
tions, attendance on conventions and the management of the cam
paign to the closing of the polls on election day, as will certainly
give this desired result:
1. A State convention of the Republican party of the State of
California is hereby called to meet in the city of Sacramento on
the 23d day of August, 1898, at the hour cf 1 o'clock p. m., to
nominate candidates for State offices to be voted for at the general
election to be held in the State of California, on the Bth day of No
vember, 1898. to select a new State Central Committee, and to
transact such other business as may be brought before said con
vention.
2. The apportionment of delegates to said convention shall
be: One delegate at large from each county and one delegate for
each 200 votes cast for D. E. McKinlay, who received the highest
number of votes for Republican Presidential elector in 1896, and
one additional delegate for each fraction of 100 votes or over.
3. Delegates chosen to said convention shall also be dele
gates to the district convention in the respective districts from
which they were selected, for the nomination of Railroad Commis
sioners and members of the State Board of Equalization.
The last State convention upon May 5, 1896, resolved as fol
lows:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this convention that all del
egates to the county, district and State conventions of the Rspub
lican party should be elected at primaries, or caucuses, iegularly
colled by the County Central Committees of the several counties
for that purpose; and that only such delegates as are so selected at
such primaries, or caucuses, shall be seated in any of the conven
tions of the pirty hereafter to be held."
4. The several county committees shall make provision for
and have full control of primary elections, or caucuses, for the se
lection of said delegates in accDrdance witn the said -resolution;
provided that this resolution shall not apply to counties in which
delegates have afroady been selected, and the said selection of del
egates are hereby ratified and confirmed. .
In counties having three or more Assembly districts, pri
mary elections must be held and must be held by Assembly dis
tricts.
The County Committee shall give at least ten days' notice of
the primary election, or caucus, for the selection of delegates to
said convention, and must provide for two voting places, and as
many more as may be necessary in each Assembly district where
primaries are held, and the polls at such primary elections must
be kept open at least twelve hours.
The chairman and secretary of the several county committees
shall forward to the secretary of the State Central Committee a
list of the delegates elected, at least three days before the day fixed
for the meeting of the State convention.
All contests, together with a full written statement of the
grounds of said contests, must be filed witn the secretary of the
State Central Committee before noon of the day fixed for the meet
ing of the State convention.
Those only shall be allowed to vote at the primaries and par
ticipate in the caucuses whose names are upon the register of vot
ers or who present a certificate of registration from the proper of
fice, and who, under challenge, make oath or affirmation as follows:
"I will vote at the ensuing general election for the nominees
of the Republican party"; provided that in the city and county of
San Francisco the register of voters in use at the last election shall
be used.
5. Congressional district conventions of the Republican party
for the nomination of candidates for the House of Representatives in
the various Congressional districts, and for the selection of Con
gressional committees for the respective Congressional districts,
shall be held at a time and plac9 and according to an apportion
ment of delegates to be specified by the Congressional committees
of the respective Congressional districts. Delegates + o said Con
gressional district conventions shall be selected in each county of
such Congressional district in such manner as the respective county
committees therein may determine; provided that in every county
having three or more Assembly districts, such delegates must be
elected at a primary election to oe held at such time and place and
in such manner as such respective county committees shall decide;
provided that this resolution shall not apply to counties in which
delegates have already been selected, but the said selections of
delegates are hereby ratified and confirmed.
6. The apportionment of delegates to each ccunty under this
call shall be as follows:
County. Vote. Delegates.
Alameda 13429 68
Alpine 40 1
Amador 1144 7
Butte 2075 11
Calaveras 1541 9
Colusa 581 4
Contra Costa... 1834 10
Del Norte 345 3
El Dorado 1130 7
Fresno 2680 14
Glenn 479 3
Humboldt 5142 17
Inyo 266 2
Kern 1413 8
Kings 673 4
Lake 540 4
Lassen 420 3
Los Angeles.... 16891 35
Madera 452 3
Marin 1448 8
Marisposa 563 4
Mendocino 2092 11
Merced 583 4
Modoc 300 3
Mono 259 2
Monterey 1278 10
Napa 2032 11
Nevada 1935 11
Orange 1932 11
7. The attention of all Republican city, county and district
conventions is called to the law providing for th 6 filling of any va
cancies that may occur in nominations made by said conventions
after the adjournment thereof.
FRANK MCLAUGHLIN. Chairman.
M. R. HIGGINS, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, July 23, 1898.
County. Vote. Delegates.
Placer 1890 10
Plumtfs 576 4
Riverside 2068 11
Sacramento .... 4600 24
San Benito 720 5
San Bernardino 2819 15
San Diego 3631 12 '
San Francisco 31041 155
San Joaquin.... 3500 19
S. Luis Obispo 1671 9
San Mateo 1507 9
Santa Barbara 2004 11
Santa Clara 6315 33
Santa Cruz 1969 11
Shasta 1210 7
Sierra 707 5
Siskiyou 1473 8
Solano 2702 16
Sonoma 4053 21
Stanislaus 1007 6
Sutter 796- 5
Tehama 969 6
Trinity 502 4
Tulare 1410 8
Tuolumne 834 5
Ventura 1553 9
Yolo 1485 8
Yuba 1204 7
the Other officers and employes of the
tor their faithful and I
liable services to the organization and to
iii" Republican party.
The resolutions were adopted amid
gxeal applause.
The following resolutions, extending
jrmpathy of the State Committee
to the family of the lat<=> Cornelius
O'Connor, were next introduced by
Paris Kilburn and unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, Tt has pleased Providence to
remove from our midai Cornelius O'Con
nor, a membfl* of the executive rommit
tee of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, and for many years actively
identified In various capacities, not only
as ji eltisen, but as a member of the
Republican party; therefore, be It
Ived, That In the death of Corne
•'Connor the ctty and State In which
he lived for many years have lost a rood
and loyal citizen, the party a valued
member, .'111(1 this committee hereby ex
tends to his bereaved family their sln
•; in their present afflic
tion.
"The next order of business," said
the ' alrmaji, "will be the reading of
the call for a State convention adopted
by the executive committee. It was
proposed," he continued, "to expedite
matters. It was drafted simply for
your convenience, and it remains with
you to either indorse ur reject it."
Secretary Eliggins then read the call,
. after a few minor amendments
had been made, was adopted.
The apportionment " f delegates was
ti. m taken up. The call provided for
732 delegates, none of whom were to be
elected a( I
Then followed th>- liveliest !noidf>nt of
the meeting. Chairman McLaughlln
;m<l advancing, gavol in hand to
the front <>f the stage, gave utterance
to wrorda that painfully dinned in the
ears of Rea ana hlsh 1 s small clique.
"For the last two years
I have devoted my time and
energies, without hope or
desire of reward, to the
success of the Republican
party. I have devoted my
time da\ and night to that
cause with no desire for re
ward past, present or to
come except the success of
the Republican party. 1
now say to you that I will
not only devote the next
two years to the same
cause, but will devote the
remainder of my years —
even my life— in opposition
to boss rule, corruption in
politics and domination of
corporations, It is my de
sire that we get close to
the hearts of the people,
and I hope and trust that
you will by your action
: here to-day evidence the
fact that the Republican
party is the party of the
people, and that I repre
sent its true sentiments in
my declaration against
I boss rule, corruption in |
j every form and the insidi=
I ous inroads o? the corpo
rations upon the rights of
the people.
"The knowledge that has
come to me through the
official position that I have
held and the close atten
tion I have given to the in
terests of the party during
the last two years has en
abled the executive com
mittee to so frame a call
for a convention that boss,
and gag rule shall have no
place in our councils, but
that the will of the people
shall be supreme."
tore Major MeLaughlin had con
cluded his remarks the commit teemen
wi re <t. their feet, wildly cheering and
tossing their hats in the air. Such a
mstration lias seldom before been
sen. It was fully live minutes b<
order could be restored. Some of the
committeemen cheered until their
throats gave out.
Rea realized that he had met his
Waterloo and that th«* shackles of his
political bondage over Santa Clara
tty \\vre aliou; to he broken. He
■d to speak, but th< nmittee
men were Impatient, and by an almost
unanimous vote the amendment was
lost.
Cheering again followed the an
:ement, and Rea looked thunder
struck.
"1 accept this boss rule proposition,"
he exclaimed, wheTl he had somewhat
recovered from the shock to his sensi
tive i liti;';:! nerves.
"Very good, Mr. Rea," replied Chair
man MeLaughlin, in withering tones.
"You ought to be a very good judge of
it."
The comiattteemen laughed and
cheered again, and Rea took his seat.
Alter a moment's hesitation Rea de
termined to try a new tack. He con
tended the vote indorsing the recom
utive Jir.mittee
was given in support of his amend
ment. It was the clutching of a
drowning man at a nhantom straw.
There was a chorus of "No" from all
parts of the hall.
"If there is any doubt on the score of
the vote," said Flint of Los Angeles, "I
moye that the matter be reconsidered
and another vote taken after the ques
tion has been stated."
' ""I second that motion," said Thresher
of San Joaquin.
"There is not the least doubt con
cerning the vote and the wishes of
this committee." replied the chairman.
The recommendations of the executive
committee have been adopted. That
ends the matter."
Rea .saw that it was useless to at
tempt the bulldozing tactics so often
employed by him in Santa Clara
County, and, bitter as the pill was, he
Swallowed it.
"I am willing to withdraw my mo
tion," said he, "because I never was
opposed b> primaries."
"Of course you never were," inter
rupted a eommitteeman in the rear of
the hull in ironical tones.
"That's all right," resumed Rea, "I
want it understood that I was solely
actuated by a desire to advance the
interests of the Republican party in
Santa Clara County."
"Of course you were," shouted an
other of the committepmen.
Rea took his seat and vainly attempt
ed to smile, but it wasn't "the sa 4 ne
old smile" he usually gave when he
held the lash in his hand over conven
tions in Santa Clara County.
Ruef of San Francisco suggested that
Z , 2 ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
. . . IN ...
Three Departments!
On MONDAY, July 25th, and during balance of the week
we will offer the following six exceedingly cheap lines of
goods:
15 pieces Plaid Taffeta Silks, extra quality,
22 inches wide, latest colorings and
Swiss manufacture.
$1.00 Yard.
"Worth SLSS.
25 pieces Printed India Silks, 24 inches
wide, all white and light colored
grounds.
sOc Yard.
"VVortli 75c a,nd 81.00 Yard.
15 pieces Black English Figured Brilliant-
ines, 3 different styles, goods 38
inches wide.
sOc Yard.
Worth 750.
30 pieces 52-inch Black Diagonal Tailor
Suiting.
75c Yard.
Worth 00.
18 pieces 48-inch French Bourette, in
navys and browns only.
sOc Yard.
Pormer Price 51.25,
20 pieces Fancy Wool Cheviots, eight
different colorings.
25c Yard.
R»edu.oed trom 500.
111. 113. 115. 111. 119. 121 POST STREET.
to avoid any confusion, a special pr>
vision be made allowing the use of the
canceled registers in San Francisco in
addition to allowing those who may
have become voters here since the reg
istration two years ago to vote on the
presentation of a certificate from the
Registrar.
A motion to that effect was made
and unanimously carried.
Another discussion arose as to
whether the delegates already elected
in several interior countit 1 would be
allowed to sit in the Congressional Dis
trict conventions.
Some of the delegates said that they
were in doubt on that score, as the call
provided for delegates to Congressional
District conventions. They had fol
lowed the old course of electing dele
gates to the State convention, these
delegates to meet also in district con
ventions for the nomination of Con
gressmen, members of the Board of
State Equalization and Railroad Com
missioners. "-■"
It was exolained that the call would
not interfere with the work of the
counties that had already elected dele
gates, and that it was not necessary
that a different set of delegates should
be elected to the Congressional conven
tions. The delegates who will here
after be elected to the State, the Board
of Equalization and the Railroad Com
mission convention may also be
elected to the Congressional conven
tions.
The call for the convention, as
amended, was then unanimously
adopted.
The following resolution, adopted by
the executive committee of tire State
League of Republican Clubs, was pre
sented by Cutter of Yuba:
Resolved, That the State League of Republi
can Clubs hereby tenders to the Republican
State Committee Its undivided support and con
tinued assistance for the campaign about, to be
opened. Thj League has no object but the suo
cess of the Republican party and to secure that
success we will stand by the* committee In its
labors; will help to flght Its battles, and will
neither ask nor accept cessation from our ef
forts until the Republican banner floats over
the last fallen fortress of the enemy at the
close of election day.
Attest: JAMES M. OLIVER.
Secretary State League Republican Clubs.
An invitation from the Union League
Club extending the courtesies of the
club to the committeemen was accept
ed with a vote of thanks.
The committee then adjourned, after
glvinp three hearty cheers for Presi
dent McKlnley and the Republican
party.
Central League Meeting.
The Central League, I. J. Truman,
present, held a meeting in Metropoli
tan Hall last night, at which Merton
C. Allen, Judge R. B. Carpenter,
Charles J. King, W. 11. Schooler and
others spoke.
Thoroughly Posted.
True to his spirit of commendable en
terprise, John A. Benson, the well
known land agent and engineer, has
Just returned from Washington, D. C,
where he has made arrangements with
the most eminent attorneys handling
Revenue and Treasury Department
cases to obtain prompt and speedy ad
justment of all claims or unnecessary
complications arising under the new
tariff and war revenue law: also cases
arising under the trade regulations of
the Philippine and Hawaiian islands,
and to -procure the return of duties un
justly paid. His efforts will be to secure
prompt action and avoid all unneces
sary complications. This is in addition
to his well-known business of engineer
ing and securing titles for public lands.
Inquiries will be promptly answered
and information furnished about the
latest decisions", whether the parti--*
employ him or not, by applying to John
A. Benson, 508 Montgomery street, San
Francisco.
fcWells-Fp.rgo Agent Bobbed.
BIGGS. July 23.— While I. G. Setzer,
agent for the "Wells-Fargo Express Com
pany, was at dinner to-day, thieves broke
in the back door of his office and robbed
the till, setting over $20. They made an
unßuecessful attempt to blow open the
safe.
First Congressional District.
After the committee adjourned, the
members present from the First Con
gressional District met to decide upon a
time and place for holding the Con
gressional District nominating conven
tion. They all favored the plan of mak
ing the nomination at Sacramento, and
a call will be issued foi a convention
to meet there on August 23. It was
also decided to elect the same dele
gates to the Congressional convention
and the State convention proper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O o
♦ CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ♦
6 $7,75 DINING $7.75 »
? L TABLES. ♦
o 7 ', p
♦ 6-Foot Extension Table, finished j
+ in Antique, next week - - $2.75 ♦
o ' o
£ It pays to be on the alert. Don't o
O wait for values to come to you, but 4,
+ go where values arc. We'll give you Z
q advantage in many things, but the V
♦ greatest advantage Is the price. T
1 O
9 OUR PRICES, WHETHER CASH ♦
T or LITTL.E-AT-A-T": are LOTVER r»
O THAN THOSE OF CASH HOUSES. V
o — S
♦ J. NOON AN, o
♦ Complete House-Furnisher, q
J 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, ♦
O Above Sixth. /x;-";
♦ Phone South 14. Open Evenings, o
O '
-9-0-*-0-*-0-«-0-*-o^-0-*-0-«'0-*-0^-0-*-0-*-0-*-
jbL\ FINE TAILORING
perfect fit, best of
j^p|m, WOBXJHAHSHIP, at .
|f|||||li 25 per cent Less than Other
IS Taiiors Charge, Go to
\m FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at .
► 25 per cent Less than Other
Taiiors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIHf
I ifli All Wool Suits to* IO , <rOr
I I 1 Order lroms>lZ t0 $00
/ I I Pants from ...s4to .$ J Q
r^- 1^ 201 and 203 Montgomery SL,
B*4 and 846 Market St.,
1 10 and If t2 Market SL, San Francisco.
DR.MCMLTI^
rrrnsr.-Er.L AND RKLLVBLE OM»
JL SpetlKlW cmtm Prlvate.Nervous.Hioodui.e Siclu
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
»ypars'"xpcrience. Send for Book.free. I'atlents
cured at Horn?. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9t03
dally to B.:»cy'ca. Saiidays,lotol2. Onstilta-
U»u free aud sacredly confldentla'. Call oraddxeM
*». RONt'OE SicSVITT. M. l»^
26!-» KEARNY BTSEET, BAS FHANCISCO. CAL
\M. T.HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st.. below PowelL
San Francisco. ■
poison OAK.
j; A few applications of MRS. M. A. CURTIS'
HERB OINTMENT will quickly cure It For
sale by all druggists. 23 cents per box.THE KILLING OF "SOAPY" SMITH AT THE HEAD OF HIS GANG WHILE TRYING TO BREAK UP
IHE MEETING OF THE LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS AT SKAGUAY ALASKA.
SKAGUAT, July 9.— The five
• thousand people of this |
rday thrown into the
grr-atfcrit excitement by one of
the- most terrible outbreaks of
lawlessness in the history of the
Coast.
Fl)r time past the notorious
Ja " >v! ' tth, of
Alaska fame, ■
re, roundc-rs and ' have
•lie shell . - aure
thing ?ani(!s, and robbing |
□ the trail to • uf
j* t<e • been holding the high
Band in Skaguay and terrorizing
•very;
Soapy; Smith's methods were many.
Among hfs recent operations was to
have cabins fixed up for his business
at different locatlofla around town,
Regular business signs over the doors
deceived strang-ers, for members of
his gang stood over all these traps.
On the arrival of the passenger ves
sols Soapy would detail his men at the
wharf to hoodwink .strangers and
brin^ them to these dens. Some 'of
the places would ostensibly, be inform
ation bureaus; others were conducted
as pack train offices; and others as cut
rate ticket offices for Dawson.
The office for the pack train service
was the most successful, as most
every one coming here has more or less
packing to do. Soopy's rates for work
were always a little better than those
In the actual business houses.
After getting a victim's promise to
carry an outfit. Soapy would ask for a
deposit: just a guarant as he said
that the freight would not be given to
an one else. When the victim would
take out his wallet to make the pay
ment some member of the gang would
.grab the sack from his hand Then
some one else In the gang would pre
tend to get Indignant and swear he
would not stand by and see a man
robbed In that way. The whole gang
would then make a rush for the thief
In the scuffle some one would knock
down the victim. By the time he was
htened up the gang would be
g.one.
*. These robberies were openly prac
ticed by day as well as by night The
grang was bold and indifferent to all
law and order, and did Pretty much as
"To-day the first lot of miners came in
from Dawson City on their way to
their homes, with their winter's clean
up of gold dust. Bo much dust in tran
sit about town was too good a thin*
for Soapy's ganff to let pass. So one
of hB.h 8 . m J i. was detailed to cultivate
t.h.' friendship of some of the returned
Klondikers. This fellow readily made
the acquaintance of one J. D. Stewart
and induced him to exhibit his gold'
dust to the gang. They had cajoled
him into .believing: that their sole de
THE CALL SUNDAY EDITION
END OF "SOAPY" SMITH,BAD MAN
sire in life was to see the appearance
of real Klondike gold' dust; they, Bald
they wanted to see If it differed in ap
pearance from the dust of other min
ing localities.
Stewart unwittingly went to the
merchant's safe, wh.-r<? he had depos
ited his olean-up on arriving in town,
and returned with the bag, containing
$3,000.
The g.';!i!< circled around him asking
question.*. ■ or,- fellow I
behind reached over and grabbed the
sack; another Btruch him a blow for
trying to rob Stewart, and knocked
him out <>f the door. The gang then
began lighting among themselves, and
in the scrimmage one of them made
away with the sack.
This deed brought the Skaguay citi
zens to a realization of their position
and duty n the protection of life and
property. ■
The merchants at once called a meet
>nK t < | vigilance commit
tee to order Soapy Smith and nil such
characters out of town.
The City Marshal is said to have
Stood in on the •divvy" with the gang,
ar.d would not interfere or serve
papers for th-lr ;i rr.-st
While this mass meeting of law
abiding citizens was in progress,
Smith got word of it. Winchester rifle
in hand, and with his followers, which
he called "The Skaguay Militta." at
his heels, he marched down the street
to the place of meeting. Soapy was
swearing as he went along that he
would scatter that crowd, and teach
them not to Interfere in his business.
Hundreds of the terror stricken peo
ple rushed to their homes to arm them
selves. ,
The first man Soapy met at the door
of the meeting was Mr. Keid, City Sur
veyor. Soapy struck him over the
head with his rifle and then fired at
him.
Reid fell to the ground wounded. He
wrenched his pistol from hia belt and
fired two shots at Smith, Koth bullets
took effect and he died instantly.
Reid was dangemusly wound d.
Inside of ten minutes all tho lights
in town were turn.-! out. Even
thought it was going to be a fight to
a finish. Th«- law abiding people grab
l.fvl their guns and gathered In the
middle of the street. Thf>y appointed a
new City Marshal. Then in squads
and with guns cocked th^y encircled
the town to round up th» outlaws.
An armed committee 01 twenty-five
citizens commeno-d their work on tJSe
inside to take the balance of the crim
inals dead <>r alive.
Wht-n Soapy 's gnrig saw the deter
mination of the poop!<? they quit, and
all wf»re capturod but on^. He was the
thief who stole Stewnrt's gold dust. A
special squad was detailed to root rim
out of his hiding place. He will have
hard work to escape.
The gang has promised to tell whore
he lr and to give up the dust provid
ing the committee will rot hang- him.
The law- and order party feela highly
elated over the success of its night's
work. Assurances <>«• protection have
been made to the miners and traveling
py Smith, the ueed leader of this
fizlng gang, was born at Camilla,
brother in Washington, D. C.
J. P. COX.
SKAGUAY, July 21.-The citizens'
committee has held daily sessions since
the killing of "Soapy" Smith, and up
to the time the Farallon left had suc
<■•: >1 in ridding Skaguay of nearly
ail of its objectionable characters A
number of suspects are still In charge
of the committee. United States Dep
uty Marshal Taylor has been charged
with neglect of duty and attempt
exto: t money, and is und-r . ;
t0 v - Grand Jury in
Sitka next November. Nine others
have also been committed and taken to
Sitka <m the steamer.
Captain V.- ;i tman of th° United
States army, with a detachment of bol
diers, is in Skaguay and was contem
plating putting- the town under mili
tnry rule, fearing that summary pun
ishment would be administered, but
finally accepted the assurance of th*
committee that all persons In their
charge would be given an imp
hearing. The town still remains in the,
control of the citizens' committee.
After the burial of "Soapy" Smith
the committee took charge of his prem-
Ises and effecta and a search of the
former resulted In the finding of the
sack of dust stolen from Stewart. The
sack was found in a trunk in a build
ing at the rear of Smith's saloon. >,'.-;ir
ly all of the $2775 stolen was reoovered.
It was rumored that other evidenc :a
of foul play and robbery were found
but the o-nimittee will not make any
thing public until it has finished its
work.
When the FaraHon left everything
was quiet. Saloons were closed day
and night. The committee has been
petitioned by saloon keepers to reopen
a:id were willing: to give a guarantee
that their houses would be kept in
first-class order, but their request has
not yet been granted.
• • * • »
AS to the antecedents of Soapy
Smith, upon whose grave tho
earth of Skaguay's cemetory is
yet fresh, little is generally
known, and that little is not Im
portant. He tirst reached fame while
operating in Denver, where he com
bined With rare skill the vocations of
thief, gambler and politician. From
fho last he derived the pull whereby he
was enabled safely to pursue the
oihers.
At one time he was a power in the
Colorado city, and no crime in which
he engaged could keep him in jail for
more than a few moments. He would
irrested at midnight for a serious
offens". and after an early breakfast
' be on the street as gay as a lark super
intending a primary with a view to
purifying municipal government^ chat
ting with policemen, his air being that
ension, or showing a visitor
from the country the lnutility of guess
ins: which walnut shell had a pea un
der it. Nothing: could embarrass him.
His quality of cheek Has never been
d, and this s Ity on oc
<•;,;■;, . ri>urage. His
death at Skaguay was a fitting end, but
tardy, very tardy.
To be truthful it becomes necessary
to dispel one illusion concerning Smith.
He was not an educated man. On the
contrary, he was ignorant. Far from
being a master of French and Spanish,
he never mure than half conquered
plain English. He was a plausible
talker, as many learned by an exp r
)•■!:■ c which cost them all the coin they
had available when his dulcet tones
wooed them to his den, but his gram
mar was hardly up to the gambling
room average. However, had h*- pos
sessed a moral nature which would
have kept his talents from going a / r y
he might have been a leader of men,
for wherever he happened to be there
red about him ruffians and scoun
drels who looked upon him as master
and faithfully brought to him the
spoil of their raids on the unwary. For
these scurvy chaps he was always
ready to fight with pistols or to put up
bail. For in his peculiar way Soapy
war; always true to his friends. His
selection of friends was bad.
There is not a trick kuown to confi
dence men in which Boapy was not ex
pert. He had practiced them all. had
won thousands, and, unless? he acquired
new habits in Alaska, frittered it all
away. Hi;-, delight In spending money
was as great as his joy in stealing it
to expend. Not only was he generous,
but having won a large stake he in
variably made straight for a faro game
and, as he expressed it, blew it all in.
Sometimes he was lucky, and then he
would say gleefully: "Boys, I win a
thousand lafit night off old Bell. Have
a drink with mo." What was not ex
hausted in treating the crowd, in loans
to others who hadn't "win out," was
• get in Ball's sooner or later.
In his earlier Denver days Soapy was
not Hush. When he did not have the
means to play bank he would buy a
bar <>f laundry Boap, borrow a "few
twenty dollar bills and proceed to re
coup. It was by this he got the name
which has out-lasted him. lit- would
cut the soap into minature squares,
wrap the pieces in tissue paper, and
standing on the street corner display
the lot In an open satchel held on a
tripod. The p.iblic would be invited to
purchase "Dental soap, the finest
preparation for the teeth ever com
pounded: good also to soften the skin,
polish the nails and warranted not to
harm a child." Three pieces of this in
valuable adjunct to the toilet could be
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
"HE DIED WITH HIS BOOTJ OH'!
had for half a dollar. Soapy's keen
gray eyes would scan the throng for a
buyer.
At first there would be no response.
Then he would take from his pocket
one of the borrowed twenties, unwrap
a piece of the soap, enclose it in the
money, rewrap It and throw it Into the
satchel. Sometimes he would repeat
this several times, at last inviting the
spectators to pick out the pieces they
thought contained the bills. Of course
there was no difficulty in doing this.
Then cupidity would be aroused, and
at the point where buyers were tum
bling over each other to get to the
satchel, the trick came In.
It's an old trick, but nobody ever did
it ?n well as Soapy. The packages
which should have had the money
simply didn't have it. Nobody ever
captured a single piece of money, and
yet the crowd would not stop trying as
long as the soap lasted. By this time
Soapy would have enough to keep him
amused at faro for a night.
But this scheme seemed to him petty,
and as a rulf> he held himself above it.
He much preferred quicker returns. It
was more to his tnste to work a rus
tic for a purse of money. He started
a gambling rooms with r-very robbing
device known to the craft. The games
appeared as fair as .->thpr games, but
they were all crooked. Nobody had a
chance of winning, for cards wrc
Soapy" Smith on His Way to Round Up His Gang and Break Up the Meeting of the
Vigilance Comrr)ittee.
From a Photograph Taken for The Sunday Call.
stacked and the most ingenious de
vices used for skinning patrons. If any
visitor showed a disinclination to play
he was sold a gold mine which never
existed, induced to invent in fictitious
stock. As a last resort he was quietly
"touched" and thrown without unnec
essary violence into the street.
But one day Denver had a spasm of
virtue, and concluding that Boapy had
nourished too long began to insist that
the police drive him away.- He went to
a suburb, but the city extended so as
to embrace the suburb, and Soapy had
to look for other fields. He found one,
and is buried in it.
Once the Smith gang got hold of a
miner who had boasted of being able
to write an acceptable check for" $5000.
Gathering of the Vigilance Committee at SKagway on the Day Stewart Was Robbed
and "Soapy" StTjith Was Killed at the Head of His Gang.
From a Photograph Taken for The Sunday Call. '
They ascertained that the boast was
well founded, and they kept hold of the
miner. When they had him workably
drunk they accused him of lying, de
claring a disbelief In the allegation
that he had a cent on deposit. The
min^r becoming indignant offered to
bet that his word and his paper were
good. So a wager was made and
the stakes together with a cht/pk for
$5000 placed in the safe. The miner
kept on drinking until he had reached
the stage of being paralyzed, when he
was tucked in bed. The sun was high
in the heavens before he awoke, but
it had n^t been very high before
Soapy or some of his pals were at the
bank. The first check presented wag
the one for $5000 and it was promptly
cashed. When the miner awoke he was
indignant, but he gained nothing by
this beyond a compromise. Soapy and
the gancr divided the booty.
But this man soapy was known to
be generous. He would give money to
a beggar and delighted to shower it
upon friends. One time he met a news
paper man on th« streets "f Denver.
The journalist in his pursuit of his
calling had frequent occasion to call
the confidence man a thief, but Soapy
viewed this in a strictly professional
light and nov<=>r manifested the-slight
est hard feeling.
"Hello, Dick." he r"mark>d. "Come
in and have a hat with me."
They happentd to have met in front
of a hat a.nd furnishing su.r^.
"Tou 'l<m't owe me any hats." Dick
responded, but Soapy insisted. The hat
was purchased, and then Smith re
marked that the reporter was wearing
a rather shabby overcoat. As before,
he was insistent, and Dick asked an ex
planation.
•'lts just this way," said Soa >y. "I
win out a couple of hundred selling
soap. It's in my clothes right now. I'm
on my way to Cliff Bell's u< play bank
and tryin" to spend It before I get there,
for that old son-of-a-gun will get every
cent I don't manage to drop between
here and his game."
Soapy's personality was not attrac
tive. He was hardly up to medium size,
dressed carelessly, spoke quietly. It
was only when there was a victim in
sight that he became interesting. He
had a keen but wandering eye. He
was continually on the lookout lest one
of his numerous dupes might be in
clined to take a shot at him. But ha
had all the honor of the gambler, a
strange quality hard to define. A thief
by instinct and training, his I O U
was good for its face. If he borrowed
$100, raying he would pay it at 11
o'clock next day, at the hour he would
be at the appointed spot with the
money, even if he had to rob somebody
to "btain it. In fact, from the time
Soapy reached the years of manhood
there fa no probability that he ever
earned honestly so much as a cent.
Pictures of Smith show that at the
time of his rleath h" wore a beard.
When th»' star banko artist of Denver
he had only a mustache, and the face
revealed had every appearance of
frankness. This first impression was
heightened by the smoothness of his
tongue. Nobody ever accused Soapy
of being a coward. He had shot and
been shot at ir.any times before a bul
let reached the proper spot. He did not
hesitate to face heavy odds, and with
unriffled mem. he took a gambler's
chances. Anybody who had known
him could easily imagine him as riding
agrainst the throng gathered to rebuke
him and his kind, and if he knew the
shots he himself fired had touched the
mark, no doubt he felt a gleam of joy
just as he passed over.
Then he went to Alaska, and from
the moment of his arrival there his
record was one of crime and violence.
He even went so far as to organize his
chnsen thugs into a military company
and offer their services to the country.
The Government thanked him, but did
not accept, and the company stayed in
the far north to plunder until *he
leader was killed and the subordinates
scattered before the wrath of the popu
lace.
It will be long before the world shall
see another like Soapy, one so un
scrupulous, so brazen, so despicable, yet
brave and loyal to his "friends." H. j.18
Good Stories By L eading Actors
PESSIONAL comedians are seldom or never
funny in real life, yet all of them are actors in
scenes upon the real stage of existence that are
quite as funny as any in which they ever take
part upon the mimic stage of the theater. In
response to a request that they would relate the
funniest thing that has ever come under their observa
tion, some famous stage favorites furnish the follow
ing anecdotes:
About as funny a thing as I can recall in a theatri
cal way just at this moment is a story about Tom
Keene, the tragedian, which
EDWARD HARRIGAN. no one tells better or laughs
t at more merrily than himself.
It was many years ago, when he was leading man at
Is' Museum in New York, which was managed by
the late George Woods. Louis Msstayer was the co
median of the company at Woods' Museum at the time
of which I speak. Every theater had a permanently
located stock company at that time. Both Keene and
Mestayer suffered from an irresistible tendency to guy,
which in stage parlance means to do everything pos
sible to make one's self and everybody else on the
Btage laugh, especially in the most solemn scenes. As
the company at Woods' had to play at twelve per
formances a week— every afternoon and every night,
and not infrequently had three or four parts a week
to study, it will be readily understood that many of
the members were not always letter perfect by any
means, and often spoke more lines of their own com
position than those of the playwright. One Saturday
afternoon "Fanchon" was put up. Keene, of course,
played Landry, while Mestayer personated Didier.
"The Governor," as the members of the company all
called Woods, sat in one of the proscenium bo^es and
attentively watched the entire play. Neither Keene
nor Mestayer knew their parts, and I have heard
Keene Bay that they did not speak half a dozen of the
lines set down for them. The spirit of^jfuy seemed to
have taken complete possession of them.
The curtain had scarcely fallen when "The Gov
ernor," as was often his custom after a first perform
ance, came behind the scenes, evidently in a very bad
humor, and began pacing up and down the stage, his
brows heavily knitted, his mouth twisted up as only
he could twist a mouth, and his toes turned in in that
peculiar way by which all who knew him knew so well
when he was displeased. Both Keene and Mestayer
longed to ask him what he thought of the performance,
but each dreaded to do so, thinking it by no means
Improbable that he might discharge them for guying.
At last, mustering all his courage and resolution,
and shaking in his shoes lest "The Governor" should
pronounce upon him that terrible anathema, "Depart
from me, ye accursed," Keene approached him and
Bald: "Well, Governor, how did you like my Landry
and Mr. Mestayer's Didier?"
■ Elegant, sir, elegant! The best I ever saw," was
Woods' rejoinder. "I always thought them a couple
of sissies, and you played them that way."
I presume that most people who visit the theater
have heard the term "fly-by-night" applied to minor
and unstable theatrical com
panies, but I believe there are
very few, if any, v ho under-
] JOStPH JEFFERSON.
stand the term, and even among the present generation
of actors there are very few who know how the term
originated. It was in the days when old Sol Smith had
a strolling company, which played in only the smallest
and Queerest <>f all the small and queer towns in the
South and West. Smith and his company were playing
a varied repertoire, as every company had to ao at tnaw
time, of which "Macbeth," with all of Locke's original;/
music, was a prominent feature, but the public proved/
unappreciative and times were hard. Soon Old Sol andL
his company were at low water mark, and at lengths
found themselves stranded in a little Kentucky town,
from which a flinty-hearted landlord refused to permit
them to remove their baggage until they had liquidated
his claim against them for board.
Smith felt that he was equal to the emergency, hav
ing "been there" often before, and he cast about in his
mind for some means of deliverance. At length he hit
on a plan. He engaged a countryman to bring a heavy
wagon, drawn by a team of sturdy horses, under the
window of his room at the back of the tavern at a cer
tain hour on a certain night. The members of the com
pany were let into the secret, and it was arranged
that on the night in question they should throw the
landlord off his guard by assembling in the parlor
and practicing one of the witches' choruses com
posed by Locke for "Macbeth," and entitled "We Fly
by Night," in which those words are repeated over and
over again. Meanwhile Old Sol and his most trusty
henchman were to lower the trunks from the window
to the countryman, who was waiting below to receive
them.
This programme was carried out to the letter. The
company were singing "We Fly by Night" for dear
life in the parlor, while Smith and his man Friday
were letting down the trunks with as much celerity
and quietness as possible, but alas! not, as they fondly
thought, into the hands of the countryman who was
to convey them to a place of safety, but into those of
the landlord, who had somehow got wind of the
scheme.
At length the work was completed. Old Sol and his
companions, with a great load lifted from their minds,
joined the company in the parlor and united with them
in singing "We Fly by Night."
But just as they had sung those words for the third
time, the door opened, the landlord entered, and their
horror was beyond expression when he said, "Excuse
me, ladies and gentlemen, bu' you will not fly by this
night, for I have possession of your trunks."
From that time to the present all queer dramatic
and musical companies have been known as "fly-by
nights."
* * •
When Minnie Palmer's compa.y was playing at the
old Arch Street Opera "ouse in Philadelphia, in the
FRANCIS WILSON.
where Pean Stanley, the famous English churchman,
now dead, who was then making his first end only visit
to this country, was also stopping. Now the dean and
the actor who played the first old man with the Palmer
company were about the same age and bore a most
striking and remarkable resemblance to each other,
especially in point of size and the general outline of
their figure. It chanced one day that as Dean Stanley
was going upstairs the comedian of the Palmer com
pany was coming up behind him, and mistaking for
his old friend and associate, the first old man of the
Palmer company, he playfully gave the dean a sharp
thrust with his thumb in a very sensitive portion of
his anatomy, which happened at that moment to be
especially prominent.
Poor Dean Stanley, bellowing with rage and anger,
turned hastily around to see who had taken the liberty,
and beheld the comedian, who was overwhelmed with
mortification and regret to find that he had been so
familiar with one of the heads of the English church.
"O, sir," he exclaimed, "I beg your pardon. I really
THE WAR AS DEPICTED BY THE CARTOONISTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
season of l"~o-80, the comedi
an of the company was stop
ping at the Continental Hotel,
did not know who you were. Pray pardon me. I would
never have taken such an unwarrantable liberty had
I not mistaken you for one of our company."
The dean reversed the precedent of Hamlet's Fath
er's Ghost, and regarded him more in anger than in
sorrow for a moment, and then said in his most digni
fied voice and manner, "One of your company? Young
man, what kind of company do you keep?"
It is always customary to pass free Into theaters
any person who is a member of the dramatic profes-
sion. Some years ago there
was a large minstrel company
touring the country, and
STUART ROBSON.
making a street parade in every town in which it per
formed, all the members wearing high silk hats, which,
as they were constantly exposed to the weather, re
quired a gTeat deal of attention to keep them in order,
thereby making it necessary that one or two profes
sional hat-ironers should travel with the company.
One night, while playing in a Western city, I was
called to the stage door to see a man who had inquired
for me. "What can Ido for you?" I asked.
"Do you pass the profession?" said he.
"Certainly," I replied; "what company are you play
ing with?"
"The Mastodon Minstrels."
"What is the line of your business?"
"Hat-lroner."
That professional was not passed.
* • •
One of the cleverest things ever said on the stage
on the spur of the moment emanated from Theodore
Moss, owner of Wallack's
Theater. To understand it
you must know that the snow
NAT C. GOODWIN.
used in winter scenes is made of white paper cut in
very small pieces, and that deadheads are known as
"paper," because, instead of getting in on tickets, they
are admitted by paper passes.
Business at Wallack's had been bad, and determin
ing to have a good house on the first nignt of a new
piece, Moss had packed the auditorium with dead
heads. He was standing on the stage with Wallack,
who, after peeping out through the hole in the curtain,
turned to MOBB and said gleefully, "We have a splendid
house to-night."
"Yes," replied Moss, In his inimitable Hebrew dia
lect, "but I think we had better cut it up for snow."
Some years ago when the "Pinafore" craze was at
Its hHght, the actor who impersonated Sir Joseph Porter
during a production of operto,
at the Varieties Theater, New
Orleans, had a make-up
Into an exact fac-simile of
| DE WOLF HOPPER.
which transformed him
Admiral Murray of the TThited '• tates Navy, who was
then stationed at New Orleans.
One night an old salt of Murray's command was
sitting in the front row of the gallery.
U r hen Kir Joseph Porter made hi? first
entrance he gazed upon him for a inc
meent as if doubting the evidence of
his senses, and then muttered tc him
self, "I'm blessed if that isn't Old Mur
ray." Rising from his seat and making
a sea scrape, he called out: "Good day,
your honor." The special officer was
going to eject him immediately, but the
manager of the house, who had observed him, forbade,
and told the officer to let the old fellow enjoy himself
to his heart's content so long as he did not become so
boisterous as to disturb the performance.
Whenever Sir Joseph came on or went off the stage
the old tar saluted him, and we learned arterward that
when he went aboard ship they had to put him in irons
for refusing to obey an order from his superior officer
unless that functionary would follow the example of
the gallant captain of the "Pinafore." and say "If you
please."
The late John Stetson was generally regarded as the
Mrs. Malaprop of the profession, and countless stories
are told of his "Boston bulls."
He was a manager In that
city for years.
WILLIAM H. CRANE. I
Once at an orchestra rehearsal he say; a cornet
player not playing, and asked the reason.
"I have sixteen bars rest here," was the reply.
"Rest!" exclaimed Stetson," I pay you to play, not
to rest. If I see you resting again I'll discharge you."
* * •
Once at a performance of "King Lear" by the late
Edwin Booth, I witnessed the meeting of two old
friends in the audience, and
after greetings had been ex
changed one said to the other,
HENRY E. DIXEY
"I saw Ned Booth play 'Hamlet' last night. First time
I'd seen him for twenty years, and he v.-a» Just as chip
per and peart as he was then, so I vhought I'd come
to-night and see him play 'King Lear,' and I'm gettin'
goll-durned tired of that old cuss with the long white
hair and beard that's carryin' on with them pesky
daughters of his, and if they don't bring Ned Booth
out soon and let him play King Lear I'll be gosh
shanged if I don't have my money back."
Among the guests at the hostelry which sheltered a
number of chosen spirits was a professional, yclept
Bruno — a practical joker,
Who joked not for fame or ap
plause, not even for the
ED STEVENS.
amusement of others, but apparently from some pecu
liar idiosyncrasy or perversion of one of his mental
wheels. Ke it was who, on the crowded, narrow thor
oughfare — Washington street, Boston — delayed traffic
for some time, while he laboriously limped to a car he
had hailed, and, on being assisted by the conductor to
tli" platform, quickly stepped across, bowed to the
passengers and disappeared amid a chorus of invection.
At night the guests and employe - of the hotel were
aroused by cries of "Fire! Fire!" Upon locating the
sounds they were found to emanate from Bruno, whose
head was protruding from the transom over his door.
"Arc: you the fireman?" was his first question.
"Yes," was the reply. "Well, bring me a bucket of
coal, will you?"
Another day three men were carrying a piano up
stairs Bruno pazed upon the broad expanse of man
supporting thrower end of the instrument, and was
Se P n t?SSh upon him, punch him, kick him and ap P ly
epithet upon epithet.- The impotent fury of the Irish
man, unable even to look around, let alone drop the
Piano, and the remarks he made, when later he in win
sought his unknown assailant, furmsh-d me vuth one
of the heartiest laughs I ever Indulged in. But^as I
eaid. humor is a question of environment, and to really
appreciate the humor of the situation you must, per
haps, carry a piano upstairs.
Some days ago I was surprised, upon returning to
my room, to see curious faces peering at me from tne
windows tnat une «-" c V,i
corridor, it was not until
some time afterwards that I
EZRA KENDALL
discovered why I had been an object of so much inter
est to my neighbors. , „>,„„* „
In my room at the hotel I have scattered about a
number of photographs of my family and ie " ds -
Among them is one of William Jennings Bryan. The
rooms adjoining mine are occupied by an old geiiue
man and his wife, who, curious as to the occupant of
the next room, questioned the chambermaid upon tne
subject This functionary, who must be suffering trom
myopia to a considerable degree, said that she didn t
know his name, but would show them a picture of him.
Whereupon she made a trip to my room and promptly
returned with Bryan's picture.
"Are you sure," they asked her. "Oh, yes, quite
sure," she said.
And they took me for Colonel Bryan till they saw
me.
It was In Cairo, Illinois, and we had been playing
"Faust." Every one who has seen the play will re-
. mem k er t he Brocken scene.
It represents hell and pande
™™*i,m roie-ns. Buss and
LEWIS MORRISON.
birds fly in the air, animals of all descriptions scream
and screech, and a rain of fire descends.
The next morning when the colored waiter brought
my breakfast to my room, he stood, tray in hand, ana
scrutinized me very closely.
"Set it down," I said. He did so and backed toward
the door, still looking at me very hard.
I said, "That will do, you may go. I'll send for you
when I want you." "When do you want me," he said,
his eyes opening wider, and his hand trembling on the
knob! "Say, boss, I done gone see yo' show last night."
"Did you like it?"
"Mm'ro. I'se got one consolation, boss. I'se gwine
to be good, I am. I'se got' one consolation. I looked
hard at that scene yo" got there full of fire. I looked
hard. I didn't see no niggers in hell."
That same night in the grand finale scene, where
Mephisto descends through a trap, and Marguerite and
Faust ascend, the trap stuck after having gone just far
enough to leave my shoulde;.- and lead, with its hat
and long red feather protruding through the floor. The
trap would not go any further, despite all efforts,
which, of course, delayed the ascension scene. Finally
one of the carpenters said, "It won't work, Mr. Morri
son."
Just at this moment a voice in the gallery called
out:
"Hully gee! Hell's full!"The Big Balloon Burst When a SpecK in the
SKy ar)d the Young Woman Can)e Turn
blirjg Down With It. Sfys Laughed at
Her Experience ar>d was Er)joying |-Jer
Dinner Within th)e H our -
MOST REMfIRKfIBLE
BALLOON
EXPERIENCE
ON RECORD.
MILDRED NEVINS fell 1200 feet
tangled In the wreckage of an
led balloon. She was not
killed. She was not even ren
i unconscious.
Miss Kevins has lived all her life In
South St Louis. She is IS years old
and wpjph.s scarcely one hundred
pounds In her balloon costume. As
a child end as a young woman she
often appeared before local audiences
as a singer and dancer. A year ago
nt-mrn t-mr with a theatrical
doing: a Boubrette turn. That
: i xt itlng enough for her.
i than two . Lgo she read an
advertisement for a young ladj to
make balloon ascensions and para
chute leaps. She answered It.
nicked her out from among a
applicants." said Manager
George T . W ho inserted the
advertisement. "I thought she had
the ' nerve. I told her what
- to do ami how easy
it would be to learn to jump with the
parkled. She said
she v : her.
iv. Tom Cowan, our aeronaut,
S° vi He showed her how to
( 'n the Fourth of July
: • ent up
" vvit!l a successful
l^ap nerviest girl 1 ever
Last Sunday the accident occurred
■which tried and proved her nerve as
tho nerve of no woman was ever tried
and proved before. She was to go up
again with Cowan. They were to leap
at the same moment and race back
to earth in their parachutes. It was to
be a record-breaking event. With the
expectation of going up 10,000 feet the
big 80-foot hot air balloon was over
charged. When it was released it shot
up as if discharged from a huge mor
tar Almost in a twinkling it was up
1200 feet.
Then the multitude below saw a puff
of smoke rise fi lpex ot the big
«c bag. The balloon had burst
Miss Nevins told ihe story as she lay
en h " n the dressing
he Electric Park -pavilion.
. ."r were pal^n« toward the sky. I
haa just looked down at the s^at
crowd of ].f pie in the park and wav
ed my hand at them, and had turned
my head for a look downward and
objects and
suddenly l felt a severe jar occasioned
by the sudd* n slackening of the bal
loon s flight. I knew something had
happened, but 1 did not know what it
He had been
performing on his trapeze when the
shock came. H , quickly up on
hi? bar and Looked above.
" 'What has happened, Tom? 1 I cried
to him. ,ye. li.
too. 1 saw a little cloud of smoke
above us and more of it pouring from
the top of the balloon.
"Already I could feel that we were
descending. There was a rush of air
upward as we began to shoot down
ward.
" 'She has exploded!' shouted the
profr-s«or. 'Cut!'
•'I ooked fur my 'cut away 1 rope
Which hud b.-en hanging within easy
my hand, it I borne
out '■ ■ eh bj the spreading
of my parachute, caused by the de
balloon.
"I stretched my hand toward it but
I might as well hav^ reached for the
branch of a tr-e on the distant hill
■
•• 'We're telling. Cut, Mildred, cut"
shoi; ■ n again.
'The canvas was flapping hideously
not air was rushi: . . hisses
■n,-> balloon. The wind was roar
ing and whining past my eara
"I barely heard c shouted
■*' or '. ts only a few feet from
'it his voice came to m- through
rtnly noises as it mi^m have
, soln 'i from the ground be-
"I made another frantic effort to
reach my cut-away rope, but it swung
mockingly further'from me.
1 f " i; on lighten, and look
r Cowan had
gone I saw him tilting
hifl parachute and working out from
undf- the balloon, which now was
nothing but a great expanse of flap
ping canvas.
"I was alone. I knew I was better
off alone, because there was that mu<--h
?>£S weight on the balloon, and its de
scent would not be so rapid, bi an
awful feeling G loneliness took pos
session of me.
"I looked down for an Instant on the
crowd. an«; my thoughts took a fan
tastic turn. It seemed to me I was
doomed to remain always suspended
there, to Bee r ;.le go and com- and
not be abl<- to speak to them or they
to me. to hunger and thirst and not be
able to reach the food and drink which
I could ?»=~f j down below.
"Then my mind came back to the
terrible reality. The excess of danger
seemed to bring an unnatural calm to
me. I clutched the handles of my par
achute and closed my eyes. I thought
I was going to be killed, but the
thought did not terrorize me. It made
no distinct impression on me. It did
not seem to be anything in which I
was interested or concerned.
"At times I felt the canvas about
me. Again I could, feel that I swung
clear and knew that but for my hold
on the parachute bar I would drop
straight to earth like a thing of lead.
"My whole life seemed to pass in re
view in those few seconds. I imagined
I saw everything flash panoramically
before my eyes, from my early child
hood to the minute the balloon burst.
It was an instantaneous picture, how
ever. T was not at all frightened by it
Naturally, I thought of those near and
dear to me— especially my sister She
hos been mv confidante, my best
friend, and I began to reflect— if there
is such a thing as beginning in hav
ing the notion to thrust on you by such
an awful sensation— how she wouid
take mv death, how she would grieve,
perhaps, and above all what a shock
Jt would prove to her to find out that
I had taken to ballooning.
"My family was not aware that T
had become an aeronaut, and it was
only after the accident that my sister
learned of my occupation. My father
does not yet know what I am dcing;
not that lam 3*hnm< > <1 of the business,
but because I fear the idea would be
diepleasi.-.g to him. That's why I
have taken a professional na
"Well, to return to my Hitrht — my
linhtning-lik^ journey from the heav
ens to the earth. I said I was not
afraid. Some people, in fact. I sup
pose, most people fear death. This for
various reasons. The thought of a
ISRAEL'S TITHE TO AMERICA
"Ye must be loyal to the country
In which you chance to dwell."
WH jEVER saw a Jew in
uniform?" wrote a man
who had served in the
Civil War not long ap' In
a widely circulated maga
zine. He said further that
he had travel' or twenty-five years
among soldiers and never found one
who remembered having served with
Jews, and the innuendo was strong
that the Jews were prominent in hand
ling ar: .y contracts where the profits
were biggost: What unfairness and
gross misrepresentation! That writer
had never cor suited the pension lists
nor war records. Here are a few easily
obtained facts.
I did not know that pt the time, even
in our own State, General Salomon, a
brave ex-soldier was department com
mander of the Grand Army •" the Re
public. By a strange coincidence the
present department commander is
mon Cahen, who is no less proud of be
ing "Einer yon unsere Lent" than hf
is of his war record. A table compiled
by Simon Wolf of Washington. D. C,
gives the following figures of Jewish
soldiers who served in the different
wars of this country: Continental arm
ies, 46; War of 1812, 44; Mexican War.
58; United States regular army, 96;
navy, 78. In the Civil War: Staff offi
cers in the Union army, 16; staff offi
cers in the Confederate army, 24; offi
cers in the Confederate navy, 11; sol
diers classified according to States in
both armies, 7038; unclassified soldiers.
??4: ascertained from other sources, 13;
total. 8253.
When this country struggled for free
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
hereafter inspires dread; why, may be
easily imagine).
"No such dread could overcome me.
In the first place I do not believe in
a hereafter do not worry about any
world to come, and th>> physical .
of death alone mean horror to mi
I was not bothered by any feeling as to
"Your country's trouble, as its fate, is your own."
dom, nine Jews were among the sign
ers o< tin? protest against the onerous
tax. Hyman Levy, Isaac Morris, Ben
jamin Levy, und Hayrn Salomon of
Philadelphia, gave their entire for
tunes to the provislonary government
of the colonies to carry on the . truggle;
Benjamin Jacobs -d Samuel Lyon, of
New York, did likewise. The Jew;i of
Charleston, S. C, raised a company of
Israel's youth and put them in the
field; Samuel Mordocai Noah served on
General Washington's staff and after
ward with General Marion, ant! con
tributed 30 jO pounds sterling towards
the war fund. Major Fr..nks headed a
large party of wealthy and Influential
Jews from Canada, who came over to
offer their wealth and personal service
to the young struggling nation. The
records of- those trying days are re
plete with the recital of patriotic acts
of men like Samuel Judah, Hyman
Levy, Ja^ob Moses, Jonas Phillips,
Isaac Seixas and r any others whose
names clearly indicate their Jewish
parentage.
The Jews of this country have re
sponded to the call - arms with the
greatest alacrity sv.d far in exreßs of
their number to the general popula
tion. From this city alone 109 Jewish
youths, the fl< wer of young Judaism,
enlisted in the - irst Regiment, fully
10 per r«i;t «if the entire regiment.
Every other troop that went from here
had a quota far in excess of their popu
lation under arms. Many of them hare
given up positions to serve their coun
try.
Hmanuel S. Heller, a prominent at
torney of this city who. besides a very
lucrative practice, has inherited quite
a fortune, is one of the most recently
commissioned officers in the California
regiment. Every regiment and batta
lion that came Into camp here, no mat
SHE FELL TWELVE HUNDRED FEET.
"fit times 1 felt the canvas about me. Again I could feel
that I swung clear, and Ko«^ that but for my hold on
the parachute bar I would drop straight to the earth liKe
a thing of lead. Then my whole life flashed panorami
cally before my eyes fron) my early childhood to the
minute the balloon burst."
whom and what I would encounter in
any world to come.
"But I almost gave myself up to
ter whence it hailed, had its contingent
of Jewish soldiers and recruits. Those
coming from remote mountain dis
tricts, where very few Jews dwell, had
within their ranks the only Jewish
young men of their section. They scree
in every arm and branch of the na
tion's defense with zeal and fidelity,
never thinking that they are anything
but Americans.
In the work of the Red Cross So
ciety the Jews have taken a very prom
inent part from the very inception.
Their men and women have contrib
uted their time, means and talent to
ward the furtherance of the noble
cause. The rabbis of this city have
bden conspicuous with word and deed, in
enhancing the great work, and were
among the first to raise their voices
publicly to arouse the people to
prompt and vigorous action. The con
tributions of the Jews toward the Red
Cross funds have been conspicuous for
their generosity, while some of the
Jewish women have been assigned to
most important committees. Mrs. I.
Lowenb<?rg, as chairman of thf» hos
pitality committee, has accomplished
a marvelous amount of work, and has
evinced wonderful tact and ability in
handling the difficult position. Mrs.
Louis Sloss has collected more funds
for the cause than any other woman in
this city. M. H. Hecht, as chairman
of the committee to provide a hosnital
ship, has been untiring in his efforts.
Mr. Hecht, Mrs. Sloss and Rabbi Voor
sanger are among the pioneers of the
movement and among the most pffl
cient workers. Mrs. Mack and Miss
Gerstle, like Mrs. Lowenberg, and a
staff of diligent Jewish women, give
their entire time and attention to the
work, and are at their respective posts
every ?tfty from early morn until into
the night.
death In its other form, I said to my—
Belf: 'Well, old girl, if you're going to
be killed, killed you will b that's all.'
"1 shut my eyes and waited for the
rest. All this occurred in several sec
onds — much less time than it takes to
tell the story. After that and until I
struck the tree my mind was a blank.
"Some nf the sp ctators say I whs
over a minute in making that grand
tumble from the clouds. Why. I didn't
have any watch, or wouldn't have
looked at it If I had onp, hr.t I can
say that the time felt something like
a few years to me. Not because the
fright had unnerved me — for it did not
—but because I saw and thought the
things of a lifetime.
"The canvas swept around me once
more. I was wondering how much
longer It would be until I heard a new
sound. It was the cracking and rust
ling of heavy foliage. I felt z shock
to my back. There was more crunch
THE BALLOON WAS FULLY 1200 FEET HIGH WHEN THE ACCIDENT OCCURRED, fIS
WAS SHOWN BY PHOTOGRAPHS THAT HAPPENED TO BE TAKEN OF THE
ASSENT BY SEVERAL AMATEURS. THE BIG CROWD WAS HORRIFIED AND EX
PECTED MISS NEVINS WOULD MEET (I HORRIBLE DEATH. BUT THE FOLDS OF
THE BALLOON SAVED HER. OND AFTER THE SHOCK WAS OVER SHE WAS fiS
LIVELY f?S BEFORE THE ASCENT.
ing of small branches, the canvas
caught with a jerk, and I struck the
ground. It seemed to me the descent
had been made very quickly.
"That dash against the tree seemed to
awaken in me the thought that I was
helpless in a balloon. It was an awful
hit, and I think my back was slightly
wrenched, though not at all sprained.
I thought again for an instant, and the
i same sensations returned. Once more
I my sister's face came before me, and
I could Bee the sights of my childhood.
Somehow I felt a sort of delightful sen
sation in this, for it seemed to drive
I away my first idea that I was in a
plunge to death.
"From the time the balloon collapsed
until I landed on the hilltop I was in
side the canvas, and, struggle as I
Bid, could not extricate myself. The
almost suffocated me. I think this
unts for my semi-comatose condi
most of the way down. It was just
a person awaking to find himself
_..plng in a room filled with gas. He
lis conscious enough of his surround
ings, but too weak mentally and phys-.
ically to be of much assistance to him
self. With the weight of the balloon
and the immense volume of gas it con
tained I was in a perilous condition.
and if I had to stand it much longer
I believe I would have been choked to
death.
"I struck the ground on my right foot
and left knee, just as I would have
alighted had I fallen from the trapeze
Alien the balloon started. I was
wrapped up in the paraphernalia and
could not get out. Meantime the
crowd, seeing that the balloon had
burst, rushed over to the spot where I
•, and Mr. Johnson and others cut
canvas and ropes.
: was perfectly conscious, for when
y called to ask me if I was hurt I
replied, "Come here and see." Then I
laughed. It was not an hysterical
laugh, either. I was extremely glad, of
course, that my doom was not sealed,
and enjoyed a good laugh over the ex
perience, but at the same time I fully
realized how near I had been to the
end of my existence.
"Cowan came down very fast, but he
didn't make any race with me. It can
be readily appreciated that my leap
was extraordinarily quick, when it is
told that Cowan, who released himself
from the balloon some seconds before
I became entangled, did not descend to
the earth for over a minute after I
touched it. and he came down at a
mighty swift rate, too, I am informed.
"I was myself again in fifteen min
§ Friends assisted me to the plat
in the park, supposing I was ln
, and the report spread that I was
internally, every bone in my body
was fractured, and that I would not
live until morning. Why, at 6 o'c'ock.
forty-five minutes after the accident,
I was actually enjoying supper. The
bones in my back, as I said, are n lit
tle stiff, but otherwise I am in excel
lent condition. Indeed. I am inclined
to think that the backache is due to
a fall I received some time ago from
a bicycle, the effects of which had not
completely disappeared when I started
ballooning.
The balloon is 80 feet high. A pho
tograph of a building 89 feet high taken
at a distance of four blocks, about 1200
feet, by the same size camera showed
building and persons standing near the
same size as the balloon and figures in
the other photograph.
1920
A LOG CRASHED INTO THE BOAT AND OVERTURNED IT.
Th' .aners spent twelve days hauling and poling their boat loaded with all they possessed
up the river ; y miles. On the last morning- a floating log upset the boat, their eighteen
months' supplies, except a sack of flour and a package of smoking tobacco, were lost and they
itanding on the bank with nothing but their underclothes. They ptured and righted
boat and started horn I disgust. They had been twelve days in climbing the river; the
torrent took them back in seven hours.
THE NEW AMERICA-HER ARMY AND NAVY.
LONDON, June 30.— The vision of
a new heaven and a new ■■j.rth
is still unfulfilled, but th'
new America- The second
American Revolution has oc
surred, and its consequences may be as
groat as those of the first. I have
Raited till the end of my visit before
putting my impressions on paper, for
.t ie easy to I).' mistaken about popu
lar sentiment in this country. The
American people are as sensitive to
emotional or intellectual stimulus as a
photographic film is to light, but they
ire also, to a remarkable degree, a peo
ple of second thoughts. Their nerves
are qui^k, but their convictions are
slow. The apparent change was so
great and so unexpected that at first I
;ould not bring myself to believe in its
reality or its endurance. Unless all
signs fail, however, or I fail to interpret
them, the old America, the America
Dbedient to the traditions of the found
ers of the republic, is passing away,
».nd a new America, an America stand-
Ing armed, alert and exigent in the
arena of the world-struggle, is taking
its place.
The change is threefold:
1. The United States is about to take
Its place among the great armed pow
ers of the world.
2. By th>- seizure and retention of
territory not only not contiguous to the
borders of the republic, but remote
from them, the United States becomes
i colonizing nation, and enters the field
of International rivalries.
3. The growth of good will and mu
tual understanding between Great
Britain and the United States and the
settlement of all pending disputes be
tween Canada and America. DOW vir
tually assured, constitute a working
union of the English speaking people
against the rest of the world for corn
ends, whether any moral ag
rnent is rea< hed or not.
Viewed in the light of the events it
may conceivably bring forth, this trio
of changes may be described without
exaggeration a; the event of the cen
tury. There is little to say about it
that has not already been said, but as
a subject for comment it has this ad
vantage, that there is little mystery
about it. One great element of uncer
tainty of course remains — the final di
rection taken by American public opin
ion, but with that exception one may
speak as a witness and not as a
prophet.
First, then, with regard to the fu
ture army and navy of the United
States. The war has taught this coun
try a severe lesson. A few weeks be
fore the outbreak of hostilities I read
in a leading New York paper a care
fully detailed estimate, based upon re
turns from every State in the Union,
showing that an army of 10,000,000 men
could be promptly raised. This ludi
crous notion undoubtedly corresponded
to the popular view of the country's
capabilities. Anybody who remembers
certain statements made during the
Venezuelan dispute will not think this
remark extravagant. It was known
that the patriotism of the people was
equal to the supply of any number of
volunteers, the resources "of the coun
try were known to be limitless— the
By Henry Norman, Commissioner of the London Chronicle-
combination of innumerable men with
limitless resources is all that is required
for a vast army. Such was the reason
ing. But nobody is misled by it to-day.
The President has called out 200,000
men, and they have responded with ex
traordinary promptitude. But in a few
days two months will have elapsed and
the whole force is yet far from ready
to take the field. Fifteen thousand
men — nearly all regulars — have gone
with General Shafter to Santiago; a
few thousand are to be sent to rein
force him as quickly as possible; about
7000 have gone to Manila; 20,000 are
wanted for Porto Rico and ai;e not
available, while the main army of Cu
ban invasion will hardly be ready, I
should suppose, for another month yet.
A month ago it was commonly said
that 75,000 men were going at once to
Cuba. The United States could not dis
patch half that number of equipped sol
diers then, although she had over 100,
000 men with the colors. The state
ment remains true a month later.
Remember one thing always: The
war took everybody by surprise. It
was not desired, it was not ex
pected; it was, therefore, not prepared
for. If the Maine had not been blown
up ihere would be peace to-day. Forty
eight hours before the rupture a lead
ing New York capitalist, who had gone
to Washington to discover the exact
situation, returned and reported that
he had absolutely certain knowledge,
from official sources, that there would
be no war. Thus the Government was
called upon to create and equip an
army from foundation to coping. The
regular army was small in number,
•red all over the country; it had
never been collected since .the rebel
lion; officers of different companies in
the same regiment were often stran
gers to one another; brigade drill, and
even regimental drill, was unheard of.
The National Guard, of which so much
was expected, had, in many cases,
neither clothing nor arms. A few were
"ready, aye ready," but the response of
most of them has been described as a
mixture of tragedy and opera bouffe.
\\ h.n 1 visited Camp Algcr I found
one regiment of 800 men with 200 rifles,
and several had from 30 to 40 per cent
of new recruits — men who had never
fired a rifle. Then, again, the War
Department had not the aid from the
States that it had confidently expected.
A hundred thousand men, q'aickly fol
lowed by nearly 75,000 more, were de
livered to it, needing almost cvery
thlng. They have been transported
vast distances with one — only one — tri
fling accident; two weeks hence, Gen
eral Alger has assured, me every man
will be equipped, down to two suits of
uniform for the tropics; the "hard
ships" they have suffered are not such
as a soldier should talk much about;
32,000 tons of rations have been provid
ed for them; fifty transports have been
chartered and fitted out; besides all
this, the War Department has laid 1500
submarine mines, set up forty search
lights, and armed a large number of
forts— often building them first. After
admitting every reasonable criticism,
it is a triumph of organization. I
doubt if so much, from so little, has
ever been accomplished so expeditious
ly and so uneventfully before.
And look at the display of American
patriotism. When the volunteers were
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
summoned by the President they walk
ed on the scene as if they bad been
waiting in the wings. They were sub
jected to a physical examination as
searching as that <-f a life insurance
company. A man was rejected for two
or three filled teeth. They came from
all ranks of life. Young lawyers, doc
tors, bankers, well-paid clerks are
marching by thousands in the ranks.
The first surgeon to be killed at Guan
tanamo left a New fork practice of
$10,000 a year to volunteer. As 1 was
standing on the steps of the Arlington
Hotel one i vening a tall, thin man. car
rying a large suit case, walked out and
got on the street car for the railway
station on his way to Tampa. It was
John Jacob Aator, th.- pdssesgor of a
hundred millions of dollars. Theodore
Roosevelt's Rough Riders contain a
number of the a- rtect young men in
New York society. A Harvard class
mate of mine, a rising young lawyer,
is working like a laborer at the Brook
lyn Navy Yard, not knowing when he
may be ordered to Cuba or Manila. He
is a Naval Reserve man and sent in
his application for any post "from the
stokehole upward." The same is true
of women. When I called to say good
by to Mrs. John Addison Porter, the
wife of the secretary to the President,
whose charming hospitality I had" en
joyed, she had gone to Tampa to ship
as a nurse on the Red Cross steamer
for the coast of Cuba. And all this, be
it remembered, is for a war in which
the country is not in the remotest dan
ger, and when the ultimate summons of
patriotism is unspoken. Finally, con
sider the reference to the war loan. A
New York syndicate offered to taffi; half
of it at a premium which would have
given the Government a clear profit of
$1,000,000. But the loan was wisely of
f> red to the people, and the small in
vestor gets all he can buy before the
capitalist is even permitted to invest.
And from Canada to the Gulf, from
Long Island to Seattle, the money of
the people is pouring In. As I write, it
•is said the loan will be all taken up in
small amounts.
It is true that soldiers in Florida
should not be fed on pork and beans,
and that campaigners in Cuba should
not wear thick cloth uniforms. But
while these truths may be remembered,
another should not be forgotten— that
the American people have responded to
their country's call with instant and
flawless patriotism.
The lesson they have learned is that
patriotism alone will not fight battles.
How far will that lesson carry them?
Will it build up a great army and
navy? The question requires a two
fold answer. In the United States
there is a curious antipathy to a large
standing army. The masses of the
people dread such a centralisation of
power. Nothing excites more hostility
JhsLD the employment of Federal troops
to settle State difficulties— witness the
outcry when President Cleveland sent
regulars to quell labor disturbances in
Chicago. It is 'feared that a large
standing army might lead to aggressive
campaigns abroad, but a hundredfold
greater is the fear that it might be
come an instrument of oppression at
home. So strong is this sentiment
that the army will assuredly not be"
increased to any great extent. Hitherto
its strength has been nominally 25,000
men— actually perhaps IS. OOO. Con
gress has recently authorized a total of
BATTLING WITH HARD LUCK,
ON AN ALASKAN TORRENT
Thrilling Adventures of Daring Prospectors, Who Tried to Reach
the Sold Fields on the Upper Sushetna River.
SUNRISE CITY, Cooks Inlet,
June 21, 1897.
THE tide of humanity which has
been pouring into Cooks Inlet
all summer long has finally
reached the flood and already
the current has turned, and day
by day grows broader and swif
ter. The first to set the tide home
ward bound are those who have come
with scant outfits and little or no plans
for practical work.
The great majority belong to this
class. Conditions are so vastly differ
ent from what they were pictured in
the newspaper reports that nine cases
in ten those who have come here find
that they improperly provided them
selves, either for living in the country
or for prospecting it. Even the most
carefully laid and well regulated plans
have fallen through, and company af
ter company have broken up, leaving
their dredging and hydraulic machin
ery lying on the beach or selling it for
next to nothing. The great majority
have come prepared to prospect
through the summer and return home
in the fall. But when they arrived
here and began to learn some facts
about the country from' the old timers,
they find that there are only three
months in the year during which suc
cessful prospecting can be done, and
and that is from October 1 until Jan
uary 1. In the early summer they must
wait about two months for the snow
to melt away. Then another two
months for that melted snow to run
out of the creeks so they can be trav
eled.
Even if they could get into the inte
rior sooner the water would be too
high in the creeks to allow of prospect
HUGE MODEL
OF THE EARTH
THE celebrated French geographer.
Professor Elisee Reclus, is spe
cially coming over from Paris to
lay before the Royal Geograph
ical Society particulars of his
project for a gigantic model of the
earth.
Professor Reclus' idea is to construct
a globe on a scale of eight miles to
the inch, this being the smallest sized
Bphere «>n which it would be possible
to show, correct to scale, the depth of
every river and the height of every hill
on the earth's surface.
This exact replica of the world would
measure roughly eighty-four feet in
diameter, or half the size of the dome
of St. Paul's. This would mean a dis
tance of thirty feet between New York
and London, and Paris and London
w<mld be about three feet apart.
The scheme is not exactly a new one.
Professor Her-lus having h;u'. It in mind
for some years, and. as a matter of fact,
the Communale Council o! Paris had
promised a large sum of money toward
the construction of such a globe for
the Paris exhibition of 1900, but unfor
60,000— a tiny force for 70,000,000 people,
according to European standards. But
as a result of the war the local regi
ments will gain vastly in popularity.
and they will probably hv kept up to
full strength with capable men and
complete equipment. Moreover, there
are signs that the famous Seventh
Regiment of New York will not have
incurred its terrible unpopularity in
vain. In future every local regiment
will probably be allowed to go to the
front as a unit and will not be depend
ent for its separate existence upon the
whim of the Governor of its State.
Therefore, the American land forces
will be largely increased in reality,
though not nominally.
With the navy, however, the case is
different. It cannot be used by the
executive for oppression at home; the
need of it for defense is universally re
cognized; it has always been the popu
lar arm; it has covered itself with
glory during the war. The fear of an
aggressive policy, it is title, has influ
enced past naval estimate; ;ilso. It
has always been easy to get money for
coast defense ships, and difficult to
get it for sea-goiag battle-ships and
cruisers. But this will be loss the case
now that America has possessions over
sea. Xlready one significant fact has
shown what may be expected. Not
only was the last naval vote by far the
largest since the rebellion, but Con
gress positively made great additions
to the shipbuilding recommended by
the Naval Construction Committee — a
course without parallel in American
history. The official recommendation
was for one battle-ship and four tor
pedo-boats; what Congress authorized
on May 4 was three battle-ships, of
11,500 tons; four monitors, of 2700 tons,
for harbor defense: sixteen torpedo
boat destroyers, of 400 tons; twelve tor
pedo-boats, of 160 tons, and one gun
boat to replace the Michigan upon the
lakes, if an arrangement with Great
Britain permitting this is reached. The
bids for all these phips are to be opened
in August and September. I have
compiled the following table, compris
ing ships afloat, building and author
ized, including those purchased for this
war. one of these not yet launched at
Armstrong's, to show that a powerful
.American navy is already an accom
plished fact:
Author- To-
Afloat. Bldg. ized. tal.
First-class battleships.. 4 5 3 12
Sccoml - class battle
ships 1 .... 1
Monitors C .. 4 10
Armored cruisers 2
Protected cruisers 14 1 .. 15
Unprotected cru'.sars ..4 .. »
Torpedo boats 11 10 18 33
Torpedo boat destroyers .. •• 16 16
This list comprises only first-rate
modern vessel.- : -it does t include a
number of gunboats, the monitors built
during he rebellion, the Vesuvius and
the KatahcM.i.
With no further Increase, therefore,
the American navy takes an important
comparative place upon t'.ie r,eas, but
its increase Is certain. Its admirable
record during the war, as regards both
material and personnel; the voyage of
the Oregon; the Russian summons to
her builder and the Kussian order to
Cramp & Sons.
HENRY NORMAN.
Copyrighted. ISSB. .
Special Corr2spood«nce of The Sunday Call.
ing. Absolutely nothing can be done
here, or ever has been done, according
to the old-time miners' report, except
from the time the ground freezes until
the snow is too deep to work through.
But of course no one who is busy
hurrying hither and thither to get
his outfit ready and his passage
secured on some boat that is just about
to leave, and after which there will be
no earthly chance to secure passage on
any boat — such a crojtvd of busy,
hopeful prospectors hajfe no time to
stop and think of a little bit of detail
like this. They know that the sum
mers up here are fine and long and
that the gold is here waiting to be
washed out, and all they want is a
chance to get on the ground and they
will lind means to prospect, etc.
But just the same, it is the failure
to keep a close account of these little
details that has misled so many. And
great is the suffering from loss and
disappointment. I know personally of
many cases of men who have mort
gaged their homes, sold nut lucrative
businesses or made other great sacri
fices in order to outfit themselves and
get here, only to turn back and sell
their outfits for enough money to get
home tm after less than a month's
stay in the inlet.
Some have even gone back home
without even getting off the boat they
came on.
Those returning home now are called
cowards, weak hearted, etc., but are
they cowards after all? What else
can they do? They have miscalculated
and ?r^ utterly unprepared for a stay
through the coming winter, and in or
der to stay for tho short prospecting
on they must remain through the
winter.
But some are showing lesa good
sense and are staying and trying to get
up the dangerous rivers at blind haz
zards.
tunately difficulties arose and the
money was not forthcoming.
The primary object of Professor Re
clus' visit to London is to interest peo
ple over here in the scheme.' with a
view to raising the necessary capital to
carry it out in this country. But,
among other things, he wants to ob
tain the opinions <>f experts as to the
most suitable and least expensive mode
of construction.
The globe would either ljave to be
supported on an axis, in a similar man
ner to the ordinary .'.(union globes. <>r —
ami this seems likely to prove the most
convenient arrangement —floated in an
immense bath, so as to be easily turned
round.
When Professor Reclus first made
his project public an eminent English
scientist suggested that the surface of
the earth be molded on th<> inside in
stead of the outside of th« sphere, so
that an observer, suspended in the
center of the globe, could easily exam
ine any part of it. This idea, however,
did not meet with anproval, except
that It was suggested that if the globe
was given a rotary motion a visit to
SHOOTING DOWN THE BIG SUSHETNA RIVER.
This party spent twelve days hauling and poling their boat loaded with supplies up the Big Sushe tna
. River. Then the boat upset and they lost everything. The current bore them back to their starting
point in seven hours.
From a^ sketch of the men as they came in sight of the starting camp.
The Big Sushetna River is the center
of excitement now. It is a great
whirling torrent, ten miles across in
places and narrowing down to rushing
rapids at other places. It leads back
from the head of Cooks Inlet into the
mountains over toward the Copper
River country, going through swampy
valleys, winding , around rolling hills
and mountain peaks, splitting into
thousands of small tributaries and
larger streams, draining the immense
water shed to the north and northeast
of Cooks Inlet. Like the Yukon River,
the Shushetna is full of islands and
shifting sandbars. At this season of
the year it is swelled to its utmost and
the banks are continually caving in,
bringing great spruce, trees crashing
into its swift current. As this drift
goes down and passes through some
narrow channel between two islands it
jams and shifts the current to another
channel. By and by it will break
loose and go tumbling down the river,
carrying everything before it.
There seems to be an underground
current at places, for at times, where
the stream is flowing along compara
tively smooth, there will suddenly burst
up from the sandy bottom a roaring
spring that sets the water to boiling
and swirling like the Niagara River.
These are the odds to be met by those
who go up the river now.
The method of ascending is for two
men to walk along 'the beach or scram
ble along the precipitous and marshy
banks, as the case may be, towing a
small boat, while a third sits in the
boat and steers.
The farthest up any party has been
this summer is eighty miles. A party
of three with eighteen months' sup
plies had gained this distance after
twelve days' work from 8 in the morn
ing until 12 midnight. The hardships
and dangers they bore are indescriba
the interior might prove a permanent
cure for delirium tremens.
People may be inclined to think that
such a globe as described would be of
small practical utility. But, apart from
its many and important scientific uses,
it is computed that the thousands of
the working classes who would visit
such an object would probably learn
more geography in a few minutes' con
templation (if the earth's surface than
in months SDent over maps. — London
Mail.
A young lady went to a chemist's the
other day for some castor oil, and while
the assistant was making up the order,
the lady innocently inquired how it could
be taken without tasting it.
The assistant promised to explain to her,
and, in the meantime offered her, politely,
a glass of flavored and scented seltzer
water.
When she had finished it, he said, quite
triumphantly:
■Ytiu Bee, miss, you have taken your
oil, and you did not know it."
The young lady screamed out:
"Taken the oil, you stupid; it was for
my mother!"
ble. The mosquitoes and moose flies
"are simply hell."
At the end of the twelve days a float
ing: log swung: around and capsized
the boat, and their complete outfit, with
the exception of a sack of flour ami a
bag of smoking tobacco, went to the
bottom.
They had been working in their un
derclothes and were left without cloth
ing to wear.
They got in their boat and the swift
current took them back to the mouth
of the river in seven hours.
The general average of progress of
outfits up the river is about two or
three miles a day.
The steam schooner L. J. Perry,
which has been the "carry-all" for
three years from point to point, in the
inlet, is preparing for an attempt to
ascend the river. Her owner, Mr. La
throp, is one of the pioneers of Conks
Inlet, and thoroughly understands the
currents of the stream. By starting
up at flood tide he expects to make the
first run of twenty miles. Then he will
anchor or ground his vessel and wait
for advantageous winds. In this way
he expects to ascend a hundred and
fifty miles. If he succeeds he will
convey miners tip as far as possible,
which will be by far the quickest and
Cheapest way for them.
No discoveries of any note have been
made this season as yet. In fact, no
prospecting has been done. But there
will be several hundred who will get
up inland and put in the fall season
of prospecting and remain hermited
during the winter, and it is expected
that many new discoveries will be re
ported from this work early next sum
mi r.
Only four or five cases of drowning
have occurred here this season, which
is considered low for the average.
J. BURGOYNE ELY.
PETS IN THE
PHILIPPINES
. If the Philippines ultimately become
a possession of the United States, and
Americans flock thither to establish
new homes, they will have to include
Snakes and lizards among their fam
ily pets. In an article on "Life in Ma
nila" in the Youth's Companion
Charles B. Howard says: "Our house
hold included three or four Chinese
'chow' dogs, with thick, orange-colored
fur and coal-black tongues and Pedro,
the house snake, a small python, which
traveled about inside the canvas walls
and kept us free from rats and mice.
Pedro never came out. and we were
nut disturbed at all lv his proximity.
We slept on strips of matting, spread
over cane-seated c<>- hes, the legs of
which rested in bowls of water to pre
vent visits fr*m centipedes. .AFTER five years of hardship,
privation and suffering, Louis
Malartre and Eugene Bassot
have just completed the jour
ney from San Diego, Califor
nia, to Paris, France. As
these men walked every step of the
way that lay over solid land, and trav
eled through the wildest and most in
hospitable sections' of Mexico, each
lay passing through some adventure,
their trip must be looked upon as one
of the most thrilling 1 recently under
taken. Add to this the fact that they
traveled entirely unarmed and without
a cent of money to start with and their
: mance becomes wonderful.
Both Malartre and Bassot are well
known alon,? the coast as they are sea
men and made coastwise trips for
many years. About five years ago they
were shipwrecked with the schooner
Queen of the Bay, on the coast of
Todos Santos Island, some 50 miles be
low San Diego.
After lying around town a few days
they departed, telling their friends
they were going to Paris, via Vera
Cruz. Since then nothing was heard of
the two Frenchmen ur.til a few days
ago when letters came to Martin Lavi
gne in San Diego, telling of tht-Ir safe
arrival in Paris and incidentally recit
ing a few of the adventures passed
through on the way and also enclosing
a number of clippings from newspapers
in the Mexican towns in which they
met with extraordinary adventures.
The California friends of the two ad
venturous Frenchmen had long since
given them up as dead and are conse
quently greatly rejoiced to hear of
their safe arrival in their native land.
But when their adventures are consid
ered it would seem as if they must
have borne charmed lives. It is hard
to believe that two men could pass
through such hardships without suc
cumbing.
According to th^ letters from Malar
tre, after they left San Diego he and
Bassott traveled along the coast to
Santo Domingo, where they helped to
unload a lot of mining machinery, af
ter which they went to Oalmalli min
ing camp, sixty miles in tho interior of
NATIONS DISPUTING OVER WHAT THEY CALL
"THE SAN JOSE SCALE."
ON February 5, 1898, the Emperor
of Germany issued a decree
prohibiting the admission of
American fruits and living
Plants into Germany. A day or
so later a shipment of California
Pears arrived at the port of Ham
burg, and was refused admittance. The
fad was telegraphed to American
newspapers; and there was much ex
< nt both in horticultural and in
The newspapers wore
Of "news" at the time; and the
general Interest was intensified by the
more or less sensational articles pub
llshed.
Californians were particularly indig
nant; and interviews with the Con
gressional representatives of that
State, published in Washington, re
ported that California especially prided
herself on the cleanness of her fruit,
and upon the vigorous measures which!
for a number of years, she had taken
to prevent the introduction of injurious
insects within her boundaries. it was
reported in the newspapers that vigor
ous diplomatic correspondence between
Lower Oall
fornla, and
about 400 miles
south of San Diego.
paper clippings forward
ed by them is one fmm
El Ecu del Valle of Ures,
Sonora, which gives an ac
count of the sufferings of Malar
tre and Bassot from the time they
left Calmalli until they arrived at
Ures. Malarte states that the account
Is too mild, if anything, but that it saves
writing the details, so ht Indorses it.
"Two sailors named Malartre
and Bassot passed through Ures
the first of the week," says this
paper. "They were on their way
from Calmalli, Baja California,
to the port of Vera Cruz, where
they intend to embark for
France. They left Calmalli
without preparation for the aw
ful trip across the desolate
wastes of Loreto. Their food
gave out, and at times they
were delirious In their sufferings
from thirst. How they escaped
from the peninsula Inferno is an
inscrutable mystery. They did,
however, and appeared on the
gulf coast naked and with
bleeding feet, lean and with
bloodshot eyes. Their wild ex
ion and long beards gave
them the aspect of maniacs.
The authorities were about to
place them under restraint, but
the men gave proof of their san
ity and were permitted to pro
ceed.
"What courage is possessed
by these sailors! Not content
with their experience, they
the two Governments ensued, and that
Embassador White was instructed to
protest energetically against the edict,
and to endeavor to secure a modifica
tion of its terms, says the Forum for
July.
It was not long, however, before the
text of the imperial decree became
known; and it was then found that the
particular insect aimed at was thff San
Jose scale (Aspldiotus pf-rniclosus). It
was further 1-arned that the German
Government was fully informed as to
the habits of this Injurious insect its
startling spread in the Eastern States
during the past few years, and the leg
islation which several States had en
acted in the effort to exterminate it,
or at least to limit its spread.
These facts having been learned it
became at once apparent that, even if
the decree had some ulterior retalia
tory motive, it was certainly the mis
fortune of the United Stales that Ger
many had so good an excus<\
With all this disturbance in our own
country, with all this widespread pub
licity, necessitated by the threatened
danger to one of our greatest indus
tries, is it any wonder that foreign
Governments shnuld have taken alarm?
And, viewing the matter dispasslonate
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
battle with the elements on the
Douvres, these men made their
way across the narrow but tem
pestuous gulf. They mentioned,
without boasting:, that they
passed by the Isle of Tiburon,
and would have spt foot thereon
had not the Seri cannibals
turned the prow of their boat
toward the open sea. What
hardihood!
"When the sailors arrived In
the port of Guaymas, there was
incredulity that a frail craft
like that could cross the
stormy gulf. No man believed
they had mad..- the passage.
Malartre and Rassot were >>ut of
food, and had but the dreg* of a
cask of water. But with singu
lar light-heartedness they spoke
of their voyage and said they
ly. is the German Government to be
blamed for an effort to protect its hor
ticultural Interests?
As was to be expected, the action of
Germany immediately called the atten
tion of other nations to the danger
which similarly threatened them. Can
ada had already had under considera
tion the subject of the prohibition of
living: plants imported from the United
States; and on March 18, 1898, an act,
known as the San Jose scale act,
passed the Canadian Legislature. P.y
the terms of this act the importation
of living plants — commonly called nur
sery . stock — from any countries or
places designated by the Governor
General in council was prohibited. An
order in council immediately followed
placing the United States. Australia!
Japan and the Hawaiian Islands under
the ban.
A month later the Government of
Austria-Hungary issued a decree sim
ultaneously at Vienna and Budapest
prohibiting the importation into that
country from America of living plants,
grafts and layers, as well as the pack
ings and coverings of such plants. In
this decree, however, the importation
of fresh fruit was not prohibited; but
an Inspection at the Austro-Hungar-
Remarkable Adventures
Of Two French Sailors Who Where Wrecked
on To dos Santos Island and Spent Five
Year s Crossing Half the World to Paris.
must have passed through the
worst of their travels toward
Paris. Certain, they said, there
could be nothing worse beyond.
But wait until they strike the
unconquered Yaquis, and then
we shall see!
"Making their way along the
railroad through Hermosillo
and Torres, the men arrived at
Ures. They bore marks of their
gfcrat privation, but were of the
same astonishing humor.
"Through pure admiration of
their wonderful pluck, and with
a strain of envy stirring up the
wanderer that sleeps in the
breast of every man, th^se
Frenchmen were furnished with
food and clothing gratis. They
accepted such articles as were
useful, but declined dainties and
heavy apparel. With all their
wild roving, they are shrewd,
these Frenchmen. Without hes
ir.tion they resumed their jour
ney. They said their route would
lead them through the Yaqul
strongholds, but they feared no
Indians, because they carried no
weapons and convinced the na
tives they were on no mischiev
ous errand.
"From the Yaqul, if they ever
get through, the men, will cross
the Sierra Madres, going
through places where white men
have never been. Making their
way into the State of Chihua
hua, they will then go south
ward, through the interior to
the City of Mexico and thence
to Vera Cruz. There they will
embark on a steamer of the
Compagnie Generale Transat-
Lan cus
tom house
was provid
ed for, coupled
with the an-
nouncement that
such fruit would be
excluded if the presence
of San Jose scale were
proved.
Fallowing this decree of Austria-
Hungary the Government of the Neth
erlands sent to the United States one
of the most eminent scientific men in
Holland, Dr. J. Ritzema Bos, for the
purpose of investigating- the status of
th» San Jose scale. Upon his report
will probably depend the passage of
a bill, now bofore the second chamber
61 the States General, prohibiting the
entrance of fruits and living plants
from America into the Netherlands.
About the same time an employe of
the Agricultural Department of Swe
den, Dr. Yngve Sjostedt, was also sent
to the United States, partly for the
purpose of investigating this rnuch
talked-about Insect. The same matter
hns been discussed in official circles in
other European countries, including
England; but no definite action has
been taken. All this foreign legisla
tion Is having and will continue to have
a distressing effect upon American ex-.
ports of fruits and living plants; but,
if our Government is as apt as usual,
we shall learn from this experience a
lospon of value.
It was necessary, of course, in order
to protect our internal Interests, • that
a hue and cry should be issued from
the National Department of Agricul
ture and from the experiment stations
of the different ' States as soon as the
extreme danger of thp spread of the
insect In the Eastern States was real
ized; and it was necessary, also. ; that
fruit-growers should be constantly In
formed of the procresß of the pest, as
well as of the results of the experimen
tal remedial wo'k.whlch'^ap.hflticfar
rledon by our State and National Gov
ernments. Therefore, with all this
publicity, it was only a question of
time when forelsrn Governments ehon'd
take alarm, and at least begin ■■ to ln-
lantique. Well, it is possible
they will succeed. At any rate,
no man can help feeling a thrill
of admiration for their aston
ishing spirit and love of adven- ■
ture. Buen viaje."
From this point Malartre takes up the
story of his wanderings with Basstrt
and by a simple recital weaves a tale
of absorbing interest. Gifted with a
happy facility of expression, and hav
ing some education, Malartre describes
well the manifold adventures they en
countered. He describes the unex
plored fastnesses of the Sierra Madres,
separating the States of Sonora and
Chihuahua, where evidences of gold
tempted the wanderers to stay their
feet.
They were seized by the Yaquis, and
but for their utter frankness and fear
lessness would have been put to death.
Between the lines of Malartre's letter
can be discerned the spirit of the Three
Musketeers — a devil-may-care, maraud
ing and not too conscientious spirit.
Tied hand and foot in a Yaqui camp,
the men laughed and Joked with their
captors and by their recklessness soft
ened the Indians into giving them food
and drink, and through the latter ele
ment the men made their escape. They
induced the Yaquis to fill themselves
with mescal, pretending all the time to
keep pace with them. When the In
dians were so drunk they could not
walk the two guileless Frenchmen took
a canteen each of the fiery stuff and
leisurely made their way down the
mountain slopes toward Paris. Once
out of sight of the Yaquis they made
haste till dawn the next day, going
into a densely choked canyon and hid
ing in a cave. The next day they
placed eight leagues between them
selves and the Indians.
And so on all the way down the line.
They fell from a precipice in the Du
rango Mountains and Bassot was laid
up for six weeks with a broken shoul
der. Malartre meantime hunted, trap
ped and cooked the food, besides 1 nurs
ing his companion and looking out for
marauding Indians.
The men worked in the Zacatecas
vestigate
the possi
bilities ofdan
ger to their own
fruit-growing in
dustries.
That Germany was
the first Government to
gain exact information on
the subjoct, and the first to
take action, was due to the fact
that for some years she had had
a scientific man of ability and
standing attached to her embassy
at Washington. This attache, sta
tioned there for the sole purpose of
studying: everything: relating to Ameri
can agriculture, was all along as well
posted in regard to the spread of the
San Jose scale as were our own <;•■%
ernment officials; and through his ef
forts Germany was able to issue the
decree at what seemed to be the proper
moment.
This would oDviousiy suggest to our
Government a similar policy; and it Is
interesting to note that as early as 1892
the Secretary of Agriculture strongly
urged in his annual report to the Pres
ident that representatives of the De
partment of Agriculture should be at
tached to our legations in the principal
countries with which we have agricul
tural relations. The present Secretary,
Mr. Wilson, has repeatedly advocated
such a course since the beginning of
the existing administration.
How long the present embargo
At Home im -Paris after five yearS
pFjU HARDSHIPS* > % i« *» »jg'»J]B 99»
silver mines for a time. Everywhere
they stuck together. Their humor was
enough to see them through every
apaiiis t
Am c r i c a n
plants and
fruits will con
tinue In effect It
Is Impossible to fore
tell; but, apart from all
thought of retaliation, It
is plain that foreign nations
are just beginning to do what
we ourselves might long ago
have done with advantage. The
majority of the principal insect
pests are of foreign origin; and
many of them might have been
prevented from entering our ports
with advantage. The majority of our
principal insect pests are of foreign or
igin; and many of them might have
been prevented from entering our portp
scrape. They drank furiously some
times and got into jail. Generally,
even in jail, they were together. They
■wire "partners" in the
Hstroncr sense of the word
Hthat is understood by the old
H<';iiif>>ri!i::!!s and sailors.
■They fought for each other,
Bnurs.-ii each other and quar-
Hroled and swore at each
Bother, as the best friends
in a y .
"It would take a large
Hbook. and a strong-backed
one," writes Malartre, "to
recite all our adventures.
I remember them all very
veil. The worst hardships
were in the Lower Califor
nia desert.
"Five years we spent on
the Journey, taking plenty
of time. The world was like
a pasture to us, and we were
like colts. If a bunch of
grass ahead looked more
tempting, as it always did,
we moved on.
"All the time we kept our
heads toward La Belle Paris.
What a happy day when we
walked its streets again!
Grizzled, browned, surf
beaten, forest-torn and sun
bitten; older in gray hairs,
forsaken by friends who
knew us fifteen years apo,
we felt like pieces of sea
weed thrown up on the bearh
by some great swell that we
knew nothing of. But our
hearts are light as air, my
friend. We drink the same
good old wine. We see the
same beloved sights of Paris.
We live again in the little
by-street running from the
Rue de l'Enfer, and spend
our time on the bright boule
vards that are in such con
trast to the terrible places
we have been through with
in the last five years."
The Mormons are becom
ing very active in New Zea
land, and it is stated that
eight more missionaries are
on their way from Salt Lake
City to this colony. They in
tend to work principally
among 1 the Maoris, of whim
there are already 4000 mem
bers of the Mormon Church.
had there been at least a national sys
tem of Quarantine and inspection such
as is now carried on successfully by
the State of California a,t the port of
San Fracisco. L. O. HOWARD,
In July Forum.
2122
BLACK SAND MINING MADE TO PAY AT LAST ON THE PACIFIC COAST
WORKING A PAN OF BLACK SAND FOR COLOR.
From a Photograph.
BEACH sand gold mining has
been a hobby of mining enthusi
asts in California for a number
of years, but in the majority of
cases all endeavors in that d
tlon have resulted either disastrously
or at least unsatisfactorily.
The people of Humboldt County have
done their full share of this unpn
ble speculating, and not until within a
month have their efforts been.reward
ed, But following the traditional meth
ods of gold discovery in California, a
few weeks of rich strikes, coming aa rt-:
years of work ai.d worry, have at last
THE FAMOUS MONADNOCK GHOST AND WHAT IT DID FOR ITS FRIENDS.
THE double-turreted monitor
.Monadnock came down from
Mar- Island a few clays ago,
looking as grim and black as a
foundry as she took her place in
warship row off Folsom-street
wharf After remaining their a few
days she departed on her voyage to
Manila, and is now somewhere near*
Honolulu.
Considering that this was practically
her "coming out" amone her sisters of
our new navy, it is difficult to imagine
that she has had "a past ' Not a
scandal 1 . Oh, no; but a mystery! A
deep. dark, unfathomable mystery that
for years caused the tongues of more
than the mere gossipe™ '" wa * and
furnished food for thought to the delv
ers into occult science. For the Monad
nock was haunted almost from her
birth.
It nrai away back in the "70's (she's
not such a young thing, after all), that
Messrs. Becor, VanderbUt and Burgess
came out from the East with a Govern
ment contract to repair the old and
original Monadnock. Be it known that
the navy then contained a double
turreted monitor of that name— a
monitor which had successfully made
the voyage from New York to Mare
Inland in 1868, convoyed by the steamer
Vanderbilt.
It was to repair this old monitor that
Secor et al. secured the first appropria
tion, for the average Congressman in
those days had no true appreciation of
the value of a navy, th<'ir motto In ef
fect being, "Millions for patches; not a
cent for new Bhil s."
Fortunately the representatives from
California, aided by their colleagues
from the Atlantic coast States, formu
lated a plan whereby they might suc
cussfully pull the wool over the eyes
of the fresh water statesmen from land
locked States; said plan providing for
the building of a new vessel under the
fiction that (in old one was being re
paired, California's distance from the
national capital affording excellent op
portunities for such a scheme.
Under the coaching of these Con
gressmen the contractors, on their ar
rival at Mare Island, it is said, visited
the old Monadnock at her anchorage in
Rotten Row, and taking a rivet hole
out of one of her side plates proceeded
to build a new vessel around it on the
stocks which they had erected on the
Vallejo shore, all progress on such work
>eing regularly reported to Washing
v?\n under the head of "repairs."
Vn the hands of a few score of me
chanics these "repairs" progressed with
more or less speed, with occasional in
termissions of a year or two each for
lack of Congressional appropriations,
and in time the ribs of iron and plates
of steel gave shape to the hull. It was
while the vessel was in this stage that
one of the contractors, who had taken
up his residence near by, was awak
ened from his slumbers one night by
a furious pounding at his front door.
He found the night watchman of the
shipyard, an old man named Narvey,
at the door, almost in a state of col
lapse. It required the administering
of a "cordial" to restore the frightened
watchman to his senses. He ex
plained that he had been driven from
his poet by a horrible ghost.
In vain the contractor strove to re
yielded results which have filled the
most sanguine with th>- typical gold
fever, and then day at least a
dozen men in ii who would not
exchange shares in their mining plants
ten miles above Eureka tor oi i! the
promising claims in Alaska. T-hey
confident that before another year has
>! fortune will be smiling upon
them.
ck sand containing gold dust is
found in long strips all along the Pa
from Alaska down. Several
trips on the California coast
gold stampedes in
3 past. They 1 vh held a
fascination for miners, and many have
assure the man, the latter only con
senting to return ;>> his post when his
employer volunteered to accompany
him.
ESach carrying a lantern, a thorough
inspection of th*' hull and surrouni
was made, with no result, a fact which
only confirmed ihe worst fears of Nar
vey.
WlTh} 6 WILD CRY HE GRABBED HIS GUN OND LOOPED UPWARD ONLY TO BE HORROR-STRICKEN BY THE SIGHT OF THE TERRIBLE THING ON
THE VESSEL'S BOW.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JT T LY 24, 1808.
been the schemes devised for profitably
working them. Hiimboldt County has
a number of tLese strips of gold bear-
Ing black sand alpng hei id for
years past miners had been sum
with the problem of getting the I
there. The pstcb where thi- n«w ma
chinery is working Is iwn miles long,
and varies in width, and covers a
thing: less than two hundred acres. It
lies directly on the beach, and is about
midway between Trinidad anil Eureka,
in what is known as the Little River
district.
For ages back each flooding tide has
washed up and i >t of
the bluff a. layer of the black and
Finally a bright thought struck the
contractor, ar.d he declared it to be
his belief that the ghost was the de
vice of some envious person, whose aim
it was to frighten Narvey into resign
ing, so that the trickster might get the
job with its accompanying salary of
$90 per month.
The suggestion struck fruitful soil,
sparkling dirt, ana each ebb has carried
a portion of it back to sea. Until re
cently it was thought that the only
method of getting ".is sand was to
gather it with shovels between I
carry it away by means of mules
to wash it out. Experienced mi in ra
have done this for many y,-:i,-.-. some
times with profit, sometimes with
Every conceivable m< ana of
the sand was tried, but without suc
cess. SeveraJ men lost :i)\ thdy pos-
I :•■ attempts t<> get rich at a sin-
Qting 1 by the failures of the
Iners, t&ose who t< >k up the
work later realized that success could
only be i tog a
very . ■ .1. 14 was dis
covered that a lai a of each
i - deposit. Ti Liientlj* on
, and tli; 1 t'i aa enough
dust to yield a profit if it run!.! I ■
handled thoro' i "hly and economically.
11 was with a 1 of th< .••• facts
that more I leal meth
for Narvey was in the main a sensible
man and fairly endowed with courage,
and he resolved to hold his job.
The next day the story of the ghost
ly visitation was told all over town,
Narvey never failing, by way of fair
warning, to announce that thereafter
he, would be accompanied <>v his rounds
by his trusty gun, loaded in both bar
ods were introduced in the Little River
district about three years ago. Those
■who went into *c plan were hopeful
and they worked like Trojans. They
were doomed to many setbacks and dis
appointments before they were to solve
the problem.
Plant after, plant was erected, all of
which were of a crude and experi
mental character. One machine after
another was tried without success.
None of the machines, handled the sand
thoroughly nor in a. sufficient, quantity _
f or profit,. 7 Finally perseverance ■won, *
and of ■ three plants- erected two are
-now in successful operation, while the
owners of' the third feel that they have
overcome the last vital difficulty and
are iboul ready for work.
The two; successful plants have been
at work about a month, and since then
nearly every regular steamer has taken
a small package of retorted gold con
t■■. - - ,
rels with buckshot.
On the next night, and for several
succeeding nights, Narvey was left in
peace, and he felt reassured at the
thought that his shotgun threat had
Indeed exorcised the ghost.
One r.ight, while comforted with this
consoling belief, and having just gone
the rounds, he seated himself on the
signed to the Mint in San Francisco.
The two machines which were not
running by reason of break-downs
claim sand equally rich and machinery
for working it of a greater capacity.
The handful of men who are work
in;.', this sand are In consequei
jubilant let. Mention "f the Klondike
they will not countenance. They are
drivihg their machinery nigrht and day
and <>niy a break-d^vi: a Kach
meal time brings another shift of men,
and each nightfall sends a happy lot
to rest. In one of the three plants the
men are all interested in the capital
stock of the mine, while in the other
few iriore men have furnished the
capital which the enterprises represent.
At the time of my recent visit one of
wharf almost directly under the
shadow of the bow, which towered
above him for a height of forty feet
or more, and proceeded to enjoy his
midnight lunch.
Seven bells had struck and the mys
tic hour of 12 was fast approaching.
Rain had been falling, and dark clouds
were fast chasing each other across
the other was turning out gold to the
amount of $200 a day at an expense of
about a like amount per week, and this
on an investment of about $SOOO.
Supervisor N. H. Pine, who is presi
dent and principal owner of the Stand
ard placer mine, recently stated that
his company had enough black
which he considered; as r VaK§zabhe <>r '
more so than that nt)W Beftig worked
to last twenty-five or thirty yea;
the rate his plan* can handfe it, which
is about 250 tons of pure sand per day
of twenty hours. He emphasized his
confidence that his plant will clear up
$3000 a month for the next twenty-five
years.
the face of the . moon, as the lone
watcher meditatively munched his meal
and listened to the mournful sobbing
of the waves as they washed around
the piling and under timbers of the
wharf. Apparently in unison with the
sobbing- of the waves came the wind in
fitful gusts, causing a dismal creak
ing of chains and pulley blocks on the
derrick spars, while the occasional .
slapping of a ratline aginst the sides
of the poles and staging, with occa
sional whistling through gaping holes
in the ship's side, added to the many
sounds of the sea, familiar to all old
sailors, furnished anything but food for '
pleasant thoughts.
It was while thus i surrounded that
Narvey was suddenly aroused from his
reverie by the sight of some black sig
nal wigwagging on the wharf almost
at his feet.
With a wild cry he dashed his dinner
bucket at the phantom shadow; and
then realizing that it was but the ie
flection of something overhead quickly
turned his gaze upward, only to be hor
ror-stricken by the sight of that Ter
rible Thing, leaning out over the ves
sel's bow and jeering at him.
With an effort he grasped his gun,
discharged both barrels, striking the
horrid object full and fair, for with a
thrill and quiver it rustled for .1 mo
ment, then hung limp and still across •
the ledge of iron.
Now Narvey was in scarce less de-
Bpair. Would'he be justified by the law
In slaying a fellow mortal? Was it ad
visable to throw the body overboard to
be carried off by the out-rushing tide ? .
No! He would awake the town, and
.telling what he had done stand by his
deed. .:■: .^r^v: ■ -.■<>•«':'{
Resolved on this course he started
for the gate, but had scarce taken two
steps when there came a swishing
sound from above, and in a, second he
was doused from head to heels with a ;
bucketful of chilling cold water! A;■
horrid, uncanny laugh of derision rang ,
out on the still air, and then the almost
paralyzed watchman saw the awf il
thing step lightly off the bow, glide ,.
easily through the air and disappear in
space over and beyond the roof. of the
main workshop.
The next day the story of this latest
visitation' was all over Vallejo and the
navy yard, but people only tapped their
foreheads significantly and looked pity-
Ingly at Narvay. . \ V >
Narvey dropped his job and there
was a. different watchman on duty the
next night. The new; man seemed to
tire of his job, however, in a week or.
so and resigned. Another and another
followed in short order, and then it.
was admitted that either it was a
ghost or else in the long list of ap- ,
plicants for the job the contractors
had not yet appointed the man who ■
was working for it in such a mysteri
ous • manner.
As sailors are more superstitious
than gamblers it may be well to add
nent, wheth< r accurate or not,
that several years alter the happening
of the events recorded, some small boys
In bathing; near the old shipyard
brought to the surface a, rudely formed
scarecrow, made of wire and covered
with an Old dress that had once been
white. This, it was claimed, solved
the mystery of "the erhost," the expla
nation being offered that the author
of the malicious pranks on the night
rrf the shooting by Narvey had thrown
It from the bow of the vessel over the
workshop, whence it fell into the bay
and sank.Titanic Deluge of Sand Taking Place on the Planet Mars
Phenomena
PART of the surface of Mars !s
undergoing a change that is baf
fling our scientific men. This i 3
the apparent movement of a
large surface of the planet over
another part of it, just as the
Band out at the ocean beach
blowß in and covers a certain
part of <;.,ir3<.n Gate Park if it is not
k«pt In check by proper barriers. For
this similarity the locality on Mars has
named the 'Sand Sea" by astron
omers, but there is no telling for cer
tain what the true nature of the local
ity is.
The famous astronomer, Herr Karyll
of Vienna, has given years of study to
this phenomenon and looks upon it as
more important than the canals, be
cause he thinks it "more permanent."
Herr Karyall has just published a pa
per on this subject, which is attracting
attention all over the world. It is a
most learned document, that goes
deeply into details and explains many
points that have not appeared -.If-ar
before. Referring to the Sand Sea Herr
Karyll says:
Among the changes on the surface of
Mars, whether we refer to the very slow
periodic deformations of known points on
the planet's surface or the variations in
the so-called canals and seas, which have
bwn the cause in recent .times of so many
attempts at explanation, there Is one
appearance that is particularly worthy of
note. It Is the shifting of the east coast
of the "Sea of Sand" on the surface of
JJars. which also bears the name of the
"(ireat Syrtis." This eastern coast has
■hlfted more and more from year to year,
as Is shown in the diagram, as proved by
rvatlons of the greatest reliability
made since 1577 by the most emln< i as
tronomers, such as Schiaparelll in Milan,
r O.-een in Madeira, Stanley Williams in
W est Brighton. Lowell in Flagstaff, An
toniado in Juvisy, Brenner In Lussinpic
colo, Walter Gall In Sydney, Molesworth
In Ceylon and others.
<; Between the years 1864 and 1877 this
f*a" was very small, and on Its left side
appo.-m-d something resembling a lake—
tne aoeriß Lake— which was seen to be
connected with the first-mentioned body
»>• a dark spur. Toward 1877 the eastern
coast of the "sea" began plainly to ad
vance. Between 1879 and ISB2 the coast
a^tte-^ half the distance that sep
"*t«dthelßand Sea from the lake. From
Kinniiv WO it neared the ,ake rapidly.
Sane Vn ': * LaßtL aBt opposition of the
to h ;m« D r cembf ' r - 1896. Moeris appeared
and was X " n f Ulfed in the -Hand Sea"
worthy f 'VT* in il - Tlle most note-
Ilone took „ howev r ' S that not the sea
bu thl ?.S, U " the wes tward movement.
Kiirt'to&SE real distances "l
voivpfl in ih. c real distances in
nSte^. 'The he mo\Srat A^ beesti:
east to west was"biut. 'snii h .™n2S from
the ex°tent of^he SaSk^ mll> s hlle
outh must have S hed 00 ff h north to
amount of 1500 mil. . . the ereat
twice as lari as Gf man! '' " c a re lon
Doubtlesa this i.r"™^?h^ rr t K ranc .*- !
Mars differs In many rwnLt nature ot
of the earth. h.Md. ■■ ,i lf . ! ': ,s,, s ,' r '" n that
ferencea in the length oTt 1 h? nWIIn Wll (Hf "
change of seasons and the Jill 2f« y ' "";
climate. c wte niations of
With the same certainty •«.» ~.
ERSume that Mars will give^t ma -' a l*°
own astronomers but the.4 SSt»? t »? nly OUl '
turo generation plenty of t ro!ih?T r / v "
we completely understand Uh rl or< ;
characteristics. The approach?n» P )j yslcal
tion of Mars will give u» a ,£& °'
S£el° ° bßerVe and
In order to comprehend the mow'
ment and extent of this so-called £nd
deluge it is only neceßsary to Imagine
the changes as taking place in our own
country. From our knowledge of Mars
this would be equivalent to a sand
storm starting at the Rocky Mountains
M and extending from Canada to
Mexico. Imagine that it covered thickly
all the western coast from Vancouver
iwer California and you will have
an Idea of what is supposed to have
; place on Mars between 1564 and
1896.
..though the opposition of the planet
Mars does not take place until Janu
ary is, 1599, astronomers the world over
are already making preparations to
rly observe the event. On this
occasion, when the sun, earth and Mars
are in a direct line, a great deal of the
nmst valuable information about our
nearest planetary neighbor is expected
to be obtained.
The Last opposition of Mars took place
In December, 1«!«6, on which occasion
science was enriched by a number of
tlif most valuable facts. Since then,
however, there has been great Improve
ment made in equipment for taking ob
servations.
The most noticeable of these is the
great Yerkes telescope at Chicago,
Which it Is confidently expected will be
mounted and ready for work before
that time. This telescope has already
been tested in a rough manner, and it
revealed more of the details of plane
tary Bpace than ever the eye of mortal
man had previously beheld. Work on
the big new observatory is being rushed
to completion, and when the telescope is
properly mounted in its own delicate
adjusting tower there Is no telling what
wondrous secrets of the starry heavens
will be laid bare. Hut the greatest ex-
Ltion is in connection with ti.>
planet Mars, for more is known about
this celestial body than any other, and
every bit of additional information is
of the greatest importance.
There are also a number of improve
ments in the other telescopes of the
different observatories all over the
world. A great deal is expected of them
by the men in charge, but even if they
Bhould be disappointed in the perform-
Of their instruments there is no
doubt that a great deal new is sure to
■ arned anyhow, for the old
scopes are as good as they ever wi re
and the surface of Mars is constantly
changing.-
It is this phenomenon of change that
makes Mars bo Interesting:. Ever since
a telescope strong enough to reveal the
details on the planet was built a con
titant cbangre of the surface has been
noted. At first, with poor Instruments,
these changes could only be s ••■r: as a.
sort of film, but since the greal tele
: of the world have been built they
have been revealed as having consid
erable character. The great tube at our
own Mount Hamilton has even made it
possible to discern the structure or
certain parts of the planet, and there is
no doubt that in th<- present instance it
will be fully able to cope with any new
problem that may present itself.
The reason that Mars can only be
THE SAX FIIAyoiSGO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, * 1898.
DIAGRAM SHOWING HOW THE "SEA OF SAND" IS SWEEPING OVER THE PLANET.
The famous astronomer Herr Karyll of Vienna, who has given years to the study of Mars, has ins! published an
important paper on the shifting "Sea of Sand.' The document throws light on a number of points. The d
11: U:i eul Bbow how this sea oi sand has moved forward from L 864 to LBB6, burying a territory twici
hs Germany and France. Astronomers the world over are preparing for the approaching opposition of Mars In
hopes of gathering data to throw more light on this phenomenon.
rved to good advantage during the
few hours -if opposition is that at that
time it is nearer to the earth than at
any other and presents the merit in
teresting fui-,-.
Mars is In what is known to earthly
astronomers as the "outer" circle. That
is. its position Is farther away from the
sun than the earth's, and It revolves
in a circle b >yond <.ur own planet. As
there Is considerable difference between
the time It takes east of the two heav
enly bodies to travel once around the
kuii it must follow that for a certain
time they gel farther and farther apari
until the limit is reached, and then
gradually draw closer and closer to
ge£h< r until in opposition. At this
moment th>- whole visible surface, of
the planet Is flooded with th<- light
from the sun, so that it can be studied
through the telescope to the best" ad
vantage.-. The hours for observation
are best between midnight and dawn,
as then the planet is at its brightest
and occupies the best position.
The real "opposition" of the planet
lasts only an instant in reunty. But
a few hours before this opposition and
a few hours afterward arc always fa
vorable for study. It is then that all
the telescopes of the world are turned
on our neighbor: and for all we know
their telescopes may be turnea on us.
But if such an event, .or events, were
possible the astronomers of the two
spheres would be taking observations
of two distinctly opposite phenomena.
The astronomers of Mais would be ob-
Serving us as a "transit." while we
were observing them as an "opposi
tion." They would appear to us as a
world Hooded with light, whirling
through the blackness of stellar space.
To them OUr earth would appear as b
tiny black orb, traveling across the
brilliant disk of the sun. We could
watch, them for hours until they passed
"beneath" .our horizon. They could
see us for only a few moments. First
we would appear as a circle of light,
something like the new moon, then as
a black spot in front of the sun, and
again for a few moments as a circle
of light to afterward fade away into
darkness.
Whatever the earth astronomers
may know about Mars, it is most like
ly a good deal more than the Martian
astronomers know about the earth.
The reason for this is very simple.
When we are close to them we are In
darkness on account of having the
sun on the other side of us. When it
so happens, that we do appear to
them as flooded with light, we are on
the opposite Bides of the planetary
circles— nearly 250,000.000 miles a way
ami consequently, could not be seen to
great advantage. Unless, indeed, the
Martians have telescopes so powerful
as to make ours as mere opera glasses
when compared with them.
This, however, Is not likely as far
as we can judge from events taking
CAPTAIN "BUCKEY" O'NEILL OF THE ROUGH RIDERS.
CAPTAIN "BUCKET" CVNFILL
was' one of the first to fall be
fore Spanish bullets in ambush
at Santiago. The Rough Rid
ers are mourning a gallant
comrade, a soldier who died
with "his boots on" and his face to the
enemy.
Theirs is not the only sorrow for this
man whose many-sided disposition
makes him a ftt representative of the
Western type. All over the land hearts
will grieve for the loss of Buckey
O'Neill, Arizona miner, scout. Judge,
Sheriff, Mayor, gambler, dead shot, sol
dier, hero and all-round "hail fellow,
well met."
Pie was a man without fear. The
greater the danger, the greater the dif
ficulty, the more keen he was to be
in the thick of it. He bucked like a
wild steed at every obstacle that stood
in his way, thus earning the name by
which he was best known.
His real name was William Owen
O'Neill. He was born of Irish par
ents, and was graduated from the Na
tional Law School of the District of
Columbia.
The West appealed to his love of ad
venture and thither he bent his foot
steps. Then commenced a life so
strange and varied that it reads like
the yellow covered dime books that
boys devour.
For months he tracked train robbers
over the desert, through perilous
gorges and dangerous abysses, finally
capturing them single handed and
earning the reward offered by the rail
road.
place on the surface of the planet.
Th( Be events are it. es" which
have been previously referred to. If
there are Inhabitants on the su.
of fidars, and they are reaponslbli
the changes, they are surely possi
■ higher Intelligence than we. If,
on th!- other hand, the events are tak
ing place againsi their will they sure
ly could learn a greal deal from us,
even in ordinary engineering, to say
rtothing of building telescopes. Of
With the money obtained at such
risks of life he bought a newspapi
Arizona Miner, which he sold shortly
afterward, and started the Phoenix
Herald.
Then newspaper life began to pall on
him. He thirst-. i for the thrill ot
er ami the excitement ol a<
ture. He found bold at the mines.
But the gamblers, social outcasts, des
peradoes and adventurers respected
Buckey O'Neill. His aim was steady
and his nerve was true. Men who
were not looking for trouble never tri
fled with Buckey O'Neill. He was al
ways the friend of the poor, thr weak
and the oppressed.
Luck wan against him at the mines
and he deserted them to return to
Prescott, and established Che Hoof and
Horn, a cattleman's paper.
He had as an assistant a man of
similar fiber. Quick Jackson could
shoot true, tree a robber, sot type and
do anything well that he was . •ailed on
to do in the West. Both men had a
passion for gambling. Every Satur
day night after accounts were made up
they Bat down In the office to a game
of poker. The boys about town had
a habit of dropping in to see how
things were fOlng. For neither Jack
son nor O'Neill would stop as long as
they had a cent to ante. When his
money gave out Buckey would put up
his coat and vest; when everything else
was gone h<- would stake the paper.
Part of the time Buckey owned and
edited the Hoof and Horn, and Jack-
Son was an assistant on salary. The
other half of the year Quick Jackson
owned and edited the Hoof and Horn
and Buckey O'Neill was an assistant on
salary. It all depended on how tho
jpoker game went.
course it all depends entirely on just
what these changes really are. But
they certainly appear to be similar to
such as could occur on the surface of
the earth. Perhaps at the next oppo
sition the great Yerkes telescope may
settle the question definitely for us.
These remarkable changes on the
surface of Mars have occupied the at
tention of the greatest astronomers
that ever lived. Of course the near
ness of the planet during the period
of opposition has acted as a stimulus
t>» this. Something new has been
found out ai each period.
The most important of modern
times was the discovery of the
"canals" by Schiaparelli. So startling
was this discovery, which seemed to be
a proof of the habitation of the planet
by mortals of some decree of intelli
gence, that only a few astronomers
en dited it. For a long t!m<^ the dis
er was credited with having a
splendid imagination. Rut at the next
. [tion his claims v.vn- verified and
Schiaparelli took rank at the head of
liis profession.
'I hese "canals" are markings so accu
rate and geometrical In their courses
They made It a rule of the game that
all stakes must be laid on the table.
Often Quick Jackson sat with Buckeyes
money, jewelry, hat, coat, vest and
bill of sale of the paper piled up in
front of him. As often Jackson lost
his all and Buckey went home tri
umphant.
One night, when Jackson had noth
ing mure to lose, and Buokey's passion
betting was still unsatisfied, he
v.-. >v to a saloon and played faro. He
Boon lost all his money and with the
fever still on played away Jackson's
watch, which he had won a short time
tn the poker game.
Now, Jackson particularly wanted a
chance to win back this watch in a
poker game, and so he determined to
gel eve] on Buckey for playing it
away and not giving him the first
■ tn recover it.
Jackson quietly bided his time.
The first night that luck was with
him he evened up the score. After
winning i:uekey's money, vest, coat
and overcoat, ho suddeny said he had
an appointment and gathering up his
winnings departed before "Buckey"
had a chance to realize what he was
doing.
Hitherto the losing- man had ahvays
been allowed the use of his clothes un
til he could win them back.
On this night the snow was a foot
deep and the night was bitterly cold.
Buckey, sans hat, sans coat of any
sort had to plow through the snow
ami beg a coat at one store, borrow a
hat at a second, and steal an umbrella
at a third. Buckey appreciated the
joke but he never risked a second one
by playing- Jackson's property against
faro or any other game.
The next turn of Fortune's wheel
that it seems impossible that they
could be the work of chance. In some
instances they were parallel and in
others perfect circles. At times some
appear very- strong and at others weak,
just as if they contained water at dif
ferent stages. They also appear to be
made on a definite plan. Just what
they are has not yet been proved to
the entire satisfaction of scientists.
It is a notable fact that the canals do
not appear in that portion of the planet
where the sand sea is.
Although the theory of the sand sea
Is generally accepted a number of other
theories equally as tenable have been
advanced and received with favor by
learned men. The most important of
these is that what appears to be sand
i? in reality a vegetable growth that
the inhabitants have induced by irri
gation. The directions taken by the
canals are pointed out as strong proof
of this. And the fact that the surface
is red is held to be no proof that it is
not vegetable. The fact that grass is
green on the earth is no proof that it
is not red on Mars, if it exists at all.
Concerning the mental powers of the
inhabitants of Mars, if they do exist,
these phenomenon are surely an indi
cation. If common red sand blown by
the wind has been allowed to cover
hundreds of thousands of square miles
it must be conceded that the people are
far behind us in brain power. If on the
other hand they have succeeded in "re
claiming" a mountainous country by a
system o'J irrigation, then surely they
are our equals, if not our superiors.
Even if it is ever shown conclusively
that they built the so-called canals
they have accomplished greater won
ders than has ever been done on the
earth. One of these canals, named the
"A'thye," is nearly 2,000 miles long and
as straight as a ruler. If one like it in
size were constructed on the earth it
would reach from San Francisco to the
Mississippi River. Should it ever be
shown that the canals are the work of
nature, then surely is Mars a wonderful
planet.
brought Buckev the office of Sheriff of
Yavapai County. His reputation as a
fearless upholder of Justice was
thoroughly lived up to. He was the
best shot in the Territory and became
the terror of lawbreakers. That he did
not lose his life in some of the desper
ate fights in which he engaged seemed
miraculous.
He held various other offices, the last
one that of Mayor of Prescott. The
only vote against him in the election
was his own. He had long since given
up drinking and gambling and had
married a gentle, sweet woman to
whom he was devoted. When the call
for "arms" sounded over the land
"Buckey" formed a company of men
ready to do and die for their country.
They were proud of their gallant
leader.
"Buckey" rode away at the head of
his rough riders, to the front. He wrote
to a friend a letter from San Antonio,
in which he said: "I am ready to take
all chances. Who would not gamble
for a- new star on the "flag"?
This time he had put up his life and
lust. But though he was cut off so
soon in the fray, he had already dis
tinguished himself. At Daiquiri, in
making the rough landing to the shore,
two privates fell from the lighter into
the sea. In a second "Buckey," who
saw their danger, jumped overboard
and swam toward them. But the light
er swung round and crushed both men
before he could reach them.
Buckey died at the head of his com
pany in the thick of the fight. He fell
tierhting for his country as had his
father before him. who was Captain
John O'Neill of the famous Irish bri
gade of the war of '61,
2324
THE MAN ON THE CRUTCHES
STOPPED AND TURNED PALE.
i.
CORP HEALY walked round the wire fence at the
corner where the little schoolhouse stood, with the
rate air of one who is strolling about for want
methlng bettor to do. Yet he turned his head
n .iv. and eyed the long verandas of the
bar;. the men kicking about a football on
the : ground In a way which was al
most guilty Th ■■>" '-v re not thinking of him at all, but
the soldier twirled his stick and whistled with unusual
H.rent attempt to convince observers that
ho was met I fresh ■•• ad that whistled
rown plains and Is lean and leathery
cheeks. One eye, however, he kept sharply on the school
houpp door, and twice ::'• five minutes he looked secretly at
his watch. The door •>i ■ m <1 . and the children of th<
came charging out.'a tumbling group of boys and girls,
little folk of the plains, soldiers' babes, clear-eyed and
Belf-reliant. Healy walked more quickly round the corner
ted himself at th. side door of >1; out
of sight of barracks and parade ground. Graves, the sol
master, was clearing his desk and preparing to
f(iilo\V .
"Hallor" he cried, liking up at the tall, straight
: ire in the d omlng to school, cor
poral. What reader shall 1 put you in?"
11' aly grinm d b< nlgnantly.
"g< wud ye do me a favor, Mister
"Mister!" cried Graves, laughing again.
••I'd n' yez, though, to kape it to yourself,"
paid Healy earnestly, and plunging headlong Into the
yer i pinion on that
Graves?"
Graves took a big sheet of foolscap from the corporal
and read aloud:
"Sweet girl, accept a lowly heart,
Which now thy foyer (with the major"s permission)
lays at thy 1 I
For from thee, O darling. I rannot dwell apart,
Be mine I respectfully I i ling to the rules and
ilations "i the service; do entreat."
"If yell be afther notlcin 1 ," said Healy,
"But I wanted yez, seein's ye're well know:; for a scholar,
to touch it up ii bit. Graves. V.'li observe, it don't sing
for It's nic first attimpt since a boy."
"Well," - < . "my boys usually read the very
best poetry sing-song, corporal. Is this a— a declaration?"
Healy blushed; at least his •■■ even redder
than was cust 'ir.ary. r.ut he drew himself up very
uraight indeed, and answered boldly:
"In confidence, it's afther bein' that same, Graves. Is
It all right
"Why spoil the sentiment by these bracketed assur
ances ■ emission?"
"Aw, Gr corporal, winking shrewdly,
"whin I \v;;s younger, an 1 runnfn' afther the gurrls, 'twas
: C wuz all Blntimint, so it wuz. But Igsparince has
I me that it's the puractical man gits there. Wull.
I drill the poem Into shape. Graves, seen' you're a
echolar, which, l belave, Inc hry."
Thi redly assumed the task,
nnd. much I niration. succeeded shortly
in submitting to the old soldier a sufficiently creditable
Healy gratefully took his departure, leav
huckle by himself for a long time in the
As the soldier left and took his way round the rear of
the buildings, avoiding the neighborhood d| the
trader's and the guardnouse, his manner was more
the twirl of his stick and the blitheness
of hi- ■ ' 'ant. He was almost
; ■ • limits, and had just settled to a business
like wi Ik, whei the corner or the cor
ral, he 1 9 Into Fin Strait, the farrier of bifl own
Like the corporal, Fin was a veteran, and the two
were Chun - • :' !'>]i!- r standing. The farrier's room In the
Btables ha . I of many a quiet carouse, with
: In in it bul les themselves, and when
were empty and his throat hot-coppered
of a morning, he was alwa nch compounded
fr^ni Fin's stock of alcohol,' supplied to the farrier a-s
a horse medicine. Together they had come out of the war,
:hf regular army, together had cam-
I d in frequent Indian rli I together they
vaguely Bupposed, though only in their cups did they talk
of it. they would be pensioned off and look after the wel
fare i : a distance.
"How, Healy!"
"How. Fin!*'
ll' : hi? stick like a drum mnjor and chir
ruped "Garry Owen." If he had looked straight at old
Fin he mi^ht have been struck with the fact that the far
rier's air was as guilty as his own.
At that unej rtling eruption from the
breast of either, each turned as one caught in a deed of
darkness and faced t lie other, reddening.
"I'll not be krtj'i!:' yez, Fin. if it's afther walkin ye«
are." said the corporal, almost angrily, and took a step
forward.
"Only to the sutler's for a beer," said Fin, more con
ciliatory. "Will you have one?"
•Tn booze," said Healy, shortly, p.nd dlsnp
l th< corral. "Whut the divil wuz he hangin'
Broun' fur so mystarious?" he added with most unfriendly
irritation.
IT.
Once Healy was safely away, his long less quickened
their action until he almost ran down the siopin^. slip
j. ry trail to the creek, across the unrailed, dangerous
over the creek, and, with almost the hopeful spring
plain to the outskirts of the mush
room t iwn. It nea'red sunset when he reached th<
outlying houses and branched off across lots to one little
two- • id quite by itself, very
HOW WE HANDLED OUR SHIPS BEFORE SANTIAGO.
U. S. S. Scorpion, Off Santiago de Cuba,
June 23, 1898.
Tin: main features of the news
herein contained may be old to
you by the time ihis arrives, but
the newspaper reports are inac
curate and this has at least the
merit of being an eye-witness ac
count.
our fleet has bombarded th ■ d< ■'■ i
of this place three times since the
blockade wn established. These bom
bardments t"ok place on th>' Gth, lot h
and 22d of Jun •. The ii; st fun the Gth)
occurred before our arrival on the
Scorpion; but this vessel took part in
both of the others.
The blockading fleet is arranged as
shown in the accompanying diagram,
copie<l from Admiral Sampson's order.
The outer circle, with Fort Morro as
;iter. has a radius of about .ix
miles by day and four miles at .night.
At night the battle-ships lowa, Ore
gon and Massachusetts tak" turns in
searchlight turned on the
entrance, while the Brooklyn, New
York and >>'<w Orleans constantly
;• the shore on each side of the en
trance, bo that the enemy's vessels
could not possibly get out without be
< in the evening of June 15 each ship
received the following order:
ORDER OF BATTLE.
U. S. Flagship N^w York,
Santiago de Cuba, Cuba,
June 15, 1898.
1. An examination indicates that
the Spaniards have been addiiig to
the defenses to the east and w*st of
the entrance. Apparently there are
mounted on the left of the western
battery two ship's guns and on the
right hand of the same battery two
or three old guns. On the eastern
battery, to the right of the light
house, arr mounted three old guns,
and possibly several smaller rapid
fire guns.
2. The squadron will be prepared
to-morrow morning at early daylight
to shell both of these batteries.
OLD HEARTS AFLAME
small, very neat and very unprotected. Healy paused fifty
yards from it. drew a long breath, blew It out again with
explosive determination, and charged the litle front door
as if it were an Indian outpost. Yet, when he reached it,
his knock was most modest and the martial red of his face
feebled to a flickering pink. A little woman, as neat and
unprotected looking as her house, opened the door.
"Oh Mr Healy," said she. "I hardly expected— l am
glad to 'see you. Won't you come in? What has brought
you into the town again to-day?"
"Aw. Mrs. Bell. Mrs. Bell," said He^ly. gallantly,
"what wud be afther bringin' me but jlst a solght o' thim
"Mister Healy, I'm surprised," said the little widow,
with a quicker twinkle of those dangerous eyes. "You
people at the post all say the same thing, and none of you
mean what you say, not one."
••Who— who— who's been darin to say that same
thing?" cried Healy in angry surprise.
Mrs. Bell laughed gleefully.
"Come In. corporal." she said, "do you think I'd tell
you who said anything to me at all, and have you eating
the poor things up? Do come in!"
"Begab an" I can't jist yet. Mrs. Bell," Healy an
swered. "They'll be afther callin' my name at retrato.
Mrs. Bell, swate Mrs. Bell, I'm askin' yez to look at this
wee bit ay writin'."
"Oh," cried the widow, suddenly animated. "Do tell!
Is it an invite to a hop at the post? Are the soldiers going
to give another dancer**
THE CORPORAL SHOT OUT THE WORDS ONGRILY TOWARD HIS OLD FRIEND OND POINTED TOWARD THE DOOR,
"'Sat yit!" exclaimed Healy, throwing out a restrain
ing hand as Mrs. Bell began to tear the envelope. "Nat
yit" he repeated tenderly. "Whin I'm gone, Mrs. Bell.
It's— it's— a a matther ay business, me dear."
"I v rjioral?"
"I'll be afther an answer to-night. Lit it be the rolght
wan. swate Mrs. Bell."
••Oh Mr. Healy!" the widow murmured and blushed.
Healy caught her In bis arms and gave her a hearty kiss.
"Oh, oh. Mr. Healy :'**she cried, and blushed again.
"Lit it be the roight wan, swate Mrs. Bell," the cor
porai repeated and ran away.
The farrier, being a privileged character, was excused
from tattoo rollcall. Then fore there was nothing to hin
der him. an hour after retreat, from locking his room door
In the troop stables and speeding away through a slight
fall of snow on pleasure bent. Bo it happened, while Corp
Healy waa standing stifTly to attention along with his
troop, answering the call of his name at tattoo, with th^
3. There will be no special forma
tion for this purpose, but vessels
will, at early dawn, carefully adjust
their positions and blockading dis
tances of three miles, and go quietly
to general quarters, the men having
been called early enough to have had
their enrly coffee. The New York and
the New Orleans will exchange
blockading 1 positions.
4. When signal 18 is made vessels
will move toward the harbor en
trance at a speed of five knots. Ar
rived at a distance of 3000 yards
each ship will stop and turn to pre
sent her broadside, the New York,
New Orleans. Oregon and lowa, turn
ing with port helm, and the Brook
lyn, Texas and the Massachusetts
with starboard helm. This stripping
and turning will be done without
signal, but all vessels should en
deavor to arrive on the firing line
at the same moment. After turning
distance should be closed to 400
yards, using the engines again if
needed. The vessels will retain tLe
positions thus taken as nearly as
possible, moving in closer if r.eces
sary in order to see their targets and
render their fire effective.
5. On signal from the commander
in-chief all vessels will open fire, or
fire will be opened in case the enemy
begins.
6. Bearings will be taken care
fully and distances obtained with aJ'
practicable accuracy.
7. The Vixen will take position
inshore on the western side and the
Scorpion on the eastern side and look
out for the musketry fire from shore.
They will be slightly outside the
flank ship and where they can en
filade any infantry fire directed upon
the ships.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
BY P.Y. BLACK
By Lieutenant W. S. Hughes, U. S. N., Executive Officer U. S. S. Scorpion.
8. The fire will be deliberate, and,
after the batteries are silenced, will
be carefully directed to their destruc
tion. Ammunition will not be thrown
away. Careful instructions will be
given to gun captains not to fire un
less they can see their mark, which,
in this case, will be the enemy's
guns.
9. The Vesuvius and the Porter
will remain on the east side, out of
range of the batteries.
10. At signal 19 the vessels will
resume their day blockading sta
tions. Very respectfully,
W. T. SAMPSON,
Rear Admiral United States Navy,
Commander-in-Chief United States
Naval Force, North Atlantic Sta
tion.
At daylight of the 16th the ships
moved in toward the batteries as di
rected, and immediately opened fire.
The batteries on shore replied prompt
ly and rapidly for perhaps half an
hour, then gradually ceased firing. The
scene during the battle was grand be
yond description. We, on the Scor
pion, fired 258 rounds. No one was
hurt on our side. The Spaniards seem
to be yery poor gunners. How much
harm we did to them could not be
ascertained, but our Bring was excel
lent and I feel sure we did considera
ble damage.
We have established a base, as you
may be aware, at Guantanamo, on the
Cuban coast, about thirty-nve miles
eastward of Santiago. This nlace was
captured by 600 marines, assisted by
•several of our ships. It is a beautiful
little bay, well protected from the sea.
Rome such place was absolutely neces
sary for coaling and watering our
ships, as this cannot well be done at
sea, except under very favorable con
ditions.
On the 19th the long looked for army
arrived, about 17,000 men. in thirty-six
transports, convoyed by the battle-ship
Indiana and some twenty-five gun
(Continued on Page 32.)
snow gathering thickly about them, that Fin Strait was
comfortably seated in the neat little unprotected house,
protecting from all comers the neat little widow.
"But I must be goins." he said for tne tenth time.
"It's getting late and the snow gets deeper every minute."
"Yes, Mr. Strait."
"I was thinking you must be very lonely here since—
you know—"
The widow's eyes ceased to twinkle, and winked away
a tear or two.
"It is lonely, Mr. Strait," she answered him.
"It's not lonely up at the post," said Fin, and rubbed
the crossed brass "sabers on his hat with sudden fury.
The widow sighed.
"But I can't live at the post, Mr. Strait," she an
swered, and stood In the middle of the floor, thoughtfully
playing with her marriago ring. The farrier looked at her
timidly, tenderly.
"Sit down. Mrs. Bell," he cried, desperately. "If you
can't find a chair, sit down here-"
And he pulled the widow on his knee.
"Oh. Mr. Strait!" said Mrs. Bell, but resisted very
gently. •
"Will you come and live at the post as my wife?" the
farrier whispered, but the wicked widow, conscious of an
offer from the corporal now in her pocket, played with the
farrier.
"Oh, Mr. Strait," she said, "you soldiers at the post
all say th<- same thing, and none of you mean it— not one."
At that there came a modest rap at the door, and the
widow jumped to open it. It is probable that she knew
who It was. for the twinkle of her eyes betrayed a love of
mischief, but she evinced great surprise at seeing Corp
Healy standing in the snow. She threw the door wide
and hospitably open.
"Why, Mr. Healy," said she.^'to think you'd come
through all that snow— for the second time to-day, too.
You must like the town. Come right, in."
"If it had snowed h.-iynits and sabers, me darllnt,
cried Healy, entering, "I'd have come for the—"
!)<• did not finish the sentence. He saw nls old friend,
Fin, and the corporal's face turned red and white and
darkly purple in Quick succession.
"How funny, now!" the widow cried, "ncre's you two,
whom lh.- folks at the post call the brethren, you're so
thick and Buch old friends, and you've never met at my
house before. How funny!"
So She chattered, while her lips were yet red with
honest Fin's kis*. and Healy' S appeal crumpled in her
pocket.
DIAGRAM SHOWING HOW THE BLOCKADING SQUADRON MADE THEIR MOVEMENTS BY DflY AND NIGHT IN THE
ATTACK ON THE FORTS BEFORE SANTIAGO.
Prom a sketch made by Lieutenant Hughes, executive officer U. S. S. Scorpion.
The corporal found his voice first.
•'Axcuse me, Mrs. Bell," he said, with a hoarse voice,
"fur dlsturbln 1 yez. It's business I'm afther havln wict
Farrier Strait. Will ye come out?" . _.
He shot the last words angrily at his old friend, ana
as quickly as the defiance reached his ear Fin took a step
forward. Healy turned to the widow and bowed with still,
soldierly formality. „ .
"I'll be likely in town to-morrow, said he, on the
matther ay the business betwixt us."
At once the farrier laced the widow.
"Mrs. Bell," said he, "to-morrow I'll seek an answer to
0> Put 0 the widow made no answer; she was now palo and
trembling.  _. .. 
"Corporal," she stammered, "Mr. Strait.
They were swiftly gone, however, the farrier closing
the door behind him, and the widow sat down, no little
frightened at such sudden mutual wrath.
"The two silly old things," she murmured. To go and
fight when one's just as nice as the other. '
111.
The snow had ceased falling and the air was colder as
the two soldiers strode away from the llttlf house, up the
trail to the post, in grim silence for many minutes. Healy,
his chin sticking out. his thin lips rigidly tight, marched
on blindly, clenching and unclenching his great bony
hands A pacr> to the corporal's rear Fin followed, but he,
after the llrst few hundred yards, so far conquered his
passion as to attempt nonchalance. He forced himself to
whistle, and lessened the angry determination of hia
stride. They wore near the old bridge, and at the sound
of that apparently merry tuno Healy stopped in tht- deep
shadow <>f the cottonwoods and fai.-ed his old crony. Healy
threw off his coat.
"We're no recrootk-s, to want the whole troop to see
us, Fin Strait," said he. "We can trust each other fur
fair play."
Fin laughed uneasily, and did not take off his coat.
His anger was apt to cool more quickly than the other's.
•Wat's eatin' you, Healy?" In- asked. "We ain't re
crooties, as you say. an' before I fight I want to know
what I'm rightin' about. It's the woman, of course."
"So it is," said Healy, shortly. "Whip me, an" go fur
yer answer to-morrow. If 1 whip you, sure 'tis t'other
way."
"Choo. I've a right to court her, an' now the blood's
cooled, I'll grant you've the same. But wnafs the use
of our flghtin' about a thing's settled. She had her choice,
free and fair, an' she's choosed. What's the good of
kickin'?"
"Yls, she's choosed," said Healy, fiercely. "An' whin
I've whipped yez fur yer interfarin' to-night, to-morrow
she'll say 'yis' to me."
"Ye're late for inspection, Healy, my t>oy. he said.
" 'Twas to-night she snt on my knee and kissed me. Isn t
that as good as saying 'yes'?"
"You lie! You lie!"
"Go easy! Ye'd better take that back!"
"Ye're a dirty liar! She wuz in me arrms this very
day! Wull yez fight, ye liar?"
In a second Fin's coat was thrown on the snow.
The affair was a very vulgar one — two common
soldiers of an age to know better, of a friendship which
should have been above such folly, battering each other
brutally with fists for the hand of a woman whose late
husband had been a Government teamster. It is to be
conceived, however, that the sneering moon never looked
down upon a combat fought by young lovers with honest
wounded hearts more fiercely aflame.
In utter silence they fought until the snow was beaten
and scattered by their dancing feet. There was no need
here of seconds, no need of an arbiter of the code. Feint.
parry, smash; a moment's play for breath, a close, a
tie; up and come again. The old boys were strictly
honest, and, though none saw save that flying moon and
an occasional jackrabbit startled in its tracks, each would
have scorned to take an unfair advantage, to be guilty
of a foul. Round after round, with all memory of their
former comradeship forgotten, with no thought save the
mad ones of a Jealous rivalry, they struggled together.
There was little difference in their weights, but Healy
was the wirier, and neither man's wind was as good as in
the days of early campaigns. So it happened that, after
half an hour's fierce fighting, when both were bloody, and
both more full of wrath than ever, they fell together and
rolled in thi- trampled snow, too blown to spring up.
Healy had the upper hold, and he cried in Fin Strait s
ear:
"Tek it back— about the kiss! Tek it back an" swear
yell lave the widdy be!"
Fin gasped a sturdy, fierce defiance, and Healy's hand
was raised over him. when there came faintly thrilling
over the snow the clear note of a bugle. Healy's hand
dropped" "harmlessly and he raised his head and pricked
his ears liko a dog at the call of his master. More loudly
rang the bugle, and suddenly the rivals were apart, sit
ting in the snow, listening Intently.
Tls boots an' saddles!" cried Fin. "An* me not at
the stables!"
With that each seized his coat, and. nil regardless of
their bruised faces and blood-stained shirts, they ran
swiftly to the post. There was rushing of men to the cor
rals, the sharp commands of officers, th<> click of revolvers
as they were hastily loaded, saddling of horses, curses of
men belated, hasty issuing of ammunition, and at last the
cool, clear voice of the captain of the troop:
"Prepare to mount! Mount! Form ranks'."
The corporal and the farrier were in their accustomed
places, breathing hard. Hushed and bloody, but ready —
ready as any lance corporal there, the pride of a first ser
geant's heart. Then a whisper passed from man to man
down the line of horsemen.
"There's an outbreak on the Snake River Reserve.
They've killed the agent, and the reds have massacred a
ranchman and his family."
But this midnight expedition, although It thrilled the
hearts of younger men, troubled the minds of the two
veterans little. They rode on as a matter of duty, just as
they would, if ordered, have gone through the maunal of
arms. The unfinished fight had left them with heated
brains too full of jealousy and disappointment and hate
to do more than brood over the fancied treachery of each.
Gone now were all memories of strirrup to stirrup
charges, of friendly frolics, of pains and pleasures shared
together. True comrades once they were bitter foes now.
They reached the place before daylight, seeing nothing
before "them, but all at once they beard the yapping of
dogs and the shrill voices of squaws, and the chant and
yells of blood-frenzied savages. In the fancied security
of the storm the reds in their tepees were celebrating
their hideous triumph to the monotonous beat of the
drum and the shrill song of the warriors and the dance
of the warpath.
The grim captain halted his column and gave his
orders, and in a minute every man was tense, revolver at
tht ready, bridle hand firm.
"Forward, march! Trot, march! Gallop, march!"
And loud and clear there followed the stirring yell,
"Charge." and the clean-cut note of the trumpet, that one
long heart-thumping note that sends a man to death as
willingly as to the dance. Down they went on the camp.
Into the blackness of the night, into the whirl of the bliz
zard, and at once it was Impossible to see one's right-hand
man or keep aligned. It was each man for himself, with
tb.e thought of a murdered woman and child to steel his
heart and nerve his hand and direct his aim. The Indians
were not all unready. Their arms were at hand, and very
Quickly they realized that the white men had braved even
the blizzard to seek revenge and were upon thm. In a
tumult of yells and hasty orders the chiefs sprang to repel
the attack. Jn a moment all was a corner of hell.
In the midst of it, right in the center of the camp,
two men came crush together, and in that instant recog
nized each other. In nelthx r*s mind was even that charge
the uppermost thing. Vith a sudden mutual curse their
rage was let loose. Healy extended his arm and fired, not
two yards from his old comrade. Old Fin. the farrier.
gave* a terrible scream, and Healy saw him drop. But
even in falling the veteran sought revenge, and his pistol
was discharged. The corporal felt a stinsc in his side; the
all suddenly ceased, and he also dropped inanimate
from his horse.
In a little separate room in the post hospital the old
campaigner came out of his fever, out of the delirium.
weeks after the fight on the Snake River. The doctor was
with him. and a stiffly upright and martial attendant.
He got well pretty quickly, for, as the doctor paid, he
had the constitution of a horse. One warm day he was
peremptorily ordered out. much against his will, to take
the air on the broad veranda which ran around the hos
pital. He got himself comfortable in a low chair In a
quiet corner and began for the hundredth time to go over
all the murdered man had done for him in those long,
active years of fun and fighting. His head drooped on his
breast and he dumbly thought of suicide. Round the
corner of the house came the unmistakable thump, thump
of a man on crutches. Healy's eyes sought the corner
vacantly. In an instant they opened wide with fear and
he *ose" to his feet, spreading out his hands to fend off
something horrible. The man on the crutches stopped.
He was pale with long- sickness when he turned the
corner, but now his face colored and his eyes lit up wTTh
sudden unspeakable relii t and joy.
"Howly mother, detind me! 1 ' cried Healy. "Aw, fur
mo sins, it's thrue I killed him. but I'm near crazy fur
the sorro' uv it. I'll confess it all, Fin. an' be hanged like
a man. Ye can have the widdy. her, if she's any good
to yea now. but go back to your grave an' lave me De, fur
the sake of ould toimes!"
"Healy! Healy!" gasped the man on crutches, hopping
toward him. "I've been feared to ask. I thought I killed
you. Healy, you old chump! Healy! Oh, Lord, I'm
thankful for this!"
"Fin." said Healy, slowly erasing to tremble. "Is it
rale fiish an' blood yez are? Me God, but I can't believe
it!"
But a touch of familiar hands reassured the veteran,
and in another minute the two sat side by side, and—
there were no recruits to see— their hands were clasped
in each other's and their eyes were wet. They did not
refer, save briefly, to their nearly fatal quarrel, under
standing that each, in a moment's madness, had fired on
her, and each, when convalescent, had been afraid
to ask for news of his friend. For a long time they were
silent, until old Fin looked slyly at the corporal.
"She's married!" he said abruptly.
"Chuh!" said Healy.
"To the schoolmaster Graves." said Fin.
"The divil," said Healy, and suddenly laughed loudly.
"Healy," said the farrier, solemnly, "weemin la
frauds."
"Ye're might, so ye are, Fin," said the corporal, and
hitched up his chair more closely to Strait's, with a sigh
of content.
Copyrighted, 1898— S. S. McClure & Co.HOW THE CALL GETS THE BEST WAR NEWS
t\ It is an acknowledged fact that The Call
r** has given its readers the best "war" news of S
-/ any paper In the country, from the morning yT ,
ff the Maine was blown u\< in Havana Harbor >^ . A
' last February up to the present time. To do >^ 1
this has been no light task. It has taken hun- S *
dreds of men and the constant use of several S
dispatch boats. >^
.w- -i -,^*— -^ At present the entire world is covered. /
r—f-r There are Call correspondents at every port^
II mW Where there is likely to be any news. All of S
\\A\ V Cuba is covered, as well as the Hawaiian Isl- S
mm finds, the Ladrones, the Philippines and even •
VW the ports of the Si»z Canal, as well as other /
' strategic points. Ev*Jb' city in Europe where S
there is likely to be diplomatic news there is /
a Call correspondent. The result has been /
that readers of the. Call have been given the
news and not mere floating rumors.
As soon as the signs of hostility grew oml
nous, the Call prepared for the days to come.
In Iditlon to having its regular correspond
ents all over the world,' the Call formed a
co-operative plan with the New York Herald,
by which the splendid news service of that
big daily was at its disposal.
As the uews comes to Call readers in the
morning there la nothing to indicate the
amount of work, hardship, judgment and
danger that was necessary to secure it. But
many a simple paragraph has only been ob
tained at the risk of some man's life.
When the wai began it found the Call-Her
ald with men at every station in air.. Cuba
and the United States where anything in the
events that preceded the struggle might hap
pen and where any news might come. It had
reporters in the field with the Cubans and
others ■..ith the armies of Spain. In the
north and the south of the United States its
correspondents felt the pulse of the people in
the filibustering expeditions that. preceded by
several years the open declaration of hostility.
Through all this time, while the American
Congress v. as indicating in speeches and reso
lutions that peace ould not long exist and
the Spanish iple in Madrid and Caba were
openly expressing their rage at the prospect
of American interference, the Call-Herald
had men clos^ to the whirlpools of anger.
The cable from Havana to Key West and
the lines thence to the Call's office in San
Francisco were open then and almost free.
News could be sent through with little inter
ference, save when the Spanish Censor step
ped in to prevent the publication of what
seemed to him to be reflections on the honor
of his country and his countrymen.
Then both nations drifted to the verge of
war and Havana established strict censor
ship. But the public demanded all the news,
and the Call-Herald obtained and presented
it without a break by putting into service at
once the first of a fleet of dispatch boats.
In Pensacola, Fla.. was obtained the Som
mers N. Smith, which is owned by the pilots'
association of that port, and is a craft so
stanch that in her one could make a trip
around the world. In the few months of her
existence before filibustering gave the United
States so much costly trouble the Smith had
made many a night trip into nut of the way
harbors in Cuba, and had put ashore for the
insurgents hundreds of thousands of rounds
of ammunition that had helped to prolong the
struggle of Gomez and his men until the
United States could take the burden from
them.
The crisis was fast approaching, and watch
ing it in the Cuban capital were Hamilton
Peltz, Ernest W. McCready and Walter S.
Meriwether. Day after day, when the world
was waiting, anxious for the news from the
center of interest — they sent dispatches
across by dispatch boat to Key West, graph
ic, accurate, that never would have passed
the Spanish censor, because they told the
whole truth. Correspondents of other papers
sat helpless in Havana. They could not use
the cable for the news they could gather;
they had no dispatch boats.
In Havana some of the time, in the fiMri
The first engagement of the war was over
and The Cali-Hf-rald's men, outside of officers
n the fleet, were the only ones who
knew about it. Off dashed the Summers N.
Smith fur Key West, through a storm, carry
ing the Admiral's official report, and The
Call the following day was the- only paper on
the Pacific Coast to tell the Btory.
A few day3< later, when' the other side of
the world was hear from. The Call and Herald
alone of all newspapers published In the
world, told the .full Htory of Dewey'a thence
famous victory :it Manila. Joseph L. Stick
ney performed that peerless feat. He was
himself a part of the battle he so pictur
esquely and completely described.
He la a graduate ot Annapolis and had
been a lieutenant in the navy. He was at
Hongkong when Dewey started out to do his
part In the humbling of Spain and was taken
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
by the Admiral on his flagship, the Olympla,
In the battle he was a volunteer aid of the
Admiral, and on the bridge of "the Olympia
he watched the progress of glorious victory
and took snapshots of the stirring scenes
around him. The Spaniards, foreseeing the
downfall of Manila, had cut the cable, and tc
get the great news to The Call and Herald
he had to go to Hongkong. He went and sent
through the finest, most complete account ol
an actual naval fight that 'ever has been
printed. In Dewey's official report he was
commended for his services in the hction.
As soon as the news of the victory at
Manila was told The Call at once dispatched
a corps of writers and artists to the Philip
pines. Among these were Sol N. Sheri
dan, one of the best writers on the Coast.
Pierre A. Boeringer, well known as an artist
and T. A. Healy, a thorough newspaper man.
At Honolulu, Alice Rix will tell Call readers
of whatever happens of interest. With this
corps Call readers will be sure to be supplied
with all the news.
As an illustration of the completeness of
The Call's war service is the location of the
fleet of Admiral Cervera at the Cape Verde
islands, and the exclusive information given
at the same time to the authorities in Wash
ington and the rest of the public that it had
Balled in tiit- direction Of Porto Kico. To ob
tain this news The Call-Herald had a ship
follow the Sn,;iiiards for twenty-four hours.
Later, when Cervera had been an unplaced
quantity for days, Call-Herald men found
him at Martinique and gave the first news to
the President.
To obtain a general idea of San Juan, the
Tyr one day put close in toward that harbor
and steamed slowly by. Suddenly out from
thing to do in the way of repairs were reliev
ing Incidents. Then came the daring feat of
\_ Hobson. Every newspaper, but The Call and
>- Herald misunderstood the brilliant feat of
v the naval constructor. Why was the Merri
\mac sunk? The others answered that the
collier was sent into the harbor of Santiago
*^v to force a passage through which Sampson
could go to reach Cervera. The Call-Her-
aid's men on its dispatch boats told the pub
'■:'- lie that Hobson's entrance to the hell of Span
>v ish fire was made for the purpose of keeping
Xthe enemy's ships inside. They were right.
Hobson, as we all know now was taken
.prisoner by Cervera himself. It was the
V>. Spanish Admiral who told that story to The
X. Call-Herald for the first time when he was
being taken as a prisoner to Portsmouth on
I the St. Louis. At that time, however, it waa '
not even known that Cervera himself was in
the bottle. Spanish ships were there, but wos
their commander? Spanish ships outside had
been reported to the administration.
The answer was sent to the navy and the
public. A cablegram was dispatched to tha
Spanish Admiral, who promptly replied, giv
ing his assurance that Hobson was being well
cared for. That settled it. Cervera was in
the bottle. He signed the message himself.
About this time came the movement of the
troops that had been whipped into shape in
the Southern camps. To Cuba with them
went Richard Harding Davis, to add to his
\ sea experience by closer work ashore. John
I C. Klein went along, too, and Alcides Betan
* court, eager to see close conflict in which his
i people, the Cubans, would be wit.i the United
States troops against the Spaniards.
•> The Mindora went into r.ction with Leo L..
Redding aboard, the Golden Rod with Hould-
V er L. Hudgins. A superb squadron there was
when these boats joined the others in the
news patrol between Santiago and Guanta
namo. ■ „. . " ; ,
Marines had landed at the latter place,
where the Stars and Stripes now float un-
I disturbed over Fort McCalla.
All along those fortified miles of Cuban
coast between Santiago and Guantanamo the
fighting went from that time almost ceasQ
lessly on at sea and in the Cuban jungles.
In front of Shafter's camp at Siboney Call-
I Herald boats were on station July L and
they were ready to get to top speed in a few
minutes. That day the American forces
made their first grand combined rush on the
I enemy and, leaving many of their number
Z dead dying and wounded in their trail, won.
I That day Nicholas Biddle was with them
through It all. He went through the battle
on foot, and Slboney, where Brown awaited
him, was many miles from the Spanish posi
tion where he saw the American flag planted
when the enemy's remnant retreated. Cour
iers of another paper— five of them— started
for the shore on horseback. On foot, almost
hopeless, he made a rush In the same direc
tion. Through awful jungles he traveled, and
in mountain paths and short cuts he had
never seen before. He reached his destina
t tion The mounted couriers were heard from
next day They were lost for many hours.
1 Biddle was neafly exhausted, but on the way
i to Kingston he struggled through his story,
i It was a "beat," and a glorious one, and
Brown, cabling to New York about it said.—
'Biddle tramped twenty miles, beat five
mounted couriers. Nearly dead, but got
On the next day, too, The Call-Herald had
each a magnificent exclusive story of the sec
ond fight Thomas F. Mlllard was in the
thickest of It. and was first to reach the cable
. ■ tO Whe A n^°e r rvera's fleet was destroyed in_ its
attempt to get out of Santiago The Can-Her
ald*"dispatch boat Golden Rod was the only
newspaper boat in sight of that most thrill
imr spectacle of a century. Brown and Me-
CreadTwerl on board, and the story they
nt of what they saw of glory and horror
wi one of the best word pictures ever sent
to a newspaper.
the mouth at full speed came the Spanish
cruiser Infanta Isabella II and headed after
the Danish ship, which made fast in the di
rection of St. Thomas. On crowded the Span
iard and on dashed the Dane, but the former
had the better speed and would have pounced
on The Call-Herald's boat in a few minutes.
On the horizon ahead came a small smoke
cloud. It grew and under it were funnels,
then a hull. It was the Yale, American liner,
American cruiser; it was salvation, too. The
Spaniard saw it, turned and ran home.
Spain's tleet finally was located and The
Call-Herald's boats, as faithful as those of
Admiral Sampson in sticking to a blockade,
kept watch near the grim old Morro that
marked the neck of the bottle into which
Cervera had put himself.
Lazy days followed each other for a while.
Bombardments that gave the enemy some-
2526
ALONG THE SEA SHORE
THE resorts still claim society's
undivided attention and outing
parties are the only events of the
moment An occasional trip to
town is always in order, but the
stay in the city is brief, devoted either to
Shopping or the noble Red Cross work,
ana entertaining is not own thought of.
One feature of the Beason is the popu
larity which all the resorts divide alike.
There are no favorites. A popular fad Is
to divide the time between several sum
mer hotels and visit all in tufti.
Those who have country homes are en
tertaining extensively ami Saturday to
Monday parties are much In vogue.
Jhcy're Engaged.
Mrs. J. Richardson of Los Angeles an
nounces t! tnent of her daughter,
Maud Hudson Richardson, to James
Bhultz. Mr. Shultz is manager of the
Redondo Lumber Company and was for
merly a resident of Ban Francis
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Louise Steiber and William Schaum
leffel.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Carrie Goldman, daughter of I. A. Gold
man, to Bi • r of Rio Vista. They
Will be pleased to see their friends Sun
day, July 31, and. Tuesday. August 2
from 2 to 5 o'clock, at HO4 O'Farrell
6trit_t.
Wedding Bells.
•Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Stephens of Sacra
rn- iito have returned from their bridal
tour through Santa Cruz. Monterey and
Luis Obispo and will be at home to
■their friends on the lirst and third
Wednesdays of each month at the resi
of the bride's mother, llltj I street,
mento.
The bride (formerly Lizzie B. de Lew)
is the handsome and accomplished
•laughter of the late Dr. Lewis de Lew,
an Episcopal clergyman and graduate of
cixf'.rd University. Mr, Stephens Is an
■ the Southern Pacific Company
at Sacramento.
A pretty wedding- occurred June IT> rit
■' Mr. an<l Mrs. lluph McCabe,
2728 Folsom Btreet. when th.ir daughter
Mary became the bride of Charles P . K.
Emmi t; <>; Palo Alto. Rev. Father Mor
of St. Peter's performed the cere
mony. The decorations were sweel peas,
rmd ferns. After partaking of a
delicious rej ast the happy couple left fur
a trip north to the home of the groom's
ta In McCoy, Or., where they will re
main for a few months and then return to
make their home in Pain Alto.
A very pretty wedding ceremony was
celebrated on Wednesday, June ill', at the
In Honolulu. H. [
Rev. C. E. Winning officiating. 1 'r.
Charles K. Blake, Government physician
at the Oahu plantation, and Miss Lillian ;
M. McKlbbln of San FrAncisco, who ar- .
rived on the Moana, were the contn
parties. The popular groom and his ac
lished bride will shortly occupy their
new home, which has just been com; I
on the Oahu plantation.
The wedding of Miss Flora Abraham
him! Henry Aronson was solemnized on
Sunday evening, July 3, at the bride's
residence, on McAllister street The cere
mony was performed by Rev. M. S. Levy.
The wedding was a very pretty affair.
The bridal couple were preceded by two
little Bower bearers, Miss Jennie Levy
l AnspaChCT. The rooms
were handsomely decorated with the na
tional colors. Those preseni wen :
Rev. M. S. Levy. Mr. mid Mrs. H. Aron-
Bon Mr. and Mrs. J. Abraham. Mr. and
Mrs. I. Abraham, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sllver-
Btein, Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Harris. Mr.
and Mrs. a. Guttstein, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Harris. Mr. and Mrs. B. Katchinski. Mrs.
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. m. King, Mr. Samuel.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hexkberg, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Moss. Mrs. It. Sittenbetm, Mr. and Mrs.
L. H. Henry. Sr- and Mrs. A. Less, Mr.
rind Mrs. .!. Anspacher, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Owens, Mr. and Mrs. H. Johnson, Dr. Al
beri S. Adler, Leo Bittenhelm, "M. J.
Stamper, Ch. Guttstein, G. Goldberg, S.
B non. W. Goldman, Max Licht. B.
, P. Taussig, H. Henry. Frank Ab
raham. L. King, Leo King. B. Rosenthal,
I. R l 8« :.<:: .< : 'l Mrs. F. G. Fenti
men. Mrs. Bendit, B. James. Robert P.
Abraham. Gabriel Abraham, Robert Ab
raham, Harold Abraham, Irving Levy,
A. C. Silverstein, Misa Gussie Abraham,
Miss Flo: eim, Miss Rosie Sit
tenheim, J. Stamper, Ray Bernstein, E3.
Henry. Miss Annie Bunderland, Miss An
nie King, Mis-- Minnie Harris. Miss Fan
nie King, Miss Miriam Abraham. F.
Smith. B. and J. T^-ss. T. Moss, H. Ar,s
pacher and the Misses .lames.
Outing parties.
Tho following were entertained by
rs. Guntner and Morgenstern at
Camp Piedmont. Red Wood Canyon. Mo
rago Valley, July IT: Alfred W. Morgen-
Btern. Charles Strohmeier, I>r. Robert
(He and wife. Miss Gertrude Morgen
stern of San Francisco; Fred and Louis
Pißcher ol Alameda, Chris Jessen and
family. Harry Letts and wife. Mr. and
Mrs Toby, Mr. Anderson and family. Al
bert Coin and family of Richmond
Park.
A very pleasant outing was given last
.-•■ on the ;>rk Utopia, at Bel\
Cove. Lunch was served on the ark and
the day was pleasantly spent in rowing
and visiting neighboring arks. Those
preseni were: Mr. and. Dewey, Will W.
Sale ■ Jpringer, Bert Bouton, Ed
Smith Mr Louis Springer, Mr.
■■ Frank Ford. Howard Green. Miss
Edna Ten Eyck, Miss May Springer, Miss
Margie McGratn, Miss Graney, Miss Col
lins Miss Nonie Kelly. Miss Fannie
Bpringer, Miss Lucy Gray. Miss Tessie
Graney, Miss Minnie Puckhaber. Miss
and Gertrude Springer. The party was
chaperoned by Mrs. H. L. Dewey.
About two miles from Boulder, in the
most picturesque and restful spot, is a
FmiK little camp under the chaperonage
r.f Mr and Mrs. Elisha Brooks. The fol
lowing are those that are enjoying the
outing- Mr. and Mrs. Klisha Brooks,
Miss Maude Wood, Miss Mabel Raltz of
Toledo Ohio; Miss Gertrude Hebbard of
Oakland, Miss Emily Wballey, Miss
Carew, Miss Juliet L. Sexton. Miss
Myrtle N. Brooks. Miss Edna J. Scott,
Mi^ 1 Grace Scoville. Miss Alice Brooks,
Eva Whalley, Miss Grace Chisholm
<if Nile* Miss Edna Lowell of Berkeley,
Miss Elolse Scoville, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Brooks. _
Home Qatherings.
Mrs. Koopman and Miss Mac Koopman
par.' a very enjoyable party, at their resi
dence on Franklin street last Wed:.
evening. Vocal solos were rendered by
Eva Conway, Miss Mac Mann, Harry
Brown, B. McKinley, and a duet by M.
Koopman and E. Hums. Those present
were the Misses Marian Hennessy. Nellie
Stevens, Clara Conway, Juli--t P.ertrana,
Lizzie Sloan, Lucy ftarldw, Bva Conway,
Rosalie Hammond, Loretta Burns, Ber
tha Habich.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to William Pymons. at his sister's (Mrs.
irt's) residence; on Marlrx
on Friday evenifig, July L The evening
■was delightfully spent in dancing, games
and other amusements. At midnight sup
per was partaken of. William Symons
has just returned from a visit to the Gey
sers. Among those present were: Miss
Ray Delehanty, Miss Maggie Bymonb,
Miss Kitty Raye, Miss Kate Ohlendorf,
Miss Elsie Waston, Miss Lizsie Ohlen
dorf. Miss Annie Llletholl, Miss Maggie
Reed, Misa May Wood, Miss Carrie
Burns, Miss Mary Gly, William Symons,
Albert Williams, Paul Winters, Albert
Crawford and William Marks.
A farewell party was given by Mim
Genevieve Joseph at her residence, 2204^a
Fillmore street, on Monday evening, Jujv
11, to some of her friends of Company iv.
Fourteenth United States Regular Infan
try, prior to their departure for Manila.
Corporal Ed Tlwmann and Bugler Walter
Commerce entertained the company wltn
several mandolin and guitar solos. Dane-
Ing. singing und games were participated
In until midnight, when the merry com
pany assembled in the dining room, wher«
they were Berved with a delicious repast.
Numerous toasts were drunk to the hon
ored quests' health and for a successful
campaign and a safe return.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stewart of IXIO
Green street held a social gathering last
Monday evening in honor of the boys
in blue of the hospital corps, Camp Me'r
ritt.
Glub Parties.
There was a large and fashionable au
dience at the regular monthly entertain
ment of. the Western Addition Literary
and Social Club, which was held <m
Wednesday evening, July 20, at Native
Sons' Hall.
The following excellent programme was
well received:
Overture, orchestra: soprano solo, se- j
lected. Miss Edythe E. Mills (accompan
ist. Miss Gertrude Payson); reading, se- !
lected, Dr. Thomas Conrad; barytone
solo, selected, Ben E. Grodjens; "Lend
Me Five Shillings," a comedy In one act, !
by John Maddison Morton; oast— Mr. Go- I
lightly, Alfred A. Borlini; Captain Phobbs,
Dr. W. H. Sieberst; Captain Sprue-. Wll-
Ham M. Ogilvie; Moreland, Charles W.
Wilson; Sam, a waiter, William E. Wai-:
lace; Mrs. Major Phobbs, Miss Mac Rob
erson; Mrs. Captain Phobbs, Miss Rose
Broderick. Seene — A room adjoining a
ballroom at a fashionable hotel.
As usual, dancing concluded the even
ing's entertainment.
Santa Gatalina Island.
SANTA CATALIXA. July 23.— G. G.
Fraser, a prominent mining man of San
Francisco, who spent several weeks at
the Metropole, lias returned again for the
During Mr. Fraser'a stay here
before he made the second world-break
ing record tuna fishing. He brought in
two immense tunas, weighing IT:; and 110
pounds, respectively, making the catch
in less than two hours.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parker Currier and
daughter of Oakland arc enjoying life
at the Metropole. During their stay on
the island they have entertained a num
ber of their friends with lunch parties
and picnics.
Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, Miss Marion
fellow, Miss Edith Goodfellow and
George Goodfellow, who have been guests
of the Metrop" ile for six weeks, have re
turned to their homes in San Francisco.
Attorney W. S. Goodfellow and his two
elder sons will leave shortly for the
north, making the trip home In their
private yacht. La Paloma.
William J. Landers of San Francisco
has joined his family at the Metropole for
an extended stay.
Dr. J. P. Dunn, who has been a guest
of the Metropole, has returned to his
home In Oakland.
A. A. Moore, a prominent attorney of
Oakland, accompanied by his family, has
returned to his northern home after a
delightful stay at the Metropole.
Mrs. c. A. Palmer and daughters.
Miss Palmer and Miss Bessie Palmer, of
Oakland, are still at the Metropole,
where they Expect to remain until the Ist
of August", when they will leave for their
home in Oakland.
Mrs. A. N. I>rown, Miss Drown and
Miss Newell Drown of San Francisco,
who were guests of the Metropole for a
week, have gone to Coronado for a brief
outing before returning home. Miss
STRANGE CEREMONY
Attending Turmeric MaKing Among the South
The manufacture of turmeric is one of the most interesting of Samoan
customs. It resembles a religious rite and bears strong traces of Mosaic
origin. The utmost purity, both in mind and body, is demanded of the
•workers, all of whom are women.
LOSSA, Lossa, aren't you coming
to see the lenga made?"
I sighed. I had been urgently
hurried home through the blaz
ing sunshine, and now, after
reaching the cool, airy house, I
was calmly requested to walk out
afresh into the blaze. Of course I
wanted to see, but the lwunge, the fresh
draught and the chastened light were
very tempting, so I sighed again.
"You mustn't do that, Lossa," says a
small Samoan, with a dirty bit of sack
ing knotted around her waist.
"What mustn't I do?"
"Look cross. You can't see the lenga
if you look cross; it will go bad."
"Oh!" I was exceedingly astonished.
I had heard of s<>ur looks turning the
milk in old-fashioned dairies, but the
sensitiveness of lenga, otherwise tur
meric, was an altogether new idea.
"Cross looks and angry words burn
up the lenga in the oven," continued
my mentor. "You're laughing/ Well,
it's true; but if you laugh you may
come. Here, Kileva, Elesivi, Tualava,
Lossa's coming!"
1 passed through a native hut
into a square inclo-sure alive with busy
workers, screened with palm leaves and
shaded by the broad branches of a pua
tree, formerly the home of a god. For
a moment 1 thought 1 had stepped into
a churchyard festival. Split cocoanut
busks, outlining grave-shaped ovals, on
which lay fresh banana leaves, were
unpleasantly suggestive. But a second^
glance at the underlying orange tint
and the general surroundings set me
speculating wildly. Had I stumbled on
a new edition of the old Fete dcs Fous,
with its donkey procession? What else
could be Indicated by that enormous
pile of carrots the old ladies were so
busy Bcraplng?
Then I remembered that I was in a
land where the carrot groweth not and
the donkey is a rare visitor. So I sat
down on my mat and demanded infor
mation.
A dozen voices hurled it at me. "Had
I never seen the ango root? It was
ango now, but it would be lenga soon;
some <>[ it was becoming lenga already
In the troughs."
"Mamma" is head scraper, the
nominal "mamma" of the whole
village, a blent garrulous old lady
In raiment which It would be superflu
ous to particularize. My glance wan
ders from her to the pretty girls who
are busying themselves round the
troughs under the vigilant eye of the
unsymmetrlcal Sisili. They are deco
rously If dingily arrayed in decollete
chemisettes and skimpy loincloths that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
Drown was the belle of the island during
her stay here. She made many friends,
who regretted that her stay could not be
prolonged.
Recent arrivals at the Mearopole from
the north are: H. R. Llpman, Mr. and
Mrs. Peter Lamb, Gus Berkmeyer, Peter
Martin, M. M. Poole, Mr. und Mrs. Ray
L. Fairchild, C. H. Wall and wife, J. I<\,
Plagemann, Miss Piagemann, Mrs. E. M.
Phillips. Mrs. M. V. Hartman. Miss B.
M. Hartman, Mlsb J. H. Hartman, F. W.
Brown. Ralph Wylie. San Francisco; Miss
H. E. Howe, Miss Ethyl White, Oaklnnd.
Summit Soda Springs.
Registered at Summit Soda Springs are:
Mrs. W. H. Beatty, Miss Alma M. Beatty.
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Edward L.
Parsons, Menlo Park; M. Gladys Merrill,
C. H. Merrill. Ruth F. Merrill, Rose
Bohan, San Francisco: R. Campbell, Misa
G. M. Campbell. Oakland; Mrs. E. F.
Hurlbut, Miss Jennie F. Hurlbut. Dr. W.
J. Hawkes, Pasadena; Mrs. E. G. Foord,
Mr. and Mrs. James Foord, Los Angeles;
John F. Anderson, San Francisco; John
Adams, Auburn; Lillie McCarty, Edward
H. Benjamin, San Francisco; Mrs. Milnor
Roberts, Miss Milnora Roberts, Milnor
Roberts, Colorado Springs. Colo.; W. M.
Gardiner, Oakland; Mrs. Samuel Poor
man, Miss Alice Poorman, San Francisco;
W. E. Cogswell, Sacramento; John
Groufe, San Francisco; Mrs. J. I. Me-
Connell, Miss McConnoll. Woodland; John
F. Merrill. Mrs. J.din F. Merrill. Ralph
I). Merrill. San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
E. c. Barrell, Colusa; H. L. Whipple and
wife, Mrs. L. P. Peck, Mr. and Mrs. L.
H. Jacobi, L. H. Jacob! Jr., D. A. Cam
blien and wife. Alameda; E. O. Smith and
wife, Auburn; Mr. and Mrs. F. F.
Ick, Miss Janot Bostwick. Stew
art Bostwick, Mill Valley; Mr. and
Mrs M. HaJl McAllister and family.
San Francisco; Thomas del Bocery. Paris;
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Bruce, Miss Janet
Bruce. Miss Bertie Bruce, Miss Stone,
San Francisco; Miss Carrie Yoerk, Sac
ramento; J. E. Krumb. Mrs. J. E. Krumb,
San Francisco; William Roush, Bath;
Fred w. Bridge and family. Belvedere;
Dennis Searles. San Francisco; Nilea
ea Jr.. wife and two children. Miss
Emily Chamberlln, Oakland: Mrs. L. C.
Carlpn, Truckee; R. H. Van Voorhies,
Sacramento; R. S. Hoi way and wife, San
Jose; R. M. Turner. San Francisco; Rich
ard M. Lyman. Oakland: W. C. Raiston,
San Francisco; C. del Estollle, Aubury;
H. G. Hinckly, San Francisco; B. H.
Pendleton, San Francisco; E. B. Wills
and wife, Clarence M. Wills. Mrs. W. A.
Hughson. Eleanor I. Hughson. Sacra
mento; 11. E. Wright and wife. Miss
Berldge, Berkeley: A. W. North. Winters;
H. A. Yeaxell, Berkeley; Miss Agnea
Goulden, Summit.
JHigMand Springs.
Late arrivals at Highland Springs in
clude: Mrs. K. M. Hare, L. E. Fitch and
wife, Joseph B. Batten, H. A. Russler
i and wife, W. C Riggs and wife, (/barbs
Haymann, W. R. Dalzelle, Mrs. A. F.
! Gunn. Ml*s M. Gunn. L. Euphrat, H. C.
. Hieatt and wife. Baton H. Hieatt, Harry
Charles. J. C. Ray, J. Villadson, D. H.
] Whittemore, C. H. B. Smalley, O. H.
I Greenwald. T. M. Osmont, Miss A. R.
Osmont, William S. McClure, Charles M.
Sadler, Miss H. E. Rademaker, M. M.
Hurd and wife, Miss Hurd, Miss Carroll,
Miss F. A. Carroll, A. C Moore, Mont
i gomery Godley, Miss Jean Harwood,
1 James M. de Witte. A. M. Jordan, Mrs.
Scale, Charles Wallert, A. H. Brake and
Sea Worsen.
have seen many washings. But above
the shoulders coquetry has had fair
play; the dark eyes and Hashing teeth,
the dark hair with gleams of gold are
set off by red hibiscus and pomegranate
flower and fragrant "nau" leaves.
They are flitting to and fro
In the sunshine, bearing buckets of
water, ladling the bright orange liquid
with cocoanut shells, arranging the
long banana leaves as carefully as
though putting some baby to sleep in
Us cradle.
A coacoanut leaf mat, stiffly
plaited, Is supported by the husk
border and lined with overlap
ping banana leaves; above this,
on a rough framework protected
by hanging banana leaves, is slung an
other mat, fresh and green, forming a
basket sieve; in it are laid broad strips
of fiber torn off the cocoanut trunk — na
ture's own weaving, finer and closer
than horsehair sieve — and in this the
grated turmeric root Is laid. Then
come the damsels, their cocoanuts
brimful of water which they cast into
the sieve, while their Stsili stirs up the
ruddy mass and a stream of vivid
orange splashes the hanging leaves and
pours into the glistening green trough.
No stinted labor or bungling work here.
When the trough is full the process be
gins afresh; again and again the muddy
orange liquid is lifted in the shells and
re-strained, till the hanging leaves turn
golden, the sieve looks like a miniature
claypit, the workers' hands and faces
assume a brassy appearance and their
dingy draperies are enlivened with daba
of yellow. At last the straining Is pro
nounced sufficient, slight laths are laid
across the trough, over them more
leaves to shelter from the sun's rays,
and the liquid lenga is left to settle.
Then my garlanded Cinderellas re
treat into the cool hut to show Lossa
their own special work at their own
very particular trough. Along the floor
lies a broken canoe, from It rise at reg
ular intervals peeled stems round
which rough sennit had been tightly
twisted, and from each stem depends a
long banana leaf. Down squat the
Cinderellas, cross-legged, each In front
of her own leaf; another leaf she care
fully lays on her lap, for when your
dress is particularly dirty it is desirable
not to splash it. T'p go the Cinderella
hands in pairs, holding closely clasped
a bit of scraped turmeric root which
they bring down the sennit-circled
stem with strong, slow motion; up and
down, up and down, the lithe brown
arms move evenly, dropping orange
flakes against the green background,
and as they grate their voices rise and
they sing, slowly and solemnly, a part
wife, J. M. Hayes. T. E. Oldis, Mrs J.
Smith, Miss A. Smith, Miss May bmltn,
Mrs. W. A. Plunkett and child, Mrs M-
S. Abbott, Miss Wainwright, \\ illiam
Giselman, A. E. Matta, Walter H. Lin
forth. C. L. Hopkins, S. Shirek, C. K.
Bush, C. Bennett and family, San I< ran
cisco; J. M. Jellett, Mrs. P. M. Walsh,
Miss Walsh, Oakland; J. R. Garnett and
family, Clara Simmons, Willows; J. b-
Craig and wife, Woodland; W. T. welker,
Berkeley; Charles Aull, Folsom; rs. «•
Braun. C. F. Kinsey. Oakland; George 1.
Trowbridge. Santa Rosa; J. F. Lilenthal,
Cambridge, Mass.; Miss Ada Dougherty,
J. W. Dougherty, Dougherty; P. C.
Nielson. R. P. Mosegaanl, Oakland; H.
M. Benson and wife, San Jose; Charles
Haas and wife, Stockton; E. Cummons,
Los Angeles; D. H. Morris, Oakland; L.
Hart, P. S. Hirsch, San Jose; J. ■»•
Rodgers, Sacramento.
El Paso ck gobies.
Registered during the past week at
Paso Robles were: Mrs. J. A. Goch, E. A.
Beame. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Simon, L.
Siegel and valet. P. Schlobach, ML Rash
en, M. J. Sideman, "F. W. Ely, Mrs. F. C.
Talbot. Miss S. Talbot, Miss Nellie Bow- j
lin. Miss 11. E. Condon, E. H. Lapedair •.
W. H. Francis, H. Harknoss. W. !T. Dick- !
tcKon. Mrs. E. M. Rosner, Miss C. Prater, ;
Miss &. Ryan, Claude Raboteau and fam- |
ily of Portland, J. Vincent, Mrs. Alex.
Smith. Miss Edith Smith, F. SeregJn, H.
l.timinnan. Mrs. Arthur Bridge, Sydney
Smith. M. J. Merrick, J. W. McCurely, J.
C. Slubbs and wife and Misses Edith and j
Beulah Btubba of San Fraactsoo, Bessie
Dorland of Ashland, Ohio, James Hors
burgh of Ban Francisco, W. H. Gowen
and wife of Los Angeles, Dr. F. Wester
berg, Sylvan Sells, Dr. A. P. Landstrom,
George L. Colburn. \V. H. Nolan, Lut-ien !
Levy and family, Charles L. Heier, I. K.
Richter, J. JI. Droste, J. M. Browning.
Simon Judah. T. Welhsler. C. A. Burn
ham of Handsburg, A. Mattel of Fresno,
H. Grant, M. F. joy, D. W. Eagan. Mrs.
ML I). Kelly, S. Pragcr ot Portland, Frank
Dunn and wife, Master Frank Dunn, B.
Prager and family, Mrs. C. L. Vanderr
ford ot Angels Camp. J. H. Hatch and
wife. A. C. Snyder and family ot Santa
Cruz. W. H. Menke, R. D. Me Guiddv. Dr.
R. Paulin. Mrs. J. J. McMahdn, Mrs. J.
D Thornton, Miss Lane, H. A. RoDen
baum and wife, Mrs. M. w. Newoerry,
Mrs. G. T. Noble, Gus Heyman, P. Van
Slyck.
Aqua Galiente.
The guests noV stopping at Aqua Cali
ent..- Springs are Mrs. E. E. Cook and
daughter, Mrs. A. Peiser, Mr. and Mrs. \
CharH-s Wheeler, Mrs. Susie Enos. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Llnderman, Mrs. H. H.
Hllp and two sons, Mr. and Mrs. George
Toy, Miss Mayelle Toy, Sarvey M. Toy
Mrs. Ella Judsoh, Miss Charlotte Judson,
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Benedict, Miss Julie .
Kohn, San Francisco; W. E. Wheß and
wife, Oakland; Mrs. 11. P. Sontng, Miss
Edythe Sontag. Mrs. L. Gerstle, Miss
Bella Gerstle, Mrs. M. Llllenthal, Miss
Bertha JJlienthal, Miss Edith Mack, Miss
Adele Mack, A. Mack, Mrs. B. Chris
tenflen, Mrs. B. Goodwin, Miss Myrtle
Kauffman. San Rafael; Mrs. J. A.
Leonard and three daughters, Alameda;
Mrs. F. Giuyas, M'-xico.
Independence Lake.
Recent arrivals at Independence Lake
Include: Rev. J. J. Claire, Mrs. Cahill, ;
Truckt-e, Cat,; Mrs. McAndrews, Miss H.I
Johnson. Santa Barbara; Mr. and Mrs. J. I
11. Grlndley, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. J. N. I
Schumacher, San Francisco; Lyman. j
Belding, Stockton; Mrs. C. F. Petrie, Vir
ginia City, New; Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Richardson, C. Richardson, Miss Mabel
Richardson, Reno; Mr. and Mrs. D. P.
Morgan, Virginia city; Mr. and Mrs. J.
P. le fount, San Francisco; F. Calgrior,
T. A. McDonald, W. J. McDonald, Boca,
Cal.; Mrs. F. Devlrinelle, Sacramento;
Richard Watkins, Miss Jennie Watklns, .
Miss EJ: A. Nixon, Miss Emily Nixon,
San Francisco.
_/Aetr\a Springs.
Registered nt Aetna Springs are: Mrs.
P. ll"ss, \v. P. Hess. C. B. York and
wife, Dr. Frank Pagtie and wife, G. S.
Smith and wife, O. B. Marston, Alex
Stiiirs. .J. V. Lawrie, A. G. Slmpkin.s, Miss
}■'. Simpkins, Miss Grace Brocade, Miss
Bertha C. Klein. -Mrs. George F. Vote, C.
O. Parry, M. J.. Martin. K. Maertins.H. L.
song, the song of the turmeric worker.
The dragon Hies flash to and fro in
pursuit of prey, a little lizard with sus
picious eye creeps cautiously down one
of the houseposts, a butterfly flutters
past, like a flying onyx, the black fuia
utters his shrill whistle up in the pua
tree, the cocks and hens show signs of
roosting in its branches, and still the
voices of the graters rise and fall while
I watch and dream. Suddenly I be-
Come aware of a lull, and looking up I
find antelope eyes gazing at me re
proachfully. I had forgotten my man
ners! As visitor It was my business to
lead in the appreciative "malic," the
Samoan "bravo," and the artists are
discouraged. I make amends and re
treat home in the rapidly falling twi
light, for it is time for the workers to
consider the food question and I am
AT THE DENTIST'S.
"You'll be a good little girl, and take the fras, won't you, Kitty?"
"Oh, mamma, mayn't I have electric light?"
Smith and wife, Miss A. J. Uahle, San
Francisco; Vera W. Hunter, Mrs. D. B.
Hunter, Mrs. F. Russ,' \esta Colby,
Berkeley; George R. Bird. W. J. Davis,
San Francisco.
Bartlett Springs.
The Bartlett Springs arrivals for the
past week are: T. G. Walkington and
wife J. Hennessy, Mrs. K. A. Adelberg,
Miss E. N. Brady, L. J. Holton and wife,
Henry Seymore, Mrs. Corbett and daugh
ter, Mrs.'W. B. Dolan, J. Gengnagel, J.
Bloom, Uenis Kearney, A. Cohen, James
W Ryne, L. Cunningham and wife, Frank
H. Kerrigan, Charles H. Wood and wife,
Mrs. H. Miller, H. Hearns, Mrs. Frederick
and daughter, Mrs. O. S. Carville, Miss
1 M Kertz J. M. Long, Val Gallagher and
wife, H. A. Cable, H. C. Kennedy E. J.
Smith J. N. Victor, J. Traynor and wife,
F B. Peterson, O. H. Keys, Bruce Con
! nelly, Lizzie Connelly, George W. Hall,
i H C Kent, J. Eldin, P. Billegarde, Mrs.
i M. Irvine, San Francisco; August Buck
i man F. L. Lauser J. Little. J. \V. Larkin
! and wife, Henry Buckman, Mrs. N. Swen
| son, C. V. Talmadge, H. O. Buckman,
I Albert Becker, Erm-*t Wright, F. i..
Wright, Sacramento; John Hughes, Wood
land; Miss E. Clarke. Willows, William
Betz Winters; T. J. Brownwell and wife,
Napa; Mrs. C. BllicKe, Los Angeles; Mrs.
L Hayner, Modesto: J. H. Neff. Colfax;
James Hare, MarysvUlej J. N. Victor, San
Bernardino; Florence Hopklrk, Rocklin;
L. S. Coombs, G. Wright, Napa; John
Martin, Grass Valley; R. E. Ross, Los
Angeles; A. Cohen, Red Bluff; Mlgs Pof
fenberger, Williams; W. Junkans and
wife. Weaverville; N. Dalton. Marysville;
Miss K. Hankins. Colusa; Jesse Walters
and family, Oakville; Albert Robinson,
Krs. McHenry, Modesto; T. J.
Auburn; L. B. Murphy. E. C.
arysvllle; J. S. Ryan, Rocklin;
arke, San Luis Oblspo; Dewitt
Napa; John Collins, Grass Val-
T. Wallory, Lakeport: Dan Cal
illa; Mack C. Coats, Yuba City;
son, Williams.
Saratoga Springs.
, The following is a list of late arrivals at
Saratoga Springs: Michael Lane, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Rlgby, Bertie
Rlgby, Alameda; M. B. McCoy, Rockford;
Mrs. C. Bruntsek, Mr. and Mrs. Sohlke,
Alameda; R. G. Drady, Oscar Wolf, E.
Wolf, J. Eppinger, San Francisco;
Thomas Kimble. Sebastopol; Max Wright.
Stanford Mrs. F. G. Argoll, San Fran
cisco; Miss A. Jordon, Miss Maud Alder
man, Santa Clara; Mrs. C. A. Schroder,
San Francisco; Miss A. Patrick, Miss 1..
Franck, Oakland; Miss Laura Farns
worth, Miss J. Marks, Mrs. B. Roland,
Dr. Bernard, Mrs. Bernard, San Fran
cisco; Miss K. H. Snapp, Miss M. E.
Folger, Stockton; Mrs. L. E. Anderson,
Miss Maud Metealf. P.akerstieid : George
H. Palmer. Su.san Palmer. Mary Palmer,
San Francis.-..; Charles Rhine, Pauline
Rhine, Esther Rhine, Clayton; Viviana
Kennedy. Mrs. W. J. Kennedy, Claire
Kennedy, Mrs. E. Short, W. G. Yanke,
San Francisco.
Paraiso Sprirx^s.
The latest arrivals at Paraiso Hot
Springs are:
James Caughlin, George Tully, Chris
Toft, J. J. Tully. James S. Baar, A. Pol
lack, Mr. and Mrs. J. Brown, R. Robert
son, J. M. Christensen, S. Osterhaut, Miss
B ,!."ist. Mathew Kavanaugh, JacobNlck
ind wife, Mrs. H. B. Ball, Henry Tim
miTinan, E. P. Farnsworth, Warren S.
White, San Francisco; Ernest Husing, W.
W. Casey. San Mateo; Mrs. G. W. Low
ery, San Jose; Metha Peterson, Vallejo;
Mrs. Katharina Haas. Miss Haas, Hay
wards; S. M. Wn<-k. Blanco; A. Alexan
der, Oakland; Mrs. R. Schwatz, Colman
Schwatz, Milton H. Schwatz. Santa Cruz;
< >. t'ayer, W. Wlnterhalter, P. Wlnoose,
Sailnas.
Deer p*ark Inn.
DEER PARK INN, July 2."..— The
weather remains the most perfect of any
season ever known here. Not a cloud has
drifted across the sky since the snow
storm of June 1. Trouting Is excellent
In Five Lakes. Rev. A. J. Wells of San
Francisco came down with fifteen aver
aging- a pound each, which he shipped to
San Francisco.
Dr. Finyes, the naturalist, from Pasa
dena, with his family, arrived here yes
terday. He is making a study of beetles,
of which he has a large and valuable col
lection.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. B. L>. Brandt will cele
brate their golden wedding anniversary
this Sunday, July 24, and will receive
their friends at their home, 1318 Sinter
street.
The largest painting in the world, ex
clusive of panoramas and cycloramas. is
"Paradise, by Tintoretto, in the grand
salon of Ui" Ooze's palace at Venice, be
ing 84 feet wide by 34 feet high.
superfluous. But when I wake up at
night and watch the stars twinkling
athwart the palm crests l hear the song
of the turmeric rising and falling and
I know that the green and orange har
mony is still unwinding.
Evidently turmeric making is a func
tion for which everything else has to
be laid aside. Moreover th^re is tradi
tional ceremonial enwrapping u^e func
tion, a suggestion of past mysteries
hailing from the days when the white
mission church was unknown. It is a
purely feminine ceremonial; men are
tabooed like unclean things; even hus
bands and fathers are forbidden the
sacred, golden precincts, and for the
time being family ties are broken. No
worker, married or single, must eat
with her own people or sleep under her
own roof. Day after day, sometimes for
weeks, the lenga makers form a little
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
iS oiF 1
1 ■ « ■ >« * —*- ■ » •
! STYLISH
| DRESS GOODS AND SILKS!
i r
! To-morrow we inaugurate a GREAT BARGAIN SALE of Silks
! and Dress Goods, as WE ARE COMPELLED TO RAISE MONEY TO
i PAY OFF THE'BALANCE OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS BY AUGUST 16th,
| and during this sale buyers will be offered THE BIGGEST VALUES
j EVER SHOWN in New and Fashionable Dress Materials, our en-
• tire stock of which has been thoroughly overhauled and MARKED
! DOWN TO JUST HALF REGULAR PRICES
! TO FORCE THE GOODS INTO CASH IMMEDIATELY!
i
i- SPECIMEN SILK BARGAINS !
i .
j 7K r ' 6000 yards FRENCH FAILLE, BENGALINE and SICILLIAN
; ■ " in a good variety of colors, former price $1 50, will be closed
I out at 76c a yard.
\ 7K r 4500 yards RHADAME DUCHESE AND VELOUR in colors,
, i yJK, extra heavy quality, former price $1 50, will be closed out 'at
I 75c a yard.
j KA r 4000 yards FRENCH FAILLE FRANCAISE AND BENGA-
. VM - LINE in a splendid variety of colors, former price $1 00, will be
| closed out at 50c a yard.
| *7 Etp 3500 yards assorted EVENING SHADES in brocaded and plain
. ■ vJ *' colors, former price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
I • ~ ■-■■/*
. rZ(\ r 3000 yards IMPORTED BENGALINE AND FAILLE, also
I JVL FIGURED BROCHE, former price $1 00, will be closed out at
50c a yard.
I
• Cl OO 00 yards FRENCH TAFFETA, 27 inches wide, in plain and
I MJI,W cnangeablei wor th $1 50, will be closed out at $1 00 a yard.
I CAr. 2000 yards 19-INCH TAFFETA in a fine line of colors, former
• v -H''-' price 85c and 75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
■ <T| fin sooo yards FRENCH AN U£ SWISS NOVELTY PLAIDS AND
| CH ECKS in a beautiful assortment of colors, former price $175,
will be closed out at $1 00 a yard.
' $1 HO 4000 yard 3 BAYEDERE PLAIDS in the very latest colorings
| «4?l» or street wear, worth $1 50, will be closed out at $1 00 a yard.
i S r 6000 yards ; COLORED SURAHS, SATINS AND FAILLE
1 *&+' FRANCAISE, worth 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
1 Ot r 1500 yards TINSEL, PERSIAN AND FANCY SILKS, worth
[ *JvJC 75 C> -w-iii be- closed out at 35c a yard.
! 7C-P 1300 yards PLAID AND CHECKS SILKS in black and white
' / vJI* and colors, worth $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
\ 7C r 1500 yards ROMAN STRIPE ALL-SILK VELVET, worth $3 50,
| / vJ^ will be closed out at 75c a yard. *
I . -
: S^ 3 See Chronicle and Examiner for Cloaks and Dress Goods.
iff iff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
y^ \Jf Seivi Francisco. f
community dedicated to harmony and
turmeric-; they sleep together, eat to
gether, work together, sing together
and ignore the existence of that disso
nant note, Man. And every alternate
night they rouse up at 12 o'clock to sit
before their' troughs, grate their roots
and sing their songs, till morning
dawns and tired heads nod on brown
shoulders.
And this is the Law of the Lenga:
Thou shalt not quarrel, lest thou gaze
upon the turmeric with an evil eye;
neither shall thy neighbor quarrel, lest
the sound thereof reach the turmeric
house; neither : hall any be at variance
In the village lest the air be polluted
with dissension. And If any in the vil
lage fight with his neighbor, or
frown upon his brother; or if any
woman fight over the lenga and gaze
upon it with an evil eye; or if any carry
evil tales, eat outside the turmeric
house, touch of food of which those out
side have partaken, or greedily conceal
food which she does not share with her
lenga sisters, then shall the gathering
be broken up and each woman return
untit her own home, lest the turmeric
be spoilt and the village win 111 fame.
For the Law of the Lenga is the Law of
Love.
Next morning T am sent for to see
the lenga oven. The inclosure is the
same scene of activity as yesterday but
the contents of some of the cradles are
altered. A pale yellow scum has risen
leaving a thick, greasy orange sedi
ment on the green leaves. This pre
cious sediment the girls are not allowed
to touch; witch-like dames crouch over
oval wooden bowls and strain it again
and again through palm fiber, till at
last consistency is pronounced perfect
and a small bowlful handed inside the
hut, where one of the Clnderellas
awaits it. She is rightfully placed
now, bending over a circular fireplace
enclosed cornerwlse with mats, while
her hand holds daintily a cocoanut
shell like an inverted acorn with the
cup struck off; a shell polished with
much use, its inside oiled and stained
with the red juice of the oa tree.
Cinderella plugs the small hole at the
tip, pours in some liquid lenga with the
help of a leaf and tenderly deposits her
brown acorn beside the glowing em
bers. When two or three cups are
thus set on end she heaps over them
several dozen leaves of the laupata,
heart-shaped leaves with red vetoing,
far too pretty to be shriveled and
smoked in this lavish fashion. Then it
is politely hinted to me that my pres
ence is no longer required, the lenga
will take some hours to bake and I can
see the results next day.
So I do. The Sisili In person comes to
call, and from the depths of a green
basket, out of manifold leaf wrappers,
she produces three of the acorns look-
Ing none the worse for their roasting.
A clean leaf Is laid on my unworthy
hand, the acorn plug is removed, the
apex held to my mouth, and I am sol
emnly requested to blow hard. I pro
duce a whistling sound, and slowly
there glides out an acorn shaped,
slimy orange substance, a lenga jaune
mange which I am asked to admire as
an artistic triumph. Isn't it smooth and
glossy and perfect in shape? Did Lossa
ever in her life see the like? Well, no,
on her honor, Lossa never did, so she
sits and admires the yellow acorn
which, when hardened, will be inclosed
In green wrapper and set aside for its
important destiny, pet aside to heal the
sores of the sick child, to tint the face
and hair of the belle, to enrich the
trousseau of the bride.
Meanwhile the grating and straining,
the singing and smiling, continue day
and night; the female population seems
to be qualifying for an attack of Jaun
dice this evening, we shall eat valu
valu — grated yam baked with co
coanut cream — which has been colored
with turmeric, and the Law of the
Lenga shall prevail many days.
"Peac^ or earth, good will toward
men." We Christians proudly hoist the
motto once a year and leave it in abey
ance for the remaining fifty-one weeks.
Who was the heathen who introduced
it among this brown-skinned race bid
ding them live in fraternal harmony
for weeks at a time? How many cen
turies ago did some far-seeing law
giver select the humble waving plant
of orange root and transparent flower
cluster, investing It with the attributes
wherewith we enshrine the memory of
the Christmas child 0
] OSE DE BOHEME.
GLOSS BONNETS.
Miss Carrie de Mar at the Orpheum this
week wears the latest agony In the mil
linery line. It is a glass hat. designed and
manufactured in Paris and procured at a
cost of 'steen dollars— possibly more.
The rim and crown are made of flexible
glass, and as a stage hat it is a success,
for the nodding- plumes are ever in full
view and from whatever point. Around
the l>rim and crown the trimming is
orange cftlffon, neatly shirred. A wealth
of tall ostrich plumes lend a swell effect.
The style of the hat is of what is known
in Paris us La Militaire, and a black vel
vet (imps under the chin, which tends to
sit off to good advantage Miss de Mar's
pretty face. That this style of hat should
Bver become popular with femininity in
general is not likely, but for stage use It
serves Its purpose and lends a most
charming effect. When Miss de Mar re
turns to Xew York she intends ordering
several more glass hats, and they will
be tinted to match the color of her
gowns.THE TRIMMED SKIRT AND ITS GARNITURE
Special to Thp Sunday Call.
NEW YORK, July 22. — "All
skirt? arc trimmed this sum
mer," said my friend, the
idiste, the other day, when
I dropped in to make her a
Bummer .-all. "At first the
lou was undecided md the -
red a little between the plain skirt
the ru ed one. but it has settled
: '\vn steadily in favor of the latter.
So much b< . Indeed, that 1 am kept
busy during this h r ruffling,
frilling ami trimming in various
the skirts which early in thi I
There are as many way? to trim a
skirt as there are ways to kill a cat.
"Select \><ur style" might !"• given as
advice to a young woman about to trim
a skin. S' ••u-< i t your material whatever
it may be and make a trimming out of
It Any one w] bis fact has
t the .skirts to
tiionabie ■
• light ma
• rything under
the put..
The hea tner skirts are those
of duck, which is. In point of weight, a
avy goods. The
that it is not lined makes it light
: »uck skirts are trimmed with
bands of ribbon and with rows of braid.
Ribtx d in all widths from
the three-inch width, it is
nally put on in bands that slope
a point low In the front to a
• high in the back, thus giving a
dlj overskirt effect Another ad
ble way to use ribbon Is In th»
form of a frill, hut the straight band is
to manage.
Braid is put on in til' 1 same way. It
is sloped suddenly from the front to
the sides and again up to the back, so
that it comes almost \<> the waist line.
A very nic< trimming is made of braid
neh wide sloping in this way.
Three r< braid are put <>n
three inches apart and the skirt is
trimmed.
• But frills are the dressiest trimming
a pkirt can have. Frills are made out
y thin material, mull being prefer
able to all others, and out of ribbon. A
frill. B, is a strip of
mull lace gathered upon the
PLAITED WITH BANDS OF NARROW BRAID FOR BICYCLING.
upper edge and sewed upon the goods
! on both edges like
a pufl - i with lace and
can be finished in any way that pl<
or th>- frill can be Left plain. Frill
iifrht by the yard and It
. ing of time to purchase
In this way. But for the woman
who likes to us- her needle, to make a
frill is a dainty, delicate task which she
\\ ill enjoy.
The tiniest lace edge is used upon
ribbon frills. Upon frills of organdie
and other thin goods there may be very
tiny, narrow ribbon edges sewed fast,
or edg>-s of light. Huffy silk trim"
or lace. The rule for a frill is that it
must look dainty. It can never have a
heavy appearance, otherwise It will
lack it tial qualification.
The ruffle around the foot <.f the
skirt, or as it Is often called, the duat
ruffle, is so fashionable this summer
that Its prea •:■■ •■ is more common than
its omission. Almost every X-ray skirt
or the skirt of almost every thin
JUST A NEW OF THE SUMMER PLIGHTS OF THE VENTURESOME ATHLETIC GIRL.
has this ruffle around the foot. This
may be three Inches deep, headed with
a frill. It need not be very full, scarcely
more than full enough to set around
the foot.
Ruining is as popular as it was ten
3* ars ago. Then every skirt was
trimmed with ruffles around the foot.
These have come in again and have
taken up their old time popularity. The
only difference is in the way that they
are put on. Instead of setting straight
nd the skirt they take a curve, and
this gives the overskirt effect which is
si i much seen upon summer dresses.
Ruffles that are put on In curved fash
ion should be very carefully set upon
tin- skirt. The skirt should be marked
Into quarters and the ruffles should be
quartered and pinned in place. After
they are pinned the skirt should be
tried on and if a ruffle stands out in an
awkward fashion in any spot it is a
sure sign that it is not pinned on
straight. This should be corrected be
fore the skirt is stitched.
Another word of caution to the wo
man who makes her own ruffles; be
sure that they are sewed fast. Noth
ing cat (lies on objects as quickly as
the ruffle and nothing is more easily
torn off. The sight of half a yard of
ruffle hanging from a pretty mull dress
is not inspiring. If the ruffle is sewed
on the machine, care should be taken
that the tension is loose enough so that
the ruffle will not bmd upon the skirt.
In fact, hand work is to Be preferred
to sewing machine work in this mat
ter, as the stitch can be a little loose,
yet very strong.
Bicycle skirts are trimmed with
braid. Frills and lace are out of place
upon the wheel, but bicycle skirts are
trimmed just the same. T.raid is
sewed upon duck and light cloth goods,
the box plaited skirts are trimmed
with narrow rows of soutache. Tht*e
are sowed on abundantly one by one
until the back of the skirt is nicely
trimmed while the front has its narrow
rows of braid around the foot. Old
bicycle skirts can be brought up-to-
Iditlon of a few rows of
braid put on in this way.
It is really remarkable how the fash
ion runs toward skirts that are
trimmed in the back. No matter how
plain the front, the back is made <!e<-
ve with braid, ribbon and other
material?.
Velvet is also used for a skirt trim-
: ming. I saw a dress of white duck
trimmed with very narrow bands of
velvet ribbon. These were lightly
sewed on along the upper edge, and
: were to be ripped oft when the dress
: ndi re<L
Extremely clever young women have
a way of trimming these light skirts
quickly. There is a very pretty ruff
ling which comes s<> that it can be
bin toned along the upper edge. The
rulHing is made of mull and edged with
; lace. It comes in all colors. Along
' the top is a very narrow band in which
; are buttonholes. The band is made
invisible by an applique of lace. After
i?i' skirt is laundjen d this ruttle is but
i toned upon thf skirt, and so the trim
ming is quickly put on. One can have
several sets of these ruffles ready for
Immediate use. Even with the dorp un
derskirt the trimmed skirt is neces
| sary.
A lined sash is regarded as a part of
| a skirt trimming and is worn with ends
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 189 S.
SKIRT TRIMMED WITH VERY FULL RUCHINGS OF CHIFFON FOR DAY OR EVENING.
that reach to the foot of the skirt, and
loops that reach half way to the foot.
The sash may be made of very broad
silk ribbon edged with fine Valencien
nes lace, or it may be a double
with a frill of chiffon around the •
A double sash is considered by many
an economy in the end. To make a
double sash you get twice as much rib-
TIGHT SHOES A SOURCE OF WRINKLES.
This department is for the benefit of all beauty-seekers, and correspondence is cordially invited.
Questions will be answered in these columns. Sign any name that you choose and address all commu
nications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
o o o\V many of you wear shoes
j that are perfectly comfortable
and that felt easy the first time
,j> ,^ you put them on? Honest, now!
'Fess up. How many of you buy
shoe? that you know are a Bize too small
for you. but which make your feet look
so much prettier than do the otl
which are really the proper size? The
vanity of woman Is colossal, for who do
you Buppose !s going to notice that one
size's difference, for the sak<> of which
you are hobbling around with an ugly
little pucker on your brow and an ag
onised expression in your eye? For the]
pain arising from a corn or bunion which
which is the direct result of an illy fitting
shoe is often more intfnse than that at
tending a severe attack of illness. As th"
transcription of a very old saying
"Biff aches from little toe corns grow."
Of course, it is exceedingly nice to have }
pretty feet, but if Dame Nature has no!
given them to you you won't remedy |
matters by pinching the toes, ruining the i
gait and causing yourself the most in
tense anguish.
The same care should be given to the
feet that one g!ves to the ban. ls. They
should be washed every night and morn
ing.
bnn as you would need for a single
the ribbon carefully Lo
g( ther bo that it has two sides, and be
: the i dees of the ribbon you
r a frill or lace or a frill of chiffon
or one <>f tiny white ribbon. You then
make your sash up into a very large
bow and 11 la ready for use. You can
it with any dress.
By Mme. Hygeia.
Once a week, at bedtime, give them a ;
fifteen minutes' l-;Uh in hot soap and
w;tt'-r, followed by cubbing with a ball
of sandstone; The nails should be left
even with the ends of the toea as a pro- ;
tection and the skin at the base of the
nail should be pushed back and kepi free
just ;is in the case of toe finger null. Af
ter this bath anoint the feet with olive
oil and draw over them a pair of white
stockings to protect the bedclothes from
i spots. The oil will soak off the
old skin and remove the scaly tissue
about the nails, while the soles will be
rendered as soft and pliant as a baby's.
The stockings should lie changed every
day, and what :i comfort It would be if
our shoemakers could be induced to put
adjustable linings in our shoes, so thai
they could be changed when Boiled. As
it is. they enn be kept fresh and sweet
by turning down the tops and exposing
them to the air in an open window over
night and wiping them out with ammonia |
■ once a week.
Thank fortune the small foot mania is 1
Isappearing except In China, where
it is still customary to break and turn
under the toes of the high cast women
in order to arrest their growth.
The feet, to be really beautiful, should
be in proportion fi the rest of the struct- j
ure. Amelie Rives, in "The Witness of
the Sun." describes the Incongruity of
small hands and feet on women large of j
stature in this delicious way:
The ribbon sash is tied exactly in the
back, and the long, straight lines which
it gives to the figure are highly desira
ble. The girl who wears a skirt of lawn
unrelieved except by the dust ruffle un
der the feet, and a long double sash
tied at the back of her waist, is almost
classic in the lines of her figure.
HELEN WARD.
"Her big- limbs ended In tiny hands and
feet, which arc the Ideal of beauty with
si many women. As a Uttle girl Natalie
possessed the arms of a well-stuffed chair
and the legs of a piano. As a young lady,
voluminous sleeves and draperies only
permitted one to observe hands which
corresponded to the little tassels which
usually finish off chair arms and feet not
much !ar^«T thai the castors In which
piano legs always terminate."
In ancient statuary the human foot Is
shown to us in its purity, but. alas! how
far removed from this model is the mod
.■rn, fashionable foot, with Its twisted
toes, points pressed out of shape and
heels hoisted high in the air. It is un
doubtedly true, as has been often assert
ed, that hiph heels are the cause of many
of the diseases that make chronic Invar
liils of women. It stands to reason that
anything which throws the body out of
its natural position and pushes the feet
forward upon the toes must strain the
back and have an 111 effect upon the gen
eral health.
Shoes that are too loose rub the foot
and induce corns as often as those which
arc too tight.
Pointed toes are an abomination and are
certain to produce corns and enlarged toe
joints.
. The sensible shoe for a woman Is the
one that is long enough and broad enough
to admit of her throwing the ful weight
of the body upon the ball of the foot
without a feeling of uncomfortable press
ure anywhere. The heel should be low
and broad, the sole thick and the instep
and ankle firmly held, so that there is no
slipping around of the foot.
Above all things, never wear a lop-sided
shoe, or one that is run down at the
heel, or a shabby shoe. A trimly fitting,
fresh looking boot is one of the little
necessities of the feminine toilet that
goes a long way in the general make-up.
And, remember, there is nothing that
will BO Quickly produce a care-worn ex
pression and those distressing lines which
pain Invariably stamps upon the human
countenance, as a shoe that hurts.
The feet should always be kept warm,
particularly at night. If corns come and
it is not possible to secure the services
of a skilled chiropodist, the following
recipe will be found helpful:
FOR CORNS.
Eorate of sodium 1 drachm
Extract of cannibis 1 scruple
Collodion 1 or.
Apply daily until growth can easily be
scraped away.
MMB. HYGEIA.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
MISS JENNY D.— The coarse hairs can
be removed permanently only by the use
of the electric needle. And even this is
not always successful; for if the base of
the follicle Is not reached by the needle,
the hair will sprout again and another op
eration will be necessary. You were wises
not to experiment with any of the adver
tised stu'Ts. Depilatory powders are usu
ally worthless, as they -merely burn the
hair off to the surface of the skin, and
it will certainly return.
CONSTANT READER.— AppIy witch
hazel to the red nose; alsb soak the hands
and feet in hot water. If the skin is
shiny rub a little rosewator on and then
apply a pure powder. The rosewater
makes the powder stick and keeps it
from showing. Do not use soap on the
face, and for the pimples wash the face
in water In which there is a dash of ben
zoin. Apply witchhazel every other night
and cold cream in between times. Facial
eruptions usually denote a disordered di
gestion and require something more than
local treatment.
CALL SUBSCRIBER - Nevada City.
Yes, the preparation you refer to can be
analyzed. Any competent chemist can do
this for you, and the cost will be' about
$25. I am quite sure the preparation con
tains corrosive sublimate, which is in
itself a deadly poison.
BLOSSOM.— Lemon juice Is the simplest |
and safest thing to use on the face for the I
removal of freckles. Dilute it with rose
water, and be careful when going out to I
protect the face against wind and sun by
wearing a chiffon veil. Do not cross any j
bridges until you come to them. As long I
as the eyebrows are of the proper thick- j
ness now I should not worry as to what j
THE NEW ENGLAND TRAVELING SKIRT.
they may be next year or fifty years from
now. Cod liver oil is good to fatten up
on, but it is not a pleasant dose, and is too
heavy for some stomachs. Massaging the
neck with a good skin food will fatten it.
It is next to impossible to get rid of the
fuzz on the arms, so I should just forget
that it la there.
MOL.LIE HAWN.-Tii fatten the bands,
take equal parts of cocoa butter, oil of
I almonds and refined white wax.
Melt and stir until cold. Rub well into the
hands at night. White spots can usually
be removed from the nails by a paste
made of refined pitch and myrrh mixed
together. Apply the paste at night and
in the morning rub off with olive oil.
LOTTA— Almonds are very soothing to
the skin, and the meal made from them
is said to soften and whiten it. The meal
can be used in place of soap, or you can
make a paste of It by moistening with
water. If used as a paste apply at night
and cover with soft linen or gloves.
BIRDIE Y. Z.— Loose clothing, exercise
with the arms, plenty of tepid baths and
a diet of good fattening foods, such as
rice, butter, potatoes, cereals, eggs, milk
and game are necessary to acquire devel
opment of the bust. First of all, then,
discard all pads and be sure that the un
dergarments do not confine at all. Then
massage gently with cocoanut oil. It will
take at least tight weeks of constant
massage before any development will be
noticeable, but it will surely come if per
sisted in. Exercise with dumbbvlls or In
dian clubs will help. For the hollows in
the neck and shoulders also massage
every night with the oil and go through
the following exercises night and morn
ing: Throw th(- head backward and for
ward twenty times, not rapidly nor vio
lently, just easily, but as far back and
aa far front as it will go. Then in the
same way from side to side twenty times.
After this twist the head around in its
socket as far as it will go, first one Way
and then the other, twenty times. If you
twist it the same way ail the time you
will become dizzy and possibly nauseated.
CHARLOTTE M.-For the oily skin try
the following:
Dried rose leaves, 1 ounce.
White wine vinegar, % pint.
Rose water, V 4 pint.
Pour the vinegar ui»n the rose leaves
and let it stand for ;i week; then strain
and add the rose water, throwing the rose
leaves away.
The lotion may he used either pure by
dabbing the face with a cloth which has
been dampened with it nr by putting
about a tablespnonful into a cupful of
distilled water. This lotion must not Tie
used when soap has iust been applied,
because the acid of the vinegar will de
compose the soap and injury to the skin
will result.
KITTY M.— Charlotte M. also asked f«r
rocipe for oily skin. Read what I have
said to her. Never use soap upon an oily
skin. Here is the recipe for a most ex
cellent cold cream:
Pure white wax % ounce
Spermaciti 1H ounce
Sweet almond oil V 4 ounce
Rose water % ounce
Thls will make enough cream to fill a
four-ounce jar. Insist upon your drup
pist using the exact proportions called
fur. It is rather expensive and can be
made at home very much cheaper. Ap
plying a tiny bit of cold cream to the
face before powdering is excellent. It
keeps the powder from showing, prevents
it getting into the pores, and gives the
skin that smooth velvety appearance
which is so sought after.
C. B. McC.—lt is difficult to say just
what is the cause of superfluous hair. It
is natural to some, and will grow, no
matter what efforts they make to arrest
its growth. With others it is superin
duced by the use of cold creams and
ur.gents containing inferior materials.
Many of the cold creams nought in the
shops are made upon a basis of lard,
which will often bring- forth a fine crop
of whiskers. Some times the extreme
growth <>f hair where it should not be
is the result of morbid constitution; some
times it is a feak of nature, and very fre-
I quently it comes from high living—in
■ dulging in rich, greasy foods, or it is
I inherited from those whose blood was
i made of too rich materials. So you see,
! it would be rather difficult to remove the
I cause. It certainly is annoying, but,
'. really, unless the fuzz is something aw
j ful, not one person in twenty will ever
| notice it, for no one looks at us in so
: strong a light or with the same search
i Ing eyes as we do ourselves.
"Why is it." asked the philosopher,
"that misfortunes ''..'Ver com. singly?"
"Can't say." replied the other man.
"unless it is that on account of the re
ception they get they're afraid to travel
alone."
Noel Little— Smallman doesn't seem to
amount to much, does he?
Bryton Early— No; he's of no more con
sequence than a thermometer on a pleas
ant day. — Puck.
If your hat blows off in the street, fol
low it placidly and with gentle dignity.
Somebody else will chase it for you.—
Tid Bits.
2728
THE OTHERS HELD H'M DOWN AND BRANDED HIM WITH A HOT IRON,
lustration in "The Head of the Family." by Alphonse Daudet, published by G. P. Putnam's Sons.
WHATEVER may be said
I
>thi r work, his last
i Oon '■ rhe Head of the
Faml • ■ Inly entitles him
to a place in the front rank of
great writers. It is true iher<- are some
ho will say that he has long held ■ uch a
position,, but there are also others just as
capal of, Iglng who "beg to differ."
At ; ■ Daudet's death last De
cember "The Head of the Family" was in
the hands of the French publishers. Its
appearance in February created quite a
stir :n Paris, and tin- book soon went
through :. tons. Notwithstand
ing this encouragement, it Is only recently
that a translation in ESngllsh by I,evln
Carnac has appeared. The book has just
d the Pacific O
The volume was published In Paris
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF Till: EASTERN STAR.
Gate Chapter last Thursday
night hud two candidates for initiation, i
After the ceremony th< re was a. very fine I
Ltufe of the table dressing
was a Jap ipkin on each plate
folded In the Bhape of a dainty slipper.
Oak Leaf Chapter will have six candi
dates fur initiation at the next meeting. \
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
After the Installation Monday. July 11,
of the following officers. A. McPherson,
P. I.; Joseph Baker, D.; J. E. Erk-kson, !
V. !>.; L. J. Marks. A. D. ; R. 11. Noble,
R. ; C. '!. Noble, F. R. : A. J. Fairweather, i
T.: J. O. Brown, C, and W. Wallace. S.,
Y/erba Buena had a banquet at which i
there were present the grand dictator.
grand vice dictator, grand recorder and i
Deputy Frank Lawrence. Walter S.
ist master, and he
■ for responses to a number of
toasts.
Liberty Lodge installed a splendid corps
of new officers on July 11, Deputy
Summers being the installing officer, as
by C. F. furry as G. G. and P. L.
Archibald as i. G. D. Supreme Repre-
Ive Curry addressed the meeting
on the legislation of the recent session of
ipreme Loi
Deputy Lawrence on July 12 in
stalled the office rs of Norman Lodge and
the work "f the evening the mem
bership enjoyed a fine supper in a neigh-
The officers of Occidental Lodge were
Installed by B. E. George, D. D. The
pun;*- nig * Center Lodge Initiated two
candidates. On the fame night there was
■ il meeting of Eagle Lodge to wit
ness a "raising. C. M. Cartan being elect
ed ami installed as treasurer, vice the late
Dr. Emll Rosendorn. Grand Assistant
tor Learned and other grand officers
were present.
Supreme Dictator J. Warrant Goheen,
•who was re-elected, has Issued a circular
advising the membership of the changes
in the laws, not numerous, but very im
portant.
The following officers of Fortuna Lodge
AT THE FORTUNE TELLER'S.
Portui e-teller — You -will be very poor until you are 35 years of age.
Our Impecunious Poet (eagerly)— And after then?
Fortune- teller— Then you will get used to it.
under the title of "Le Soutien de Famille."
The E ■ 'I-- trans
lation the title of "&<.: Bread-Winner."
The American title is^'The Head of the
Family," which is certainly the happiest
• - : eful of the three. The
ish title is particularly inapropos, for
reason that the principal character,
to whom the title applies, is not a "bread
winner," as the story rr\<
After reading the book from beginning
; to end, the Impression is that no better
title than "The Head of the Family"
could be given i" it.
Briefly, the story tells of the life of a
boy, who. by the death of his father, finds
himself at the head of the family and
with a mother, brother and sister to be re
sponsible for.
ght as this motif may seem, it • has
given Daudet the material for a work
that many readers will declare to be his
were installed last week: D. Doody. P.
D. ; P. H. Haverlln, D. ; T. SJmpkins. V.
D. ; J. H. Sampson, V. D.; C. A. Gar
thorne. F. S. ; A. Devoto. R.; J. Cronin,
T. ; T. Young. C. ; F. Llmpach, G. ; J. Pro
vensal, guardian; T. Robinett, S. ; L.
Buckley, A. Devoto and S. H. Davis,
trustees.
The following are the officers of Leland
Stanford Lodge installed for the current
term: E. P. Thyes, D. ; R. Q. Sands, V.
D.; Dr. L. Gross, V. D.: J. J. Beran, R.;
A. Strohmelr. F. R. ; A. Morris. T. ; O.
Schoenwald. C.; M. Schlegelmilch, G.; N.
E. 3#end. guardian: G. L. Keller, S. ; N.
E. Mead, O. Schoenwald and G. L. Keller,
trustees.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The union committee, composed of del
egates from all the local lodges, is mak
ing arrangements to give an entertain
ment to aid the Red Cross Society.
Installations will be in order at the last
meeting of the lodges in the current
month.
Y'-rba Buena Lodge of San Jose gave
a very enjoyable party recently in Y. M.
I. Hall. Grand Protector Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock delivered a Brtrrlng address an<l
there was a very enjoyable programme, a
dag ilrill and dancing.
There will be one assessment for Au
gust, No. 4TS.
The officers of West End Lodge will be
installed on the evening of the 2d of Au
gust.
Past Grand Protoctor E. H. Bourgin
gon of San Jose was In this city last
week.
Aurora Lodge has had tho following of
ficers Installed by Addle Garcier, D. D :
Lizzie J. Wheelock, P. P.; W. C. Hearn
P.; Annie Phoniaon, V. P.; Lillie B. Hol
comb, R. S.; Lizzie A. Rapp. F. S. ; Dr.
A. S. Cook. T. ; Josephine Kennedy, C. ;
Francis Williams. G. ; Sarah Davidson,
G.; Beil Lee, S. ; Fanny Igo, organist.
The Indications In this order are that
within a short time there will be a re
markable Increase, as the grand officers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
I masterpiece. The narrative and the style
ilch it is handled serve to give fresh
1:' thi author's genius. It
; abounds In dramatic situations and is full
of human Interest Besides this, it de
one of the most perfect pictures of
French family life that has
from an author! a pen. It shows that
liner feeling of the '"people's" lives and
tht j ni'. re delicate' aspects ■ C the
inner family circle than the outside world
generally Bees. At the same time, the
)»Hik Is as full of beautiful languag<
grand conception as many of the author's
works that are much less pure and much
less true to life.
It is hard for an American to realize
what it means to be at the head of an
lißhed family in France, and in
Paris particularly. H<; must decide every
question in regard to the movements of
j the others and be reaponslbdle for their
i success or failure. Even the mother bows
in deference to the wisdom of the head
j of the family and never dreams of dis
are very active and have inaugurated a
boom campaign.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Social Council had two initiations re
cently, one of which was for Golden Gate
Council.
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Re
corder Wallis installed the officers
nf Sacramento Council, and in the
work they were assisted by Past Coun
cilor Denton. Supreme Representative 1\
H. Keift-r was present. After the cere
mony there was a tine banquet and many
interesting speeches.
The uthcers of Golden Gate Council
were recently installed in public, in the
presence of a large number of people, by
Grand Recorder Wallis, assisted by \V. F.
Gibson as grand marshal and a full corps
of grand officers. Of these there were
present: C. M. Arnold. I', ri. < '.; A. B.
Sanborn, P. G. C: -Miss Clara McDonald,
G. T. ; Mrs. C. J. Sweeny, G. P.: Thomas
O'Brien. P. G. C: and F. A. Taylor. 1 >. 1 >.
After the installation there was presented
a fine programme, that included an ad
dress by State Senator B. I. Wolfe, vocal
and instrumental music by Miss Lulu Mc-
Cormick, Miss Kuss and Mrs. Beers, solo
by Professor Ku.hh. recitations by Miss
Porter and Miss Fanny Buckland, darky
specialties by Addle Ring, accompanied
by Miss L. Dunn; Tyrolean dance by
Misses Ribble. Kirby and Butler and Mas
ter Mangels, and a cake walk in costume
by Miss Garbarino and Master Behrens.
Then followed a dance and ice cream and
cakes.
On the evening of the 14th inst Social
Council had an at home at which th<Te
was a good attendance and a very pleas
ant evening was spent. Miss Margaret
Bowers favored with a piano solo, as did
Miss Ida Dunne. Misses F. Thomas and
Lulu McCormick entertained with vocal
selections; Miss Frances Buckland gave
a recitation and Mlsi Lola Underwood
gave an exhibition of fancy dancing. The
programme was followed by dancing and
it was midnight before the party broke
up. This council will not have a progres
sive euchre party this month.
At the installation of the officers of
Unity Council in Oakland by Grand Re
corder Wallis there was a large attend
ance and Grand Councilor Boehm deliv
ered an address. There were present rep
resentatives from Berkeley and Oak
Leaf Councils.
On Thursday evening there was a large
attendance in the Social Hall, Alcazar
building, at the meeting of the Progres
sive Council, held under the auspices of
Sunset Council. A. G. Baker acted as
master of ceremonies and there was pre
sented a fine interesting and instructive
programme.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The officers of Loreiy Circle have been
installed by Deputy Mrs. H. Worms as fol
lows: Mra. M. Pape, C. C. ; Mrs. A. Lippi,
S. C. C; Mrs. A. Graff, R. and F. S.; Mrs.
H. Schuck, T.; Mrs. M. Munck, R. G.;
Mrs. A. Schurbohl, L. G.; Mrs. J. Ebner,
I. and O. G. After the ceremony, in which
the deputy was assisted by the modest
member of Inter Nob. there was the pre
sentation of a very pretty bonbonaire to
the deputy and the serving of refresh
ments.
Deputy Tom Blake ,asaljt3>d by Mrs. E.
W. . Haughey, G. T., installed the new
officers of Diana Circle July 13, who
are the following: Miss Adel Bigulin. P.
C. C; Miss Rose T. Schautz, C. C.: Mrs.
D. Peterson, S. C. C. ; Mrs. M. Degan, R.
S. ; Miss E. Rappin, F. S.; Mrs. A. C.
Smith, T. ; Miss F. Bender. R. G.; Mrs. S.
Ayers, L. G • Mrs. B. Bertola, I. G., and
Mrs. Sarah Rand, O. G. The ceremony
was followed by a programme, in which
Rudolph Steiger, Walter Simpson and
Coye Erskine took part, and that was fol
lowed by dancing and the serving of a
collation and coffee.
Inter Nos Circle at its meeting on
July 13 decided to give a picnic on
the last Sunday in August. Tho circle
Will have candidates to initiate next Wed
nesday.
The following additional deputies have
been appointed hy Grand Chief Compan
ion Coburn: Mrs. E. A. Carah for Bay
Circle, John J. Cordy for Robin Hood,
E. H. Chamberlain for Mizpah Mrs
Annie Strlef for Tuba. H. D. Stephenson
for Stockton, A. W. Horwege for Ameri
can. Mrs. Kate A. Haughy for Pride of
the Forest, Miss Augusta Rogge for Pajaro
Valley Rose, Mrs. C. Goldman for San
Francisco, Mrs. M. Zimmerman for Fi
delity, A. P. Sherer for Mother Lode. Mrs.
M. A. Ward for Washington-Lafayette
and F. de Julio for Ferrucio Circle "Miss
Libby Langman of Freedom Circle has
been appointed deputy at large.
At the installation of the officers of Bay
City Circle the chief companion. Mrs. H
Worms, was presented with a beautiful
breastpin in token of the members' ap
NEW BOOKS ON THE TABLE.
putlng his Judgment, no matter how Im
mature she may think it. Nothing is done
without hlB consent, and his order or
wishes, ns the case may be, are generally
observed to the letter; ana Bhould they
happen to result disastrously no com
plaint is made to him by those in hia
charge. But what the relative!* frii
and neighbors say is qutte another mat
ter. They are not sparing, either In their
nraise or their condemnation. And woe
0.-tide the head of the family who comes
in for the latter, no matter how litue he
may be to blame.
The complications arising out of such
a system with the great variety ol breneii
character and the most picturesque bapK
ground In the world have given Daudet
all that he could ask. 'And he has ma le
the most of It. He has give.i us glimpses
Into the grand saions uf the great nua
shown us the lowly homes of the poor.
And "all without exaggeration or striving
• , effect. Taken on the whole, though.
the book is a trifli sad. Tnat Is, -here is
more shadow than sunshine. But then
the Burshine is so bright it seems like a
gleam from Paradise and the shadows are
not so awful dark. Daudet na.s reaii\
held up for us the mirror or. which he.
-aw the reflection of life-
All through the book Daudet has deline
ated the must perfect pictures In all tneir
true colors. He has even put the senti
ment Into them. In the beginning he telU
how Victor Eudallne. a man;: in.
tottering on the verge, of rum. comes p
tl ■ direct! rs of a i ertain school to ask
for a continuation of his credit in order
thul his two sons may continue their
studies. He na<h< c thi lov r office, but
the directiors are busy and he must wait.
With a few touches Daudei describes tnis
!,lv. Without saying ao In so
words he tells all there is to tell
even to the hour of the da/. How plain
it all is before us when we read: for
over an hour be had been sitting oi a
comfortless box s^t in the long, narrow
ante-chamber of the Ly Charl< ma
with Its floors of dull, worn bricks, and
walls almos- hidden by great geological
- The late spring day was drawing
to a close, and out through the wli ■
b Id see the long linos of gaslights
on the different floors rising round the
gloomy courtyard, which had for him
more than one splendid memory.
As it turns out in the story, even after
Victor Eudeline did soe the directors tney
did not grant his wish. His financial con
oution was beginning to be understood.
No more credit was the verdict. Dne old
man then turned home almost broken
hearted and on his arrival there received
a Bummons to api ertain
court to give an accounting for Q certain
transaction. This ne knew meant ruin
for himself and disgr tee Cor his sons
daughter, as heau of the family tins was
more than h>- could bear, so after writing
letters to certain old friends tellln" <■■ m
of his Intention he calmly walked out ana
commiiNd suicide In a canal. His wife
had accompanied hian when he first left
his home, but he toW her what he wa
iiiK to do and ordered her to go Lack to
the children. She obeyed. He di
himself. "And l went home just because
he told me to." : !> ex
planation to friends who had asked her
why she allowed him to comnu.. the terrl-
This tragic death of his parent makes
the oldest son, Raymond, the head of the
family. The poor boy is only 15, and al
though he fully appreciate* his POslUon
he takes up his duUes cheerfully.^ The
father's death, by a queer combination of
circumstances, puts the family in a bet
ter position financially than they w. re
before, and also gains the friendship of
cci tain influential people.
Raymond goes back to scnool, but hia
responsil.iliti.-s press upon him. He is
looked upon as a man and pointed to en
viously as the "head of a family. He
wishes to study, but cannot. Formerly
be was the head of the class; now he can
not ke-p up with his studies. He drops
behind. Problems of all kinds confront
him. and he is expected to have the Judg
ment of a man of mature years. He loses
p he breaks down in health and
worry and care weaken his nature. Be
ing the head of the family is too much
for him but he does his best, and before
he has reached his eighteenth year has
passed through more trying ordeals than
nreclatlon of the good work she has done |
for the circle. , .
Last Wednesday night the first of the
series of entertainments to be given once
a month by the unmarried ladies of Robin
Hood Circle was given in the presence of
the membership and the membership of
Inter Nos Circle, which attended in a j
body. The entertainment consisted of a
farce entitled "A Kiss In the Dark." pre
sented by Misses Emma and Lou Laede
rick, Alice Ticoulet. Annie Schoen and
Annie Gudheus. the male characters being j
assumed by Misses Ticoulet and Schoen.
It was a pleasing affair, and the young
ladles, for amateurs, did quite well. The
farce was followed by the serving of re
freshments.
Inter Nos Circle is making arrange
ments for its annual picnic and for the
anniversary ball which will follow. That
will be given on the last Thursday in
September.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
High Chief Ranger J. Samuels has ap- |
pointed the following deputies for the j
courts of San Francisco: For Robin Hood, I
Herman Kohn; Aurora, Isador Beban; |
America, George Beban; California, J. R.
Angoleti; Golden state, F. R. Severence;
San Francisco. George Gardner; Bay City,
.M. Levy: Euclein, J. Sparrow; Eclipse,
H. \v. Saunders; Hubertus, A. Fuhnnanji;
Justice, T. L. Holden; Inter Nos, Sol
Peiser; Golden West, J. Caiman; Zenith,
B. w. Haughey; Golden State. 11. M.
Waiienstein; Defiance, E. S. Hardinrr;
Stanford, J. It. Fleming: Magnolia. J. G.
Chase Jr.; Western Addition, M. J. Ma
guire; Golden ESasrle, C. Greenlaw; Golden |
Era. L. N. Houkofsky; Washington, G. W.
Bayreuther; Presidio, F. de Julio; May
flower, J. S. Hyland; Yerba Buena, M. E.
Licht; Bonita, J. E. O'Brien; Seal Hock.
11. L. Simon; Palo Alto, D. Cohan; Co
lumbia, W. Reid; Lincoln, J. O. Kasser;
Hayes Valley, Thomas F. Moran: Live
Oak. R. Kassmusaen; Farallone, H. Na
than; Barbarossa, Otto Guy; Richmond,
J. Kallman; Independence, S. Shaben;
Sutro Heights, P. J. Gray.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Great Sachem F. A. Whipple, In com
pany with C. F. Burgman, G. C. of R.,
and W. G. Smith. G. K. of W., paid a fra
ternal visit recently to the wigwam of
Seminole Tribe. On the following even
ing these officials. In company with Dep
uty Sachem Cole, paid a visit to Manzan-
Ita Tribe and were present at the rais
ing up of the chiefs who are to serve for
the current term.
The reports for the term, which are be
ing received, show a very satisfactory
condition as to membership and finance.
Those tribes that took advantage of the
dispensation allowing suspended members
to return under certain conditions have
added quite a number to the membership.
In many instances the suspensions were
for non-payment of dues through inabil
ity to do so. The returns will show an
increase of nearly three hundred mem
bers. The greatest gains have been by
Osceola— 3s (hiring the term and 57 during
the year. Montezuma gained 2s, Poca
hontas 24, Cocopah IS, Iroriuois 16. Other
tribes show gains, but none so large.
RED MEN'S ITALL.
President Davis Louderbackof the Rod
Men's Hall Association of the I. O. R.
at the annual meeting presented his re
port, which shows that the receipts for
the year amounted to $7575, or an average
of $631 a month. The disbursements, ex
clusive of furnishing and making exten
sive alterations on the upper floor, were
$6087, an average of $528 50 a month. The
alterations cost $2020 and the furnishing
$342 G.
THE DRUIPESSES.
El Dorado Circle, U. A. O. D., at its
last held meeting, received live proposi
tions for membership. The candidates
will be initiated at the next meeting. At
the meeting named District Deputy John
Hntton of Boadicen circle was a visitor,
and he was given the honor of initiating
a candidate for the sitting drcle.
The recent picnic of El Dorado Circle at
Plttsville was well attended and was a
decided success.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The next lecture to be delivered in this
city will be by the Very Rev. J. J. Hogan,
D.D., before Ignatian Council, and will be
on "Personal Reminiscences of the Siege
of Paris and the Commune."
Grand First Vice President George D.
Pyne of Virginia City. Nev.. is second
lieutenant of Company B, Nevada Volun
teers.
Th» pmpramme has been aranfeed for
the sesion of the Grand Council outside
most men do In a lifetime. ,
At this period the flrst bright ray or ;
light comes inlo the poor boy's life, it is
a very bright ray. and he feelß that he is
In paradise. H-r name is Genevleve. The
love story is brought out In Daudet B
Inimitable manner. It is psycholog
ical, natural, tender and fierce. All the
heights and depths of passion are ae
d in the most beautiful language.
The complications into which many
members of the family get all have a
bearing on the head of the house. The
younger brother, for reasons of nis own,
and a certain young lady's, has dealing
with a party of Nihilists. This portion of
the story, which has a direct neanng on
the principal character, is most dramatic
In conception and full of the most start
ling situations. One of these situations is
the branding of a Russian spy. It seems
after reading it as though words could
no; have been found to describe the scene.
The ending of this remarKable story is
not at all what one might exnect. But
it is satisfactory. It could come out no
other way because it is tne natural
course of events. Certain events are
bound to happen in nature, and so they
were bound to happen in Daudet s story,
-The 11- -Ml of the Family. ''• '■ Put
nam's Sons, publishers. For sale by Vt 11
liam Doxey. Price $1 50.
BOOK NOTES.
WITH DEWEY AT MANILA.
"With Dewey at Manila." Edited by Thomas
.T. Vlb'.en, being the plain story of the glor
ious victory of the United States squadron
over the Spanlßh Beet Sunday morning. May 1.
1593, as re!ate<J In the notes and correspondence
of an officer on board the flagship Olympla.
Hrvugliton, . Mlfflln & Co., publishers, Boston.
Price 35 cents.
The directors of the Old South Work. Bos
ton, have Just added to their Interesting series
of the Old South leaflets two new numbers
dealing with Indian history. The series al
ready Includes three leaflets In this field of
our ' history— first part of John Eliot's
•■lndian Grammar," Eliot's "Brief Narrative
of the Progress of the Gospel Among the In
diana," written in 1670, and Wheelock's "Nar
rative of the Design and Progress of the In
dian school in Lebanon, Conn.," (the school
which was finally merged into Dartmouth Col
lego) The two new leaflets, numbered respect
ively S7 and 88, comprise "The Manners and
Customs of the Indians." by Thomas Morton,
being an extract from his "New English Ca
naan," 1637, and "The Hoclnning of King
Philip's War," by William Hubbard, Minister
of Ipswich, taken from his "Narrative of tha
Troubles With the Indians of New England,
which was published in 1677, just at the close
of the war, and is regarded as the best of the
three or four contemporary histories. PotlP otl
leaflets are equipped with full bibliographical
notes. Price S cents.
A\'ith flvp German warships faring Admiral
Dewey*s fleet nt Manila and the intentions of
the Herman Kaiser still a matter of some
doubt the leading article presented in the
Cosmopolitan for July will be read with mi
. r-.-st. The f rty-six portraits and poses of
the Emperor William which illustrate the ar
ticle arc In themselves an extraordinary ex
hibit. They might .c described as "The Evo
lution of an Rmperor shown by forty-six hu
ninn documents."
A new bnok on the Philippine Islands is an
nounced by the Continental Publishing Co., 25
Park Place, New York. The author is Ramon
Reyes Lain, a native ot Manila. Advance sheets
show that it presents a fascinating descrip
tion of that remarkable country and its re
es, with an accurate and Interesting his
tory of the Spanish discovery and dominion, as
well as the recent American conquerors and
their occupation.
Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for August
to hand great ly changed in appearance,
but much the same style as it has been In the
past.
DEAD MEN'S TALKS.— By Charles Junor.
A collection of thrilling anecdotes, some *ald
to !.<■ true. Swan, Somienschein & Co., pub
lishers, London.
THE NATIONAL REVIEW.— The July num
ber of this meritorious English publication
fully equals its usual Btandard. This may be a
of the routine business: High mass at
the opening: a ball on the evening of the
first day; the entertainment of the dele
pates, with a music-nl and literary pro
gramme on the evening; of the third day
and a reunion and excursion on the fourth
Washington Council has removed to
gereral headquarters in ■ the Pioneer
' building and at the last held meeting had
the following officers installed: J. J. Dud
dy, P.; W. P. Cooper and J. J. Bernhard,
V. P's. ; V. A. Paris, M. ; J. M. McLaugh
lin, T.;.C. Cain, F. S.; A. J. Dickson. R.
S. ; J. F. Boland, C. S. ; H. Callaghan. T.
S.; H. Cuellp, O. W.; J. T. Callaghan, T.
Scary, P. A. Buckley, E. C, and Dr.
C. A. Glover, physician.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Resolutions of respect and condolence
from all the institutes in the jurisdiction
relative to the death of Miss Sophie A.
Grote. the grand president, have been re-
I ceived at headquarters.
The order has suffered the loss of two
! more members recently— Past President
Mary Kentzel of Institute No. 7 and Mrs.
C. Kamenski.
The i-ommitteee appointed by the board
of grand directors, consisting of Ella
Comyns, Kate Conklin and Nellie Win
ters." have presented a series of touching
resolutions to the memory of the late
President Miss Sophie A. Grote. These
have been artistically engrossed, and will
be forwarded to the family of the de
ceased.
Institute No. 1, through its committee —
Harriett M. Skklmore, Mary A. Gorman,
Elizabeth C. A. Terry, Genevleve Carroll
and Ella M. Crane— has also adopted reso
lutions of respect to the memory of Miss
Grote.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
The deputies nppointed by the high
chief ranger to attend to the several
courts in San Francisco have done their
work without pay and have been thus far
obliged to foot their own expenses. This
has been quite a heavy tax upon them,
and they have made an appeal to the
local courts for a small per capita con
tribution. Some have contributed the
amount asked for, but others have de
clined, not on account of the amount
asked for but on principle, namely, that
the deputies are working for the benefit
of the order and that their expenses
should be met by the Grand Court and
not by the individual courts.
A long time ago Deputy High Chief
Ranger Peery was voted a medal of merit
fur valuable services rendered in the dis
trict of California, and although many
months have passed since the award was
made the Supreme officers have withheld
it. presum%biy on the ground that the
jurisdiction of California at the last held
session of the Supreme Court did not
coincide with everything that the Su
preme body did. This order has been
growing 1 to such an extent of late In the
United States that it may at no distant
day amend that portion of the constitu
tion that provides that the supreme chief
ranger, supreme past chief ranger, su
preme secretary and supreme treasurer
must be residents of the Dominion of
Canada.
Court Golden Gate gave a vary pleasant
entertainment in Washington Hall last
Friday night.
THE NATIONAL, UNTON.
At the session of California Council last
Tuesday night, J. H. Maguire was ini
tiated and four applications were received.
During the evening the announcement
fas made of the death of J. J. Lerrl, a
member of the council, one of the offi
cers of Alameda County, who was killed
by the powder explosion at Melrose last
week. Under good and welfare there
were a number of addresses and some
story telling by members, and songs.
On the night of the Kith lnst. three can
didates were initiated for Pacific Council.
The same night the San Francisco Cabi
net paid an official visit to San Fran
cisco Council, and while the attendance
of members was not aw large as was ex
pected. Dr. MiHberry, the president, and
other officers did all in tl\tir power to
make the evening an agreeable and in
teresting one, and in that they suc
ceeded.
The order has been doing very well of
late. The slight graduation in the plan
of assessment has, without creating any
heavy burden on the members, enabled
the organization to reduce tne number of
assessments to five during the first six
months of the year and still have a sur
plus of $111,068.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter will at its meet-
Ing next Wednesday have four or more
candidates to initiate. At the previous
THE
HEAD OFTVjE FAMILY,
By Alphonse Daudet.
THE KING'S JACKAL.
fjy Richard Warding Davis.
WITH DEWEYfiT MANILA, *
Ey Thomas J. Vivien.
S
little "heavy" for some of us, but th.-r* is no
denying that the articles *r<> the ablest that
can be obtained. "American Affairs" is the
ThJE RING'S JACKAL.
By Richard Harding Davis.
Richard Harding Davis has just
"turned out" another book; but it is not
a masterpiece. Still, with all the work
that Mr. Davis has on hand these days,
"The King's Jackal" is as good or better
than might be expected. At any rate,
it is good reading for a summer day and
leaves a pleasing: impression.
With a beautiful American heiress for
his heroine and a newspaper correspond
ent for his hero and an old, exiled King
to give an air of mystery and add to the
romance, the whole set against a back
ground of the warm, rich light of Tan
gier, Mr. Davis certainly has all the ma
terial he requires. The story contains
some very good comedy scenes and char
acters possessed of a cosmopolitan clev
erness. Altogether the tale is quite dra
matic. \
In some ways "The King's Jackal" is
an obvious echo of Daudet's "Rois en
Exil." Not consciously so, any more than
Daudot's copy of the dolls' dressmaker
from Dickens in "Fromont Jeune" was
conscious. But the resemblance exists.
The present King of Mesina is a pale
copy of Christian d'lllyrie, who was him
self (or was not) studied from the King
of Naples. Daudet says his own King and
Queen were a royal couple of pure Inven
tion, only he had lodged them as the King
and Queen of Naples were lodged, and
their "entourage" was more or less the
same.
The Duke of Brunswick, the King of
Hanover, "Citron the Silent," at Bignoh's
on a sofa in the back room, eating a slice
of foie gras in company with a "fllle de
carrefour." Such- were some of the royal
ties who passed before Daudet's eyes at
one time or another. He admits that
Christian had at least some points of re
■
HE SWUNG THE CROWN PRINCE HIGH UP ON HIS SHOULDER
From an illustration In "The King's Jackal," by Richard Harding Davis,
published by Charles Scribner's Sons.
meeting two members were initiated and
several sick and accident claims ap
proved.
Supreme Deputy McGarvie has gone to
Watsonville to pay the sum due the bene
ficiaries of the late J. H. Grove, who had
been a member of the order but five
months. The amount was ready to de
liver two weeks after proof of death was
filed.
Past Governor M. S. Finebers has gone
to New York City.
New chapters of the order are being
organized in Santa Rosa and Oakland,
and the foundation for others laid in
other places.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The officers of Lassen View Parlor were
installed on the Bth inst. by Miss Lena
F. Blumb, D. D. G. P., assisted by Mrs
Bina Kesler as P. G. P. and Miss Edith
Craddock as G. M., In the parlor's hall '■
in Shasta. The officers are Miss Ethel
Carter, P. P.; Mis?* Edna Craddock, P.;
Miss Pauline Leschlnsky, Miss Anna
Lewin and Mrs. Leivsay. V. I'.'s; Mrs.
Addle Davis. M.: Miss Martha Blnir. R.
S. ; Mrs. M. Sutherland. F. S.: Mrs. ...ary
Hocking. T.; Miss Clara Blumb, I. S.:
Mrs. Nettle Wenning. O. S. ; Mrs. LOlie
Davis, Mrs. Rena Litsch and Miss Blma
Allro, trustees. Afu-r the Installation
there was a pleasant social hour and ice
cream.
The officers of Camellia Parlor were in
stalled last Friday at Anderson.
Last Thursday night Shasta Hall in
the N. B. building was crowded to its
extreme capacity by the firm friends of
Buena Vista Parlor, who assembled to
witness the installation of the officers for
the current term, the work being by Mrs.
Genevieve Baker, D. D. G. P.. assisted by
Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan, acting as past
grand president. The work Mas pt!r
formed with that exactness and dramatic
style which has won a reputation for the
Installing officer, while the work of the
past grand president was in an impres
sive manner that has seldom been
equaled. The hall in which the cere
mony was conducted was decorated with :
evergreens and patriotic emblems, anil i
tho effect was heightened by a display of |
rose-colored lights. The new officers are:
Misa A. Worth, P.; Mrs. F. G. Wehe, '
Mollie T. Long and Mrs. J. Neubarth. V.
P.'s; Amy Benning. M.; Mamie Wells, F. I
S. ; Mrs. H. M. Green, K. S. ; Mrs. E.
Sheeline, T.; Emma Benning. I. 8.; Mrs.
Parker, O. W. Miss Rhea Murray, the
retiring president, was presented a beau- j
tiful watch and chain from the parlor, ;
Mrs. M. A. Sheehan presented the parlor '
title of an article by A. Maurice Low that it
most apropos at the present time.
MR. EAGLE'S, U. S. A.— By John Livingston
Wright and Mrs. Abbte Scates Ames. An T f, ( :"
count of a bUKgy ride of 1.400 miles from Illi
nois to Boston, <Y.ntains eeveral unique fea
tures and some good word pic-tures of rural life
in the Eastern States. Published by Truman
Joseph Spencer, Hartford, Conn.
THE REPORT <~>F THE TENTH TEAR OF
THE JEWISH PUBLICATION SOCIETY OF
AMERICA.— A valuable book to nil Hebrews.
Published at 1915 Arch street. Philadelphia.
"The Cure of Writers' Cramp." by S. H.
Morrell, M. D. J. B. Tattava.ll, publisher, New
l'oik. Price JO cents.
"Pitman's Practical French Grammar," an
entirely new and interestins method of learning
French. Isaac Pitman & Sons, New York.
Price 60 cents.
The Pall Mnll Magazine for Autrust Is al
ready to band and is fully up to its usual
ird. It contains a number of articles
about the present war. all from pens of fa
mous nien capable of pointing out many aspects
parent to one who has not made a. study
of warfare or diplomacy.
| semblance with the Due de Madrid.
Mr. I 'avis' King of Messina certainly
i has more than one with the King of Na
ples and with Prince Milan of Servia.
These resemblances are of little moment
: that he chooses— l suppose like a
good republican— to paint his decayed and
fallen monarch without one redeeming
' trait. A redeeming trait would have mad*
! him more interesting. But the point is
that Mr. Davis has so saturated his mind
with Daudet's book that his own cannot
but remind us of the "Rois en Exil."
The difference between "would" and
"should" perplexes Mr. Davis, as it does
some other writers; or perhaps it is only
carelessness. He says, or he makes Prince
Kaloney say to Miss Carson: "I have
been more madly happy In just knowing
; that you live than I 'would' have been
1 had any other woman in all the world
! thrown herself into my arms." A prince
I in love, Mr. Davis might reply, is entitled
j to take liberties with the English lan
i guage. But that excuse will not serve
I him when he says: "It was his nature
• • * to at once become a partisan"— a
very striking example of the split infini
, tive. Nor is it quite clear what Mr. Davis
means by a "momentous silence." nor
does it become clearer he-cause the silence
is also grim. Probably these lapses are
j due to haste, and, in a way. to the pub-
Just what Mr. Davis wished to bring out
lin his story is not quite clear. It might be
; any one of two or three things. If he mi
i tended to produce a strong story like
I "Soldiers of Fortune," and in spots It ap
j pears as if he did so intend, he has made
a failure. If he simply intended to pro
duce pleasant reading for an idle hour h«
has succeeeded admirably.
The book is superbly illustrated by C. D.
! Gibson. _ , .
Published by Scribner's. For sale by
j William Doxey; price $125.
a silk American flap. Mrs. Baker, the In
stalling officer, was presented a fine
bunch of roses, to which was attached a
Knld souvenir spoon, and then Frank,
Worth, who drilled the drill corps of tho
parlor, was presented a framed picture of
the corps in recognition of his services.
This was followed by a short programme
and danclner.
On the evening of the 15th inst. the
members of Sans Soucl Parlor were treat
ed to an agreeable surprise by Miss Mil
lie Kline, the third vice president. Un
known to the members Miss Kline had
provided an excellent banquet of home
made delicacies, and at the close of the"
meeting she invited all present to enjoy
the treat. The membership was delighted
with the hospitality of the hostess, and the
kindly fraternal spirit displayed. An en
joyable hour was pleasantly spent in the
discussion of the good things, and just
before adjournment all joined heartily
in giving three cheers and a tiger for the
third vice president. . This parlor is one
of the most sociable and enthusiastic in
the city, and by reason of that is making
splendid progress.
The officers of Las Lomas Parlor will be
installed to-morrow night by Mrs. Emma
Thlerbacb, D. D. .
Sans Soud Parlor has the honor of hav
ing had the first initiation under the new
ritual, but that was before the new work
had been printed. The ftrst under the
printed ritual was by Fremont Parlor
last Friday.
Last Wednesday there was a joint In
stallation of the officers of Ei Pajaro Par
lor of the Native Daughters and of Wat
sonville Parlor of the Native Sons at
Watsonville. It proved a very success
ful affair. There were present about fifty
Native Daughters and Sons 'rom Salinas
who came on a special train. Grand Vice
President Frank Mattison and other Na
tive Sons were present from Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Sarah Durkee. D. D. G P of "Ven
dome Parlor conducted the oeremonv for
the Daughters and George Radcliffe
of atFonville Parlor performed a
like service for the Sons. After the
beautiful ceremony there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall, where
all discussed one of the finest ban
quets ever served' in that city. At 1
o clock in the ■ morning the party sepa
pSroParfors^ three <**™' f or ?EI? EI
STATIONARY ENGINEERS.
H. K. Moulthrop, district deputy presi
dent of the National Association of Sta
tionary Engineers, and his wife were on
the evening of the lr.th inst. given a sur
prise by a large number of their friends
at the family residence. 3831 Twentieth
street, the occasion being the anniversary
of their marriage thirteen years ago. A
most enjoyable evening was spent.The
Theaters
THE admirers of grand o^era as it
was produced at the Ttvoll Bev
ernl years ago will h<*ir with
il great satisfaction that the old
time vigor and enterprise is to
be shown in the coming season,
beginning a week from to-morrow. The
management further conveys the welcome
information that iveral recognized art
ists have been engaged, and that we shall
be afforded the spice of variety in the
. matter of new faces and voices. This is
Bi it should be, and if the special stars
are what they are reported to be, we have
no doubt the result will convince the
Tivoli people that it pays to look over
the Eastern field occasionally and secure
variations of this kind. It matters little
how good the company, may be, the pub
lic will eventually lose interest and grow
weary of certain Voices and kinds of com
edy. The nianager who presents good at
tractions and avoids Inflictin* this ennui
on his patrons is the one who succeeds, as
the history of this old favorite house
proves. The public want the best that
can be had for the money, and if they
got it, crowded houses are the rule.
Theatergoers may now study the menu
card of the feast of amusement that is to
be Bet before them at the Baldwin, Co
lumbia and California for tho coming sea
son. Manager Gottlob, who has just re
turned from a long trip to the East, where
lie went to book attractions, says that he
succeeded in breaking the Frohman boy-
cott,- inaugurated against San Francisco
long ago, and that he has secured the
best things under the Frohman-Hayman
management. He further states that he
was compelled to offer "extraordinary in
ducements" to get Henry Miiler, William
Gillette and Maude Adams. That was to
he expected, but if thej maintain the
.standard of their reputations here there
will be very little risk in their engage
ment. The fact is conceded that a hi^h
cla.«s production will fill the Baldwin at
regular prices," and as San Franciscans
are" recognized as competent judges of ex
cellence the only question of success if
any there be, is as to the quant" of "me
art and plays to be presented. It is grat
ifying to saj that the list appears very
attractive and the advent of many of the
Productions will be awaited with gTeat in
terest. It is to be sincerely hoped that
the enterprise of the management will not
only be appreciated but handsomely re
warded. The bookings are as follows:
For the Haldwln— Henry Miller In "Hearts
ease," "A Marriage of Convenience" and "The
Master"; llaJame Mo<ljeska; Julia Marlowe'
International Grand Opera Company; wuilam
Gillette In "Secret Service": Hroa<lway Theater
Opera Company, presenting rhe Highway
man": Lyceum Theater in "The Sign of the
Cross"; The Bostonlans, presenting "Rob
Roy," "Toe Serenade." "Robin Hood" an( j
"Ulysses"; Willie Collier in "The Man From
Mexico"; Frank Daniels' •" Comic Opera Com
pany, presenting "The Wizard of the Nile"
nrvl the "Idol's Eye"'; Rice's "The Ralle*
Girl"; Charlea Coghlan; Viola Allen: James-
Kldder-Warde Company: Richard Mansfield-
Fanny Davenport; igustln Italy's ('■.mpanv :
Rosenthal; Sousa's "Thu Bride Elect"; reft
d'Anjsells' Opera Company; Nat Goodwin: John
It'-v. Soupa's Band: E. 11. Sothern; Mau<l»
Adams; 1 •■■ Wolf Hopper; "The Telephone
Girl": and Charles Dlckson I;; "Mistakes Will
Happen."
For the Columbia— "A Milk Whit* Flag'
"Under the Red Robe"; Professor Kellar: "My
Friend Pro! India"; E ■vine the Wind";
Matthews* Bulger in "By the Sad Sea Waves" •
William H. West's Minstrel Jubilee; "Gayest
Manhattan": "A Parlor Match" ; "Pudd'n-Head
Wilson"; "At Gay Coney Island"; Roland
Iteed: "A Contented Woman": "The Two Lit
tie Vagrants": [ay Irwln; "Hotel Topsy-Tur
r My"; "Way Down East": Ulaek Pattl Trou
hadours; "On the Wabash" ; "Blue Jeans":
Vale's taoular Productions: Primrose A
Dockstader's Minstrels; Gllmore's . Band; An
drew Mack; Hotter Orothers' Company: Han
lon's "Superba" : Clay Clement: Robert Man
tell; Chauncey Oloott; "El Capllan."
For the California— "The Prodigal Father":
"A Jay Circus": "Hogan's Alley": "Flnne-
Kan'.H r!.-il!" ; "The Commodore": Cleveland-
Wilson Minrtreis; "The Span of Life"; "North
ern Llchts": "A Boy Wanted"; Daniel Bully
In "Uncle Bob"; "The Girl I Left Behind
Me"; "On the Suawanoe Liver"; Kt-lly and
Miv.n: "Ter-inef^e's Partner": "When Lon
don Sleeps'*; May Howard Burlesque Compa
ny; "A Hired Girl"; "The Female Drummer";
"The Electric-Ian": "The Bt II Alarm"; Tfce
Ch*rry I»i<-k»rs" ; "McFadden's Flats": 'Coon
Hollow': Hopkins' Transoceanic^; "Chlmmle
r.-id'len." urifi "Shonandoah."
The Baldwin will re-open on Au*Ußt 22
and continue during the refrular season,
with priors ranging from $1 50 down. At
the California the season will begin in
October, and popular prices will prevail.
The Gclurr.b'a.
Manager T. Daniel Frawley announces
that during the remainder of his m
pany's season, of which there will be !
eight weeks, he will limit each presenta
tion to one week's time. Notwithstand
ing this fact, he has gone to very heavy
expense for the production of "A Gallant
Surrender" at the Columbia to-morrow
night. The play was written for Mr.
Frawley by Edward E. Kidder, well
known as the author of "A Poor Rela
tlon,* 1 which brought Sol Smith Russell
into prominence, as well as other works.
The new drama deals with incidents i
during the last few days of the Civil War. •
.There are about twenty speaking parts'
and Frawley has made some special en
gagements sq as to bring out all tliat is
beßt even in the smallest of roles. The
production. will call for the appearance of
nearly ninety people on the stage, and I
the rehearsals under the Iti ection of Fred i
wiiiiams are progressing splendidly, and :
give promise of a perfect production. The
scene of the play is laid. along the James J
River at the time that the Federals were
about to attack Richmond. The fi;
place at the nome of John Harnden,
a Virginia farmer, whose place has been
brought to a most dilapidated condition
by its nearness to the banks of the river
where the opposing ranks have had many
skirmishes. The piare presents a must
plctui ■ re we
are introduced to nearly all the charac
f the play, of whom probably Jess
Harnden. Caleb, Norman Ross, Captain
y Adams. Major Rolfe Welden,
Captain George Dinsmore and Cora I
. ure most In the telling of the story.
i,as for its pivotal point the
■ Norman Ross for the little Vir
ginia wildflowT. ".has," a girl "with the
• ire her," who is a.wo loved by
Weldon. During th* course of th<'
story we are given an opportunity to
her true devotion to Runs, and the
many hardships through which
• his life lend a most romantic
...it. < Jali b, an ex-chattel,
• >p utilised by the author to fur
nish ?'>me of the stronger scenes, and
also dots much in the working out of
th.' comedy element, of which a deal also
ant Hatch, the little sol-
Areong the very dramatic a
the effort of Jess to prevent. Weldon
from touching the electric button at
i to the torpedo, and the rally
around the dag. The mobilization of the
Federal fleet on the James River close*
'. act. There are in all three
pretty love stories told in the play.
• play to be produced "by the
Prawley Company will be the eorm-dy
as, "His Absent Boy," whi^h was
brought to this country by Nat C. Good
nd A. M. Palmer. This will be fol
_^ AMUSEMENTS.
>jjSs2ftiv San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
/y?''"^\ /V Los Angeles, Cal. , Estab. 1894
fM /2^>*3 jk. w3 Sacramento, Cal., Estab. 1807
Hf& -A ©£in %\ Kansas City, Mo M Estab. 1 897
"WALTER W& ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, JULY 25.
1 J$ *** NEW AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS ••• IyS
*_^?LJ^^L^L 1 1_ '" A S^^E«B BILLI •••••• i
" DIRECT FROM EUROPE,
THE SISTERS MAC ARTE !
fAORDINARr EXPONENTS OF EQUIPOISE-
Continued Success of the Versatile Author-Comedian,
MR. JOSEPH HART/
Assisted by CARRIE DE MAR in a New and Orijjinal Sketch Entitled
__. __._ "IDK.. CHAUNOEY'S VISIT/
THE FAMOUS SINGING TRIO, , '
-A-lETG-lEILiJV SISTERS'!
; j n Their Latest Eastern Sontr Successes.
Extraordinary Eneazement of the Sineinz Star,
\AIWi H \A/ iRI r\f\Ms i Assisted by the Famous
yif IVi m n. WtrJSLp\JtlfiS BLACKSTONE yUARTET.
Positive Appearance of the \AI f S 'TT'^'V Kf -- . >— . <r*» m W m n &*\ SLf B
Acrobatic Novelty ... Wl I O/V AN D SI ZICK /
( wu;A^.; > - r . l jli i , Qreat '- Tl 'P'e Horizontal Bar IJerformers '-~~^~«
The Talk of the City ... VAL/VIORE J The Unique Musical Marvel.
LORENZ <& ALLEN, j GILBERT GOLDIE,
Eccentric Dancers and Comedians. . , I - Character Comedians.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, July 24& 9mt 'c^lr^h^U y ß SSl^ tOc
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
lowed by a big costume production, "An
Enemy to the King."
Jhe Tivoli.
The last week of the Tivoli's comic
opera season will begin on Monday, July
Ith a brilliant revival of Mllloecker'a
■ .: • ! ieggar Student."
There will be Bpecial scenery, costumes,
etc., and a well-balanced cast. Including
I'hil Branson as Symon, the beggar
Bt; John J. Raffael as Jan, his com
panion; Edwin Btevens as General Ollen
dorf; \V. H. West aa Enterich, the jailer;
earn.- Roma as the haughty Coui
Laura; Elvia Crpx as h>-r ever-famished
onislava, and Irene Mull as
iluir poverty-stricken mother, the
Countess Palmatlca. "The Beggar
Student" is one of the most pleasing of
(.i-rman comic operas, its solos, ensem
bles and finales being of exceptional
merit. De Wolf Hopper ha 3 also rev....!
this work this summer at Manhattan
:i. New York.
Monday evening, August 1, tha
regular grand opera season will com
mence. Th. first week's repprtoire will
evoted on Monday. Wednesday, FTi
nd Saturday evenings to a great re
vival of "Aida," and on Tuesday, Thurs
day and Sunday evenings and Baturday
matinee to "Lucia di Lammermoor. '
•f the .special features of this season
will be the Satuday matinees especially
for ladies and the younger generation of
music lovers. During the season the
eminent European artists the Tivoli has
brought out will appear in all the favorite
and many new classical works.
Jhe Bald.Wia.
Henry Miller, the popular star, will re
open the Baldwin next month under tne
management of Charles Frohman. He
will produce "Heartsease," "The Mis
ter" and "A Marriage of Convenience."
and will l.rin* cojnplete scenic -md cos
tume equipments for all the plays in his
repertoire. The Beason promises to be a
( \Vi> popular one.
The /\icazar.
To-morrow evening Mephisto will make
his farewell bow and with "Faust" -nake
way for another attraction. The play
: has been artistically presented and :i"s
Ing power was limited only by the
; capacity of the house during a run of
two woks. The Mephisto conceived by
Lewis Morrison will be a worthy model
< f"r his followers for many years to
j come.
inning to-morrow evening the nian
: "East Lynne," with
ft r. B^orrison Impersonating the charac
ter oi Captain Levison and Miss Florence
Roberts the role of Lady Isabel. "East
I>ynn. " la go well known that the re
tolling of the story is unnecessary. It
will he remembered thai to win the nand
of Lady [sabel captain Livingstone tells
her that Archibald Carlyle, her hus
i>rind, is untrue: that she leaves her hus
band and child and later marries Levi
son, whose treatment of her soon di
vorces the couple and the grief-stricken
woman becomes a governess at the home
!■ former husband, who has mar'i'-d
the first woman of his choice. Isab 1 i>;
not aware of the fact until confronted by
him at the bedside of their own ;hllj
who is dying.
The piece, thouprh presented many times
in this city and several times at this par
ti* uiar h'.iisc. win he- produced in a man
ner equal if not superior to any previous
presentation lure. The cast follows:
Lin Levison, Lewis Morrison: Arch
ibald Carlyl... Frederic Vroom; Lord Mt
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER
Fred Belasco, Lessee Mark Thall, Manager
TO-NIHT, FAUST.
TO-MORROW. MONDAY, JULY 25,
Begins the Tenth Week of/
Lewis Morrison!
When will be Presented
EAST
LYNNE.
w e , 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
WEEK OF AUGUST 1:
Thursday, I.Elelifiii.
lat. and* Sun. Pgniillp
Sat. and Sun. I If] I
- v Nights. uuiumui.
iOROSGO^GTAKi
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 632.
Evening Prices 25e ami 500
Family Circle anJ Gallery ......10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-day and To-night. CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE.
NEXT WEEK.
' "OUK CALIFORNIA HOY."
JAMES BROPHY
. In a Superb Revival of • ■:
THE TWO ORPHANS
PROFESSOR GRAEBER'S Mandolin and Gui-
tar daes (X Mi-mbers).
IN a Choice MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
f
Severn, Clarence Montaifie; Richard
Hare, George Piatt; Herbert, Frank Deni
thorn; Mr. DIU, Wallace Shaw; Constable,
Cariyle Moore; Lady Isabel. Miss Flor
ence Roberts; Barbara Hare, Miss Ger
trude Foster; Miss Comev. Mrs. K. M.
Bates; Joyce, Miss Juliet Crosby; Wilson,
-Nuss Lillian Armsby; Slzanne, Miss Laura
Crews.
J^orosco's.
"The Two Orphans" will have a gTand
revival at Morosco's to-morrow night,
and It is proposed to make It the most im
portant of any durinc: Mr. Brophy'i en
gagement. The part of Chevalier de Vau
dra.y is considered his best work, and he
has had his wardrobe specially made f"r
this occasion. The production of the old
favorite play will he a notable one, with
perfect stage settings and elegant cos
tumes.
Phosa McAllister, a well-known and
popular actress, has been assigned the
role of the Countess de Linieres. MNs
Jessie Shirley, also well known, is to be
Marianne, Frochard's persecuted wife.
Miss Ynez Dean, who is engaged for
the part of Sister Genevieve, is a contralto
of local musical circles. Her fine voice
will be heard in two acts of the drama.
In the garden scene she is to sing "See
How It Sparkles," from the opera of
Glrofle-Girofla. In act four, the church
scene. Miss Dean will render Gounod's
famous "Aye Maria." A grand pipe or
gan has been secured for this scene, and
the iucompanlment upon it is to be played
by Caesar Brandt, organist.
Professor Charles F. Graeber's banjo,
mandolin and guitar class, consisting of
AircrsEMENTs.
CCil TTIWIST A I TO-NIGHT-LastTime
U J^JII* IA I FRAWLEY CO. in LIBERTY HALL
Beg. TO-MORROW (MON.), 7th Week of THE
viltl/U^^^a^^^^^^^^^^J^^^'* PresentinK for the first time on
THE NEW -. . j—. ' _ «,-—, "|
Hkv A GALLANT ESPEMLLY
I . • **■ : .. v-H-rno.fl-Aia-AX-a.i 1 jl written FOR them
OlJtvtvlllPNlJC.lV • EDWARD E. KIDDER.
T C\C\\C For full Particulars of this important event in to-day's theatrical column
A - - /V IV of this paper.
Next-"HIS ABSENT BOY."
CHUTES AND ZOO. MRS. anna YON MEYERINCK
IA/111 REOPEN Her
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. CfHOOI CrtZ |l/l][O|/>
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE OVlll/VL. V/F lULoiv
HDikircc D4l iHnwr ,mnniTfi FOR VOICE culture AND PIANO, on
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS! monday. A Ugus t i. isss.
BARNEY REYNOLDS. COUCH and CHES- The Complf-te to °w\th'those S glven t at
BARNEY REYNOLDS. COUCH and CHES- school, outlined to conform with those given at
TER, TONY RYAN,- the "Mad Musician;" the Royal High School, Berlin, offer exceptional
MARIE CASASSA'S EDUCATED COCKA- ?, dv nt f g T? s , to , I stud .'» desiring a Thorough
TOOS and COLRY and WAY in th* mn-r Musical Education, including, besides the prln-
ixrW ,££„•-•. WAY ln the FREE cipal stu.ly of Voice Culture or Piano, ir.struc-
TTIBATER next week. tion in Harmony, Theory. Chorus and Sight
NEW MOVING PICTURES, and CANNON Singing, insemble Playing, Languages and
the 613-POUND SWISS. Physical Culture. Terms for full course of
. nfty weeks. J.o. payable In monthly lnstall-
Cp O iha R«hv Chotlatifi Pftntr ments of $6 25. Primary department for be-
OCC lllc VauY DnctmllQ rony, ginners. Special seminary courses for teach-
■ „ „ . . ._-. ' era. Terms for Private Inatructlon and all fur-
Smnllcst in the World. : tber particulars may be obtained by applying
fifty "society ladles, whose musical selec
tions have- riflighted many audiences in
this city, will render a Dumber of musi
cal selections In the garden scene of the
second act.
This setting presents the illuminated
pardons of Bel-Air during a fete. K.ir the
second time in ten years the vast stage
Is to be utilized to its full extent. The
scene will be brilliantly illuminated with
hanging lights and lanterns, and there
will be over seventy people on the stage.
The termination of the act is the famous
rescue of Henriette by the Chevalier,
where the retalnersof De Vaudray.i
ing those of the Marquis de Presws. form
a dueling 1 ensemble, during which, in the
sword contest between the Chevalier and
the Marquis, the latter is killed.
Snow, who has always been
an exceedingly strong favorite with the
audiences at the Grand, has been specially
engaged for the part of Pierre Frochanl,
the cripple, the role in which he made his
opening success with the stock company.
In fact, the cast will be an exceedingly
strong one.
Jhe Orpheum.
The management of the Orpheum have
billed four new acts, including comedy
novelties and musical turns, for this
wi i",;, which they confidently expect will
prove very attractive. Much is expected
from the Macarte Sisters, who hav<
brought from Europe for this engage
ment by the Walter Orpheum Company.
They are credited with being the greatest
In their line, and as performers on tne
high wire do some work quite different
from anything yet seen at this house.
All three are on the wire at the same
time and each performs an entirely dif
ferent line of work. Another trio from
whom a pleasing turn is expected is the
Angela Sisters, whose specialties are
songs, comic and descriptive. They are
said to be of comely appearance, of pleas
ing stage presence and fine voice. An
other musical number is the Windom
Quintet, which is composed of W. H.
Windom. he of Primrose & West fame,
and a quartet of colored boys, known as
the IMackstone Quartet. Together thia
combination make a quintet that it ia
said will rival anything that has ever
been heard at the Orpheum.
It is positively announced that Wilton
and Stack, horizontal bar artists, will ap
pear. Mr. Stack having fully recovered
from his recent accidenl. Joseph Hart and
Mis.s Carrie Ue Mar will be seen in a iiew
act entitled "Dr. Chauncey's Visit." In
this act Miss de Mar makes some very
clever character changes and in one will
wear h«;r famous glass hat. The act is
said to be very funny and some ludicrous
situations are brought about by the con
fusion of names of a physician, a veter
inary surgeon, a beautiful young lady,
her niece and a pet dog. Valmore, Lo
renz, Allen and Gilbert and Goldie re
main. Matinees as usual.
Jhe Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall for this week
has Reid, the famous barytone; Gibson
and Allen, dancers and musical come
dians; Quazina. the "Male La Loie Ful
ler"; Flossie Nash, soubrette; Ordway
and Rand, bicyclists, and others. Matinea
to-day.
The Ghutes.
The Chutes Free Theater manages to
hold its own with the downtown places of
amusement, and every afternoon and
evening large crowds are attracted to
the Haight-street grounds. The Japanese
Jugglers, acrobats, top-spinners and
magicians now appearing there are the
best of their kind seen in San Francisco
for over a decade and their balancing
and posturing feats are little short of
marvelous. Next week they will be re
tained, as will also Colby and Way, the
"Ventriloquist and the Dancing Doll,"
who enter upon their fourth and last
week with an entirely new act. The rest
of the bill will be entirely changed, and
will include Marie Casassa and her school
of educated cockatoos from Australia,
Barney Reynolds, a character comedian
and singer; Eugene Couch and Lizzia
Chester, descriptive vocalists, and Tony
Ryan, an eccentric xylophonist, renowned
as "the mad musician." Henri Maurice
Cannon has been re-engaged for a short
season. ■*
The Zoo has received several additions
and a "Camera Obscura" on top of th<*
Chutes' tower promises to be a great at
traction.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME
Planquette's Charming Opera,
"THE BELLS OF CORNEVILLE."
TO-MORROW EVENING.
"THB BEGGAR STUDENT."
Milloeker's melodious work.
: Popular prices 23 and 30 cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
Last week Comic Opera Season.
TIVOLI -EXTRA.
On Monday, August I,
Opening of
GRAND
OPERA
SEASON
THE COMPANY WILL CONSIST OF THB
FOLLOWING ARTISTS:
MARIE BRANDIS.
Prima Donna Soprano, Damrosch Opera
Co., New York.
ANNA LIGHTER.
Prima Donna Soprano, Carl Rosa Op«r»
Co.. London.
MARY LINCK.
Prima Donna Contralto. Carl Rosa Open
Co., London.
EDGARDO ZERNI,
Primo Tenor, La Scala, Milan.
RHYS THOMAS.
Tenor Carl Rosa Opera Co., London.
MAURICE l'E VRIES.
Baritone, Abbey & Grau Co., New York.
WILLIAM PRUETTE.
Baritone Emma Abbott Opera Co.
SIG. G. WANRELL.
Basso, Royal Italian Opera, Milan.
WILLIAM SCHUSTER.
Basso Carl Rosa Opera Co.. London.
THIS WILL BE THE MOST EXPENSIVE-
OPERATIC COMPANY EVER BROUGHT
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
The usual popular prices will prevail, 25 and
50 cents, never changing.
During the season MATINEES will be given
EVERY SATURDAY at which you can get a
RESERVED SEAT FOR 25 CENTS.
t**nt.« will be on sale on and after MONDAY.
July 23.
SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY. JULY 24. AT 2:30 P. M.,
SECOND CHAMPIONSHIP
LOINC-DJVJNG CONTEST
Between PROF. FRED McDERMID and 9.
B. RAYMOUS.
SWIMMING RACES.
50 yards. 75 yards, 100 yards and 120 yards
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 60.
ftl VMPI* Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
UL I IflrlA GREATEST FREE BILL IM
AMERICA. Reid, barytone; Gibson & Allen.
Comedians; Flossie Nash, Soubrette; Ordwajr
& Rand: Quazina. Royce Sisters, Rockwell and
others. Admission FTee. Matinee Sunday.
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUH.
CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.,
SAN JOSE VS. OAKLAND.
ADMISSION, 26c LADIES FREBt
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Bllver unchanged-
Wheat lower.
Barley, Oats and Corn dull.
Hay arriving freely and easy.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Whir.- Bean* continue active.
Coal market steady.
Prune* steadily advancing.
Dried Peaches In bettir demand.
Dried Apricots very firm.
Fresh Peaches and Apricots firm.
Grapes slow. Melon* weaker.
ons dull and unchanged.
Choice Wool in l»-tter demand.
weak. Hops dull.
Hogs weak at the decline.
Errs advanced again.
Butter an 1 ("heeso unchanged.
Poultry the a
Ten failures last week.
Bank clearings now show a losw
OUR CANNED GOODS IN ENGLAND.
The demand for salmon during the week,
sayt» the London Grocers' Gazette, has been
very slight, and from estimates made during
the past month the deliveries have been less
than for a considerable time back. It is evi
dent that country customers are well stocked
■with supplies from the abundant shipments of
two or three months ago. There has been an
almost entire clearance of different sorts of
California fruits and the market is not likely
to be supplied for months to come. The ship
me.it now due has been sold to arrive and Is
anxiously waited for.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradsti itlle Agency reports 10
failures la t!i>> Pacific I and Terrl- !
torlep for the past week, as c impared with 10
for the previi u.s w.»-k an 1 18 for the corre- !
spondlng w- The Failures for the;
past week are divided am nig the trades as i
. 1 general Btore, 2 p:
1 hotel. 1 contractor, 1 cigars, 1 fruits, 1 res
taurant, 1 boots and shoes.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bunk clearings last week were $12,675,-
PS7. ralcst $14,142,550 for she same week in
JS97. This Is the first Instance of a loss In the
local clearings for a long time.
WEATHER REPORT.
020 th Meridian— Pacific Tlrse.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 23. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
!n California:
Eureka. 60; Fresno, &6: Los Ar.pfles, S2; Red
Bluff San Diego, 72;
Sacramento, 94; San Luis Obisno. 76; Yuma,
San Frp' > rature: Maximum, 64;
minimum, 50; mean, 67
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
ASTS.
The pressure Ir hlgheft this evening In north
western Washington and lowest In Arizona.
Generally wanner weather prevails in the Pa
clflc Coast region, and conditions are favorable
for fair, warm weather to continue Sunday.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
houre. ending midnight. Jul
Northern Fair Sunday; light
north to b--i;sk west wind.
them California— Fair Sunday; fresh
•west wind.
Ida, Utah, and Arisona -F.iir Sunday.
San ' vicinity— Fate Sunday;
. west wind.
from Mt. TamalpaJs taken at
ir; wind west, 12 mile." per hour;
I ■'ur- 1 , 78; maximum
\V H. HAMMON,
F re aat 1 n
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW rORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 23.— The dullness of the
etock markot wai not relieved in the closing
hours of the week, though there were one or
two Incidents to the re?t of the day's trading.
One was the buying for London account. This
•■at not large, but it was influential and was
pretty well distributed through the Interna
tional list. Later the lo ll traders took the
market away from th- foreigners and bid up
the prices of the Pacific railroad stocks. This
movement -row out of the consultations report
ed as having taki place itween the execu
tives of the Canadian Pacific and the Great
Northern and the rumors that the long-drawn
out dispute over transcontinental passenger
loads had been adjusted. The buying by Lon
don in the face of the downward tendency of
sterling exchange, which is already with'.n
measurable distance of the gold-importing
points, was rather unexpected. Money con
tinued easy in ndon, but it showed itself
eensltlve to demands to gold. The present eaae
In exchange Is due as yet to offerings of
grain and cotton fu:>;r but rates
ere bound to jfiel further, as X" •'- and cot
ton c.ime rward and the ncesaur" on London
Is likely to lead to borrowing in New York or
an Import movement of gold.
Ther» was a fair demand for bonds to-day,
but prices were not well held. There was a
reaction oi ?» to 104 in the price of the new
Government threes "when Issued."
The bark statement reflected continued .per
etior^ on account of ihe Government loan, the
decreases in cash b?lng clearly due to pay
ir.ents of subscriptions into the sub-trei
The h«>avy decrease in deposits and the con
traction in loans are not so easu- accounted
lor. The loan decrease was probably due to
operations In Government bonds by banks
which have held Govennr.nt deposits, a re
duction which seems clearly indicated.
The latter part of the week witnessed a
greatly Increased demand for railroad bonds at
bdvancing prices.
United States seconds have advanced 2. the
new fours l^i. the fives coupon \ and the fives
registered and the old fours coupon % In the
bid price.
Its to-day were 85,100
- in"!»<;!nK 3480 Burlington, 15.060 North
ern Pacific . . . ■ : .
Pacific preferred. BSO Spirits, 486G <'ht
1 IVestern, SBSO Sugar, 3720 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchiaon 13% tSt P & Om 82%
Do prefd 34% Dv prefd 150
Baltimore & Ohio 12% St P M & M 1."4
Canada Pacific .. 86% So Pacific - 19%
Canada Southern. 53 So Railway 8%
Central Pacific... 15% Do prefd 30%
Ches fi Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific 12%
Lhi & Alton 160 irnion Pacific .... 60%
C!."! B & O 105% L' P D ft Q 5% !
Chi & E 111 65 .Vabash 7
CC C & St L.... 41} i Do prefd IS%
Do prefd tS Wheel &L B %
Del & Hudson... 105 Do prefd £ ]
Del L & W 150 Express Companies—
Uen & R G 12 \dams Xx .7 101
Do prefd 4.' r Vmerican Ex .... 13.')
Erie ew) .... 12% fnited States 40
Do Ist refd ... 84% .Veils Farco 119
Fort "Wayne 170 Miscellaneous
Gt Nor |.r*M 126 A Cot Oil 24V
Hocklni? Valley... 6% Do prefd 77^4
Illinois Central .. 101 Amn Spirits 11*4
Lake Erie & W.. 18% Do prefd 33
Do prefd 70 Am Tobacco 119%
Lake Shore ...... 188 Do prefd 122
Louis & Nash 73% People' Gas 98%
Manhattan L .... 105% Cons Gas i<*s
Met Bt Ky ISI Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central .... 108% Col F & 1r0n..... 20
Minn St L .... 18 Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefJ.... 88% Gen Electric 39%
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 56
Mobile & 0hi0... 25V« Uielede Gas »%
Mo X & T 10% Lead li
Do prefd 83% i l>o prefd 1094
Chi In.! & L .... 9% Nat Lin Oil 14
Do prefd 294 Pacific Mail 284
N J Central BSH Pullman Palace... 209
N V Central 118% Silver Certificates CBM
X V Chi & St L... l?Vi stand R & T 6'
Do Ist prefd C 6 ' >ut?ar 132%
Do Id prefd.... 80 Do prefd 113%
r'cr W»st H TC't 1r0n........ 24%
.Vo Amer Co 64 U S Leather VA
It Pacific 29% Do prefd 68%
. ">o pre.fd 71% U S Rubber ..... 31%
Ontario & \V 14% Do prefd ' 89%
Or R & Nay 4S W*st Union 92»i
Or Short Line.... 28 C .* N W 120%
Plttsburg 17 I Do prefd 172 V.
Reading 16%'BtL&8W 5"
Do Ist prefd.... 8SV A ; Do prefd 10%
Rock Island 96%!R G \V 26%
Bt Louis & E F... '. '■'-. Do prefd 65
Do st prefd.... Cl Chi O W 14%
Do 2d prefd.... 25% Haw Com Co 2>u
Bt Paul • S!>% Rrooklyn H T 65
Do prefd 151 Union Pacific 24%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124% N 3 C 5s 112%
Do coup 125% S Carolina 6s 125
U S 4» 109% Do 4s 102
Do coup .... 110% No Pac lßts 112%
. Do 2ds 5>7 Do 3s 64V4
U S 6s reK....... 111% Do 4s 98
f Do ■': c0up..... 112% N V C & St L 4». 105%
District 3.65s 110 Nor * W 6s 122
Ala class A...... 108 Northwstrn cons. 142
Do B ....105 Do deb 5b 117%
: Do- C .: 95 O Nay lnts 11l
Do Currency ... 95 O Nay 4s 9fi%
Atchison 4s 95% O S Line 6s tr.... 127'
. Do adj 2s 70% O S Line 5a tr.... IM%
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of 93.... 102
Chi Term 45..... 86% Reading: 4s ....... 81%
C & Ohio 5s 114% R G W lsts 89%
C H & D '.'■■■- ■ IO«% Bt L&I M C r,s. 99%
D & R G lsts.... 10»% St I, & S F G 6s. 117%
D & X O 4s ■ 96 . St P Con 143
Eapt Term l«ts.. 106% St P C & p lsts.. 118%
Erie Gen 45........ 73% Do 5s H.-.t^
F W '& D lets tr. 73% So Railway 55.... 94Vi
Gen Elec 5s 105 Stand Rft T 65.. 70
GH& S A — 104 Term new set 3?.. 91%
.Do Zdl 105 Tex PL C, Ists... 106 ■
H & T C 55....".. 110% Do >{g 2ds. 42»i
Do con 6s 11l Union Pac 4s 57%
lowa C lets 102 UPD * Q lsts.. 73%
La new cons 45.. 10S Wah lPt 5s 11014
L & N. T'nl 45.... 88 Do 2ds 87%
Missouri 6s ...... 100 W Shore 4s I<W»A
M'K'& T 2d5.... e5% Va Centuries. 71%
Do 4s 89% I Do deferred ... B
N V Central lstß. 115%
MIXING STOCKS.
Choliar 12 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point f>3 Ophlr IS
Con aCI & Va... 30 Plymouth 12
Peadwood sn Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry... 00 Do prefd 475
Hale & NorcroH*.. 35 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homeetake 47 00 Stan<)ard 1 20
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 12
Mexican ID Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Boston L 66
"all loas 2rf?3 Atchieon prefd ... 34%
rime loans ...... gs4 E E 111 18l)
Bi -leu— Bonds —
\ T A S F 13>4 Atchlson'4s 92%
Amer Sugar ..... 132% New England 6s. 93%
Do prefd 113% Gen Electric 55... 112%
Bay State Gaa...l 7-16 Wls Cent lsts 105
aell Telephone ..272 Do 6r . 47^4
3aston & Albany. 225 Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine. 161V2 , Allouez Mm Co.. 3%
.""hi B & Q 105% Atlantic 26
Fltchburg 100 Boston A Mont... 204
3en Electric 3S«i Butte & Boston... 23^
Illinois Steel 56 Calumet & Hecla. oo
Mexican Central.. Centennial 13%
< V A N Eng.... 94 I Franklin ,12* i
:>ld Colony 193% Osceoia <«Vi
Rubber 31=4 Qulncy U«
_'n!on Pacific .... 24 Tamarack 152
SVeet End 85 (Wolverine 23
A'estinghouse El. 24?* : Parrott 23%
Do prefd 54%!01d Dominion 22\
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. July 23. -The New Tork Ftnan
;ler fays of the 'weekly bank statement: Since
fuly 2 the clearing house banks of New York
:ity have reduced their cash reserves over
HS.OOO.GOO. In the same period, which em
braces only three weeks, they have Increased
:helr I'>ans $14. 0ne <vio and their deposits have
alien off aiv.ut $3,000,000. The cash reductions
lave been due altogether to operations with
ihe Treasury, since the movement of the ln
erior still continues. The statement there
fore in its changes shows the effectH of
financing the new loan, and as the Treasury
das received In cash for small subscriptions
-i.-aiiy or quite half the amount of the entire
oan, there seems to be no cause for further
Usturbance in the money market. The rerr.aln
ng allotments of 1100,000.000 will probably b«
inanced by extending payments over a short
>eriod. Treasury deficits on one and eounter
icting the receipts from the new bonds. In
he meantime the designation of certain banks
is depositories for Government funds will
prevent the locking up of n large amount of
.•ash In the Treasury. Of course If all the
emainlng subscriptions were paid in one sum
h? effect might temporarily tighten the
noney market, but this Is not anticipated. The
■urrent statement shows the first decrease in
oans since the first week in May. The loss
ippears to be distributed well throughout the
Ist in Email amounts and reflects probably
iquidation of mercantile account* The mar
let for call paper at present la very inactive,
iew business being less than expiring maturl
les.
LONDON MARKET.
KEW YORK, July 23.— The Evening Post's
xtndon financial cablegram: The stock markets
lore were quiet to-day In view of the settle
nent to begin next week, but the tone was
rood. Spanish 4s were especially strong on
>eace specta and foreign buying. It Is dlf-
Icult. however, to, view Spanish finance hope
ully nnd everyone is now inquiring on what
oottnj the Cuban debt will be In the future.
%'ow York is still offering bills, largely against
< tton account, and It looks like a repetl
lon of last year's exchange of prices.
CLOSING.
Consots for money. 111 *; Canadian Pacific.
8: Crand Trunk, S\. Bar Silver, uncertain,
7'i.d per ounce. Money, % p«r cent.
MADRID, July 23.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
it 59.80.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2,177 barrels; exports, 757S barrels; quiet but
iteady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 111,000 bushels; export,
5.252 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 85 1 ®
5Hc f. o. b. afloat; export grades to BjlTlve.
)ptlons opened firm and were steadily held,
hough somewhat irregulur all the morning,
trength was derived mostly from the lump in
orn. Closed He lower on July under real
zing; *i!g%c net higher on other months.
September, 72\!&73*^e; closed. 73c.
PIGIRON— ; Southern, $9 75<311; " North
rn, lIOOU £0.
COPPER— brokers, ll%c.
LEAD— QuI?t; brokVrs'. $3 SO.
TlN— Quiet and steady.
COFFEE— Options opened steady at un
hanged; ruled Inactive and nominal, with
veak undertone, cables affording no encour
gement. spot demand being slack and specu
ation dormant. Closed steady, unchanged, to
points net higher. Sales. 6500 bajrs, Includ
ng: August, $5 40. Spot coffee — Rio, dull;
<O. 7 invoice, Cc; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild,
lule.t; Cordova, SM.'S'loc.
SUGAR— Haw, firm; fair refining. J%e: cen
rifugal, M tent. 4Wc; refined, firrr.; Standard
s>4c; confectioners' A. sli;5 l i; cut loaf, s"£c;
rushed, 55 7 hc; powdered, 5%c; granulated, 5%c;
•übes, &He.
I'.T'TTKR— 3'<oo packages. Market,
inn; Western creamery, 14&18 c; Elgins. 18c;
actory. ll«13Hc
EGGS— Receipts, 3000. Market, steady; West
ern, 13%<614c'.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 23.— California dried
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. B®Sc;
jrimc wire tray. S%4rSS»c; choice. B»">r'3c; fan
:y. V>c.
PRUNES— 4^Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8%@10c; Moorpark. 10®
L2c.
PEACHES— 6@Bc; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Continued dry weather
■tnrterl corn strong;. Nearly every commission
louse on the floor had buj-lng orders from the
country to execute at the opening, which was
rufftclent to start the prices at %@\ic ad
vance over the close ■•r:..y. Heavy oper-
Itors, who long a«o made up their minds that
*orn would meet with disaster, were consplcu
jus buyers. It was Insisted that the crop wae
already seriously damaged. All believers in
;hat state of affairs pledged their fortunes as
well as their word in support of their con
rlctlona and shorts tonK alarm and added their
iemand to that of the bulls. The market held
jtrong from beginning to end. September clos
ing with a gain of IW.C on the day.
Owing to the advance in corn and orop dam
ape reports from Dakota wheat had a bullish
Bend-off. Beptember opened at f,7>c. %c above
yesterday's closing figures. It made a further
advance to 63M>c while still under the Influence
r>f the boom in corn, but parted company with
the latter at the point last referred to. The
tendency after ■ that was reluctantly down
ward Indications of a much freer movement
of new wheat the coming week had most to
do with the heavier feeling that supervened-
September, after a decline to CS%?iSS%c, one«
more became firm on the Ht ill more bullish
tone of corn the last half hour of the cession.
July, however, was evidently struck with fenr
of the (Trowing movement of new wheat, for
after bringing" 7SHc early in the day It fell
to 76V-C at the clone. A Liverpool cablegram
reported the Roumanian crop damaged 20 j"r
cent but another cablegram gave an excellent
account of that crop. September gained K«%e
and December advanced H@V£c in trie day.
Owing to the unfavorable threshing reports
and the firmness of corn oats scored a good
advance, leaving off %®Vtc up.
Higher prices for hogs and the rise In corn
strengthened provisions. Pork is 12% c higher,
lard 5(0 7%c lower and ribs lower.
The lending futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
JuYv heat . °:. 2.7.....2 .7..... 78 78% 7«% T<%
September 67% 65% 67* i 67%
December 67% 67% 67% 67%
Corn No. 2— 33% 34% 33% 34%
July 33% 34^ 33% 34%
December 34% SI.H 84% 35%
ember ..:::::::::: iitt R S% R
JuT'-^:.^ 23H 24 23V 24
September 20% 20% 20>J 20%
May • 23W> 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Julj- 9 85
September -9 90 9 57% 8 87% 9 97%
Lard, per 100 It>B—
September... 5 574 5 61% 6 57% 6 624
October 5 62% 565 5 62% 665
Short Klbs, per 100 lbs—
September SSo 5 67% 6 62% 5 674
October 5 70 6 70 5 70 6 70
Cae<h quotations were as follows: Flour,
etetidy; Winter wheat,, patents, $4 10(g4 25:
Straits, sacks, IS WKJ3 75; I i^clal brand hard
spring patents, J4 7- r >«J"5: h:ik«r:', $3(03 2:,; No. 2
Bprlne wheat, 76c; NO 3 spriiiß wheat, 90c;
No. 2 red. 78% c; No. 2 corn, 34>4Q34%c; No. 2
oats, 24c; No. 2 white. 2S%c; No. 3 white, 27(8)
274 c; No. 2 rye, 47c; No. 2 barley, 82®35c; No.
1 flaxseed, 98c: prime timothy need, $2 55; mesa
pork, per bbl, $9 8559 90: lard, per 100 lbs, $5 50
©3 52%; short ribs aidea (loose), $5 50!?) 5 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 4%®3c; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 B;fj6 10.
' Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 3.100 6.400
Wheat, bushels 53,500 104.900
Corn, bushels 234,700 249,200
Oats, bushels 191.000 170,100
Rye, bushels ." 3.J00 "
Barley, bushels 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter market was firm. Creameries, 13%@17%c;
Dairies, 12@15c: Eptks steady, fresh lie; Cheese,
slow; Creamery, TfiWc
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Rscelpts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 56.700 4G.>?io
Duluth 1i»,524 4«.1!I7
Milwaukee 11,050
Chicago 69.529 104.947
Toledo ......... :.. 163.567 ' 404.4C0
£t. Louis 45.000 27,000
Detroit 24.893 : 23.457
Kansas City.. 120.000 43,500
Totals 500,563 696,111
Tidewater —
i Boston 10.700 39,803
New York 111. MO 29.252
Philadelphia 7.319 1,7«i3
Baltimore 113,114
New Orleans ■ .......
GaJveston 10,500
Totals 2'4.C33 70,897
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 62 40 44 80
Closing
Flour
Opening ..23 20 20 «0
Closing .....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 68% 5 11V 4 574
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July CATTLE— Were In ac
tive demand, at strong prices. Choice steers,
$5 20^5 50; medium, J4 SOQ'4 95: : beef steers,
Is* 20@i 75; stockers and feeders, $3 23^4 80;
! bulls, $2 75(5>4 £5; cows and helfrrs, ?3 10@4;
I calves, $3(&7; Western steers, $4 25@5 DO.
HOGS— Were strong at an average advance
'■ of 2%c. Fair to choice, $3 95@4 07: packers.
$3 76*83 92; butchers. $3 75@4 02%: mixed, $3 76
i @3 97: light, 53 7C<??3 97: pigs, $.vn3 SO.
1 SHEEP— Offerings of she<-p were v.cli taken
at unchanged prices. Common to choice sheep,
$3@4 60; western range, $4®4 50; common to
choice lambs, $4 25<j?6 40.
-Ipts— Cattle, 300; hogs. 20.000; sheep,
1000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., July 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 150. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts 6. T00. Market strong to 5c
higher. Bulk of sales $3 75#3 95; heavies, $3 80
@4; packers, $3 6698 95; mixed $3 GOSJ3 90;
llphts. $3 660) 7.-.; yorkers, $3 70@3 75; pigs,
$3 4:^3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts 200. Manket steady.
Lambs $3 50®6; muttons $2 50@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Neb.. July 23.— CATTLE—
1200. Market, steady. Native beef steers,
$4 40©* 2."; Western steers, $3 &O<?J4 50; cows
and heifers, $3 4<Vf?4 40; stockers and feeders,
$3 75ff4 70; calves {4<£s CO.
HOGS— Receipts 9100. Market shade higher.
Heavy, $3 80@3 92%; mixed. $3 So<ff3 52%; light,
$3 80@3 92; bulk of sales, $3 80 3 82%.
SHEEP— Receipts 500. Market steady. Fair
to choice ntSlves, $3 80(34 60; do westerns,
$3 70@4 40; common, $3 25@4 25; lambs, $4 25@6.
FOREIGN MARKETS. .
LONDON, July 23.— Consols, 11l 7-46; silver,
27! fed; French rentes, 103f 15c: wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers Indifferent; cargoes on pas
page, depressed. ■  ' .
LIVERPOOL, July 23.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in Farls. firm; flour In Paris, firm.
COTTON— 3 18-82 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, fis B%d; No. 1 red Northern spring. 6s S%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s 2d; futures steady; July, 3s 2d; September,
3s 3%d; October, 3s \i. ■■■'■; / ••
FLOUR-St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 9s.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, dull. £fW*-
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; July, 6s B%d;
September, 5s ll%d; December, 5s ll%d.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. July 23.— imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week were $7.0X>,;52. The gold and
silver movement at New York for , the week
endlog to-day was: Exports of gold. $13,408.
Bilverf 1706,120. Imports: Gold, $39,909; ellver,
$SS,6€9. ,
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. July 23.— COTTON—
m NEW YORK, July COTTON— mid
dling, 6 11-lSc.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July To-*Jay's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $263,079,090; gold reserve.
n&9,208.278.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., July 23— Nominal.
60@€4c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 23,— Wheat— Club, 60c; Blue
Stem, 63c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., July 23.— Exchanges, $101,
228; balances, $49,216.
* •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight $4 S7
Sterling Exchange, 60 days 4 85%
Sterling Cables 4 88
New York Exchange, telegraphic. .. 17%
New York Exchange, sight 15 ■
Fine Silver, per ounce 59$ i
Mexican Dollars 46 4SVj
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A firmer feeling at Chicago and a
rising tendency In Europe produced uo effect
here and the market remained dull. Spot
quotations were lower.
Spot Shipping, »1 M4©l 25; milling,
Jl 30@l 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls Deeemt.er— 2ooo
ctls, $1 26"4-
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— lo,ooo
' BARLEY- from fhis port during the
' first six months of the year were 520.000 ctla,
valued at $631,291, agninst 633.3C0 ctls at $508,
460 for the same time In I^7.
The market is motionless and unchanged.
Feed, $1 17@1 20; Brewing, $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal serrlon— 9:ls o"clock— No sales.
Second session— No Bales.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo
: ctls, II 19V4.
OATS— There is no business worth talking
abo-u. Fancy Feed. $1 B2sl 35 per ctl: pood to
choice. $1 25^1 32%: common, $1 17H«Tl 22%;
Surprise. $1 32mai 35: Gray. $1 22%@1 25; mill-
In" Jl 30f?l 35 per ctl.
CORN — There Is no further advance and the
demand is not sharp. Small round yellow,
Jl SO.fil 35: Basttrri large yellow, Backed, $115;
white $1 17M,<?(1 20; mixed, $1 10 per ctl.
RYE— sl 2('\i: r., per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<tl S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $4 65(S 1 4 73; bakers'
extras. U 4WS-4 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In • sacks are ns fa\.
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 L's per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Gro«ts,
14 10; Hominy. $3 86®3 50; Buckwheat Flour, {4
<ai 25; Cracked Wheat, |3 75; Farina, %4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, 83 50; Rolled oats (bar
ley) $5 Ssg6 25; in sacks, $5 65i56 03; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, 14 50
per 1-JO lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market rules easy under continued
heavy receipts, though there Is no decline and
arrivals are all Bold as a rule.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
BRAN— BI6OIB 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J26 per ton.
Oilcake >!<»al at the mill. $?.l<?f3l 50; Jobbing
582@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J2t@2s: Cottonseed
Meal, J28i?30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23®23 50;
Cracked Corn, J24*j24 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $IS<§lS 50 for choice and
$16 50017 60 for lower grades;: Wheat and Oat.
I16®18; Oat, $15 60@17 50; Wild Oat. $14 50®
16 50; Barley, »15@16; Island Barley, $13«14 50;
Alfalfa $11 S0(S13; Clover, nominal— here.
STRAW— €O(&BSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The upward tendency In White Beans con
tinues and the demand 19 good. The other
kinds rule dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@2 90; Small Whites,
tl W>'.i2 Large Whiten. tl SO©l 90; Pinks. $2 f.O
©2 60- Reds, $2 6>yQ2 75: Blackeye, $3 15ig;3 25;
Mutters, nominal; Llmas. S2 75(g2 85; Pea, $1 80
@1 90; Red Kidneys. f2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@5- per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, J2'Jj2 05; Canary
Seed 2%@2%c per lb: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
2*®£%c; .Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 6@5%c. ■
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, SI 75@2; Green, J2@
1 10 per ctl. -■ ' ;,; 7
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions ' are easier and Potatoes 'are none
too firm. There is no particular change in
Vegetables. ,
POTATOES— GOSTCOc In sacks and 50@S0c In
boxes for Early Rose and 55(£65c in sacks and
60c5j$l In boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
bunks, 65(g$5c.
ON ION s—4.">@6oc5 — 4.">@6oc per ctl for red and 65@S0c
per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLKS- .Peas, 2H-C: String
Beans. 2(&'4c per lb: Lima Beans, 4 S'sc; Bay
Squash, 35@50c; Green Peppers, 50<g7. r ,- for Chlla
and $1 254/1 CO for Bell; Dried Peppers, s@6c;
Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, SO®GOe per sack;
Buy cucumbers. 4u<S>soc; Vacaville Tomatoes, io
@75c; Los Angeles, 75c@tl per box; River To
matoep, *l 25i6J2; Green Corn. TS^fi ZS pf-r
sack for Vacavllle; $I#l 50 per crate for Ala
meda and 7ife'<'c lor Berkeley ; Garlic, Q2c per
lb; Green OV:ra, BOOTECi Egg Plant, 65cfatl
per box. '
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. i«®lSc; granulated. raw, 13c;
Orllon^ 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips., . l'sc;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME. .
A car of Eastern goes on to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@15c tor Gob
blers and 12(513o : for H»ns; young Turkeys,
18r: Gef-K», i>er pair. 7Sc§sl: Goslings, $1(3
1 26; Ducki, $3@3 25 for old and $3<5>4 for youn«;
Hens, $4^5 50; Roosters, young, $5<S5 50: Roos
t«rs, old, f4<54 50; Fryers, $3@4; Broiler 9,
X jio<j?3 50 for large; $2^2 SO for small; Pigeons.
$I@l 25 per dozen for young and old.
GAME— Nominal.
• ■ ■• ,
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
■ A further advance .in Eggs Is noted. There
Is no change In Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER— , - ■
" Creamery — Fancy ' creameries, 20c; seconds.
IS«M9c. . " *
. Dal rv— - to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, 16<tl6c. ■■ ■•« •-■.'-
Eastern Butter— packed, 14@15c per lb;
El^ln, nominal. '
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B©9c; old, 7(5!
7%c; Cream Cheddar. 10®llc; Young America,
8> SU,(-; Eastfrn. 12®13c.
EGGS— Eges, 17V£®2io per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@15c; Eastern. lS@l6c; Duck Eggs.
16<@17c. ■.-.,;. -...,;..:-. -
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Plums are now 6elllng to. the canners In
bulk. They are not over good, being small
as a rule and very green. Peaches and Aprl- 1
I cots are firm. Figs are coming In from So
i noma and are bringing fine prices. Melons
of all kinds are weaker. . Berries are firm.
Grapes continue slow. A few poor Cherries
are coming in still, but not In sufficient quan
tity to quote.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— , .
Strawberries, $2 50<&4 per chest for large and 1
$7 for small. „ .
Figs, — — per box for single and $I@l 2o for
double layers. ■' „_, „
Cantaloupes, $3<?j4 "0 per crate and $1 2o@l 50
• per box;. Nutmegs, $1 25®1 B0 per box; Water- ;
ni"loriF, $7@20 per hundred.
Huckleberries, 9@'loc per lb.
Red Nectarines, $I@l 25; White Nectarines,
Go<g)7sc per box. " __
Fontalnebleau Grape? from Vacavllle, 40@7uc ]
per box and oO^S^c per crate.
Blackberries. $2 50<g4 50 per chest.
Currants, $2 50(ff3 50 per chest.
Plums, 40®75c per crate and 25@60c per box;
in bulk, $10 per ton.
Apricots, 4067GC per box and $40Q6a per ton
In bulk.
Peaches, 30@75c per box: 65<7T75c per basket; in
bulk, to canners $25@40 for Freestones and $bO
@75 or Clings.
Crabapples, 35ff60c per box.
Raspberries, $o<g7 per chest.
Apples. 35<560c for common, and 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1. JS.—L
Bartlett Pears, $lffl 25 per box and $20@>30
per ton for No. 1, and 50075 c per box for No. 2. j
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $1 25@1 50 for St. I
Michaels, %l<fs\ 25 for Mediterranean Sweets, j
and 50c@$l 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, •$1 251i'2
for common and $2 5053 for good to choice; j
Mexican Limes, $6; California Limes, 50c per j
box: Banarms. $1 25<g2 per bunch; Pineapples.
$3@4 per dozen. '
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. R*IEINS. ETC.
Prunes are meeting with an improved de
mand in New York, as will be seen by the fol
lowing extract from the Commercial:
"California Prunes are exciting some Inter- j
est, owing to a larger demand for medium j
sizes for outside hotel and boarding-house 1
trade. The berry season Is passing, in some
sections is entirely over, and an increase in j
demand for Prunes always follows. As a con- 1
sequence of the slightly enlarged Inquiry there I
Is a firmer feeling among jobbers and more j
Inquiry for supplies. Just what the result may ]
be Is yet uncertain, but It is understood that |
supplies are practically exhausted, and there
bids fair to be a slight advance under pres
sure of increased demand."
In the local market buyers are steadily ad
vancing their bids fur new Prunes, but with- j
out effect, as holders and growers are not
selling. Current bids are 3V4(f3% for the four
sizes.
Peaches are showing more life and are
wanted. The largest local holding In the city
was closed out yesterday.
New Apricots are briskly Inquired after by |
buyers, but Ik Iders are not disposed to meet !
them, believing that prices will go still higher.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. carload lots, 4%
<g'sc for 40-50's, 4y@4%c for 50-60' 3%©4 c for
60-70 s. 3Vi'f?3«4c for 70-80's; 2%(5?3c for 80-90' s; 2
@2%c for 90-100's: Peaches, 4«5%c; peeled, 10??
12»<.c; new Apricots. 8%iß'9%c for Royals; old
Apricots, .'i}T7o for Royals and SJflOe for good
to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, iy^'W
7c; sun dried. 3<S4c; Black Figs, In sacks, 2^
2%c; Plums, 4^4'Vic for pitted and lff?l%c for
unpitted; bleached Plums, oc; Nectarines, 3(§>
4%c for prime to fancy Pears. 2%(54%c for
quarters and 3@5%c for halves, according to
color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 2Vi(ff2\c for
three-crown; St?3%c for four-crown. 3Sf4c for
S Hess Sultanas, 2V&<ti'3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $1(5'I 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes. 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 3«?4c for hardshell. 44?6c for
EOftßhell; Almonds. 3<54c for hardshell, 6iQ!7c for
eoftshell; 1 / <T9o for paper-sh»ll: Peanuts. 4(i3>
s^<! for Eastern and 4%c for California: Pe
cans. 6%@Sc; Filberts. S'-^lOc: Brazil Nuts.
BifJ9c per lb: Cocoanuts. $1 50f5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. >©10c for bright and 6g;7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. S%@
6c: lls-ht amber extracted, 4?i@s%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g2<>c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market rules dull at unchanged quota
tions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per Ib for j
heavy, Blic8 l ie for light medium, 10c for light, j
lie for extra light and 13513H0 for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. lOKOUe; Call- '
fornia Hams. »H®loc; Mosb Beef, JlO 60 per bbi. !
extra Mess Beef, til; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, tS; --xtra prime Pork, $10; extra clear.
; :.iess, $lo; Smoked Beef, 12@12Vic
per n>.
LA RD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Tb
for compound and 8c for pure; palls, S%c;
California tierces, sV*c p~r tb for compound
and 7c for pur.?: half barrels, 7Vic; 10-lb tins.
8c; ."-rb tins, B^c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, GHSS&io; packages
less than 300 n>s— l-Fb pails. 60 in a case, 9Hc; !
8-Ib palls, 20 In a case, S^c; 5-fb palls. 12 In a j
cas«-, $V,c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib |
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 77£ c;7 7 £c; wooden buckets, 21
lbs net, SHe; :;in'.y tubs. 80 rbis net, "He; half
barrels, about lift n>e, 7\c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue weak at the quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand 3 Fell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted i
steers, 10% c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow- !
hides, 9?T9%c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, j
9c- dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 18c;
Goatskins, 27%'g?.0c; medium. 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<i?:25c each; short wool,
30@40c each; medium, 60Si80c; long wool, 90c@ i
$1 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2 25 for larg*
and j'."lT" for small: Colts, 60c: Horsehides,
dry, $f 75 for large and 75c®$l 25 for small; I
Colts. ".oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3>,;c per lt>; No. 2,
«c; refined, 4%"!?4?4c; Grease, 2c,
WOOL— Fall clips, Southern Mountain, 7@loc; j
fre« Northern, '.»'i?l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. 9<S?llc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8®10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<7i14c; do, defective, 10@l2c;
Middle county, 13#'18c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 14®16c; Nevada, 10:j?14c; Eastern Oregon,
10912 c; Valley Oregon, 15(g'17c.
The circular of .Tacob Wollner says: "Our.
wool market is still In a very quiet position, |
only the very choice wools are In demand and
looked for. Prices remain about the same.
For heavy, defective or scoured wool there Is
no demand except by a few local mills. The
wool market in the principal Eastern seaboard
centers continues unchanged and prices are be
ing maintained with wonderful firmness con
sidering the very quiet demand, but this pecu
liar condition has been a feature of the trade
for a long period and Is lareely ba*»d upon the
future outlook and the strength displayed by
the Western owners of the new clip of wool. |
Dealers cannot replace their stock at the prices I
offered by the mills, and most lines of foreign !
«■'.:■ are far below the importing point. It'
promises to be a dull market until well along j
In August or September. The Bale of wool in i
the Boston markets alone 13 130,000,000 pounds ,
1-ss this year than last and 60,000.000 pounds
le?s th".n In lSStj!, which was a normal year. 1
The arrival of 13,000,000 of domestic and 000.- i
000 foreign less than last year makes the situ- I
atioti look rather healf—
HOPS— crop, 9@12%c per rb.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 4«4@4^c; Wool
Bags, nominal: San Quentin, $4 86.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; . New Wel
lington. $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, t6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 £0; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 60 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can- '
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Cafitle Gate, I
$7 60; Coke, , $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
Harrison's circular Bays: "During the week
there have been the following deliveries of
coal: from Washington five cargoes with 13,
390 tonp, two from British. Columbia 5450 tons,
one from Oregon 160 tons, two from Australia
E9S4 tons, one from Baltimore 2464 tons; total,
27,448 tons. There are yet several transport
cteamers to be coaled, which will leave here
before August 1; these will serve to reduce
our stocks-Bomcwhat,' but after that time our
calls for the Government will be compara
tively light. Contracts for over 60,000 tons for
delivery at Honolulu for the Navy Depart
ment are now being filled; none i>f this coal
Is being shipped from here, . the principal por
tion goes from Australia and British Colum
bia. ■ A few cargoes from Australia have been
ordered to Manila direct for the Government.
There Is no change of values; the market is
•steady, as the amount of fuel being delivered
Is fully equal to the amount consumed. Coast
freights are firm, caused by the retiring of
most of our steam colliers for transports; th«
latest Quoted coal freights from Australia
show a decline. The Btrlke nt the Welsh col
lieries is oecoming very serious, the more so
as a compromise appears unlikely for the mo
ment. The employers and employees met a
few days ago, from which no settlement em
anated. There are still intimations of friction
in Australia, which may develop into a gen
eral strike." -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar .Refining: Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: -Cube, Crushed
i and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, CVic; Candy
j Granulated, Cc; Dry Granulated, l%c; Confec
! tloners' A. -5%c: Magnolia A. &\i&; Extra C,
6%c; Golden C, s^4c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels, Vie ; more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
\ Hogs are. very weak, at the decline already
noted. Beef and Mutton are unchanged.
.Wholesale : rates for ■ dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
CLEF- quality, 6^c; second quality,
sVj<S"6c; third <iuailty. 4V4 ( BSVic.
VEAL— 4<ff&e; small, 6<Jf7c per It).
MUTTON— 7Vj(3>Bc; Ewes. 7@7Vio
P UMB- Spring, S®SV4c per It).
LAMB— Spring, S<ffSV4c per It).
PORK— Hogs, 4%c for large. 4%c foi
medium onr'. 4V4@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2(S'3%c; dressed Hoss, 6©7Vic.
' RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For • Saturday, July 23.
Flour, qr fries ... 7,824 'Hay, tons .. 627
i Barley, ctls 435 ! Hops, bales 63
i Butter, ctls ..... 265 1 Wool, bales ..... -108
; Cheese, ct15"..... 30!EgKS, doz ... 13,800
i Tallow, ctls ..... -12 | Wine,'? gals ..... 30.3:>0
; Beans, sks ....... 475 .Leather, , rolls ... ' 88
i Potatoes, sks ... 2.Z% i Hides, no .;V..v 477
i Onions, sks ..... 440 Pelts, bdls ...... 277
Middlings, sks .. 12S Lumber, ft 13.000
straw, toua ....... lOißrindy. gals .... 2,185
THE STOCK MARKET.
There Is no change worthy of note In mining
stocks.
Local securities were quiet yesterday, with no
fluctuations of importance.
The Elkton Consolidated Milling and Mining
Company of Cripple Creek, has declared its
regular monthly dividend of 2 per cent, payable
July 20. Including this dividend the company
has distributed $:.7G,000 on a capital of $1,000,000.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending July 16 the usual pros
pecting- work was done in the New, Bullion,
East. Main Standard, Black No. 10 and For
tuna ledges, on the 150, 245. 318, 380, 470 and 582
levels. Several of the openings are showing
fair widths of very good ore. The stopes are
j-ielding the usual quantity and quality of ore,
and there is very little change in the general
condition of the mine.
Standard Mill statement— Ore crushed for the
iveek. 2CO tons; average asHay vanner tailings,
fS 43; concentrates produced. 2% tons; assay
i-alue. $169 20; amalgam produced, 1011% troy
>unces; value per ounce, $2 46. Tailings plant
No. 1 treated 374 tons tnllings for the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 23—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.A-k.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51% 52%
Is quar coiip..llP%lll Pac Gas Imp.. 85% *6%
Is quar reg... 109%110% Pac L, Co 49 —
is quar new...125%126% S F G & E... 56% 86T4
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... »*» 31/t
Cal-st Cab ss. 112 - fctock Gas .... 13 —
Cal XI «s 125 — Insurance— __
C C "Wat 55... 97%100 Firem s Fund. 2oo —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks— ■
E L. & P 63.. 128 — |An«rlo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65.114 — Bank of Ca1. .243 247%
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 Cal SV & T.. 96 97
HC & S 5V45..100 105 First Nat .••••200 —
L A L Co 6s. - 100 Lon P & A.. ..127% -
Do gntd 65..— 101 Her Exchenge 10 1j
Market-si 65.. 124 — Nev Nat 8....156 162%,
Do Ist M 55.. 114 115 Savlnes Banks—
Sat Yin 6s lsts — 57% Ger S L L.. — 1600
S' CNG Ry 75.104 — Ilium S & L..1050 1160
STS T Ry Cal 65..10S — Mutual Say. — 42%
S" Ry Cal 55.. 102 102% 8 F Say U.. 480 —
S'PCRR 55. 100 102% p& L 50.... — 100
>ak Gas 55.... 100 — ISecurity S B 265 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 109% Union T Co. looo —
Dm Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
P & O Cs.-....107 — California ....106 108
P&CI Ry 63.103 — Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65... 119 — Market-st .... 53 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6% 8
Sac Elecßysf«.loo — I Powder—
3F& N P 55. 106% — California ....145 160
BierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 86 —
3Pof Ar 65.. 104 — Giant Con Co. 48V 49
3 T Cal Cs — 113 Vlgorlt 3 3Vi
SPC Is c«r 55.. 94 — I Miscellaneous—
S P Br 65.... 114. 116 Al Pac Assn.. 94 94%
3 V Wat 45...102V 102% Hana P C 0.... 15% 15%
3 V Wat 4s ..102%— Ocr I.d Wks..W> _
Stock Gas .100 — HCJi S Co.. 23% 23%
Water Stocks— Hutcb S P Co. 50% 50%
Contra Costa... — 55 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
tforln Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98 95% Oceanic S Co. 57' i. 57%
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2Yi
"ent Gaslight. 105 — Pac Bot C 0.. ..100 104
Mutual El Co. — 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder Con 4S 25
40 do do 48 00
10 do do 4S 12%
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 62%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 87%
100 do do 23 75
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
i: S F Gas & Electric Co S6 75
10 Spring Valley Water 98 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 Spring Valley Water 98 00
• 6 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Con Cal & Va.. 36 1 100 Mexican 13
>00 Justice 05 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 23—12 m.
Bid.Aßk. Julia — 02
Bid.Ask. Justice 04 05
Alpha — 03 Kentuck 03 04
Alta OS 09 Lody Wash ... — i 2
A.ndes 04 05 Mexican 12 14
Belcher 11 12 Occidental 50 65
Best & Belcher 17 19 Ophlr 16 IS
iullkin — 05 Overman 05 06
Caledonia — 20 Potosi 16 17
•hollar 16 17 Savage 12 14
Challenge Con. — 14 Seg Beloher ... — 05
:>nfl<lence — 40 Scorpion 01 —
iron Cal & Va. 35 36 Sierra Nevada. 45 47
.v.n Imperial .. — 03 Silver Hill .... 03 05
>own Point ... 04 05 Syndicate ...'... — 03
'on New York. — 03 Standard 140 —
Eureka Con ... — 20 L'nlon Con 16 19
Exchequer — 03 Utah 02 04
3ould & Curry. 06 07 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
Hale & Norcrs. 45 49
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock. M ! T. ] W. ]
Vlpha I 02 02|....)
Vita OS 08 03
Vndes .., 03 03| 04
Jelcher 08 1 09| 10
3est & Belcher 12 IS IT
3ulllon 03 03 03
■alerlnr.la 19 19 20
Challenge 10 13 14;
15 18 15
"on Cal & Va 36 37 40
"Ymfldence 20 21
7rown Point 03 05- 04 1
■}nuld & Curry 08 07 05
lale & Norcross 48 45 46
ilt-xlcan 09 09 10
>phlr 14 13 17
Overman 03 03 03
>rlflental 65 56 63
Potosi 16 15 16
savage 10 11 12
seg Belcher 03.... ....
Standard 1 40 1 40 1 40
Sierra Nevada 421 41 46J
L'nlon 16 16 20
Jtah C 2 02 02
fellow Jacket 09 1 09 1 12 1
Nnrne of Stack.
| T. i r | 8.
~\~~
! OS OS 08
03 03 04
11 11 11
15 16 17
"20 "l 9 '.'.'.'.
; 12 12 ....
151 151 16
3S 36 36
21 35 ....
1 05| 05 04
I 051 05 05
47; 47 45
12 11 13
14 16 16
05 03 05
53 60 60
16 16 16
1?. 12 12
i'4'6 i'4'6 i'4o
46 44 i 45
1 19 IS 16
! 02 02 02
12| 12 14
T
r
THE AFRIDI A3 A FIGHTER.
The Times of India, in reviewing the
present situation on the frontier, deals
with the value of the Afridl as a fight
ing man. It says: 'Much has been
said about the Afridi, and we have al
ways been led to believe that he is the
finest fighting material that the fron
tier produces. Since the operations at
thp close of last year, we think that
this opinion has undergone somewhat
of a change, and most men who took
part in the campaign into Tirah have
not the same opinion with which they
started as to the worth of the Afridl
as a fighting man. That he has a won
derful eye to a country, and is a mag
nificent shot, cannot be denied,' but it
is doubtful if he has the sterling fight
ing qualities of the Sikh for instance,
even when well led; indifferently led he
certainly has not. He is wanting in
that dash and stolid indifference to
harm which makes the reliable fight
ing man. The Tirah campaign has, I
think I can safely say, found the Afridi
much more deficient in dash than the
Swati and Bajourl men, infinitely
worse armed and considered Infinitely
less warlike. Of course the argument
may be used that It is a soldierly qual
ity to do as much damage as you can
at a minimum of risk to oneself. That
is so, and in the harassing tactics the
Afridis scored heavily, but they were
absolutely wanting in that dash which
would have, if successful, had decided
results. They harassed all they knew,
but the united effect was small, where
as if they had had sufficient heart they
could have made a bid for the annihi
lation of many detached portions of the
invading force."
THS CALL CAiENDKa.
July. ISO 3.
Mo
iPr.
I
Moon* Phass*
/»> Pall Mooi.
W Jnly »
4
U
.
i
vjuftrwjr.
U- July ia
,iji Ktw Mooa, .
YiP July 10
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of ti.e United States Hydrographic
Office, locuted In the Merchants' Exchange, it
maintained In Kan Franclgco lor the benefit of
mariners , without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete eets of charts and Ball-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison * and reference, and the. latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Stgna!
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
- A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
tn the morning papers the following day
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Kns!«rn (rptlrprtt. U. S. N.. In, charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lo,
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
tw>nty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the sanw at both places.
SUNDAY, JULY 2i.
Sun rises S: O6
Run sets 7:26
Moon sets 10:04 p. m.
i Time Time
Feet. F
jH W L W
, 2:3S 4.3 8:35
i 3:3S 3.9 9:IC
; 5:05 3.6 10:01
1 6:50 • 3.4 10:59
L, W H W
i 1:05 0.2 8:25
i 2:0? —0.3 9:3S
I 3:04 —0.7! 10:30
Feet.
L W
Time iTtme
reet. Feet. I Feet.
HWL W _
1.3 3:14 5.2 3:41 1.8
1.7 3:52 5.3 10:48 1.1
2.3 4:36 Z. 4' 11:58 0.7
2.7 D:2S 5.6|
L. W H W
3.6 10:"". 8.1 6:26 5.7
3.9 1:18 8.2 7:30 5.9
4.2 2:25 8.2 8:3l| 6.1
is'OTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
kand column' and the successive tides of the
day In th* nrd»r of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of.
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .mnd column gives the
Inst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
jrlven are -additions to the soundiners on th«»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus pi;cn — ) precedes the heltcht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the dep'h given by the charts. The plane of
referenre is the moan of thp lower low water*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
lolumbla [Portland IJuly 24
'omona j^an Diego July 24
Itania Nanalmo July 24
.eelanaw jSt. Michael 'July 25
"ulton Portland [ufy 25
I'alla Walla...! Victoria & Pug-et Sound! July 26
[omer INewport July 2S
! Chlna and Japan July 2G
'hllkat iHumboklt IJuly 26
ni!am?tte ISeattle UulV 26
I'elllngton Departure Bay 'July 27
lariposa ISydney Uoly 27
rumhoirit St. Mlohapl IJuly 28
taterallfornlaiPortlaml July 2S
nnta Rnsa San Dlepo IJuly 28
tascent City... Crescent City IJuly 28
lackinaw taornna fuly 2S
rcata [Cocm Bay 'July 28
an Bias 'Pnnama July 28
rizaba SHumboldt ' Jul>* 29
loos Kay 'Nowpr.rt July JO
■matilla Victoria & Putrpt SoundfJuly 31
r orth Firk Huroboldt Aug. 1
'lllamook ISt. Michael iAug. 1
racp Dollar... St. Michael ■■ Aug. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. j Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
rcata ..... Coos Bny [July 24, 10 am I Pier 13
'oos Bay...l Newport ■ July 24. P amjPler 11
tueen ! Vlc & Pi?t Sd. July 23. 10 am Pier 9
irlzaba . IHumboldt .... July 25. 10 amiPler 9
forth Fork Humboldt July 26, 9am Pier 3
olumbia ..(Portland July 26, 10 amlPier 12
omona ...\lHan Diesro IJuly 26. 11 amlPier 11
iaellc China Japan! July 26. 1 pmIPMSS
tarbuck ..'Panama IJuly 28. 12 m PMSS
romer INewport IJuly 28. 9 am!PiPr II
hilkat ....JHUmboldt ....IJuly 2S, 9 ami Pier IS
■ulton Oregon Ports. l July 28. Bam|Pier2o
anta Rosa Diego IJuly 30, 11 ami Pier 11
tate if CaUPortlar.d I.Tuly 20, 10 amlPier 12
I'alla W....1V1c & Pgl 3d. IJuly 30, 10 amjPler 3
Steamer.
! Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydra^raphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, July
53. IS9S.
The time ball on th» tower of the new Frrry
buildlnp was dropjied at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the ',20th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHARLES P. WELCH.
Ensten (retired). T P. N . In chare*.
SHIPPING IATELLIGBXCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 23.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 20 hours frm Eureka.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 16 hours from Whites
bo ro.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 8 days from Seattle.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 23.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Tacoma: P I Co.
Br etmr Ningchow, Cross. Nanaimo; Welch
& Co.
Nor stmr Urd. Hansen, Port Townsend; M J
Brandenstein & Co.
Bktn Geo C Perkln? Maas, Champerico; Chas
Nelcnn.
Schr Kodlak, Thomas, Kodiak; Alaska Com
mercial Co.
SAILED.
. Saturday, July 23.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Manila
via Honolulu.
Ptmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Washtenaw. Crosscup. Tacoma.
Ptmr Cleone. Miller, Albion, with hktn Geo
C Perkins In tow.
Nor stmr rd, I Hansen. Port Townsend.
Ptmr Mlneola, David, Taci-ma.
BUtn Geo C Perkins, Maas. Champerico via
Albion, in tow of stmr Cleone.
Schr Neptune. Estvold. Usal.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Benedlkt
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 23, 10 p. Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity S miles.
CHARTERS.
The Ardeneraig loads wheat for Cape Town.
The Geo C Perkins loads redwood at Albion
for Champerico: Mary Dodge, redwood at Al
bion for La Paz.
The Glenelvan loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 32a.
SPOKF.X.
July 15—37 57 7 50 40 W, ship Tlllie.E Star
buck, from Philadelphia for Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— July 23— Schr Barbara
Hernpter. hence July 19.
TATOOPH— July 22— Br bark Veritas.
from Honolulu for Chemainus.
PORT TOWNPEN'D— Arrived July 23— Schr
Queen, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed July 23— Schr Ve
ga for San Frai.ctsco.
TATOOSH— Paf-ed July 23— Ger ship Par
chlm. from Port Biakeley for United Kingdom.
CASPAR— Arrived July 23— Stmr Jewel, from
San Pedro.
Sailed July 23— Schr Abbie. for Redondo.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 23— U S 6tmr Com
modore Perry, for cruise.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 23— Brig Court
nfv Ford, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived July 23— Schr Edward Parke,
hence July 18.
COOS BAY— July 23— Schr Viking, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 23— Stmr Scotia, hce
July 21.
Sailed July 23— Str Pasadena, for San Pedro;
6chr Eclipse, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed July Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— July 22— Str
Alcazar.
Palled July 22— Ptmr Alcatraz
PORT— Palled July 23— Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 23— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July 20 for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived July 23— Schr Esther
Buhne. hence July 15; schr Lottie Carson, frm
San Dleg-o: schr Alice, from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG-Sailed July Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 23— Stmr Sequoia, hence July 22.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed July 22— Ship Shenan
douh, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 21— ship Indian
Empire, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed July 22— Br ship Caw
dor, for Newcastle, Eng; Br ship MacMlllan,
for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 20— Br str Olym
pla. from Tacoma.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 22— Br ship Drum
cralfr, for San Francisco.
WELLINGTON. N Z— Sailed July 21— Br str
Aorangl, for Vancouver.
HULL— Arrived July 21— Br ship Glenogil
hence Feb 16.
IPSWICH— July 21— Br ship Errol,
from San Diego.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived T '•- 22— ship Pyre
nees, hence Mar 14.
MANlLA— Arrived prior to July IS — Br ship
Ellen A Reed, from Newcastle, NSW
PERNAMBUCO— July 22— Br ship
Puritan, from Oregon for Queenstown; put in
to land injured sailor.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrtved July 22— Br ship
O- romene, from Oregon.
KOBE— Sailed July 18-Br. Btmr Alton, for
Taeoma. .
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed July B— Nor bark
Rekeby Hall, for Panama. o-^or DarK
PANAMA-Sailed July 8-Br bark Cambrian
arrlor, for Caieta Buena.
NICOLAEFSKI-Arrived July 20-Schr John
D Tallant hence Ma
he^ce FebT9 ArrlVed July "- Br ship Conishead.
HAVRE-Arrived JUly 23-Nor bark Impera
tor. from Seattle.
_SHANGHAI-Palled July 22-Br bark Largo
B&y, for Oreeon. ■
FALMOrTH-Sr.ilecl July 23-Br ship Auck
land, for Galvray.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tram June .1, ISio, trains will run aa follows:
South-bound. | North-bound.
Pasßen- I Mixed. Mixed, ! Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday I ger.
Dally. jExc'pted tloas. Exc'pted| Daily.
7:20 amj 9:00 aml Stockton 'j 3:45 p mi 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced '12:51 pm; 3:53 p m
10:40 amj 3:50 p m Frecno i 9:30 aml 2:2'> p m
11:35 am, 6:45 p m HantonJ T:4fi a:n 123 p m
2:46 p m|ll:50 p m Bkrsfl.l I 2:30 a m|10:15 a m
t?:06 p in, 750 p m Visalia i 6:40 a m|l2:5S pra
Stopping at Intermediate points an re-iulred.
Connections— At Ptnckton with steamb
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving Sun Francisco and Stockton at i
P- m. dally, excepting Sunday from Pan Fran-
cisco; at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs, CoultervUle. Yosemite, etc.; alsc
with stage from Hornltoa, Majiposa. etc.; at
Lankerehim wltb. augv to aad from Madera.
, BAELB.OAD TRAVEL.
<«ii:ti(i:k.\ i*At:inv to3irAJ(T.
jrACinc syhtbj«.)
I Irniaa knn- iuml »r«- <!(■«• to mrlve at
KAN KKAKCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of MarUfct Street.)
leave — FnoJi July 10. 1395. — arrivi
•G:OOa Nllea, Sau Jose and Way Stations... •»i-13a
7:OO Kenicia, Suisun and S»cramento . . . 10:45 a
7:«><>a Maryayllie. Urovilie ami Uedding ria
Woo-Iland 5:45p
7:00 a. Elmlra, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, Sau lUmon, Vallejo, Napa,
<;»!i*t«ga»iidSat>t& Rosa 6:15j-
N:«Oa Atlniti Express, Ogilmi and Kaat.. Bsl3p
h.'»ii« San .Jose, Htooktou, Valley Spring,
lone, SacrHineiito, M»ry«Tille,
1 (■hico. T"hii!iia ami Ited 1t1uf1.... 4:l^i-
H-.:iO\ I'oters, Oakdale »nd Jamestown 7:l3i>
•X.-30A. Milton •7ll»l
»:OOa New Orleans Ripracs, Merced. Vre»-
no, Bakerelioi'l. Santa lUrliara,
],<« Aiiß.-1.-n. Deinixg, Xl l'a.lo,
New Orleans and East- 6t4-1|
1O:OOa Vr.llcJ.i, Martinez and Way Stations 7545 i
•I:OOFHacr«imento Hirer Stenmrrs •»:«(>!
San Jose, Nflei »o<l Way Stations... JV.-13.4
2:OOr LiTermore, Merjdota, llauford *nd
Vls»;:i» 4:13 i
Livermore, 8»n Jose, Nflesand Way
Stations {1«:15a
4:OOi> Mitrtinez, Kan Itamon, Vallejr>.
Napa, ('Hllntoiiti, 101 Veiano and
Santa lto«a »ilS*
i 4:OOp Benioia, Vaca»llle, Womliand,
Knights I.hikHii^. Muryarille, Oro-
j Tillf and H:i.-j-B.mMito 10:43*
4:«'»p NIleH. San Jiwe, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 3?
4:30p Stockton and Lodi 18:15?
*:341r Lathrop, HoUesto, Merced, Fresno,
Moj&re, Sar.ta Barbara and i..wi
Ani!^l..» 7i43a
4:30p Martlaez. Merced (Raymond (or
Yoseinito) and Fresno 12:15p
4i:»Op Hanta IV Kout«. Atlantic ICxpreßS
for Moja»B »v.l Ka«t 0:13e
fi:Oi»r Knr<nK;aii Mnil, Ogdun aud Knst.... «.»:4.-v,
•M:OOr Valleja ". IBil.li
«i««li- lUyunrtK Mlresn.l HmiJom 7:4r M
17: OOp Vsllejo, I'ort Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jo:4"kp
&iOl>i< Or.g..n Kxi>i.-h« Sacramento, Marys,
vill-, rte.Mm& I'ortUud, I'ngft
I S.ii.ii.l aii.l i::.»t S:lsa
I SAJi l.KA.\i>Uo AM) lUVWAU»> I.iMAI,.
(Koot oJ Market Street.) ■
1 Melr«iM», VriNiiiary I'ark, f 7:13 a
j S:O«a niclilmrs, KlmiiiirHt. I*»:-I3*
iS : S2* S»n 1.^in.1i... Smiili San \ iV'i-*
iVIZi, I^^ro. KUndil.o, j I'! 1 ,-
tia:«»M f Lorenzo, Cherry • tUiSv
t»:Oi»p «n.i J2:|-»p
.■}:«»«!• HnjiTHnU. 0:45r
7:O»p |{ Runs tliron,'li Ui Xiles 7:S3p
! ) t From Nileg
! COAST IMVIMON f.Nurron (iauße).
(Foot ut Market Street.)
I J7:43a Santa <.'r'.i7 Kir-iu-^lon, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ... JS»«3p
8:I5a Nfrwart < l i!nti:rviilcBan Jofi.-.Folton,
BonlderOri ck.nHntaCnuaod Way
(Mattons SlSOr
j •2:15p Newark, Ot.torville, San Jofe. New
Almadon. Feltcn, Itnnlder Or»-ek,
Santa C'nn and I'rincipal Way
Stations -10:30*
4:13p San Joko. Hl^nwood k Way Stations 9:20*.
I o4: 1 KnuMrr Oreo k»nd Hn.T.ta Oniz jt»:a»,\
i CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
: rrom HtiNCiSCO— Tn'- <■'■ lUrktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:011 A.M. tl:00 *2:C3 J3:CO
•i:00 JS:O0 *6:00i # .«.
from 04IU1ID— raot of Brondwaj.— '6:oo 8:00 ]0:OOa.m.
1 12:00 *I:00 , t2:00 *3:00 tl:03 "3:03i'.«.
, ' COAST DIVISION (Broad Oauge).
j (Third and Towwerwl St«.;
' •7:«Oa San .lose »n.l \\ ny Stßti..im (New
Alniaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
; 17::tl»A Sumi.iy Etcurgion for 3*n Jo 3*",
Si'.ts. Cruz, Pscific Groiu and
rriuclpal Way SUtions. J»:33p
9:00 a Hall J.me. 'i'rc» l'h.os. Hmtlrt Oriot,
Pacilic (ir.it.). I'asn Hubl. r. Sum
l.iiin 1)Ii1h|io, liiiadalii|«. Surf and
rrincl|»l W»j Htatfa.ns 4:lOr
limilA San .loSßim.l \V»y Stati.HM *»:it«A
I1::«>a 8»n J.se anil Way Stations *8:33 a
i *:t:43r San Mate<>, Uedwood, Mt-nlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, H»n .limo,
i Ullr.iy, Holiiatet, Hoiita Om«,
Bitlinas, Mourerey and I'actfic
Crt.re •l«: 3««
•:|::SO|. Han .lose and W»y Stall.. us *9:<»O A
*4:13|- Josean.l Principal Way SUUcmi 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
9:^Or Ran. l. .at- ami Principal W.iy Stations 3:30p
SsSOrfiftu J™-hii.l W»y»Mittnna 7:30p
<11:43 - Smi .lose mul Way Stations 7:30p
A for MnriiliiK P for Afternoon.
•Sundays pirc|ir.t-.l ! Sundays only, f .Satiirii:«jß only
j Sundays and Mo'idayn. a Saturdays and Sundnyg.
SAN FRAHOiSCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
I TUMTOfs f>*mr« ■*••* mt 4J«rli«t St.
! SA.V FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAfAEL.
WEEK DAYS— HTdO. U:00 a. rr,. ; U:JS.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. jaaturdaya— E*tra trips at l:a*
and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:00, 8:30, 11:00 a.« m.; 1:30. *:*>.
6:00, 6:20 p. m -
BAN IiAFAEL TO SAN FKANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— (S:IO, 7.-50. >:2<*. 1L:1O a. m.; 12:44.
8:40, 6:10 p. r.i. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
EUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between £ar. Francisco and Scbuetsen Par*
same schedule as above.
Ltave I Arrive
Ean Francisco. I In Effect Sar. Francisco.
■ ■ — ■ ! June 29. •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. I days. Destination. ( days. I Pays-
7::'.u ami .".:00 ami Novato, 110:40 ami fc:4o ana
3:30 prnl 9:30 am Petaluma, J 6:10 pml 10:25 am
6:1" pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, £7:3:. pm| 6:22 pro
I Futton. j '
. 7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 axa
Hpaldsburg.
Lyttoa.
Geyserville,
S:3O pm 8:00 am; Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 6:22 Dm
7:3u am jHopland andl 10:23 am
3:30 pmf 8:00 am( Uklah. I 7:35 pm 6:2.' pm
7:30 am ] F10:25 am
S:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| | __^ 6:22 pm
<:3u iim 8:00 amf Sonoma 10:40 ami sMU aia
I and ]' |
Js_:lo pinf 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. ' 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8.00 ami Sebastopol. il0:40 amllO:2i ani
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| I 7:33 pm, C:2i pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprinps. at L.ytton lor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
*erville for Skaggs Sp>-ings; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopl^nd for Duncan Springs,
Hifrhlaii'! Springs, Kelseyviile. Carlsbad
Springß, Scda Bay, Laiieport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring's, Saratoga
Springs, Blue i^akes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Pon.o. Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights
Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond san Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. fi r -0 Market St.. CtironlH- bM«;.
X. W. FOSTER, R. X RYAN,
Pre 3. and Gen. Manajrer. Gen. Pass. Apeat.
i ',
; Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. .
i Every Day Pullmnn Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Franclsco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:13 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rutes.
\r\y will, BF C^WFOOTARLK
If You TraveJ on the Santa Fe.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKEfoFFICE— 628 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN* 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broad-way.
Sacramento Offioe- 2)1 J Street.
San Jo3e Offioe— 7 West S&ata Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via SatisaHto Ferry.
From San Fran^^o ,n S May 1, a*.
iror Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *$:QO,
•9*30. 11^00 a. m.; »I:4S. 3:20, i:M. 6:15. •fi:t(J.
6 'SO d ni-
i Extra "trips for San Rarael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at U:S«
*" m ' SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:00,
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. '1:45. -2:30. »i:oSi
6:30. 6:45 p. m. ' _ . .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San RafaeL
6-30 p m Aoet not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS
1 700 r m. w<v>k days— Cazadero ana way sta'n-i.
1-20 m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-Q^
1:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)-Tomales an 4
wav stations.
|-00a m. Sundays— Caiadero and way stations.
t:<s p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way itiai
BQQHT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SausalU- Ferry.)
Leave San Fraaciaco, cemmencins May V,
1S98:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
1 Sundays— 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
5:30 p. m.
Round trip rrom Mill Valley. SI.
THOS. COOK & SON. Affents. V 821 Mariat
•treet. San . Francisco. '
lllGllliliBOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
BINNIE AND NED IN CUBA.
rIERB was a sharp rattling of
rifles. Bullets sang shrilly as they
tore their way through the
bushes and glanced among the
rocks that studded the Cuban
mesa. A file of soldiers wearing the
Spanish uniform led by a swarthy of
ficer came forward on a brisk run, al
most before the echoes that their rifles
had caused had died away. They for
eook the dusty highway upon which
they had been Btanding when they
fired and having spread out in a thin
line began to look for the man whom
they had shot. On the twigs that had
been broken down by the object of their
marksmanship as he had turned to tlee
were red drops— fresh blood. So then
the riflemen had proved their reputa
tion to being dead shots for a certainty.
But where was he. their victim?
Close to the highway the w
thin. A little back the underbrush was
dense. Briars formed what would Beem
to be an impenetrable fa yond
this hedge the bank sloped steeply down
to the edge of a mountain sti
The riflemen had keen eyes and it did
not take them long to rind the place
where the fugitive had broken through
the thorny hedge. The briars were
adorned b; Mue '-loth and
er? sprinkled with blood. But. try as
hard as they could, none of the Spanish
soldiers could pass through the hole in
"Forward!" shouted their captain
fiercely. "Forward, men! Are you go
ing to stand here all day and let the
rascal escape us? You. Antone and
Quesada, stay here and watch, for th-±
Yankee may be still in hiding. If he
a his head be sure that there is
one Yankee less in Cuba to-night. The
if you come with me. Forward."
Antone and Quesada. two young
Spanish soldiers, at once examined their
rifles. "Have no fear of us, good cap
tain." said Quesada, as he grinned
savagely and showed a row of white
teeth of which he was particularly
proud. "The Yankee, let him show his
head here for an instant. will be a quick
traveler to that place where all the
Vankt-es will soon be if I have my full
will."
Th« and his other followers
I from view, and soon the
sentries heard them crashing
through the woods on the other side of
and shouting angrily. Th»n
there was the sound of a pistol shot and
then another in quick succession. Que
sada fell prone upon his face at the
rt and then Antone, when the
rang the second time, threw up
. mds, spun around in his tracks
and dropped amon°- the bushes. Neither
iead, but both were badly hurt.
From a tree nearly over their heads
dropped a spare, slim figure dressed in
a blue suit. On the head of this per
son, who was the one who had fired
the shots that had laid the sentries
low, was a broad sombrero. Such a
face! The eyes were gray and fear
less, and had withal an expression of
good sense. The sombrero, thrown
partly back, showed a broad and high
forehead, which was smooth and indi
cated very young manhood. Around
the ample brow clustered a mass of
curling hair, dark brown in color. The
mouth was large and firm, but had a
queer little curl at the corners, hinting
that its daring owner possessed a share
of reckless fun, and regarded all things
from the standpoint of a laughing phil
osopher. The nose was straight and
finely molded. The ears were small.
Altogether this was a fine looking
young man, for while his figure was
spare. It was finely knit and unques
tionably athletic.
"I had to do it or be killed myself,"
said the young man. "There was no
other way to save my own life, for
these sentries would have had no more
pity for me than they would for a wild
beast had they ever happened to see
me. Not that I am looking much for
pity. Ah, what have we hei
Something that sparkled in the after
noon sun caught the glance of the
brave young fellow. He bent over and
seized the glittering object.
"Ah," said he with a sudden start
and a look of pain, "it is the lovely
Donna Julia. Let me open the locket."
From a niche under Donna Julia's pic
ture fluttered out a piece of paper
upon which something was written.
This was quickly seized. The next in
stant the two sentries were left alone.
The bushes were moved slightly and
then all was silence. But now the
Spanish captain and his followers came
once more upon the scene. The Span
iards were intent upon finding out who
had fired the shots of which they had
heard the reports. Two shots meant
to them that both sentries had fired,
and they returned, expecting that they
THE BUMPKINS SET ABOUT BUILDING THEMSELVES A SNAKE PROOF PHILIPPINE HOUSE FOR THEIR HEADQUARTERS.
would find the Yankee whom they
sought, and that he would have been
shot by both of the sentries. But when
they saw their wounded sentries their
rage was overpowering.
Ramon, the captain's lieutenant, went
to Quesada and raised his head and
then went to the prostrate form of An
"My comrades," he said, "who
can have done this?"
The Spanish captain was fierce for
the d- . of the mysterious Yan
kee. He shrewdly guessed that the
Yankee had doubled upon his tracks
and had come back through the thicket
while a search was making for him
on the other side. This was the truth,
but the captain had guessed the solu
tion of the riddle too late. The Span
ish bullets had come uncomfortably
close to the American. One had grazed
his right shoulder, and it was his blood
that had stained the pathway In the
woods. He had worked his way
through the hole in the hedge and then,
knowing all the secrets of woodcraft
anJ Indian tricks, he had kept perfect
ly still while the voices of his pursuers
died away in the distance and only tho
Bentrles, who were uttering their
boasts, remained.
Noiselessly, with skill that an Indian
might well have envied, he worked his
way backward, on his stomach, until
he came to a tree with a trunk suf
ficiently large to hide his body. A few
seconds more found him in the tree,
and in such a position that he could.
he sentries plainly, and no branch
or twig was in the way of a perfect
aim. With as much deliberation as
it" there had not been an enemy within
a hundred miles, he examined his pis
tols carefully. He replaced one pis
tol in his belt, and then, with his fn
vorite firearm, took careful aim and
fired twice. It was quite character
istic of him that he did not look to see
whether the first bullet had found an
enemy. He had never missed an aim
in his life.
Now, when so much. In fact, his life.
and a mission that he held very much
dearer than his life, were at stake, his
B were a? steady as if be hail been
made of marble. He was on the ground
almost as soon as he had pulled the
trigger the second time. Then, hav
ing done what has been already de
■ <1. he once more crawled into the
hedge and waited. As soon as the
sh captain and his posse had re
turned to the sentries he emerged from
the thicket on the other side and sped
like an antelope along what would have
seemed no trail to an eye less prac
ti< <d. But he never paused and never
was at fault. Long before the cap
tain had tried to retrieve his mistake
the American was miles distant, and
there was no human being who could
have followed his footsteps, as he took
pains to repeatedly cross and recross
his tracks. Then he broke the scent
by swinging along from limb to limb
iw, overhanging trees. Just as
the sun was setting he found himself
upon the top of a high hill, and in the
heart of a seemingly untrodden wilder
ness. But that savage place had
yielded up all its secrets to the intrepid
lad. He paused a minute and then
uttered a low cry. in imitation of a
mocking bird's whistle.
He waited a minute and listened, and
then repeated the signal. A similar
call was heard. . The next instant a
young boy, whose features marked him
unmistakably as an American, came
into view.
"Well. Binnie," said the second Amer
ican to appear in the story, "what
brings you here? I supposed that you
were already many miles upon your
way."
"I made a good start certainly," said
the one who was addressed as Binnip,
"but a file of Spanish soldiers were in
the way and they narrowly let me es
cape them. I think, from the indica
tions of this day, that it is about time
for us to move, for the Spanish soldiers
did not happen along in this unfre
quented part of Cuba merely by chance.
Home one must have made it a point to
tell the Spanish commander that possi
bly he might find something to interest
him if he would come up here."
"But you have b^en shot, Binnie,"
said the other, noticing his bloody
sleeve for the first time.
"Yes, Ned, the soldiers nearly made
me a non-combata-nt. You know what
that means in Cuba if I had fallen into
the hands of Blanco's men. But I am
not hurt badly, only a flesh wound.
And that does not trouble me much.
Just a day or two of rest while we are
planning and you are reconnoitering
and with the application of some of
your simples I will be as good aa new
once more."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JL T LY 24, 1898.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
The two Americans, while they were
eating their simple evening: meal, not
darin"- to make a fire for fear the smoke
would reveal their hiding place to the
Spaniards, who would be sure to fol
low the trail if they had the slightest
indication to guide them, discussed the
events of the day and both were of
opinion that the chances of success in
the enterprise in which they had on
gaged would be better if they should
seek some other place of hiding for the
present.
As they sit talking we may make a
close study of them. Binnie has re
moved his hat and his extreme youth ia
made plainer than when we first saw
him in the forest. He do.-s not look now
to be older than 17, and that, in point
of fact, is his real age. His comrade
Is as young. He is more heavily built
than Binnie, but he is fully as tall,
about 5 feet and 10 inches. He has
blue eyes and light ilaxen hair. H.s
mouth, like Binnie's. marks him for a
determined spirit and for great courage.
The light of irrepressible fun dam
his eyes as FSinnie tells how cleverly he
outwitted the Spanish captain.
"The mysterious paper that you
found in the locket," said Ned, "let us
look at that."
The writing was in Spanish. That
would not have hindered the knowledge
of ite contents from dawning upon the
searchers for the key of the mystery
had it not been written in a cipher.
I^mg the lads pondered over the writ
ing, and many ways they adopted to
solve its riddle, but all in vain. Their
curiosity was increased by the signa
ture of Blanco at the bottom. Had
they in their possession a message in
trusted to a spy? The fact that th»*
soldier from whom it had been taken
was dressed in the uniform of a Span
ish soldier and that he had been st-rv
ing as a private did not interfere with
this supposition.
Late at night the lad? sought slum
ber, but the cipher message troubled
the sleep of both.
"Wake up, Ned," said Binnie, "I
hay.' the key."
Ned "j't-ned his eyes and found Bin
nie with the mysterious paper in his
hands.
"It is so simple. Ned, that we must
have been stupid not to see it at once.
"And what does It say, Binnie?
"Here it is:"
To all trusty Spaniards to whom this
may come, greeting. The bearer is • n
trusted with the task of seizing and
bringing to me Donna Julia Velasquez
: ughter of the « hiban dog, I
Velasquez, who has stored in some
■ arms and ammunition, the !■
of which is known to Donna Julii alone
Permit the bearer freely to pass and with
out question. BLANCO.
"And so themanf-rom whom you took
this writing was to carry away Donna
Julia?"
"So it soems."
"How did he come by her locket?"
"That we will learn soon, I hope."
"To-morrow?"
"Yes, to-morrow."
The boys once more slept and were
not roused again until daylight. They
at once ate their breakfast and planned
their day of work and adventure.
D. H. W.
( To be Continued.)
MARGARET'S DOLL HOUSE.
BY ESTELLE BAKER.
MARGARET wanted a doll's
house — "a real, truly doll's
house" — with the walls all pa
pered and carpets on the floor,
just as it was in her little room.
Margaret ;s a little California girl and
she is s years dd. She has sweet brown
eyes, a. winsome face and long, brown
curls.
Her parents are not poor, but never
theless they are not rich enough to buy
her a doll's house like those they sell
in the toy stores. So her brother, Will,
told her he would make her one. Will
is just 1") and he is a real good brother,
as you will soon see.
One Friday afternoon when Will got
home from school Margaret asked him
if he would next day build hei a doll's
house and he said "Yes," if she would
find him a bis^ box. Bo Margaret went
next door to Mrs. Davis and asked for
one. Mrs. Davis had promised her one
and so she gave here a great box in
which she had packed some things
when she came from New York. It
was so big that Margaret could lie
down in it and still have plenty of
; in which to kick about.
Then she got Eddie Davis and Charlie
ards to drag the big box over to
her hous^. They put the little Davis
baby Lucille Into it and pulled her over
to Margaret's bouse. She laughed and
crowed while having her ride In the
box.
Then, the next morning, when Mar
garet awoke she found that Will had
gone into the back yard and was mak
ing the doll's house.
She slipped her clothes on just as
quick as she could and ran out to Bee
how he was getting on. He had pro
cured some wall paper from some in
cured some wall paper from the
cellar and in the farther end of
had turned the box on its side and then
nailed some redwood blocks .1
until the box was divided into three
parts, kitchen, parlor and bedroom. He
had palnrled ihe kitchen floor red, and
stretched a piece of rag tightly from
one end of the dining room to the other
• and made it a carpet.
Th"?i he cut the wall paper into
pieces to fit the walls and ceiling and
pasted tlv.m on. Then he took his
saw and cut a square hole in the back
room for a window.
Margaret wondered what she wou)d
do f"r furniti^re. So he pave her oO
cents to buy some at the candy store,
where she could get paper furniture
filled with candy. The parlor set was
of paper and cost her 10 cents. The
remainder of the money was spent In
buying things for the kitchen.
When Margaret brought them home
"Will helped her cut the furniture out
and place It in the rooms. Then Will
got ?i few pieces of muslin fmm his
mother and cut them into squat
thai they were window curtains.
Then the house was finished and Mar
garet placed her dolls in it. Mamma is
soon going to get her a li tie piano for
the parlor and papa thinks the doll
house is just too cute for anything.
FAIRIES IN THE DELL
BY RUTH EMILY CROCKER.
The flowers grow in little beds
Within this mossy glade;
The violets droop their modest heads,
The rose is here arrayed.
'Tis pretty in this dainty place,
Scene of the fairies' ball—
Tne Ladles dressed in silks and lace
And they are sweet and tall.
The men are dressed in purple velvet
Made by fairies' hands
Th..-ir huts are in the latest style
And have black ribbon bands.
Their supper Is of honey dew
And berries ripe and sweet
They eat and then they dance again
With tiny, tripping feet.
Oh, fairies, dainty, shy and young;
In s-ecret do you dance.
.Why don't you let us see you? Oh!
We long to get one glance.
The reason must be you're so shy
And much afraid of us,
But now I will be going, so
I will not stop to fuss.
The Troy Times tells of a little girl
who had been naughty. When bedtime
c;;;nc her mother said to her: "Now,
Mabel, when you your prayers, be
sure to ask God to help you not to be a
naughty little girl." Mabel promised
that ph-' would aud this petition to her
r-riyers; so when she had finished her
usual form she spoke as follows: "And
now, God, please keen Mabel from be
ing a naughty little girl." There was a
pause, then she concluded: "Never
theless, thy will, not mine, be done!"
FRISCO'S SOLDIERS.
BY G. M. BARTHOLD.
' Frisco's soldiers were the first to go,
And you can rest assured they were not
slow:
And you can bet they'll fight that mean
Spain
For blowing up our battleship, the Maine.
PUZZLE— FIND THE FLAYER'S MONKEY.
From the Baltimore American.
THE IMPRISONED DOLLY.
BY CHARLES A. KEELER.
I've a deir little dolly-
Shut up in a book,
"Who's always BO jolly
Whenever I look
That mamma has told me
If r<! be bo gay
She never would scold me
Or send me away.
It must be so dreary
Between the dark leaves;
I'm sure she gets weary
And laugha in her sleeves!
Altho' ii is folly,
I'll tear out the page
And let my dear dolly
Step out of her cage.
THE CELEBRATION.
BY ALMA S. BEMENDERFER OF ANGELS CAMP.
THE Rollins farm, on which Sam
and Jake lived with their parents,
is situated in the Sacramento Val
ley, far from any large town. As
the boys had few friends they
hailed with delight their cousin, Jim
Hobson, who came from San Francisco.
He had expected to visit them on the
Fourth of July, but was sick, and so
did not arrive until some days later.
In the meantime the news had come
that the Spaniards had surrendered at
Santiago de Cuba, and so Jim brought
along his fireworks, which he had not
been able to use on the Fourth, his
purpose being to celebrate the surren
der of Santiago. The fireworks were
packed in a plain wooden box, on
which, for fun, he marked in large let
ters, "Dynamite — Please Handle With
Care," an order the trainmen obeyed
to the letter.
His trip was so pleasant he was al
most sorry when the cars stopped at
the station, where he was met by
Sam and Jake with a large farm wag
on. They were surprised when they
learned what the box contained. On
the way home Jake remarked: "I say,
Tom, what do you suppose father will
say about those fireworks? We were
forbidden to buy any, for since the
Rogers sheep range burned over he is
very careful."
"Nonsense," laughed Tom. "Why I
intend to set them off on the river
away down on the swamp. He could
not say no to that any how, for that
is a safe place; and, for my part, I
don't see the use of telling him about
it. We are old enough to manage a
little fun like that without burning any
one out. Sam, you are 15, Jake is 13
and lam 16. Just put the box in the
barn, or any place. It will not spoil
till we celebrate."
All doubts were swept away by this
argument, and on reaching home the
box was hid in the barn under the hay.
That evening, while sitting on the
porch, Sam pointed to a little cabin
a half mile away, but in plain sight
from where they were. "See that place,
fellows? Well, the queerest old chap
lives there; a regular old curio. I am
going to take you up and show him to
you some day. He has planted all
sorts of thing's, and not enough of any
one kind to make it pay. His clothes
are always patched. Ouess he does it
himself, and the way he putters around
and tries to irrigate with that old
windmill makes me laugh. He has
been here three months; bought eighty
acres of land. That plowed around
to one side of the cabin is his."
"Boys," paid Tom suddenly, "would it
not be a splendid joke as we are going
to the river to give him a taste of the
fun just on the plowed ground.
We could not hurt anything there, and
to see him poke his head out of that
window to see what is going on would
be more fun than a picnic."
They all laughed at the mere idea.
"Now," remarked Sam, "all we need
to do is to arrange the contents of that
box in a basket. Those we will need
first on top.
This was soon done, the mischievous
boys selecting giant fire crackers, as
they could be arranged on a long fuse
and set oft" with dispatch. After dark
the boys crept along by the timber,
which threw weird shadows over the
cabin and plowed ground. With care
a long line of fuse and fire crackers was
laid by the cabin.
"Hand me that punk," whispered
Tom, as he felt around the basket
hunting for the end of the fuse. But
he never found it. As Sam was about
to do as directed some sparks from the
end of the punk fell into the basket.
In an instant the whole place was lit
up. Roman candles, blue lights, sky
rockets, fire crackers, pin wheels,
bombs, etc., were discharged in all di
rections and the fields were raked over
as if there was a battle. The fire crack
ers going off every second and the blue
lights and smoke giving the scene a
weird, grotesque appearance. The boys
were taken by surprise and, very much
singed and powder-burned, they tried
to put out the small fires started in the
Stubble and short grass, running to
the pump for water and trying to beat
them out with wet sacks. They had
nearly succeeded till it got into the tall
grass and was fanned up by a steady
breeze toward the house and buildings.
The boys heard some one shout, and
looking around saw the old man run
ning toward them. In a short time by
his help the fire was extinguished, but
not before it had cleared the grass from
five acres of pasture land, and been the
means of stampeding some horses in an
adjoining field, who broke through the
fencing out into the road, where they
were soon lost to sight. When all
danger was passed the boys and the
old man went into the house dining
room to get supper and talk it over.
He proved very agreeable, and told
them something of his history, and
they wondered why they ever thought
of making sport of him. It seems he
was an old soldier, and he was making
the place a home for his daughter-in
law and grand-children, for his son
had enlisted to go to Manila.
"And this boy," he said, patting Tom
on the back, "will make a famous sol
dier. He worked like one to put out
that fire, and doesn't seem to mind
burns like some boys."
This praise made Tom feel rather
cheap. But he went on to say, as he
had been to town, he did not see the
fire till he came in sight of the boys
back firing. At this news the boys felt
more at their ease, for they argued he
did not see the celebration. But next
day, while out hunting for the stray
horses, they saw some one who did, a
woodchopper, who lived near the
swamp, but he promised not to tell
their secret.
WE SAID GOOD-BYE
BY CHARLES ELMER UPTON,
PLACERVILLE.
We said good-bye, the fleeting hour*
Have into fortnights grown,
Fair are earth and sky to-day,
Tet my heart is lone.
Yearning for the little folk
Now so far from me,
Longing for the dear old homa
I no longer see.
God grant throughout life's journeylnf
Those tender feet may know
The paths of love and innocence.
That ever upward go.
And surely, when eternal dawn
Illumes the fading sky,
Soul will answer unto soul
Where nono shall say good-bye.
BUMPKINS AND RABBITS.
ALL. the children will see this
morning how hard their good
friend Bronstrup has been work
ing during the past -week to
truthfully picture the new sur
roundings of the Bumpkins who are
on one of the Philippine islands. They
did not reach Manila, as they hoped,
but arrived at an Island which has the
jawcracking name of Tolehtfotseinnuf,
so called by a native chief who had
learned to spell backward when he was
young, and who was the jolliest canni
bal then alive. His songs were so side
splitting that the missionaries called
him Old Tickleriba. He got even with
them at dinner time and left to his chil
dren a soap box full of hymn books,
for which the missionaries had no
further use.
The failure of the Bumpkins to find
Manila explains the lack of Manila rope
to tie the Bumpkin house together with.
But, never mind, there are snakes and
Bronstrup shows how these can be
used. Three rabbits, who are tired of
war, are pictured to-day. Two of them
have fallen in love and Bonnie ia
amused at their attentions. We will
hear more from this trio.
Mamma — Never say you can't
There's no such word as can't.
Tommy— There always seems to be
such word when I ask If I can have
more jelly.
THE BOY LEFT ALONE.
BY JEAN BLEWETT.
It's the lonesofnest house you ever
BE W,
This big gray house where I stay —
I don't call it living at all. at ail-
Since .my mother went away.
Four long weeks ago, and it seems a
ybar;
"Gone home," so the preacher said.
An' I ache in my breast with want
ing her,
An' my eyes are always red.
I stay out of doors till I'm almost
froze,
'Cause every corner and room
Seems empty enough to frighten a
boy,
And filled to the doors with gloom.
I hate them to call me to my meals.
Sometimes I think I can't bear
To swallow a mouthful of anything,
An' her not sitting up there,
A-pourin' the tea an' passin" it
An' laughin' to see me take
Two big lumps of sugar instead of
one,
An' more than my share of cake.
I'm too big to be kissed, I used to
say.
But somehow I don't feel right.
Crawling into bed as still as a
mouse —
Nobody saying good night,
An' tucking the clothes up under my
chin,
An' pushing my hair back, so;
Thingg a boy makes fun of before
his chums.
But things that he likes, you know.
Thorp's no one to go to when things
go wrong —
She was always so safe and sure;
Why. not a trouble could tackle a
boy
That she couldn't up and cure.
There are lots of women, it seems to
me.
That wouldn't be missed so much-
Women whose boys are about all
grown up.
An' old maid aunties, an' such.
I can't make it out for the life of me
Why she should have to go,
An' her boy left here in this old gray
house,
A-needing an' wanting her 30.
I tell you the very lonesomest thing
In this great big world to-day
Is a big boy of ten whose heart is
broke
'Cause his mother is gone away.
3132
HANDLING SHIPS
BEFORE SANTIAGO.
Continued from Page Twenty-four.
boats, mostly of the "improvised" clajss.
Immediate preparations were made for
disembarking the troops. Baiquiri, a
little town with a good harbor, afout
ten miles east of Santiago, was se
lected as the landing place. The town
is defended by two or three batteries,
which it was, of course, necessary to
reduce before the army could land.
General Shafter and Admiral Sampson
decided upon the 22d instant as the day
of disembarkation, and, on the even
ing of the 21at, the admiral issued or
ders for a general bombardment of all
the batteries along the coast, from
Santiago to Baiquiri, on the following
morning.
It may seem somewhat strange to
you that these same batteries need to
be repeatedly bombarded. The reason
Is this: The enemy's guns, with the
exception of those of the Cabanas and
Morro forts, are mounted either behind
extensive earthworks, or on the crest
of a high bluff, so that they just "peep"
over the top. It is a comparatively
easy matter to drive the Spaniards
away from their guns, and thus si
lence the batteries temporarily; but in
order to permanently reduce them it
would be necessary to nit each indi
vidual gun. and this, under the circum-
M;iu<-f.-;, is exceedinglj difficult, even
with the best of marksmanship.
Th • best we have boon able to do is
to drive the Spaniards away from their
batteries temporarily. occasionally
knocking out a gun with a lucky shot.
The general bombardment began
about 7 o'clock yesterday morning (the
22<i) and lasted a couple of hours.
The Scorpion, New Orleans, and four
or five other vessels engaged the ba
teries at Baiquiri, where the troops
were to land. Other vessels were as
signed to each of the batteries along
the coast from that point to Santiago.
We ran In to within LOO yards of the
shore at Baiquiri and opened such a
rapid fire that the Spaniards ceased
firing and deserted their guns inside
or half an hour. We kept up our fusil
lade, however, for a couple of hours,
meanwhile the transports came up be
hind us and prepared to land troops.
The soldiers were full of enthusiasn
eager to land, and could hardly be
kept back until we had cleared the
beach with our -uns. At everj par
ticularly g:o-.>d shot from the ships, they
cheered tis wildly.
Though they were supposed to wait
until the bombardment was over b<
fore landing, the troops came up close
behind us in their boats while the fir
Ing was at its hottest, and long before
it h:. ceased they had begun to land.
My personal station was on the bridg
of the Scorpion, and during the latte
part of the engagement, I had to give
as much attention to keeping the sol
diers out of our line of lire, as I die
to the training of our g-uriß.
An amusing incident occurred whil
the bombardment was still in proTPss
The Twenty-fifth Infantry (colored)
came by in their boats on their way to
the shore, and a.s they -assed us a
band on one of the ships struck up
"All Coons L<>. k Alike to Me," follow
ed by "Ther'il be a Hot Time in the Old
Town To-Night." The Bhout of laugh
ter that went up could be heard above
the roar of the guns. The darkii ap
preciated the joke, too, cheered the
ships, and called out to us "Clear th
way, boys, and we'll do the rest "
So far as I have heard the onl'v cas
ualties on our Bide occurred on the
battle-ship Texas, which hud one man
killed and eight wounded. June 85 \\>
were sent to-day with dispatches' from
the admiral to General Shafter Uc in
formed us that the army was'advanc-
Ing on Santiago, and is now within
seven or eight miles of , ho town. The
advance guard hurl an engagement or
rather a skirmish, with the eVemy 'yes!
terday. We lost twenty men killed
and about J hirty wounded; the Spanish
loss is unknown, but our men found
Spanish broke ranks and fled In dls
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
ly "treet. near Jones.
Rev. E. a. Woods i
Morning— "What I? That in Thy Hand?"
Evening- "Our Nation's Century of Pro-
erman Baptist. Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. 11. L. Dietz
•■ion by the pastor. Evening
Song service and prayer.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third.
Rev. .1. G. Gibson "
iorning -Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing Swmori and Bible instruction.
[amllton Square Baptist, Post Ptreet,
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
[orning— "The Man Under the .'
Evening— "Elijah's Bubject les-
son."
:. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, bet
Pase and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Kirby ,
tornlnn High mass at m:3n o'clock. Even-
ing— Veapera, sermon and benediction.
i. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot
well Bti
Father I*. J. Cummins 1
Mornlna High mass and permnn at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and benedic-
tion.
St. Brendan's.
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent ,
t. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
hard) of Corpus Christl. Alemany and
Father Cottle
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
'•'• i ■ : .. benedli tlon and sermon.
Vorning -High nia?s at 10:80 o'clock. Even-
Ing— \ espers and a sermon.
M.-irnlng— High mass lfcSQ o'clock and ser-
mon by ftev, Fatht-r Casalnl. Evening—
4 o'clock, vespers and benediction.
Saleslan Fathers j
tries, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
stret ts.
Futher Cummtngs
[orning— High mast at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon, \*>!<;iors and benediction.
t. Dominic's. Bush and Steiner streets.
Father j. pious
CC — High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ermon and vespers.
Ing-
t. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
|Morninar— Sermon on the Gospel at 11: hlich
mass at 10:80. Evening— Vespers, benedlc-
j tlon ami sermon.
Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N Btreet.
I l,^
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
.Tesult Fathers
Father P. A. Foley
Morning-High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and vespers.
Morning— Sernv.n by Rev. Father Galla-
gher at 10:30. Evening- Lecture by Father
Moeller on "The Wisdom of the I
Bt. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father P. B. Lynch
Father P. B. Lynch Mnrnlng-Sermon at 11 o'clock by Father
1.-.iich. Evening— Vespere and benediction.
Father P. Scanlan :Mornlng-Hl c h mass at 10:30 oclock.
Evening — Sermon and vespers.
Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
t. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendersast. V. G
[ornlng>7-Rey, C. A. Ramm will preach at
11 o'clock Evening Vespers and a ser-
mon by. Rev. .1. B. Hannlgan.
t. Mary's Church, California and
streets.
Paulist Fathers
Morning Sermon on the Gospel at 11
k. Evening— Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
:. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:80.
! Evening— Serm>m on the Qospel, followed
by vespers and benediction.
St. Paul's,
str<-' ■
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly '
(Morning—Sermon by the pastor at
1 o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
!1
ts. Peter and Paul,
ts.
Filbert and
Saleslan Fathers
tornlnr— High mass at 10:30 o'clock Even-
Ing Sermon, vespers and benediction.
t Peter**, Alabama street, near
fourth. •
_j
Father P. S. Casey
-Sermon on the Gospel of the day.
Vespers and benediction.
Rose, Biannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
fornlng— High mass at 1040. Afternoon—
3 p. m., meeting of the Society of St.
Vincent de Paul.
ir of the Sea. Seventh avenue and
/"bos avel
Father Coyle
Morning— Sermon by the pnstor at high
mass. Evening— Sermon and resfeera.
t. Teresa's, Tennessee and liutte streets.
Father Browne
High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
inon by the pastor; veepera and
Ing— Sermon
benediction.
ur Lady of Vlctolres, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marlst Fathers
—Sermon and high mass at 11
Evening— Vespers, eermon and
ntlon.
Merrltt, Old Bay District Racetrack.
Catholic Truth Society
- ■-. ./:•■ ■'
[nrning— Military mass at 7:30 o'clock,
/evening— Rosary and benediction at 7:30
o'clock.
. ■ ;
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Twelfth'
n<-v. F. B. Ford
iMornlng— Sermon by Chaplain Williams of
the Fifty-first Regiment of Volunteers
Evening— Sermon By Rev. William Hub-
boll.
West Side Christian, Bush street,
.iero.
Her. W. A. Gardner
Morning— Divine Service at 11
Kvening— Sermon by the pastor.
o'clock.
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
Bartlett Ktrrets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
:— Sermon by Professor C. S. Nash,
ig— There will be no service.
lethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth street*.
Vermont
Rev. W. H. Tubb 7
lorning— "Be Strong- and of a Good Cour-
age Bveninp— "Almost Thou Persuadest
Me to Be a Christian."
Congregational. Seventh a'
icnt street.
Rev. P. Coombe
:— Sermon by Rev. W. Frear. Even-
arno.
Ing-
llvet Congregational. Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard 7
[Morning— Sermon >>y : the pastor.
j Song service and Instruction.
Evening
'iret Congregational,
Btreets.
Post
and
Rev. a. C. Adams
ng— "Thoughts of Heaven." Evening—
usting Wisely."
Congregational, Fifteenth street,
>lcn.
Rev. William Hader
[orntng— "The Passing of Bigotry." Even-
Ing— "The Hero of the War— President
MoKinley."
' '
'. M. C. A., Mason and Bills street*.
Key. E. S. Chaproi
an
iS P m.— Addreea by Dr. Chapman, follaw-
. Ed by Datrlotlc mass meeting.
i order before our troops, after about
liaLf an hour's firing.
The climate here is terribly hot, and
the general says he is pushing on to
ward Santiago with all possible dis
| patch, in the hope of capturing the
place and getting the troops under
shelter of the houses of the town be
fore they become debilitated by the cli
mate and sickness breaks out.
1 think by July 4, if not before. San
tiago will be ours. It is said the town
ie garrisoned by 12.000 Spanish troops.
In addition to these, the Spanish Ad
miral Cervera's squadron is In the har
bor, consisting of the armored cruisers
Vizcaya Oquendo and Colon, the
cruiser Ueina Mercedes, the torpedo
boat Terror and another torpedo ves
sel, whose name Is not known to us.
Of course, simultaneous with the land
attack, we will bombard the forts. The j
Cuban forces are co-operating with our i
army. Five hundred Cubans from
General Rabl's command at Aserra
dero, eighteed miles west of Santiago,
were transported by our vessels to a
point where they could join our forces.
These troops, together with about 500 i
more, are now with the army, acting
as guides and skirmishers. General
Garcia, the Cuban commander-in-chief
of the eastern part of Cuba with a
force of about 3000 men. is on his way
to Santiago, and should be able to
form a Junction with our troops to-day
or to-morrow.
Santiago is Bure to be ours, probably
before this reaches you; but In this
fearful climate I f^ar it will cost us
dear. •
Luckily the ra'.ny seopon Is over, the
most unhealthy part of the year: but
the days- are frightfully hot, and the
nights not very much better, and un
less the army can set tv their work
promptly and capture the place, sick
ness will soon break out among the
troops.
The horrors of real war were vividly
brought home to me to-day. When I
saw them carrying in the dead and
wounded BOldiers, The navy part of
this job is hard enough, calling for
•leas vigilance night and day: but
our work is Infinitely easier than thai
of the army. Besides, the navy is
toue;h an '. used to all kinds of climates,
and knows how to take care of itself.
Half of our men nn board ship stand
at their loaded puns throughout the
nifrtit, while the other half sleep along
side of them. We can open fire in ten
Is. Officers HTid men are all hay- !
Inp a tough time of it. Yel ou» Bani
tary regulations are so perfect that!
there Is little sickness in the fleet In
spite of the terrific heat. We have a
hospital Bhir fitted up with all the
comforts possible in such a climate, to
which every man who becomes ill is
promptly Bent. The army has one also;
and besides these Clara Barton Is
here in a third hospital vessel with a
i tr;<in<Hl women nurses.
Every nipht or so. the dynamite
gunboat Vesuvius run? in to the picket
line of the blockade and fires two or
thre-e gun-cotten bombs at Fort Morro
They make a big: noise, and probably
disturb the pence of mind of the Span
lards. The Spaniards must be getting
short of ammunition, for at first they
used to reply to thoso shots, but late
ly have ceased to pay any attention to
them.
With tho hope that before this
you Santiago will bo in our
possession, and at a not too great ci.st
to ti-5 in the lives of the brave m^n of
the army, I remain, very sincerely
yours.
LIEUT. W. P. HUGHES, r S X
Executive Officer U. S. P. Scorpion.
"WTLL OF CHARLOTTE HANSON.
Property Valued at Three-Quarters
of a Million Bequeathed
Her Son.
The will of Charlotte Hanson was Hied
for probate yesterday. The estate eon
plsts of property In Redwood city, an In
terest in the capital stock of the T:,
Mill Company and the estate f the late
I hftrlfs Honson. which Is valued at over
WOO.OOO. The testatrix bequeathes to her
sister-in-law. Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Han
spn, SSOOO. The residue is left to William
I). Hanson, her sou.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1898.
ALE '?: L. HALES. | HALES. , __ HALES. J
sale of *WT IP?*" HH closing
Ruppin HLsmß ,-fs£s» iif Oi ffi in— n_ out
) aisle 4, £m B^S&L^ ffll jf "^aPffi downstairs.
I
, clean=up in
; children's jQp
dresses lub
A few only, short white dresses
of cambric, 3 pleats down front,
embroidery-ruffled edge on neck
and cuffs, a/<-es 2 to 3 years, reg-
ularly worth 35c, the balance go
for 19c.
Second lot of finished muslin,
tucked yokes, embroidery-
ruffled neck and cuffs, for
children 2 and 3 years, reg- OC ft
ulnr value 50c. what's left go Jjljl,
for www
Seventeen in the third lot of
white lawn, finely tucked,
trimmed with Valenciennes
lace on yoke front and back,
lawn ruffles over Bhoulder,
trimmed neck and cuffs, gen- QC n
erally exchanged for a dollar, nDC
but clean-up price Is www
fourteen
cashmere 7Rp
coats | Ob
For infants, full length, with
Bhirrcd neck, deep cape, silk em-
broidered, and emoroidered bottom,
regular value $125; these now go
for 77c.
Second lot, consisting of 37 (each
one different), a few soiled but very
handsome, are reduced to $1, $1 20,
$2 00 and $2 50.
infants'
cambric OKfi
slips /Ob
In three lots, various qualities,
many patterns, clean-up in our big
stock.
Lot I— Cambric Slips, em-
broidered, trimmed yoke,
pleated down both Bides,
ruffled neck r.nd cuffs, em- OEn '
broidery-trimmed, BO be- /*|IJ
fore for 45c tuu
Lot 2— Reduced from 59c t0..3<5c
Lot 3— Reduced from 75c t0..-48c
Also a few Nainsook Slips cut
from Jl 25 and Jl B0 to clenn-up
price of 7 5c
lace Qp
sale Zb yard
S6OO yards White Cotton Lace, 2
inches wide, suitable for trimming
• muslin underwear, assorted pat-
terns.
1200 yards White and Butter
Color Oriental Lace. 2^ to 3tf C_
Inches wide. In a variety or uli
patterns Yard
fancy C»
veiling 3b yard
2200 yards Single Width Fancy
Mesh Veiling in plain Tuxedo and
Chenille dots, Maline net with pin |
dot, in brown and navy.
ladies' 7L
ties ; 12b each 1
35 dozen Japanese Silk Band and
Shield Bows, in light and dark
colors.
satin QU
ribbon 03b yard
AU Silk-Satin Ribbon, in black
only.
No. 9, No. 12, No. 16, No. 22, '
Width. .l% in. 2 in. 2% in. 3 in.
Price... s l-3c 10c l^c 16 2-3 c
We are between seasons cleaning up the odds and ends of this past season's
goods, and our big basement is daily receiving cases of new goods; we are going
through the infants' underwear, domestic, lace, veiling, silk, millinery departments
just now, marking down, cleaning up. We mark close to cost, sometimes below,
but with the one object — of getting our stock clear of small lots.
sale of the Ruppin millinery stock
bicycle <&r nn
suits oSiUU
There's only five— they were $10 and
512 before we started to clean up— they
consist of skirt (divided Btyle) and leg-
empire <?R flfl
suits OOiUU
Eleven of them with silk lined shirts,
full finished, Bl*ea 34 and 35— the price
has been cut from $10.
English
suits Ssioo
Seventeen in brown, green and plum,
in mixed tweed and English check.
with Bolero jacket and cutaway effect
—silk lined skirts, extra finished and
full width— sizes 34. 3*5. 38— they wcro
$10 to $15 when stock was complete.
tweed Qi 7Q
skirts tshl3
! Mixed colors— heather and pepper and
Bait effects, full finished well made
and bound— four combinations of color
effects.
celebrated
gloves &IsUU
2-clasp overseam, with latest em-
broidery in tan. mode, brown red,
blue, green, slate, silver gray, white,
pearl and black. Fitted to the hand
and fitted thoroughly.
item 50
Side Combs, metal and shell tops..
_ • ■ 5c pair
Fancy Hair Ornaments -.■ each
Bone and Metal Buttons (line 24)..
5c ca rd
Bone and Metal Buttons (line 45
and 60). 5c dozen
Colored Silk Coat Binding, % in.... \
5c yard
Linen Finish Thread 5c spool
Cabinet Hairpins (60 assorted) . .5c box
Stewart's Linen Thread 5c spool
& lOC
Rubber Skirt Facing 10c piece
White Canvas Belts <2 in.) 10c each
Satlnette Face Powder 10c
Dairy Queen Soap, per box lOc
Hoyt's Cologne, Vfe-oz. bottle JOe
Colgate's Honey Soap... 10c
Colgate's Bay Rum Soap 10c |
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, neai
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
Sermon by
Jones of St. Louis.
Rev.
William M.
>— Same.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute
ing— Communion service at 31 o'clock,
nlng — Sermon by the rector.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
street.
Rev. J. A. Emery
Morning— Divine service at 11. Evening—
Sfrmon and instruction by the pastor.
Bt, I. 'ike's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Rev. w. H. Moreland
lornlng— Communion service at S, followed
at 11 by a sermon by Rev. J. R. de Wolfe
Cowle <'f San Matt-o. Evening— Sermon by
the Rev. Mr. Shaw.
St. iVniellus Chapel, Presidio Reservation.:
Rev. D. O. Kelley
Morning— Special services for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
St. John's, Fifteenth street
avenue.
and
Ji
Rev. E. B. Spaulding
Morning— Special devotion and
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
sermon.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and Sti
streets.
Rev. 11. Parrish _.
[orning— Communibn service at 7:."0 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and instruction by the
rector.
St Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
etreets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
Miirning— Communion service and sermon.
Evening— Song service and the recital of
prayer.
St. Paul's Episcopal. California street,
St ciner.
Rev. W. Mavwell Rellly
lorning— Divine service at 11 and sermon
by Dr. Reilly. Evening— Sermon and In-
struction.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
: — Communion service at 7:30. Even-
errnon by Dr. Cooke.
Germcn Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
lorntng— "What Is Faith and How Can It
Be obtained?"
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Myrning--"Thp Trnnsflguratlon." Evening
—"The Church of the Catacombs."
Bethel Afrlcnn M. E. Church, Powell street,
:i>-iir Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
[orning— "Faith the Recognition of the Po-
tency of Christ." Evening-— "Elijah on
C,,rrn«l."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mil
slon street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "Back to Jesus." Evening— "Why
the Spaniard Cannot Win in This War."
';n=t M. E. Church. Powell and Wi
lngton Ptreetß.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
[orning— Sermon by I>r. Trmv. Evening —
Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Ftfteonth Avenue M. E. Church, Flfteent
avenue south and P street.
Rev. 11. Pearce ,
[Morning— Religious services at 11.
I Ing— Sermon by the rector.
Eren-
Giri.-e Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— "Divine Consummation " Even-
ing-- 1 -The Genius and Religious Condi-
tion and Prospects of Spain "
Howard t'tree: M. E.
Kropt, near Third.
Church.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning— -"Christ Precious to Believers "
Evening— "Self-denial for. the Sake of
Others."
Potrero M.
streets.
E.,
Tennessee
and
Rev. D. W. Chilson
Morning— Sermon. Evening— Prayer and
sermon, followed by religious Instruction.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Reatty
iMornlng-Services will be held lndefin!t«ly
at ■tU'-i Fifth avenue.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
"The Salt of the Earth." Even-
rie Unconditional Surrender."
ing—'
Franklin Street Presbyterian, Franklin
Vallejo streets.
Rev. D. James
Morning— "The Transformation Power of
the Gospel." Evening— "One Man's Influ-
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
lorn ing-Sermon by the pastor. Evenlne
-Sermon by 8. L. Bringle or the Salva-
tion Army.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ne^a
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
JMornlng-Sermon. services and Sunday
kensle Bvenlng - Sormon *>y Dr. Mao-
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
iMornlng-Rellgious services at 11 o'clock
! Sermon by the rector. Sl
Mispah Presbyterian. Harrison street.
Fifth.
Rev. V. A. Doane
lorning-Sabbath school at 9:30. Evening
snst^cfr oo enrClßeße nrClBeBn rClBeB - f°llOWedf ° IIOWed bj ' — -I
Howard
streets.
Presbyterian.
Oak
and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
lornlng-Sermon and prayer. Evening-
Song service and sermon by the rector
tewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-ninth.
Rev.
'. E. Dugan
Morning — -The Sabbath
Crank." Evening - "The
of Zaccheus."
Observance
Conversion
'rinlty Presbyterian. Twenty-second
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
lornlng— Sermon by the rector at th*. «»r-
i'estinlnsfr Presbyterian. Page and Wi
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
An r s't I riTla. <>rlnrln by MlB3 Ada Murcutt of
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Gate
i
Rev. M. M. Gibson
—Sermon an.]
at 11 o'clock.
ihle lnstructlor
Evening
F!r*t Unitarian.
■tracts.
Geary
and
Rev. Dr. Stebbins
thl«S?^?« "i^oio-ck! 0 «>■'««*:•*«>-
Rev. J.
• "• "*"* iat lYo^lcok exerclses and sermon
!k.
St. Alban's Church. 102 O'Farrell street.
' Rev. E. ; J. Van.Deerlln W^^o*®^* tad S*T»on. M
- . •■: - —-. >r.g-Evenßong and instruction at S o'clock.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sut
street.
Bible and Science and Health.
Science Bible lessons.
Universal Brotherhood. 819 Market street.
James H. Grlffes
"Life's Little Worries."
.nized Church of Jesus Christ,
street. ,
Rev. C. A. Parki.i
"*• * - > . .'.
the Kingdom of God."
Then Can Be Saved?"
. - ■
.. .■ «.. . , . . -
On Monday we put on sale the Ruppin stock of 831 Larkin street.
Small prices will reign until all is cleaned out. We intend this stock
to be quickly sold out, and we believe these prices will effect a prompt
response from millinery buyers.
ii^^.-.j l.«*~ such as fancy turbans, short-back «q i (n en
trimmed fiatS. sailors, bonnets, hand-made shapes 40C 10 &Z.OU
« n 4.: Mmn /1 shapes, such as chips, leghorns, fancy rough in ± (i nn
UiUriMea braids, turbans and medium-size dress hats IUU IU 01, UU
Flowers— sc. lOc, 15c bunch. Straw braids— 2^c to lOc a yard.
Aigrettes and wlngs-lOc. Ostrich tips— lOc to -SOc each C/ a
value). Ornaments— about V 4V 4 price to close— sc to 25c.
I
clean=up in jQp
dress goods luu
About 700 yards of 36-inch wide wool
Cheviots In fancy mixtures and stripes.
Of course were not made for the mon-
ey, but it's the material for your va-
cation suit.
1100 yards all wool fancy suit-
ing. 38 inches T^lde, three styles
in light and dark eclors; one of n An
our most popular 50c lines. i.H'b
imported Qn n
suitings uub
This season's; when color line and pat-
terns were complete we sold them for
$1 26 and they sold well. They are 44
inches wide, and good colorings are
still in the lot.
(Remnants at broken prices on Mon-
day.)
j cotton blankets QQp
way down uubpr
White and gray, for coverlets, Ironing
blankets, and camping use.
46x74 58x73 64x75 66x75
39c 55c 75c $1.00 pair
Extra heavy quality In gray only:
10-4 size, weight 4 lbs J51.30
1 11-4 and 6 lbs
leather m«
belts |0G
For ladles' outing suits (now so much
worn on every occasion). In both fancy
and plain leather, ]';, inches wide,
leather covered buckles, four colors.
937-939-941-943-945-947
clean-up in t%(\n
silks JUb
A big silk season made many little
ends; here are fancy Jacauard checks
anil figured silks in a good range of
colors. Our silk man says they are
worth 75c, and he knows the market.
We put them In the clean-up at 50c yd.
Fancy rep and gros d'Londre,
rich, silks in tlgured and scroll
designs, In the regular way "7Kn
worth $1 25, cut to 7oc, because inij
in shert lengths. IWW
oriental $X flfl
portieres OueUU
Something new to Frisco, the celebrat-
ed Bagdad portieres, latest Oriental
craze, "the thing just now" in dra-
peries, 3 yards long and 50 inches wide.
6 colors In the curtain, each dne of
Arabesque significance, -he price is
low for such high art draperies.
closing out Ca
tinware Ub up
Ridiculously low prices for such
goods as these, but there's only a few
of each kind.
■:■ -•-. _ •-. • . >-,-« ■ - • . ■.;•■■ ■ '•-.. c ~
8-qt. Retinned Cakepan 5c
Oblong Retinned Cakepan 5c
§ Retinned Jelly Cake Tin. 3 f0r........ 5c
Embossed Tin Serving Tray,il2-in...5c
9-qt. Deep Preserving Kettle 17c
10-qt. Lipped Saucepan 19c
S-qt. Retinned Dlshpan 10c j
. 4-qt. Tin Coffeepot 10c
4-qt. Tin Oil Can.. 10c ;
Such prices as these don't swell our i
bank acount. but they make heaps of j
friends for us.
MARKET STREET, S. F.",
taffeta |C n
ribbons lull yard
All-Silk Plain and Moire Taffeta
Ribbons, in a large variety of late
colors, 3500 yards in the offer at
"these prices:
No. 40— 15 c yard No. 60, 19c yard
housewives' ®i
economy Bav | $1
Every item in this our domestic
department means good goods at
much reduced prices.
50 dozen Bleached Turkish IC
Towels, size 19x45 in., a IDG
heavy, close- woven t0we1..... Each
Bleached Table Damask, 66 CC#»
inches wide, heavy quality DOC
in new designs Yard
Galatea Cloth 29 inches wide
of a heavy chase weave, light <Ol ft
and dark colors, checks and IZ2G
stripes .: Yard
wash "T^
goods I b yard
Percales in many patterns and in
two widths, 32 and 36 inch light
. colors. 6
2500 yards various Wash
Goods, Lappets. Dotted
Swiss and Organdies, light
and dark colors, plaid effects,
woven dots, colored figures .
shadow effects on a tinted lf|«
ground, our regular 15e and IUC
1214 c lines - Yard
pillow 7U
cases f 2b each
200 dozen hemmed, 45 and 36 inch
heavy muglin, nodressing, they will
go quickly.
baby m ■
comforts DUG
For the little one's crib. 34x45 Inch,
in figured silkoline for the cover
and pure white cotton filling, a dol-
lar b worth of appearance for 50
cents.
nain- i
sook 4G
£°i£!n% White Cherk Nainsook
in small paterns— this season's, too:
|ful!-size (j Aft
comforters c9fiZu
white cotton, wool knottec
Alleges a Conspiracy.
v^f 8 "^ Moore ' owner of a halyard on
Minna street, near Fourth, has sued
Charles E. Allen, Frank Black and Herirv
BiaoK to recover 510.000 damages. . The
Plaintiff alleges that the defendants, to
gether with other persons whose names
are unknown to her, formed a conspiracy
and combination for the purpose of main
taining arbitrary rates for the retailing
of coal and operated under the title of
Coal Dealers' Association of Callforala!
She alleges that this combination entered
Into an agreement with the "wholesale
coal dealers of the city and county of San
Irancisco" and "demanded $600 of her be
fore she would be permuted to conduct
her vvi n s - By reason of such illegal
s££J£i£ %°?Z c alle es that she has been
lIKPVJ 1 the sum of $10,000, ana asks
judgment for that amount. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE." 4.
• Six Stories High. .+
I s ' -* 1 ' "»
-f
Rest your weary
bones. A Comfortable >
Couch at a comfortable -f
price, tufted and fring- J
e'd.V $3,65 4
— — — — — +
Hall Seat, in oak or mahogany, •♦
Roman style, high arm?, no bnck, >
wide curved seat $1.95 >
There is nothing in the way of \
house furniture forging to the front 1
so fast as Metal Beds. i White *
enamel, brass trimmings $2.75 "^
Extension Dining Table (6 foot), 4
will accommodate 8 or 10 per- 4
sons $2.45 4
Carpet Department. }
', 'r. "' '.[; -.-; ■_ '■',£ ',** i-S-.-
Mcquftte Rugs of fine design, in "*
soft harmonizing colors, 36x72 in.; "*
while they last $2.75 "♦
There's room to show Carpets, -f
Salesmen glad to show them.
Variety of stock was never better
or greater.
Free delivery tn Oakland, Alameda -*
and Berkeley.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. $
233-235-237 Post Street.
Near Stockton. Open Evenings. "^
+ + 4- 4 +.+. 4"f* 4 4-f 4- 44 •