VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 67.
SPAIN IS SAID TO HAVE
ACCEPTED THE TERMS
MINISTERS
AGREE UPON
HER REPLY
Points Regarding the Phil
ippines to Be Further
Discussed.
The Decision of the Cabinet to
Be Submitted to the Queen
To-Day.
NEW YORK, Aug 6.— A cable to the Sun From Mad
rid, dated August 6, 4:40 A. M., says: At the Cabinet
meeting last night the Ministers agreed upon a reply to
the United States accepting the United States' terms of
peace without prejudice to the discussion of certain
essential points regarding the Philippines.
They will communicate the decision to the Queen
.Regent to-day. Her agreement is considered assured.
It js now believed that Sagasta will continue in power.
MADRID, Aug. s.— ln a conference
between Senor Sagasta and Senor Sil-
vela "the latter urged that it was im
perative to summon Cortes for the
■-m?ax>ti&u'on ef a treaty of peace.
• General' Polavieja, why was present,
• declined subsequently to speak of the
. conference to a representative of the
press, on the ground that his duty as a
• soldier imposed secrecy upon him, but
.•General Azcarraga said that if Spain
possessed adequate resources the war
iihould be continued in order to secure
more acceptable conditions, otherwise
' peace ought to be immediately con
•. eluded,
'/."General' Chinchilla, Captain General
: of- Madrid, said: "We have a brave
and " well-disciplined army, and it is
ready to go wherever it is. sent,"
• '. liater Senor Sagasta conferred with
"^Senor. Saimeron, the Republican leader,
■who told the Premier, In the course of
a long conference, that he blamed the
Government greatly for closing the
Cortes and stifling the press. After the
• interview he said he had assured Senor
• Sagasta said he would reserve nis upin
:i lah-.'on the general situation until the
Chamber was convoked, but that
-.neither directly nor indirectly would be
support the "existing oligarchy, which j
is the" cause of all Spain's misfortunes." j
At the Cabinet council this evening
Senor Sagasta recounted to his cot
leagues what had been said in the cor.
ference with the war political leaders
'.. early in ■ the day. No decision was
. taken.. ' .
\ ? Sehor Puigceiver, Minister of Fi- j
. nan.be, read a proposal to increase the j
•note circulation and guarantee of the j
• Bank of Spain.
■' •The council also considered an official
""dispatch from Santiago, signed by Gen
eraj Toral, saying that owing to the
. amal'lneSs of the camp which the Amer
" icans had conceded, the absence of
tents and the improper food the nura
.ber'. of Spanish sick had increased to
• 10,000, the death rate being from twelve .
("to- fourteen daily. The dispatch also
: said- that the beds now were altogether
' Insufficient for so large a number of
sick, so-ldiers, and that their transporta
tion home ought to commence imme- J
,'.dfa.tely. General Toral informs the |
1 Government that the wound of General
;• LJnares had not developed any compli
■ cations, but was • causing him great
&am. '•
PERMANENT POSSESSION OF
MANILA AND SUBIG BAY
• LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Madrid cor
"• -respondent of th<- Daily Mail says: A]
- -.majority <>f the politicians who con
ferred with Benor Sa-iista counselled \
peace, liv- Benor NocUlaJ. leader of i
the ultraaiontanes, urged war a Tout-!
ranc", V f. n k t v, ( . Yankees, he said, !
Were to ajiture Spanish ports, as possi- |
bly then an international conflagration;
would avenge Spain by placing her in j
■a position to gain more than by mak- i
ing a shardeful " peace now. Senor |
Romero y RoMedo, in the course of an
iutorvi.-w, H.-.itf:
"Senor SacriSta Informed me as to the i
.. contents. of the American- note. In ad- !
ditlon to the demands already known, j
the American Government asks the oc- !
cupation and pwsession of Manila and ;
Subig Bay. M. f'amlion obtained from I
President McKinley the substitution for '
the- word 'possession' of another word'
meaning practically tho same thing."
This revelation foas caused a ferment ;
here. It was understood at first that
1 the Americans demanded only tmpo- ,
. rary occupation, priding- arrangements '
for tha future government of the Phil
ippines. It is bettered the powers will
• object to the Americans retaining per- ,
.man'ent possession of Manilla and Su- ,
The San Francisco Call
big: Bay. The latter is a splendid naval
station.
SPAIN'S DELAY IS
NOT UNEXPECTED
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: Spain's apparent delay in
formally accepting the terms proposed
by the United States as conditions for
ending the war is causing no concern
to officials of the administration. The
delay is in no sense unexpected. When
the second note was presented to Em
bassador Cambon on Wednesday, in
reply to the one of inquiry as detailed,
the Embassador stated several days
would elapse before a final answer
could be expected from Spain. All the
members of the Cabinet with whom I
talked to-day feel reasonably sure that
when Spain.is next heard from her note
will be a full and formal acceptance of
the terms proposed by the United
States.
I am assured there has been no hitch
in the negotiations: that the last ex
change of not^s, as previously stated
in the Herald, related solely to the'man
ner of carrying out the general terms
proposed by the United States, and that
the mere fact that Spain had begun
negotiations respecting these details
was accepted as a foregone conclusion
that the general principles laid down
by the United States as conditions for
peace were approved by Spain. As in
dicating the confidence the President
has in the early acceptance by Spain
of his proposals, it may be mentioned
that he is still giving consideration to
the personnel of the proposed commis
sion for the settlement of the Philip
pine question. It cannot be said he has
yet puttied upon any one, but it is re
garded as certain that General Stewart
L.. Woodford will be one of the com
missioners. Among other names men
tioned are former Secretary Tracy,
former Secretary Olney, Senator Davis,
former Senator Edmunds and also
j Benjamin Harrison.
CAMPOS PUBLICLY
IN FAVOR OF PEACE
MADRID, Aug. s.— The conferences
j between the political leaders on the
subject of the peace terms continue.
Benor Sllvela, the Conservative leader,
acting in behalf of Senor Castelar, the
Republican, who was prevented by ill
ness from being present, has conferred
with the Premier, Senor Sagasta, on
the subject. He said Senor Castelar,
although an advocate of peace, was of
the opinion that in negotiating the Gov
ernment "should remember the Vir
ginius affair, when the energy dis
played by Spain in dealing with the
United States saved Spanish interests,
and he thought every effort should be
made to preserve Spanish sovereignty
over Porto Rico.." Senor Silvela added
that he personally did not favor any
change of policy.
The Liberal, moderate Republican,
to-day publishes an interview with
Marshal Martinez de Campos, who is
quoted as saying: "I openly favor
peace. Everything that has happened
in this war could have been foresee.!,
but the most pessimistic could not nave
imagined that our misfortunes would
be so great— the destruction of Monte
jo's and Cervera's squadrons, the sur
render of Santiago and the rapid and
unresisted occupation of Porto Rico.
No one could have imagined it even
taking into consideration the superi
ority of tho United States. Neither the
present Government nor any other can
change our situation. It would be mad
ness to think of rejecting President Mc-
Kiniey's terms. The Liberal party en.il
bring" about peace, but Sagasta should
not be asked to sign it, and another
Liberal Cabinet should be constructed."
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
Marshal Martinez de Campos, it is
pointed out, evidently referred to Senor
Gamazo as the man who should suc
ceed Senor Sagasta as Premier. Senor
Gamazo is the present Minister of Pub
lic Instruction. His name has been fre
quently mentioned recently in connec
tion with the Premiership in the event
of the formation of a new Cabinet.
PARIS, Aug. s.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Temps telegraphs this
afternoon that there is no danger of
any uprisings in Spain. He adds that
everybody is desirous of peace, "though
profoundly deploring the necessity of
making such great sacrifices."
HOW SAGASTA TRIED
TO GET BETTER TERMS
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says: Senor
Sagasta has prepared for submission to
The Auxiliary Cruiser Badger, Formerly the Ward Liner Yutnuri, Capturing Three Spanish Vessels— Tug, Barge and Brigantine — With 400 Soldiers,
Which Were Attempting to Escaoe Under YeJiow Fever and Red C~oss FU.gs to Havana.
GOVERNOR SANCHEZ IS
READY TO SURRENDER
CITY OF MANZANILLO
Recognizes the Futility oF Further Resistance,
But Wants to Insure His Own
Safety.
Special Cable to The Call and the TfeTr York Herald. Copyrighted, ISOS,
by James Gordon Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Aug. 5. — Manzanillo, blockaded by the Hist and Hor
net, with the wrecks of six gunboats and three large merchant ves
sels strewn along the beach, and with the insurgents uhder Salvador
Illos pressing the city closely from the east, is anxious to surrender
to the American troops. Negotiations have already been started,
and Commander Lucien Young of the Hist yesterday sent a commu
nication to Admiral Sampson suggesting that another demonstration
be made before Manzanillo by a part of the American fleet to pave the
way for the city's surrender.
Colonel Sanchez Pieron, the Spanish Governor In Manzanillo, is
cut off from all communication, has only 2000 troops, many of whom
are sick, and recognizes the futility of further resistance. He is ready
to surrender Manzanillo unconditionally, provided the American fleet
will make a demonstration before the city in such for^e .is to save
him from being court-martialed for surrendering. The only impor
tant defense the city had, the pontoon Maria, which was equipped
with twelve-pounder smooth-bores, was sunk during the bombard
ment on July 18 by the Wasp and the other warships commanded by
Commander Todd, who left the place with nothing availably for with
standing an attack by sea. Little damage was done in Manzanillo
by the shots from the American vessels. Our flre was not directed at
the town itself, although one shell set fire to the hospital, which was
burned to the ground. Three soldiers and one woman were killed.
Through General Shafter the Herald and The Call were the only
newspapers allowed to send a reporter on the San Juan when It went
from here to Manzanillo to get the families and baggage of General
Esc^rio's officers.
the leaders whom he consulted a most
interesting sketch, not only of the pre
liminary negotiations and soundings,
but also of M. Cambon's efforts to in
duce President McKinley to leave the
Porto Rican question open for future
negotiations and to get better condi
tions for . Spain in the Philippines,
where he was more successful, as well
as to induce the President to select
some neutral European capital instead
of Washington for the meeting of the
peace commission.
Senor Sagasta also submitted reports
from all quarters bearing on the ques
tion. Undoubtedly it would have been
better for the country's interests had
the personages consulted remained si
lent. The revelations of some of them
are hardly calculated to strengthen the
Government's hands.
General Weyler, in a curt note, de
clined to enter the conference, but pro
posed to reply if Senor Sagasta would
put his queries in writing.
WAITING FOR SPAIN'S
FINAL RESPONSE
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— When the
President closed his official work to-day
he had not received the reply o£ Spain,
nor any intimation as to how soon the
reply might be expected. The French
Embassador had not been heard from
throughout the day, and he, as well as
our Government officials, was waiting
for Spain to give the final response.
Two days have now passed without a
word officially from Spain, either in the
way of inquiry or response. From this
It is clear that the Spanish Cabinet
fully realizes that the time for an ar
gument, counter-proposals or modifica
tion has gone hv. and that there is
only one simple issue to be met, namely,
whether the American terms will be ac
cented as a whole or rejected.
There is indeed reason to believe that
the Spanish Government has been di
rectly advised that the stage of nego
tiations is past, and that only the mat
ter of an answer, favorable or unfav
orable, remains. That the answer has
not come quickly is no matter of sur
prise to the officials here, for they re
alize the tremendous responsibility
which Premier Sagasta must assume in
! making these peace terms sufficiently
! palatable to the Spanish populace and
the political leaders to permit its ac
ceptance without an internal convul
sion. In his conference with the Presi
d-.it and Secretary Day the French
THE AFFAIR OFF NEUVITAS.
Embassador has brought out clearly
the great task before Sagasta.
It seems to be the general view here
that if the Premier and his Ministry
were untrammeled an acceptance
would come at once and that the pre
liminary peace arrangement would be
now closed. But in preparing the
Spanish public and in guarding against
political agitations hereafter by public
men of other parties the Madrid offi
cials are taking their time for mission
ary work not only among themselves
but*among all the populace and secret
elements. The best informed persons
here fix next Monday as the time when
the United States Government is likely
to receive Spain's final answer, but this
is simply conjectural, for there is not
the slightest means of knowing the
tendencies at Madrid. It might come
to-morrow, but in the event of its com
ing late in the day, or on Sunday, the
response would not be communicated
to the Government until Monday.
There is the same confident belief
among officials that there has been
from the first that Spain's answer will
be a reluctant but none the less conclu
sive acceptance. At the same time it
was suggested to-day in some quarters
that there was a possibility that the
disclosures made by the American gen
erals concerning the serious condition of
our troops at Santiago might be a straw
at which the Spanish Cabinet would
grasp. This is quite doubtful, how
ever, as there is a question whether
the statement of the American general
ever got outside the borders of the
United States, owing to the strict cen
sorship imposed last night. Moreover,
all evidence reaching the officials here
indicates that Spain is weary with the
conflict and is convinced beyond the
slightest question of the hopelessness
of further opposition.
PAINTED THE PICTURE
IN SOMBER COLORS
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times, commenting
on the views of the various leaders ex
pressed at the conference with Senor
Sagasta, as given in El Liberal, says:
It seems that Senor Sagasta pointed
out all the facts of the situation with
the utmost frankness to the various
politicians, indicating reasons for and
against a continuance of the war, and
citing, for example, the fact that Gen
eral Blanco, so far from being dejected,
proposed plans to continue the resis
tance.
Senor Sagrasta's picture, as a whole,
however, was painted in somber
colors. Senor Montero Rios, President
of the Senate; the Marquis Vega
de Armijo, President of the Chamber
of Deputies: Marshal Martinez de
Campos, the Duke of Tetaun and Senor
Sllvela, the leader of the dissident Con
servatives, all favor peace.
The Duke of Tetuan, however, thinks
a Government of greater authority
necessary to negotiate the conditions.
Romero y Robledo. on the contrary,
evidently aims at playing the part of
Gambetta. He anticipates the time
when he may acquire considerable po
litical influence by reminding his fel
low countrymen that h«» has had no
act or part in any negotiations looking
to a close of the war. It is worth not
ing that he declares his views are
shaped by General Weyler. So far as
I can discover these bellicose senti
ments find little or no echo in the pub
lic mind. It is said that Senor Emilio
Castelar, the Republican statesman,
authorizes Senor Silvela to declare that
he is in favor of peace.
MANY SPANISH SOLDIERS
ALSO ON THE SICK LIST
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Aug. 4 (de
layed in transmission). — Major General
Rhafter has received orders to move
his entire army north at once. The six
transports here will take the first ship
ments, and the embarkation ■will begin
to-morrow. There is great rejoicing
among the troops.
General Shatter's orders for the
movement of his command provide for
the following programme: The em
barkation of the Third and Sixth Reg
ular Cavalry; then the First Regular
Cavalry and First Volunteer Cavalry
(the Rough Riders) will be embarked.
These regiments have been ordered to
be ready to go on board ship the day
after to-morrow.
For the present the Ninth and Tenth
Cavalry will remain in camp. Only the
private horses of the officers will be
taken The other horses will be turned
over to General Wood, who remains
here a» Military Governor.
General Toral, the commander of the
Spanish troops, sent a letter to-day to
General Shatter advising the latter that
the camp of the surrendered troops is
in an unhealthy condition. The Span
ish officer also reported that there were
several hundred sick in the hospitals
and that there was an average of
twelve deaths daily. The transports
expected here to carry the Spanish
troops back to Spain have not yet been
heard from.
General Shafter will take action at
once in order to improve the sanitary
condition of the Spanish soldiers and
their camp. -
PREPARING TO TAKE
CARE OF SHAFTER'S MEN
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— As soon as the
lumber and tents arrive work will be
pushed forward by day and night to get
the big army camp and hospital at
Montauk Point ready for General Shaf
ter's troops from Santiago. There will
be at least 1000 tents with five beds in
each tent. Colonel Forward says he
will have a sufficient number of new
nurses and physicians to care for the
pick soldiers.
TROOPS TO RELIEVE
SHAFTER'S ARMY
SAVANNAH. Ga., Aug. s.— Five
thousand troops are on the way to
Savannah to-day to embark on the
transports for Santiago to relieve the
troops there. The troops, which are
all immunes, are the Third Georgia
Regiment from Macnn and the Third
and Fifth Regiments from Columbia,
Miss. The Mississippi regiments will
arrive to-morrow.
SAGASTA REALIZES
THAT PORTO RICO
IS LOST TO SPAIN
So Governor Macias Is Ordered
to Ma^e the Best Terms hfe
Car) With the Americans.
Special Cable to The Call nnd the Xevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 189S,
by Jamei Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, Aug. 5. — The Government has given orders that Macias
should not force the resistance of Porto Rico to the utmost. This is
at the instigation of Sagasta, who deplores the unnecessary loss of
life, knowing that Porto Rico will inevitably fall into the hands of
the Americans. Macias is instructed to obtain terms like those ob
tained by Toral or better, so as to save Spanish honor as much as
possible.
OFF SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO, Aug.
4, by The Call-1-.erald dispatch boat
Sommers N. Smith to St. Thomas. D. \V.
1., Aug. s.— Another successful landing
on the island of Porto Rico was made
by the Americans at daybreak this
morning and the Stars and Stripes now
wave over Cape San Juan. The Puri
tan, Amphitrite and Montgomery which
have been cruising about the north
western coast of the island awaiting the
arrival of the army transports ap
proached Cape San Juan early this
morning, and a small party, made up
of men from each of the American ves
sels, was sent ashore at daybreak.
The landing party was in charge of
Lieutenant Commander James R. Self
ridge of the Puritan, Lieutenant Field
of the Amphitrite and Lieutenant At
water of the Montgomery. They took
possession of the lighthouse and raised
the American flag. No opposition to
the landing of the American party was
offered, and this leads to the belief that
the Spaniards have abandoned Fajardo
battery. Lieutenant Dresil of the Puri
tan, with Dr. Hancock and Ensign
Bierer, went in behind Obispo Island
with a launch and took as prizes the
schooner Encarnacion and sloop Guerra
Flora. All the small towns in the east
ern part of the island evidently are
anxious to surrender peacefully.
The New Orleans has been left alone
to continue the blockade of San Juan
harbor. The German steamship Poly
nesia was stopped inside the blockad
ing line this morning.
Governor General Macias is doing his
utmost to bolster up the courage of the
Spaniards, and he has published a
proclamation denying that overtures
for peace have been made by the home
government. It is reported that the
Governor's daughter is helping train
Spanish gunners.
PENNSYLVANIA TROOPS
ARE NOW BEFORE' COAMO
JUAN DIAZ, PORTO RICO, Auk 4.—
By the Call-Herald dispatch boat to St.
Thomas, D. W. 1., Aug. s.— Major Gen
eral Miles has refused the consideration
of a proposition for the surrender of
Coamo, and is hurrying forward
American troops in that direction. The
Sixteenth Pennsylvania Regiment ad
vanced to a point six miles beyond
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
encamped at a bridge which crosses the
Descolabra River. The American
picket command had an exchange of
shots with the Spanish pickets on the
outskirts of Llamo de Coamo, but none
of the Americans were injured in the
fighting.
General Ernest's brigade, which is
marching along the military road be
hind the troops commanded by General
Hendy, is hastening to the seaport. The
Pennsylvania troops are now before
Coamo. General Ernest's men are tak
in" the artillery forward.
SIXTH MASSACHUSETTS
OFFICERS HAVE RESIGNED
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 5 (via St.
Thomas, D. W. 1., Aug. 5). — General
Wilsons-to-day changed his headquar
ters from Ponce to Juan Diaz, and all
of the American transports lying off
the port of Ponce will be ordered to
Santiago. As a result of the inquiry
into the fitness of the officers of the
Sixth Massachusetts to properly per
form their duties, the colonel, lieuten
ant colonej and three majors of that
regiment have resigned.
AMERICANS CAPTURE
FUENETA AND CABEJAS
MADRID, Aug. s.— An official dis
patch from Porto Rico says: American
cavalry, assisted by the insurgents,
have captured Fueneta and Cabelas,
the lighthouse station at San Juan.
INHABITANTS FLEE
FROM CIENFUEGISS
Take to the Woods in Anticipation
of a Bombardment, Leaving
but a Small Garrison.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— A Key West
special to the Herald says: The in
habitants of Cienfuegos, anticipating a
bombardment of the city, have gone to
the woods, only leaving a few soldiers
in the blockhouses to garrison the town.
But little if any resistance would be
offered if it became necessary to take
possession of the city.2
ROOSEVELT
IS BLAMED
His Inconsistency Is
Shown.
INDIGNANT AT THE PROTEST
CABLE MESSAGE OF CENSURE
SENT TO SHAFTEB.
But the Captor of Santiago Shows
That He Did Not Authorize
the Publication of the
Fever Statement.
I ,if!i to The Call.
NEW FORK, Aug. .'..-The Washing
ton « ■ ni of the Herald tele
graphs:-* There was marked Indignation
to-day in administration circles over
the protest trora Colonel Roosevelt and
thp pfftcers M Santiago against further
needl; | erlng of the army there.
i"he "round robin" was earnestly dis
cussed and remedies for court-martiai
and reprimand were canvassed.
a- last, as 1 ani reliably informed, a
cable message of censure was sent to
•al jShaft-er. General Shatter re
plied and' as- a result Secretary Al^er
stated to-night he was now satisfied
that Genera] Stiaf ter did . not authorize
the publication of.' the statement.
The prevailing sentiment of the ad
ministration is-to put the blame for the
most part upon Colonel Roosevelt, and
the matter will probably pass
<>\ <■:• without- -action on the part of the
administration th< whole publication is
It is realized, that such pub
lication could bring nothing but harm
to the -interests of the army, which is
thus published to its enemies as being
physically unfit for' the Geld.
The d the basis of the
Cabinet meetii .. during which
b •ii; court-martial and reprimand were
discussed; The ■ administration feels
that •.::<■ communication should have
through the organized channels
to th<- depart] - not con
demn the protest, but the- giving- of it
to ti ■ ■ lit i] criticism was
made upon ih sncy of i:
velt*s two stat .-king- that
his men be cent. to Porto Rico and say
ing that they were tit. and the other
■ the world that they
should be "1" 'Uk'il home as quickly aa
■ it. it v, as to show this Incon-
I by the friends of
hat the letter of
evelt tothe Secretary of War was
pu-Mic.
i >n the other hand, apart from this
king public a mattt
this General Alger has been
:count of
its manifestly pers >nal nature. '
IWANZANILLO READY TO
HOIST THE WHITE FLAG
Believed the Appearance of a Thou
sand Am?ricans Would Re
sult in Capitulation.
SANTIAGO DB CUBA, Aug. 4 (de
layed in transmission). — The warships
Massachusetts and Dixie arrived at
tanamo Bay last night and imme
diately started .(".fling.
ponfmander Todd of the Wilmington
reported that conditions at Manzan
illo, as learned from General Rios, ure
as follows:
There are about 2000 regulars, 1000
volunteers and 500 bombarderos, or
firemen, there. They appear to be well
frr.i]j.!i.-,l with. cattle and provisions, but
ai»- i ■ i be short of ammunition.
t events in that vicinity have dis
heartened them, and it is believed that
the appearance of. an American force,
even if only. 1000 men, would result in
the capitulation of the place.
Confirmation has been obtained of the
report that the Florida expedition for
the relief of Gener;:i Gomez has been
successful. On July 25 General Gomez
ncamped twenty-five miles north
west of Jucaro, the southern extn
of the Morro Jucaro tmeha. The Span
iards reti rond a large block
house to the westward of the port of
Tunas, in the Province of Santa Clara,
on July 24. .
A squadron bulletin says the Spanish
.forces generally .from. Manzaplllo to
Trinidad are evidently in a very <!••
moralized condition.. Santa Cruz, the
port on tlu south coast of the Province
of Puerto Principe, Is" reported to be de
serted. There, is no shipping there.
SAMPSON TO COMMAND
THE EASTERN SQUADRON
Commodore Walson to Be Second in
Command and Schley to Re
main at Home.
NEW YORK,, Aug.; s.— The Washing
ton "^correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Rear. Admiral Sampson will
command the eastern squadron if it be
Bent abroad' by the President. I learned
to-day on >: high authority that he has
received orders to take command of
the squadron, and Commodore Watson
has been designated as second in com
mand. The transfer • of Commodore
Schley from the Brooklyn to the
Newark- means that, he is to be kept
at home. ■ The selection of Rear Ad
miral Sampson was based, it is said,
upon the desire -of the President and
Secretary Long to .put in command an
officer of tried judgment and discre
tion. While haying every confidence In
Commodore Watson, it. was deemed
proper to place him as second in com
mand. --~— ■
SECRETARY LONG NOT
TAKING ANY CHANCES
Every Available Vessel in the Navy
Being Made Ready for
. Service.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5,— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: That,
every available vessel of the navy may
be ready . Cor offensive and defensive
eervtee in case of necessity Secretary
Long has ordered .the re-armament of
the Essex, Ranger,. Adams and Alert,
and Captain Charles O'Xeil, <-nief of
the Bureau of -Ord-nance, is now ship
ping guns to the navy-yards, where
they. will be installed on board the
ships named.- Each of these vesseis
will receive a battery uf six four-inch
rapid fire guns, four six-pounders, two
one-pounders, one -machine gun and
one field. gun. The Essex is now the
training ship on duty on this coast
and the Ranger, Adams and Alert are
on duty on the Pacific Slope.
Spanish Gunners at Target Practice.
CARTAGENA, Aug. &.— The forts are
pra_ctlctnK "it floating targets, making
fair practice.
Btmr. Grace Dollar will Ball for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connection* Yukon River polnt§;
low rates. Particulars 46 Mkt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
BRIGADIER GENERAL GEORGE A. GARRETSON,
U. S. V., Who Is Takiog an Active Part
in the Invasion of Porto Rico.
TIME, LIVES AND
LABOR LOST WHILE
GOING TO DAWSON
Sam Wall's History of Hardships
and Disasters to Those Who
. Left on Hurried Expeditions.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSQN CITY. July 10 (via Seattle !
Aug. 2.— Almost a year from the day
j they started for this place from Seattle
' some fifty people arrived here June 30
on the steamer W. K. Merwin. They
had wintered at Minevek Creek, near
th^ mouth of the Yukon, where the
Alaska Commercial Company's steam
er Alice and the Columbia Navigation
Company's boat Dwyer were also held
in the ice. Th<> Merwin left Seattle on
the 10th of August last, and was ice
bound November 18. She was released ;
and started up the river June 8. Her j
passengers had a hard experi
: ence. Three of them died. On Febru
ary 24 W. B. Robertson of San Fran
cisco. GO years of age, died of exposure
and dysentery^ On March 28 V. F.
! Nordhoff perished while attempting to
! cross the portfire to Ntflate. and his
; partner Morgan was badly frozen.
| April 14 George Derwin of Masaachu
! setts died of dysentery, some say for
i lack of proper nourishment— in oth«»r
, words, starvation. The entire party
was reduced to the plainest living, hav
i ing exhausted si-^h luxuries as milk,
butter and sugar long since. Many of
the passengers went ashore and built
j cabins, while others stayed aboard the
j boat the entire winter. With the sprint?
' flood those on shore were compelled to
camp on the tops of their houses for
■ several days, and many lost all they
had: On June 7, from a man in a small
boat that had come down from Dawson
behind the river ice, they received the
first news from the outside world since
they left Puget Sound in August,
! learning that the United States was at
I war. Following is the brief history of
the passengers who shipped on the
Merwin last August, as learned from
! old Hiram Robblns of Little Rock, au
! thor of the "Arkansas Traveler," who
is one of them: The following arrived
in Dawse-n: Mrs. Bertha Turner and
Elizabeth Carr, wife of Jack Carr; Hi
ram Robbins, Dr. H. C. Bowers, C. E.
Knapp and J. L. George of Louisville,
William Moody, Evansville, Ind. ; Olive?
Quigley, Joseph Baker, Fred Oberg,
Grant Trellinger, Martin Pedterson,
Peter Peterson, all of Astoria; J. W.
Story, Marysville; J. B. Service, Leb
anon Ind.; J. A. Dwyer, San Francis
co- Charles F. Snider. Salina. Ohio;
! Patrick Cams, Harry Lewis and Christ
j Kennon of Butte, Mont.; James Bu
chanan and E. H. Hunt, Asheville, N.
C ; J. S. Partee, St. Joseph, Mo.; L.
Benneman, Thomas Severan, Los An
geles; William Bartells and L. Hasgin,
New York; M. Kappeld, Sioux City; W.
E Williams, Renton, Wash.; Henry
Sfhumbart, T. H. Simmons, Thomas
Maiarky. Washington; Mr. and Mrs.
! Sam Kirk, Charles Slaughter, Jack
Lawrence. William Boyden, W. Mc-
Gilvery. Paul Stein, L. Carson, John
Stewart, Alf Rowell, Rudolph Hanson
and Captain Nugent.
The following stopped at Circle City:
Allan Tucker, Archie Heath. W. H. Es
worthy, W. H. Weldon and C. W. Mc-
Murrin.
The following stopped at Eagle City:
John Howe, George Milfs of Tacoma, F.
P. Haverner, Boston; Thomas Ed
wards, Shamokln, Pa.: Robert O'Shea.
New York; W. S. Phillips and William
Shebert of Buffalo; Thomas J. Breis
man. New York; William Francis and
Captain Hob Thomas of Colorado; Wil
liam Clifton.
The following got off at Minook: H.
B. Porter and three brothers, Scott
Hartman. C. Seaman and John Barnum
of Idaho; J. W. Snider of Tacoma.
. The following went back to St.
Michael: J. A. Vail of Cripple Creek;
Thomas ''Mark and son, Seattle; J. C.
Garvey and brother of Chicago; C. A.
Whiteneck, Christ Ceaser, J. A. Nep
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
part, of Brooklyn; Professor Paul Kuf
f«*rman of Chicago; John Cummons,
Nfewberg, N. V.; David L. Le Blank,
New York.
The Alice, that also wintered at Min
evek Creek, arrived on the evenii
the 4th. bringing a number of passen
gers Kicked up on the river. She had
no through passengers, that is directly
from the outside, save two Mrs. Cathie
and daughter — who came over from St.
Michael by <log team just before the
steamer sailed.
The Alice suffered somewhat from
the crush of ice at the breaking up of
the river, and her barge w:ip submerg
ed find sunk and a quantity of the
i cargo lost. She came up the river with
j such a heavy load that she was twice
j compelled to stop and cache, part of it
in order to get through the flats. Even
then she was twice heM on sandbars
for over nine days. She has arrived in
good order, notwithstanding, and
brought up a big cargo.
She brought up the following named
passengers: Mrs. Cathie and daughter,
George Harrington, three Sisters of
Mercy. H. Raymond, Dr. Le Claire, W.
R. Wheaton, Stanley Fay, F. R. Bates,
Tom D. Drew. K. 8. Heap, g. P. Mc-
Gowan, J. H. Bender, J. Bonnehan, H.
D. Moore, W. K. Stevenson, J. Ford, H.
G. Moore, M. B. Crane, Right li.V.
Bishop Bompas, James Warner, J. B.
Doane, K. N. Pike, J. W. Spencer, G.
Myer, Sergeant Major Davis, Miss K.
Plikington, J. McDonald, Corporal W.
H. Conway, A. J. Beecher and wife, A.
R. Gardner, Constable C. Reed, Ber
nard Burgh, J. F. Boweli, C. Hender
son, Mra Pickett, R. J. Preston, Mrs.
Medlok, T. J. Smith, George W, Ross,
James Watson, Mrs. Thomas Barker,
J. H. Watson, son and daughter, C. C.
Chittlck, John Charles, D. H. Bdrcher,
Mr. and Mrs. Casper Ellinger and
James Mabee.
Stanley Fay and Mr. and Mrs.
Beecher were among the passengers of
the Excelsior who sailed from San
Francisco last July, bound for thin
place. They wintered at Minook. If
they had been delayed twenty-two days
longer they would have been just one
year on the way. Gabriel Cohn, an
other of the Excelsior's passengers, ar
rived on the Hamilton, having re
mained all winter with her. He also
remained with her on her return trip
down the river. The Alice's passengers
who were there during the winter all
speak weil of ihe Minook diggings, and
say that Rampart City is certain to be
a prosperous camp. Those who spent
the winter with the boat at Minook de
clare that the' little steamer Thomas
Dwyer, that wintered at the same
place, will not be able to get up the
river, as she lacks power to buck the
current. When the Alice passed her
she was making a struggle that ap
peared to all of them to be futile. Her
passengers, if they get here at all,
must come by some other boat.
The Governor Stoneman, tugboat,
that left San Francisco on August 9
List with a party of sixty-five, which
it was to bring up the Yukon on
barges, arrived here yesterday with no
barges and just nine of that party.
They are: Dr. C. J. McGovern, George
Morris, George Rosella, A. K. Varney,
H. Richrath, Ed Shaser P. Sullivan,
If. H. Davis, D. La Montagne. Most
of the party went back from St. Mi
chael of Dutch Harbor. Of those who
attempted the river the following is
the history: Remained at Novekakat,
where the, steamer wintered — John
Alexander and John Bleidon; started
for the Koyukuk— O. Wiseman and
James Hastings; went to Minook by
dog team during the winter— John
Mayne. J. M. Mehan, J. L. Sehofield,
Dan Holden, W. McKee, A. Johnson,
M. N. Kimball, R. L. Qulsberry and J.
P. Carson: stopped at Fnrt Yukon to
po prospecting from that pomt —
Thomas MeOnbe. Ed Mills, M. Blan
chard; stopped at Circle City — J. Crow
ley and Frank Joaquin.
F. H. Stevenson went back from
Nulato. having wounded his foot so as
to disnble him. Mat Braumagan left
the Governor Stoneman at Fort Yukon
and came up on the Bella. R. C. Nich
ols and Fred Hayworth, tired of wait
ing for the Stoneman to get off a bar,
left her in the flats and floated in a
small boat back to Novekakat to take
some other boat. B. F. Thomas went
to Circle City during the winter with
a dog team. A. Bafnaberg left the
Stoneman at Fort Yukon and came up
on the Alice. Joseph Steel, a man of
about 50 years of age, died from ex
haustion and exposure at Novekakat.
The little tug Hettie B, another of
the fleet of ill-advised ventures of last
summer starting from San Francisco,
arrived about the same time as the
Governor Stoneman. Of sixty-four
people with v.-horn she started only
seven arrived. They were: Captain
Corning, Robert Bain, .1. C. Murray.
M. O'Leary. J. A. Walsh, M. A. Nich
ols, F. E. Bovvers. A number of others
of the party came up on the Seattle
No. 1, and their arrival has been noted
in previous dispatches. Many went
back arrd a few are scattered along the
Elver, but the officers of the boat kept
no record of them. Both the Hot tie B
and the Governor Stoneham hid to
abandon their barges, as they were un
equal to the tas--k of bringing them up.
Ml c Hettie B, in fact, found great dif
ficulty in getting up herself, as she
draws four feet of water. The pas
s-users and crew of the Stoneman
were employed most of the winter in
fitting the craft to carry their thirty
tons of stuff up the river without the
barge To do this they took the boat
out of the water, cut her in two and
put twenty feet to her length with
lumber whipsawed out of the forest
They ma<l* a good job of it, under the
circumstances. Oakum and nails were
secured by dog team from Minook,
eighty miles away.
The history of every one of those hur
ried expeditions of last summer and
fall is a recital of disaster, loss, dis
appointment, a year of wasted time,
much suffering and death. This is the
story of those who crowded the decks
(,1- the Excelsior at San Francisco in
July and of the Humboldt at Seattle,
the Eliza Anderson, the May West and
the barges of the Thomas Dwyer, the
Governor Stoneman and the Hettie B.
and the St. Michael.
Hail storms, accompanied by heavy
thunder and lightning, have been fre
quent during the past ten days. The
river has risen considerably, relieving
anxiety about the expected boats from
down the river and the forest fires that
threatened to destroy the timber along
the whole upper river have been
quench. 'd. The forest tires have grown
from camp lires of the careless crowd
on their way in here.
I believe I have hitherto neglected to
mention the mosquito, about which so
much has been said. It was a gr.-ive
oversight. The mosquito is very num
- and a great nuisance in the
brush. P>ut the fact is he is scarcely in
evidence within the limits of Dawson.
Just why I cannot explain. Dawson is
on a swamp that would naturally be
expected to produce mosquitos without
limit, but it does not. Perhaps the peo
ple of the city are not good for mos
quitos. The mosquito of the brush —
up the creeks and elsewhere— is just
now being supplemented by the little
black gnat, to the greater torment of
the miner and all who go among th^m.
The drowning In - hirty Mile River
of Kenneth Btewart of Inverness, Scot
land, is reportt 1 here, also of Rev. Mr.
Lybn of London and a companion in
Lake Le Barge. Kenneth Stewart was
oi f a party of five from the place
named, led by Rev. Dr. Mac Donald.
Their boat was wrecked and all their
goods lost. Dr. Mac Donald climbed on
k In the middle of the river and re
mained there for over two hours until
another boat came and so nearly struck
the rock thru he was able to catch
hold of It and go through to a landing.
Dr. Mac Donald has arrived here with
the three companions who were saved.
Rev. Mr. Lyon and his companion were
trying to cross Le Barge in canoes.
That of Mr. Lyon capsized and he was
taken up by the other boat. In trying
to recover some of their goods this
canoe di<o capsized and both were
drowned^ Rev. Mr. Lyon was a Church
of England missionary, bound for this
city.
PASSENGERS AND GOLD
FROMDAWSON CITY
Keturning Klondikers Tell of Hard
Times Ahead for Tenderfeet
in Alaska.
SEATTLE. Ayg. s.— The steam schooner
Dirigo arrived from St. Michael, Alaska,
this morninp with ninety-seven passen
gers and a small amount of gold dust.
Twenty-seven of the passengers were
from Imvson. The most of them went in
overland this spring. They never stopped
at Dawson but left right down on the
river t'i Si. Michael, where they took pas-
Bage on the Dirlgo. The remaining pas
sengers were laboring men from Unalaska
and tit. Michael. Of the Klonrlikers those
having i^< .l< 1 dust were Charles Moore and
J. 11. Brown Of Midland, Ontario, Canada,
who had about $70.W0 between them, and
11. Miller with about the mime amount.
]■". \v. Spencer of Portland, Or., hart about
$40,000, made in steamboating on the Up
per Yukon.
It is estimated that the total amount of
gold '!> tin- Dirlgo was $200,000. J. H.
Brown said people are flocking out of
Dawßon aa fast as they know how. A big
<T.>wl is coming down the rtv^r in skiffs
and on rafts. There will be mu<-h suffer
ing at St. Michael unless the Government
Mini* relief to the crowd drifting there,
penniless and hungry. Alaska is a good
country and there is lots of gold there, but
a majority of the tenderfeet who rushed
in do not know how to handle it properly.
The Dirijfo left St. Michael July 23.
There was but little changp in conditions
at St. Michael. All the stranded steamers
except the National City and Progreso
are gradually working out of their
troubles and hope to get away soon. It
waa expected that the National City would
soon return to San Francisco with her
passengers. Tfce army officials are al
lowing pasengers from the steamers who
have no river connections to land if they
have 1000 pounds of provisions and are
willing to take chances on getting up tho
river. Under this ruling the Progreso
has landed about seventy-five paasenpers
out of her 300. The Tillamook had sailed
for San Francisco before tho Dirigo left.
TEXAS FEVER RAVAGING
FRESNO COUNTY STOCK
Many Horses and Cattle Dying in
the Pastures of Kings River
Bottoms.
FRESNO, Aug. 5.— A large number of
horses and cattle in the pastures of Kings
River bottoms, this county, have died of
the Texas fever, and by order of Veteri
nary Inspector Graham their carcasses
were burned. The fever is said to have
been introduced by a lot of cattle that
Crate Hayes brought from Texas some
years ago. Hayes 1 cattle were pastured
on bottom lands, and they communicated
the disease to other stock. Many o§ the
cattle in the herd of 1500 which was
brought to this county died.
James Graham, the veterinary surgeon,
visited the infected herds this week, and
says there is no doubt as to the disease
being Texas fever. The fever, according
to his investigations, is not a new thing
in Fresno County. He says that for years
stock on Kings River bottom lands, Mus
nel Slough and on Grant have been af-
t •■, ted with splenic fever during the sum
mer months.
SUPPOSED TO BE LOST.
Dispatch-Boat Plying Between Hong
kong and Manila Missing.
Special rable to The Call ami the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISVB. by James Gor
don I'.ennett.
HONGKONG. Aug. s.— The small steam
er Wingfoo, belonging to the American
firm of Jackson & Evans of Cavite, left
Hongkong on July 2 for Manila and it
is now Buppoped that she is lost. Bhe was
bust hoard of at Holsow, where .she was
driven by stress of weather. This steam
er was chartered first by Consul General
Wildman to carry dispatches to Admiral
Dewey On June 27 she had returned to
port and the dispatches were transferred
to another steamer, which arrived safely
at Cavite. Captain Hermann was the
only American aboard, the crew being
Chinese.
BRIGADIER GENERAL OSWALD H- ERNST, U.
S. V., One of the Most Active Brigade
Leaders in tr;e Porto Rican Campaign.
SUCCOR FOR THE
UNFORTUNATE ARMY
NOW AT SANTIAGO
Secretary Alger Had Taken Steps
for Removal Before Shafter's
Demand Came.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— ln proof of
the allegation that the War Depart
ment had bestirred itself to succor the
unfortunate army in Santiago before
the united protest was made the fol
lowing statement is given out by the
Secretary of War regarding the ship
ment of troops north from Santiago:
Until quite recently it was supposed
that yellow fever was epidemic in San
tiago, and it was not believed that it
would be safe to send shiploads north of
men largely affected with yellow fever.
The disease, it was believed, would spread
rapidly on shipboard, and result in the
death and burial of many at sen. On
the 28th ultimo the Secretary of War tel
egraphed to General Shatter that as soon
as the fever subsided the men of his
command will be moved north to a camp
that had been selected for them at Mon
tauk Point. On the 30th of July General
Shnfter telegraphed: "Made known Sec
i, . .-of War's telegram that troops
wou.d be moved north as soon as fever
subsided, and it had a very good effect on
the men."
When, however, the true condition was
made known an order was issued to Gen
eral Shafter to move his command north
as rapidly as possible, and all ships in
the quartermaster's service, possible to
get to Santiago, were sent there and
the great liners St. Paul and St. Louis
were also ordered there. All this was
done before the communication signed by
General Shafter and his generals r was re
ceived and before Colonel Roosevelt's
letter was published. Over 150 surgeons
are at Santiago, and 176 immune nurses
have been sent there, besides the ueual
hospital corps that always attend such
an army. There have been less deaths
in Santiago by yellow fever than by ty
phoid fever in any camp of the same size
in the United States.
The War Department has ordered
the regular fleet of transports at Ponce
to proceed to Santiago to join .with the
transports already there in bringing
General Shafter's army back to this
country. There are several l".Tge trans
ports with the fleet at Ponce, some of
them, like the Mobile, having a capa
city of 1000 men. In all, they have a
capacity for 6540 men. This, with the
ships already at Santiago, will give a
carrying strength of over 12,000 men
at a trip.
Surgeon General Sternberg has in
view several points for patients and
convalescents. The actual hospital
station will probably be located at
Montauk Point, where a field hospital
for 5000 patients is being prepared, in
addition to the hospital equipment
which General Shafter's forces will
bring along with them. But, besides
this, General Sternberg has in, view two
fine locations, where the bracing
mountain and lake air will help conva
lescents to recovery. These points are
Fort Ethan Allen, Vt, and the army
poßt at Plattsburg, N. Y.
The following report of the sanitary
condition of the American camp at
Santiago was made public at the War
Department this morning:
The War Department to-night posted
the following:
SANTIAGO, Aug. s.— Sanitary report
for August 4: Total sick, 3354; fever
cases. £548; total new cases of fever,
502; total cases of fever returned to duty,
549.'
Deaths August 4— Joseph Hynes, Troop
E Ninth Cavalry, and David Mertener,
Troop E. Third Cavalry, cause not re
ported; Peter L. Vanderboen, Company
L Thirty-fourth Michigan, malarial fe
ver; H. L. Pease, Company H, Eighth
Infantry, malarial fever; Patrick Nealy,
Company F, Thirty-fourth Michigan, yel
low fever; L. Pagner. Company G, Thir
teenth Infantry, yellow fever; Fred Ro
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When Hot
Don't sweat and fret, but keep cool
and take Hood's Sarsaparilla. This
is good advice, as you will find «if you
follow it. Hood's Sarsaparilla is a
first-class summer medirine, because
it is so good for the stomach, so cool-
ing to the blood, so helpful to the
whole body. Make no mistake, but
get only
Hood's Sa P Tma
America's Greatest Medicine.
H/w^H'o Dillc act harmoniously with
nOOU S r*lllb Hood ' S Sarsaparilla, 25c.
per, Company H, Twenty-first Infantry,
yellow fever; Alfred H. Taylor, Company
H. Twenty-first Infantry, yellow fever;
Owen Thornton, Company B. Thirty
fourth Michigan, yellow fever; Paul Zam
back, Company 13, First Illinois, yellow
fever; Charles Thoman, Company A,
Eighth Ohio, malarial feyer; William
Corn in. Company G, Twenty-second In
fantry, malarial fever; William Murphy,
Company E, Eighth Infantry, thermic
fever, exhaustion; William Gibson, Com
pany G. Seventh Infantry, typhoid fe
ver; Nathan J. Abbott, Company B, Sev
enth Infantry, typhoid fever.
SHAFTER,
Major General Commanding.
SANTIAGO, Aug. 4.— Adjutant General,
Washington — Sanitary Report for Aug
ust 3:
Total sick, 3778; total fever, 2696; new
i cases fever, 449; cases of fever returned
! to-day. 58i».
Deaths July 31— Private Conrad C. John
son, Company A, First Infantry, acute
dysentery .
August 2— Private Henry Boostell, Com
pany A, Eighth Infantry, dysentery; Pri
vate H. Galhraith, Company G, Seventh
Infantry, yellow fever.
August 3 — Sergeant Christian Larsen,
Company F, Twelfth Infantry, typhoid
fever; Private Thomas J. Barrett, Com
pany E, Seventeenth Infantry, chronic
dysentery; Private Henry Kaester, Com
pany L. Thirty-fourth Michigan, malarial
fever; Private Peter B. Baan, Company D,
Thirty-fourth Michigan, malarial fever;
Private Joseph Orenier, Company D,
Thirty-fourth Michigan, malarial fever;
Private George Martin, Company L, Thir
j ty-fourth Michigan, malarial fever.
TRULY UNPRECEDENTED
IN MILITARY ANNALS
A movement, unprecedented In mili
tary annals, has Just been Inaugurated
at Santiago de Cuba. The whole of
General Shafter's army, victorious over
their Spanish foes but In greater dan
ger from Cuban fevers, has been or
ADVERTISEMENTS. : .
QPENEARLY!
We. will have salesmen on hand at 7 a. m. to-day and every. day to serve " :
early comers. Purchasers who call before 10 a. m. are sure to get prompt
service and avoid the crowds who come later in the day.. This will be a
big day. Several items called bargains will doubtless be out by noon or -
before. We must keep our force busy. War times may mean good times >s
for the few, but hard times for the multitude. War prices are knocked out
all along the line. See what we say in. figures. ■ ■'. .. . '••■
FLANNEL 5H1RT5. . ... . . ...".. 25c j SCHOOL CRAY0N5 . . .......... 7c ;
There is not a better shirt worn than' These are full boxes chalk crayons; beat "■
we .sell to-day and Monday; finest tennis . money will buy; limit ,5 boxes; to-day and ."
goods money will buy; only sold at this Monday. • . ■
price to keep our sewing girls busy; 1 limit • • . ■ .
sLr 66 h srtB:s rt8: you ; ' payJs^ to *25 at credit LADIES' FINE HAT5. ........ ..10c
_---—- .. _ _ - c . ,-- Everything in tfimmea - and untrjmmed; "
UMBRELLAS Large, Strong. . ..25C heretofore 25c and many higher; put on ::'
uuiuttiit/unbf .. LI "S V| """"B iww bargain counter at 10c ft>r to-day and llon-
These are men's sizes for rain, which . day; no limit. _■ . ■ •: • ;
comes early' this year; worth 50c, - 75c, $1 • ' * :: — —
at credit stores; limit 2 L to-day and Monday , FLOWER AND. GARDEN SEEDS .. . 1 C
100 DOZEN T0WEL5. . ... ....... .5c t^. always Jjg**
Either Turkish, bath.huck or linen; not sell those in store; 1000 panerJ and onte '
* worth 50c, but worth 2 or 3 times price hundred- kinds. ._■ ■■ .
asked; limit 2 dozen; to-day and Monday. SCBOOLHOUSE FL^S. ,: . ..1 : :$f.J5
mfns wmi F^7» Rfc SCHOOLHOUSE FLAGS. $1.75
MfcN 5 bHObb— txtra ODC We have too many 10 foot banting flags; ' '
These are for very fine "calf button; folks they are worth more than 'double what *
say men do not appreciate bargains; we we ask; linen Bunting; perfect .In every
have not so found it: when- we offer $4 way; every school house should have a.
shoes for 85c. they go quickly; Saturday flag. • .-- ■■■■- •■ , /
and Monday only; 5 pair limit. . •' hat ciiu — - : • • . { ■".*•
IHFAT CHfIPPFR $100 "NOLEUM, sq. yard. .:..-.. : ..33c
AIEAI UIVITEK ..... ...... .91.00 ever hpar;i nt gHgh n n oo * eu :
This is the ; best make of chopper; this at this price? Well, we ar* selling goods,
one is the No. 2or {2 size; some get more;- . lots of them,, that's all- .0 fine patterns; ..
'" only .a few to close at this price. . all 2 yards wide; 2 days oily. •. ...
FUR SUITS FOR THE FAR NORTH FOR FAR LESS THAN COST, $12.50 UP.'
:. ' '• - '*" : — '■ ' ' i ' ':■ '■■
Ladies' "White Muslin Drawers, trimmed — 13c ilfn Wm I -|W Ps
Ladles' 75 cent Cloth Buskins, low 6s 25c 'W H H|H -' . H-&
li.-uliop' Jl Cl<nh Top I^n.-i- Shoes, 3s 25c ■ Q 8,. X |2
Blankets, silver gray, childrens' beds. pair.. 50c -^^*^ --."'■■..,; ' m • .V^^PT.
Infants' Black Wool Hose, 58 5c jffX rm SC^k ■■ ' fi> EH /t^. p^ ■*•<
Chlld'B <ir«y Cotton Hose, sto 7 oc m. M M?fc H STORE ;
Gold Pans. 75c kind, now 23c I IVll W* I Vf\l.
Garden Hose, 50-foot lengths. f00t.... 12 25 • •^-!-'*
Handled Axes; why pay *2; our price. .:.... .75c - OR.Q7 Market St.. S« F»
Washtubs, family use .-.' ...................55c *V ■*' inai rr'*' «*.., .?*• > •
dered north to a safe latitude and
their places are to be filled with men •
who - volunteered- to face "the oSti
lenee that stalketh by .noonday" a? well
as the Spanish bullets. v
These are.. "immune" regiments
composed wholly of men who have 1
ready once been .within the very eate*
of death and for whom no form of
fever has- .any dread, as they know that
they are more proof against such than
was Achilles from the darts of his
enemies after his dip into the River
Styx. . . ■ .
The immune regiment is distinctly an
American .institution- and an American
.innovation in the art of; war. Among
all the thousands of regiments that
make up the mighty hosts of .Europe
there is not a sing-In company .-,, of
"immunes." The Czar .would like to
have some for service in Siberia, where
he loses hundreds of his soldiers every j
year from the dread - Siberian fever.
England could use them well In India,
where the jungle- fever kills more
Englishmen every year than fall at the
hands of. their -enemies. France and
Germany too, could readily find use
for a few regime-nts of "immunes" in
their African possession? and save the
lives hundreds of their soldiers, who
fall" victims to the forest and swamp
feVerV on the Dark. Continent. These
nations however, who make the prepa
?at£n for war. a first object, cannot
have these, death-proof ■ regiments.
They have not the material to recruit
The United States already has six
full regiments with four more, nearly
filled up and if the necessity arose
?osd ra^three; times as .many ,
The idea of raising. whole regjmema
of men for service in Cuba who would
>an N Hood, a son of the late lieu
tenant General John B. Hood of Con
feifttre ie f aving West Point some time
in the early 80's Lieutenant Hood was
assigned to duty, on the Gulf Coast of
the Southern States and while there
was taken with yellow.. fever, at the ,
time somewhat epidemic. He had a.
severe case arid a. very narrow escape
having at- one time. been laid out fur
burial by his attendants. He recovered,
however, and when, the prospect of ser
vice in Cuba seemed certain he fully
realized the advantage that "immunes.,
men who, like- himself, had had the
' fever and were proof against further,
danger from all its. kin and kind, would .
have over men who had never, been ex
posed to it. "'•-_•• . j£i -i ■ °
His idea soon took shape in definite
plans. He went to Washington and
laid them before Secretary Alger a.nd- :
the President, both" of whom fully ap- .
proved of the Idea and took Immediate
steps for carrying out his plans. A •
bill was introduced by the House Mili
tary Committee providing for the en- ■
listment of a sufficient number of "im
munes" to. form ten regiments of ,1038
men each. Six of them were to be
white and four colored. Colonel Hood
was appointed to the command of one
of these regiments and at once returned
to New Orleans and. began .recruiting.
He soon gathered., at.- Camp Caffery,
near the city and named after the Sen
ator from Louisiana/ who was very ac
tive- in support of the bill, enough m.en /
to form two regiments, later two more I
were filled up in New Orleans. and with
recruiting in other Southern cities and
towns- the full number author' by
Congress has been nearly made up. j
There may be many other regiments
remarkable for uniformity of size,
color, nationality or whatever else, but
these immune regiments are. the most
unique military organizations in the
world without question. No matter
what other qualifications for enlistment
the applicant- may : show he must have
had a real genuine cage of yellow fever.
Musi have looked. death full and square
in the eye and touched his icy front.
Immunes are peculiar .people other
than the fearful experience they have
undergone. Yellow fever works won
derful -changes \m a \ man, both mental
and physical. /Sv<*ry jmateriaJ ; pnh***
and . every other, diseases germ seems
be literally cooked, out .of the. system'
by the high temperature and the pa
tient, if he recovers,- begins- life again
with a new body as it were. The
change in disposition is alike remarka
ble. Where before there was a ten
dency to anger, depression and discon
tent, there is patience and . amiability,
lightness and. buoyancy- and content
ment with life, without the impairment
of any of the better qualities of a man.
CARLIST AGENTS
ARE VERY ACTIVE
An English Firm Books a Large
Order for Arms and Ammu
nition.
Special cable to The' Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett. ' .
GIBRALTAR. Aug. 5.— When the Brit
ish Mediterranean squadron rounded Eu»
ropn Point the Spaniards were .encamped
at Carnero. The troops turned out great
ly excited.
The torpedo boats Halcon and Habana
have left since for Vigo.
Carlist agents are very active. A repre
sentative pi' an English firm tells me ha
has Just. nor. ked an order for 20.000 rifles
and 2,000.000 cartridges, to be delivered in
Switzt rland. . • •
Alice Bix Writes About the
Princess Who Wanted to Be Queen
In Next Sunday's Call.SLIM CHANCE
TO MISTER
Poor Facilities at Sac
:_'• Vt- ramento.
HUNDREDS MAY BE SHUT OUT
COUNTY CLERK HAMILTON'S
ARROGANCE.
Stubbornly Refuses to Provide the
Necessary Accommodations — Is
a Populist Candidate
for Re-election.
;•; V-V; •; Facial Dispatch to The Call,
■?\rKAMT:NTO. Aug. Si-Hundreds
of &*ers in Sacramento City will In all
•pW^bnlty be deprived of their rights
•Of .suffrage through the despotic and
■stuirbarn attitude of County. Clerk \..
■ : B,"' Hamilton. So rigorous and lnflex
•tbie Is th austere .official in the mat
tVr'of .providing facilities for registra
■jjrtn-ttiat It will be a physical impassi
on i't^"^ enable all citizens haying the
right: to register before the date and
■liie'-kVm^ limited by law. So persistent
•(s'he.'in compelling all citizens to come
; : tn >•:• . that he has appointed only a
■\'*ry vllmited number of ; registration
' rierlvS.. and those he has appointed are
:-Tlieb' af bis personal; choice who ; are
favorable to his candidacy, for re-elec
: tion- Mr. Hamilton is at present a
!^b :^vil.|-st, and in the coming election.
-%lii ; .i£ok to that party for his support.
Y- : -'Th^ Republican County Committee
,Valte.(3 :■; upon him the other day and.
■ asked -. or the privilege • of ; submitting
W. B. HAMILTON,
I"be Autocratic County ClerK of Sacramento County
Wrjo Is Compelling fill Voters to Come to Hi")-
. jo. him the names of some gentlemen
.vho .'would canvass certain localities
tow very much neglected. Notwith
itan.ding the fact that they agreed to.
t.'i&d. all the expense of such work. Mr.
Jami.rton" refused to grant the request.
>ther cities in California have adopted
cmc plan or another by. which the con
•enlMtee to voters in the matter of reg
istration might be reduced to a mini
num.. Mr. Hamilton's plan is just the
: eVerfie7 The greatest convenience to
h>i greatest number seems to. be his
sotto; ■'..••■:
In Oakland, for Instance, the clerks
t various markets and trading places
.re Civpn authority to register those
a their immediate neighborhood. This
wise and accommodating plan en
bUsß U»e; voters of each district .to reg
vithout the slightest trouble and
s in a full, satisfactory and com
resifttratlon. Had 'lt not been for
he .active part taken by the commit- .
tees/appointed by the vario.us clubs
hroufrhout the city the present state
; if, affairs would be even' worse than
. h«y now are.
;. Paid a. county commltteeman to-day:
"/"■Every -man has a right to guard the
. afjs'rests- of his candidacy from -every
tandrolnt and withhold every adyan
- .ace "from his adversary, but when, a
."■'. 'übjlc official. seeking further favors.
cm>r-s conveniences and denies privi
es, which should "be extended to the
. "•oter. ho has outstepped the bounds of
Toprif-iy and has allowed his zeal .for
.personal prestige to displace his obll
satJ^ ■ as a public officer." ' ■-■'■''■ ".'
• The filing againstiMr. Hamilton in
. Teases with his perslstincy to provide
• or -himself first, and when the day' of
pekoning - ..in, s he will discover his
listake; I' "it;, his present conduct the
ebple are beginning to believe that in
■ toad .of. conducting- a public rostra
ion office he ia maintaining a personal
■ ureau.in the Interest of his own aa
iratlons. \- ...
' ".:• Calaveras Republican Delegates
. £AN ANDREA^ An*. .-The Kpubil
. an County CentrU Committee mp't -h-ere
• 'D-day and electfl the. following dele
. ates to tho Stat«. Congressional arid
. Jatrict conventions: P. V\" pcp ce k- Mo
- clumne Hill: J. D. Baker. VaJlov
prtnps: Peter Johnson, Ange-ls.Camiv M
'-.rcLcdd; Murphy*; C. W. G^toHell Ran
. .ndreas. At-largp-\P. J. Sollnsky' San
-...ndrea-s^ C. D. FoAana. CopperopolJs
( >feorgo E. Stickle, Angcis- Camp.- ■ '
■ tenominated by Kern Republicans.
BAKERSFIELD, Ailg s.— The Republi
' "an- convention nominated Hon. B. c.
• ■=•'• .• . I -;•
Dale for Assemblyman to-day. He served
in the Legislature during the session of
1595.
WARMLY APPROVED
BY THE PRESIDENT
Plan of Starting a Fund Among
School Children for Building
a Battle-Ship.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— W. Rank-
Ingood and Harry Price of Cincinnati,
the two young men who originated
the Idea of starting a fund among
schoolchildren for the purpose of rais
ing money to build a battleship to be
called "The American Boy," are in the
city forwarding their plans. They
have had an interview with President
McKinley, who gave them the follow
ing letter indorsing their idea:
"W. Ranklngood, Cincinnati, Ohio —
My Dear Sir: The circular which you
have presented to me outlining your
plan for raising a fund with which to
build and present to the Government a
battleship has greatly interested me.
Love of country and devotion to the
flag were never more conspicuous in
America than they are to-day, and I
am sure our boys and girls will deem
it a privilege to be numbered among
the contributors to this patriotic un
dertaking. Very sincerely yours,
"WILX.IAM McKINLEY."
VATICAN INSTRUCTS
MANILA'S ARCHBISHOP
Ordered to Place Himself and Clergy
Under Protection of the
Americans.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Rome corre
spondent of the DaHy New« says: The
Vatican has telegraphed the archbishop of
Manila instructions to place himself and
his clergy under the protection of the
United States, in view of the threatened
attacks by the insurgents. The arch
bishop's position is very odd. bearing In
mind his foolish anti-American manifesto
at the beginning of the war.
CONSUL WOMAN
SOOTHES AGUINALDO
LONDON. Aug. 6.— The Hongkong cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says: "The
prospect of America bombarding the j
Philippines has well nigh brought on a
panic. The insurgent leaders are greatly ;
dissatisfied with the Americans and
British here. Mr. Wildman. the United
States Consul, has replied to Aguinaldo
as follows: 'Trust to the honor and Jus
tice of the United Stages and let nothing
interfere with the first task of throwing
off the Spanish yoke. I believe in you
and do not disappoint me.' "
; ": .".' , ': ■ ♦■ •
SACRAMENTO DEMOCRATS.
Delegates Appointed to the County
Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. s.— The Demo- I
cratic County Central Committee met
to-night and appointed delegates to the
county convention which is to meet on
the i^th. No definite step has yet been i
taken regarding- fupion, except that the j
Populists and Silver Republicans are
to meet on the same day of the Demo
cratic convention with a view of ar
riving at an understanding aa to a
division of the county offices.
Death of Captain Hubert.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— Adjutant
General Corbin to-day received the fol
lowing cablegram:
"PONCE, Aug. s.— Captain Edgar
Hubert, Ei~hth Infantry died of brain
fever at 7 o'clock last night. Notify his
wife at Fort Russell. GIL.MORE."
Captain Hubert was born In Georgia
and appointed to West Point from that
State. He graduated In ISBO from the
military academy. He was highly ac
complished in military matters and
was regarded as one of the most Intel
ligent and energetic officers In the
army.
General Jiminez Acquitted.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
. Herald. • Copyrighted. 18i>8. by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN. Aug. 6.— A private
cablegram received here to-f?ay states
that General Jiminez, who attempted to
overthrow the government of President
Jiruureaux, was acquitted at Nassau on
the charge of havins violated the foreign
enlistment act. It is reported that Jim
inez may aue the authorities at Inagua for
false Imprisonment.
Fever Claims Lieutenant Steele.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— -The fol
lowing cablegram has been received at
the War Department from Santiago,
via Haytl:
"Adjutant General U. S. A., Wash
ington: First Lieutenant James B.
Steele, Signal Corps, United States
Volunteers, died of yellow fever at 2
a. m. in hospital this day.
"LAGRADE, Surgeon."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
JIM REA IS
ON THE RACK
Much Worried Over the
Primaries.
FRAUDS TO BE CHECKED
ANTI-RING MEN WILL GTJABD
THE POLLS.
Attempt to Bulldoze School Children
and a Clergyman Made by
the Desperate
Boss. " ,
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. s.— The Republicans
of Santa Clara County who have in
dorsed the manly and fearless words
of Chairman Major Frank McLaughlin
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee are determined to leave no stone
unturned to have a good, clean Repub
lican ticket to present to the public at
the election this fall. They are working
every moment to have the voters erf
each of the precincts of the county put
forward good honest men as delegates
to be voted lor at the primaries on Au
gust 10 — men who are opposed to bass
ism, corruption and fraud.
The "gang," with all its cohorts, is
circulating all manner of reports de
rogatory to the character and standing
of many prominent members of the
league.
The Good Government League was
organized six months ago and for the
sole purpose of ridding the Republican
party and the voters of Santa Clara
County of their grossest incubus — a po
litical buss, with his organized cohorts
and supporters. It's membership now
numbers over 1600, and tne time has
arrived when they are ready to come
openly before tne public. In keeping
With that policy the members held
their Initial open meeting at Moreland
Schoolhouse Thursday evening, where
a number of interesting speeches were
made by officers of the league and by
residents of the vicinity. Professor S.
B. baunders was the presiding olticer,
and the voters and their families turned
out in full force. When they left the
hall many were the determined re
marks to leave no stone unturned id
give the better element a fair oppor
tunity to express their choice at the
primaries. Baliot-bo-x Stuffing, illegal
voting, the voting of Democrats, iiit
gal ballot counting and many other
gang devices are expected, and the
Good Government League will endeavor
to prevent these frauds.
The movement headed by the Good |
Government Club is a general uprising
of the populace against the methods of
BOSS Rea and the Mackenzie*. For
years these politicians have run things
In Santa Clara County and few public
officers had the backbone to oppose
them. It was the crookedness of these
ringsters that has brought Santa
Clara County's name into ill-repute
and made It a by-word all over the
State. The fact that the leaders of the
gang were Republicans also cast odium
upon that party in the county, and all
honest and decent Republicans were
being: driven from their organization.
Things reached such a state that it be
came necessary for the better members ;
of the party to act In order to save the
county from either becoming Demo- '
cratic or Populistic. It was at this
time that the Good Government Club
was organized. In it the Republican |
voters saw their party's salvation and
the freedom of the county from gang
rule.
Jim Rea and the Mackenzles are wor
rit (1 over the outcome of the primaries
next Wednesday. For years they have
had things their own wa*- and now
that the Good Government Club has
decided to drive them from the Repub
lican party they hardly know which
way tn turn. In the past week they
have made desperate efforts to CT et their
forces t"K-th>-r. All th^ir Lieutenants
are hard at work, and they will do all
they can to down the better element
at the polls.
Th.' school system has been polluted
by the ring dabbling in Its affairs, and
thousands of dollars of needless ex
-ense have been saddled upon the tax
payers in order to supply soft places
for th'-Ir h'-n<-hinen.
The recent trouble in the High School
has dun.- a great deal to stir up things.
The revolt of the students against tin
dismissal of Professor L. R. Smith
from the High School has proved the
means of informing the pupils' parents
of the way things are conducted in the
School Department.
Charges of immorality in the school
were made from the pulpit by the Rev.
Dr. Macltjren a few weeks ago. A few
days after Boss Rea waited upon the
clergyman and asked him to keep qulot.
Hf said it would do no good to stir up
the matter and would give the s?hooi
a bad reputation. Dr. Maclaren re
fused to be hushed up by the boss.
Principal A. E. Shumate of the High
School has made eeveral trips to Dr.
Maclaren's residence on the same, mis
sion. During the past ten days Rea
has been stopping the High School
students on the Htreets and taking
them into his office. He tried to
coax the students to return to the boy
cotted school next term and when they
refused he used threats. It is safe to
predict that not over 100 of the 325
students of the High School will attend
next year. Most of them.will go to the
Santa Clara School, where Professor
Smith has been elected principal. Thus
the empty new $75,000 High School
promises to stand a monument to the
corruption of Boss Rea and the old
City Board of Education.
The meeting of the club to-morrow
will be the largest and most enthusias
tic ever held. All arrangements for the
primaries will be completed. Ad
dresses will be made by prominent
members.
FOB THE AMERICA'S CUP.
Sir Thomas Lipton Explains the Na-
ture of His Challenge.
LONDON, August s.— Sir Thomas
Lipton informs the Associated Press
that the Yacht Racing Association has
no jurisdiction in the matter of his
challenge for a series of races for the
America's cup, the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club having, as a matter of etiquette,
asked the approval and advice of the
association. Therefore, the Royal Ul
ster Yacht Club will issue an independ
ent challenge within a few days.
The fact has Just transpired that ten
days ago Sir Thomas Lipton visited
Marlborough House and presented the
Princess of Wales with a check for
£100,000 to start dining rooms in Lon
don, at which working people may se
cure substantial meals for from 2 to 8
cents. There will be a central dining
room, capable of accommodating 2000
people simultaneously. It is expected
that from eight to ten thousand din
ners will be served there dally. The
trustees, of which the Princess or
Wales will be one, will shortly be ap
pointed to manage the project, which
will be known as the "Alexandra
Trust."
CAPTAIN CHARLES E. CLARK, Who Has Been Invalided Home.
COMMANDER
CLARK IS ILL
The News a Shock to
His Friends.
HAS BEEN INVALIDED HOME
CHARACTER OF HIS ILLNESS
NOT KNOWN.
Captain Barker of the Newark Ap
pointeu to the Command of
the Famous Battle-Ship
Oregon.
Special Plapatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Captain
Charles E. Clark, commanding the bat
tleship Oregon, has been condemned by
the Board of Medical Purvey and has
been detached and granted six months'
leave. Orders to this effect were is
sued to-day by Secretary Long. This
was the result of a cablegram from
Hear Admiral Sampson announcing
that Captain Clark has been ill, and la
dow unfit to remain in command of
his ship. The cause of the officer's dis
ability Is not known. Secretary Long
and Captain A. S. Crowninshield, chief
of the Bureau of Navigation, had a
conference, during which it was deter
mined to transfer Captain A. S. Bar
ker, commanding the Newark, to the
battleship as Captain Clark'B SUC
re:- -. >r.
The news of Captain Clark's Illness
came ac a shock to his Washington
friends in and out of the navy, who
have followed with Intense interest his
notable trip from San Francisco
around the Horn to Florida, and noted
with added interest his conduct of thfe
( >i>'Kon in the battle with Cervera's
squadron.
It is believed at the Navy Depart
ment that Captain Clark is suffering
from some climatic affection, induced
probably by the tremendous strain un
der which he has been for months.
Captain Clark entered the navy on
the L'Dth day of September, 1860. He
was commissioned as captain on the
21st of June, I.SPG, and took command
of the Oregon on the 17th of last March.
He is a powerful man, both physically
and mentally. He has never known
what it is to be sick, having had scarce
ly a day's sickness in his life.
NEW YORK, Aup. s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Tribune, tele
graphing of Captain Clark's illness,
says: For sorm> days it had been known
that the strain of overwork incidental
to the memorable voyage of his peer
less ship around Cape Horn and the
arduous tour of watch duty off San
tiago, culminating in the magnificent
dash past the other battleships when
Admiral Cervera attempted to escape,
had seriously affected Captain Clark's
physical strength and that he was on
the verge of breaking down. Only a
few weeks ago his responsibilities were
augmented by the selection of the Ore
gon as Commodore Sehley's flagship
and orders were issued appointing
Captain r],-,rk chief of staff.
The additional duties imposed by this
assignment were of an exhausting and
worrying character and they quickly
told on him. Naval officers fear that
Captain Clark's active career Is ended,
although in rare instances a period of
rest has resulted In the complete re
cuperation of officers under somewhat
similar circumstances, notably in the
case of Admiral Slcard. who was com
pelled to relinquish command of the
North Atlantic squadron several
months ago, but has been able to pre
side over the sessions of the Naval
War Board.
GOOD BOADS FOR MONTEREY.
Two New Boulevards Completed Be-
tween Salinas and
Spreckels.
SAI..TNAS, Aug. s.— Two new boulevards
to Spreckels, extending over a distance of
five miles, were completed this afternoon.
The new roads are the best in the county
nnrt are the first and only lime-rock roads
ever built in the State.. In their construc
tion over 15,000 cubic yards of lime rock
from the Spreckels quarry at Alisal was
used and rolled. Under the personal su
pervision of George W. Elder, the con-i
tractor, th»> work has been completed with
in the contract time, which was four
months. The Hoard of Supervisors ex
press themselves greatly pleased and will
nave all the approaches from the. city to
the sugar factory constructed In a similar
manner.
INVADED THE DEATH CHAMBER
HAMBURG. Aug. s.— The police here
are proceeding, at the Instance of Prince
Herbert Bismarok, under an application
to the Altonla Provincial Court, against
two photographers. "Wilkie and Priester,
for entering the castle of Friedrichsruhe
and photographing the remains of the late
Prince Bismarck shortly after his death.
The proceedings are based on the criminal
code dealing with "breaches of domestic
peace."
Bice Will Become Colonel.
BOSTON, Aug. s.— Governor Wol
cott was to-day officially Informed of
the resignation of the colonel and
lieutenant colonel of the Sixth Massa
chusetts Regiment. The Information
was received from Major General
Miles, who recommended to Governor
Wolcott for appointment as colonel of
the Sixth Regiment Lieutenant Colonel
Edmund Rice, U. S. V. The Governor
will probably select Rice. The reason
for the resignations is not given.
SECOND TRIP
SUCCESSFUL
Return of the Wanderer
to Key West.
LANDS HER CARGO IN CUBA
ARMS AND AMMUNITION FOB
INSURGENTS.
Three Different Points Are Supplied
Without Accident or Any
Necessity for Firing
a shot-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Aug. s.— The steamship
"Wanderer returned here to-day after
effecting a successful landing of arms
and ammunition at three different
i points on the Cuban coast.
She left here early in July with about
forty Cubans and eleven memt-ers of
the Third United States Cavalry to
protect the landing of about 200) rifles
and carbines, with nearly a million car
tridges.
On July 23 she attempted to discharge
! her cargo at Bahia Honda, province of
Plnar del Rio, but was ft.-ught off by
a force of "00 Spaniards, who peppered
the ship's hull with Mauser bullets,
killed three Cuban scouts who were
waiting to receive the expedition and
; wounded six of the Wanderer's crew.
I The steamer then came back to Key
: West, left her injured men in the hos
| pita) here and started on her second
attempt. This time sne went to a point
', about six miles east of Bahia Honda,
| where she met a small party of insu.-
1 gents from Colonel Zarlllo's forces, but
jno Spaniards. About one-third of her
! cargo was discharged here and twenty
llv-' Cubans were put aahore.
The Wanderer then headed for the
mouth of the Manati River, province
o-f Puerto Principe, where on the night
of July 30 she landed without difficulty
about the same quantity of arms and
I ammunition and seven Cubans. From
i there she went to Puerto Padre, in the
I same province, where the remainder of
her cargo and men were disembarked.
All three landings were made without
i the necessity of firing a shot.
NINE SURVIVORS OF THE
TUG KEYSER RESCUED
But Captain Allen, Who Was in Com
mand, the Steward and a
Fireman Were Lost.
PENSACOLA, Fla., Aug. '>.— The fish
ing smack Isabella arrived here this
I afternoon with nine survivors of the
' tug W. O. Keyser of this port, which
I left here Tuesday morning to meet the
i tug Nimrod of Mobile, oft Cape San
Bias, and assist with a tow. The Key-
S'-r had not overtaken the tug and her
tow when a gale struck her. About 6
o'clock that night the wind increased
> and by midnight had reached a veloc
ity of eighty miles per hour. Shortly
| afterward the wind changed to the
i northeast and the tug was in the midst
of a hurricane. She was thrown on
! her beam ends and rapidly went to
: pieces. Nine of the crew of thirteen
j escaped in a lifeboat. After eight
hours they were tossed upon the beach
at St. Joseph Bay. Captain W. S. Allen,
I who was commanding the tug. the col
ored steward. William Henry Brown,
and Goodfellow, a white fireman lately
from St. Louis, were lost.
The Nimrod lost her smokestack and
was badly damaged, but succeeded in
reaching St. Joseph Bay. Her tow, the
dredge Herndon and two scows from
Mobile, which were being carried to
Dry Tortugas, foundered.
MRS. EMMA PARKER
SECURES A VERDICT
SAN JOSE, Aug. s.— After being out
since late Wednesday afternoon, the Jury
in the George H. Parker will contest came
into court at P:3O this morning with a ver
dict for the contestant, Mrs. Emma Par
ker, breaking the will. This was the third
trial of the suit. In the first the Jury was
unable to agree. In the second a verdict
was returned for the contestant. A nt-w
trial was granted. ,•-_..
Mrs. Emma Parker Is the widow of Ed
ward Parker, the only child of George H.
Parker. The marriage was bitterly op
posed by Parker Sr., and he cut his son
off with only a life estate. The widow
sued to break the will on the grounds of
undue influence and insanity.
The Jury to-day found that there had
been undue Influence. All agreed to this
but one. If the verdict stands the con
testant becomes the heir of the whole es
tate, which Is valued at between a quarter
and half a million dollars.
Soldiers Die From Typhoid Fever.
CINCINNATI, Aug. s.— Three deaths
from typhoid fever is the record from
Fort Thomas Hospital to-day, as fol
lows:
Charles Roberts, Company L., Sixth
Cavalry.
Edson F. Hoppook. Sixth Cavalry.
William A. Reynolds, First Ohio
Infantry. t
Torpedo-Boat Mackenzie's Speed.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 6.— The tor
pedo boat Mackenzie, built atHlUman's
shipyard in this city, was given a trial
by her builders and succeded in mak
ing an average of about 23 knots an
hour. Her contract required at least
a 20-knot speed.
AWFUL ORDEAL
AT SANTIAGO
Wading a River Under
a Withering Fire.
SURVIVOR 0 . FALL EXHAUSTED
FIGHTING BY DAY AND WOSK-
ING AT NIGHT.
General Wheeler Tells of the Great
Battle — Praises His Troops
and Reports the Casual
ties to Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— The follow
ing report of Major General Joseph
Wheeler on the operations before San
tiago de Cuba has been made public:
BEFORE SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July
7, I&HB.— To the Adjutant General. Fifth
Army Corps— Sir: After the engagement
of June 24 I pushed forward my com
mand through the valley. Lawton's and
Kent's commands occupying the hills in
the vicinity of that place. After two
days' rest, Lawton was ordered forward,
and on the night of the ."Wth instructions
were given* by Major General Shatter to
this office to attack Caney, while the cav
alry division and Kent's division were
ordered to move forward on the regular
Santiago road. The movement com
menced on the morning of July 1. The
cavalry division advanced and formed In
line with Its left near the Santiago road,
while Kent's division formed its line with
the right joining the left of the cavalry
division.
Colonel McClernand of General Shaf
ter's staff directed me to give instruc
tions to General Kent, which I complied
with in person, at the same time per
sonally directing General Summer to
move forward. The men were all com
pelled to wade the San Juan River to
get Into line. This was done under very
mavy fire of both infantry and artillery.
Our balloon, having been sent right by
the main road, was made a mark of by
the enemy. It was evident that we were
as much under tire in forming the line as
we would be by an advance, and I there
fore pressed the command forward from
the covering under which it was formed.
It emerged into open space in full view of
the enemy, who occupied breastworks
and batteries on the crest of the hill
which overlooks Santiago, officers and
men falling at every step.
The troops advanced gallantly, snon
reached the foot of the hill and ascended,
driving the enemy from their works and
occupying them on the crest of the hill.
To accomplish this required courage and
determination on the part of officers and
men of a high order, and the losses were
very severe. Too much credit cannot be
given to General Summer and General
Kent Rnd their gallant .brigade com
manders. Colonel Wood and Colonel
Tarroll of the cavalry: General Hamilton
S. Hawkins, commanding the First Bri
gade, Kent's division, and Colonel Pear
son, commanding the Second Brigade.
Colonel Carroll and Major Weasels were
enabled to return and resume command.
General Wyckoff, commanding Kent s
Third Brigade, was killed at 12:10; Lieu
tenant Colonel Worth took command iind
was wounded at 12:1S; Lieutenant Colo
nel I.lpcum then took command and was
wounded at 12:20, and the command then
devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel Ewers,
Ninth Infantry.
I'juin reaching the crest I ordered
breastworks to be constructed find sent
to the rear for shovels, picks, spades and
axes. The enemy's retreat from the
ridge was precipitate, but our men were
so thoroughly exhausted that it was im
possible for them to follow. Their shoes
were soaked with \ ater by wadinp the
! San Juan River. They had become
I drenched with rain, and when they
reached the crest they were absolutely
unable to proceed further. Notwithstand
ing this condition these exhausted men
labored during the night to erect breast
works and furnished details to bury tho
dead and carry the wounded back in im
provised litters. I sent word along the
line that reinforcements would soon reneh
us and that Lawton would Join our right
and that General Bates would come up
and strengthen our left.
After reaching the crest of the ridge
General Kent sent the Thirteenth Regu
lars to assist in strengthening our right.
At midnight General Bates reported and
I placed him in a strong position on the
left of our line. General Lawton had at
tempted to join us from Caney, but when
very near our lines he was fired upon
by 'the Spaniards and turned back, but
Joined us next day at noon by a circuitous
route During all the day on July 2 the
cavalry division, Kent's division and
Bates'* brigade were engaged with the
enemy, being subjected to a fierce fire
and incurring many casualties, and later
in the day Lawton's division also became
engaged.
During the entire engagement my Btaft
performed its duty with courage, judg
ment and ability. Special credit is due to
Lieutenant Colonel J. H. DorsU Major
W A Beach. Captain Joseph E. Dick
man and Lieutenant M. F. Steel. I de
sire also to say that Lieutenants James
H Reeves and Joseph Wheeler Jr., Cap
tain William Astor Chanler, Major B. A.
Cuilngton. Aurelius Mestre and Corporal
John Lundmark also deserve high com
mendation for courage and good conduct.
Major West, my quartermaster de
■erves special commendation for his en
erev and good conduct during the cam
paign, and Major Valerey Harvard and
Leonard Wilson have also done their
full duty. Captain Hardy and First lieu
tenant P. J. Koester. with Troop G. Third
Cavalry were detailed with headquar
ters and conducted themselves hand
somely under fire. The superb courage
displayed by the officers and men will be
especially mentioned in the reports of
subordinate commanders.
Our losses were as follows:
First Brigade— Third Cavalry— Killed, 3
men- wounded. 6 officers, 47 men; strength,
officers 22, men 420. Sixth Cavalry-
Killed 4 men; wounded, 4 officers. ;>0
men- strenr 16 officers 427 men. Ninth
Cavalry— Killed, 2 officers, 2 men: wound
ed. 2 officers. 17 men; strength, 12 officers,
207 men. _ , ..,,, - ,
Second Brigade— First Cavalry— Killed. 1
officer, 12 men; wounded. 1 officer. 4. men;
missing, 1 man; strength. 21 officers, 00l
men. Tenth Cavalry-Killed. 2 officers. 5
men- wounded. 9 officers. 63 men: missing,
4 men: strength. 22 officers, 450 men. First
Volunteer Cavalry— Killed, 1 officer. 12
men; wounded. 5 officers. 72 men: miss
ing 1 man; strength, 25 officers. 51< men.
Following is a list of the officers killed
and wounded in the cavalry division:
Officers killed — Lieutenant Colonel
James A. Hamilton, Ninth Cavalry; Ma
jor Albert G. Forse. First (favalry; Cap
tain W O O'Neil, First United States
Volunteer Cavalry; First Lieutenant Wil
liam B. Shlpp. Tenth Cavalry: First lieu
tenant W H. Smith. Tenth Cavalry; Act
ing Assistant Surgeon H. W. Danforth,
Ninth Cavalry.
Officers wounded — Lieutenant Colonel
Henry Carroll, Sixth Cavalry, command
ing First Brigade; Major Henry E. Wes
sels Jr.. Third Cavalry: Major T. J.
Wint Tenth Cavalry: Major and Assist
ant Surgeon H. la Motte. First United
States Volunteer Cavalry: Major W. C.
Hayes' First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry;
Captain J. B. Kerr. Sixth Cavalry; Cap
tain George A. Dodd, Third Cavalry: Cap
tain George F. Hunter, Third Cavalry:
Captain G. W. Taylor. Ninth Cavalry;
Captain A. P. Blocksom, Sixth Cavalry;
Captain John Blgelow Jr.. Tenth Cavalry;
Captain M. T. Henry. First United States
Volunteer Cavalry; Tirst Lieutenant A.
H Barnum, Tenth Cavalry; First Lieu
tenant Arthur Thayer. Third Cavalry:
First Lieutenant O. P. Mayer. Third
Cavalry; First Lieutenant W. S. Wood,
Ninth Cavalry: First Lieutenant A. C.
MurriUat, Third Cavalry: First Lieuten
ant E. D. Anderson. T^nth Cavalry; First
Lieutenant R. C. Livermore, Tenth Cav
alry; First Lieutenant Carr. First United
States Volunteer Cavalry; Second Lieu
tenants Willard. Tenth Cavalry; Walter
C. Short. Sixth Cavalry: F. R. McCoy,
Tenth Cavalry: T. Roberts, Tenth Cav
alry; H. K. Devereaux, First United
States Volunteer Cavalry: H. C. White
head, Tenth Cavalry: First Lieutenant R
C. Day. First United States Volunteer
Cavalry; Cadet L. M. Haskell, First
United States Volunteer Cavalry.
General Kent's report of casualties has
been forwarded. There were: Killed, 12 of
fleers, 87 men; wounded, 36 officers, 661
men; missing 62 men. ■ .
The strength given In the statemeni
above is the aggregate strength of tht
command, but as there were many details'
the above figures are about 15 per cent
greater than the forces actually engaged
in battle. General Kent's force on Julj
1 was about 4000.
The command has been active .In
strengthening its positions and command
ers and their staffs have thoroughly in«
formed themselves as to the topographi
cal features of tho country and the situa
tion of the enemy. Very respectfully,
JOSEPH WHEELER,
Major General Volunteers.
A true copy. i
JOSEPH WHEELER JR.. Aide.
ZOLA'S APPEAL DISMISSED.
So the Sentence and Fine of the Vex.
sailles Assize Court Stand.
PARIS. Aug. s.— The Court of Cessation
has dismissed the appeal of M. Emile. Zola
against the decision of the Versailles Ab
slzps Court of July 18, in overruling sev
eral objections raised by M. Laborie,
counsel for M. Zola. The Versatile*
court upon that occasion also refused tt
suspend the trial, while the defendant*
appealed against the overruling, where
upon M. Laborie announced that he would
allow Judgment by default and M. Zola
and M. Perreaux. the managing editor of
the Aurore. were sentenced each' to a
year's imprisonment with 3000 francs fina
and to pay the costs of the suit, which,
was for libel, brought against them by th«
officers who composed the Esterhazy
court martial. '
SANTA CLARA
BILL SHAVING
Attorney Leib Wields the
Knife.
CUTS INTO THE EDUCATORS
WOULD NOT ALLOW CERTAIN
CHARGES.
Instructs Officials of the Board of
Education as to How They
Should Present Tueir
Claims. " • • *V. .
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
SAN JOSE, Aug. s.— Attorney S. F.
Leib, to whom was referred the legality
of bills of members of the County
Board of Education, rendered an opin
ion to-day that is likely to affect a
number of monthly claims presented to
the county. The opinion states that all
bills of expenses of officials must be
itemized and contain dates and names
of parties to whom paid. He holds that
members of the Board of Education
are only entitled to pay when a quorum
is present, and that part of a day shall
not be counted as a whole. He recom
mends that an expense bill filed by Su
perintendent CJjipman for $13 90 be cut
to $3 40; that fnother for $54 70 be cut
to $5 70. and that he be allowed to file
new bills without prejudice; also that
the claim of Superintendent Chipman.
for $120 for services as secretary of the
board be cut to $35, as It Is not shown
that there were any more meetings of
the board.
Bills of other members of the board
also came in for a good shaving, and
it is shown that they made the same
mistake in overcharging as Chipman.
Miss Cornelia Farley's bill is scaled
down from $110 to $60; that of H. M.
Bland from $120 to $60; Elmer Brown
ell's from $114 20 to $69 20; W. W. Pet
tit from $123 40 to $60 70.
Attorney Leib says that no services
should be paid for which the minutes
of the board do not show to have been
performed.
Superintendent Chipman claimed
that as secretary of the board he was
entitled to ?f> per day for each time
the board met, as he was obliged to
write up the minutes and attend to
other matters. The claims of other
members were for work done at home
on examination papers.
FOR
WEAK AND
WEARY MEN
There is help. There is assistance that
actually alters the state of living. Weak
men have weak backs. Weary men do not
feel inclined to work. Weak and weary
men have no such fee/ing as that of full
power or of vitality. They are at all times
forced to confess that they are unfit for the
duties of man. A man who is full of power
goes at his daily work with vim and a sense
that he can accomplish all he desires to.
The puny man never does this. He fears at
all times. He shakes. His nerves are half
gone. "Hudyan" restores nerve power.
"Hudyan" is the one thing that does. The
bright look in the eyes, the feeling of confi-
dence, the grand muscular development of
all of the organs and the sense of vigor art
produced by it. It is Nature's remedy fot
the men of weak and weary constitutions.
Circulars showing what it has done fot
20,000 people are gladly sent you abso-
ute/y free. No charge is made for medi-
cal advice either. Suppose that you have
blood taint — shown by loose teeth, falling
out of hair, thinning of eyebrows and in
other ways — why not have some good ad-
vice about it as long as it costs not a
cent ? fou could not get better help if
you paid $1000 for it.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
ETOCKTON. MAHKET AND ELLIS 8T3..
San Francisco, Cal.
34
BLUE DEVIL
OF CALIFORNIA
Ran Like a Scared Wolf
From Start to Finish.
FILON DOR A GOOD ONE
WELL-BACKED HORSES WIN AT
BRIGHTON BEACH.
Every Favorite Beaten at Chicago
and but One Lonely First
Choice Successful at
St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— Several heav
ily played horses got home in front this
afternoon, notably Continental and
Blue Devil. The latter, bred near
Sacramento, Cal., was plunged on as a
••p..ntl thing," and led from the barrier
raise to the finish. Maher rode but
one winner to-day, O'Leary carrying
off the riding honors with two wins to
his credit. The track was heavy, but
dried up fast, and was in fair shape
for' the last race.
First race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockey*. %. %. %. Str. Fin.
Doggert, 95 -....•-.... Songer 0 0 3 113
Tinge. 90 ............Moody -3 . 3 0 0 2ns
Her Own. 93......,0?C0nn0r. Ins lh 2 . 3 3
•Burlesque, 95 ..Thompson 2 -2 1 In 9
Taranto, 101 -. Bergen 0 0 0 0 0
•••Time. 1:44"i. Won easily. Second and third
driving. . ■ ' ■ - '
Straight odds against first three— to 1, 6
to 1 and 2% to 1. .
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, .five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, ft %■ Str. Fin.
•Althea S9 O'Connor 2 2 13 11
Hop Scotch, it McCue 11112 2ns
Tophet ST '. Moody 0 3 In 3
Fulminate. SI Hothersall 3 0 0 0
Time. 1:03. Won handily. Second and third
driving. • == .-• ■
Oliver Mask 107, Top Note 104, Improvident
• 104, Klondike Queen 95. Sagasta 95. Loch Fyne
86, Crown *■", Earline S4 and May Landls 98
also ran.
• Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1, 10 to
• 1 and 15 to 1. • • • • ' . ■ -•: .
•Favorite. . .„ . . .. •
Third race, three-year-olds, selling, mlla and
a' sixteenth: '.----..-• •
• Name- and Wt. Jockeys. %. Vi. %,. Str. Fin.
Gun Metal, 105..*O'Leary . 1. 1 131513
•Long Acre.' 100 Moody 3 2 2 2152 50
May Roselle, 95.... McC0y 2 3 3 3 3
Time l:50»i. Won easily. Second driving.
Straight odds against first three— Even, 7 to
' 10 and 20 to 1. .
•Favorite.
. Fourth race. . handicap, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. M. . V;- %. Str. Fin.
•Continental, 120 Maher 11.1 1
Tripping, 122 ...... Vogfcett 2-2 2 2
Bastion. 97 O'Connor. 3:3- '3 3 3
Time, 1:29%. Won handily. Second and third ;
Straight odds against first three— 3 to 5. 6 to
5 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, handicap, two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, ft %. Str. Fin.
•Filon dOr 328 Sin«ns.3..- 3 In 111
Federal. 114 DQSgetJ In In 2n 2 1
Exception. 106 ...' ..James 0 0 0 3
Rusher, 118 ..........O'Connor 2 2 0 0
Tennitrf, 104 Mah<jr 0 0 3 0
Effervescent. 124 . .' Song* 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:02%. Won handily. Second and third
driving. ' '
Straight odds against first three— 2% to 1, 3
to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth:
Narre and Wt. Jockeys. H. H- %. Str. Fin.
•Blue Devil. lll..O'Leary 11111
8 Abrngdon, 9S.... Bergen 0 2 2 2 2 1
•Field Lark, 110.... Maher 2 3 3 8 3
Bergen. 108 Collins 3 0 0 0 0
Time . 1:43. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Taranto 111 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— Even money,
B to 1 and even money.
•Favorites. ' -
SIX FAVORITES DEFEATED.
Form Figurers Have a Hard Day at
Harlem Track.
CHICAGO, Aug. s.— There were six races over j
Harlem track this afternoon and six times
■were the favorites defeated. Hanlfght and Lo
cust Blossom were the surprises that hurt the )
talent particularly. The track was fast. Tom- j
my Burns clinched his claim to the local rid- I
ing championship by putting four winners over j
the plate. '.'. . A . '•
Pint race, two-year-olds, five and a half fur
long? : . .*'.,'.■
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Hanllght. 107 N. Turner. 2' 2 . 2 1
•Survivor, 112 Rutter 0 0 0 2ns
Tulla Fonsrt. 107....McNtchols 13 13 14 3
Bill Anthony. 105.... T. Burns 3 3 3 0
Time..l:o7H. Won cleverly. Second and third -
driving. ; .....,,
Cheval dOr 105, Lucille Bramble 107. Faus
tile 109. The Dragoon. 112, Vblandlea 112, Prince
McClurg 112 arid 1 Barabas 112 'also ran.
Straight odds against first three— to 1, Bto
I and 4 to 1. ' • '■ ■■' '
. •Favorite. • '; ' :
Second race, Belling, mile and a sixteenth: ;
.Name and Wt. Jockeys. U- jfc. ' .%. Str. Fin.
Madrllene. 101 ..T. Burns . 1.1.1 1 .1 1 . 1 1 .
•Dunols 110 .-• Rutter 3 3 3 2 2 ■
Muskalcnge, 10$ .- Hart 0 0; 0 0 3■•
•Bishop Reed, ■ 106.. Turner 2 8 2.3 0
Time. 1:4714. Won handily. ' Second and third
driving. ■ ' ■ . • •
. Yuba Dam. 103 and Cains 103 also ran.
. Straight odds against first three— 3 to 1. 7 to.
10 and B to 1... .......
• •Favorite. ( - v . .
Third race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin,.
• Sea Lion. 110. ..'....... T. Burns '2- 3 3 1
Miss Marks. 107....:... J. Reiff 0 0 2 2
•Queen of Song. 104. . N. Turner 3 0 0 8 •
Frank Bell. ILS: L. llelff- 1110 -;
• Hardy Pardee, 110 — wood 0 2 0 0
Prlmavera, 100. \...%... Everett 0. 0 0 0
Time. 1:02. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
■ Straight odds against first three— 3 to 1. 12 to
1 and 3 to 2.
•Favorite. -_';: .;- • •
Fourth race." selling, one and a quarter miles:
Name and Wt. - Jockeys. K. %. %. Str. Fin.
-Moncrelth. 110 ..T. Burns- 2 - 2 2 0 1%
Forte. 101... Everett - 0 0 0 0 2.
*Morte Fonse. 113.Caywood 0 8 3 2 3
. Friar John, 106 Conley 10 0 8 0
• Swordsman, 106 ..Shepherd 3 1111110
Time, 2:08.- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Del Paso II 108 -also ran. .". * . - ' .- •
Straight odds against first three— 4 to 1, 2 to
1 and 6to 0. .:■■■,:. ' ' . ' ■ '.
•Favorite. .".■',;
• Fifth race, purse, . six furlongs: .— "r/v ■ >-J,'.i
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Ferroll, 110 T. Burns ill 11
•Heigh Ho, 110 :...L. Reiff 0 3 3 2,
Lizzie Cavalier, 110.. Shepherd 0 0 0 3 ■
• Gnome, 110 .Hart 10 0 0
Hardly. 110 Shields 2 2 2 0
Time, 1:1E^. Won handily. Second and third
' driving. . . .
. Revenue Dare 110, ] Hazel Dean 110. Tapestry
110 and Storm Queen 110 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— to 1, 8 to
• I and 2'i, to 1. ••■■"•■• •-.■,>....
•Favorite.
Sixth ra^p. selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. U. %. %. Str. Pin.
I-. Blossom. 97..MoNicholB 1 1 11 11 14
K.ithanson, 102 Rose 8 0 0 0 2ns
•Daisy F. 101.... J. Woods 3 3 Z 3 3
•T'arda, 105 Cay wood 2 2 2 2 0
Time. 1*48%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get one cake
of it
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
George fcrata 101, Molo 102. Melter 104 and
Wilson 112 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— l 2to 1. 10
to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
ONE LONE FAVORITE.
That Was All the Consolation St.
Louis Players Received.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. s.— The fields were extreme
ly large and unwieldy to-day and there was
hardly any end to the excitement. Before the
fifth race was run Kir Dick, the original favor
ite, got unmanageable and ran four and three
quarter miles before he came to a halt. Eva
Wilson, played from 40 to 1 to 15 to 1. captured
the fourth event, landing a lot of money for the
knowing ones.
First race, maiden two-year-old flllles, four
and a half furlongs:
Nnnie and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Getfrrfe, 100 Gulterrez 2 2 1112
•CeJluiQld, 100 Stevens 3 3 2 2.
La Josephine. 100. J. McDonald 0 0 3 3
Madfte 6. 100 C. Clay lh lh 0 0
Time, :bl%. Won easily. Second and third
r Did nS You See 100. Nandora 100. Lady K. 100.
Whisper Low 100. Tuney Fox 100. Pansy H,
100. Havel mo. Lula S 100, Floressant 100. Sld
tllla 100 and Hindoo's Dream 100 also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 4 to 1. 7
to 2 and 4 to 1.
Second race, selling:, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. \i. %. *• Str. Fin.
•Charina. 97 C. Clay 2h 2h 0 2 IM,
ForayUtS, 39 Lines 0 0 141622
Rifle. 107 Qllmore 0 0 0 0 3
Joe o' Sot, 101 Booker 12 12 3 3 0
Ja.k of Hearts, 107..8105s 3 3 2 0 0
Tim», 1:52. Won driving. Second and third
driving. .
Rowland Puette 107, Pawnee 101, C. C. Rura
rlll I'H, Hazard 101. Zarlna 97 and Practitioner
9S> also ran.
Straight odde against first three— B to 5. 2hi
to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third rare, selling, six furlongs: .
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Cotton Plant. 109 Lines 1 1 1112
Miss nramble, 109 Mitchell 0 0 3 2 2
Mainstay. 112 ....J. McDonald 2 2 2 1
Gold Top. 112 W. Dean 3 3 0 0
Time. l:16!i- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Barrlsso, Chiffon, Miss Rowett, Helen
Wren, Oldham, Little Sallle. Rathburn, Plnkey
I "otter and Ed Oartland alsn ran.
Straight odds against Hrst three— 3 to 1. 10
to 1 and 4 to 1. and 2 to 1.
Fourth rare, spiling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, hi- =H- Str. Fin.
Eva Wilson, 81 Hiram 11 13 12 lVs
Rose Ash. 81 Houck 0 0 0 2
Xailssa. 10"> Gilmore 0 0 0 8
•RidduMa. 110.... J. McDonald 3 212 0
lie True. S4 Ward 2 3 3 0
,Tlnie. 1:18. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Mitchell 116, Tne Dariler 112. Sklnk 110. Aunt
Mary 110. Benvldere 110, Sister Britannic 105,
Lahn 105 and Alta May 81 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2o to 1,
20 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, one mile:
Llvadla, 191, 8 to 1 (Gilmore) 1
R. B. Sack. 99. 10 to 1 (Lines) 2
•Naoma, 87. 2< T to 1 (Southard) 3
Time, 1:4". Sir Dick ran away four and
three-quarter miles.
Sir Joseph Lister 100, Howitzer 99. Ellis 09.
Tom Lilly 97, Major King 97, Property 97 and
School Olrl 95 ulso ran.
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. »4. H. %. Str. Fin.
P. of India. 102.. McDonald 0 0 3 2 11
•Maddalo. 102 ....Lendrum 3 3 0 0 !h
Barry Shannon, lOL.Bloss 2 2 14 Ih3
Cecil." 99 C. Clay 1111210 0
Minerva. 99 Craycrc.ft 0 0 0 3 0
Time. I:4S. Won cleverly. Second and third
Vresco 105 I'ncle Abe 105. Myrabeau 104, The
Parrot Mouthed 102. Anger 99 and Countess
Jrma 9i> also r:in.
Straight odds against first three— 4 to L 2%
to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Winners at Saratoga.
SARATOGA, Aug. s.— The track was heavy;
weather fine. Summaries:
. -
First race, five furlongs,
Acushla, 112 (Tarsi). 5 to 1 ................1
Lest Time. 115 (Clawson), 10 to 1 and 2 to 1....2
Great Beck, 115 (Murphy), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:06.
Colonel Tenny, Lyric, Kid. Freak. Valdaria .
and. Warhead also ran. •
'Second race, mile.
Buela; 114 (T. Sloan), 1 to 3.... ..;....... 1
Premier. 114 (.Taral), 5 to 2........ .3
Time. I:4&<£.
Only two starters.
Third race, nix furlongs.
Diminutive, 93 (Clawson), 9 to 10 1
Dan Cupid, 108 (A. Barrett). 9 to 2 and even.. 2
Rhlnelander, . 114 (W. Martin). 9 to 2 ....3
Time, ll^H-
Hilo also ran. ,
Fourth race, seven furli—T".'
Scotchplaid, 109 (R. Will! . 2 to 1...........1
Margaret Nane. 104 (Dupe< >• to 2 and 4to 5.. 2
Loiterer, 116 (Taral). 2 to 1 3
Time, 134-,..
Flaxsptnner and Beaumonde also ran.
Fifth face, mile. -* -._•;-
Manassos, 104 (Lamley), 3 to 1......... " r .l
Stray Step,] 107" ( Powers). 8 W 5 and out .;2
Protus. 104 F (Barrett).-4 to 1... 3
; ; ; ' : Time, 1:4». \
Organ Pilot and Hums also ran.
Ladies' Day at Windsor.
DETROIT. Aug. Wiles' day at Windsor
brought out a good crowd. Track fast.
Seven furlongs— Disturbance won, Nover sec
ond. Elstna third. Time, l:2S>-i. .„ •
Six furlongs— NelUe Baßer won, AUie Taylor
second. Mary Frather third.; Time, 1:14*. . I:
One and a sixteenth miles— Lady of the _VVest
won. Maggie S «econd, Infelice third. Time,
IFive1 Five and a half furlongs— Anniwan won.
King Carnival second, Jlmmle Cleevy third.
Six' furlongs— won. Nicholas second.
Pope Leo third. Time, I:H#.
Seven furlongs— Rideau won, Lauretta D sec
ond Filibuster third. Time. 1:28V4-
Captain Saxton to Manila.
BUTTE, Aug. 5.— J. M. Capps of Stockton,.
Cal., owner of Rapido, winner of the mile and
twenty yards, was ruled off the Montana cir
cuit to-day for a very pronounced reversal of
form. His horse ran a very poor race a few
days ago. To-day he beat a very fast class.
Ruiz, the Jockey on Rapldo in the race, was
suspended indefinitely.
•Three and a halt furlongs— Dutch won, Pat
Tucker second. Omah Wood third. Time. :41.
Four furlongs— Limewater won. St. Aloyslua
second, Beautiful Girl third Time. £0. . ---
Six furlongs— Reel won, Encino second, Joe
CMlv"C M l v" and d t ™' ya^ds-Rapldo won. All
Smoke second, Los Prietos third. Time, 1:43%.
Mile and a quarter. five hurdles-Viking won,
JOG second.' Granger third. Time, 2:19.
<■ Four and a' half furlongs— Mamie Glenn won,
■ Persian Buttes second, Browney third. Time.
k*«*4- ■■..'■: " r m' '"'■'::■ :'.
Stake Winners Across the Pond.
LONDON. Aug. 8.-At the first day s
racing of the Lewfs summer meeting to
day the Lorillard-Beresford stable's bay
filly Tarollnta won the Asley stokes. This
event is of ten sovereigns each for ac
ceptors, with 800 sovereigns added for
two-year-olds. Seven horses ran; distance
fl T^e^JuvenUe plate of 100 sovereigns, en
trance three sovereigns each( winner and
eecond free) for two-year-olds, the winner
to be sold by auction for 100 sovereigns,
waa won by R. H. Combes' bay colt Glen
choran; the Lorillard-Beresford stablo'a
Pascola Becond.
Jockey McCafferty Suspended.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. s.— Jockey Mc-
Cafferty, who rode Lexington Pirate Aug
ust 1 has been suspended for two weeks i
by the stewards and Lexington Pirate will
not be permitted to start again this sea
son.
Peppers Put to Sleep.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. s.— The fiffht
between the two colored boxers, Harry
Peppers of California and Joe Butler of
this city, at the Arena to-night, whicn
was to last six rounds, was all over in
a minute and a half, Butler putting his
California opponent to sleep. Peppors
landed his left on Butler's wind and the
latter retaliated with a right on Peppers"
head and a left on his jaw. Peppers wont
down, but was on his feet right away.
Later he slipped to the floor, apparently
to avoid Butler's blows. Almost immedi
ately following Butler landed c hard
right over Peppers' heart, putUn? him
out It was some time before the Cni!
fcrnlan regained consciousness.
International Chess.
COLOGNE, Aug. s.— ln the morning ses
sion of the fifth round the .international
chess masters' tournament to-day Cohn
Tschigorln, Albin and Schlechter beat
Ootschell, Henrichsen, Janowski and Fritz
respectively. After recess Burn beat
Stelnitz, Charousek worsted Showalter,
Albin beat Janowski, Schlffers vanquished
Schallop and Poplel and Berger drew.
Alice Rix Writes About the
Princess Who Wanted to Be Queen
In Next Sunday's Call.
Why can't we gather eggs from egg
plants? , ,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
JIM BREAKS
HIS LEFT ARM
Jeffries Unable to Carry
Out His Contract.
FIRST MEETS 808 ARMSTRONG
AND MAKES IT DECIDEDLY
WABM FOR HIM.
But by This Time the California
Heavy-Weight Is Crippled and
Unable to Face
O'Donnell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— Jim Jeffries,
the much-heralded heavy-weight pugi
list from California, was to have
fought Bob Armstrong and Steve
O'Donnell for ten rounds each before
the Lennox Athletic Club to-night, but
he was only able to carry out half of
his proposed task. He met Armstrong
and defeated him, but in doing so he
shattered his left arm and was unable
to meet O'Donnell.
This was an unfortunate thing, both
for Jeffries and the club, as the former
felt perfectly confident of defeating
both men and the managers of the club
were sorry to be compelled to disap
point their patrons.
Many shrewd Judges of boxers are
satisfied that Jeffries is a promising
and corning pugilist, and they hope that
the injury to his arm will not be seri
ous.
Armstrong went at it rather carefully
at first. There was considerable spar
ring and some blows were exchanged.
Armstrong received some hard jabs.
By the beginning of the sixth round
Bob was aware that he was up against
a stiff game and went at it according
ly. The result was that in the ninth
round Bob was weakening, but- came
up game. He jabbed left on the face
and Jeffries hooked his right on the
ribs. Jim then uppercut him with left
on face and jabbed the same glove to
the face twice. Jeffries continued this
line of attack all through the round,
and Bob did not land a blow.
Round 10— They shook hands at the
referee's bidding and Jeffries hooked
his right on the ribs. They exchanged
lefts on the face and after a great deal
of footwork Jeffries put Bob on his
back with a left swing on the heud.
Bob took eight seconds to rest, and
when he came up Jeffries hooked right
and left on the jaw. These blows dazed
Bob, but Jeffries kept pounding him,
and Armstrong ran to the rop»»s with
out making an attempt to strike back.
It was all one-sidod n<>w. and although
Bob stayed the limit, he did so by run
ning away from the big fellow. The
referee declared Jeffries the winner,
while Armstrong's friends were telling
the colored man that he nad done Well.
Armstrong certainly stood the "gaff"
fairly well, but he was far outclassed.
Those wlii) were near the ringside
looked at Jeffries' injured hand, and It
was certainly in very bad shape.
O'Donnell entered the ring and said
that he would box Armstrong to pacify
the audience, but Armstrong had had
enough and refused to go on.
IT IS FASTEST HEAT
TROTTED THIS SEASON
The Abbott Gets Only Second Money,
but Covers a Mile in
2:08 1-4.
COI/tXMBUS, Ohio, Aug. s.— This was a
day of great racing at the Columbus
Driving Park. The track was in tine
condition. The 2:12 trot furnished enough
sensations for a week. The Abbott was
thought to be a sure winner, and sold In
the pools at $100 to $25 for the field. How
ever, The Abbott proved that he was a
great performer, if he did not do better
than take second money. In the first
heat The Abbott got a bad start, and
deem only drove him to avoid the dis
tance nag. Eagle Flannagan taking tne
heat after a hot brush with Oetavia and
Cresceus. In the second heat the Ab
bott and Eagle Flannagan camo down
the stretch like a whirlwind, the Eagle
under the lash, but The Abbott won by
a neck, the fastest heat trotted this sea
son— 2:OMi-
In the third heat The Abbott broke jupt
after the start, but soon caught up with
the bunch, pushing the Eagle in the
stretch so hard that the latter was forced
to break and had to take second place.
The Abbott broke just again after th#
start in the fourth heat, but caught up
with the leaders. Eagle and Cresceus,
and was making a grand spurt In the
stretch when hf broke again, dropping
hack into last place, thf Eagle beating
Cresceus out in a hot finish. In the mm
beat The Abbott destroyed all chancea of
winning by breaking for the fourth time,
and Eagle Flannagan won the heat and
race in the slow time of 2:12V4-
The only favorite to win was Lady of
the Manor, In the 2:10 pace, who barely
escaped the distance flag In the. first heat.
Hubinger drove Grace Hastings to beat
her record of 2:09 (made to a wagon on the
Cleveland track last week), but the best
she could do was 2:11 1 4, although the last
half was made in 1:03*4-
Curry drove Kentucky Union to a
wagon" in 2:12. Her record Is 2:10%.
212 trot, purse *2<X*)— Eagle Flannagan
won first, fourth and fifth heat,:. Time,
2-(W'^. 2-MH4 2:12>4. The Abbott won sec
ond and third heats. Time, 2:OBV*. 2:08%.
Cresceua third. Oetavia. Pat Watson. Pa
sorlte and May Fern also started.
216 pace, purse $2000— Egozen won sec
ond, third and fourth heats. Time,
212»4. 2:13%, 2:12*4. Jessie C won first
! heat in 2:11%. Gus Waibel third. Ber-
I nice, Bourbon R, Journeyman, \\ as ana
Star Hal also started.
2:19 pace, purse $2000— Lady of the Ma
nor won second, third and fourth heats.
Time 2-CW4 2:O9Vi. 2:10. Annie Lee won
first heat in 2:11%. Birdie Dickinson third.
i G AY D, Little Pete, Harry Woodbine,
Hal Patchen and Belle Wood also started.
227 trot, purse $2000— Percy W won in
straight heats. Time. 2:14%, 2:15%, 2:14%.
i Spin Along second. Alice Dornan third.
Harry Cutting, Iquique, Incarnate and
Angelina also started.
REDS AND GIANTS
MAKE A STAND-OFF
Chicago and Baltimore Also Break
Even— Pirates Shut Out the
Phillies.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ...63 32 6fi3 ! Pittsburgh ....48 44 522
Boston 58 34 630 1 Philadelphia 42 47 472
Cleveland 57 35 620 Brooklyn 34 55 352
Baltimore ...52 36 591 [yiuisvllle 36 59 379
PhicaKo 62 42 653 Washington .32 68 356
New York ...50 41 549 St. Louis ....27 68 284
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— Sudhoff was In fine
form to-day, only allowing Brooklyn two
hits. Dowd's muff of Griffin's fly in the
fourth inning gave the visitors their only
run. Attendance 1100. Score:
Cltfbs— R- H. E.
St. Louis • 6 9 2
Brooklyn 12 2
Batteries— Sudhoff and Clements; Dunn and
Ryan. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. s.— The first of
series of games between the Cleveland
and Washington teams, transferred from
Cleveland to this city, was played to-day,
the Senators winning. Attendance, 700.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 14 0
Washington 2 7 0
Batteries — Wilson and Crlgrer; Dlneen and
McOuire. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. s.— The Beaneaters
could not hit Magee, while the Colonels
managed to bunch six of their seven hits
in two Innings. Attendance, 1600. Score:
dubs- R- H. X
Louisville ♦
Boston 2 6 0
Batteries — Magee and Klttrldfre; Hlckman
and Teaser. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, Aug. s.— The Reds and
Giants broke even to-day. Breitenstein
was pounded in the first and though Car
rick gave nine passes, only five runs were
made off his delivery. Hill was invincible
in the second game. Umpire Brown put
Hartman out of the second game for
kicking. Attendance 4595. Score, first
game;
Clubs— R H. E
Cincinnati 5 8
New York 9 14 J
Batteries— Breitenstein, Pelts and Wood; Car
rick and Orady. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
Score, second same:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Cincinnati 9 2 2
New York 1 •
Batteries'— Hill and Peitz; Seymour, Uettig
and Warner. Umpires— Brown and Qaffney.
PITTSBURG, Aug. s.— The locals shut
the Phillies out In a game full of brilliant
plays. Bill Clark made his first appear
ance In the league since his trouble with
the New York management and made a
food hit with the fans. Attendance. 1800.
core:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburgh 3 9 1
Philadelphia 0 7 1
Batteries— Rhlnes and Bowerman; Platt and
McFarland. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
CHICAGO. Aug. s.— Both clubs again
won and lost to-day. Little Woods' clever
pitching and perfect support shut the Ori
oles out In the first. Dahlen'a fielding and
a lightning triple play by himself, Con
nor and Everltt were the features. Isbell
was wild and hit rnther freely In the sec
ond, while Maul was a puzzle, and but for
an error in the ninth would have dupli
cated Woods" performance. Attendance,
2400. Score, first game:
fTubp- R. H. E.
Chicago 5 10 0
Baltimore 0 6 2
Batteries — Woods, Chance and I'onohue:
Hughes and Clark. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H E.
Chicago 17 1
Baltimore 6 10 l
liatterlfs— lsbell and Donohue; Maul and Rob-
Inaon. Umpires— Bwartwood and Warner.
SAW A SHIP STRIKE
AN ICEBERG AND SINK
Story of a Fisherman Which Causes
Belief in a Reported Disaster in
the Straits of Belle Isle.
ST. JOHNS. N. P., Aug f».— The mail
steamer Virginia Lake arrived at Tilt
Cove, on West Bay, 2T.0 miles from here,
at daylight, bringing certain corrobora
tion of the reported loss of an ocean
liner in the Straits of Belle Isle. A fish
erman at Noddy Bay reported that he
saw a steamer collide with an iceberg
and sink soon after. The report is gen
erally believed, but nothing reliable is ob
tainable. The llsherman said that the
nteamor looked like a passenger ship, and
he could see the people trying to launch
boats, but she sank before they could
do anything.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— The Strait of
Belle Isle lies between Newfoundland and
Labrador, and is the most northern of
the two channels which connect the Gulf
n! St. Lawrence with the Atlantic Ocean.
Jt Is twelve miles wide and navigation in
it is reputed to be unsafe. It is not
the route taken by passenger liners us-
Austin Baldwin & Co.. the New York
agents of the Allan line of steamers, said
to-day that they were sure It was not
one of their steamers which was lost.
White- they did not positively know the
route taken by their steamers, it was
known they never went by the Straits
of Belle Isle. The only other Montreal
passenger line of steamers they knew of
whs the Donaldson line. They believed
that passenger boats never went by that
route, and that It could not have been a
passenger liner, as reported.
ENDEAVOR DAY AT
GARFIELD PARK
Sunrise Prayer Followed by Praise
Service — Appointment of Va
rious Committees.
SANTA CRITZ, Aug. s.— Endeavor day
at Garlleld Park began with sunrise
prayer meeting this morning, led by C.
E. Edgman. In the Tabernacle praise
service was led by S. A. Nesbltt of Eu
reka.
The convention was called to order by
Dr. L. Rlgdon of San Francisco, and Q.
W. Smith was elected secretary. Com
mittees were appointed as follows:
Press— G. W. Smith and Miss Olivia
Hodgen; obituary— Mips Caroline G. Hood
of Santa Rosa and Mrs. Crawford of
Santa Cruz; nominating— S. A. N<>sbltt,
Mary Durham, D. J. H. Durham; au
diting—C. W. Jopson, A. Curtner and
Mrs. M. Proctor; resolutions — GK McWil
llms, H. W. Power and Mrs. Elda Cutler.
This afternoon the Baptist State con
vention was visited by a large body of
Company F from Cnmp Alerrlam. This
evening R<>v. S. M. Martin, the evangelist,
delivered a sermon. Over $100 was raised
at the Tabernacle for the Christian
Church in this city now being erected.
The State association and Durham fam
ily of Irvington agreed to donate memo
rial windows. Following officers of the
convention were elected: Rev. C. M. Hill
of Oakland, president; Rev. Robert Whit
aker. corresponding secretary; Rev.
George E. Dye, recording secretary; C. F.
Baker, treasurer.
Admiral Miller Writes
About Prize Money in the Navy
In Next Sunday's Call.
Shooting Affray Near Guinda.
WOODXiANQ, Aup. 5.— A .shooting nf
fray occurred near Gulnda Wednesday
nlfiht In which a man named Peterson
shot his partner, a Rusainn. whose name
cannot be learned. The wounded man's
injuries are slight. Peterson is under ar
rest.
The first news of the crime was received
in this city Thursday evening by Assist
ant District Attorney Anderson. He will
go to Gulnda to conduct tho examina
tion.
,■;:,...■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I §"~'*"T§tell!!]
♦■ /^^^^^^ m There is nothing which gives x
P^%m!ffl&&-. iVftrfflr strength to men as quickly as .
♦ /g^g^SaJKHg^l. jy^P Electricity; nothing which so **
♦ /(fr w^g^^W surely restores all power of -4-
4. jf ] Tj|prV* > iitu_' I W''/ manhood as Dr. Sanden's Elec- -4
4. /iwr 1^ M&X/t trie Belt, which is made with >
/f ,^yl J\ __\tißT^_ / the sole purpose of building up
tVLxjv^'J /\\\ v s"»s2Br^ X^ , Shattered, weak nerves. It is "1
♦ A^HK^V ii? ■ different from everything else. -4
{ %.{ and no man should give up
+ K^ rIvI ybjK^zZ- while he has yet left this great T
*. C&^&^uxal remedy: untried. Medicines are "*
%&ti&tt'/*b*£s§z^Wb.'zz good for some troubles, but they -4
+ 'T M T^ // |inTgir| r do not restore strength. Elec- -4
■*" p9{e|^?^ tiiclty does, and the best means *
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. }
* iV-vi V - v - _- — - — _~ . i ■ .
♦ A WONDBRPUL CURB. "•
•-V  • CHICO, CM. -4
IT" ""■,v- : '"i; DR. SANDEN— Sir: Ovw two months a^ro I purchased one of your Electric 4
.4. Belts •! have worn It regularly since then, and it has cured me of vital weakness of J-
♦■ three years' standing. It ha« made me as well and strong as a person need be. Before -4
T- purchasing the Belt I was not able to do much work. Now I can do as much as .■
▼" any other man You are at liberty to use this testimony as you desire. Will answer *
4. . all letters Inclosing postage. Tours respectfully, . ■ JAMES "WRIGHT. -4
> SUCH GRATEFUL LETTERS <♦
4. - Are received every day. They" tell of cures of . weakness, of kidney -4
T trouble, of rheumatism, lame back, stomach and other organic troubles.
■ They prove the value, the immense value, of Dr. Sanden'B Electric Belt .
+ to sick and weak people. They should and will bring you to a realiza- "*
4- tlon of Its worth to you. Read Dr. Sanden's new book, "Three Classes -4
4. of Men," which can be had free. It Is full of Joyous news to weak men. .4
T. If convenient call and test this wonderful Belt. (h.\l or address.
it DR- A. T. SANDEN, t not in drus stores. * t
+ UK. A. 1. DASiUUn, HOT 111 DRUG STORES, «
4- »M Market Strut, o«rner Kewray, Baa rraadsM. "T~ m ,.,„,. -4
4. t OHtoh-mJ aatmio-sa at m io-s- \^e^^^ .-^v^^ld'.n^? o .^ 4
4- Kith B B rot4w^; PoXd A^:l e Wa.hln7- &Z* Ua * ***^ m; "** 4
-4. ton street; Denver, Colo., m Btxt«mth etrert; " our office. . ._-. ■ _' »
T Dallas. Tex., 286 Main street. J»— — — — — — —'■■ * '
*^A <Ausi^
RAILROADS IN
BATTLE ARRAY
Rate War to Be Inaugu
rated Monday.
LOW FARES FOR TRAVELERS
EVEBY WESTEBIfr LINE WILL BE
AFFECTED.
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Starts the Ball Rolling and
Blames the Canadian
Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— A passenger rate
war that will affect directly every fare
in the West has been declared. Next
Monday the rate between Chicago and
St. Paul and Minneapolis will be $8. The
tariff now is $11 50. On the same day
and thereafter the rate between Chi
cago and Omaha will be $9 25. The
normal rate Is $12 75. Tickets may now
be purchased between Chicago and
Kansas City for $10 50. The normal
tariff is $12 GO. The Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul took the initiative In
the fight. Other lines have declared
their intention of following Its lead.
Blame for the necessity for these re
ductions is placed by the Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul upon the Cana
dian Pacific. That line, the Milwaukee
and St. Paul declares in its notice,
brought about a war of rates to Alas
kan points. The application of these
low rates— about 60 per cent below au
thorized tariffs— affected the Chicago-
St. Paul situation to such an extent
that brokers have had no difficulty in
Belling tickets for either St. Paul or
Minneapolis for $8 find $8 50. The same
rates have been made by the brokers
for weeks from St. Paul to Chicago.
The reductions made will affect not
only St. Paul, Omaha and Kansas City
traffic but all that beyond, the new
fares being tendered as basing rates
to connecting lines.
REGISTER AND RECEIVER
OF THE LAND OFFICE
Judge Aaron B. Hunt and Sargent S.
Morton Given Important Fed
eral Positions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Register of the Land Office at San Fran
cisco—Aaron B. Hunt.
Receiver of Public Moneys at San Fran
cisco — Sargent S. Morton.
Receiver of Public Moneys at Marshall.
Minn.— Christopher F. Case.
Commander in the Navy— Charles O. Al
libone.
To Sargent Morton Congressman Loud is
in a great measure indebted for his elec
tion. Morton managed his first fight and
has always boon one of his warmest sup
porters. Loud thought Morton had earned
the office he sought and <-tsk>xl that the
appointment be made. Senator PerWiW
opposed Morton, but Loud induced Presi
dent McKlnley to name Mortjn for the
p*lac« he wanted. Morton is an ex-Saper
vlsor of this city and one of the beat
known politicians here.
Judge A. B. Hunj., who was numed as
Register of the Land Office, is a well
known lawyer, now a resident of Ala
meda, but long one of the citizens of East
Oakland. Judge Hunt had one of the
strongest petitions ever sent to Washing
ton. He had the indorsement of most of
the members of the State Senate and As
sembly, the Republican State officers,
thirteen Republican County Committees,
from Ventura County to Mendoclno, rep
r. anting nearly all the counties in the
land district, the Alamedii County Board
of Supervisors, the political clubs of Ala
meda and 800 citizens and voters in that
city.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Orders Include the Sending of
Captain Saxton to Manila.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— First Lieuten
ant Francis R. Shunk is relieved from
temporary duty under the immediate or
ders of Colonel Charles R. Suter, San
Francisco, to take effect August 20, and
will return to his station at West Point,
New York. Captain Samuel S. Saxton,
assistant adjutant general. United States
Volunteers, will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report in person to the com
manding general of the troops belonging
to the Department of the Pacific, for
transportation to the Philippine Islands,
where he will report in person to Major
General Wesley Merritt, I'nited States
army. First Lieutenant John O'Shea.
Fourth Cavalry, will report in person to
the commanding general. Department of
California, for assignment to duty with a
troop of the Fourth Cavalry.
Pensions hay»» been granted as follows:
California— Original, George ' Klnslow,
Placervtlle. $12.
Oregon— Original, Lorenzo D. Hitch,
Central Point. $8. Increase, John R. Ken
nedy, Roseburg. $8 to |10.
Washington — Restoration and reissue,
Henry C. Baughner, La Center, $8.
Burglars Operating at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Aug. s.— George Welder's
cigar store was burglarized Thursday
nltrht. The thieves carried away about
$100 worth of cigars.
or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents. ,
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
* ♦*. VoV -ving Firms Please Mention 'Th» Call."
In Corresponding T,ith Any of tns Foi. -"»»^
ART GLASS. , :> "
California Art Glass. Bendine and £ nn u r nZ
Works, 103-105 Mission St.. cor. Spear.
Embosslne. Stainlne, Beveline- -Win..
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 863.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtistlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
nr ., SPRING Proprietor. Send for meas-
MENZOSPKINUure blanks. U. S. Commls-
Bion. 9 Geary St.. S. F. .
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
FINK & SCHINDLER, F ?t n tU fflc^K
st Telephone South ?67.
AUCTIONEERS.
r ..,. cfwk iril lID Jt P(i 11 Montsromery St..
AuctKrs. FILLIP g CO- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
„ rranCUlhir. Bhlpplnß trade Fupplied.
WM- SCnUbNIWU, 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
L. P. DEOEN, ESS-tS.W.'/o^flS
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycle*
Sell for $50. 165 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and LadlV $85. Second-hand .Wheels. $10 and
" LEAVITT * BILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
_. T tr W. J. Brady's Patent
I? Fi DETACHABLE
_f 5 k% MUD DRUM
«mß2S&'^^ iOT pteam B ° ner3<
** I *Mr»ffiii^^^^ . Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
OffiM and Works— ll3-115 MISSION' STREET
.Telephone Main 6045. • *.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals." Books and Stationery.
, : bookbinders:
JD IWnrMWin? Bookbinder and Printer,
, Jj. luLlrl 1 I Ml.' 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET. 7
Telephone Main 1884. ' '■' :. .; : v 
. . COPPERSMITH. -.
Joseph Fox. Eupt. '""" H." Blyth. Mer.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbine. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 |
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST. -'■ ' .' '
DR. C W RICHARDS, SETgo'rne^^arny.
'.~~~ r DRAYAGE. ,y' f -■..
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os : Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone. Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDINGTON & CO. ioTs^^l&V'i
f£* _rf" FIRE INSURANCE. -V ?v
: * EDWARD BROWN & SON, '
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Bepresented over $14,000.000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC EAVEC-J& Cl\ Shipping Butcher*. 10S
! JA3- DUIE3 & tU., Clay: Tel. Main 1»4-
FLOUR.
; UlTinViT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln A Co.
fIAHUFIAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific atj.
DAWSON
• CITY =
%*' jL el la.
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL*
- Elegant Steel Steamship ■ •
LEELANAW
300 Passengers; Capacity, 8000 Tons Freight.
Will Have Prompt Dispatch.
Freight to St. Michael $13 per ton.
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebes Building! 139 POST ST.
H« has now in his charge one of the largest stationary engines In the manufacturTnf
district of Kensington, and for more than fifteen years was one of the most trusted
■I engineers in the employ of the Reading Railroad C6mpany. Speaking of RIPANS
TABULES, he said: "The lives of thousands of people often depend upon th«
single hand of an engineer. The man at the throttle is responsible for the safety of
every soul aboard the train, lie must hive a steady hand and a clear eye. . But en.
gineers, like all other human beings, are subject to ills and more than ince RIPANS
TABULES have helped me along when, without them, I must have faled in my duty.
"As an engineer I have been on duty fit all hoars of the day and »icht," said this
man, who, by the way. Is named John Gittiece and lives at 1 No. 2054 East Somerset
Street in Philadelphia, "and sometimes have bad to snatch my meals with scarcely «
moment's Interval of rest. Consequently I ; have at times suffer©! intensely from
nervous dyspepsia and poor digestion. The only thing I ever ; round that would
relies me thoroughly and quickly was a RIPAN S TABULE ard I still take one
when I feel the need of a stomach stimulant. Ido not know of anything that could
take their place."  ;
A. new stylo racket contettrina' tew ujpoues to ft P4po? carton Cwitbont frlaeg) is b> tt tor pblq M som« dna
■tom-Voßrn* coans. Je w-prtood eon is (a^eudedfor the poor and ecocrtnlcaL Ono down oT^3
firo-ocnt oartont I <9o tabnlcii) can be bad oy wail ny Bouolruj tortr-eight ce&ti to tW RlPAira CnawOAfc £m
■ . ■._._..^^.. — ;■>: -■- ■■ ■ ■ ■■• —^— ■- :-■--;- - •: -
HARDWARE. -
IDALACE Hard ware Co., Importers Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND. VEHICLES.
LEIBOL.D HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., 8. 9, .-
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and . dealers in Baggie*.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Prop*.,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDER6LICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 13» Slitter Bt.
San Francisco. Telephone Main »17.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
b Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO.. Agents.
• ... 101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DCDHTHIDn Mattress Co.. 642 Minion
THE DCKMIAKII st. Telephone Main 1874.
- OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturer* ot
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearay street.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMCTTE PULP AND PAPER CO., •;
VVILLAmLIIC 722 Montgomery Straet. ;
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and L*rre«t Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,.
KOHLER & CHASE,
23 and 10 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*. "• ' .
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
IT ATI 1 ITAeency. Reloading, developing, print*
IvUL'Aning. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery. ,
7~ PRINTING. " • •* .'
E C HUGHES. Printer, Bookbinder, Engraver.
611 Sansome st. Telephone Main 449. " •
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN -& CO.. ; . •'
r.BAL ESTATE. RENT COL£.ECTOML • .
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery St.
. SEWING MACHINES.
nnnß#COTin" Pre-eminently th» I m«ehln«for .
UUIYILOIIU family use. 1021 Ma*»t. nr 6th.
SOAP. • .
Gn I ITrV * r(\ 123 California Btre«t.
, X, LLWI O vUi, room 37. Tel. Main l«i.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. V-
TeI S hIc PAR TRlDGEfo^it
,
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSSSr > »B» B t
TARTAR WORKS. ;,
AT>ALIFORNtA TARTAR WORKS, '.
G. Dc LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States -ype . Foundry. tnoeeaaora
to Hawks & Bhattuck. The Uoina Industry
House. SCB Clay st. . . _^_^
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLIiR. manufacturer of
carriages., -buggies, etc.; repairing don» In
first-class style at fair prices for. good work.
•US Spear st. ; tel. Main 295.
• : WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— and, retail: send for
sample", stating- aj>"»it quality- and color, .to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 9M H. ward Bt., fl. ir.
v WAREHOUSEMEN.; .
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public * Weigher*. ■
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1114.
WATCHES. ETC.
TT IT VnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• Lini/Ij full 18-k. Wedding Rlnga. 4 M at.
F?OR
ST. MICHAELJRD DAWSON.
h The steamer "ALOHA." now recelvin*
freight at Mission-street wharf, will positively
sail on SATURDAY at 9 a. m., with rivet
steamer QUEEN OF THE YUKON.
! Freight. $100 per ton. Passage, $176. Of nee.
I 100 Market street. ■ '
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLK OLD :
. X SpeclallsteMre«Prlvate.Nervous I Blood and Ski a
Diseases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Jienj^ree-. Over2oy ears' expert-
' ence. Patients en red ntflome. 'Her ins reasonable.
Hours9to3datly;6:BotoB:3oev'gS. Sundays, 10 to 11
Oousultation sacredly private. Call, or address
Dr. P. HOSCOE McXI'LTY, .
26^ Hearny Hi.. Han Francisco, Cal.
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNIY-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 321 California St., below Powell,
1 San Francisco.ASHTON POTTER
WAS A FICKLE
SOLDIER LOVER
Miss Van Ness Tells Why She
Tried to End Her Ex
istence.
Bishop Potter's Nephew Brought Into Noto
riety Through the Rash Act of a
Foolish Woman.
With her white face peeping out of
a"'w»>alth of brown hair and the reflec
tion of the pir.k pillow that she rested
: oiy giving a faint color to her cheeks,
' :mW Violet Van Ness, the beautiful
; young- woman whoso love for a soldier
: led her tn trj' to end her existence in
,: a : moment of pique by shooting herself
"Thursday evening,, as was told exclu
.. ■ -siyety in yesterday's Call, smiled sadly
•last evening as she told of fh>e reasons
that led her to her rash act.
■ : "lf I had only been able to get the
of the University Club," she
-BLaJ£v as. she wrinkled her brow, "I
;\ %voirld not have done it. I was angry
i at. Ore stupidity of the telephone girl
;:&nd I said d — n."
: ..- As the young lady made this admis-
A VICTIM OF MAD LOVE.
Fair Miss Violet Van Ness Confesses Her Regret For Her Wild
Act and Her Regard for Corporal Potter.
sion she looked at her interviewer with
■ a questioning look and then remarked
that although she was able to speak
five different languages the "good old
•American word" expressed her feel
ingl^:
■ •I then picked .up my pistol, which
aV;;s iving near by, and without a mo
■nle-nVs hesitation shot myself. I did
'not -feel .the pain and was perfectly
.conscious. So much so that when I
Ireard the people rushing toward my
;rbbm I j walked to the door and un
hitched- it. fearing they would break it
down. .1 was attired in my nightgown
:.aV-."the time and the flash set it on
lire'and I extinguished the flame. . .
Y: : >t, don't want the idea to go forth
•that Mr. Potter deserted me when I
: . : flred the shot, because he did not. He
■was- 'at the University Club, and as
VoW as he heard I was hurt he came
•lb ray bedside. We are still the best
ef": friends, even though we did have
■ a- sli.ght quarrel the day before.
■■■■ -1' like Mr. Potter and think him a
• nice .gentleman. and I am sorry that
•this incident got out, as the story win
•travel East." .:^-~- >•: ■'■■■' -,'.
' • As she said this her eyes wandered
over to her bureau where two large
bunches of red and lavender sweet
pesyj lay. Thinking that they were
from her absent hero she was asked
•whether he Bent them, but she
••naively declined to say. .'. •
During her conversation her colored
.maid brushed her hair away from her
brow, rubbed her hands with alcohol,
and in fact treated the wounded woman
as if she were a child. Her ministra
, tions disclosed a bright little butterfly
tattooed «in her snowy arm, and a
/deverly. executed stalk between her
thumb and Index linger. Miss Van Ness
s£.:d tie- -!■• placed there during her
stay in Japan.
"I met Mr. Potter in the East during
roy journey ariiun.l the world, and when I
he "arrived with his regiment he called
'to c.cc me. we .were the best of friends
everyone was about enjoying the bright
" ar>;d" I quarreled. I suppose I was brood
zing over it, and the least thing made
me angry. I went out the next day,
.. and 'Was hatipy because I ' thought
everything was made up. On my re
turn to" my apartments I threw 'aside
i>ry wraps and put on my robe de nuit.
: 'and then tried to ring him up at his
'.club. . Heine of an ungovernable tem
per, I said, 'd* — Ma.' and then shot my
■; self. I am now sorry I did it," and with
a smile,' ■"rirne-7er-do.it again." •
'• Miss Van NeSs thought it sufficient
punishment to be coopeu Lt iv her
apartments, unable to move, while
everyone was about enjoying the bright
sunshine.
The young lady did not appear to
have such a hard lot to bear, as ?he
was surrounded with every sign of lux
ury. About her boudoir were downy
couches and beautiful and expensive
pouvenirs of her travels, while in an
adjoining: apartment her wallswere cov
ered with tapestries, paintings, knives
and tasty knick knacks gathered dur
ing her stay in India, China and Japan.
Miss Van Ness is slowly recuperating
from her self-inflicted wound, and will
probably be able to sit up in a few
days.
Corporal Potter of Company A. First
New York Volunteers, comes from one
of the most prominent families of. the
metropolis. He is the son of the late
F. Brownson Potter, who was a promi
nent New York banker and a nephew
of Bishop Potter. Owing to his procliv
ities for playing star parts along the
tenderloin and at the seaside of Greater
New York he has had innumerable rows
with his relativ.-s. As soon as the war
broke out he derided to enlist, and
owing to the large number of his per
sonal friends in the separate Siate
companies of which the First New
York Regiment is composed he enlisted
as a member of the Albany Battalion,
of which Major Robert Emmet is in
command.
As soon as the samp was broken at
Hempstead this battalion was ordered
to do- garrison duty at Fort Wads
worth. While stationed at this post
Potter amused himself by getting into
all sorts of difficulties with his super
ior officers and causing no end of
trouble to the people running the cafes
and places of amusement at the neigh
boring summer resorts.
In his quest for pleasure Potter was
favorable to South Beach. This place
is a sort of miniature Coney Island, lo
cated a few miles beyond the fort at
the southern end of Staten Island. Here
there is a theater, innumerable cafes
and t.-pen-air dance halls. In short it
is a midway plalsance on a limited
scale. To the heart of one of the merry
soubrettes then playing at the South
Beach theater Potter laid siege. He
had plenty of money and an unlimited
capacity lor the stimulants and other
beverages for sale at the cafes. He was
in the habit of giving nightly dinners
to the fair soubrette. At these little
affairs his fellow-soldiers were always
present.
One of the laws of the post stipulated
that all privates had to return and re
nort for duty at a certain hour each
evening. But Potter persisted in dis
regarding the regulations and finally
was placed under arrest and ordered
court-martialed. Although the pro
ceedings of the court were never offi
cially made public, it was understood
that he spent two days in the guard
house for breach of discipline. At the
time Bishop Potter refused to admit
relationship with the corporal. On his
way to this city young Potter amused
himself by buying anything his fellow
nrivates longed for. Incidentally he
Durchased the little bear which is now
the mascot of Company A. His career
in this city has been a continuance of
the performance which he held at South
Beach. A few days ago he had to be
officially reprimanded for his conduct,
and it was only through the friendship
of his superior officer for the the Pot
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
ter family that he was not reduced to
the ranks.
Shortly after the special train which
carried the First New York to these
shorts left Jersey City, Potter re
ceived word that he could receive the
nomination of a second lieutenantcy in
the regular army if he so desired. If
he accepted the nomination it would be
necessary for him to pass an examina
tion before his appointment would be
permanent. Upon reaching this city he
sent word home that he preferred re
maining with the First New York as a
non-commissioned officer to trying for
the straps in the regular army.
CHINESE ON STRIKE.
Refused to Ship on the Arizona for
the Wages Offered.
The Coast Seamen's Union has been ex
erting every influence to prevent the
troopship Arizona being equipped with a
crew of Chinese, but so far has met with
very little success. The Chinese, how
ever, seem to be about to solve the prob
lem for it.
Shipping Agent Callender started out
with a light heart and heavy purse to
engage a full quota of coolies to act as
waiters and fill other positions aboard the
big troopship, and after a few hours'
work marched thirty pigtailed coolies
down to the vessel. After he had got
them aboard they desired to come to
terms regarding the wages rceived. They
were offered $30, and there was a hasty
huddling together and jabbering of words
unintelligible to a civilized white man,
with enough gestures to saw the fog into
particles. The consultation ended with
the spokesman giving the verdict, "No
go; want $33," anil there they stuck.
When informed that %?,'> was too high
a figure they took up their bundles and
wenl back to Chinatown.
It is stated by persons familiar with
the conditions along the water front that
if the shipping agent chose he could flud
enough white men to llli the vessel from
stem to stern and deck to kelson, who
would be only too willing to ship for $30.
His Story a Fabrication.
Jesse Naville, the young man who came
fro:n Pinole a few days ago and who re
ported to the police yesterday morning
that he had been held up by two foot
pads at the corner of Powell and Wash
ington streets and relieved of $S4 and va-
rious valuables, turns out to be a boy
with a vivid imagination. Detective Ed
Qibson was put on the alleged robbery
yesterday, and soon learned that the
young man's story was false, and that
ho was afflicted with a dream brought on
by an overdose ot stimulants. Naville
borrowed a half dollar in the Del Monte
sal i a half hour before the robbery
took plai c.
Tons of Apples Wanted.
There Is every prospect that before
very lons another industry will ho. start
ed up in Lhifl State. W. G. Todd & Co.
of Rochester, N. V., and Chicago, recently
wrote j. a. Filcher of the State Board of
Trade asking for information as- to a lo
cality In California whetfe an apple evapo
rating plant can be established. They are
cgming to this coast and desire to get into
an orchard district where they can fret
from 50.000 to 100,000 bushels of this fruit
ev> ry s« ftson. Mr. Filcher answered that
Watsonville has about 400,0 i*) and the
San: a Cruz district about 300,000 apple
two-thirdfl of which arc In bearing-,
and it is Bafe to say that the Eastern com
pany can get all the fruit it wants by lo
cating down in that section of the State.
NO CHANGE IN THE
EXISTING REGULATIONS
Tariff, Immigration and Tonnage
Laws of Hawaii and This
Country Stand.
WASHINGTON, Aug. s.— ln accordance
with n decision rendered by the Attorney
General there will be no chanpe In the law
.-md regulations affecting the. tariff, im
migration and tonnage tax between Ha
waii i-iid the United States until further
legislation by Congress.
Speaking of tllo Hawaiian annexation
resolution, the Attorney General says, that
it is replete with Indications that tem
porarily th»- i» -lations of the two countries
ore to continue practically unchanged. It
is plainly apparent that Congress regards
the i stabllshmertt of an American Govern
ment for and the extension of American
laws to tnc island as matters to be attend
ed to In the future.
PREDICTS OUR PROSPERITY^
London Statist Sees a Bright Future
for This Country.
LONDON, Aug. s.— The Statist predicts
a great wave of American prosperity
after the war and active European busi
ness In American securities.
"Cuba." the writer says, "will give em
ployment to a vast amount of capital, and
the stimulus to industry there will re
act on the United States. The in%*est
m< nts in Cuba. Porto Rico and the Philip
pines will particularly benefit railways.
TOM TRACEY
WON THE FIGHT
He Downed McConnell
With a Hard Blow.
SEVENTEEN CLEVER ROUNDS
A RIGHT SWING SETTLED THE
LOCAL CHAMPION.
Tye of Oakland Tools the Measure of
Jacobs, the "Midget Sandow,"
After a Bloody-
Battle.
Frank McConnell, the clever and game
young California pugilist, experienced
last evening for the first time the effect
of a knockout blow. The man who upset
all of McConnoll's fondest anticipations
is Tom Tracey, a fistic artist, a native of
Australia. The place where the great lo
cal event in pugilism took place was the ]
Olympic Club, and its members and those j
who planked up the small sum of $2 wit
nessed seventeen rounds of as pretty
sparring and clever punching as the most
ardent lover of the sport could wish to
see.
In an article on the fight which ap
peared In The Call of yesterday sound ad
vice was given to the sports who were
betting large sums of money on McCon
nell at the ridiculous odds of $10 to $G, i
which subsequently went down as low as j
$10 to $5, with Tracey on the short end.
The betting was so false that not a few
of the knowing sports did not hesitate |
to say there was something doing
among those who had influence and were
in a position to resort to hipprodroming.
But the light dispelled all thoughts of i
fraud, and proved beyond question thai j
McConnell, the tyro professional, had met
his match in Tracey.
The pugilists weighed in yesterday af
ternoon at 3 o'clock at 145 pounds, but by
the time the local lad stepped Into the
ring he must have taken on a few pounds.
It was 9:80 o'clock, after the preliminary
bout between Tye and Jacobs had ended,
in which Jacobs received his quietus in
the seventh round, that the stars of the
evening shone forth.
McConnell and his attendants, Alex
Greggains. Martin Murphy and Frank
Schuler, first entered- the ring. They were
quickly followed by smiling Tom Tracey
and his bodyguard, consisting of Al
Smith, Jack Stelzner and De Witt Van j
Court Monsieur Kennedy then made ai
few brief remarks on cigarette smoking,
after which the referee, Phil Wand, or
dered the fighters to the scratch.
It was 9:3u o'clock when the gong sound
ed and the battle was on. in the first
round McConnen. who wore a very busi
ness-like look, stepped up close to Tracey ,
and after some little fiddling, sent out his
left, which landed on the face. A second
lead was prettily stopped; then Tracey
tapped Me on the face and this was fol- j
lowed by several hot exchanges at close j
quarters. Tracey plained v not right on]
Frank's stomach and a left on the oar.
Quick return stirred up considerable ex
citement among the spectators. It vu
give and take until Tracey sent out a |
wicked left swing at McConnell's jaw, j
which fell short. The opening round was
very pretty and everybody predicted a
very fine contest.
In the second round the fighters, who
had now warmed up to the heat Of battle.
went right at it, hammer and tongs, and
it looked as though a knockout might re
sult at any moment.' Trac-^ fiddled up
and around his opponent like a cooper
around a barrel, and then fiddling in me
bope of drawing out McConnoll's fire, he
shot out his left at McConnell's face and
as quick as a Hash the right followed,
landing hard on the ribs.
McConnell was not there for fun, and
soon let go his battery, and a hot rally
followed, both men landing lefts and
rights on body and face. Just before the
gong sounded McConnell caught Tracy
a hard right on the ear, and In return he
received a .short-arm right in the stom
acn, the sound of which could be heard
twenty yards from the ring. It was a
great fight so far, and honors were about
evenly divided.
Another exciting round followed when
the gong called the fighters to their feet.
Tracey Jumpeu— or, rather, slid— around
the ring like- a dnncing master, fiddling
with his gloves and executing qulcK
moves, by which ho hoped to demoralize
his opponent; but McConnell was as cool
as a cucumber, and moving up to within
range of the Australian he led with tnc
left, but the blow was very neatly
blocked. In fact, Tracey is considered
one of the best defensive fighters of tne
day. Tracey tried a mix-up, and as quiok
as a fla-sh he landed two lefts on McCon
nell's mouth; but for this he received a
right under the left arm which made him
wince. Again the fighter* got to mixing
it up, but the honors were about even.
After a rally McConnell made a. des
perate attempt to swing on Tracey's jaw,
but the agile Thomas slid to one side and
caught his opponent in the neck as he was
passing. The blow slightly staggered
McConnell and then the spectators realiz
ed what a quick man the Australian is.
Like a cat he sprang at his quarry and
sending out right and left at head and
body. Tom clinched and wrestled McCon
nell to the ropes, where again Tracey
landed twice on the body. This was
Tracey's round beyond nny question.
McConnell scored a pretty good lend in
the fourth round. The ball opened with
a hot exchange in which both landed on,
face and body. Tracy swung his left
hard at the jaw and missed. McConnell
took quick advantage of the opening and
landed a hard right on Tracey's ear,
which brought the receiver to his senses.
McConnell followed up his game in the
hope of landing his right again, but
Tracey was too tricky and shot around
the ring and away from danger. Hard
lighting ended the round but iYlcConhell
bad the best of the rally.
In tne fifth McConnell changed his tac
tics and resorted to left hand jabbing,
landing occasionally, but generally the
blows were well blocked. Tracey was a
bit pumped, and he did not resort to too
much fighting. He rested up.
The pugilists, having had five hard
rounds, slowed down in their dash arid
resorted to cunning tactics. Jabbing and
body punching was the order up to the
eighth round, when Tracey tried again to
steal a march on McConnell, and essayed
a knockout. It was a right at the Jaw,
but the blow landed too far back to bring
the desired , results McConnell was now
angry, and rushed Tracey to the ropes,
where he (McConnell) tried to land his
right but his man was too foxy and
Bidled away from punishment.
In the ninth there was some hard fight-
Ing at clone quarters, and both men re
turned from two hot rallies with bloody
mouths.
In the tenth round Tracey again swung
his left for the jaw, the blow whizzing
past McConnell's chin and sending Tra
cey sprawling on his hands, the Impetus
was' so great. MeConni'll dashed at
Tracey as the latter regained his pins,
and as pretty a bit of in-fighting as any
person could wisn to see resulted. It
was give and take, but the local man
seemed to have had the better of the ar-
Nothing of any particular note hap
pened until the fifteenth round, when Mc-
Donnell landed a smashing right on
Trarey's nose, driving the receiver's
head back on his shoulders The Aus
tralian was now very wild, and he dashed
at McConncll, shooting out right and lift
t head and body. The local man was,
however c(|u.al to the occasion, and re
turned blow for blow, but he couM act
land a right with any effect on Tracey,
the artful dodger.
In the sixteenth round during a re
markably savage rally, McConnell cut
open Tracey's left eyebrow and the blood
blinded the Australian. Again MoConnell
landed on the eye and Tracey was evi
dently going as he received a smash in
the Jaw which dazed him but the Aus
tralian was too old a bird to be caught
l,v a youngster in the profession, and he
clinched and held on until the gong
saved him from what might have been
a When the seventeenth round was called
everybody expected to see McConnell
finish the job." but Tracey had recovered
and was fighting strong. After a few
exchanges McConnell backed toward hia
corner, followed by Tracey, who was fid
dling like a jack-in-the-box in front of
the Californian. Finally McConnell sent
out a short left lead. This was just what
Tracey wanted, for as quick as a flash he
flung his right at the objective point and
the glove at last landed on McConnell a
jaw. McConnell fell to the carpet and
was unable to rise until counted out.
The fight is one of. If not the best, from
a scientific point of view, that has ever
taken place in this city.
The preliminary event of the night was
a 10-round bout between Morris Jacobs
of St. Louis, whose marvelous muscular
development has earned him the title of
the "Midget Sandow." and Charles Tye of
the Reliance Club, Oakland.
Tye weighed in at 135 pounds and Ja
cobs the same. The contestants agraed
not to hit in clinches.
Tye showed the most cleverness •rom
the start, Jacobs' blows being ill w Id
swings. Tye landed several good straight
lefts and proved himself the best ring
general. .
Jacobs landed one good blow In the
second round, a hard left swing in tne
stomach. Tye contented himself with
jabbing his opponent's face with his loft.
There was some fast fighting in the
third, and both men were nearly uut.
First Tye had the best of it, but Jacobs
superior strength stood him in good stead
and he rallied toward the end.
The fourth was an exciting round, lye
landed a corker on the jaw and Jacobs
went down for nine seconds, and then
staggered to his feet and fought back
hard to the end of the round, though
badly fatigued.
The next round was slower. Tye .nnaea
his left continually on Jacobs' orulsed
face and the latter tried a number of in
effectual swings.
Jacobs' great gameness and recuperative
powers kept him up through the sixth
round, Tye landing on his bloody face at
will without a return, but the Oaklander
did not have the strength to put htm out.
From sheer exhaustion, and suffering
from the many hard blows he had receiv
ed Jacobs succumbed in the seventh
round and going to the floor from a left
on the law, was counted out. Tye was
loudly applauded for his victory and
Jacobs for his gameness.
OLYMPIC OFFICERS.
Nominating Committee Elected
by the Club Members.
An adjourned meeting of the members
of the Olympic Club was held last even
ing at 7:30 o'clock for the purpose of elect
ing a nominating committee, who will
nominate a board of directors for the next
term. The following gentlemen were
unanimously elected: Dr. A. M. Burns,
Charles Albert Adams. Edward R. Swain,
Charles K. Melrose and Mr. Chaplns. This
committee wHI meet In a few days and re
port back to the club.
NUMEROUS DONATIONS
FOR THE RED CROSS
LARGE SUM RECEIVED FROM
LOCAL CITIZENS.
Ferry Hospitality Committee Has a
Busy Day — Other Notes of
Interest.
Donations were received at the ferry
from E. S. Holden. Miss Price, Mrs. Mont
eagle, Mrs. Pembroke, Mrs. J. F. Merrill,
E. J. Coleman, Mr. Holmes, Pacific Coast
Steamship Company.
Donations were receieved by the State
society from Eureka, Corvallls, San Luis
Obispo. Cahneorga Valley, Reno, Weaver
ville, Benicia, Lincoln, Napa, Vallejo, San
Jo?e, Mendocino, and a large donation
from the children of the Korbil school,
Humboldt.
Mr. Meeker and Mrs. Webber have giv
en valuable assistance in raising money
for the Red Cross.
Mrs. Lowenberg of the hospitality com
mittee reported that during the week
her committee had entertained over 2350
soldiera. Yesterday .'25 New York men and
400 engineers boarding the transports were
lunched.
Donations were received by the Ban " Fran
cisco lied Cross Society from Belmont School.
Miibrae Dairy, Mrs. Wilshire, Goldberg. Bowen
& Co., airs. E» Rhode. Mrs. J. Fader. Mrs.
M. B. K.-il ■•;;.:,'. •• - ' • •'• ' •
Subscriptions were received as follows yes
terday: Employes - Union Iron Works at Pa
cific Mall Dock. $9 75;. Mrs. William Kohl. San
Mateo, $250; Miss Kohl, San Mateo, $100; Mrs.
A Rixan. $1; memberships, $13; Mr. Ben
Cohen, (2 76; through the Franco-California
Bank, per K. Raas, $109 67; special donation
by the Fourth of July committee of Santa Bar
bara for Seventh California. $101 11; Century
Club, additional, $3 SO; Mrs. Joseph Hutchln
son, monthly subscription, ; $5. '■ ' '
A full list of j Red Cross , articles were ship
ped on the outgoing transports. "Tommy At
kins" and pansies were . distributed to the
men on the dock. ' ' ' . '
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president, received the
following . letter yesterday: Dear Madam:
On behalf of the board of directors of the
Mount Zion Hospital I take pleasure In In
forming you that two free beds in the hospital,
corner of Sutter and Hyde streets, are at the
disposal of your society to be used for the
sick aoldlers. Yours ™^*£«K^^
Santa Barbara sent $104 to the society yes
terday to be spent on the Seventh California,
now at Manila. •
At the executive session yesterday morning
a vote of thanks was extended to the six dally
papers for their donation of a complete file of
papers since the Red Cross started In San
Francisco and to Cunningham. Curtlss &
Welch and LeCount Bros, for their generous
donations. ■ -,*,
BRINGS THE FAMILIES
OF SPANISH OFFICERS
San Juan Returns to Santiago From
Manzanillo With Women
and Children.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 5, 2:25
p m.— The steamer San Juan, -which
went to Manzanillo under a flap of
truce to bring: here the families of the
Spanish officers who reinforced Lin
ares In Santiago before the capitula
tion, returned this morning, bringing
thirty-five persons, the wives and chil
dren of the officers who came with Gen
eral Escarios.
Originally it was said that there were
seventy-five persons to be brought, but
General Toral sVnt two officers to see
that only the "lesrally married wives"
came, whi^h reduced the number to
thirty-eight.
The San Juan was piloted into Man
zanillo by the Hist, under a flag of
truce. The Hist's commander found
everything peaceful and no complaint
of hunger. The Spanish steamer Puris
ima Concepcion, which was destroyed
there on July 18. had, it appears, landed
half her cargo at that time.
This morning General Shafter ap
pointed a special board to inspect the
men prior to embarkation. The board
consists of Major Wood, chief surgeon
of the First Division; Major Kilbourne,
chief surgeon of the Second Division,
and Dr. Gonzales, army surgeon. The
board began work to-day at the head
quarters of the cavalry division, which
is to embark to-morrow,
urtil "Wednesday afternoon, when he
TO BORE FOB, PETROLEUM.
Movement at Vallejo to Organize a
Corporation.
VALLEJO. Aug. 5.— Preliminary step?
for the organization of a corporation to
develop the petroleum belt a few miles
north of here were taken to-day. F. de
Miranda, the representative of the Peru
vian Oil Company and an expert of world
wide reputation, has examined the loca
tion and gives his opinion that there is a
vast amount of petroleum easily accessi
ble on the ranches in the belt, which ex
tends from the tules adjoining Napa
Creek char into Benlcia Township. A
committee of prominent land owners,
composed of John Hrownlie. John Wilson
and Hon. J. J. Luchsinger. was named to
see all land owners interested and «ecure
their rights in the mineral claims, under
which the petroleum will be worked. If
the project i? successful there is every
evidence that Vallejo will become a large
manufacturing center.
Lineman Killed at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. s.— Mason A.
Binkley, a lineman, in the employ of the
Edison Electric Company, was killed this
afternoon by a shock from a wire charged
with 2000 volts of electricity and a fjUl of
twenty-live feet from the top of an elec
tric light mast. Binkley was soldering a
Joint when the accident happened.
A MAN UP A TREE.
Charles Pettijohn, an Aged Lunatic, Builds
a Fort and Seeks Refuge From
Imaginary Enemies,
Believing that he was pursued by enemies who desired to rob him, Chas. (
Pettijohn, aged 61 years, living at 1017 Florida street, took up his station in. (
a large gum tree on his property yesterday morning and with a pistol in {
each hand informed all who approached that he was determined to defend <
his property even at the expense of life. V. K. Templeton, a milkman, who <
passed the place about 5 o'clock in the morning, saw that the man was in- t
sane and notified the police at -he Seventeenth-Street Station.
Officers Charles Brown, John Edner and E. F. Bode were detailed on <
the case, and when they went to Pettijohn's home they found him still in <
the tree and were warned that they had better keep their distance. By ■:
means of coaxing the officers finally persuaded the demented man to come t
out of his tree and enter the house, where they surrounded and disarmed (
him. He was charged with insanity and his case, which came up before !
the commissioners yesterday, resulted in his being sent to Agnews.
Pettijohn, who was formerly a fine mechanic, received a blow on the (
head with a mallet some years ago and has never been right mentally (
since that time. Four years ago he was taken before the insanity com- (
mission, but was discharged. The neighbors have known that he was not (
possessed of his right mind, but until recently have considered him harm- !
less ■ (
A short time ago the idea seized him that some one was trying to <
rob him. He told friends that he had applied to the authorities for protec- i
tion and as he had been refused he was determined to take the matter
into' his own hands. He procured a long piece of steel, tied it to a rope, (
and would pound this with a hammer to let his neighbors know when the i
burglars, the creatures of his own mind, were about to attack him. The i
next move was to build a fort in the tree in which he was found yesterday.
This tree is about 100 feet high, and on two branches about eighty feet
from the ground he erected a platform, where he has spent most of his
time for the past few weeks. A ten-foot ladder leads from the foot of the
tree up to the first branches and from there up to the primitive fortress
cleats are nailed, which made his ascent to the platform possible.
PAGO-PAGO TO
BE IMPROVED
Washington Aroused at
German Aggression.
PROMPT ACTION ORDERED
THE LONG DISUSED COALING
STATION NOW NEEDED.
On the arrival of the Mariposa last week
The Call was the only paper to chronicle
the Important news she brought from Sa
moa. The : Germans, evidently deeming
that the Spanish-American war was their
opportunity, have been carrying matters
with a high hand. Despite all the clauses
of the Berlin treaty, which gives the
United States. Germany, and -England
joint control over the group, ( the German
president of the Municipal Coun
cil has openly defied the American
Chief Justice. He has; refused to > admit
Judge Chambers' jurisdiction, and as a
consequence the English and ■ American
consuls have appealed to their respective
powers for redress. •..,, :;*:• ......^
The effect of this piece of . news i at
Washington has been very marked. The
administration has moved with extreme
rapidity, for yesterday we published .he
announcement that the President had
given instructions to commence the ercc
tlon of a coaling station at Pago-Fago
t JemyytaAaso AdmlmlMeade obtained
from the Samoon p»y« r " 1 V' i , 1 lU"'S 1 S?"T h0
Xt was formiiliy embodied in a clause
oV'the Washington treaty <*^ a^££g
the United States and Samoa *hkh
rp-iri-?- "Naval vessels of the Lnltea sicuxs
shall have the- privilege of entering and
ush ib the port of Pago-Pago and estab
rights ofthe United States, or restrictions
thereof The same vessels shall also have
the privilege of entering other ports of the
S ATthe KKKhe Tamasesetrbubles in
1889 when the war vessels of Uncle Sam
and Germany so nearly exchanged' shots
fn ADla harbor ," -and were afterward
wrecked wholesale in the "famous hurri
cane Congress voted the ;sum of 000
to niamtafn American prestige .in .the
Sampan group. What' became , of . . this
mo™y is not clearly apparent, for noth-
C ° beyond landing a few thousand tons
of coal was . ever done at Pago-Pago A.
small wharf was built. at the time /but It
h?B long since fallen Into decay, the coal
has been consumed and nothing remains
to denote that the place is American
A P resident of San Francisco, who re
cently visited ' Pago-Pago. '"describes ? the
harbor as one of the most remarkable in
fhc Southern Pacific. ; It is really a fiord,
or deep indentation : in:. the land, nearly
cutting the small island of Tutuila in two.
It has deep water anchorage sufficient; to
accommodate the whole United -States
navy for it runs back, some three miles.
There is good anchorage all the way, in
from thirty to ; forty , fathoms, > though, as
the wind blows very strongly through this
gorge s sound ground tackle | Is . necessary.
The shores of the bay are very steep, high,
green clad. mountains tower on each side,
and around the, tops" of/these peaks the
trade winds rage in a continuous storm.
It always blows and nearly always rains
in Pago-Pago harbor. \ Squalls are of al
most hourly occurrence. ,/Btit there is no
danger from. these minor climatic disturb
ances as the -harbor »-i& securely " land
locked. ■ The , huge rollers ?of the Pacific
break with tremendous force upon " the
coral reefs which guard the entrance, but
they cannot penetrate far.
At Goat Isiand, a mile from the ocean,
the channel takes a sudden turn and the
rest of the harbor is completely land
locked. - ■
| Just within this island, on a sandy spot,
is all that remains of the United States
coaling ( station, which j it-is now proposed
to reconstruct. A native village, brown
huts peeping- out amidst the palm trees
and banana plantations, is close by, but
the fifteen acres of land belonging to Un
cle Sam are bare and desolate. : A few old
lighters lie, rotting on the beach; decay
ing stumps of piles indicate where there
was l once . a wharf. Owing to , the steep
ness' Of the "mountain's : which, • surround
Pago-Pago, very little land is available
round the beach. The natives themselves
are terribly cramped for level areas on
which to place their huts. They will not
live away from the water, consequently
every inch of level ground around the
shores of the bay is occupied by thea«
Samoans. .■-••■" : ■ .•' - —■■■■-■ •■
.Therefore, the land owned, if not occu
pied by this nation, has considerable in
trinsic worth, apart altogether' from Its
strategic value. It. would be difficult, In
deed, tor any other nation, to acquire; on
this harbor, such a suitable .place for a.
coaling station. The site is the pick o£
the bay. . .
At last, as learned from "Washington,
it is proposed to erect a suitable wharf,
with modern' appliances for coaling. There
are no difficulties in the way. The water
is always smooth and the shore. reef or
coral, which runs out for about fifty
yards from the beach, affords a splendid
foundation for piling. : Beyond this Is
deep water, so that once the .wharf is
carried out far enough the largest, ocean
going steamer can lay alongside end load
or discharge coal.
There is no question as to the strategic
advantage of . Pago-Pago ' as '.- a : coaling
station. In the event of a prolonged oc-.
cupation of the Philippines or -of any
complications arising with Germany or
the other European powers the -United,
States would find It of the greatest ad
vantage to have a station in the South
ern Pacific, where her ships could . repair
to refit or to obtain that great essential
of modern naval warfare— Though
late in the day,- President MeKinley has
at last recognized this fact.
In point of distance Pago-Pago Is as far
from Honolulu as . that | port is - frpm San
Francisco. It forms a sort of midway
halting place between San Francisco' and
Australia, being 2300 miles from Sydney.
2263 miles from Honolulu* and 4100" from
San Francisco: It is also nearly equally
placed with regard to the Philippines,
being 4000 miles from Manila. -
It is, however, the prospect of the near
construction of the Nicaragua canal
which gives the Samoan harbor its pros
pective strategic; value, i When the. isth
mian canal is opened the great volume of
American maritime trade will undoubt
edly follow this route across the Pacific.
A vessel -sailing from Panama will' have
8000 miles of water to cross before reach
ins Australia, and the only American
station vessels of- this nationality . will
find en route is Paso Pago harbor. Of
British, French " and ; German Isles there
are . plenty, but the United States ship
has only this one national port of refuge.
The United States Consuls in ..-Samoa
have not been slow to recognize the great
importance- of • Pago-Pago, ' and : - two or
three ' years -ago Mr. Mulligan, a i'ormer
Consul General, made a very strong. pro
test to Washington on the subject. He
wrote: ; ■ ■';•-.-. ■■)•. ':'■'■
So far as concerns the United -States the en
tire question of Samoa Is centered In. -this"
harbor, that Is aside- fKim what may perhaps
be permissibly termed the humane Interest of
the American public hi the rights and welfare
of the Samoans. Whatever value, from a na
val point of view, Samoa possessed when the
treaty of Washington was formulated, that
importance has since been ;, lnfcrease'dr many
times over. The apparently certain construc
tion, at Jio distort date, of an Isthmian canal
adds greatly to the desirability «f the- islands
and v the harbors they contain, whether that
canal' be under American control or' not. It
not under American direction.: then the great
er 1 the Importance of the possession -or: this
E 'samoa lies almost on the direct line of
transit from the Isthmus of Panama to Auck
land. Sydney, tuij in fact; an parts or tho
-Australian colonies. -As the latter grow in
population, production and wealth, the vol
ume of their tonnage, to Europe .'specially,
and in great part to the United State*, must
seek the Interoceanlc canal as its. route ; when
built - unless driven away by exorbitant tolls.
There are quite as -direct lines as Apia, but
none of , them American. , " : . . > .
Robert G. Ingersoll
Discusses the Results of the War
In Next Sunday's CalL
56
5ATURDAY. :..... .'.............AUGU5T 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
• Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*, S. F.
. Telephone Main 1868. •
EDITORIAL BOOMS. ..217 to 221 Stevenson Stre«t
*;:,. Telephone Mala 1574.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
. for 15 cents a wK- By mail $6 p«r year; per montfc
65 cents." ''
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. SWSO
OAKLAND OFFICE ••>. .'. 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ..Boom 188. World Build In
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative,
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£A« Hove»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE v Marquette Building
>i C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
I&ANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Hayes street, open until
' 0:30 o'clooK- 621 McAMteter street, open until 9:30
' •'clock- 615 LarKtn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 market
% Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. . .
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "Tho Maakea liall."
Aleatar— "Kieheliou
ifloroßCO'B- "Bonnie Scotland-"
Tivoll— "AUa "
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
The Cbutoe— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 615-pound Man.
Olympia— Corner Maeon and Eddy (streets. SpeoUkiUea.
butro's iiathe— Swimming.
H* creation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Courßlns— At Union CourslnK Park.
Coursiiitr — lugleeide Coursing: Park.
El Campo— Music, dancinir.boa'.ingr. flshlnsr, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacra mo uto. Sopten.ber a.
NAMING THE BATTLESHIPS.
WHEN Congress provided for the construction
of three new battleships it was virtually de
cided that their names should be Maine, Ohio
bnd Missouri.. Events that have occurred since that
time have led to suggestions in the East that the
names be reconsidered, and it is possible the sug
gestions may be carried out. The proposed vessels
are at present known to the Navy Department as
battleships Nos. 10, n and 12. No difficulty would
be experienced, therefore, in making a change in the
names that are to be finally given them.
The causes for the suggested changes are two. In
the first place the excellent records achieved during
the war by the Oiympia, Oregon, Charleston, Mon
terey and Other war vessels constructed in California
shipyards have led to an almost universal agreement
that the State should be honored by having one of
the new battleships constructed at her shipyards and
called by her name. In the second place, the an
nouncement that it will be possible to raise and re
pair in full strength the flagship of Cervera's squad
ron has given rise to a desire that she should be in
our iieet named the Maine,- there being a sort of
poetic justice in exacting from the Spaniard another
Maine to replace the one destroyed at Havana.
Each of these reasons for revising the names pro
posed for the new battleships is good, and taken to
gether they constitute an almost unanswerable ar
gument for adopting that course. If it should so
happen that rhe construction of none of the three
new vessels should be awarded to California builders
we would willingly forego all claims to have any of
them nanu-d after the State, for when we have a Cal
ifornia in the fleet we wish her to represent the work
rinn«hip of our ftuildefs. We wish her to be Cali
forniar. hi every respect. But if, as is probable, one
of the ships is to be constructed here, then it wi! he
only right and fair that she should be named for the
State whose excellence in the building of warships
ha? been so brilliantly demonstrated both in the.
Orient, and in the West Indies.
The claim of California in this respect should be
penitently urged at Washington. A considerable
number of our Eastern exchanges are favorable to
the claim, and they of course represent a large meas
ure of public opinion in that section. We have,
therefore, a good body of friends to start with in
making the fight for the State. The lead and the
greater part of the work in the movement will, how
ever, devolve upon us. If we do not act we cannot
expect our Eastern supporters to do so.
By the State authorities, by Boards of Trade,
Chambers of Commerce and other organized bodies
of influential men the attention of the officials at
Washington should be directed to the matter at once.
Let us give to the captured Spanish flagship the
name Maine in perpetual remembrance of victory,
and of the three new battleships let whichever one is
constructed on this coast bear the name California.
As a matter of curiosity, not untinged by a desire
for justice, we would like to know whom Chief Lees
has now in his justly celebrated tanks, what the gen
tleman is there for and how long the Chief proposes
to keep him. If there is no basis for the rumor that
groans were" heard proceeding from the dank region
where the Chief immures the suspected, the Chief
ought to say so. Perhaps the place is haunted by the
spirits of those who have been thrown in so as to be
mellowed to the confession point. Anyhow, the tanks
are not popular, and the Chief ought to abolish them
and find some other method of amusing himself.
Now that some peddlers have been arrested for hav
ing possession of army uniforms wonder arises as to
what they ever expected to do with them. Perhaps
they have a contract for the garbing of scarecrows.
Unless this is the ease, they can easily establish a
plea of insanity.
When the Pacific Ocean presumed to swamp a
canoe containing Colonel Smith and Captain Kelleher
of- the -First California it was trifling with the dignity
of the army and a great commonwealth.
Yauco, Porto Rico, United States of America. This
is a new style of address, but it does riot appear to
constitute a violent assault upon the constitution.
Carlists by inaugurating a revolution just now will
win no admiration. The tendency to kick one who is
down is not indicative of lovable traits.
While Camara's squadron is announced as being
helpless, it still has the peculiar advantage of not
being a submarine affair.
At rheprospect of a clash between General Merritt
and Aguinaldo there is an involuntary feeling of pity
for Aguinaldo.
Victory seems to be fooking around for American
banners upon which to perch, but Blanco's jawbone
is still .hostile.
Dr. Pardee is said to have no confidence in his
friends. Such U the sort of feeling which easily be-
ABOUT PARTY POLICY.
T~) ECAUSE The Call has mentioned the Sen-
Y\ atorial candidacy of Mr. Bulla we are asked if
A — * he is The Call's candidate. To this we answer
for this case and for all that may arise that he is
not, and that The Call has no candidate for any
office. >
A proper view of party policy requires fair treat
ment for all sections of the State. The teeming com
munities of Southern California have great Federal
interests.
Until 1882 the Governor was always from north of
the Tehachapi. Until the election of Senator White
both Senators had always been from the same sec
tion. As the population of the south increased its
Republican majority swelled also. Great commercial
interests were planted there, and immense industrial
development has taken piace. That section has su
preme interests that depend upon proper attention
at Washington. If the voice of their press represent
thefr aspiration, it is for Senator. The same press
m a spirit of fairness has conceded the Governor to
the north. This spirit should be met in kind.
It is for this reason that The Call has supported
the views of Southern California, which should also
be the views of Northern California, if we are to
have that peace in the party which is the fruit of
natural politics and good understanding. Mr. Bulla
has been mentioned in these columns simply as a
symptom of that feeling in his section. There are
uther candidates there, worthy men all. Their proper
course is to work for party success, for the election
of an untrammeled Republican Legislature, and sub
mit to it the claim that may be justified by their
merit and their service. The Call has no choice be
tween them.
PThe political situation in this State presents a
eat opportunity to the Republican party. The
flagrant practice of unjustifiable artifice by the Dem
ocratic bosses has made it impossible for that party
to present a battle front in the coming campaign.
Upon the Republican party is the responsibility of
giving to the State a government becoming to its
dignity and suited to the high aspiration of its peo
ple. The opportunity offered to the party is, of
course, attractive to the party hack and harpy who
will take advantage of it, if permitted, to serve low
ends and personal greeds and grudges. But the party
has in it the controlling influence of men of clear
sight, of patriotic impulse, of intelligent knowledge
of the wishes and interests of the people. To them
the political opportunity, now disclosed, is presented
as a party emergency. A great duty has come in
sight. They desire to discharge it with greatness.
They wish that the sound principles of the party shall
be represented on the ticket by its highest personal
character. The people have learned by many a hard
lesson that party principles and personal character
must be joined to secure good government. The
party, if left its free way. with no momentum save
the wish and intent of the best character in it, will
present its principles for indorsement at the polls in
the keeping of its best men. Perhaps they may be
men whose names are not now on the bill boards,
who are not out in top voice shouting their own
merits and declaiming of the demerits of others.
Perhaps they are men who cherish no personal am
bition for office, who shrink from a candidature for
a nomination, and who would accept leadership sad
dened by the sense of the responsibility it carries.
Whoever they may be. The Call has faith that their
preferment will have been deserved and their suc
cess an assurance of stability, dignity and decency
in the State administration. Feeling sure that a
dignified outcome is certain in the convention, The
Call will continue to press the overmastering neces
sity of such outcome upon the masses of the party.
but it has no candidate to urge upon their atten
tion.
If this view be taken by the party press, crystal
lized into policy by the State convention, it will do
such justice to all parts of the State that contentment
with the result will bring into the working field all
men of merit everywhere, and at the polls respect for
the ticket will attract the votes of independent men,
to whom the State's honor is higher than party ad
vantage.
THE WAR OND THE REGULARS.
Y~) EFORE the country begins to give more atten-
Dtion to the proceedings of diplomatists and
statesmen arranging terms of peace than to
the actions of the soldiers and seamen prosecuting
the war it is but right and fair that due credit and
honor should be given to the part played in the con
flict by the men of the regular army. They have
been to some extent overlooked thus far, and the
average citizen reading daily of the deeds of the vol
unteers has probably hardly been aware that the reg
ulars all along have been doing their share of the
fighting.
It was natural and inevitable that the volunteers
should receive a far larger share of fame and praise
than the regulars, though both were engaged in the
same work and performed it with equal fidelity and
distinction. This was due to the State pride innate
in the citizens of every commonwealth in the Union.
As soon as the call for volunteers was issued the
States began to vie with one another to see which
would the soonest and most effectively fill the quota
allotted to it. That fact led the newspapers to de
vote a large amount of space every day to the organ
ization of the volunteer army. Next as the troops
were sent to the front State pride again compelled
the press to give conspicuous notice to whatever was
accomplished by any regiment that represented the
State in which the paper was published. In that
way it came about that from the beginning of the
war the deeds of the volunteers have been trumpeted
through the Union almost to the exclusion of any
record of the service of the regulars.
The praise bestowed upon the volunteer regiments
has not been greater than they deserved, but when
one is praised and another equally deserving is neg
lected an injustice is done. In the present case the
injustice has not been of an injurious character, but
none the less it should be corrected. The men of
the regular army are not associated with State pride,
the selection of their officers is not a matter that
rouses local interest, their valor in the field reflects
glory upon no particular commonwealth, and they
are not objects of special interest to any community.
They have no following of zealous friends, admirers
and partisans to shout applause for everything they
accomplish. If they are Jo receive their due credit
therefore it must come from all parts of the Union
and be given with the ardor of a national patriotism
unaffected by any trace whatever of local feeling.
The volunteers have done well, but the regulars,
after all, have done most of the fighting. They
formed the backbone of the army that fought its way
through the chaparral to Santiago and drove the
Spanish foe from ambuscades and entrenchments.
Some of them are now marching with Miles in his
picnic parade in Porto Rico, and others will be with
Merritt when the struggle begins at Manila. They
do not represent California or Georgia or Maine, but
none-the less they,- are our boys as -truly. -as are -those;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
who carry State names on their banners. They arc
the nation's own, and in the nation's name let their
merit be recognized and proclaimed.
A PRECEDENT deserving the attention of
loyal Republicans in all parts erf the State and
worthy of being generally followed has been
established by the action of the Good Government
Club in Santa Clara County in preparing at once to
bring out the full vote of the rank and file of the
party at the approaching primaries in order to over
throw boss rule and maintain the purity and fairness
of honest politics.
Few counties in the State have been so completely
subjected to the domination of bosses as Santa Clara,
and in most of them, therefore, no such strong in
centive to action exists as among Republicans there;
but none the less all Republicans throughout Cali
fornia will find it of advantage to be on the alert at
the primaries. The bosses will make a fight every
where. They will not only try to carry their own
counties, but will reach out for delegates elsewhere,
and wherever the rank and tile of the party are found
off their guard it is more than likely the bosses and
their allies among the corrupting corporations of
the State will procure the election to the State, dis
trict; or county conventions of men subservient to
them and adverse to the welfare of true Repub
licanism.
It is becoming more evident every day that the
chief issue in the coming campaign is to be that of
honest politics against corruption and political dis
honor. The old questions of free trade or protec
tion, free silver or sound money, were virtually de
cided at the last Presidential election, and for the
present at any rate the agitators of the policy of dis
content have subsided. New issues are to arise out
of the war and the settlement of the banking
problem, but these have not yet been formulated for
submission to the people. The time is therefore pro
pitious for the members of all parties to clean their
camps, and it is natural the people at large should
expect them to do so.
In the Democratic camp the bosses have been al
lowed their own way this far. They have managed
to get hold of the broom and are doing the sweeping
and the cleaning out. They have swept out very
nearly all Democrats of conservative views or in
dependent, self-respecting manhood. The Populist
camp, moreover, has been captured and its machin
ery turned to the uses of the bosses among the Dem
ocrats. From these two organizations, therefore, the
people can expect nothing in the way of honest poli
tics or good administration. There remain? the Re
publican party. To it the independent voters and all
good citizens are looking with hope and expectation.
At the present outlook the most sanguine hopes of
a triumph of the people through the Republican or
ganization axe well founded. The State Central Com
mittee defeated the sche.mes of the bosses at the out
set, and by requiring the holding of primary elections
in all the principal counties of the State provided a
means by which the rank and file could rid them
selves of boss control and assert their own suprem
acy. To accomplish the victory, however, the people
must act. It is this fact which gives special signifi
cance and general importance to the movement un
dertaken by the Republicans of Santa Clara County.
The impulse given there toward bringing out a
full vote of all loyal Republicans at the primaries
ought to find a ready, responsiveness everywhere. If
it does, the victory for honest politics will be assured
and the State freed from %-hat Chairman Mclaughlin
described as boss rule, corruption in politics and the
domination of corporations.
THE PRESERVATION OF FORESTS.
WHILE, despite the forest fires now raging,
many people of California continue in a con
dition of indifference amounting almost to
apathy with regard to the waste of the magnificent
woods of the State, public sentiment in the East is
rapidly forming itself into a resolute determination
to protect the woodlands of that section. Evidence
of the growing interest in the subject in the older
States abounds on every hand. Whenever an op
portunity offers, the leaders in this movement for for
est preservation are prompt to advance their argu
ments, and almost invariably these are given wide
circulation and strong indorsement by the press.
An illustration of the general interest in the subject
was given at the recent meeting of the American
Paper and Pulp Association. It was pointed 'out at
the meeting that there are now upward of ijoo mills
in the United States engaged in making paper from
wood pulp, and that they consume annually about
2.000,000 cords of wood. This statement led to a
consideration of the length of time the lorests of the
country would stand the drain, and Professor Fer
non, an authority on forestry, was invited to address
the association on the subject.
The professor is reported by the Philadelphia
Record to have submitted an estimate that hardly
more than twenty years' supply of wood pulp ma
terial is to be found in the forests of the North
eastern States, and that Canada could not contribute
much to postpone the time when the supply must be
exhausted. If we, therefore, continue our present
wasteful method of dealing with our forests it will go
hard with the coming generation of Americans tb ob
tain the woods they need for their industries.
An easy remedy for the menacing evil exists if we
choose to apply it. Professor Fernon says: "Just
as the mining industry only thirty years ago was car
ried on in an empiric way, without scien
tific basis or direction, while now well edu
cated assayers and superintendents are em
ployed everywhere, so the time will come when every
owner of a forest property will have learned that there
is such a thing as forestry, which requires technical
training, and which can increase the product and
property of a forest area far beyond the unaided
efforts of nature left to itself."
For the maintenance, continuance and reproduc
tion of our forests the professor went on to say it is
not necessary that we should resort to the costly
method of planting trees by the thousand. As a proof
of this he cited the fact that the magnificent spruce
forests of Germany, which bear a burden of from
io.doo to 12.000 cubic feet when ioo years old, of
which from 60,000 to 80.000 board feet is saw timber,
with 250 to 350 trees to the acre, have mostly been se
cured, not by the planting tool, but by natural re
seeding under the guidance of nature by skilled for
esters.
The importance of this subject cannot be too often
impressed upon the people of California. It is time
for the issue- to be considered in this State as one re
quiring immediate legislation. With the experience of
the Eastern States and of Europe before us, it will be
a folly of the worst kind if we permit our noble for
ests to be wasted without making a well directed
effort to save and improve them.
Possibly Chief Lees is demanding more room in the
Hall of Justice so that he may be enabled to enlarge
the tanks wherein he incarcerates such citizens as
.do not have the boon of his-«steem.
A GOOD PRECEDENT.
THE WOUNDED SOLDIER.
Steady, boys, steady!
Keep your arms ready!
God only knows whom we may meet here.
Don't let me be taken;
I'd rather awaken;
To-morrow, in — no matter where
Than lie in that foul prison hole — over there.
Stoop slowly!
Speak lowly!
These rocks may have life.
Lay me down in this hollow!
We are out of the strife:
By heavens! the foeman may track me in blood;
No! No surgeon for me — he can give me no aid;
The surgeon I want is the pickaxe and spade.
What, Morris, a tear? Why, shame on ye, man!
I thought you were a hero; but since you've began
To whimper and cry like a girl in her teens,
By George! I don't know what the devil it means.
Well! well! I am rough; 'tis a very rough school,
This life of a trooper — but yet I'm no fool!
I know a brave man and a friend from a foe;
And, boys, that you love me I certainly know.
But wasn't it grand,
'When they came down the hill in sloughing and sand?
But we stood — did we not? — like immovable rock
Unheeding their shells and repelling their shock!
Did you mind the loud cry
When, as turning to fly,
Our men sprang upon them, determined to die?
Oh, wasn't it grand?
God help the poor wretches who fell in that fight,
No time was there given for prayer or for flight;
They fell by the score, in the crash hand to hand,
And they mingled their blood with the sloughing and sand.
Huzza!
Great heavens! This bullet wound gapes like a graye —
A curse on the aim of the traitorous knave!
Is there never a one of ye that knows how to pray,
Or speak for a man as his life ebbs away?
Pray!
Pray!
Our Father! Our Father! Why don't yqu proceed?
Can't you see I am dying? Great God, how I bleed!
Ebbing away! •
Ebbing away!
The light of the day
Is turning to gray.
Pray!
Pray!
Our Father in heaven — boys, tell me the rest,
While I stanch this hot blood from this hole in my breast
There's something about a forgiveness of sin —
Put that in! Put that in! — and then
I'll follow your words and say an amen.
Here, Morris, old fellow, get hold of my hand;
And, Wilson, my comrade — oh! wasn't it grand,
When they came down the hill like a thunder-charged cloud,
And were scattered like mist by our brave little crowd!
Where's Wilson, my comrade? Here, stoop down your head,
Can't you say a short prayer for the dying and dead?
"Christ God, who died for sinners all.
Hear Thou this suppliant wanderer's cry;
Let not c'en this sparrow fall
Unheeded by Thy gracious eye.
Throw wide the pates to let him in
And take him pleading to Thine arms;
Forgive, O Lord, this life-long sin.
And quiet all his fierce alarms."
God bless you, my comrade, for singing that hymn!
It is light to my path, when my sight has grown dim!
I am dying — bend down, till I touch you once more —
Don't forget me, old fellow — God prosper this war!
Confusion to enemies — keep hold of my hand —
And float our dear flag o'er a prosperous land!
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
TWO BACK DATES— A. S., City. Jan
uary 12 1889. fell on a Saturday and No
v<niber 24, IS9O, fell on a Monday.
FOURTH OF JULY— A. S., City. When
it was noon July 4 in San Francisco, IS9B.
It was 7:44:25 p. m., July 4, 1898, in the
city of Dublin, Ireland.
CASE WAS DISMISSED— A. 8., Mar
tinez, Cat In the case of Mrs. Ellen Mur
ray, who was arrested on .a charge of
Pttaltng a saucepan, there was no prose
ution and the case was dismissed.
NO ADMTRAL-— S. R. R., City. There.
1p no admiral in the United States navy
at this time. The highest ranking officer
In the navy at the present is Rear Ad
miral J N. Miller, who was commissioned
BVlch March 24, 1897.
AFTER DIVORCE— A. S., Vallejo, Cal.
If a man is divorced from his wife in
California and shortly thereafter should
make up his mind that he would like to
marry her again he cannot, in this State,
do so until a year after the divorce has
elapsed.
A STREET IN SACRAMENTO— L. A.
W., City. By the question, "Which is the
main street In Sacramento?" it is to be
presumed that the prlm\vil business
street is meant. If that is so. then the
answer is X street. That street runs
west-northwest and east-southeast.
THE LINCOLN ASSASSINATION-H.
J., St. Cloud, Minn. Abraham Lincoln
was shot April 15. lSfiy, in Ford's Thea
ter Washington. D. C, at about 9:30
p m. No one took note of the exact
time Ha was shot from behind, and but
on.- shot was flr»-d. As the weapon that
was used was not found after the trag>
edy it is not known what kind it was.
GENERAL CUSTER— N., Tiburon, Cal.
General Custer was killed in a battle with
the Sioux Indians in the Little Big Horn
in the Black Hills, June 25 or 26, 1876. It
is impossible to fix the day of his death,
as not one of the men who followed him
into the fight escaped. All were massa
cred, but it was on one of the two days
named.
SLAVES IN CUBA— I. N. Q., Berkeley,
Cal. By a law promulgated February IS,
I.SSO, by Alphoneo XII the gradual eman
cipation of slaves in Cuba was decreed.
l*r> to May, 1886, 120.000 had been freed and
by a decree in October of that year
more were freed. Three years later «■»!
the slaves on the island had been freed.
After that there was no legal slavery in
Cuba. .
NIX'S MATE— S., City. Nix's Mate is
the name given to a subnvjrjced island in
Boston harbor. Mass. There is a stone
beacon built upon it to mark It. The story
connected with the island is th<i*. ihere
was a sailor known as Nix's mate who
was hanged for piracy on that island.
which was then above the level of the
tide. He declared his innocence to he
last, and said that )n pi oof thereof ti.e
iMi'nd would be submerged.
SPANISH SOLDIERS AND SAILORS—
B. M. W., Soledad, Cal. It Is Impossible
to say "how many Spanish soldiers were
immediately engaged in front of Santiago
against ShaftePs troops at the- time they
surrendered." for the reason that the
Spanish officers, and they are the only
ones who know, have not given out the
figures. For the same reason the ques
tion "How many were killed and taken
at the time of the engagement with Cer
vera?" cannot be answered.
OCEAN CABLES— H. S. R., Dixon. Cal.
In the insulation of wires for ocean ca
bles the wire is wound with thread, then
put in an oven to get rid of any moisture,
being exposed to a heat of 180 F. It is then
,j>ut In a bath of paraffin. After that it
J. W. WATSON
goes to a hot air bath and then it is run
through a lead pipe, and as it is placed in
that it is tested for leaks. It is also cov
ered with a solution of gutta percha and
Stockholm tar and the sheath is of wire
covered with tarred Manila yarn.
DAWSON CITY— A. R., City. The post
age to Dawson City is 2 cents per ounce,
prepayment compulsory. A letter direct
ed to the individual for whom it is in
tended. Dawson City, Northwest Terri
tory, B. C, will reach him if he is there.
CERVERA— M. R., Pomona, Cal. Ac
cording to reports, when Cervera started
to leave the harbor of Santiago his flag
ship was the Maria Teresa. When she
was sinking he transferred his flag to
the Cristobal Colon and was on that ves
sel when he surrendered.
PITTSBURG— A. D. 8., Camp Merritt.
City. There Is no way of ascertaining
the exact population of Pittsburgh Pa., at
this time, as there has not been a cen
sus taken since 1890. The figures at that
date were 235.617. The estimate of the
Mayor of that city on the Ist of last Jan
uary was 290,000.
A PUBLIC RESORT— X., City. There
is so much difference of opinion as to
whether a public resort is "a nice place
to go to or not" that it becomes a matter
of individual taste. What may be nice
to one may not be nice to another. The
simplest way for you to determine the
question to your own satisfaction is to
visit the place and judge for yourself.
The admission fee to the place named in
your communication is very small and a
-i«t l. »Ie will satisfy you as to whether
it is a nice place or not.
TO THE FRONT— O., Lime Point, Cal.
It is impossible at this time to say if any
of the troops now at Camp Merrltt. Camp
Merriam or other points within the vlcin
ity of San Francisco will be sent to the
front. If peace should be declared as 't
seems possible that it will be in a' short
time, then there will not be so it is
thought, any occasion to send additional
troops to Manila, but if on the other
hand the authorities should decide to
send additional troops to General Merritt
then the probabilities are that all troops'
stationed here will be sent on.
INFECTED CLOTHING— J. F., City.
Since the publication of the answer in re
lation to infected clothing during the
Civil War, this department, in making an
| investigation in another line, discovered
that in the testimony given by T T.
Hyams before the court martial on' the
29th of May, 1565, when those who were
charged with the assassination of Presi
dent Lincoln were on trial, he declared
that there had been a conspiracy to bring
, pestilence into the Unittd States, and that
, one Dr. Blackburn of Toronto, Canada,
I in 1863 made offers to him of a stated
I sum of money, in consideration of which
| he was to take to the United States cer
; tain clothing infected with yellow fever
i and smallpox germs, and distribute the
same, so that an epidemic would be
spread among the people of the North.
A LONG WALK-A. A. G., City. The
distance from Powell and Washington
streets, along Powell to California, out
that atreet to Fifth avenue, to McAllister
street, across Golden Gate Park to near
the Olympic ground, thence along the
road to Dewey (Balboa) avenue, out the
avenue to Ingleside, then along the road
to the beach, then along the great high
way to the cliff and from there to the ter
minus of the Sacramento street line gfcid
from there along the track of that line
to the point of commencement is 98,600
feet or a little in excess of eighteen and
one-half miles. A young lady who walked
that distance in six and a quarter hours
performed a good feat of pedestri<ir.i.s-n.
in view of the fact that it was about three
miles an hour, and the further fact that
the average man, when not sprinti'itf.
walks at the rate of three miles an hour
or four feet per second.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS*
F. C. Lusk, a lawyer of Chico, is at th«
Palace.
JJen M. Maddox of Visalia is at the
California. .
Nott Lette, a mining mail from Reno,
Is at the Grand.
C. White Mortfmer of Los Angeles is
at the Occidental.
A. L. Boss and .family of San Diego
are at the California.
W. TV. Douglass', Deputy State Con
troller, is at the Grand.
Dr. Wight, wife and daughter of Hono
lulu are at the Occidental. .
Henry Burns, a mining' man of San An
tonio, Tex,, is at the Grand.
The Vanderbllt
office on .Mont
gomery , street
Ie Viinderbilt
i on Mont
ivy strew*
betn in on«
seething boil for
the list few days.
Telegrums have
_ been hurried over
the* wire to the utter confusion of every
other railroad office on the "street. A
few have been collected. They are as fol-
: CECOTO, Aug. 1. 1*93.
Amos Burr of Burr & Gill': Will tell ,you.
regarding : the boy the doctor announced five
minutes ago." Left for the- city at once to
claim wager. Telegraph congratulations mid
way point.' • . CARLETON C. CRAIvE.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 1, 1895.
. Carleton C. Crane: Some are skeptical ,aa.
to statement. Claim requires verification. Ar
ranged meeting of the boys on your arrival.
JOHN GILL. AND AMOS BURR.
.SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2. 1898.
Dr Simpson. JDecoto: Nothing but wine all
day Friends here don't believe If a a boy.
Payment of . wine dinner rests "^ o^- 1^
ply .;. , ' CARL.ETON C. CRANE.
DECOTO. Aug. 2. 189 S. ••
Carleton C. Crane: Doctor fooled you- \ IV»
a girl. I don't Ilk. your behavior, gg*g
six . -
EXHIBITS
IN THE CASE.
DECOTO, Aug. 3, IS9S.
Messrs. Gill & Burr: Always and forever a
boy Wife suspicious. j Did not like my city
associates. Solicitous for my welfare. You
must refund. - C.ARLE.TON C. CRANE:
• AN FRANCISCO, Aug. 4, IS3S.
Carleton C. Crane: Violently opposed to all
refunding measures. TH, i. tag. you
• GILL & BljxlK.
Pr. P. J- Cotlar and wife, of Tuma,
Ariz., are at th.c Occidental.
A P Johnson and wife, Misses E. X.,
C. E. and M. M. Johnson of Riverside are
at the Occidental.
Dr A- E. Osborni superintendent of the
Home for Feeble-Minded. Children at
Eldridpe, is at the Grand.
Charles C. Mclver and' wife have re
turned from the Mission San Jose, and
are residing at the Palace.
H. J. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific Company, is down from
Sacramento for a few days.
Everett V. Meeks and Mrs, S. A. Meekß
of New Haven have just returned to the
Palace from a two weeks' trip to Del
Monte.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOEK.
NEW YORK. Auk. s.— Georere C. Borne
man of San Francisco is at fhe Manhat
tan. Fred Belasce, manager of the Alca
zar, is in the city after new attractions.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON 1
WASHINGTON; Aug. H.—Dr. H. C T.n
gan of San Fraririsro is at the Raleigh.
H. L. Pace and wife of San Francisco
are at the St. James.
FOB, SUMMER HEADERS.
'■M >thf>r," sighed the youqg wife, "I re
g-.ird Tom as the most inconsistent man
that ever lived."
! "You put it very strongly, my dear.". ; .".
■ ''But. I mean It. 'He'toid me ti>.- othef^
day to be more observant, to keep ported
as to what we would need, and to do my
buying when things were, cheapest. I
went right down and laid in a. bier supply
of Christmas presents and he has scarce
ly spoken to me since."— lndianapolis
Journal. ■ -' : . ,»»".
"Dear George— We **• g<~>ing to send
you pome canned stuff. What would you
prefer?"
"Dear Susie— Put. whatever you please
in half the cans. Fill the other half with
whisky for antidote."— Cleveland Leader.
"Can you tell anything by looking at
my hand?"
"Yes; I should infer— looking closely at
your hand — that a. heavy war tax had
been levied on soap."— Chicago Record.
"Women in business," he said thought
fully, "adds much to the confusion of
things."
"Whafs the matter now," she de
manded.
'•Why, here's this ne^y l . woman editor
out with an announcement that she will
appear in a new dress next week, and
for the life of me I can't make out
whether she's .got some new type or a
new summer gown." — Chicago Post.
Catcher— Whad moks you use de term
"unfair ball," Mistah Empiah?
Umpire — 'Kase I'.se noti.eeddat de word
foul am kalkerlated tuh destrack de
playah's 'tenshun.— Judge.
Delinquent— l'm sorry, but you know
you can't get blood, out of a turnip."
Collector— Well, unless you are pre
paivd to pay this bill when I call around
to-morrow PD show" you- that I can draw
some out of a beat! — Chicago News.
He (wondering it that Williams has
ever been accepted)— Are both your rings
heirlooms?
She (.concealing the hand>— Oh. dear,
res! One has been in the family since the
time of Alfred, but. the oth.r Is newer and
(Mushing) only dates from the conquest.
—Harlem Life. •_ •
Colorado's School Superintendent.
Grace Espy Pattern, Superintendent of
Public Instruction of Colorado, was born
in Bartstown, l"a: Her parents were the
dependents of men who were foremost
in the history of Colorado. Miss Patten
after her graduation: from the High
School entered the State Agricultural Col
leee and distinguished herself in her col
lege career, and at the completion, of her
college course she was calleu to the chair
of English sociology. She taught, for a
number of years, and" wrote for the lead
ing newspapers, and magazines. When the
suffrage movement . began. Miss Patton
took an active part. Her ■ ritings were
clever, and during the campaign of t.v9fi
>.«»• oratorical powers were of good ser
vice in the cause. Miss Patton took the,
office of Superintendent of Public In
struction in January.. 1897. • ...
American Meat for Germany.
The Prussian .frontier official* have
been ordered to prevent the Inr»-orl
of American, pork which lacks the Ameri
can inspectors -certificates. This- action
is owing to the instructions of the Gov
ernment at Washinston to omit certifi
cates when the meat is intended for Ger
many- The American Embassy lias ma.ia
an investigation. • .
Peanut taffy; best in world. Te*naend's. •
Cream Mixed Candies 25c th. Trwhs.nd'9. •
Cala. Glace Fruits 50c Tb; fin etch boxes.
Townsend's, 627 Market, rah.cc Hotel. •
Special information suppl ed daily to
business houses arid public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone yaln 1042. •
"What makes Georce t; Ik so loud in
his room?"
"He's praying for rain." .
"Doing what?" ■ :
"Praying for rain. He does so hate to
sprinkle the grass."— Ceveland Plain
Dealer. • .
Camp life is more pleasait with a bottle of
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Biders. Prevent* 111
.effects of bad water. dyseEtery, etc.TROOPS DESTINED FOR
HONOLULU SAIL TO-DAY
OFFICIAL, designation of the
troops to comprise the fifth expe
dition to Manila was made yes
terday by Major General Mer
riam. The brigade to sail on the
Arizona and Scandia will consist of the
Beventh California Regiment, one bat
talion of the Eighteenth United States
Infantry, one battalion of the Twenty
third United States Infantry and nine
hundred recruits destined for the vol
unteer regiments now on duty at Ma
nila.
The steamer Charles Nelson, carrying
five companies of the First New York
Volunteers, and the steamer Liakme,
with a battaJion of the Second United
'States Volunteer Engineers, will sail
from this port to-day for Honolulu.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Regiment Equipped for Active
' • Service Would Welcome Or
.;■••.• ders to Go to the Front.
/: CAMP BARRETT, Bather Tract, Aug.
' 6.— there i? anything in the general ru
mors passing from mouth to mouth tc
. day there will be something moving with
in the next two weeks, in which the
' "Eighth Regiment will be the principal
•factor. These rumors are to the effect
that in all probability the Eighth will
.be ordered to Manila presently. After to
,' morrow's rations there will be but one
" more- issued for ten .days, according to
. tl\K statement of a clerk in the commls
. F::ry department, and this the men be
lieve means one of two things — either the
•Eighth is going to Manila or somewhere
■ else.
' Colonel Henshaw. when asked regarding
rhe matter, stated that he had received
•no definite .orders, intimating-, however,
that he had heard reports that sounded
like forerunners of something more defln
■ The men. nevertheless, feel confident
'that there is something on the tapis. By
• next- Tuesday the entire regiment will be
■ fulfv equipped with canvas uniforms; to
• dav"'»X> pairs of shoos were issued; regi
mental drills are being held almost daily;
ani- these affairs were in reality not ex
"'nerml t-efore another month. These and
' many other little signs, the boys insist,
•-■• bear" strongly upon a proposed more, ..
• There is no doubt at all but that the
■ EiKhth Is more fully equipped than was
■£> of the other regiments in like time.
lieutenant Colonel Carrington is related
; to President MeKinley and is supposed to
have exerted influence. in behalf of their
rWiment. Besides, as was stated in The
Call a few days ago. Congressman Hil
• born has been urged to use his best en
aea^ors by friends of Colonel Henshaw.
'Ariel then who would suppose that Cap
■tain Barnes would ever leave his many
duties as District Attorney to join the
array and stay at home? So the boys ar- ,
S^SSa^ E was
Officer of the day to-day; Lieutenant \\.
H. Cobbledick. Company F. officer of the
: guard ; Lieutenant Y. Foote Company A.
: supernumerary of the guard.
-: The regimental drill this morning was
: witnessed by hundreds of spectators and
: Tomorrow afternoon, if Colonel Henshaw
is- in th.' proper mood, there will be a
rWmental P parade: In the morn the
. regular weekly regimental inspection will
Ta rrivVae Ce John Maxwell of Company G.
who has been under treatment at the
■County Hospital for blood poisoning, has
;-w»covered, and reported on for duty to-
L-^sText Sunday at Elmhurst Park a nine
• : -C-f- the regiment will cross bats with the
: 'Grand Rule Bazaars.
■•■'■ Th* condition of Frank Bush, who was
; removed to Fablola Hospital yesterday
fßufferingf ßuffering from typhoid' pneumonia. Is un
■ changed.
ON THE RESERVATION.
The Twentieth Kansas Regi
ment Moves From Camp
Merritt to the Presidio.
•■,-•■ Color.fl Funston of the Twentieth Kan
■ .Ba-s yesterday marched ov.-r with his r-?gi
.•■ rnent from Camp Merritt to the Presidio.
.The Kansas m< n went into camp juh; b«=
twf-'.n the camps of tho First New York
• .end Alger Battery. Colonel Funston, field
: -and staff, have their quarters just to the
. : ' south of the car line. The Ffrst Tennes
see Regiment will move to the Presidio
from Camp Merritt Monday.
Th.-rr- were two deaths at the Presidio
yesterday. The first waa thai fPi
Frederick Erickson, Company 1,, Third
■ Battalion oil Engineers, fte died at the
Post Hospital at 6:15 o'clock In thf- morn
ing. The cause of his death waa not
' stated.
Private George StlUwngon, a discharged
■ soldier. Company X First South I
'["'died at the Division Hospital at 2:30
LGRENA M. BARBIER
HAS WON A POINT
APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR IN
THE EMERIC ESTATE.
She Will Soon Take Steps to Gain
Control of All the Valuable
Property— Bond Fixed
at $20,000.
: Miss Lorena Myrtle Barbler has won her
point and Is now the legally appoint. d
■racial administratrix of the estate of Eu
■•■rer.ie EmeriC, h<-r deceased sifter. The op
•.' position of Harry Emeric, husband of the
•^•eaed^nt. and his counsel, availed nothing
and now. In all probability, he wjll be
;. -forced to turn ovrr the control of the
ivQperttes belonging to the estate situated
vlbv lb Contra Costa County.
. Emeric and his attorney were instru
mental in originally securing the appoint
ment of Public Administrator Freese as
special administrator of the estate, but
£ WKtoi Fr-nr.se endeavored to get control of
: the entire estate they demurred, and
rather than bring suit against those who
i. mI assisted him he resigned.
. The appointment of a new administrator
: then became necessary and yesterday
. -Judge Hunt heard the application of Miss
. fcarbier. When Judge Troutt filed his
■ ■•uinion appointing freese he hem tnai
••wing to the contest between Emeric ana
Miss- Barbier he was Justified in appoint
ing. an unbiased administrator. In conse
■ qu v .nc<- it waa expected that the applica
tion of l&ias Barbler would be denied, but
cdntrary to these views Judge Hunt
; grant- .1 the application.
This la a i;i l victory for Miss Barbler
: and undoubtedly meets with but little ap
preciation on the part of her opponents.
Mfss Barbier win file her bond of $20,000
■ within tin' nexi few days and will then
'I' take steps to assume control of the entire
estate, which is a very lar^e one.
Alice Bix Writes About the
Princess Who Wanted to Be Queen
In Next Sunday's Call.
Federal Indictments.
The T'nitod Estates Grand Jury yesterday
brought in Indictments against F. M. Barr
. and Juan Gomez. Barr Is accused of us
ing the malls to bunko A. Lee IVrley and
• AlbPrt R. Hamilton of i jOS Angeles by
.:•. -wrftiriK to thim that Irving M. Scott and
: Kmlle Kahn would put money into a wave
IV -motor invented by Perley and Hamilton.
GomeZ is accused of assaulting A Ander
.; eon on the high aeas with a knife
.•;•.-• No one will use a fountain pen after
v j£rjr*n«r a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
NEXT MANILA EXPEDITION.
Seventh California Regiment, Two Battalions of
Regulars and Nine Hundred Recruits
Will Comprise the Brigade.
The detail of the next expedition for the Philippines Is now officially
stated in a letter received yesterday by Brigadier General Miller from Ma
jor General Verriam, commander of the Department of California. The
letter does not treat of expeditionary matters directly, but in its text
makes allusion corroborative of the matter that has already appeared in
the columns of The Call.
Following is a copy, verbatim, of the communication received by Gen
eral Miller from the department commander:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OP CALIFORNIA.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Aug 4. 1898.
Commanding general. Camp Merrltt. Cal.— Sir: The department commander desires
that those troops who are to go on steamships Bcandia and Arizona, viz.: Seventh
California, battalions of Eighteenth and Twenty-third regulars and recruit detach
ments, who are supplied with tin plates Instead of meat cans, submit requisitions at
once for number of meat cans they lack for complete equipment, as the ordnance of
ficer Benicia arsenal. Is now prepared to furnish same. Very respectfully,
JOHN B. BENNETT, A. A. A. O.
These Instructions from General Merriam have caused General Miller
to radically change his plans regarding the moving of the remaining
battalion of the Eighteenth Infantry to the Presidio. On Thursday the
general had decided to move either the Eighteenth or Twenty-third to
the Presidio on Monday. He has since resolved that he will order the re
moval of none of the troops that are now assigned to the next expedition.
This will leave at Camp Merrltt the Seventh California, the two battal
ions of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third and the recruits for the Second
Oregon, First Nebraska. First Colorado and Tenth Pennsylvania regi
ments, now at the front. As was stated yesterday, General Miller will
also maintain his headquarters at Camp Merritt until the next sailing day.
In an interview yesterday Brigadier General King said that he had
fully decided to sail with the transport Arizona, which he expects will
be read* by the end of next week. General King also announced that it
is his present plan to sail just as soon as his boat is made ready, regard
less of whether the Scandia be made ready by that time or not. The Scan
dia will probably not be in Bailing shape for three or four days after the
Arizona saijs.
There is every evidence at Camp Merrltt that all expeditionary mat
ters are being hurried as much as is compatible with military thorough
ness. The tri-monthly reports of the troops scheduled to leave have been
hurried, and reports have been asked for detailing the equipment still
needed by the different detachments and daily the favored ones of other
commands are being assigned for "quarters and rations" or "temporary
duty" to either the Eighteenth or the Twenty-third. It Is evident that the
demise of Camp Merritt is not far distant.
o'clock in the afternoon of septlcemia, fol
lowing vaccination.
The remains of Private Oscar L. How
land, Company Q, Twenty-third Infantry.
who died on Thursday at the Division
Hospital, were interred In the National
Cemetery yesterday morning.
I •.- ■ rs have been issued by the War De
partment assigning Post Quartermaster
Sergeant Thomas Patton. U. S. A., for
merly regimental quartermaster of the
Fourth United States Cavalry, to be quar
termaster at Honolulu, Hawaii. Sergeant
Patton sails on the Charles Nelson.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Outcome of the Hatchet As
sault on a Soldier of the
Tennessje Regiment.
Quartermaster Sergeant Wortham, Com
pany G, First Tennessee, who recently
assaulted Private Neal of the same com
pany with a hatchet, has been sentenced
by the Second Brigade court martial to
pay a fine of $10 and to serve twenty days
at hard labor. He must also sacrifice his
FIKST MAIL ABOARD THE
FLAGSHIP.
JACK EOAK, who was formerly
a mall clerk of the Call office
and is now a corporal In the
First California Volunteers at
Manila, writes to his mother under
date Cavite, Manila Bay, July 1.1598.
He does not speak of hardships dur
ing the voyage, but on the contrary
Bays the trip was fine. It was his
pleasure to deliver to Admiral
Dewey the first file of papers from
the fleet of transports. He writes:
"Tell Tom Carter and Molly that I
sent their file of papers aboard the
Olympia at 4 p. m. to Dewey just
hs soon as we dropped anchor. It
was the first mail that was sent
aboard the flagship."
CAPTURE OF GUAM.
Splendid Gunnery Displayed by the
Jacks on the Charleston— ln
Preparation.
The following interesting account of
the rapture of the island of Guam is
taken from a letter received by Cashier
E. A. O'Connor of the San Francisco
fflce, from his nephew. R. J- O'Con
nor, of Company G, First Regiment. Cali
fornia Volunteers, on board the City of
Peking:
The Charleston had target practice nearly
after that, and we had a good op
portunitj of noting the remarkable accuracy
of htrr She would fall about 300 yards
to our rear, and from a half-mile to two miles
on one Bide ol uf, and then we would drop a
barrel and proceed on our course. She would
come ahead ;it full need, flrlnK after we were
out of th«- way, and continuing to do bo until
the l,arr:-l wag hit and destroyed.
At 3 a. m. the northern end of the Inland waa
sighted, and live h.,urs later we were lying off
our harbor Port Luis <1<- Apra. The Charles
ton went In and bombarded the Hpanish fortress
(Santa Cruz) from a distance of one mile. A
heavy ruin was falling at the time and all we
could sen was thp- imoke. • • • Twelve shots
were fired and • r.»5.:.-f*ble damage done to
the old walln. • • • \\> hoisted the Japan
ese flag when we started, but this was hauled
dowp Irn.'ii-dlately and our own hoisted In Its
stead. • • •
At 2:37 p. m. a force of bluejackets from the
Charleston landed on the fortress and hoisted
the American flag amid the wildest enthusi
asm. A salute of twenty-one guns was fired
and the band played patriotic airs. A few of
our officers went ashore at the town (Spumaye)
and brought hack wonderful tales of the agri
cultural wealth of the Islanders. They were
very warmly received by the 300 natives— a
very simple class of people, resembling Japs
very much— who hailed them as their liberators
and went Into ecstacles when informed that the
Governor would not be allowed to return. They
talk less Spanish than English. having picked
up the latter from the American whalers who
frequented here some years ago.
We heard terrible tales of the brutality of the
Governor who has charge of the prison at
Agana, Guam being used a* a penal station
for the Philippines. They say he executed over
a hundred rebels some months ago.
The houses of the town are built of Iron
wood, thatched over with tropical leaves, and
are on stilts about three feet high.
This Week's Wasp.
There are three rartoons In the present num
ber, all exceptionally strong-, severally repre
senting Spain's present attitude, Candidate
Mugiilre's progress along his Road of Theory
and Mayor I'helan's fresh opportunity to Im
prove local conditions. A start artist's random
sketches of current events constitute .«oin»>
clever pen-and-ink work. There Is a half-tone
reproduction of a flaehllght photograph of the
meeting of the prominent business associations
held last Friday at the .Sun Francisco Chamber
of Commerce and an excellent picture of the
Great Council of the Improved Order of lied
Men ac well as other fine Illustrations. Strong
editorial comment on political affairs by the
Autocrat breezy paragraphs anent probable
candidates by the Rounder and Social side
lights ijy Paul Pry make Interesting rending,
while the muelcal. dramatic and financial de
partments are handled in able style.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
stripes and descend to the ranks. A
month ago Wortham, who acted as com
pany quartermaster, got into an alterca
tion with Private Neal over an issue >>f
sugar. The He was passed between the
two men and in the heat of the argument
Wortham seized a hatchet and made a
murderous assault upon Neal. He was
arrested upon a charge of assault with In
tent to commit murder. It is considered
at camp that he gets off with a light
penalty.
An order was issued yesterday by Gen
eral Miller directing Captain J. B. Jef
fries, division quartermaster, to take upon
himself besides his present duties those of
quartermaster of the Second Brigade un
der General King. Captain Jeffries will
begin upon his fresh duties to-day.
The Twentieth Kansas Volunteers mov
ed away from Camp Merrltt yesterday
and it was expected that the Tennesseeans
would follow to-day, but late yesterday
afternoon Colonel Smith reported that his
regiment would not be ready to move un
til Monday morning. Generai Miller
granted the colonel's request for a post
ponement.
AT THE SANTIAGO FRONT
Some Little Feeling Is Noted
Between the Regulars and
Volunteers.
In reading between the lines one per
ceives that there is some feeling between
the regulars and volunteers at the Santi
ago front. The over praise given to the
Seventy-first New York Regiment Uy the
weekly illustrated journals and daily
papers of New York City no doubt caused
the premature publication of General
Kent's official report, wherein it is said
that the advance battalion of the=£eventy
first recoiled under the fire of the enemy,
and that it required the effort of regular
staff officers to restore the alignment.
No doubt the Seventy-first New York
rendered gallant service in the battle, but
the works were not carried by the brav
ery of that command alone, as the pic
torial papers published in New York
would indicate.
Colonel Roosevelt's remarkable letter
wherein he praises the efficiency of his
own regiment rh compared with the effi
ciency of tho National Guard regiments
may be accepted as an indication that
army Jealousies exist at the front. Roose
velt' is a young soldier and has a great
deal to learn. The Inside reports mdi
FORESTER SOLDIERS.
What the Relief Committee Has
Done for Them During the Past
Week.
At the meeting of the relief committee
of the Foresters and Companions of Amer
ica, organised for the assistance of For
est* r.s who have joined the army and navy
of the United States, held last evening.
President M r s. McLuth was in the chair.
From reports presented it appcarvd that
during the w-^ek the executive committee
visited Camp Uarrett. across the bay. and
in six companies round sixteen Foresters.
Pteps will be taken to provide the*? with
ttlia*. they may need in camp, nnl If they
have to go to the front they will bt pro
with such articles as experience lv-B
shown are needful on the voyage. It was
also shown that a number of Foresters in
the New York regiment received the at
tention of the committee during the past
week They expressed themselves as veiy
thankful for the attention shown, th<;>m
and declared that at this time all that
they need is reading matter.
During the coming week the relief com
mittee will open a tent at the Presidio
where Forester soldiers will find some :>ne
of the committee in attendance to give
such help as 'may be needed. The prelim
inary steps have been taken to give an en
tertainment in aid of the relief fund ;o
enable the committee to enlarge its sphere
of usefulness. •
Orange Blossom Circle of Oroville sent
in a contribution of $10 45 and a letter *x
presslng the hope that the committee ivill
prosper in its good work.
Admiral Miller Writes
About Prize Money in the Navy
In Next Sunday's Call.
JAMES ATHERTON INJURED.
Sustains a Fractured Rib in a Cable
Car Accident.
James Atherton, a man well along in the
seventies, was struck down by a Sutter
street car about half-past 3 yesterday af
ternoon on the corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets. Whether he was at
tempting to board the car or was cross
ing the street and reached for the car
to save himself when he discovered the
danger he was In is not known. He was
knocked down In front of the dummy and
was dragged a very short distance when
the car came to a full stop. A soldier
und another man came to his assistance
at once. Atherton was immediately car
ried to his room at the Russ House. Dr.
DotT, the physician of the Sutter-street
company. was called and attended the in
jured man. After a thorough examina
tion he discovered that Atherton was suf
fering from a fractured rib on his right
side. Atherton is a feeble man and the
shock of the accident may result seri
ously.
cate that his Rough Riders were brave,
but unskilled, and hence received a deal
of punishment without inflicting much
loss on the enemy. The bravery and
efficiency of the volunteer regiments of
the I'nited States have been tested and
established in many a fierce and prolonged
conflict, compared to which the fighting
at Santiago, measured by the losses re
ported, was but a brisk skirmish or pre
liminary engagement.
The regular troops at Santiago were no
doubt surprised and vexed when they re
ceived the Eastern papers which gave
the Seventy-first New York so much
credit for the achievements of the cam
paign; and so to even up the credit score,
army officers brought influence to bear to
secure an early publication of at least
one of the official reports. One, of the
New York dailies not long since pub
lished a story to the effect that a bat
talion of the Seventy-first refused to ad
vance further under the fire, but the
publication caused such a storm of in
dignation that the subject was dropped.
OFF TO HONOLULU TO-DAY
Embarkation of Five Compan
ies of New Yorkers and a
Battalion of Engineers.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning the Third
Battalion of the Second Regiment of
United States Engineers and Companies
I. X, L, M and C of the First New York
Volunteer Infantry, assigned to Honolulu,
marched out of the Presidio, headed by
the First Washington Regimental Band,
whose services were courteously tendered
by Captain Wholley.
Major Chase was in command and rode
at the head of the column. The two
bodies of men, the engineers being in ad
vance, presented a line appearance and
were given a rousing send off by those
who remained behind.
The troops marched along the usual
route — Lombard street. Van Ness avenue.
Golden Gate- avenue and Market street—
to the Steuart-street wharf. They re
ceived an ovation from the crowds all
along the line, especially on Market
street.
It was not until late in the afternoon
that the embarkation was completed and
the steamers Charles Nelson and Lakmo
pulled out into the stream. They will
start for Honolulu some time this morn
ing.
A WOUNDED SOLDIER.
Did Not Know That His Re
volver Was Loaded, and Is
Now in the Hospital.
The same old story "of-dld-not-know-it-
was-loaded" was the cause of Private
Nash, Company A, First New York Regl
mt-nt, receiving a painful wound yesterday
afternoon, from effects of which he Is now
suffering in the post hospital. Nash was
cleaning a revolver in his tent about 8:30
o'clock in the afternoon, according to his
statement, when in sonic way the weapon
was accidentally discharged. The ball
passed entirely through Nash's right wrlat
arid lodged in the fleshy part of his right
leg just above the knee. Major Davis sent
him at once to the post hospital and he
was taken In charge by Major Moseley.
Nash claims that he did not know the
revolver was loaded. While the wound is
a painful one it is not serious.
Army Christian Commission.
The Nelson and Lakme were yesterday
boarded by representatives of the Chris
tian Commission, who placed on each
transport a library of interesting books
and distributed other general reading
matter among the men. The Mothers'
Club of the Commission did lively work
in their mending and sewing for the boys
In getting them prepared for their long
journey. The Press Club will give an en
tertainment at the mothers' headquar
t> rs. Fifth avenue, this evening. A large
tent has been ordered for the headquar
ters, which will be erected at the Presidio
probably next Monday. In connection
with this tent there will be a smaller one,
to be used as a diet kitchen in preparing
delicacies for the men.
Patriotic Union Mass Meeting.
The patriotic union mass-meeting: under
the auspices of the Army and Navy
Christian Commission to-morrow after
noon at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and 1011 is
streets, will be especially Interesting.
Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D. t pastor of the
First Baptist Church, will* deliver the ad
dress, and there will be solos by Mrs.
Esva M. Tenney (soprano) and Arthur
Macurda (tenor) and a vioTln solo by Miss
Alice M. Woods. Services will be open
to the public and all are invited. The
meeting will begin promptly at 3 o'clock.
War Incidents.
Second Lieutenant H. L. "Walthal has
been relieved from duty as recruiting of
ficer for the Second Battalion of the Sixth
California Volunteers and will return to
his station.
Leave of absence for ten days has beon
granted Captain T. A. Rottanzi, assistant
Burgeon, Sixth California Volunteer In
fantry.
SOME IMPORTANT
REVENUE DECISIONS
WINE SELLEBS MUST STAMP
BOTTLES OF CUSTOMERS.
Traveling Shows Must Pay the An
nual Tax in Every State in
Which They Perform.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch was
Informed yesterday by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue at Washington of
several very important decisions made by
the department. They are as follow:
Clubs are required to pay the special tax for
retailing liquor but need not pay a tux on
billiard tables for their members. Church en
tertainments for the benefit of churches or for
charity where no hired prrformers take part,
anil amateur entertainments for the benellt of
churches nr for charity are not taxed. Free
Concert or variety shows where liquor is solil
must pay the tax of |I<K). Circuses or travel
lnß shows must pay the tax of JIOO In every
State in which they perform.
Attention is called to the fact that no ex
epption whatever Is made by the law Impoßlng
a tax on wines when l>ottled for sale because
of the ownership of the bottle or bottles con
taining the same, and no limit !s fixed as to
the number of bottles filled, offered for sale, or
sold, to which stamps must be affixed. The
fact that the customer brings the bottle with
him will not. therefore, relieve it from the ne
cessity of being properly stamped at the time
when filled.
All druggists, saloon keepers, growers or
Other dealers who do not usually handle case
goods, should understand that this ruling ap
plies to sales of wine by the bottle, whether
the dealer or customer provides the bottle.
I'nder schedule A of the act relating to
"mortgage or pledge," the memorandum of the
pledge of the certificates, to which reference
Is made as collateral security must be stamped,
if the debt secured exceeds $10M. The stamp
tax however, Is to be reckoned not on the face
value of the certificates of stock pledged, but
on the amount of the money loaned thereon.
A policy does not require a stamp until It 1s
issued or ofTered as an Insurance policy, and
the Insurance company can stamp a policy
through Its local agents as well as through its
general agent or head office. Any agent of the
company who is charged with the duty of de
livering the policy to the policy holder and
receiving the premium is authorized to affix
and cancel the stamp in behalf of the coin
' if the company insists that the Insured party
pay the value of the stamp. It Is not a mat
ter which the internal revenue laws can deal
with. It Is between the insurance company
and the policy holder.
A policy of insurance is not valid unless it
bears the proper canceled revenue stamp.
Section 31 of the act of June 13, 1898, pro
vides that "'all administrative, special or stamp
provisions of law. including the. laws in rela
tion to the assessment of taxes, not heretofore
specifically repealed, are hereby made appli
cable to this act."
Robert O. Ingersoll
Discusses the Results of the War
In Next Sunday's Call.
ANXIOUS TO
ATONE FOR
HER SINS
Sad Condition of Jen
nie Moyles.
ARRESTED FOR VAGRANCY
HER MOTHEB FAINTED WHEN
TOLD OF HER DOWNFALL.
Led Astray by a Companion for
Whom the Police Are Now
Searching.
Jennie Moylefl, a prepossessing young
woma.i of 17 years, was arrested at an
early hour yesterday morning by Police
Officer McMurray and booked for some
public Institution. She was found In a
disreputable lodging-house on Fourth
street, accompanied by two soldiers.
About two weeks ago the girl disap
peared from her home at 1816 Bush street,
and her parents feared that Bhe had been
foully dealt with. Her father, who is em
ployed by the Surveyor of Customs, lost
no time In notifying Chief Lees, who de
tailed Officer McMurray to make an in
vestigation.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing the erring girl was located and taken
to the City Prison. Several hours later
the arresting officer visited the home of
her parents and informed her mother that
her miß3lng offspring was locked up in
the City Prison. On hearing the news of
her daughter's downfall Airs. Moyles
fainted, and it was with considerable dif
ficulty that she was revived.
"Why did she deceive me?" she moaned
after recovering consciousness. "I would
rather see her dead than to know she
was an Inmate of the City Prison."
Touched by her sorrowful appeal, Mc-
Murray left the house, after promising to
do all in his power to restore the unfor
tunate girl to her parents. \esterday
forenoon her case was called in Judge
Mogan's court, but on account of the ab
sence of several Important witnesses it
was continued until to-day.
The fair prisoner was in a penitent
mood last night, and begged to be al
lowed to go home. She declared that she
was led astray by another girl, for whom
the police are now searching.
••I did not intend to leave mamma, she
tearfully remarked; "but this other girl,
whose name I do not know. Induced me
to go with her. We went to the Presidio
and as It was too late to return home I
foolishly consented to accompany her to
her room, where I was found.
It is likely that Judge Mogan will Issue
an order to-day restoring- the foolish girl
to her parents.
SUSPECTED OF THEFT.
An Old Man Found With Stolen
Property in His Possession.
Detectives Ryan and ODea of the
southern station last night detected an
old man in the act of selling some stolen
automatic gas burners to a second-hand
dealer on Mission street. Recognizing the
detectives the old man dropped the ptop
erty and ran along Mission street. He
< was followed by the detectives and cap
tured after :i short chase. He refused
to give his name and was locked up In the
tanks pending an investigation.
Ryan and ODea have recovered about
100 automatic burners whloh they claim
were stolen by the culprit from various
! unoccupied houses. _
Wanted for Embezzlement.
Russell R. Martin, 2134 Mission street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Van de Venter on a charge of
felony-embezzlement. Martin alleges that
ho gave Van de Venter a package con
taining $240 to put in the safe in the office
of Henry L. Van Wyck. stockbroker, 308
Pine street, where he was employed, and
when the money was asked for yesterday
Van de Venter confessed that, being hard
pressed for money, he had appropriated
the amount.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Latest Gossip
Local Stories ...
Sparks That Burn . . .
Crier That Roasts . . .
Bright Paragraphs . .
Brilliant Editorials . .
In To-Day's
lews Letter . . • . • •
"^^^ nnciUl Ib the new discovery
imCAUIA that gives you Bleep.
and no dreams. DREAM A
j^>^^ cures bad dreams, dys-
- . -7*">^^ -^V**S S^ pepßia, horrible
dreams.^* s >^^/a <^^< 1 reams, head-
nipht.lllu- he
slons, nigh tmare. jCm Jf**^.
Take at night. If not; S v3^f^^^>^
cured money refunded. 25c
a box. DREA MA CO. , Sold by
GBAKT'S BALDWIH PHABMAOY.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
:l~: l~ ._ Full Set of Teeth
VIWUJ" Ifl£>r extracting free $sooup
> *r*<*Aj^!j*Zß ir * Gold Crowns 22k .$350 up
&-* •?f£jfi!m*y& Fillings - - - 25ct.-i.up
«-^-»raE4P» <i Open Evenings &Sundays
2-=s=%^^^B VAN VROOM
te >^a/l\wi %J!* Electro Dental Parlor*
- 4 mml IP^V 'Sixth and Market
V : Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
"WOODBT'RT'S Facial Soap will eradicate all
Blemishes of the skin. WOODBURY'S Facial
Cream for chapped hands, face or lips is un-
enualed. "Woodbury's Facial Powder when
used Is invisible. Woodbury's Dental Cream
for the teeth. Each sold everywhere at 25c.
>ggi t .DEWE.Y,StRONG&CO.>S%.
E ."PATENT^ 3
: ASSSf 330 MARKET ST. SI.SS^ *
ADVERTISEMENTS. • / -
to=day Saturday
close at 6.
■■■■-•■ '■■■-' ! ' " ■*■-■,'
grand concert 2 to 5.
souvenir program
given to each lady.
Program of .16th grand afternoon concert, to be given by Boston ' ;
Elite Orchestra, Leo Bruck director. Schmer grand piano used.
PARTI. I PART 11.
1. March, "Hannah's Promenade".... Ellis | 7. Cornet solo "Answer;' Robyn
2. Mexican waltz. ■•Marquita"....Aronson! g> Medle y. »At the Theater"...;.... Clark
3. Overture, "The King of Yoetot ..Adam (Introducing: Willies off the yacht—
4 Gavotte, "Woman's Wit" Reed They All Love Love - Nellie - Tracy—
B. Grand medley of German Bongs %™? Colored
AUU "» And They All Joined In— Can't Find
6. Phantaise, "Die Lorelei" Nesvadba Another Love Like . Nell— The Girl
(Die Lorelei, an old German legend, is From Paris-Hush To' Business. ,
founded on a tale of the Bhlne^Th.) * V . .SSSSS
Lorelei is supposed to be a mermaid n Selection, "Beggar Student" ,
which haunts one of the cliffs of the , Mlllocken
Rhine, and has allured many a fish- 12. March. "Sampson" Ijeland
erman to destruction.) "AMERICA."
to-day is mother's day it's concert day— preparing for .<
Sunday — it's the day most women buy those little
fancy touches which complete their Sunday toilette.
school suitings 12Kc yard. - ■ " H. B." $1 glove.
We offer our 87-Inch worsted suiting* (re New arrival in 2 clasp, overseara, with
m ,„,<.-„ .„_,»■ in .moll designs latest embroidery In tan. mode, brown, red.
duced from 250 jard). In small designs, fc g] silver gray, white, pearl
eight mixtures In three, four and five and black; fltt); . d to your hand and -fitted
color combinations, material specially thoroughly; that's everything!
'adapted for misses' school suits. " . : .
school hose 19c pair.
useful school articles. Our big hosiery department offers ehll-
. . _j .-v»iQ.»in nntflt dren's school hose in tan and brown cot-
In our huge bazaar and scholastlo outfit- ton flne Ma^ y&rn> h , gh 8 Uced heelB>
ting department we show slates, note dou bi e knees and toes, sizes 6 to 9. worth
books, exercise books, composition . books, ; i n the regular way. 25c.
satchels and school bags, straps, slate and I
lead pencils, pencil and lunch boxes, baa- new VaSSSP Sailors.
ket.. rulers. Inks, erasers. sponges. To^ y gale g cf .^^
Vassar Sailor," split straw, high crown.
knockabout cheviots 19c yard. &™ ce n r £ . a . 8k...8 k .... 8 .!'?50C
We reduce our 35c and 40c fancy Wool
Cheviots in three color combinations In final touches.
check and fancy fixture* 3 ? '^V' tSS Veilings, garters, ribbons, embroidery,
(as displayed in our window), these strong corsets 6 , ac s> Bkirt binding, millinery.
Cheviots cut to 19c a yard, worthy of your hos) j> ry> trimmings, scarfs, bows, fancy
notice; linings and trimmings for same neckwear. Want any of these? Wo have
Just as reasonable. ' them; something new all the time.
037=030=041-043=045=047 Market Street.
Halo's ads must be read, for see how Halo's spread!
AMUSEMENTS.
SOROSCO 7S7 S GRANDE
Waltsr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
••OUR CALIFORNIA BOT,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In an Elaborate Production of the Great New
York Success by Sidney R. Ellis,
BONNIE SCOTLAND
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Magnificent Scenery. Elaborate Effects.
Picturesque Costumes of the Clans.
AT VMDII MASON STREET, COR. EDDY.
IlTlrlA Only Free Theater . Offering Bill of
Recognized Star Artists— Demarlo & Orlando,
Parisian Wonders: Bell & Dalton. Dutch
Knockabouts; Chas. and Mac Stanley. Dancing
Duo: Rockwell: La Mon: Royce Sisters: others.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, AUGUST 0.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, • 10c; Chil-
dren 10c. any part. '■:,£
James Thornton, Champion Songster: Joseph
Hart and Carrie De Mar. New Songs and
Specialties: Valbon-Anthelmlne, International
Duetlsts: Maearte Sisters. Equipoise Artists;
Angela Sisters', Musical Artists: W. H. "Wln-
dom and Blackstone auartei: Wilton & Stack.
Triple Bar Wonders: Valmore, "The Instru-
mental Man": Gilbert & Goldie, New Sketch.
Matinees— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
This Afternoon at 2 p. m.— SPECIAL MATI- I
NEE— Also Sunday Evening, Last Time Doni- !
lettl's Favorite Opera,
LUCIA DI L/*;vi/v\Ere/v\ooß
THIS EVENING— TIME Verdi's Mas-
terpiece,
..." AIDfl." . . .
Great Costs. Enlarged Chorus. A\i«rmented
Orchestra. REPERTOIRE NEXT WEEK!
Monday, Thursday. Sunday evenings, also
special Saturday matinee, "FAUST." Tues- 
day Wednesday, Friday and Saturday even-
Ings'. "IL TROVATORE."
Popular Prices. 25c and 50c. N. B.— Reserved
Seats for Matinee, 25c. Telephone Push 9. _
COLUMBIA THEATER. .
LAST 2 NIGHTS- MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY !
In John Drew's and Maud Adams" Success.
THE MASKED BALL.
An Exhilarating Comedy.
By the Authors of "Mr. Wilkinson's Widows."
NEXT MONDAY, "HIS ABSENT BOY."
IT'S A CUP OF JOY. j
AT n A 7A D SEATS BY PHONE [
ALCAZAR. Main 254. j
MATINEE MR. LEWIS
tS°n?g^Tt MORRISON
SUNDAY AS
NIGHT. "RICHELIEU."!
NEXT WEEK— "CAMILLE." j
UNION COURSING park.;
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, AUGUST 6-7.
CHAMPION AND MAIDEN STAKES. _?. ;.
81 CRACKERJACKS.
BIG MONEY!— SB67 59 IN PRIZES!
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, Satur- ;
day 1 p m., Sunday. 11 a. m., 12 m.. 1 and 2 j
l) m Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets, five j
minutes later. Returning— Park imme- !
diately alter last course. Extra train from I
Park Sunday 4:43 p. m. San Mateo electric
cars every ten minutes direct.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, AT 2:30 P. M. l ''.
JUVENILE SWIMMING RACES!:
23 Yards 50 Yards, 76 Yards and 100 Yards.
to iaru , TRApEZE DIV ING
By the •
CALIFORNIA ATHLETIC AND SWIMMING i
CLUB" PIEDMONT SWIMMING CLUB AND !
NORTH STAB SWIMMING CLUB.
i>u " i VALUABLE PRIZES
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc. j
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS.
GIBSON AND ALLEN, and a GREAT VAU- !
DEVILLE BILL in the FREE . THEATER!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; . children, ie;
Sunday Afternoon and Evening, .
- CANNON in the LION'S DENt
special: NO extra charge! „
AMUSEMENT!^
.... . . -
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
TlfftfT FAHt t§ EXHIBIT.
uuflrrAnj to attend
-SECRETAAYr Pr.ES.
BASEBALL— RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
STOCKTON VS. OAKLAND.
ADMISSION 25c - .-.
ao6dddodod o o o o o o o a
S w PALACE *»%
°GRAND MOTBLS %
*Z BAH FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered pass»c«way. *J
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. "
O All Under One ■ Management.. . . O
A NOTE THE PRIOZ3: * Q
X European Flan. 51.00 per day and npirazd 12
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward W
Q ■ Correspondence Solicited. - ' Q
0 JOHN C. KISSPATaiCK. Kuagwr. o
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
ft/1 AD E ME A MAN
<S%* AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
By .-4 A. I.l, Nervous IHnecmra— Failing Mem*
tea 261 OI7 « Impotancy, Sleeplessness, etc, caused
§AJAX TABLETS POSITTVELY CURB
ALL Nm-oua 1 >i*ea*rf> — Failing Mem-
err, Impotanc?, Sleep lessnasg, etc, canted
by Abuae or other Excesses and India*
A •jf-^tSk' cretlona. 27i<v quirUly and turelfg
\ "~7 restore Lost Vitality in old or yonng. and
><S-^s%. lit a man for study, basiness or marriage,
■TS^f=^3» Prevent Ineanlty and Consumption ■if
taken in time. Their a.«e shows immediatw improve- -
incut and effects a CUKE where all other fall In-
sist npon having tha ecanine Ajaz Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will cure yon. Wo civs a pos-
itive written B^.irante;) to offset a euro CA I*TQ la
each case or refund the money. Price wW V I Viper
package; or six pkces (fail treatment) for $2XO. By
mail. In plain wropper. npon receipt of price. Circular
£ "° AJAX REMEDY CO.,
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlt* A Co«
tZ* Butter. No-Percentas* Pharmacy. Ml Mkt
fefjA ; d>lehe4tcr*s F.ngUah Ulaaond Brand.
fENHYRtiVAfPILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V —^»~"V Orl^tr.nl and Only Genuine. A^
•*". »Iw»ti reiiabl*. laoies ask iffx
£/)\ V*^X D">ggi«» ter'ChickeMter'i English Dia-JBCik.
fcrf*^>\«ssvmoT!,i Brand In Kod nod Ml m>talllc\Uy
T-v -—^CVJif/tior.M. B<a!ud with blue ribbon. ; Take V^r
T7l 9^ wNJno other. Refutt dangtrouM •übititu- V
1~l — /If' 1 "' and imitation*. >t Droggiiti, or»«d 4*.
I (c» Jf in tltop) ' r particular!, testimonial! %mt
\V* £9 " K«Ucf fop Ladles," in liter, kr return
■A FT Mall. l(».00O TcstimooUl*. Jfmu, rapt.
„ > — ~rClilo>icj«t«rCßcr3lcalCo.,MiMU»on»Q»«»%
bid by all Loral Druggists. TWIT, * I»A-. i'A-
MAKE PERFECT MEN
I»O SOT DE9PAIB ! I)onot3uf- y
ifW^A*^. ItT Lonrcr! The Joys and ambitions of
jS2S^*^Bt\ life can be restored to you. The very
frrf Wa worstcasesof Xerv«n« lieWlltyare
SI>O SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
fer [...us" '■' ■ Tlii" Joys and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The very
worstenses of \prvou« Dohllil y are
absolutely cured by PCKFECTO
«i J> fcf-k. TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
VS3J "•nßJa so "" I *> tailing memory and the waste
MstevTßaSlr and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
'i actjS* Indiscretions or excesses of early year*.
Impart viftor and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the Hygtem. (Jive jßk bloom to the
cheeks Mid lustre to the eyes of young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. t»lli6 boxes at
$3.50 n. complete «u.irftnte»-d cure Xm^afor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest , ■■' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of,
price by THE PERFECTO CO., Caiton Bids;., Ckleago, 11U
Sold 'by. Owl Drug Co., San Fran, and Oakland.
■" ■ .. .. .. ■■■■■_ . - r ■.-■-• .-■■..--- 1_ J^___-
j ; , . ' i —^. .
tr\*tfS3ZZStoJ?*rt.Bl B.lff Ala a non-polionoa« •
*^j9D^P*^VK^| remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JXUS^cCRKo^Vm <»leet. Spermatorrhoea,
/aS^yin i tosd»yi.\B Whites, unnatural di»-
£H£ff Cnrr.atil «■ charges, or any inflamma-
fSg cot to stricture. tion, irritation' or ulcera- .
!■ Prsrenu contagion. tion of mitcoud mem-
THf EVANS Chemiß'l CIA Cranes. .Non-astringent.
CiNOiNNATI.O BESS «*>««« by Oraff»l»U.
«^j«fW rr <? a '7?iJ or s " nt in plain wrapper,
JS&SSsJ ° ' '^W by. express, prepaid, for
V^HB^ 4I4 I i 1i 1 - 00 * or 3 bottles,. |2.75. .
'•^asnpß^V' ■■■ R Circular sent ou r#o.QMt> "'
78
GILT EDGES
ARE
DISSEMBLING.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The famous and hitherto .mighty Gilt
Edge 'collection, reinforced by the acqui
sition of Hutchinson, is, to use a baseball
vernacular, "not so many." The Ath
letics, and Sand Crabs figure that way,
and while I still, respect their capacity
and ability I also" recognize the fact that
there is abundant room for conjecture as
regards the closeness of the pennant race.
• .The late- performances of this team at
Recreation -Park, .in which it met with
'unquestionable defeat, ' has, if nothing
else, demonstrated one fact, and that is
that this club,, which was supposed to
have a decided walkover in the champion
ship race, will have to play ball and play
it for all it is worth to make good the
many boasts and . high reputation.
I still entertain the belief that they
will eventually win the flag, but this be
li. lias taken on a much milder form for
the ' reason that there are three clubs
playing as good ball and. which loom up
in" a great many respects as the equal of
fliis "Nicked Edge" aggregation.
To say I was disappointed in the play
of the leaders on their recent visit her
expresses my sentiments exquisitely. And
to say I was astonished at the child
ish "methods. they displayed during Sun
day's contest with the Athletics would,
I assure you. be expressing sensations
very mildly. Their play on this occasion
was miserable enough, but their, "baby
fled" tactics, a hitherto unknown quan
tity with these "old salts," did aggravate
the situation extremely. I could neve
have conceived them playing such a role,
but one defeat, quickly followed by the
possibility of another, intermingled with
the cruel* realization that there are other
good teams in the league race, might
have had its effect. It certainly did on
this occasion, and if my conjecture be
erroneous then what caused these" "old
stagers" to act like a lot of inefficient
amateurs? \.- .*,-.-. .
Their kicking in last Sunday's game
over nothing, for I* must here mention
that Stanley's throw,- which hit Payne,
was a piece of stupidity on the part of
Stanley,. should have thrown the ball
hitrner and not into the runner — is a char
acteristic which does not tend to embel
lish in any manner an already fascinating
exigency.
Payne's run, of course, placed victory
at a great distance, but this fact was no
reason for a team's dissembling. And it
was a few of the spectators who accused
them of dissembling, not I. for I cling to
the belief that this club does not relish
defeat., and, therefore, cannot stand it,
Two of the high-class greyhounds of this State, will run best two out of three courses
at the lngleside Coursing Park on Sunday afternoon for a large consideration.
• hence this. continued kicking over nothing. ]
, I did not think it possible for them or con
' 6istent with their make-up to convert into I
a farce a game replete with interest for :
' no other reason than the assurance of de
feat. It is, of course, aggravating- in the
■> • extreme to realize that other teams are
playing superb ball, but prudence should :
. nave -predominated when such a reality i
presented itself. The Nicked Edges (I for- '
. got to mention that some of the Gilt has ■
been taken off) must refrain from making
' a faree -out of an exciting, and Interesting
game of ball, and at the same instant do
- away with such "baby tactics" as they
; displayed on Sunday last. . They have no
. moni right to spoil a game without suffi- ;
cient cause than any other team, and if
■ • they adhere to such methods it will great
■ ]y interfere. with their gingerly play, and \
- will in time disturb those championship
aspirations. ■
On form I think they will win the pen- j
. rant, but they have a much harder road
to travel than was anticipated.
If they, however, rise too high In their
own estimation and continue to kick, spoil
•and prolong games when there is no oc- !
. casion for it, the chances are greatly
against them, as their play Sunday dem
onstrates. The San Joses, Athletics and j
Sand Crabs are playing ball these days,
ai\d will continue to do so if they do not j
..become inflated. with the idea that they
' are the "onliest ones." This exalted idea '
of one's self has wrecked more than one j
• team and while I do not wish to give the
Impression that there is a possibility of j
• such a move, still, if the leaders after a I
f.ew years' experience so far forget them- \
selves, a person might conceive of their
opponents doing likewise, which would,
by the way, be an inglorious move, for It '
• does not necessarily follow. Don't be '
' guilty of such unsophisticated tactics as |
• those Leaders displayed on last Sunday.
• Games cannot be won in that manner, and |
. then a bad impression of one's inability ]
to cheerfully take defeat naturally en- i
■ sues. .The Gilt Edges I thought Incapable i
'" o£ such foolishness and > as I previous';/
mentioned, if they continue to exist and !
entertain the ideas which prompted them
to mar last Sunday's contest, they will i
' wind up in about fourth place.
To-morrow at Mill Valley that crack
".a*mateur_team known as the Clevelands
: ■ will cross! ats with the club representing
• the above-mentioned neighborhood for i
the benefit of the Bed Cross Society.
" ' The game, no doubt, will be' an excel- ;
■lent one, and too much praise cannot be i
•heaped upon these boys for their patriotic i
1 endeavors. The Cleveland team, espe- I
illy, holds an enviable reputation among
' "-the minor organizations of this city, and!
.: -contains a number of - exceedingly clever
players.
Their, victories this season have been '
niHnorous and it is hoped their attempt i
-• Sunday in behalf of the Red Cross will,
meet with an overwhelming success. The'
• banner crowd of the season is expected to
attend, **>^ •».••*■ - • ,-■..-■:. ■-. •■'
To-morrow's contest will be between the
folio wing, teams: -, ;;.- . .v .»
Stockton. Position. ' Oakland.' !
Billing**.*; Catcher T.. Sullivan
Whalen ...Pitcher Mosklman
BPlnn. First base ...Ncalon.
Smith-.....-. Second base.... O'Nell I
• White.;.;... ........ Third, base, ................ Lang
Btarkey Shortstop Schmeer
Munenr..:.'..;..::..l>crt field .....Dean
• Rice Center field .." ...Donovan,
Husirige.r. .'.;..'....".. Right fie1d...... "..".V.;..Hardi0 i
MEN WHO WILL
PLAY HANDBALL
The 'games announced to be played to
morrow at Ryan's court are:" '
M. Mapulre and J. Dowling vs. M. McClure
and-E. -Curley. - - ■ : _lj'
J. Ktrl>y and- E. Barry vs. J."HOgan and
T. I*T.'uh and J. Gonaon vs. P.. Housman and
M. JiiiJ'C 1 . ■• ■ ■ ■ • '■-•-.■■ -~
D '- Rodßers and P. ; Ryan vs. O. McDonald
an<i".}l.~ McNeil.-- '•- -.
. L. Waterman and E._McDonough vs. D. J.
Bhechan and J. R. Bookman.
J. RJorAfl and M. J.'Kilfjallon vb. J. Collins
and J. White. -.-.--■.
J. C. Nealon and R. -I/ineban vs. T. P. Bon
net and A. Hampton.- '^-^
■ " ■ ♦ ■
THK CRYSTAL SWIMMINO BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
.•water tub and swimming bath?, North Beach.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
COMING EVENTS
OF THE
LOCAL WHEELMEN
The regular monthly meeting of the
i California Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held this evening at the rooms of the
i Reliance Club Wheelmen, Oakland. Most
; of the delegates will go over on the 7:30
narrow-gauge boat. Several important
! amendments to the by-laws will be con
sidered and plans matured for the asso
ciation's big annual road events next
month and in October.
At 9 a. m. sharp to-morrow the good
i ship Annie E will sail from Jackson
street wharf laden with watermelons,
'■ sandwiches, Bay City Wheelmen and
j other good things for a trip around the
■ bay. The Bay City Club makes this trip
annually and there is always a large
gathering of members, as the outing is a
j popular and enjoyable one, since Doc Mer
vy discovered his famous cure for mal de
, mer. Such old-time yachtsmen as Toep
| ke, Cook, Plummer, Steve Brode and Dr.
' Hill will guide the craft over the billowy
waves.
Local wheelmen are taking a good deal
of interest in the race meet to be held
at Stockton on August 28. The Bay City
Wheelmen and Olympic Club Wheelmen
FALSE FLATTERER AND CONNEMARA,
will be well represented In the events, i
and Peck and Wing will probably have i
another meeting 1 , which will give the lat- !
ter an opportunity to prove whether or j
not he is the better man. The San Fran
cisco rider's will go up the night before
on the river boat, leaving- at 6 o'clock, and !
return the following night.
C. ML Smith, the speedy San Jose rider, \
was in the city this week. He is preparing
for the Stockton and San Jo«e meets i
und hopes to Ret within the prize money. !
The San Jose meet on September 9 will :
of necessity draw a large crowd because !
of the Native Sons' celebration there on !
that day, the bicycle races being a part I
of the official programme of entertain- ;
ment. The famous three-lap cment |
track Is being put in shape, patches in a [
few places being all that is. needed to
make it as even and fast as ever. This
Is a favorite track with the riders, as it
is long and wide, and accidents on It are
few.
A. H. Agnew and J. S. Shedd wore nor- !
mated for the captaincy of the Acme
Club Wheelmen at the annual meeting
held last Monday night. Mr. Shedd is tho
incumbent and his previous successful
term of office seems likely to Insure his j
re-election.
Chester 8. Myrick has resigned as
chairman of the road racing committee
of the Associated Cycling Clubs owing
to press of business. President Adams
baa announced his successor, but It Is i
probable that one of. the other two mem
bers of the committee will Ym chairman
and a new man added to the board.
Captain Robert A. Coulter will lead the j
members of the California Cycling Club ;
on a run to Tocaloma to-morrow, taking |
the 8 a, m. Sausalito ferry, thence by !
train to Fairfax and then awheel to dcs- j
tination.
Edwin W. Adams, prominent in cycle j
affairs of Sacramento, is in. the city on a :
visit.
The Imperial Cycling Club has estab
lished itself, in new quarters at 14 Mc-
Allister street, having found the old ones
on Baker street too far out for the ma
jority of tho members. The next regular
meeting will be held on Monday evening,
August 1">. Captain E. W. Schneider an
nounces a club run to the beach and
Sutro's Baths to-morrow, leaving tho
clubrooms at 10 a. m. A theater party,
a whist tournament and several good
runs are in prospect.
One Dave Williamson, the erstwhile
cycling editor of a local evening sheet,
devotes three or four hundred words in
a recent article to a critigjsm of the
cycle writers of the morning dailies be
cause one of them referred to the "ob
scurity of the evening press." While the
fisht is not mine, he takes the opportun
ity to bring me Into it by saying that
my "column, while readable, was never
more than interesting simply as Spald
ing's personal views." Though it 19
p!< jtsing to the eye to note that my ef
forts are "moro than interesting," I do
not consider Mr. Williamson a competent
critic of them. And after a concluding
effusion of "Grass Valley French," he
spoils whatever effect his article was In
tended to have by printing directly be
low it a dipping from a morning paper
of the same date, with an addenda of nls
own. Surely the evening press will not
be obscure while they have the morning
papers to clip from.
Tho Olympic Cyclers' proposed picnic
at Escalles on Sunday, August 14, has
been postponed because the club could
not secure the ground for that day. It
will be held In two or three weeks, and
the date will be definitely announced as
soon as the board of directors hold a
meeting— about next Wednesday.
The San Francisco Road Club will have
a run to the beach to-morrow, leaving
the clubhouse, 503 Golden Gate avenue,
at 9 a. m. Messrs. O'Malley and Blum
enthal won the club's crlbbage tourna
ment this week. The road olub will
have several pood men entered at the
Stockton and San Jose meets.
K. Ross Lozier, a well-known dealer of
Cleveland, Is expected here In a few days
from Cleveland with his bride.
H. W. SPALDING.
Alice Rix Writes About the
Princess Who Wanted to Be Queen
In Next Sunday's Call,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
JUICY CLAMS
FOR THE TARS
OF TIBURON.
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill of the San
Francisco Yacht Club returned last Sat
urday from his trip through Yellowstone
National Park and visited the club house
on Sunday. W. S. Ooodfellow, owner of
the schooner La Paloma, who has been
for some weeks with his family at Santa
Catallna, returned to the city last Tuesday
by train from San Luis Obispo, leaving
his boat to be sailed back to her moorings
by the men in charge of her. During this
month the programme of the San Fran
ciscos is blank. The Pacifies, Corinthians
and Californias cruise to-day and to-mor
row up the bay to meet yachts returning
from trips up the river. The Enclnals
have a ladies' cruise to Baden on their
programme for to-day, but there la little
activity among the Alameda yachtsmen
this season.
In the course of some remarks at the
California club house on the occasion of
the presentation of the Wallace Trophy
to E. F. Sager of the sloop Edna, the
donor referred to the approaching demo
lition of the narrow gauge wharf. When
the railroad company extends the mole
the California Yacht Club may move its
headquarters down to the waters of the
bay and so escape the necessity of beating
out of the estuary. The founders of the
California Yacht Club proposed to make
their headquarters a rendezvous for the
yachtsmen of the bay, where yachts may
be securely moored and taken care of un
til their owners come over on the follow
ing Saturday or Sunday.
E. N. Walter, J. Laughland and Louis
McMurtrie, who have been up the river
In the sloop Embla, came down last Sat
urday to McNears Landing and returned
home next day. Carl A. Tarnberg's sloop
Hope, H. S. Pratt's yawl Idler and Vice
Commodore G. B. Edgar's sloop Sappho
are on trips up the Sacramento River.
George Miller's new sloop Occident was at
Vallejo la.st .Saturday, where the sloop
Hazel will henceforth make her head
quarters, having been bought by a resi
dent of that town. About two weeks ago
A. M. Clay of the sloop Sea Fox lost his
small boat, but. though he believes it
went ashore on Berkeley fiats and has of
fered a reward for its return, he has so
far not recovered it. Secretary G. F. Gai
ther's U & I will cruise as far as Red
Rock to-morrow to meet the boats return-
Ing from up-river cruises. The schooner
Mellva, recently purchased by Carl A.
Tarnberg and renamed The North Star,
filled with water and sank.
E. P. Sager's sloop Edna of tho Califor
nia and Corinthian Clubs, and E. C. Bart
lett's yawl Frolic, chartered this season
by Messrs. Eaton and Lowell, anchored at
McXears Landing last Saturday.
The following boats accompanied the
yachts going on up-river cruises as far as
Vallejo last Saturday: Ex-Commodore J.
W. Pew's sloop Truant, Commodore Carl
Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus, E. Ponohoe's
sloop Speedwell, and Secretary E. B. La
throp's sloop Pride, of the Corinthian
club; also George Miller's sloop Occident
of the Californlas. On the return from
Vallejo a strong wind and high sea were
encountered: the sloop Pride carried away
the clew of her Jib, and a small yacht was
noticed with a broken topmast, which car
ried with it her forward jib stay and let
down her gaff. The sloop Clara went up
the Suisun Creek.
The event of to-morrow will be the big
clambake to be given at the Corinthian
club house, the arrangements for which
were given in yesterday's Call.
TENNIS SINGLES WILL
BE PLAYED TO-DAY
That tennlß is picking up Is evidenced by
the number of players that turn out for
practice on the California Tennis Club
courts.
Reuben Hunt, the young Alameda
player, visited the California courts dur
ing the week, and mot both Joe Daily
and George Whitney. In a set with
Daily Hunt was victorious after a very
severe struggle.
Robert N. Whitney and George Whit
ney have been hitting away at singles
every day of the week, and Robert N.
has carried off the larger portion of vic
tories. Bradshaw, now in the Hospital
Corps of the army, met with a painful
accident on Wednesday. In the act of
returning a very fast ball he strained his
back, and it will be some time before ue
will be able to Indulge his passion for
tennis. He is now on the slck list.
This afternoon the singles tournament
will be held at the California Club courts.
The entries are: Davis, Blanchard, Mc-
Gavin Stauf, Kllgarrif, Walter, Hamil
ton. Drummond McGavin and George
Whitney. All the players will be nut on
the scratch with the exception of George
Whitney, who has been placed fifteen
behind the scratch mark. Prizes will/ be
given the winner of the tournament and
the runner-up. The drawings will be held
on the courts just before the tournament
is called, which will be at 2 o'clock.
The young lady players are" beginning
to return from the country and resume
their tennis. Last week some very in
teresting matches were played by the
junior class. A ladies' tournament will
be a feature of the near future.
Milton H. Esberg has gone Into train
ing for his match with Tommy White.
Admiral Miller Writes
AD^it * TlZ * money in tne -Navy,
. » In Next Sunday's Gall. i __ u
RUSTY BARRELS
THINGS
OF THE PAST.
Ever since firearms, smooth bore and
rifled, were invented the greatest of cure
had to be taken of them to keep the in
side from rusting and pitting-. When the
inside of a barrel gets into a bad condition
from this cause its usefulness is sadly im
paired, as every sportsman knows. Hence
the first duty of the possessor of a fire
arm after shooting is to give the inside
of the barrel a thorough cleaning and
then a heavy coating of oil to prevent
moisture from rusting. More guns have
been ruined by neglect and carelessness
than by wearing out, breakage and even
actual loss. Leading a gun barrel is pro
duced by bad or cakfcd powder, lack of
lubrication, fouling and several other
causes. All of theso annoyances are more
liable to occur in rilled firearms than in
the smooth bores. Shooters the world
over nave laDorea and expended lots ot
gray brain matter in trie endeavor to over
come these annoyances, but in vain.
That is "In vain" until the. inventive
genius of a California man was applied to
the subject. Joseph Singer of Los Ange
les has worked out a process by which
fouling, leading, rusting and pitting- of
gun barrels can be overcome. Mr. Singer
is now at the United Stales Armory at
Springfield, Mass., where the process is
being thoroughly tested by the Govern
ment. The invention consists of a chemi
cal composition which upon being applied
to the inside of the barrel of a pistol,
rifle or shotgun makes the surface so hard
that foreign substances cannot adhere
thereto, consequently prolonging' the life
of the barrel Indefinitely.
The inventor, who made many severe
tests of his process before making known"
the fact of his discovery, declares that
after a gun has been ihus treated it can
be shot continuously without wiping or
cleaning and can be put away dirty with
out Injury to the metal, a thing that no
sportsman who values his piece would
dare to do. A shotgun thus always clean
gives better pattern and in pistols and
rifles a higher vel< !ty and deeper pene
tration. One of the large manufacturers
of shotguns In the East has testified that
lie had examined several barrels after be
ing treated by the Singer process and
found that it does away with the neces
sity of wiping, cleaning or oiling the bore,
that the surface Is so hard as to prevent
leading and that a perfect pattern was in
sured. A prominent manufacturer of
rifles and pistols In New Haven, Conn.,
stated that so far as he had been able to
test the Singer porcess of preventing rust,
etc., he could not find a single point in
which it fails to secure permanent results.
If the process proves in the long run
to be all that Is claimed for it, and so far
there is no reason to doubt that it
will, it is one of the greatest Inventions
of the age. In the first place Uncle Sam
can save hundreds of thousands of dol
lars by protecting his army and navy
muskets, which are now spoiling by the
cartload through the carelessness of sol
diers and sailors. If It will save a small
gun there Is no reason why its efficiency
on a cannon would be any the less, and
the big guns of fort and warship have to
be handled as carefully to prevent cor
rosion as the finest of machinery. There
is no telling of the possibilities of the
process and In time, the plates of war
ships and merchant vessels may be so
treated as to make expensive docking to
clean foul bottoms a thing of the past.
M. J. WHITE.
ALL ABOUT DOGS
AND THEIR OWNERS
Interest in dogs is certainly not on th>j
wane on this coast, if one may gauge by
the purchases recently made by local fai.
ciors.
F. H. Bushnell has bought the magni
ficent and deservedly famous bitoh, Mel
rose Sylvia, which will arrive here in
whelp to Mrs. Lee's equally famous
Prince Sylvia.
Mr. Webster Jones is another exam
ple of the "Star of Empire" gone East.
His acquisition is a line English setter
with a groat Held trial reputation.
Mr. George Bell, formerly of Toronto
and now of Menlo Park, has been laid up
with a severe attack of rheumatism, Dut
is now on the highway to recovery.
In answer to the dismissal of John
H. Sammi's charges concerning his Dull
terrier, Scaldy Mike, by the executive
board of the American Kennel Club, Mr.
Sfiipml has written to Secretary Vreden
burgh, asking for information. The ques
tions asked by Mr. Samml are:
"Did the secretary of the San Francisco
Kennel Club state officially that the bull
terrier. Scaldy Mike, was judged in the
heavyweight class in the ring, or*ils ken
nel? If he was Judged in hi* kennel
afterward, does, this come within the
rules of the American Kennel Club?
Further, If judge in latter case declined
to make any change in his prior deci
sion, why should the winning card, 'First
Prize,' be placed by the San Francisco
Kennel Club over his kennel? Kindly
enlighten me on above and oblige."
Hospital Quarters Not Too Large.
Dr. John K. Morse of the Board of
Health forwarded a communication to the
Supervisors yesterday, protesting against
the cutting down of the quarters origi
nally allotted In the New Hall of Justice
building for the use of the Receiving Hos
pital,
A JUBILEE WEEK
FOR THE
COURSING MEN.
This will be a jubilee week for the leash
men. The purses disbursed at the two
parks in the regularly scheduled stakes
aggregate no less than $1725, besides
which the winner of the match race be
tween Connemara and False Flatterer, at
Ingk'Side, will pull down another $750.
At Union Park the features are a stake
for non-winners, embracing seventy-two
candidates, and a twenty-four dog cham
pion stake. At Ingleside the card in
cludes a champion stake with thirty-two
performers, the usual monthly puppy
stake, with forty entries, and the match
race. The champion contests at both
parks show the best stock of the coast.
The puppy stake at Ingleside has brought
out an unusual aggregation of young
sters — unusual in number and quality.
The non-winners' event at Union Park
will puzzle the talent In almost every
course.
The match race between Connemara and
False Flatterer has excited much specu
lation locally and the result will be await
ed far beyond the local limits. Conne
mara is a coast-bred dog and is deemed
at present the peer of any native canine
on the sward. False Flatterer v.-as
brought out from England last summer,
in which country his sire (Fitz Fife) is
said to have been the king- pin of the long
tails of his day. Connemara will prob
ably rule a slight favorite, but neither
contestant will lack backing. Both were
in the pink of condition last evening. To
morrow both will probably be reported in
the most miserable shape.
The champion stake at Union Park this
week looks to be a one-round contest.
According to the knowing ones the win
ner of the course between Rosette and
Firm Friend should lift the final nag.
Massey has his eye on the Ingleside
money again to-day. Massey ran his
Eastern stock at Inglesido for the first
time May 30, since which time the string
has cost the Ingleside cashier, in stake
money, $415.
For the first time since the gates were
thrown open E. V. Sullivan has no candi
dates at Union Park this week. Right
Bower, formerly owned by Mr. Sullivan,
is running in the name of T. McEldowney.
by whom, it is said, he is to be handled
for Dr. G. W. Leake. Mr. Sullivan has
eight flyers at Ingleside.
Ray & Trant are again in the running
at Ingleside with a formidable showing.
This firm, will be trotting some rather
high-class youngsters next year. During
the past few days Sylvia has been bred to
Eclipse, Lemon to Sir Hugo, and Diana —
it is believed— to Chit Chat. Nelly Conroy
has also been bred to Moondyne.
Vanity Fair and Koolawn should put up
a warm contest at Union Park in the
champion stake. Only a few weeks ago
Koolawn would have been deemed a
"pipe," but her showing lately has scarce
ly seemed on par with her capabilities.
The annual Produce Stake will be run
at Ingleside October 1. At a meeting of
the Ingleside Coursing Club, D. Shannon
presiding, Messrs Hugh Lynch, P. J.
lii illy and J. Smith were appointed a com
mittee to arrange the meeting. They will
make public the conditions and all other
arrangements pertaining thereto next
week.
M. London has sold the veteran Uncle
Sam to Los Angeles parties. The south
ern climate may conduce to a rejuvena
tion. In this city his bread-winning days
were over.
The puppy stake at Ingleside to-day
opens up with an array of talent that will
keep the "talent" guessing throughout the
run down* There are many youngsters in
the contest that 1 could hold well up in
company of any age or experience. There
are several that have never been publicly
tested. Somebody is likely to find the
test costly.
Russell & "Wilson, the well-known
leashmen. of Cable, 111., make their bow
to the patrons of Ingleside this week,
with Glen Rosa and Victor Chief in the
champion stake. Glen Rosa has been a
Waterloo winner, but both are up against
hard game. Russell & Wilson's entire :
string embraces eight dogs and two pup
pies. They are quartered near Ingleside.
The running to-day at Ingleside takes
in the first two rounds of the the puppy
stake. To-morrow the champions will go
first to the slips, with the puppies follow
ing through one run down.' Immediately
thereafter the first heat of the match race
will be run. and the deciding heats fol
low after lunch. The first brace of flyers
goos to the slipper at 1 o'clock to-day,
and to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock.
The puppies seeming likely to land a
flag to-day are: Maid of Erin, Mystic,
Golden Russet, peculation, Bernice, Las
sie Hayes, Blacklock. Statesman, May
flower, Trinket. Mac's Melody. Kerry
Gow, Flying Cloud, Liberty Bell, Rath
bone, Minerva, Billy Gladstone, Innis
fallen, Royal Prize and Dauntless.
The champions emerging from the run
down should be: Gladiator, Rosie R,
Lass o' Gowrie, High Born Lady, Thorn
hill, Lady Jane, Victor, Old Glory. Moon
dyne, Occidental, Hadlwist, Myrtle, Hot
Stuff, Mialmo, - Laurelwood and Royal
Buck.
The winners of the Initial flags at Union
Park look to be as follows: Non-winner
stake — Benlcia Boy, Sportsman, Galla
gher, Lalla Rookh, Sylvanus, Lady Camp
bell, Chili Pepper, Blackstone, Monitor,
Mona, Wait a Little, Clifton Lass, Moon- i
light. Right Bower, Bonita, Governor
Rfarkham. Our Boy, Magic, Gilt Edge.
Mission Tip, Highland Ball, Arrow, Mary
X, The Turk, Lightning, Arapahoe, Tom
Bell, Miller's Maid. Glenwood, Butter
scotch, St. Gertrude, L. S. Conley, White
Wings, Bendalong, Little Dorrit, Ala
meda; champion Ferrona, Firm
Friend, Vanity Fair, Metallic, Cavalier,
Theron. .
The new , system which will go Into
operation to-day at Union Park will prac
tically place In the hands of the dog
owners themselves the selection of the
hare their dogs will be slipped to. The
fastest and best rabbits on hand are
placed Into chutes. Each chute contains
six coops, all of • them being numbered.
On paslng the slip steward on their way
to the slips the owner of the dog "on the
white" will draw. an envelope containing
a number. Arriving at the slips the hare
in the coop with the corresponding num
ber in the envelope is the one which will
be slipped. This will be done in full view
of both owners or trainers. Should the
hare not prove satisfactory, the man who
drew : the number in the envelope • can
only blame his own bad luck in not get
ting a hare more to his liking.
Mr. Russell of Cable, 111., arrived yes
terday with m. string of ten greyhounds
from the East. They will be heard from
after they become acclimated. The named
of the dogs are: Victor Chief, Glen Rosa,
Lady Hershell, Queen, Jennie Wilson,
Miss Alice, also two black and white
bitches by St. Clair, dam Maid of Honor.
Mr. . Russell has also two puppies, which
■will be run here in the Produce stakes.
'■>: : .-' - - '.'... .'.,,'. •.'■■. — :: — ~~ : : . ; '•' "
Fire Commissioners.
j ne i< ire <jommissione.rs mci yesterday
afternoon and fined Patrick Hanicker of
truck 7 five days' pay for riding on a car
with his badge when he was not groing
to a flre. Patrick Barry, foreman of en-
Kine 15, was promoted foreman of en
gine 23 and Fred Whitaker, assistant
foreman of engine 15, was promoted to
foreman. J. McGunigal was appointed to
engine 31, Charles w. Hegun to truck Z
and Eugene 11. McManus to engine 10.
HOMING PIGEONS
WILL FLY
FROM EL CAMPO.
On Sunday at 1 p. m., at El Campo,
there will be liberated the largest number
of these homing pigeons ever released
at one time on the Pacific Coast. Five
hundred of these intelligent birds will be
liberated to return to their respective
lofts throughout the State.
Most every one has seen a horse, dog
or boat race, but very few have had the
pleasure of seeing a homing pigeon race,
and this opportunity should not be
missed, as it will more than likely be the
only chance one will have.
In Europe this sport is very extensively
patronized. Belgium, In particular, de
votes a great deal of time and money for
the training of these pigeons. It Is an or
dinary event for 3000 homing pigeona to
be liberated at one time, and frequently
as high as 10,000 and 15,000.
The United States Government a few
years ago consented to experiment with |
these pigeons, and was so ♦ell satisfied \
that it now has some six Government
lofts throughout the country, one of
which is located on this coast, at Mare
Island, and contains some 200 or 300 of the
finest bred birds to be obtained.
The endurance, speed and homing in
stinct of the homing pigeon is something
wonderful. Pigeons have flown 700 miles
in a single day— mat is, from daylight
until dark. This record was made this
year by pigeons belonging to the Buffalo
district. It is a common occurrence to
have pigeons fly 500 miles in a single
day. The speed, too, in these distances
has been something remarkable. The
pigeons flying 700 miles in a single day
made over 1500 yards per minute, and the
birds flying S»JO miles seldom make lesa
than 1000 per minute. Last year a bird
of one of the Eastern districts made over
1900 yards per minute in a distance of 300
miles.
The fancy on this coast is only in its
infancy, but the members of the Cali
fornia Pigeon and Homing Society are
making great strides toward equaling
the Eastern records.
The entries for El Campo race next
Sunday are:
H. P. Squires, Oakland, 12 birds; J. G.
Lubben, Alameda, 10 birds; J. W. Welch,
San Francisco, 30 birds; H. C. Worth,
San Francisco. 20 Birds; J. A. S. Low,
Sausallto, 10 birds; John Filmer, San
Francisco, 9) birds; G. T. Marsh, San
Francisco, 50 birds; Otto Brewett, Ala
meda, 25 birds; C. H. Jewett. San Fran
cisco, 8 birds; H. G. Hemelright, San
Francisco, 30 birds; E. D. Connolly, Ala
meda, 35 birds; H. Reid, San Francisco,
7 birds; E. G. Koenig, San Francisco, 30
birds; H. F. Benjamin, San Francisco, 20
birds.
TROUT-FISHING IN
THE HIGH SIERRAS
The following letter to The Call from
that expert fly-caster and hill-climber
John W. Bourdette will be found very
interesting to anglers v.ho contemplate
a trip in the mountains:
Trout fishing in the high Sierras Is about six
wi-iks earlier than usual, occasioned by the
dryness of the season and the gmall quantity
of snow now remaining on the mountain tops.
The feed, which is carried by the melted snow
into the lakes and streams of the mountains,
has by reason thereof become diminished to
eueh an extent that the finny tribe will now
take anything in the nature of food that is
thrown to them. The period of time interven
ing before the winter sets In will therefore
reward the sportsman for his efforts in quest
of such rare and exhilarating sport.
I was rewarded by an extremely good catch
on the north fork of the American Klver, in
the immediate vicinity of Snow Mountain. The
gamy Eastern brook trout, like "'Joseph's coat
of many colors," predominates in this stream
and readily takes the fly when properly handed
to them by the angler. Care should always be
taken not to alarm them, for they are shy
birds and know more than given credit for.
Tho Rubicon River, so called, rising at the
foot of the Rubicon ridge of mountain* to the
west of Lake Tahoe and flowing through the
Rubicon V alley, then emptying into the north
fork of the American River, will b« found to
be an admirable stream on which to pass sev
eral pleasant days, abounding In Eastern
brook trout of fair size and gameness. They
now take the fly with alarming rapidity.
Sportsmen will find this stream admirably
adapted for casting, running as it goes for a
long distance through a gigantic granite for
mation, and is thereby devoid of trees and un
derbrush, so detrimental to the successful en
joyment of the sf>ort.
To reach Rubicon River take the stage which
leaves McKinney's on Lake Tahoe dally for
Rubicon Springs, where comfortable accommo
dations will be provided for those In search of
true sport and recreation.
To conclude your outing a trip to Glen Al
pine, the sportsman's paradise of the Bierras,
nestled in a pleasant nook on the crest of the
high mountains, should not be omitted. There
the rarest of sport awaile you. The chain of
lakes, comprising Lilly, Grass. Susie, Heather,
Halfmoon and Gilmore, lie in the immediate
vicinity. A visit to either will be a day well,
spent and enjoyed. The result of my last'
day's fishing was forty-eight pounds of the
finest of silver trout, taken from Halfmoon In
one day's lfshlng. Fishing on these lakes will
be found good just after daybreak and at dusk.
I luring the warm part of the day the fish r^st
under the crevices of rocks and large logs
which lie on the bottom of the lakes. Rumor
has It that an enterprising hotel proprietor Is
about to have filings made upon the lands sur
rounding these lakes and utilize them for his
special benefit, to the detriment and exclusion
of the general public. As these lakes are now
the property of the United States Government
and have been stocked by the Fish Commis
sion of the State of California at great cost
and labor, and having been used for more than
forty years as a fishing ground by the general
public. It is not to be presumed that the sports
men of this State will stand idly by and allow
any such scheme to be fostered ami carried
through, thereby depriving tho lovers of the
sport of the untrammeled privileges granted to
them by right of sovereignty to fish upon the
waters of the State of California.
JOHN W. BOURDETTE.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 3.
Sporting Editor of The Call: A strict In
vestigation is being made and seven men who
placed a large stick of giant powder In Rus-
Blan River, near Pieta, and thereby slaughtered
many hundreds of fish will be brought to Jus
tice for their cruel sport. A party of Santa
Unsa hunters, composed of Pigtrlet Attorney
Emmet Setiwell, Attorney Rollo Leppo, O. F.
Leppo, Charles Wright and J. w. Seawell.
while on their way to this city, came across
a party of seven men who had killed by the
use of giant powder scores of fine trout and
salmon. The pool In which the explosives had
been placed was covered with the mutilated
fish. The hunters told their story when they
got to Cloverdale and when they arrived here.
Identification of four of the men, who were
Italians, has been established. The affair has
created a great deal of Indignation in the
sporting circles of the county.
K. L. FINLEY.
A. Joel, A. Leipsic, "W. Greenblatt. L.
Brader and J. MeEvoy are having first
class trout fishing in the Garcia River.
Steelheads running from a quarter of a
pound to a pound are now plentiful In
Eel River near Grizzly Bluff.
Will Honor Their Athletes.
The San Francisco Turnschwestern
Vereln will honor Its members who made
such a brilliant showing in the last tour
nament by publicly distributing the prizes
that they won, at a grand ball which la
to be held on Sunday evening next at
their hall, 3-o Turk street. Great prepara
tions are being made for the occasion,
which promises to surpass previous af
fairs of its kind. Six beautiful girls will
pin the coveted medals on the breasts of
the athletes, and then perhaps imprint a
kiss on their brows in recognition of their
splendid achievements.
ALAMEDA SENIORS
WILL MEET
THE MIDGET CREW
The all-absorbing topic among the oars
men is the approaching annual regatta—
the fifth— at Astoria. The members of
the Alameda senior crew have all pro
cured leave of absence from their variou*
employers, and will- go up by train to<
Astoria, their boat going up by steamer
in charge of their coach. The Midget?,
whom the South End men consider the
finest barge crew that was ever got to
gether, will also go to Astoria, and will
test their strength against the Alamedas.
This barge race has been specially added
to the programme by the Astorians. their
races being for shells only. It : is also
said that the Midgets are prepared, to
row in one of the four-oared shell races*
if they can procure a boat in which to
row But it is very doubtful whether
their stlye of rowing, while it is well
suited to a barge, would prove equally
good in a light racing boat. Their chanca
against crews which have been rowing
together for several weeks and whoso
style is better fitted to light boats would
probably be small. Such clubs as the
Willamette and the Portland, of Portland;,
the Burrard Inlet Rowing Club and the
Vancouver Boat Club, of Vancouver, and
the St. James Bay Rowing Club of Vic
toria, make strong and dangerous oppon
ents. Even oarsmen who have been spe
cially trained to row a stroke suitable
to a light boat, and whose style individ
ually is good, roll about considerably
when they first find themselves in a light
four or eight. Our oarsmen naturally
row in a style suitable for the rough
water prevalent in the bay during the
summer rowing season, and for the heavy
boats used here; the oarsmen on the
Columbia River and round Victoria ana
Vancouver enjoy much smoother water.
In a barge it is not necessary to be a
good waterman as well as a good oars
man; strength and a capacity for k«*P
ing time are all that la • needed. Then
the oarsmen of our bay suffer terribly
from a lack of competent coaching, with
out which no really good rowing is pos
sible. Probably the only club contain
ing any really trained oarsmen is the
Columbia Rowing Club, the members of
which take no part or interest in gen
eral rowing matters. Our. oarsmen row
by the light of nature, supplemented by
a few suggestions from men whose ex
perience has been longer, but whose orig
inal source of knowledge was the Bapte.
J. Foley of the South Ends is going
to Astoria on a vacation, but will prob
ably take no part in the regatta there.
On his return to this city he will begin
training fur the senior shell champion
ship. It would be interesting to see A.
W. Pape and Dr. C. C. Dennis in a skiff,
race at Astoria, but there seems no like
lihood of this.
F. Wilson of the Arlels and F. Ayera
of the Alamedas will probably enter the
out rigged skiff race at Astoria. There,
is talk of some match races between va
rious crows and single scullers, such as
a barge race between the intermediate
crews of the Dolphins and Pioneers and
a skiff race between Dr. C. C. Dennis
and A. W. Pape; so that it is not un-.
likely that a regratta may be got up be
fore the championship rej^itta.
At the last monthly meeting of the Tri
ton Boat Club D. J. Keefe, August Schup
pert and G. Schimpf were appointed a
committee to report <^n the matter of
the club Joining the Pacific Athletic As
sociation. J. W. F. Peat, Emil Kehrlin.
Dan O'Keofe and C. Hess Jr. wer>? ap-
I pointed a committee to secure a new sito
for the clubhouse. They will probably
! choose a site between. Black Puint and
1 Hyde street, to the east Of the Dolphin
I quarters. Emil Kehrlin has acquired a.
'. gasoline launch, which Hies the dark blue
and white flag of the Tritons, and will
be used as a pleasure boat by members
of the club. Last Sunday several visi
tors came in it to take part in the eu
1 tertainment at the Dolphin house. C.
' Hess Jr. has begun practice in an out
rigged skiff.
The Ariel and Alameda crews, winners
of the Junior and senior barge races at
El Campo, having- expressed their desire
to have medals as prizes, an order that
medals be procured was made at tha
meeting of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion last Tuesday.
W. O. Patch of the Dolphin Boat Club
has left the city on a two weeks' vaca
tion. On his return he will take in hand
the coaching of the junior and interme
diate Dolphin crews for the champion
ship regatta.
The members of the Olympic Boat Club
will hold a meeting at the Olympic Club
on Tuesday evening next, at which will
be discussed the feasibility of forming
a stock company for the purpose of build
ing a boathouse at Tiburon, to contain
accommodation for boats belonging to the
club and privately owned by members,
and rooms to be rented by members
■wishing to live at Tiburon. during the
sim.mer.
Dr. Warre, the headmaster of Eton
College, England, has sent out to St.
Peter's Collegiate School. Adelaide, South
Australia, as a present, the eight-oared
boat in which the Eton eight won the
ladies' challenge plate at Henley regatta
in 1896. The headmaster .of St. Peter's
School Is a famous oarsman, having
stroked the Oxford University eight in
the interuniversity boat race some U n
years ago. The St. Peter's boys row on
Lake Torrens, formed by damming the
wateis of a creek called the Torrent
Kiver. The course is about one ami a,
half miles straight away.
SPORTSMEN CAMPED
IN THE MOUNTAINS
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold its
final shoot of the season on the 21st inst.
at Alameda Point.
J. N. Castle. L. F. Castle and "W. D.
Castle and family are now camped on
Redwood Creek in Humb6ldt County,
where they will spend a month hunting
and fishing.
R. W. Woods, T. R. Robbins, "W. 8..
Robblns, C. Robbins and Dr. A. T. Wat
kins will enjoy a month's vacation in the
King River country.
J. R. Edwards. E. L. Finley, H. Gun
lach and C. H. B. Laughlirr left this city
last Monday. They will camp In the vi
cinity of Sea View, which is a good deer
country, about thirty miles north of Caz-.
adero.
Harry Hosmer, the popular sportsman,
is about to visit one or the springs. Hos
mer intended taking a trip with H. Em«ir
1c when taken sick.
Frank Maskey is at present located at
Klamath Springs, where he will remath.
until the season for tho killing of pheas
ants will open in Oregon.
Johnny Mitchell and M. Shanahan are
hunting for deer in the Xapa hills.
George Walker, accompanied by twq
sportsmen from the Tivoli Opera-house,
enjoyed a good dove shoot last Sunday
near San Loandro.
The Golden Gate Gun Club will hold a
big shoot to-morrow on the Pacific tour
nament grounds, Alameda.
W. J. Remfree, a popular young sports
man of Antioch, wa.s married last Tues
day in this city by Judge Conlan to Slisa
Annie Simpson of San Diego. The happy
couple will enjoy pleasant days at Mr.
Remfree's home in Antioch.
James C, Nealon killed a beautiful spiko
buck last Sunday in tho hills north of
Novato.
Dr. Clement and Dr. F. L, Platt and
wife will camp for a month at U'hite.-=
borough, Mendocino County. Mrs. I'latt
is an excellent rifle shot and doubtless
she will bring to bag some of the spiked
family of the mountains.
The Oldest Volunteer. •
A New York State doctor, aged .109. volun-
teered his services to" the President recently,
and expressed a desire to enter the army as a"
surgeon. Even at his . advanced years he can _
read without glasses, and walk 10 to 15 miles a
day. The oldest standard medicine is Hostet-: '
ter's Stomach Bitters, which has no equal for
Indigestion. dyspepsia, constipation, fevers
and bad blood. It strengthens, purifies and
vitalizes. One bottle does, much good. ■-,'.•:-. '"
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
A CLASSIC CARD!
INTERNATIONAL CONTEST, '
CONNEMARA v VS. FALSE FLATTERER. \
A Monster Champion Stake.
CLINKING PUPPY EVENT.
31^10— IN PRIZES! — 31<510
1 SATURDAY. IP. M. SUNDAY. • 10:30 A. K. [HOW TOD GOT
HIS RELEASE
Asked to Ride Too Many
Sure Things.
LARGEST ST. LOUIS WINNERS
ENGLAND'S JOCKEY CLUB TO
GIVE MORE LONG RACES.
Eiley Grannan, Still Under the Ban,
Plays ''On the Outside" at Sara
toga — Jockey Hamiltoa
Broke.
IS has never been known here just
what prompted the Messrs, Fleischmann
to le< Tod SI >an have his release. The
following apt" ;irt-J recently In the Cin
cinnati Enquirer, and as the Fleisch-
Uves of the : Queen City
there can be no doubt as to Its accuracy:
'■■ The "cause of his release is due to Sloan's
aiHbitioli to ride what he thinks are certain
•winners in big stake events. Several times
this "season Julius Fleischmann has scratched
horsed In big events just to .satisfy the whim
,of ' Slqan, who could get the mount' on the
■'favorite. It was this that caused the misun
derstahdinß which resulted in his release. The
j Ffeißchmann string is now at Saratoga and
Several of their best racers are ready for
•stivke invents. Ihe other day Sloan asked per
' mission •to £•> to Brighton Beach and ride
•liambuxg in the Brighton cup. "Julius Fleiach
-taaljn- •''aid that he had accommodated Sloan
■«»• bijten that he thought. "he ' should be ac
\*Wnniod.ated once in a while and declined to
-givis. 'permission. This was not done without
■ good, .reason, as Mr. Fleischmann had several
start^i-K at Saratoga the day the Brighton cup
■ wits' run for at the Beach. Sloan got . warm
under the coilar and said he was to receive
.$:>!>00- from Marcus Daly 1: he 'won with Ham
:bur«.: Mr. Fleischmann said that was no rea
. Bon .vrti'y he should sacrifice several races, and
•than 'came the argument and employer and
hotkey parted without an .understanding. Mr.
..'FteijseHmaiin came to this city and talked the
•jriatter over with several; of his intimate
friends; and it was thought advisable to come
.10 : some terms with the Jockey. Sloan was
•very -'anxious to be- released. It was finally
agreed' that Sloan was to be released and ha
■ was- "to be raid whatever Mr. Fleischmann
: -thought his services have, been worth this sea
•eotu.'-The result was Sloan . was -released.
Sioa.ri is now at liberty to ride tor whom he
pleads and a day. or so will : no douUt .find
■ blnl' riding regularly for Daly, who is getting
' ready to race in England, where Slcfan has a
.Jortsi'ntj. to shine once more as the greatest of
•Arnrriean Jockeys. _ . .?;;;■:
■ - : ""bieW is much doubt regarding the cor
rectness of the part relating to. Mr. Daly
racing- In England, for he recently^ de
'•cla-rv.il in an Interview that he had no
•desixe to race in any other country than
:.the. one he called home— United
State's.
: iXf-'fhe St. Louis race meeting, now on,
J. C Cahn headed the list of winning
boners up to August 1, with $97C0. Other
owners whose 'horses put over $5000 to
their' credit were: Wood ford & Buckner,
$7000- C C Moffitt, $6670; Barney Schrel
ber. r |6235; A. Cahn. 155981 G. C. Bennett,
55407.- and W. I- Simmons, $5515.
Riley Grannan is spending the summer
at Saratdga Springs, New. \ork, but does
'not attempt to enter the gate_s of the
Tace track there, being still under the
bun -of the Jockey Club. He contents
himself with playing in a pool room at
thi? great interior resort, and with some- ;
tinre's '.sending a commission into the lo- •
cat bc'tting ring.
•■; A suokling brother to King-don (rated as
t^fo se.cond best two-year-old- In this coun
trv->"diert a few days ago on the farm of
W. 1. Lansing, near Harrodsburg, Ky.
. vAndy- Hamilton, who rode in California I
ari'd:'at the East several seasons for J. :
li, Haggin, and generally supposed to be
wealthy, Is reported to be penniless. He ,'
is losing his grip as a horse pilot, too, !
find the future of the famous colored
Jockey is likely to be anything but j
bright. : , j
.There being considerable comment in
the" newspapers of England regarding- the
lafge, number of sprint races given in that
CfiuatFy, the Jockey Glub, at its October I
m-eeting; proposes to change matters not i
a Uttle. They will give "no race of less
than. five furlongs, and the programme
of each day shall be subject to the follow
ing, regulations:
: . i.' There shall be at least one race of one
• rr.ilt>"and a half or upward, and at least one
race: ft a mile or upward. Neither of these
ra?p-s -shall be open to two-year-olds: and one
c.f; them shall be neither a handicap nor a race
: .v.fth selling- conditions.
. £. There ■hall not be more than two .races
fV)'whfch three-year-olds or upward are ad
mitted of less than seven furlongs, and of
these 'two races only one may be less than six
: ?/.. ■Of the races confined to two-year-olds,
lhere'-shall not be more than two races a day
before' September 1, nor more than three a day
at'- any time.
."•; 4. • Matches and private sweepstakes may be
Sanctioned by the stewards, independent- of the
•ab/ove 'regulations. : .;,<:
.'Besides, at every, meeting under the
•J.oeicVifc"s Club's jurisdiction not less than i
half money hung up shall be for races j
of 'a mile or over, for three-year-olds or
upward -only, and of this half, not less
than, a moiety shall be for races of a mile
and alinjf or upward. . .: . .;
■ '•In 'some, of the Australasian colonies j
there will be a fow*ir number, of races
fjiyen!- for two-year-olds, it being held j
that they are injurious rather than bc-ne
fielaL" . ' __^___ .'
where: boys are
molded into men
,COi>J) WORK BEING DONE AT THE
BOYS' HOME.
The . Institution Has Been Moved to
More Commodious Quarters
on Howard Street.
The San "Francisco Boys' Home, form
erly. Ine Boys' Training Home, has moved
fioVn the old dilapidated building on
Laurel place to 1914 Howard street, where
the objects of the home may more strict
ly be 'adhered to and clean, • comfortable
quarter? furnished the boys.
'•■.The objects of the hone may not be
known to the general public, so this op
portunity, is taken to bring: this worthy
cause to their notice.
•:Tfie home Is for the worthy friendless
.boys where they may secure the comforts
erf and be surrounded, by those influences
■■which tend to produce self-reliant " and
honest, industrious citizens.
■ The San Francisco Boys' Home is en
tirely under new management and great
cure will be taken by those at present in
terested to make it an. ideal boys' home.
11 -appeals to the public for assistance in
the way of donations of food, fuel, furni
.t.ire and clothing. In. the near future it
.*rlt» extend a cordial invitation to inspect
...the home and its general management
•.will, it is contended, be such as to war
rant the approval of all contributors.
-A printing office is connected with the
• homo so ;ts to enable it to meet expense
••In. part and a weekly paper, Our Youth,
.is printed and for sale at the small
• amount of $1 per year.
■ -. AH printing is solicited from the general
..public to make the homo as far as pos
sible self-supporting:.
■' .-The business office Is in the Press Club
.building rooms 10 and M, and all dona
tions subscriptions and orders for print
ing will he received there with thanks.
v. MRS. JOHN PETTBB, President.
■ : ; MItS. L. MARSH, Secretary.
. Very Slow Registration.
. .ine. jsiecuon Commissioners held a
•. short session yesterday morning to re
ceive a report from Registrar Biggy con
cerning .th- dlsqUaliflcaUon of some of
■ the precinct registration officers selected.
Btgpy said that he refused to swear in
about thirty officers who were - Whrible '
•under' the law. The list was referred b to
the .clerk of the commission for investi
gtttlon.
•Registration this year is particularly
slow. • Only about 30,000 voters have rec
' iatered up" to date. • *"
Robert G. Ing^ersoll
Discusses the Results of the War
In Next Sunday's Call.
PLACED A JOKER
IN THEIR BIDS
San Jose Purchases a
Gold Brick,
COSTLY FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
EX-MAYOR KOCH IS GETTING A
"ROASTING."
By His Careless Signing of a Contract
the City May Suffer a Loss
of Several Thousand
Dollars.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. s.— The city of San
Jose has a gold brick on its hands in
the shape of a new fire-alarm system.
This purchase was made through the
instrumentality of the old Council, but
the responsibllitv of the deal has been
shifted to ex-Mayor Koch's shoul
ders. And here it undoubtedly be
longs. The credit of the discovery of
the brick is due to Mayor Martin, and
just now he is busily enga-ed in the
endeavor to balk this attempt to bunko
the municipality.
The history of the purchase of a fire
alarm system is a long one. There
were more or less hints of boodle be
ing used to influence the Councilmen
when the matter was first broached,
and now these rumors of boodle are
aerain current on the streets. The buy
ing of the system by the old Council
caused much discussion and the mat
ter was taken into the courts by S. h..
Smith, a prominent member of the
New Charter Club. At that time Koch
then Mayor, condemned the Council
for wanting to make the purchase but
the loophole contract that he signed
for the purchase of the apparatus nas
turned the tide of condemnation, and
he is now receiving his share of the
"roasting." _ „
On January 25, 1898, A. J. Coffee, re
presenting the United States Fire and
Police Telegraph Company, and R. A.
Rose, agent of the Gamewell Fire
Alarm Company, submitted bids to the
city for a fire alarm system. The bid of
A. J Coffee was accepted. He proposed
to put in an up-to-date system, the city
to pay a rental of $65 per month for
five years. If within that time the
city wished to purchase the ap
: paratua they could do so for $3900.
i the rental money to apply on the pur
chase price. The Gamewell Company s
bid "was for $3300, or $55 per month, the
same conditions to apply in the pur
; chase or' the system.
The Superior Court denied an in
! junction to prohibit the Council from
i entering into a contract with Coffee.
j and Koch vetoed the resolution mak
; ing the purchase.
The old i 'ouncil— composed of Fay,
Nolting. Krieg and Dittus— still insisted
jon buying a fire alarm system. Bids
■ were again called for for a complete
storage battery system of 275 cells, a
i fire alarm switchboard, with necessary
: Implements for manipulation of ten
; circuits, and other apparatus. The buy
ing was to be on the lease proposition,
giving the city the option to purchase
at any time in five years.
Coffee and Rose responded with bids.
Coffee being again the highest. His bid
was $4400.
The Gamewell Company offered to put
'■ in a system for $3950, the city to pay
j a rental of $720 per year, or $60 per
month, for five years. The Council
thought that the conditions of puchase
were the same as in the previous bid,
and that whenever the city wished to
purchase the system the rentals would
apply on that sum. But Rose and Coffee
i placed a joker in their bids, and the
discovery was made a few days ago
that the city will probably be mulcted
jof several thousand dollars. The con
tract, as signed by ex-Mayor Koch,
makes it necessary for the city to pur
chase the plant Inside of a year in
order to have the rentals apply on th»
price. Owing to the low condition of
the city's finances it will be impossible
to do so. In order to purchase it after
the first year it would cost the city
! $6830, as it would be necessary to pay
the four years' rental of $2880 and then
the original price of $3950.
The material for the system is now
at the broad-gauge depot, but unless
the contract is reformed the apparatus
Tv i 1 1 stay there for some time. The Po
lice and P'ire Commission have cited
Rose to appear and explain how it was
the contract was changed so that the
rentals should not apply on the pur
; chase price.
Mayor Koch says ho was of opinion
when ho signed the contract that the
conditions of rentals applying on pur
rhapp price were the same as in the
, first bid. In that case the system could
be bought at any time, and the rentals
', paid applied on the price. Just ho-w he
could be so careless as to overlook this
1 material point in the agreement he has
; failed to explain.
The former Councilmen all claim they
; understood the matter the same as did
Mayor K<rch, and for this reason voted
j for the Gamewell system.
COOLIES SMUGGLED IN.
Hundreds of Japanese Cross the Can
adian Boundary.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Auj*. Hun
dreds of Japanese have recently signed
contracts here to work In the United
States, and are now located in towns in
Washington, Oregon and California.
I nitfl States Agent Rice arrived on Sun
day to Investigate, and ascertained that
the exporter of cheap labor was an
American, who had been working quietly
and with prreat success for several
months. While Rico was investigating
the case this man left the city. Rice says I
that the Japanese were met on the arri
val of the Oriental boats and were in
duced to sign contracts to work in the
United States. The Japanese Consul is
warning all new arrivals of the alien
labor laws, but Bays already hundreds
had been sent through to California to
work. A close watch will bo kept by I
Rice's men on the arrivals by the next
Oriental boat.
FISHERMEN STRIKE.
Discouraged by the Poor Catches on
Fraser River.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. s.— lf the
salmon run on the Frazer River does not
Increase this week over 5000 fishermen
many of whom came from the American
side, will become practically destitute
The seasons work so far is a complete
failure, and Indicates a quarter pack. On
Monday nipht hundreds of fishermen,
becoming discouraged at the poor catches
struck for higher prices. The season
closes on the Beth, and the . Dominion /
Government will be asked to extend It !
In view of the distress prevailing amonjr
the fishermen. The failure of the salmon
Industry will affect the whole province,
for many of the fishermen were relying
on their season's work to pay up last
year's debts and to provide for the win
ter. This evening many of the striking
fishermen returned to work.
Rev. James F. O'Hare Dead.
ROCHESTER. N. V., Aur. £— R ev .
James F. O'Hare. D.D., vloar-pfnoral of
the Rochester diocese of the Roman
Catholic church and rector of the Im
maculate Conception church, died to-day.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bueh Larkin Bta. ; swlmmln, Russian, hot and
cold tub battis; salt wuter direct from ocean.
Tll£3 SAX ITKAXCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
NOT PARTIAL
TO CAMP LIFE
Plaint of a New York
Volunteer.
OBJECTS TO THE PRESIDIO
WEATHE.A AT THE BEACH NOT
TO HIS LIKING.
Bightly Denounces Camp Merritt as
One of the Most Miserable Places
Maa Ever Was Forced
to Live In,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— Life at Camp
Merritt, near San Francisco, where the
First Regiment New York Volunteers
has been awaiting orders to proceed to
Honolulu, is not all sunshine and de
light, according to James S. Barber, a
private in Company M, who tells of
some interesting experiences in a letter
received from him by a friend in this
city. He says:
"After reaching California we were
located at Camp Merritt, which was
certainly one of the most miserable
places a vvhlta man was ever forced to
live in. But when our commander,
Colonel Barber, saw the place his men
were encamped in he said: 'This is not
good enough for these men.' You know
we are known here as a millionaire
regiment. He knew what he was talk
ing about and the next morning we
were moved to the Presidio, where we
are now. Camp Merritt was certainly
a death hole and will soon be aban
doned. Men are dying daily there and
yesterday five men were buried from
camp.
"After our removal to the Presidio
we found it difficult to bathe at all.
Here we have cold weather, rain and
dust. Although the morning may dawn
brightly it is safe to bet that by 11
o'clock there will be clouds of Band that
you can only pass through by walking
backward. '
"This morning we had beans, frank
furters, bread and coffee for breakfast,
and before we had a chance to season
the food it was bo thoroughly covered
with sand that nepper was not needed.
"When we arrived >">re the cars ran
into the camp and as recompense to the
Government for running into the reser
vation they carried soldiers free. When
the report came that Camp Merritt was
to be moved to the Presidio the car line
immediately posted a notice that all
soldiers must pay unless provided with
tickets by their adjutants. The fact
that we are from New York opens all
doors to us."
SIX BOLD ROBBERS
MAKE A BIG HAUL
Most Daring Raid Made on a Michi
gan Bank by Expert
Cracksmen.
BICHLAND, Mich., Aug. s.— One of the
most daring and successful bank robber
ies ever perpetrated in Michigan was car
ried out by six robbers last night. Some
of them came from tXe East on a hand
car and evidently had confederates with
a horse and carriage. They Becured about
$snoo In cash from the Union Bank and
$4600 In notes.
There were three explosions which
awakened many people. Alvln Barnes, an
old man, who lived near the bank, was
ordered into the house with a threat that
they would shoot him. George Robson
and Ed Barrett saw the robbers, but did
not molest th«m.
The safe was a complete wreck, nitro
glycerine being uspd to open it. The in
side doors were blown ten feet out into
the office and pieces went through the
plate glass front twenty feet distant.
GREAT BRITAIN AND RUSSIA.
LONDON". Aug. s.— There is great un
easiness on all sides here in view of the
Chinese situation, which is regarded as
br,n^ ir ig an open conflict bezwesa Grott
Britain and Russia within mca?nr«tle
distance. fr If universally felt that Ihe
Marouia of Salisbury's "Invortebntay"
in yielding to Russian aggressiveness is
responsible for the dangerous complica
tions, which onn only be overcome by the
I '•Tnipr. and n.ost firm inti nr. lon that
Russia's oj-fn opposition to Uritlm com
mercial concessions must cease.
Holbrook's Assailant Captured.
SAN RAFAEL.. Aug. s.— Frank Valen
cia, a Spaniard, was arrested on his
mother's rarx-h, near Novato, to-day, on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
He was positively identified by young
Benjamin Holbrook, whom he beat and
robbed. He was brought here and re-
U-aped by Justice Rodden on furnishing
$XXX) bond.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t ps FA, L Cq
DOCTOR S WE ANY .
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
It I ' !•'! ■ ' X X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work a painless, sure and permanent
cure. V.481( <( IMTiIiK, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of. the glands
treated with unfailing success, €onta.
j£iou« l>loo«l poison in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. J< « dies* will receive special
attention for -'1 their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mall. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANT, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco. Cal. '-
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S «»••*
j^fL Museum of Anatomy
|I§|M fc 1061 MA2XET ST. tot 6th & 7ti, E. T. ZtL
X *1 ft *h« Largest of JM kind In
ij^Hl-V DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
iffwV 11 , Contulu'.lon free. Writ, for B«.k .
W I w Philosophy of Carriage.
ii Q HAILED FREE.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RH-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 60 day,
$6 to *8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free t^thi: hot
and cold water every room: flre grates In every
room; elevator run* all night. : ■-•..-. .".
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB : DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; Rive* htaltb tad
strength to the sexual oroBS. -
''__■__'_"' '_ _j: ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE It*AOT-rn>l Foß headache. : SEE
stt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
/tvttiati^ SBbTTLE fOR BILIOUSMESS. rr\TTTi\TC
GENUINE stiver for torpid liver.' GENUINE
I p|l|"s FGR COHSTIPATIOUr".
WRAPPER I. m * FOR sallow SKIM. WRAPPER
WKAiTLK |flm 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION wKArrM
«,, i CEIWTJT>rE MUST HAVE SLC NATURE,
Dam I j^^ ,|, [
25 Cents I Purely Ve?retaDle./^K>^s^*<^
PROCLAMATION.
■ ■ j-
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, IS' l *.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1537,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments, to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being: Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: ..." . •"■-
■ Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made lor the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
City and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done, upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no.
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of.
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In • the construction
of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall tie void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Co',
stitution of the State, by adding & new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants or
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TA. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county- government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to, the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, . qualified
electors of sjirh i county ;-•• to be tleeted by . thu
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It snail b«
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not lees than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and It
. a majority of such qualified electors voting
\ thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
i after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with' such county government act.
A cony of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
arid authenticated by the seal of such county,
sotting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors and Its ratifica-
tion by them shall be made in duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of
Stat" the other, after being recorded in tha
office of the recorder of deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county. Vw : " ■ ;■
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
Th« omiiitv government act co ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
year" iv proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
aualined electors thereof, at a general or
Sec al election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
Jkvs in a newspaper of general circulation In
such county and ratified by at leM < three-
fifths of the' qualified electors voting there
nn.l niiDrovtd By the Legislature as herein pro-
v"ded for thl approval of the county govern-
mont act in submitting any such county gov-
?rnm P nt act any alternative article or proposi-
Uon may be presented for the choice of the
voters™ and «nay be voted on separately with-
° l\ KffinK cSmPrfSlt in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
?h^ section ~to provide for the manner Id
Irhleh t"e times at which, and the terms for
{,!„>.' Mi* several township and county officers
thir than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
& elected or appointed; for th»ir eompen**-
If „ • for the number of such officers, for the
1 niStnn or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
UJPfnr the compensation payable to ench of
a v Spnutf^for the manner in wh&h. th«
fi Ut> « in which and the terms for which the
mTmbJrß ol all boards of election shall be
X"lT\ or appointed: and for the constitution.
rpcufatlon compensation and government of
"oh board, and of their clerks and attaches;
aYso to prescribe the manner and method by
%h nil elections by the people shall be con-
ducted and f mn y in addition determine the
fe-fm-ind conditions upon which electors, po-
S™, Sorties aad organizations may partld-
e nev^a^o7nt e rh»n the manner and
mithm? herein pointed out. adopted any county
Sovprament act. and the same shall have been
anprovnd l by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
Sections of Actions four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
KVBtem of county governments throughout the
Ktntr and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall as to any of
the matters P heroin ft bove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
Bible -l to any law or amendment enacted by
the Lcglslr.turr. except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State,' by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section live and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to <be known as ' tha
Court of Claims. The said proposed now sec-
tion to read as follows:-
Section .W. The. Court, of Claims nhall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by th- Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court j
of Claims shall : have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine. all claims of ; : every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court ,of Claims shall be held as f.ul-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March: .
In • the - City and - County of San Francisco,
commencing on tho second Monday in July.
■ In the City of Sacramento." commencing on
the second Monday of. November of each year.
The Judges holding : such - term of court • shall
receive no extra ~ compensation therefor, but
shall receive their pctual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.;
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
' to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
. of this section. \J
. ; AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the-
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding, a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments." Tho
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. The provisions of . sections four
and five of this article shall. not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto. . apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend Bald sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die. or
become Incapable of performing the duties of
his Bee, or be absent from the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor until the vacancy In the office of
Governor shall be tilled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, x>r until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named. • and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties.of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly,. .until, the' office of Governor
shall be fillod ht, such "general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 23).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an" amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to "grammar schools. by
which it is proposed to amend said ' section to
read as follows: '■ . :» r>" "' "■■" . V V .*■-
Section 6. The public school syst»m*shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, ■ and such
high schools, ■evening' schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or •by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
rhaU be applied exclusively to the support -if
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of ■ school districts,
having, more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter tha agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT gTUMBBR SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Ftate of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution,, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as;
follows:
Section 2. The seFslons of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shal!
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. Ibe Legislature shall then remain
la session for twenty.-flve days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor mere than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, 'the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of . the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of -the
Legislature of th*> State of California, entitled
"An a l to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
Ptate of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval, approved March 7. A. D. ISS3.
the above-described posed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
up p. by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to bo held throughout
this Strife on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D.IS9S.
Th.' said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
word . whereupon the voter may express his"
choice as provided by law: -.".
Amendment Number One. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its- ■
* water works from the provisions of • No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve- : ■.. . .
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? / ' ( .--,
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 ea
(providing for framing local county —
government nets by Inhabitants of-( No
counties for their government). .1
For the Amendment? [
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fi
ate Constitutional Amendment No. I
44 . (providing: for the creation of a |
Court of Claims to determine claims I Yes
act!- • the State, and to consist of-}
three Superior Judges designated by | No
the Governor to serve without extra I
compensation).
For the Amendment? (
Amendment Number Four, being As- :
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities ! Tea
nnd counties, organized or to be or--
panlzed, or holding a charter un- No
gar the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? ■: (_"
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. ■'■■' (relating to office of Governor, Yes
providing for succession thereto in —
certain cases and removing dtsabilty. No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). c ,:;-. I
For the Amendment?* I •
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- f
l,!v Constitutional. Amendment No. 38 Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar-
Schools). No
For the Amendment?" V
Amendment Number Seven, being- As- f
Bembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty- :_■
nor more than sixty days during each : ,-: No
Fesslon). ■ . ■■ ;/■"•■;;'; /■"•■;;' ■ ■-■','■
For : the * Amendment? . , : .
Witness my hand and • the Great Seal of the
State of California, the -day and year herein
ilrst above written.
JAMES ' H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
" [BEAU]
«^vvt/vvvwywwvvvw^vvvvvv\fl£ . '
! WIMmSr . INJECTION." ;<■'■
f A FERMENT CURE |;
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i [ ■"
? and. Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 ■ ,
2 days ;no other treatment required. \ 5
"5 : Sold by alldrugtrfstß.; : -\.  > '
i S/VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVWVVVVVVVY
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
lipls
PRECINCT REGISTRATION.
Office of the Registrar of Voters of the
City and County of San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that the Boards
of Precinct Registration for the general
election to be held on Tuesday, the Bth
day of November, A. D. 1898, will meet
in their respective precincts for the regis-
tration of voters and such other purposes
as are prescribed by law, on "Wednes-
day, August 10, 1898, from 9 o'clock a. m.
until 10 o'clock p. m. daily for five (5)
days, until and Including Monday, August
15. 1898, on which day all registration
closes.
All electors who have not been regis-
tered for said general election are hereby
invited to present themselves for regis-
tration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will
sit as above for the purpose of register-
ing all legal and qualified voters residing
in their precincts who have not regist-
ered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since June 1, 1898.
Any person who has not registered
since June 1, 1898, and fails to register
at the Boards of Precinct Registration
of the precinct In which he resides will
be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with section 21 of the
"Act to Regulate the Registration of
Voters," etc., the following places have
been secured for the sessions of the
Boards of Precinct Registration:
REGISTRATION PLACES.
Election November 8, 1898.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 43o Folsom.
Second Precinct— 2l6 Steuart.
Third Precinct— 4o3 Harrison.
Fourth Precinct — 415 Folsom.
Fifth Precinct— 26G First.
Sixth Precinct— so 3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 62 First.
Eighth Precinct— l3l Second.
Ninth Precinct— ll2A First.
Tenth Precinct— s62 Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— s6 Second.
Twelfth Precinct— 437 Third.
Thirteenth Precinct— 32 Hunt.
Fourteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 24l Third.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4os Third.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 32B Jessie.
Second Precinct— «s Fourth.
Third Precinct— 343 Jessie.
Fourth Precinct— ll4Vi Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— 79l Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 222 Natoma. '
Seventh Precinct— 3l3 Minna.
Eighth Precinct— 7s7B Howard.
Ninth Precinct— Bo4 Folsom.
Teni£._Erecinct— 7l6 Folsom.
Eleventh Precinct— 7s3 Folsom.
Twelfth Precinct— Bo3 Folsom.
Thirteenth Precinct— 4o6 Fourth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 36o Third.
Fifteenth Precinct — 407 Fourth.
Sixteenth Precinct— 424 Third.
Seventeenth Precinct— 493 Fourth.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2sV4 Sixth.
Second Precinct— 36 Sixth-
Third Precinct— loo 6 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— 44o Minna.
Fifth Precinct— lo4o Howard.
Sixth Precinct— 44s Minna.
Seventh Precinct— 9s9 Howard.
Eiphth Precinct— lo9l Howard.
Ninth, Precinct— 2ls Sixth.
Tenth -Precinct— 336 Sixth.
Eleventh Precinct— 327 Sixth.
Twelfth Prerinct— 44l Sixth.
Thirteenth Precinct— 92l Harrison.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4lo Sixth.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 3l Eighth.
Second Precinct— l24B Mission.
Third Precinct— l 249 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l 24 Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— l 74 Seventh.
Sixth Precinct— l32B Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 437 Mission.
Kiphth Precinct— 2o4 Ninth.
Ninth Precinct— l23s Howard.
Tenth Precinct— 666 Clementina-
Eleventh Precinct— llll Howard.
Twelfth Precinct— 4B9 Eighth.
Thirteenth Precinct— llfil Folsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2ls Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct — 426 Ninth.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4O7V4 Folsom.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Freclnct— s29 Second.
Second Precinct— 344 Brannan.
Third Precinct— 6oB Third.
Fourth Precinct— sl4 Third.
Fifth Precinct — 452 Brannan.
Sixth Precinct— s3S Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— s2s Sixth.
Eighth Precinct— S3l Bryant.
Ninth Precinct— 7os Brannan.
Tenth Precinct — 504U Ninth.
Eleventh Precinct— l 924 Bryant
Twelfth Precinct— lsl4 Twentieth.
Thirteenth Precinct— lll2 Kentucky.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3ool Twentieth.
Second Precinct— 3o26 Twenty-second.
Third Precinct— 3l42 Twenty-fourth.
Fourth Precinct— 29ll Harrison.
Fifth Prerinct— 29s2 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct— N. W. corner Twenty-
third and Alabama.
Seventh Precinct— 23os Bryant.
Eighth Precinct— 27o2 Twenty-fourth,
Ninth Precinct— l3o6 San Bruno.
Tenth Precinct— lsol Twentieth.
Eleventh Precinct— So7 Twenty-second.
Twelfth Precinct— N. W. corner Twen-
ty-second and Michigan.
"Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Railroad aye.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o6 Railroad ay«.
Fifteenth Precinct— l4ll Railroad aye,
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l6l2>4 Folsom.
Second Precinct— l 34 Eleventh.
Third Precinct— lssl Market.
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
Fifth Precinct— lß4S Mission. i
Sixth PreHnct— l7l3 Mission.
Seventh Precinct— lW9 Folsom.
Eighth Precinct— l Sos Howard. r>
Ninth Precinct— lB4S Howard.
Tenth Prerinct— 3o93 Sixteenth.
Eleventh Preoinct--U2 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— so 6 Valencia.
Thirteenth Precinct— 2l23 Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 29ls Sixteenth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2SSo Sixteenth.
Sixteenth Precinct— SE. corner Nine-
teenth and Shotwell.
Seventeenth Precinct— 2239 Mission.
Eighteenth Precinct— B2s Valencia,
Nineteenth Precinct— B4B Valencia.
Twentieth Precinct— 9l4 Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— 33ol Nineteenth.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
Fir«t Precinct— 37B7 Twenty-fourth.
Second Precinct— 3449 Twenty-second,
Third Precinct— l 344 Valencia-
Fourth Precinct— 94s Guerrero.
Fifth Precinct— .l62B Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 273." Mission.
Seventh Precinct— 32o4 Twenty-fourth.
Eighth Precinct— l4l6 Valencia.
Ninth Prerinct— 33l6 Mission.
Tenth Precinct— soo Precita avenue.
Eleventh Precinct— 3lsl Mission.
Twelfth Precinct— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 36Bl Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct — 4511 Mission.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 42o6 Seventeenth.
Second Precinct— 226 Noe.
Third Precinct— 2l3 Church.
Fourth Precinct 3439 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— 392 Dolores.
Sixth Precinct— so 6 Church.
Seventh Precinct— s24 Castro.
Eighth Precinct— N. E. corner Nine-
teenth and Castro.
Ninth Precinct— 94o Sanchez.
Tenth Precinct— 36o7 Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 3B4s Twenty-fourth.
Twelfth Precinct— Bll Alvarado.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3lo Castro.
Fourteenth Precinct — JO9 Clipper.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2s Twenty-eighth.
Sixteenth Precinct— N. W. corner Valley
and Church.
Seventeenth Precinct— 43o4 Twenty-flYst.
Eighteenth Precinct— S. E. corner X and h
Tenth avenue.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 9 Thirtieth.
Twentieth Precinct— l 2-14 French.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. W. corner I
Ocean avenue and San Jose road.
Twenty-second Precinct— 9 Plymouth
avenue.
ADVEBTISEMENTEL .
THIRT --SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DIS*
■ TRICT. '
First Precinct— 3B7 Hayes. ;.;
Second Precinct— Market.
Third Precinct— Page.
Fourth Precinct— E. corner Page and
Octavia. : .' . r •~- ■ ■■ m
Fifth Precinct— <7s Hayes. ' :
Sixth Precinct— €o7 Laguna. ' , , :.
Seventh Precinct— Laguna. •
Eighth Precinct— 2lo Lily avenue. . '
Ninth Precinct— 2ls3 Market.
Tenth Precinct— llB Fillmore. j
Eleventh Precinct— 4s6 Haight. !
Twelfth Precinct— Buchanan. '£**?}
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o6 Fillmore. '» , .
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Haight. * v ..
Fifteenth Precinct— Devisadero. *>
Sixteenth Precinct— 4l6 Devisadero. v
Seventeenth Precinct— l 399 Haight. ■ \
Eighteenth Precinct— 323 Devisadero.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3o3^4 Broderlck.
Twentieth Precinct— l 929 Oak. .
Twenty-first Precinct— S. B. cornet
Haight and Stanyan. ■ V'-v-" •
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT. ■;.- *:-J^r>:
First Precinct— 7o2 Turk.
Second Precinct— €o6 McAllister. " «
Third Precinct-647 McAllister. , •*>
Fourth Precinct— 337 Fulton. v
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister. * ,
Sixth Precinct— l27o Eddy. -" -^
Seventh Precinct— Ellis. •'-:- ' m-
; Precinct— l 344 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llo6 Golden GateavenxHU-
Tenth Precinct— Bl7 Laguna.
Eleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— ls7l Turk.
Thirteenth Precinct— l** Stelner.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk. ■' ■• v
Sixteenth Precinct— l4B4 Fulton. .
Seventeenth Precinct— Golden Gate/
avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— McAllister.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIB*
TRICT.
First Precinct— Hayes.
Second Precinct— l3l Larkln.
Third Precinct— 36 Grove.
Fourth Precinct— Golden Gateaveno*.;
Fifth Precinct— 3l2 Golden Gate aye.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy. -..-';
Seventh Precinct— so 2 Ellis. *
Eighth Precinct— 63s Ellis.
;;inth Precinct— 3o7 Larkln.
Tenth Precinct— Larkln.
Ele\enth Precinct— Eddy.
Twelfth Precinct— 7o2 Larkln.
Thirteenth Precinct— 42l Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— S. E. CornerGearJ!
and Leavenworth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 796A Geary.
Sixteenth Precinct— lo32 Sutter. x
Seventeenth Precinct— Bo2 O'Farrell. -
Eighteenth Precinct— loos Post. ,i\
Nineteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk. "»
Twentieth Precinct— l4s2 California.
Twenty-first Precinct— ls2l California. .
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l 629 Pine.
Second Precinct— Bush.
Third Precinct— l 669 Post.
Fourth Precinct— l6o2 Laguna.
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Laguna.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2oo7% Fillmore.
Eighth Precinct— l9o4 Fillmore.
Ninth Precinct— l6l9 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— l62s Fillmore. ■
Eleventh Precinct— l7o3 Devisadero.
Twelfth Precinct-2002 Devisadero.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— 222B Geary.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2s33 Sutter.
Sixteenth. Precinct-2903 Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l Central avev
Eighteenth Precinct-1209 Point LoboiL !
Nineteenth Precinct— N. W. cornea*
Ninth and Point Lobos avenues.
Twentieth Precinct— Point Lobos.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT- j
First Precinct— l4ls Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde, *;• .-.-■;•
Third Precinct— l9os Hyde.. i
Fourth Precinct— Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Pacific* avenue. ;
Sixth Precinct-1606 Pacific avenua.
Seventh Precinct— l7oS Polk.
Eighth Precfnct-2029 Pacific avenua
Ninth Precinct-2322 Fillmore.
ife^t^PreclnaiVff^rner OeUvto
an Twe 1 i r fth n Pre C c h inct-^Ol% Webster.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 942 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct-2515 Fillmore (rear).
Fifteenth Precinct— Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— 2926A Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 293l Washington.
Eighteenth Precinct— 27ss Greenwich.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3647 Sacramento.
-SECOND ASSEMBLY ;DI 3 •
 ■:--: ~-r: TRICT. : "■■
First ■ Precinct-131 Turk
Second Precinct-^24 Taylor.
Third Precinct— l 37 Taylor.
Fourth Preclnct-317% O'FarrelL
Fifth Precinct— 3lo O'Farrell.
Sixth Precinct— sBl Geary.
5 Seventh Preclnct-606 Post.
Eighth Pracinct— Pine.
H ?r^in C c^ 2^ CC c rr o a amr nt Pin. and
Clay
Twelfth Precinct— Pacific
Thirteenth Precinct— lo26 Hyde.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— Broadway.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
' First Precinct— 9 Eddy. •' ■" -^i -;-
Second Precinct— PowelL
Third Precinct— 392 Geary.
Fourth Precinct— 222 Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— sos Sutter.
Seventh Precinct— 3o7 Grant avenu* :
Eierhth Precinct— B22 California-
Ninth Precinct— 4o3 Dupont. j vr: $/
Tenth Precinct— 44l Bush. » ,
Eleventh Precinct— 649 Broadway.
Twelfth Precinct— 926 Washington, S
Thirteenth Precinct-1024 Clay. (
Fourteenth Precinct— Mason.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway. •-
Second Precinct— soo Broadway. ■
Third Precinct— ls39 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l6lo Stockton. -♦ ;;.*
Fifth Precinct— l72o Stockton. £ •., ■ .
Sixth Precinct— 2o6 Francisco. >
Seventh Precinct— 6o4 Lombard.
Eighth Precinct— Powell.
Ninth Precinct— 72B Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— i. ilbert.
Eleventh Preclnct-629 Union.
Twelfth Precinct— Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct— 722 Lombard.
Fourteenth Precinct— N. W. cornet
Broadway and Jones.
Fifteenth Precinct— 93s Filbert.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
First Precinct— 2B Trinity.
Second Precinct— 332 Bush. .
Third Precinct — 123 Leidesdorff.
Fourth Precinct — 647 Merchant.
Fifth Precinct— Montgomery avenue*
Sixth Precinct— lo9 Jackson. . ■
Seventh Precinct— llo Drumm. -■' ?i -i/-i:.:
Eighth Precinct — 404 Drumm. >. ' -
Ninth Precinct— 33o Broadway,
Tenth Precinct— Broadway. '• ]jc.
Eleventh Precinct— 7ls% Davis, - " »
Twelfth Precinct— 343 A Union. ■-£► v- t
W. J.~BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters.'
THE WEEKLY CALL
of It Publishes the Cream off th*
2 News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND .
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
oS PAPER ON TMB
*J PACIFIC COAST
5 — v /—"/ — "
3 The Best X / Mining
Telegraphic \^f . News That
°\ Service on S\ ''■ Is Accurate
o< The Coast / \& up to data
J/ \ -
01 Not a Line of it Sensational
gj or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean. A Champion of
: *"j Thoughtful. Truth.
Z) 4 CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPU .
2 ALL THE TIME.
3 fTAOVOUTI* i SENT BY
n HOME MA!LTSI.3» -
©< INDUSTRIES L- A YUt
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. .
' Bllver'a fraction off.
Wheat doing better again.
Barley continues to improve.
Corn firmly held.
. Oats and Rye dull.
" Large shipment of Flour to China. .
• Hay steady. Feedstuffs unchanged-
Wool remains quiet. •
Hides unchanged.'
Potatoes and' Onions steady.
Tomatoes advanced. .
Butter advanced again.
Cheese firm. Eggs -dieter.
Another car of. Eastern Poultry In.
Bartlett Pears continue weak. \
Other Fruits unchanged. ./
Dried Fruits very stiff. '■
Hogs continue to weaken.
Provisions still dull.
Rice unchanged. .
Sixteen failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 16
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday, as
compared with 9 for the previous week and 15
for the corresponding week of 1597. The fail
ures for the past 1 week are divided among the
trades as follows: 2 bakeries, 2 furniture, 2
paints etc.. l cattle dealer, 1 carpets, 4 liquors,
harness. 1 wholesale upholstery supplies, 1
planing mill, 1 tean^ter. ■
WEATHER REPORT.
n^'th Meridian— racine iime.j
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 5. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day for the Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka. €4: Fresno,- 9C;'Los Angeles. 80; Red
Bluff. &2; Independence, 90; San Diego. 70; Sac
ramento, 7-: San Luis Obispo, 72: Tuma, 100 ;
. San Francisco temperature: Maximum. b2;
minimum, 02; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of low pressure still remains central
In Nevada, while the high pressure Is reported
from the California coast. Cloudy weather pre
vails along: the Northern California coast and
In Utah and Arizona. A thunder storm is In
progress at Carson City. Unsettled weather
conditions will continue throughout Nevada,
ITtah and Arizona Saturday, in which section,
scattered- thunder' showers are likely to occur.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, August 6. IS3S:
-Northern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Generally fair Saturday,
except partly cloudy in the mountains; fresh
Bouthwrst wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday; cooler at
■Winnemucca.
• Cloudy and probably occasional thun- .
der storms Saturday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday: probably
with thunder storms in the mountain region.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Saturday: .brisk southwest wind.
Special" report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at " p_ Clear; wind southwest, 5 miles an
hour; temperature., 06; maximum. 89.
W. 11. MAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.- The stream of specu
lation and Investment money continued to pour
Into stocks and bonds to-day without Interrup- j
tion. Prices throughout the list were lifted
• sharply. The profit-taking movement which I
has been a drag on the leading industrials for i
several days past was apparently ended to-day, |
end the bean who sold these stocks early, on
the asumption that realizing was still in prog- ;
ress were glad to buy back later. The result i
vas to bring the Industrials into the general j
current of the market, which moved upward I
•with a tidal sweep. The railroads themselves '.
. were unsettled at the opening and most of the
leading stocks declined HS'.i before the upward j
movement of prices set in. The opening weak- I
ness was in sympathy with London, and the I
. quickness with which it was overcome was a j
striking evidence of the independence of the j
local exchange. Th?re was quit;; a serious dis- j
position to sell both In London and Farts on i
reported friction between Russia end Great '
Britain and there was quite urgent selling here '•
for London account, but the supply of Ameri- ]
can securities .abroad has been bo far reduced j
In the past year that the disposition of foreign j
holders to buy and sell has much less influence ;
than formerly. The aggressive buying which I
has. been noticed in Wall street for several
days quickly turned prices upward and gained
In volume on the advance. Burlington contin- ;
ued to be the leader and scored an extreme ad- :
vance of 2*4. The other Grangers came next !
In point of importance and the Pacific roads
and their connections followed, with quite a'
list of lesser stocks trailing on to the move- ,
ment- A marked feature of the trading was !
the large individual blocks of stock which were !
taken at the opening figures. Quite a number
of the speculative leaders showed single trans
actions of 1000 shares or upward at the high
prices of the day. There was some disposition i
to realize In the last hour, but a decline of a :
fraction quickly reduced the market to dull- ■
ness. .The market was remarkably broad and i
brought Into, activity during the day many ;
long-dormant stocks. Dealings in bonds were I
■not on as large a scale as yesterday, but were j
large and well distributed and carried prices i
vigorously upward all through the list. Total j
sales, 14.945.U00. United States old 4's regis- I
tered advanced : , and the 3's. when issued,
declined Vs in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 182,400 shares.
Including: Atchli preferred, 8365; C. and < >.. !
8015; Burling! 33.7>-.S; Louisville and Nash- I
ville, 6224; Manhattan, 15.030; New York Cen
tral, 4400; Northern Pacific, 21,414; do preferred, ■
18.040; Rock Island, 2000; Union Pacific. 6120; ';
St. Paul, 31,030; Southern preferred. 6251; Union :
Pacific preferred, 24,128; Spirits. 0400; Tobacco, !
6520: People's Gas, 7210; Pacific Mail, 3775; Su- i
gar, 27.708; T. C. and 1.. 9675; Rubber, 16,734; do
preferred, 5567. * :
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13?; St P & Om 84
Do prefd 35 Do prefd 153
Baltimore & Ohio 15 St P M & M 161%
Canada Pacific .. 83% Bo Pacific 20
Canada Southern. 63% So Railway 8% I
Central Pacific .. 16 Do prefd 32^
Ches & Ohio -- . Texas & Pacific 12%
Chi & Alton ].■-■.•.. Union I'ac prefd. 6jt%
Chi B & Q HIT* V P D ,'.- G 514
Chi & 1C 111 67% Wabash 7%
C '■ C & St L.... 41"« Do prefd 19%
Do prefd 84 Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson,... 107^4 Do prefd 12%
Pel L & W 180 Express Companies—
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 103
Do prefd 60% American Ex 135 j
Erie (new) ]::', United States 41
Do Ist nrefd.... 35% Wells Fargo IIS
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor prefd 131 U A Cot Oil 27* i
Hocking Valley... 4% Do prefd S2'-i
Illinois Central .. 107% Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. li Do prefd 38%
Do prefd 71% Am Tobacco 127%
Lake Shore 196 Do prefd ISOVi
• Louis & Nash .'}'- People's Gas ... 100 *
Manhattan L 107% Cons Gas 199
Wet "St Hy 157 Com Cable C 0..... 170
Mich Central 107% Col F & Iron 20
Minn & St L 2S^ Do prefd .... C 5
Do Ist prefd 89 Gen Electric 40>4
Mo Pacific 36% Illinois Steel M
Mobile & Ohio 26H Lnclede Gas 53«
Mo X & T... 11 ! 4 Lead 371J
Do prefd 3»vfc Do prefd 109%
Chi Ind & L 10 Nat Lin Oil . 6
Do prefd 31^ Pacific Mail 31V.
X J Central '.<1' 4 "ulln Palace... r..l'.
X V Central n:' : 4 Silver Certificates f,su
X V Chi A.- St L.. 13 Stand HAT ■ ."H
Do Ist prefd — CO Sugar 13894
Do 2d prefd .... 37 Do prefd 114' i
Nor 'West 14% T C & Iron.. '.--.
No-Araw C 0..... 6% V s Leather .... V,'.
No Pacific ''■■■■: Do prefd ggu
Do prefd 78*4 V S R>ibr>er. . 33& i
Ontario &■ \V 16% Do nrefd !><!%
Or R & Nay 52 West Union ..... <,?,u.
Or Short Line.... 28 C A X W . 134 "
Pit.tsburg 17') : Do nrfd ; 176%
Beading IS St L& 8 W.! 4 "
Do Ist nrefd — 42% Do Drefd .... 14
Rock Island ... 99% I R G"W ' ■>.•■
Ft Louis & SF.. 7% Do prefd ...."" 56%
Do Ist T> fd.... K4 Ch| G W ." \v-~.
. Do 2d prefd.... SOU 1 Haw Com Co "-,'..
Bt Paul 10L-; Brooklyn n T RB%
Do prefd I.'L':.. Union. Pac Com.. 26U
CLOSING BOND&
TJ S new 4s rejr.. 12^ : ■. V.IC 5s 112U !
Do coup 12SM V Carolina 6.« 125 i
V S4s 112% Do js io3u !
Do coup 112 \". l' <- Ist. ll'it
Do 2d's 97 Do 3s ... ' ' fi4??
D S 5s reg 113 Do 4r, '" 100U
■Do 6s- coup 113 N YC & St L - 107
District 3. 60s 118% Nor & W 65... ' 121
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn ens 1411*
Do B 100 Dp deb Es US
Do C 98 O Nay tats 112
Do Currency ... 90 ■> Nay 4s ggu
Atchison- 48 95* 1 S Line 8s tr...."125
Do ad.l 4s 72% O H Line r, s tr.... 106*
Can Bo 2ds 110% Pacific 6s of 95.... 102' i
•Chi Term 4s SS Reading 4s gnZ
C & Ohio Ds 114^4 R <; \V lsts. g»u
C H & D 4 Vi5.... 104% it L & I M C .'■ 100 "
D & R G Ists Il(Wt st L ,<;. R V a to. 119
1) & R O 4s 96' St 1' Con ir,v,
East Term lsts.. 105% St P C & P lsts.. IIS
Erie Gen 75 Do :. s 118
FW & D I«ts tr. 74 So Railway .'5.... 97%
Gen Ei»c tie 105* Stand R & T 65.. 70
GH*S AG« 104 Term new set 35.. 92
Do 2ds 105 Tex P I. q Ist! . 107
H & T C 5a 110 Do Rg 2ds 42%
Do con 6s 11l Union Pac 43.... SSV4
lowa C lsts 10»% V P D & O lsts.. 76Vi
Ivi new cons 45.. 103 Wab Ist 5s 11l
L & N 45.... 91 Do 2da 80
Missouri 6s 102 W Shore 4s 110
M X & T 2ds 63% Va Centuries 72%
Do 4b 90% Do deferred .... 5
N T Central Ist*. *!•>
MINING^ STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario .;• 2 75
Crown Point 11 Ophlr IS
Con Cal & Va .... 35 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 25
• Gould & Curry... 07 Do prefd 300
Hale & Xoreross. 60 i Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake ... 45 00 1 Standard 160
Iron Silver, ;...... 70 Union Con IS
Mexican iO'Yellow Jacket ... *15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . Do nref d 65
Call loans 2 03 Boston L 66V4
Time loans 2\@4 Gen Elec nrefd... 95
Stocks— Atchlson prefd .. 35%
A T & S F 13% E E 111 185
Amer Sugar ..... IZS% Bonds-
Do prefd 113 Atchison 4s M
Bay State Gas... 2 Mining Shares-
Hell Telephone.... 275 Allouez Mm Co.. 4%
Boston & Albany. 227 Atlantic 27V4
Boston & Maine.. 103 Boston & Mont... 20714,
Chi Bur & Q 112 Butte & Boston.. 25%
Fitchburg 103^ Calumet & Hecla. 573
Gen Electric 40VA Centennial 14%
Illinois Steel 59 Franklin 13
Mexican Central.. 4% Osceola 49
N V & New Eng. 95 Quincy 113
Old Colony 192 Tamarack 157
Rubber 394 Wolverine ........ «H
Union Pacific .... 24V* Parrott 22V4
West End 86' Old Dominion 2614
Westlnghouse El. 27%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK, Aug. s.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant in tone and dull
to-day on Chinese political matters, which
caused a fall In consols. Spanish securities
kept fairly good on the peace prospects.
Americans have been easier In sympathy with
other markets, but closed good. It Is generally
bellved that nothing serious will come of the
political situation, which, however. Is admitted
to be. rather critical.
Canadian Tactile, 86%; Grand Trunk. 7%;
bar silver, 27 3-18 d per ounce; money, V 4 Per
cent.
PARIS, Aug. 6.— Spanish four* closed at
42.20.
FINANCIAL, REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Auk. s.—Bradstreefa5 .— Bradstreefa financial
review to-morrow will say: Peace negotiations
and the tetter outlook for the corn crop, re
sulting frum rains at the West, have brought
a change in speculative conditions. The stock
market has boon broader and shows the pres
f increased public participation. Prices
have tended to advance and though the indus
trial securities bore an Important part in the
week's movements renewed attention has been
paid to the railroad share list and the grangers
stocks have resumed their position of leader
ship. Bonds have been active and strung.
Governments showing a decided disposition to
advance. The new 3 per cent war bonds are
the object of a decided buying demand aud
touched 106*4, while other classes of United
securities have been higher. In the
railroad bond list the advances have been
marked, an investment demand resulting In a
new price record for many of the bonds of
reorganised roads like ICrie, Atchison and
Northern Pacific, while speculative purchases
have helped values for the cheap low grade
I-rf'ndnn hae not been an Important fac
tor, and though sentiment there Is favorable,
eras sume foreipn selling on the advances
here. It might be noted that the chief effect
of the peace prospects on the market abroad
would not cause the rapid advance in the price
of J?].anieh 4s, which touched 42 In London,
while »t Madrid the gold premium fell to 67.
The beginning of gold Importations produced
little impression, owing to the plethora of
money, and far more significance has b»en at
tached by the market to the present outlook
for an average yield of corn. This is reflected
by the decided strength of the securities of
porn-carrying railroads an.l the reappearance
of reports concerning increase of dividends or
th.-ir resumption by a number of companies.
At the sime time the revived activity of the
railroad lint has been partly at the expense
of the industrials. Some of the latter group,
which have been tho objects of bullish manipu
lation, fhnwol a disposition to loso part of
their recent advances.
BANK CLEARh,t!S.
I NEW YORK, Aug. i..— The following table, j
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear- |
j ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ending
j August 4. with the percentage of Increase and
! decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
; Cities— . Inc. ; Dec.
New York $ 723.526.069 23.9
Boston 99,339,469 11.3
Chicago 70.193.563 .... 6.0
I Philadelphia 63.901.637 11.6 —
: St. Louis 23.612,092 .... 3.1
i Pittsburg 17.sr-5.409 .... 4.9
Baltimore 16.201.950 .... 10.4
San Francisco 14.563.606 5.1 —
Cincinnati 10.963.750 .... 4.2
Kansas City 10.313.543 17.9
New Orleans 6,223.157 2.5 ....
Minneapolis 6,426.898 .... 9.7
Detroit 7,436.873 20.4, ....
Cleveland 7.922.103 30.2 .... I
Louisville 7.097,250 .... 4.9 \
Providence 4,642,200 .... 4.5
I Milwaukee 4. 080 .... 6.9
! Si Paul 3,003.201 27.9
Buffalo 3.710,194 .... 11.5
Omaha 5.653.491 28.8 ....
Indianapolis C.684,164 21.6 ....
Columbus, 0 3.r,t;t,700 .... 1.5
Savannah 1.986,240 28.9 ....
I Denver 3.066,497 13.8 ....
Hartford 2.486.753 12.2
1 JUchmond 2.295.197 3.3
! Memphis 1,010.212 T. 6
i Washington .1.385.988 .... 2.1
Peoria 1.470.202 .... T. 9
Rochester 1.337,129 ....
New Haven 1,334,686 .... 16.2
Worcester 1.470. .... 2.8
Atlanta 1.056,633 .... 8.6
Salt Lake City 1,942,380 24.8 ....
Springfield. Mass. 1.493.098 29.0
Fort Worth 1,364,968 28.4 ....
Portland. Me 1,481,417 . 5.9 ....
Portland. Ore 1.505.560 44.4 ....
St Joseph 2,821.911 139.5
Los Angele3 1,149,000 .... 1.6
Norfolk J23.947 .... 3.0
Syracuse 925.072 ....
Dcs Moir.es 953,216 .... 4.8
Nashville 536.470 25.8
Wilmington, Del... 753.052 8.7
Fall River 6*9,896 2.C
Scranton 801,445 14.4 ....
Grand Rapids 859.426 10.5 ....
Augusta, Ga 442.44*. .... 8.7
Lowell 578,261 .... 7.8
Dayton 0 743.403 26.8 ....
Seattle 1,134.513 21.5
Tacoma 708,023 66.5 ....
i Spokane 697.452 .... 4.5
Sioux City 591.118 32.5
New Bedford 434,478 16.7
Knoxvllle, Term.... 455.946 16.9 ....
Topeka 472,743 8.5 ....
Birmingham 314,517 4.6 ....
Wichita 333.3(6
liinghamton 364.900 .... 6.6
Lincoln 275,684 .... 4.1
I,exington. Ky 432. 8.9
Jacksonville, Fla... ISO. 933 6.4
Kalamazoo 263.334 .... 12.3
Akron 443,400 91.1
Bay City 205.903 26.3 ....
Chattanooga J58.W0 21.7 —
Kockford, 11l 147,888 7.3 ....
Canton. O '..... 186.919 23.1
Springfield, 0 158,463 4.6
i Fargo. N. D 153.931 126.3
Sioux alls, S. D. 98.570 76.0
Hastings, Neb 110.993 7.8 —
Fremont. Neb 74,161 .... ....
Davenport 934. 352 31.0
Toledo 1.991,367 .... 9.2
•Galveston 5.343.300 42.4 ....
•Houston 8,988,764 4.4
Youhgstown 298,113 73.2
•♦Helena 606,480
♦•Macon 339.000 ....
••Evansville ...... 637,683
Totals, U. S 11,187,613,574 3.9
Totals outside
New York 461,813,505 . 2.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal * 13.656.643 ....
Toronto 7.443,896 13.7
Winnipeg .." 1.248.866 .... 19.5
Halifax 1,414,593 5.9
Hamilton &.5.587 7.5 ....
St. John, N. B 684.34 a .... 1.7
Totals 1 25.136,949 12.2
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
••Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Prospects of peace stimulate many kinds of
business. In spite of records the impression
prevails that delay and hesitation have legiti
mately resulted from war and larger contracts
are In fact coming forward for Iron products
and a general better demand In most indus
tries. The vcriome of payments through all
clearing-houses was the largest ever known
in July, being 8 per cent larger than. In 1892
for the month and for the past week 11.7 per
cent ' larger. Most Industrial works have re
eunied after a shorter vacation, with fewer
participating than usual. A few labor troubles
call attention to the fact that this season has
been remarkably free from such hindrances.
In spite' of a promise of 700,000,000 bushels of
wheat this year the price Is 2V4c higher for the
week. The disposition of farmers to hold back
their wheat for prices more like those ob
tained recently accounts for smaller receipts
than last year but exports. Including flour,
were 3,64i;647 bushels, against 2,530.725 for the
same week last year, and for five weeks of the
crop year 12,474,839 bushels, against 9,873,192
last year.
A rather better demand for staple cotton
goods i lea not relieve the overproduction on
the print cloths and goods are practically un-
hanged in price. Western stiffness In holding
wool and the new English wool paper drifting
this way and largely refused Indicate another
attempt to tire out the manufacturers, who
are actually offering- worHted wool 4@sc below
asking prices and buying scarcely any. Sev
eral mills have closed for the time rather than
pay the prices asked for wool. . . •.■'-.■
The Iron manufacture has very nearly, If not
quite, resumed its full production, except In
the valleys, where Bessemer producers are
closing In turn under agreement to force prices
upward. • While there has been large buying,
,one Pittsburg steel concern, with ail its fur
naces at work, taking 5000 tons more, the
price there does not change as yet, . nor does
local pip at Chicago, although with much bet
ter buying, one Southern concern advancing Its
price 25 per cent. not change as pig nor risen
1 pig at Chicago, although with much bet
buying, one Southern concern advancing its
c J.i p'-r cent. lx>\v phosporus pig has risen
&c at Philadelphia, with better demand but
unchanged prices far. other grades. • The de
mands for . rails Include bids for next, winter
and next year, a Chicairo sale of 4000 tons for
SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
Japan and Eastern sales of 9000 tons for Amer
ican roads, 5000 for Prince Edward Island n^xt
year and 24,000 tons deliverable In three years
for Mexico. Plates are in unprecedented de
mand, both East and West, and structural
works are full, with likrge contracts coming
forward in all sections. Bars are bo much
stronger that many mills refuse less than $1
for Iron, though steel bars sell largely at 90c.
Failures for the week have been 196 In the
United tSates, against 237 last year, and 21 in
Canada, against 29 last year.
BRADSTRKET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will cay: The stimulating influences of the
apparently near approach of peace, coupled
with the generally expected effects it is hoped
will float from the opening up of new markets
In the lands added to the national domain,
seem to increase as the summer wanes. That
the improvement, while as yet admittedly one
largely of sentiment, is not seriously confined
however, is proven by reports of a still fur
ther Increase In the distribution of staple goods
In the West. Northwest and Southwest, where
the excellent crop situation has rendered harm
less the supposed benumbing effects of war.
So far as the crop situation Is concerned, the
past week furnishes not the least notable con
tribution of the year in reports coming from
the great surplus corn producing States of
beneficial rains, checking a detonation which
threatened material damage to this most widely
grown and Intrinsically valuable of the
country cereals. While the tendency gener
ally Is to concede some diminution in the corn
yield as a result of the recent drought, the
steadiness of the price of that cereal bears wit
ness to the willingness of the trade to believe
that some falling off in this year's yield can be
safely permitted, in view of the bumper crops
of recent years. Another encouraging feature
of the week has b^en the perceptible growth In
Etrength of the iron and steel situation, partly
as the result, it is claimed, of the hoped for ap
proaching close of hostilities, but partly also as
the result of an active demand on foreign ac
count for nearly all forms of these metals.
Particularly notable Is the demand, more es
pecially In the central West, for Iron for im
plement manufactures and for steel rails and
plans for export, or for domestic shipbuilding.
Firmness in prices is a feature of particular
Interest, In view of the enormous production of
pig Iron early in the year, ami apparently re-
Ilects the going Into consumption of most of
this Immense production, leaving stocks gen
erally within controllable limits.
Encouraging export demand for our cereals.
Xt-eat steadiness of prices, largest recorded mid
summer bank clearings and fairly encouraging
railroad earnings, notwithstanding the willing
ness of farmers to accept cereal values, are ad
ditional encouraging features of trade at the
present time..
Prices are quite generally firmer, tending up
ward, in pplte of the midsummer quietness in
many lines of trade. An a result, of operations
in July. 32, or about one-third of all staples,
advanced In value; 27 declined, while 44 re
mained steady or unchanged. Advances in
many cereals, except wheat and flour, live
beeves and hogs, a number of provisions, dairy
products and groceries, most raw textiles ex
cept cotton; petroleum, rubber, alcohol, opium
and quinine are features of me month's oper
ations. Important dpcreases, aside from that
in wheat, are found in some makes of Iron and
steel, some other metals and in building lum
ber. Compared with August one year ago 66
out of 104 staples are higher; 29 are lower, and
9 are unchanged, so that It may be said that,
compared with a year ago, there have been
more than two advances ror every decline re
ported.
Business failures In th« United Sfcates are at
the minimum, numbering 3*3, identical in num
ber with those of last w^ek, but compared with |
214 In this week a year ago; 248 in 18%, 209 In |
1895, and 197 In 1894. Canadian failures num
ber 23 against 31 last week, 41 in this week a
year ago; 35 in 1896; 31 in 1896 and 40 In 1894.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— Fl^OT'R— Receipts. 15.
251 barrels; exports, 11.574 barrels; sale?, 50C0
peckagres; Btronjfer, but Is not quotahly higher,
as demand is ll^ht.
WHEAT — Receipts, 42,650 bushels; exports,
210,662 bushels; spot strong. No. 2 red, 77**
f o. b. afloat, export grade to arrive. Options
showed positive strength all day. Reflecting
the continued shrinkage In Western receipts,
a good cash wheat inquiry at all points, for
eign buying and higher cables, prices held
strong throughout the session, and closed 7 *ir
l'nc net advance. No. 2 red September, 71%@
72% c; closed 72% c.
HOPS—
\\ O' '1,- Dull.
METALS— Operations on the metal exchange
are still conducted on rather narrow lines,
although the general feeling Is steady.
PIGIKON— At the close to-day warrants
called dull and unchanged, with 16 65 bid and
iS 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at 111 50.
TlN— Unchanged, with $15 S5 bid and $15 90
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $3 90 bid and $3 97%
asked. The firm naming the settling price for .
leading "Western miners and smelters continues
to quote lead at $3 SO.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 50 bid and
*-. 60 asked.
COFFEE — Options steady at the close, with
s@lo points net higher. Bales 11,000 bags. In
cluding September, $5 50. Spot Rio quiet but
steady; No. 7 invoice, 6c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6Vic;
mild fairly active and steady.
I SUGAR — Raw stronger, tending upward.
I Fair refining. 3%c; centrifugal, '56 test. 4%c;
! refined firm and fairly active.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2976 package*; steady.
I Western creamery. 14%ij'-19c; Elgins, 19c; fac
tory. ll@l4c.
EGGS — Receipts, 3146 packages; steady.
Western, 14% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— California dried fruits
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@Bc;
i prime wire trays, 8%#5%0; choice, B%«9o;
fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES— 4@Sc.
APRICOTS— Royal, SH@loc; Moorpark, 10u
12c
PEACHES— 5®8o; peeled, 12@160.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. E.— sharp rally at Liver
pool before the opening here started wheat
higher. The foreign strength was supplemented
by the domestic situation, the principal feature
of the letter being small receipts and conse
quent Inadequacy of supplies for Immediate
shipment East and abroad. Chicago receipts
were 87, against 12-4 last year. Minneapolis
and Duluth, 70 cars, whereas 270 were received
a year ago. The total receipts at Western pri
mary markets were 412,000 bushels, against
847,000 bushels the similar day of last year.
Atlantic port exports were liberal. Such rea
rons were sufficient to account for the lc a
bushel advance in September wheat that re
sulted in the first half of the session. Decem
ber, as it has been doing of late, participated
to only a small extent In the bullishness of
September. A good deal of the short September
"bought In" was resold for the more distant
month. The demand for the scanty offerings
of carload wheat In the sample market was al
together In excess of the supply. The demand
for shipping lots was even more urgent than
It was yesterday and the premium bid over
the September price for immediate shipment
was Be. while Sc premium was bid for ship
ment up to th» end of the month. September
Closed lc higher and December %c.
The strength in wheat and a sharp advance
In the spot article at Liverpool were the lead
ing influences in corn. September closed with
an advance of H#t%c over yesterday.
Oats were firm in sympathy with the other
markets. The close was Me higher for Sep
tember.
The better tone In provisions W4J due to
the strength In grain and higher prices for
hogs at the yards. There was very little prod
uct -for future delivery offered, and that which
did find Its way Into the pit was quickly ab
sorbed at advanced prices. Pork rose 7%c and
lard and ribs 2%c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ■
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat, No. 2—
August 69 70 68% 69
September ......... 67 67% 66% 67*
December 65". 65% •£% 66%
May 67% 67% 67% . 67%
August .'..?.... 7.... 33% 33% 33% 33V4
September 33% 33% 33% 33%
December 33% 3* 33% ; 33%
May 36 36*; 35% 36%
Se?tember°'.. .7..... 21 21% 21 21 Vi
May .:..:. 24 24% 23% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . „. „ M
September 895 9 12% 895 900
October 900 8 02% 900 900
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 5 32% 5 37% 5 32% 6 32%
October 5 37% 6 42% 6 37% 6 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September ......... 520 6 27% 620 6 22%
October 5 22% 530 5 22% 6 27%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@72c; No.
2 red, 70c: No. 2 corn, 33V4W33%c: No. 2 oats.
21%®22c; No. 2 white. 27«528%c: No. 3 white.
«V4@2Bc; No. 2 rye, 45% c: No. 2 barley, 30%@
37% c; No. 1 flaxseed. 91@92c: prime timothy
seed $2 60; mess pork-, per bbl. JS 93ifj9; lard,
per 100 lbs $5 27»4«tr. 30: short ribs sides (looxe).
15 10if{5 45: dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 62%
@4 87%; short clear sides (boxed). $5 60@5JK>.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 5.800 6.400
Wheat, bushels r.i.600 156,800
Corn, bushels 323.000 410.000
Oats, bushels 317,700 178,600
Rye. bushels 16.000 600
Barley/bushels ■ 4,500 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market and Eggs were unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 61.680 31,600
Duluth '•• ••••• 56,472 18,298
Milwaukee 10,400
Chicago .*... 65,654 156,810
Toledo ••• 83,020 10>.0(W
St Louis •• 09,000 14,000
Detroit .;............ ."• 27,714 21.712
Kansas City •' •• 80.000 74.000
Totals 394,440 425,450
Tidewater — - *."■.-:
Boston ........' . 9.955
New York 42.5",0 210.663
Philadelphia ..1,095 2,999
Baltimore 69,056 230,403
New Orleans .......
Galveston 2.". 300
Totals .....;... 137.901 454.110
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. , Dec.
Opening ......„.' 5 8% 6 EV4
Closing ". 5 9% 5 6Vi
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— " Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 47 M) 43 95
Closing 48 80 4*40
- Flour-
Opening 20 70 20 50
Closing 20 65 20 70
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. S.— CATTLE— was a
moderate demand for cattle to-day and prices
ruled steady. Choice steers, $5 25@5 CO; medi
um, $4 80<@>5 25; beef steers, $4 OOfg'4 75; stock
ers and feeders, $3 00@4 75: bulls, $2 50@4 25;
cows and heifers, $3 00@4 20; calves, $2 75®3 00;
fed western steers, $4 25<S'-5 30; Texans, $2 50®
4 50.
Hogs were In good demand and averaged 2Hc
higher. Fair to choice, $3 8504 00; packers, $3 60
@3 82H; butchers, $3 65Q3 92Vi: mixed, $3 60®
3 67H; light, $3 60<?3 90; pigs, $2 00(fj3 90.
Sheep ruled steady. Prime lambs sold at an
advance of 15c. Native sheep, $3 WQi 50; west
ern range, $3 85@4 35: ewes. $3 255i3 50; rams,
$2 25^3 60; prime lambs, $6 &0; common, $4 00®
4 25; yearlings, $4 7E'<fs 00.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 21,000; sheep,
7000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. s.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500. Market steady to strong. Native steers,
J3 50i0>5 25; cows and hPlfers. $1 00@5 00; stock
ers and feeders, $2 5005 00; bulls, $3 oO@3 85.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market steady to Cc
higher, active. Bulk of sales. $3 5553 80; heav
ies, $3 65<g3 85; packers. $3 ZV33 SO; mixed, $3 50
ig3 75; lights, $3 4608 65; yorkers, $3 60®-3 65;
pigs, $3 40-53 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, I<VQ. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 00©6 00; muttons. $2 6004 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. P.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1800.
Market active, steady. Native beef steers,
$5 20£?5 35; western steers. $4 0004 70: cows and
heifers, $3 40@4 40; utockers and feeders, $3 80®
4 25; bulls and stags. $2 8004 10.
HOGS- Receipts. 5200. Market 5d710c higher.
Heavy. $3 700] 80; mixed. $3 7003 72MiI lights,
$3 8603 72*; bulk of sales, 3 TOO 3 78%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14no. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 5004 10; do westerns, $3 40
©4 00; common, $3 25@8 90; lambs. H 00(g6 00.
DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. 5 —CATTLE— Receipts. 1000.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 50@4 70; cows.
$3 00®4 00; feeders, freight to river, $3 75<f?4 00:
stockers. do, $3 So@4 50; bulls and ftags, $2 50®
3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market 10c higher, firm.
Light packers, $3 6u@3 70; mixed, $3 6553 75;
heavy. $3 60^3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Demand good.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company mad© thn following
sales of California fruit:
BOSTON, Aug. s.— Peaches— Crawford
11209185, average $1 51; Late Crawford $170.
Strawberry $1 60, Mulr $1 40. Plums— Kelsey
Japan $3 30, Purple Duane $1 15@1 60, average
$1 30, Quackenboss $1 30. Bradshaw $1 25, Gros
Prunes $1 55<@2, average $1 80; Bartletts $1 65©
2 15, average $1 91. Weather very stormy. Four
cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 6.— Bartlett Pears
$175. Plums— Egg $1 15@1 50, average 1123;
Purple Duane 90c@$l 25, average $1 OS; Brad-
Fhaw K'.cfisl 35. average 9Cc; Columbia $1 lO'Q)
1 30, average $1 11; Tragedy Prunes 97e, Fal
lenbrg !»3c, German ?l?jl 20, average $1 04;
Hungarian $2 15, Bulgarian 85c. Italian $1 22,
Crawford Peaches $109, Nectarines 65c. Four
cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aug. Bartlett Pears $1 45«?
1 60. average $1 54; Malaga Grapes. $1 51: Craw
ford Peaches, 97c. Plums— Hradnhii.w 630, Egg
$1 01. Fontalnebleau Grapes, 97c. Seven cars
sold.
NEW YORK. Auk. Malaga Grapes $1 40.
Fontalnebl*-au $1 25; Bnrtletta $1 650*2 20, aver
age *2 02. Plums— Wlckson $2 30. Eureka $3.
Grand Duke $2 10, Columbia Ssc@sl 40, average
95c; Bradshaw t>'i!l 10, average 60c; Kgg
$1 Is@l 40. average 27; Purple Duane 70c<3>
$125. average $101: Washington Soc@sl 20.
average SSc; Tragedy Prunes $1 $001 45, average
$1 34: Italian $1 10, Silver 80c@$l 15, average
$1 06; German Soc@sl, average 96c. Early-
Crawford Peaches $1 Is@l 33, average $1 IS.
Eighteen cars sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— Nectarines. $2 45, sin
gle crate. Plums — Wlckson. $2 30. single crate;
Bradahaw, 90c®$l 90; Japanese, $ltll 80; Egg,
80c(?U 42; Columbia, 75cfr$l 20; other varieties.
70c<g$l 06. Pears — BarUett, $1 T'» / S2 30 box;
Beurre Hardy, ?1 SO; IVurre Clalrgeau. 75c half
box. .Prunes— Oros, $1 490] SO. single crate;
Italian. $1; German. 75c@$l; Tragedy, 85<i?9Oc;
Hungarian, Soa Peaches — White Freestone, 90c
©$1 50; Late Crawford, $1 20@l 30; Early Craw
ford, 65cJi?l 20; Tuscan Clings, $1 IS; Bttsque
hannas. $1 20; Strawberry, $1 15; Foster, $1 10@
1 15. Grapes— Sweetwater, $1 20, single crate.
Eighteen cars cold.
CHICAGO. Aug. s.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 35®
165 box; Beurre Hardy, $1 36. Prunes— Gros,
$1 35@1 65, slnjrle crate; German, $1 25© l 30.
Plums— Egg, $1 oT.@l 35. single crate: Colum
bia, 90o; Bradshaw, Cs@Soc. Six cars sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. s.— Consols. 110 11-16; Silver.
27 3-lCd; French Rentes, 103f 57>4c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, easier; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla, 395;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 5. — Wheat firm; Wheat
in Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Upland?, 3 15-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed nrm; September, ."s
9^; December, is 6>,»d: spot No. 2 red West
ern winter, firm, 6s od; No. 1 red Northern
spring, firm, Cs 6d.
CORN— American mixed, new. firm. Ss 3d:
August. Steady, Sa 2Sd; September, steady, 3s
3%d; October, steady. 3s 4%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 6.— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling, 5 11-16 c.
NEW YORK, Aug. S.— COTTON— Quiet ; mid
dling, 6 l-16c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. B.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, 1207.523, 5C0; gold re
eerve, 1188,486,771.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Aug. B.— Exchanges, $221,575;
balances, 139,677.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Aug. s.— Occasional sales of
wheat for milling purposes and shipment to
Pan Francisco are made at the few cents above
c-xport values, which are about 5Sc for Walla
Walla and Clo for valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. , r ..— Millers offer 64c for club
and 67c for bluestem. Export prices 4c lower.
LOGAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 488
Sterling Cables — 4 56%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ITU
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 46 46&
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market did better yesterday.
This Is the first break In the steady decline
for a lons time and Is due to smaller deliveries
to Eur>*>.\ where prices are hardening- In con-
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 IS%@l 22V4: milling,
$1 30*1 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— December—
2000 ctls $1 24%.
Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 25V4;
2000, $1 25Vi ; 8000. $1 25%. „«„*»,
Regular morning session— December— 2o,ooo
ctls. $1 25%; 12.000. $1 25>i- "v; ;, „„
Afternoon sesatonT-December— looo ctls, $1 25%;
{0,000, $1 2.'. 7 *; 48,000. II 2G.
BARLEY— market continues to Improve
under a better demand.
Feed, $1 2001 22V4: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctis. |1 isu; 2000, II is%:
Second session — sales. •
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 18%- 2000, $1 18%. . JIW . 
Afternoon session — December— 4ooo ctls,
XI 18%
OATS— Fancy Feed. $1 32H per ctl: good
to choice, |1 25(fM SO; common. $11. V4Ol 224;
Surprise. $1 J2',i«*l 35: Gray. 11 22^01 25; mill
ing;. $1 22U.@1 27', per ctl. ....
CORN— Holders m very firm in their views,
but the market shows no Improvement, owing
to the slack demand. Smalt round yellow. $1 25
(ci\ M; Eastern large yellow, sacked. $1 10;
white. $1 i.Vt/1 20: mixed. II 05@l 10 per ctl.
RYE- tIJOjRI 22% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— II 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUB AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 31,855 barrels of
Flour, the largest shipment for some time.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 40®4 50; bakers'
extras. $1 li©4 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— I'rIces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Bye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmea! *3 2f>: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Oroata,
$4 50; Hominy. $3 25(Ti3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
©4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) $5 86ftT, 25; in sacks. $:. 65Cq6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5;" Split Peas, ft S; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of local Hay were comparatively
moderate again, and dealers reported a steady
tone in consequence. Some outside Hay came
In and sold at $11 for Alfalfa and $12 50 for
cheat.
FeedstufTs were the same.
BRAN-sls 5("&lfl per ton.
MIDI'LINGS~SIB<p2O per ton.
FEEDSTVFFP— RoIIed Barley. $25®26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 ©31 60; Job
blng, $52@32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cotton
seed Meal, $2S(g3'i per ton; Cornmeal. »23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $244*24 50.
HAY— The quotations represent California
rope-bound Hay: Wheat. $17<S1S for good and
J;Vil« for lower grades; no choice coming in;
Wheat and Oat, $15517; Oat. $13015 50; Barley.
$14@15; Island hurley. »12 60@14; Alfalfa. *12@
13; Clover, nominal.
STRAW— 6O&Soc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Bears and Seeds show no . change worthy of
note. ' ', , i ■
BEANS— Bayos. $2 7302 90; ' Small Whites.
$2©2 16; Large Whites. *1 90@2; Pinks, $2 50®
2 60; Reds. $2 60@2 75: Blackeye. S3 15@3 25:
Butters, nominal; Limns, $3; Pea. $2<§2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 5003 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 SOS'S per ctl; Tel
low Mustard, $4 25; Flax, nominal at $1 75®2;
Canary Seed, 2Vi@2%o per 1b; Alfalfa, nominal:
Rape. 2>4@2*ic; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 5©
6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, *1 75<8>2; Green. $2©2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The only change worthy of note Is an ad
vance In Tomatoes, which are very firm. The
other Vegetables are In heavy supply and weak
as a rule. There Is nothing new In Potatoes
and Onions.
POTATOES In sacks for Early Rose
and 60<?/65c In sacks and 75c@$l In boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. nominal; Sweet
Potatoes, .4c per n>.
ONIONS— 40<Zj50c per ctl for red and 75@8f.c
per ctl for yellow. Pickle Onions, 75c@$l per
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2%@3c; string
Beans, 2ft 3c per lb; Lima Beans, 3@4c; Bay
Squash, 25<f?35c: Green Peppers. 35<£j65c for
Chile and C5(H73c for Bell; Cabbage,. 30c per
ctl; Carrots, 30@30c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
23(ft'35c; Pickles, 73(5 Sue for No. l and 40@50c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, ~:,c<htl 25; Green
Corn, 40@75c per sack for Vacavllle, $I@l 25 per
crate for Alameda. 40®C.">c for Berkeley; Garlic.
2©2M;C per lb; Green Okra, 40<SGOc; Egg Plant.
3S@B6c per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16©lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 3C'c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens are dull and weak. Young Poultry Is
firm and selling rather better, though prices
show no change.
Another car of Eastern sold at $5 Eo®6 for
Hens, $5 for old Roosters, $4@4 50 for Fryers
and 12@llc for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 12(J113c for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
<Stl: Goslings, $I@l 15; Ducks, 1175-33 for old
and $2 50ii. 4 for young: Hens. $4@4 50: Roosters,
young, {566; Roosters, old, $4@4 50; Fry
ers $3 504/4; Broilers, $S@3 50 for large: 12 26@
2 f.O for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for
young and $I@l 23 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
nutter continues to Improve and stocks are
llpht. Cheese rules firm, but there 13 no
scarcity. Eggs are slow at the advance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 21@22c; sec
onds,
Dairy- Choice to fancy, 18@19c; common
grades, 1£017%c.
F.a.^tern Mutter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per Ib;
3-:iKin. nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; old, 8@
Cream Ch< Idar, 10-T/ilc; Young America,
!' '-.'.'n i<v.,c: Eastern, I2^isc.
i:i;> ;S— Ranch Eggs. 20@24c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14'ui7c; r:aKtfrn, 13^16c for ordinary and
ISc for fancy; Duck Eggs. 18c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice Bartlett Pears, ranging from 2M to
2V4 Inches, keep up, but the small sizes are
lower, weak and hard to sell. There Is noth
ing new In the other canning fruits.
Melons and Grapes range about the same.
The scarcity In Figs Is noteworthy. Berries
are generally firm at the prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, (4 Bo#l per chest for large and
for small. •'
Figs, per box for single and 75c@Jl 50
for double layers.
Cantaloupes. 12 50*34 per crate: Nutmegs,
$1 2W2 per box; Watermelons, $5320 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, 7®Sc per Ib.
Red Nectarines, 60£i-!>sc; White Nectarines,
50<560c per box. ■ ' ~~',!
Small Grapes, 40"<775c per box and 60(Jf90c per
crate; Black Grapes, 75®90c per crate; Muscats,
85C0J1.
Blackberries. $2 5004 per chest.
Plums, EOOS6O per crate and 25@€0e per box;
In bulk, $10 per ton for green and $12 50315 for
yellow.
Apricots, C0075C per box and $40063 per ton
In bulk.
Peaches, 40@S5c per box. 75c®$l per basket; In
bulk, to canners, $23@45 for Freestones; Clings.
$7('*r9o.
Crabappples, 20<i?40c per box.
Raspberries. $5©7 per chest.
Apples. 35<S60c for common, and 75c@$l per
box for No. 1. •■■ „-,-"
Bartlett Tears. 75c(TT$l 18 per box and $3o«?40
Ser ton for No. l, and 2. r »@soc per box and ?20@
) per ton for small and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges, $1 25@1 60 for St.
Michaels, $I@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 7f>cWsl 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 25@2
for common and $2 50<y3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 50iS.'.; California Limes, 50c
per box; Bananas, $1 25' a- per bunch, tine
apples, $3(o 4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The scarcity In Apricots Is well illustrated by
the sale of six cars at Plru, Ventura County.
at the reported price of 10c. This Is said to be
the only large lot of Apricots In the State this ;
year. Of course there are numerous small '
lots scattered about.
The scarcity of Apricots Is expected to cause
high prices for reaches, especially as this crop
is also very short. . " - .....
As for Prunes, Eastern buyers are bidding
3'-c for the four sizes of the new crop In the
outside districts, without, however, getting any.
In the leading districts bids of 4c have been
turned down, as the holders positively refuse to
name a selling price.
There are no quotations for Pears as yet.
DRIED FRUITS— New Prunes,' 3'~«-Jc bid
and refused for the four sizes; old
Prunes, carload lots, s@sV;c for 40-50" s.
4V4(f?sc for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for 60-70'b,
3U«?3tte for 70-So'B. 2%®3c for 80-80" 20
2ftc for 90-100'«; new Peaches, 6^@7c; old
Peaches, 4Vi@6c: peeled, 12 Vic; new Apricots,
9@loc for Royals and lolffn'^e for Moorparks;
old Apricots, r.iTc for Royals and B@loe for
good to fancy Moorparks: Evaporated Apples,
6V4@7c; sun dried, 3#4c; Black Figs, in sacks,
2@2Vic; Plums. ■I'iH'-.c for pitted and l@lV4c for
unplttcd; bleached Plums. sc; Nectarines, 3g)
(Uc for prime to fancy; Pears, 305 c for quar
ters and 3ifs^c for halves, according to color,
etc.
RAISINS— 2@2V4c for two-crown, 2H<s'2?;c for
three-crown. 4@3V4c for four-crown. 3@4c Tor
Seedless Sultanas, 2',4@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $l!gl 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes. 2c.
NUTS Walnuts, 3{?4e for hardshell. 4Q6c for
BOftshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, ti-jTc for
softshell. BV4©3c for paper shell: Peanuts, 10
6%c for Eastern and 4Vic for California; Pe
cans, 614!85c;6 l 4!BSc; Filberts, aH^lOc; Brazil Nuts,
BO9c per 1b; Cocoanuts. $4 6006 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9© 10c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5ViG>
Cc; light amber extracted, 4»i@sV4o per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dullness continues to characterize this mark
et. Quotations are unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10c for light.
lie for extra light and 12'fT12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10',4@Uc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9Vs@loc; Mess Beef. 110 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork $9; extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear,
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12>,£c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 8c for pure; pails. . S**c:
California tierces, »'-4 c per lb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7V*c; 10-lb tins,
8c; 5-lb tins. Sy+c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6*|)sf6%c; packages
less than 800 lbs— 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, !i'-i>e;
3-11) palls. 20 In a case, S^c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, B^c: 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, S%?; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 774 c;7 7 4c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. SVSic: fancy tubs SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*ic per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. S'tic: Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, CV4c; salted Kip, BVic; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17® lie;
Goatskins, 27%@30c; medium, 30c: winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15(826c each; short wool
>•., in,, eßch; medium. CO@SOc; long wool, !-oc@
$1 10 each: Horsehides. salt, $2 23 for .'in;.?
and $10173 for small; Colts, .>oc; Hor3.Mii.ies,
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c®Jl 15 lor small;
Colts, DOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Y c per 1b; No. 2,
2}* c; refined, 4Vi(?il 3 ic: Grease, 2c.
"WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern. 9@12e." Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months'. S.filOc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@ 14c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10<fj)12c; Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldtand Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada. 10® He;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
The circular of Jacob "Wollner says:
"Of our • local market there la little to be
said, as there have been no transactions : and
there., have been no buyers in ( the market. - It
can be termed a waiting market, as until there
are some | orders for scoured wools ' very little
can be done.
"The Kastern markets are reported as fol
lows: The market presents a firmer tone as
a whole and considerable inquiry is noted. For
the first time since the tariff went into effect
there was more foreign wool . than domestic
sold last week, the . total amount being about
0.000.0C0 pounds, of which 3.000,000 were foreign.
"The goods market is showing, more hope
ful features, but orders obtained as yet on the
new i trade • have been moderate. The prospect
of the price of wool is yet to attain the im
porting basis, although owing to the past seven
months' dullness It will be much ■ longer than
we expect before this point Is peached. The
old" wool on hand is yet a check on higher
prices. With the new wools coming In and
costing high, dealers, feel more confidence in
the old wools and it looks as though a gradual
hardening of values will follow from now on.
An active . market for {roods will hurry me
problem and will bring the thing to a iocua
much quicker than otherwise." -
HOPS— crop, o@l2Hc per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%@4%c; "Wool
Bags, 26@'2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $G; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $1150 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
ncl. $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
RlCE— China -mixed, $4 3n@4 40; China No. 1,
$4 90@5 20; extra do, $5 3005 60; Hawaiian.
$6 12 1*;1 *; Japan. $5 So©B 40; Louisiana, $5 509* 50.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms r.ct cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered. 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, Cc; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 55 7 *c; Magnolia A, sV£c; Extra C.
6%c; Golden C. 6>-ic: California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
Me more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue to weaken and local dealers
expect to see still lower quotations next week,
as the packers cannot pack at the present
figures. The other descriptions remain un
changed.
Wholesale rates for • dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6'/£e; second quality,
s%ffi6c: third quality. 4 l 4'SS'*>c.
VEAL— Lars-e, 4'@sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7>£c; Ewes, 6@6%c
per lb. j -
LAMB— Spring, 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 4@4%c for large. 4%®4V4c
for medium and 3V£@4e for small; stock Hogs,
2@3V*c; dressed Hogs, 5%@7V4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, August 5.
Flour, qr sks ... 21,880 (Straw, tons 15
Whea.t. ctls 2,070 1 Hides/ no 665 ;
Barley, ctls 2,3201Pe1t5, bdls 856 !
Corn, ctls 125 Hops, bales 60 |
Cheese, ctls 44 l > Wool, bales 92 !
Batter, ctls 326 Shorts, sks 181
Tallow, ctls 54 Lime, bbls 240
Beans, sks 630 Quicksilver, flsk. 41 I
Potatoes, Kks ... 3.836 Wine, gals 33,400 j
Onions, sks 3.16:< Leather, rolls ... 89 I
Bran, sks 1,228 Eggs, doz 15.450
Middlings, sks .. 315 Paper, reams ... 1.780 !
Hay, tons 541 Lumber, ft 10,000 |
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6, ' Middlings, sks .. "400
Wheat, ctls 6. Shorts, sks 1,431 j
Barley, ctls 1,730! Wool, bales 45 i
Oats, ctls 30 Hay. tons 90 j
Bran, sks 5.718 Wool, bales 104 !
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 5,456!0at5, ctls .... 430 :
Wheat, ctls 7,780 Bran, sks 1,000 j
Barley, ctls 915 1 Wool, bales 25 i
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 30!
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 1 —
» • ■
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Che°p«>, Butter and Ebbs are dearer.
Poultry continues In liberal supply and
cheap. Meats are unchanged.
The autumn varieties of fruit, such as Grapes
and Melons, are cheapening, but are still high.
Good Pears, Peaches and Apricots are in small
supply and rather dearer than usual at this
season. There is no scarcity In Plums.
Vegetables of all kinds are In liberal supply
and cheap, as usual.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel % @12 00 Castle Gate.s3 60®
Wellington . 4JIO 00 Southfleld
New Welling- I Wellington @ 9 50
ton ®10 00|Coos Bay @ 7 00
Seattle 8 00-3 1 1
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per (Common Eggs — ©20
square — @45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll —©40 doz 25@30
Do, good 35®37 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Ca1..., — @12 lb 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. ls© — Do, extracted... S®lo
Cheese, Swiss 20©2;
Meats, per lb —
Bacon lZ@l7|Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, choice l»&ls|Pork, Fait 10&12
Do, good s./!" I Pork, chops 12@13
Corned Beef SCtflO Round Steak 10@—
Ham, Cal 12V !~ Sirloin Steak 12%©—
Do, Eastern — tTIJ Porterhouse, d0...17(it20
Lard 12 r tiV> Smoked Beef — (£ls
Mutton — €810 Pork Sausages — «S0
spring Lamb 12fi — ;Veal 12915
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50® 65 Turkeys, pr lb IS@ 20
Foung Roost- Ducks, each... 40® 60
ers. each.... CO® 65 Geese, each... 75@1 00
Old Roosters, 1 Pigeons. i.air.. 25© 50
each 40<3> 60 Rabbits, pair.. & 40
Fryers, e-ch.. 600 — Hare, each....— — @ 20
Broilers, each. 30® 40 1
Fruits and Nuts—
Apricots, per 1b... 5® 6 I. Nectarines, pr lb. 6"? S
Almonds, lb l:i<s; 1." (granges, d0z......12'ft30
Apples, lb 4@6|Pears. per lb 4£ 6
Blackberries, per Peaches, per 1b... 5© 8
drawer 25530 Plums, lb 4@ 6
Banana?, doz 15<?t20 I Raspberries, per
Cantaloupes. eachlO(s2o : drawer 35@50
Figs, per lb 15@— Raisins, lb 6&10
Grapes, per 1b.... s<Sx> S strawberries, per
Huckleberries, drawer 30*?40
per lb 10(512 j Walnuts, lb 15®—
Lemons, doz 20^30 1 Watermelons, echls@3o
Limes, doz 12@loi
Vegetables —
Asparagus, lb 6<@lo Ottuce. doz 15@25
Artichokes, d0z.. .204130 CJreen Okra, lb 6@ 8
Beets, doz 12'& 1"> Onions, lb 4st .">
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 Peppers, green.... 6@ 8
Colored, lb 4® 5 Potatoes, !b Mi !
Lima, lb 60 6 Do, tweet B@lo
Cabbage, each s®lo Parsnips, doz 15020
Cauliflowers, each s^lo rtadishes. dz bchs.lO@l2
Celery, bunch 5©- Sage, doz bch5...23#35
>ess. doE bnchs..2"';J"i string Beans, lb.. o@ 6
Cucumbers, doz. ..lo<fils Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb 6® 8 per lb 4@ 5
3reen Corn. d0z...12(!?2a I Thy me, lb 20930
Green Peas, 1b.... 4 '<: 6 Turnips, doz 15<5:20
Lentils. ID C@ Si Tomatoes, lb 5@ 8
Fish, per lb—
Barracuda 8(g"10 Shrimps B@lo
>rp SralO Shad 8010
Codfish B©lo ?ea Bass — ©10
Flounders st| 6 Smelts 10@12
Herring — <&>— ?oles B©lo
Halibut 8010 Skates, each bCtxlO
Kingflsh — (j/vi romcod 10*0; —
Mackerel — 'if 'lo r'lams, gal QSO
Do. horse — (Jf— Do, hardshell, lCxi 4 »'
Perch 10'tT — "nibs, each 10@15
Pompano soy 7.1 Do softshell, doz. 25 l fi3.>
Rockflsh — 010 Mussels, Qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o6 — Oysters. Cal, 100.. 40@—
Salmon, fresh — <5i12!D0, Eastern, d0z.. 40
BFAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Nellie Donnelly (wife of B.) to Bernard Don
nelly, lot on SW corner of Lasuna street and
Willow avenue, W 51:9 by S 34; $10.
Ida V. anil F. S. Butler to E. E. Shotwell
lot on S line of Washington street, 176:3 E of
Locust, E 30 by S 127:8%; $2000.
Alex Vensano (surviving partner of F. Da
nerl & Co.) to John B. Ohio, lot on E line of
Church street. 51:6 N ot Twenty-sixth, N 100
by X 100: $2600.
Nellie Donnelly (wife of B.) to Bernard Don
nelly, lot on W line of Calhoun street. 51:6 V
of Green. N 22:11 by W 91 :S; $10.
Alexandrine Bellemere to Thomas McKeon
lot on SE line of Folsom street, 200 NE of
Ninth. NE 2.". by SE 90; $3400.
N.:il G. Matheny to Edward C. Harrison
undivided 1-3 of lot on W line of Tennessee
street. 125 S of Eighteenth (Solano). S 2.". by
w 100; also all Interest In said block; $1000
John and Ada M. Illnkel to Richard and El
len Brownlee, lot on W line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 150 S of Clement street, "S 23 by W 130;
Mary E. and William or W. E. Douglas to
Solomon Getz. lot on SW corner of Forty-first
avenue and P street, W 32:6 by S 100- $10
Charles W. Pope to same, lot on SW corner
P street and Forty-first avenue, S 100 by W
32:6: $1.
William Finley to Edwin Bonnell lot on R
corner of Mount Vernon and Wyoming ave
nues, S 400, BE 474. NE 320. NW 237 'NE v,"
NW 237. lots 1 to 9, block 7. West End Map 1
quitclaim deed; $1. v '
Syndicate Investment Company to Miss Vida
Catherine French, lots 1022 and 1024, Gift Map
3; $10.
James Ambrose to Emma Perclval lot on V
line of Montana street, 330 W of Capitol W 50
A^lffionf .& bl ° Ck v - v " llr ' Eft-**
Same to Anna Peterson, lot on X line of
Montana street. 2SO w of Capitol. w 50 by N
120, lot 9, block U, same; $10. -"v
Samuel D. Williams to James Box. lot on E
line of Dame street. COO N of Randall V 25
by E 125. lot 7. block 2S. Fairnicun^; sw!'
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association (by trustees) to Phoebe Coffin, lot
°' block 408. outh . San Francisco Homestead
an Railroad Association fault-claim deed); $1.
Phoebe J. Coffin to EUxa O. Sands, lot 5.
block 402, and lot 14. block 269. South San
I'ranciscu and Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Eliza O. Sands to ♦Caroline Stoehr (wife of
Anton Stoehr), lot on SW line of Twentieth
avenue.^::, IS of X street. SE 75 by SW 100.
lot 5, block 402, same; $10.
James Rolph Jr. -to B. W. Foster, lot on SE
corner of Paul . and Gould streets. S 2 . by E
100, lot 23, block 2, Garden Tract Homestead;
Edward J.le Breton to William A. Halllday
(or Holllday), all property In 1748 d 8; also all
L nt r . , st '" he eßtate '"' Margaret Halllday (or
Holliday), No. 18.700; $2000.. ■•'"■
' Alameda County.
Daniel and Mary Donovan to Louise P.
Thomas lot on N line of Thirty-sixth street.
c5 4 c« W °l Market . W 100.454, N 125.24. c 100.
I 137.82 to beglntng, being: lots 21 and 22. block
U. Map of Mrs. ■ M. J. Evoy's Property, subject
to a. mortgage for $1000, Oakland Annex; $10.
Alice Graham to James D. Graham, lot be
ginning at a point in the division line between
lots 4 }*i(i 5. block 14, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract, 100 E from East Euclid avenue. E 25 by
h SO, being the X 2S feet of lot 4. block 14.
Daley s Scenic Park Tract; to correct 640, d.
254, Berkeley; $10.
K. A. and Josephine F. Brusruiere to trus
tees of Bray School District, Brooklyn Town
ship lot on S line of Merrill avenue, 145 W of
A. ashlnßton street, W CO by 8 123, Brooklyn
Township; $600.
Caroline E. Dwindle to Alice Chapman, all
right of redemption as to any and all Judg
ment sales within two years of following prop
erty: Lots 144, 146, 14S. 149, 145, 150 to 15«.
block 194, Encinal Park Tract; also lot 10.
block 224, of Woodwards Survey; also lots 1 to
13 block 1; lots 1 to 6, i to 14, block 2; lots 1
to S, 12 to 14, block 13; lots 1 to 11. block 17; all
of block 2J; lots 4 to 7, block 19; lots 1 tc 8,
block 27: blocks 33. 3i>, 41. 50 and 68; lots 2 to 7.
9 to 14 block 35; lots :, to S, Id and 11, block 42;
all of block 43; lot 8. block 44; lots 1. 2 and 8,
block 51; lot 8, block 52; lots 1, 2, 3 and 8. block
6fi all in Strattcn's Survey oX Town of Ala
m'eda; also the E 60 feet of lot 179. Encinal
Park Tract, Alameda; $500.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Offire located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality ana
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit tha
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
cel%"d each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast ar.d Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTF- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 6.
Sun rises 5 : J§
Sun sets •••••
Moon rises 9:25 p. m.
ilTimel
fjH W
.Feet.
[Feet.
|H W
'
2:08
3:10
4:24
6:00
IL, W
j O:2C
1:33
2:29]
4.7 8:09
4.2 8:45
3.7 9:26
5.4 li':l'J
H W
0.9', 7:4S|
0.6' 9:121
0.3! 10:04)
1.2
1.8
2.4
2.8|
3.1
3.51
3.5;
2:41
3:21
4:05
4:54
L. W
I 11:09
12:241
! 1:36
6.1
6.1
5.1
8:55
10:00
11:11
1.5
1.4
i.a
H W
5:47
6:45
I 7:40
s.o
5.0
5.0
.1
XOTE— In the above exposition of the tides,
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
•second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tida
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALi..
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, August
5, IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WEL/CH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Titnnia INanalmo Aug. 3
TfUamook St. Michael Aug. 6
Grace Dollar... St Michael Aug. 6
Coos Bay Newport Aug. 7
Chilkat IHumboldt Aug. 7
San Mate.) jComox • Aug. 7
San Juan (Panama Aug. 3
Arcata |Coos Bay Aug. 8
Burma Nanaimo |Aug. 8
Pomona ISan Dlrgro lAug. 9
Fulton 'Oregon Ports' Aug. 3
Columbia Portland Aug. 10
"Walla Walla.... 'Victoria & Puget SoundjAug. U>
Signal Gray's Harbor ' Aug. 10
City of Panama La IJbertad Auk. 10
Orizaba Humboldt Aug. 19
Homer Newport Aug. U
Crescent City... -Crescent City Aug. 11
Curacao ICextCC •• Aug. 11
Wellington Departure Bay Aug. 11
Santa Rosa ! San Diego I Aug. 13
StateCallfornla, Portland ;Aug. IS
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. bans. *-ier.
Orizaba .... Humboldt Aug. 6. 10 am | Pier 9
Santa Rosa San J>lei?o Aug. 7, 11 ami Pier 11
State of CaljPortland Aug. 8. 10 am I Pier 12
San Blas...|Panama lAug. 8,12 miPMSS
Coos Bay... I Newport [Au». 9, 9 amJPler 11
Queen j Vie & Pgt Sd. -Aug. 8. 10 am [Pier 9
Ohllkat iHumbuhlt ....'Aug. 9, 9 am, Pier 13
i Arcata Cfloa Bay Aug. 9, 10 am' Pier 13
i Marlposa ..'Sydney Aug. 10, 2pm Pier 7
! Pomona San Diego Aug. 11, 11 am Pier 11
Fulton '• Oregon Ports. | Aug. 11. 3pm I Pier 20
Columbia ..jPortland Aug. 13. 10 ampler 12
! Homer iXewport Aug. 13, 9 amtPler 11
i Doric IChlna&JapanAug. 13. 1 pmFMSS
Steamer.
I Destination.
SHIPPING IXTEL.L.IGEXCEJ.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 5.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. 63 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hours from
San Diego.
':■ Stmr State of California. Thomas. 66 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Gielow, 18 hours from.
Moss Landing. "
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff. 13 days from Taconaa.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 3 days from Caspar. Up
river direct. ■.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6 days from Umpqua
i Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 4 days from Coqullle
River.
CLEARED.
Friday, August ■5.
Stmr Lakme, Klltgard, Honolulu; J"ohnson
! Locke Mercantile Co.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Honolulu;
! Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Ooodall,
j Perkins & Co. . _
Br ship Western Monarch, Evans, Callao; W.
i R Grace & Co. ". ;'. .■;
SAILED. •";•.■-
Friday, August i.
I Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
[ Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. San Pedro.
! Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle.
Bktn W H Dlmond Nielsen, Honolulu.
Bktn Northwest,- Lund. . ■-".•'
Schr Webfoot. Donnelly, '"Jrays Harbor.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Bessie K. Adler, Rockport.
Schr Glen, Nlelson, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug s—lo p. m.— Weather.
foggy: wind. SW; velocity. 8 miles. .
CHARTERS.
The Big Bonanza loads coal at Seattle for
th The PO Pam P a was chartered prior to arrival
! for wheat to Europe. 27s 6d. t - -
. SPOKEN.
July 2S-Lat 4' N. long 22 W. Br .Earl
of Dunmore, hence April 7. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
tovdon Auk &— The Br ship Ecclefechan.
ha^SPflokted md pa^ed Klnsale for Queen,
tOWtt ln tOW " DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Aug 6— Schr
M AITO^iA-Sa7le"d-A.ug 5-Br stmr Mogul, for
Hongkong. c_ S £ mr Columbia, hence Aug; S.
POINT A rVxa- balled Aug 6-Stmt A?ca.
tr FORT im'viT«V--Arrived Aug 6-Stmr Co- *
"PORT 'LubLOW-Safled Aug 6-Schr Queen.
I'^VlfNTI^A-^uled Aug 5-Stmr Qeo Looipis,
! f T;|'EENWOOD^Arrived A^g 5-Stmr Alca-
ZI FUREKA-Arrlved Aug 5-Stmrs Chllkat and
R^o6s he BAY- U ArrlVed Aug 6-Stmr Arcata.
ne TACOMA-Sailed Aug 4-Bktn Eureka, • for
S^ I EAT*TLE— Arrived Aug s— Stmr Dlrlgo, frm
St VFAH ae BAY-Passed Aug 4— Br stmr "Wel
i lington, hence Aug 1. for Departure Bay. .
i in port Aug s— Schr Thos F Bayard, hence
1 July 21 for St Michael.
' V'.M.I^ARD— J Aug 2— Schr Wm Ren- •
ton. from San Pedro; schr Corona, from St
.; VENTURA— Arrived Aug 5-^-Stmr Geo lioOmls
hence Aug 4.
FOREIGN PORTS. I - . "
COLON— Arrived Aup 4— Stmr AlUanca, fna
■ New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 4— Br bark Peter
Iredale. from Oregon; Br ship LlnJfleld. hence
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 4— ship Marl
borough Hill, hence March, 3.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 3— bark
Nlthßdale, from Oregon. Aug 4— Br ship Glen- A
park. from Oregon^ Br ship Whitlieburn, from .
Tacoma; Br ship Aldergrove. from Tacoma;
: Br ship Alice A Leigh, from Taooma.
Sailed Aug 4— Br ship Alice A Leigh, for Rot
terdam. ' .
VENTNOR— Aug 3— Br ship Andrada,
i from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASOOW- Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Hestla, for
Baltimore.
MOVIL.LE— SaiIed Aug s— Stmr Furnessla, for
N't'w York.
QtTEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 5-Stmr Can
adia, from Boston.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Aug f— Stmr Nederlancl.
for Philadelphia.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 5 — Stmr Fuerst
Btsrrarck. from New York.
MYERPOOLr-Salled Aug &-Stmr BovU, for
New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
PARDEE PLEDGES
HIS STRENGTH
TO LOU BROWN
The Doctor Proves His Oft-Repeated Asser
tion of Good Will Toward
■ ; Davis.
Alameda County Democrats Preparing to Re
pudiate the Deal Made With tjie
Populists.
:''■•• •'.=■.••'. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'-..'.. SOS Broadway, Aug. 5.
■'•'George C, Fardee has entered into a
■•new compact, and despite bis oft-repeated
'■assertions' to the effect that if he. could
■ i;W get mure than half the Alameda dele
r^alion; he would withdraw from the con
■ ■■V:s.t-'"ar.d- work to secure the nomination
;'..f<sr-'i?avis] this same Pardce has. if Lou
Brow political manager states the mat
. ter- -corpfectly, practically agreed to throw
•kis. .strength to the present Secretary of
State'in the event that he finds he can
■' ' not- win out himself.
■'•':, -ThtSanpouricement will cause thousands
L-ot'Vk&amedai County publicans, who
■ ■hsge; 'beard and read Parde< friendly
'.^expressions toward Davis, to grasp with
;). astonishment.
..• ■.■i.iiis -morning The Call announced that
■'.•Alex!: Sinclair had come down from Sac
:->aiii"oijt6; : in the interest of Brown. Sin
./OUriE--vy.as a resident of Oakland for years
• 'prior' to. his removal to Sacramento when
.: he -received his appointment to a position
' "Sri ; ".t : h£ -Capitol . building something over
■ rfh'reo -years ' ago. He has always taken
anVatfilve part in politics here and knows
••jilnicisif.-ovtry mail in the county. Sinclair
■ts-! ii- personal friend of Pard and fa
.• -yor%"'<iiiii for the nomination as against
any'-^f the other candidates, with the ex
■.cVpili'iii,'.of:course, of Brown.
■• -" ' l-Bit.-SiiYc.lair is not blinded by friendship
:'.§.n'd ' e.kikiidly admitted to-day that the
.-. cKx^torVwa-s not thought of politically out
,.iid'd \ji.--Alanieda County; while on the
■•othiKrViiand he regarded Davis as a dan
•: .geT&is'- rival to Brown, although he had
.■ : iio"dj>a:bt:that Brown would get the nomi
• iia-UJjii.;- 1 '
:. ■.-ißiri.c'l^ir said to-day that Brown would
j.Cii-rri 1 "Sola.no and other northern counties
BJiyV/wouia cu t deeply into the San Pran
£elscqL delegation: getting a majority of it
!tf- he did..not secure every one from the
. iqetxcpolis.
•'... Kii'i- ..Mr. Sinclair is not meddling with
■ th'e.'ttg'ht.-in San Francisco. His work just
■rio.w-lity'in Alameda County, and to-night
■he -is ic&wckling with satisfaction at the
■result: <ii his day's work. He had a long
. cOnference with Dr. Pardee at the lat
'.terVs--'ortice. at which the entire .situation
[•• t waifvßon.a over carefully. Sinclair is not
■ -jpinirfgr-W tell what cured at the meeting
,| vV't-Wety? himself and Pardee, but after
. .t.-rvi.-w he admitted that his mis
■.'.Bio'iv here wns. solely to gain Pardee's
:.vm>-s.-i<ir -Brown in case the doctor be
" •cafne •" satisfied he was out of the fight,
'•. and that Pardee had assured him that he
. ..would' .'do all in his power to deliver his
;llltle package of vote^ to the Secretary
■.: Of- State.
. '.This compact hup not leaked out yet,
.b-il.t. wlu'-n the people of Alameda County.
. realize that Pardee's pretended friendship
• !'fir Davis was only a bluff, and that he Is
. 'prp.pn.red .to send the nomination to an-
Tttjivr I . section In case he cannot get it
- liifnsT-.lf. they will be all the more deter
' n*ijirt|-.to send a solid i Instructed dele
' gS'.iftri .tci ii&ento*:
' , The Democrats of Alameda County are
'] irTop-sihi^.. from their lethargy and there is
"a. trrnn determination among, them to
•make *"fime political history in the next
•'i't'stv days. ! The bold and fearless declara
tion's nt W. W. Foote and M. F. Tarpey,
:'ait -*>Vt- forth in this morning's Call, have
..fireiV. 1. ...••ni with an ambition to defeat the
i-'i.Muld coterie In the State Central
. Committee ami the Committee of One
•3-liihdred in San Francisco, who betrayed
democracy into the hands of th"
•■ Pop u 'Hsts;
.Already a plan is on fool to prevent the
: captjii -of Alameda County by the Ma
§u!re>Pepocrats; and there Is every Indi
cation ; that throughout the county there
wilfJJi "presented a complete list ■.• dele
.' grate* con slating of men who hold as Footc
-.«-nd. : farpey do, that the only salvation of
•'the. party is to free it at once from the
:McJyabs and the Goulds and the Ma
■ srvffres. •' Ah the primaries are to be held
..'nekfrVThursday the Democrats have no
fifV^FRED JONES IS
W&Wi ONCE MORF SINGLE
I£IS i;WTFE REFUSED TC LEAVE
HER EASTERN HOME.
SCnlel i^Ter-gyjnan Couid Not Find a
.'." : -'jSjD6|i 'Pastorate Here and Became
;:;. -;iv : a Book Peddler.
•'•' :'-.- Oakland Office K.ui Francisco Call,
: ; . ' Iway, Auk. i>.
■ ' ' rte'iv>lf r< d V. -Jones was granted a di
t.o.::'Tay fr<>m his wife, Etta .1. Jones',
wno/.preffers living in th<- East to Join-
Ing •herfyhjiflband in the West. Rev. Fred
• 'alifornia about five yean
ty in Kansas, where
■ j tor of a Methodist church.
. ■..■[■;•.: . Mr. Jones did not rm-rt
}h- was unable to
tetorate and his wife
- join him. They separated In
. fo«r years Mr. Jones
. induce bis wife to share his
m home. Five months ago he be
- ; :.v-Vnvin.-.-<l thai
■.-,.. the East, and Drought a suit
'. .\i:- Jones has noi met with ex
ry luck, and it is Bald th
hie Boie Income h:;s been
aferiyed from canvassing for book pud-
Us/hers.
OAKLAND EXPOSITION.
Board of Trade Has Practically ue
:■- cided to Hold the Great Exhibit
■• '"■ " After the State Election.
•OAKLAND, Aug.- s— At a meeting of several
directors of the Board of Trade, held in the
•office fif* Acting President Theodore ;>r this
- •fiff-rnoon ; it was practically decided to hold
;Vthe-. ! Oakl.an.a exposition, beginning with the
"first week after the ■ Dining State election in
■ November. To definitely determine the date,
.■•however', another meeting will be held for that
■-jurjxiafc! npxt: Monday ■:■ Tuesday.
. -^Heretofore the exhibits have been confined
to AJjameda County products and manufactures
laxeluai'yely. but it is proposed to enlarge apoo
• ft.thii -year," cald Acting President Gier. "We
! ■expet i t.'v> broaden out in favor of giving space
■. to the merchants of Alameda County In gen
' eraj
'•■At present we are getting the benefit of the
•.revenues from the exposition building." said
Pir.ectt»r M. J. Keller, "and we expect to make
• ' *bl» year's exposition an especially attractive
one. It will certainly be greater than those
of. previous yean ana will come in Just about
• eight after the election. "
■:° •• • . Henry Strobel's Estate.
'.-...OAKLAND, Aug. s.— Snrah Strobel ha« pe
••"titiMied tor the probate of the will of her late
husband. Henry C. T. Strojjel, the Hay wards
•, neat, merchant. The will wan made in 1883
"• t "ani3 the estate is estimated to be worth $35,000.
•■oorfsiKtipg of real and personal property, all
/o( which 18 left to the widow, to be lined for
: ■■the"-j>upp" J rt and care of their three children,
• '^harles V.\. aged 13 years; Vincent .1., 11 years,
• send .Mary Btrobel, 9 year*. In the event of
'•' Mrs.. Strobel's death or her remarriage all
• • %hat! ; remains shall go to the children, share
.".and/ ■hare, alike.
'* .-J«Oge- .Hall to-day granted a divorce to
: --Trvderick V. Jor.es from Etta J. Jones, on the
■ ground-, of -willful desertion.
,'/'■ "'■'-. Stupid From Escaping Gas.
': -OAIvL.'AND, Aug. s.— Ex-County dork
■Crane was found nearly dead in bis office
very early this morning by a police of
•ficer. He was" at his office last night and
■ = hjs: wife -left him about 11 o'clock. An
■hour lAter he was found in a stupor with
i time to lose, but from now on they will
; work as they never labored before to de
; feat the Indorsement of Magulre.
Tht-si- men art- Bpurred on by the dis
. closure of a plan that has reached their
which, if carried out, will Bound the
; death knell of the committee of one hun
dred and defeat, beyond peradventure of a
: doubt, the Indorsement of Maguire. This
i plan, which only leaked out to-day, was
communicated to the Alameda Democ
racy wfth the request that they bestir
themselves and aid in carrying it to a sue
;ul conclusion.
It is nothing less than for the Country
to combine against the City and to unseat
the entire San Francisco delegation on
. the ground that it was named In violation
of all the laws of the party and does not
represent the Democrats of S±ui Fran
cisco.
It is a bold move, but assurances have
been received that it is meeting with
much favor throughout the interior coun
ties, and it is certain that if it is carried
out it will put an p^d to the hybrid ticket
begun by the Populists and left for the
Democrats to finish.
Moreover, it is aserted that the move
ment has reached the ears of the chief
conspirators and the fear that it will be
carried out has kept them from coming
forward with a candidate r"'>r chairman of
the convention. It would be awkward, to
say the least, for them to go to Sacra
mento with one of their number slated to
preside over the gathering only to have
the entire delegation thrown out of con
vention.
As the Alameda Democrats discuss this
scheme to end the political lif<- of tho
wreckers of their party, tTiey resolve to
tuimj Alameda into line with her forty
i t delegates solid for the movement;
two of her three delegates at Large have
ly declared themselves as deter
mined to fight the gag-ru!e gang to the
end.
WANT A SOLID
VOTE FOR GOVERNOR
Young Alameda County Re
publicans Desire to Keep the
Delegation Intact.
OAKLAND, Aug. The Young Men's
Republican League, of Alameda. County
held a "house-warming" in their new
quarters at the corner of Washington
and Fourteenth streets this evening. The
hall was gorgeously decorated in tricol
orcd bunting and American flags, and at
the background of the stage was a hand
some oil painting of the fate James G.
Blame, beside which were the litho
graphs of President McKinley and the
hero of Manila Bay, Admiral Dewey.
Brief speeches were made by A. P.
Breed, president of the. league; John
Stetson, the league's first president: Ted
die Joste, Ben. woolner, Captain "Billy"
Barnes, who urged harmony In the Re
publican ranks of Alameda County; Col
onel George Stone, president of th* Na
tional League of Republican Clubs; J. A.
Johnson; Edward E. Collins, who gave a
brief history of the Omaha convention of
the league, and Giles H. Gray, who gave
personal reminiscences of the late James
G. Blame.
This was followed by the unanimous
adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Young Men's Republican
League .it' Alameda County hereby declares it
fclf in favor of the Republican delegates to the
State convention solidly uniting in favor of the
candidate for Governor from this county, who
secures at our primary election the greatest
number of Faid delegates; and be it further
Resolved, That the seerptary nt this organi
zation be and is hereby authorized and direct
ed to forward a copy of this resolution to Dr.
Gnorge C Pardee and to Hon. W. R. Davis,
and to state to thesp Rontlemen that the num
bers of this club, believe that tho bert Inter
ests of the Republican party in this county can
be subserved only by their personal acquies
ence in this plan of procedure.
Three rousing cheers were given for
President McKinley and General Shafter.
is turned on. lie was revived after
hours of effort. Crane has had s<.me
financial trouble lately and has been very
despondent,
He Refused to Plead.
OAKLAND, Auk s.— Judge Ellsworth was
surprised this' morning when his clerk called
the rase of the people against Constable Rich
ard H. Dowling, an.] Attorney Nusbaumer an
nounced that defendant must refuse to plead.
The Grand Jury found an Indictment against
Dowling tor perjury last Tuesday afternoon.
On the following day be was arraigned ami
given till this morning to plead. It developed
that a true copy of the indictment had not been
nerved on defendant: the copy served did not
contain th.- names of the Grand Jury's wit
nesses The District Attorney's office prompt
ly entered a plea of not guilty for the defend
ant and finally the trial was set for Beptem
r Melrose Sufferers to Decide.
OAKLAND, Aup. 5. -To-morrow even
ing the property-owners who sustained
a by the Mcl rose explosion will hold
a meeting to determin. whether they will
bring suit, against the company <>r not.
They have consulted with attorneys and
is ;i belief that they have good
cause for action. Should it be decided to
prosecute the suit the property-owners
would share the legal expenses among
them.
JUDGE WOOD WANTS HIS
OFFICE ABOLISHED
SAYS IT IS ONLY A WASTE OF
TAXPAYERS' MONEY.
Senator Stratton Asked to Take the
Necessary Steps In the Legisla
ture Next Spring.
Oakland Office .San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aup. 5.
About two monthi ago Jh<]k* Fred V.
\Vu"d gave t<> The Call on Interview stat
ing that his office .should be"%.bolished, aa
it was merely wasting the taxpayers'
niomy. The statement created much In
terest at the time, a* it was the first in
stance on record where an office-holder
showed an Inclination to put himself out
of a job which produced a g-ood salary
and is practically a sinecure.
The campaign is now opening, and Jus
tice Wood has followed up his first move
by sending the following letter to Sen
ator Stratton, seeking to have the office
abolished by the Legislature;
OAKLAND, Aug. 4. 1898.
Hon. F. S. Strati' San Francisco, Cal.—
Dear Senator: During your incunibency of the
office of State Senator you have manifested a
commendable effort to secure an economical
administration of public affairs. Your past
record is a guarantee that you will again take
un the cudgel in that direction and wipe out
the office of one of the city Justices of Oak-
After more than five years' experience as j
City Justice, occuppying at different times the |
police bench and ..the City Justice's court, I
make the assertion that one Justice has ample
time to do the work now allotted to both, and
that the office of the. other Justice should be
"'aii Examination of the records of this court
will show you that the total receipts for the
nast four years were but $3504 45. or less than
i'V'o ncr year. ■ The cost of maintaining the
court during, that tirn# was: For salary of \
Justice JKOOO; for. rent and Janitor, $912; fuel, i
< -'.'. Total. $80«; making the net. loss to the i
city during that period $5437 Go, or more than j
$I F2r Pel ar'gument concede that one Justice'
cannot attend : to the duties of both
courts, still there Is no necessity for this one.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 0, 1898.
for the township Justice's Court has identical
Jurisdiction, and if there should be too much
work for it alone, the Justice has the power
to call to his assistance any Justice of the
Peace In the county. -:-V,* !
I believe that public affairs should be con
ducted on sound buslneß principles. What
would be said of a buslnes man who permitted
a leak of this kind in his business? -
I have made an effort to make this court
pelf-sustaining, but the Income cannot be ma
terially Increased while running in competition
with the township Justice's Court, which is on
a fee basis. a man win give his business to
un Individual rather than a municipality.
Senator, I believe that upon careful con
sideration you will take this matter In hand
and relieve the tax payers of this one of the
many unjust ones they now bear. You know
that it is such extravagant salaries and use
less offices that has placed our taxes at the
highest notch, and driven away from our city
home and Investment seekers. I will be pleased
to talk with you on this matter, either at your
office or mine, and furnish you with any infor
mation you may desire. If the office is to be
abolished It Is important that It be made
known before any candidates announce them
selves for the place. Hoping for an early and
favorable reply, I am, sincerely yours.
FRED V. WOOD.
Judge Wood says that It would be of
no use for him to resign, as that would
not abolish the office and would only give
the , Supervisors an opportunity to ap
point a successor, and as fhe salary is in
the nature of a bonus inflicted on the in
cumbent by the electors, Judge Wood
Bays he has certainly the prior right to It.
A DESTRUCTIVE BLAZE.
An Early Morning Fire Consumes
Over $10,000 Worth of Property
Near Piedmont Junction.
OAKLAND, Aug. v.— A destructive fire
at 3:30 o'clock this morning out at Pied
mont Junction consumed the butcher
shop, grocery and saloon of Bernard Mc-
Dermott, a blacksmith shop o«npd by H.
P. Squires and partially burned the resi
dence of Mrs. P. M. W. Blair, florist, to
the north of the McDermott place.
The origin of the fire is unknown, but
it is thought to have started In the store
room Of the McDermott house. There
were no available hydrants and some dif
ficulty was had in checking the blaze.
The Inmates of the McDermott house
all escaped with their lives, tut lost all
their belongings, and Mr. McDermott es
timates his !"ss at $10,000, with a small
Insurance. James Mokler, who runs the
blacksmith shop, is loser by $500.
OAKLAND RED CROSS.
The Public Meeting Has Been Post
poned Until Later.
OAKLAND. Aug. 5.— The Red Cross Society
held a meeting this morning, at which Mrs.
| Franklin. Brings, assistant financial secretary,
reported that the recipts for the past week
amounted to $47 55, and the disbursements to
$388 73. A few matters of importance were dis
cussed, and it was decided to postpone the big
public meeting: which was to have been held
: to-morrow Dlcht until later, so that Judge
Sheldon, Pacific Coast representative of the
society, may be present.
Interesting reports were made by Mrs. Van
Pelt and Mrs. D. W. Gc-lwicks. and a bright
talk was delivered by Mrs. Mills of Mills Col
lego. ■
Mrs. Bunnell presided over the meeting, and
during the afternoon sewing was done for
some soldiers of the Tennessee regiment.
Dr. Fisher's Estate.
OAKLAND. Aug. s.— Public Administrator
Knight has applied for letters of administra
tion upon the •state of the late Dr. Charles
M. Fisher. The estate consists of real estate,
$1200. and personal property, including $2000 25
In deposit in the Oakland Bank of Savings: de
posit in the Central Bank, $1965 12; book ac
counts valued at (760; gold watch, $50: horss and
buggy, $200: promissory note from William S.
Porter, $100; office furniture, $50; library, $500;
surgical instruments, $500.
A Batch of Deputies.
' OAKLAND, Aug. s.— Constable yon Kapff of
Alameda has appointed C. George IMrd and A.
Hcrtholet as. deputies; Constable John F. Cro
; nin of Oakland Township has appointed L. H.
Del ever and Alfred t»rnndes<: and Constable
<• V. Weldon of Brooklyn Township has ap
! pointed J. E. Taylor as deputy. Constable J.
I C. Williamson's first net was to appoint as his
deputy Byron L. Orlges.
For a New Battleship.
OAKLAND, Aug. s.— Chief of Police Fletcher
la troubled as to what to do with certain con
tributions sent into him by school children
toward the proposed new battleship. In all he
has $1 96, and although a amoll amount the
disposal causes the chief to worry. He does
not know to whom he should turn it over and
may have to return it to the patriotic donors.
Oakland News Notes.
The three-masted ship Eclipse ran foul of
the new Harrison-street bridge yesterday and
had her rigging torn away, the entire damage
amounting to about $200. Shortly afterward
anutht-r vessel repeated the feat. When the
bridge Is completed mich accidents are not
likely to occur.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aue. s.— The summer
1 of tin- University of California
(! to-day. The courses offered this
year were In chemistry and physics, and
about seventy-five students have been in
regular attends
The services of the Unitarian Church
will begin a^-ain next Sunday. The con
gregation will use Stiles Hall until the
new church building at the corner of
1 >ana street and Bancroft way Is com
r>!' ted.
A special meeting of the Berkeley branch
of the Red Cross Society will be held
next Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock, In
the First Congregational Church, on
Dana street. The purpose of the me f-t-intff -t
intf is the election of a new president, in
pla< t Mrs. C. R. Oreenleaf, resigned.
Leroy < '. jlrif.k.-r <>f the United States
steamship Albatross, and Miss B*lorene«
Schultze, daughter of the cv. G. J.
S^hultz<-. were married yesterday even
ing in the M. B. < I )iurch of Lorin.
The rifles belonging to the military d»
partment <>f the university <<t California,
■\vlii< h have been stored for the summer
in the Benlda arsenal, will be shipped to
Berkeley next week. The shipment will
include, altogether, r .2' guns.
Dawson City Heard From.
ALAMKDA. Aug. s.— There has been a
great deal of anxiety about tHe steamer
Dawson City, which left here on June 2.'!
with a party of well-known Alameda peo
ple on board. A wppk a#o last Sunday a
city paper published a statement from
a captain of a steamer hailinp from St.
Michael to the effect that he hart seen
the Dawson City at that place. This was
not correct, and since then diligent in
quiry baa been made from all arrivals
from the- north for news of the vessel.
The captain at the steamer Humboldt
reports that on July 21 be Baw the steam
er at Woods Island, where she had put in
for coal. She had run entirely out of
fuel and was under sail. She ought to
i  . reached St. Michael a week later.
All on board were well.
Judge Hunt Appointed.
AL. AM EDA. Aug. s.— Judge A. B. Hunt
of this city was made glad to-day by re
ceiving the appointment of Register at
the Land Office in San Francisco. He
had the indorsement of Senators and Con-
K ressmen nnd besides had a petition <«f
citizens over thirty feet long. It is un
derstood that he owea the position to
Congressman Hilborn, Senator Perkins
having stated this to be the case. .
The Library Suit.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— A special meeting
of the library trustees is to be held to
take action with regard to the suit
brought against the board yesterday to
enforce the double payment of the bills
embezzled by Harbourne. Treasurer
Wheeler intimates that if the suit Is
Dressed there may he some interesting
(U-v.-lopments with regard to the manner
in which the firms did business with Mr.
Harbourne.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. s.— On Monday night
the City Trustees authorized the con
struction of a sewer in Louisa street.
City Engineer Poyzer completed the sur
vey yesterday, the contract was let to
div and the work will begin at once.
The remaining members of Company
G held a meeting last evening and re
■iolved to maintain the organization. En
rollment lists will be opened and the
membership will be recruited as far as
possible. _
An Old Man Drops Dead.
John H. Kester, a familiar figure about
Chinatown, was taken ill on Bartlett al
ley last evening and died before a physi
cian could be called. Special Officer
Samuel Dageett noticed that the man,
who was about 65 years old, was sick, and
asked if he wished assistance. Kester re
plied that he would be better in a mo
ment, but as he continued to grow worse
Daggett took him Into a neighboring
store, where he died.
SWIFTWATER
ALL RIGHT
Mr. Laymance Hears
From Claim 13.
KNEW OF THE WOOLF LOAN
BILL OWNS HIS MANSION IN
THE LAKESIDE DISTRICT.
The Expedition Is Now Logging and
Preparing for the Resumption
of Mining Next
Winter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 5.
The stockholders In "Swiftwater Bill's"
company who reside in this city are not
In the least alarmed over the story sent
from Dawson that Mr. Gates has met
with a pecuniary unpleasantness. One
member of the expedition led north by
Gates from tills city some months ago
returned from Dawson to-day, and
brought a very reassuring report to Di
rector W. J. L>ayinniice.
It was in Oakland that Mr. Gates"
dream of taking to Dawson a company of
adventurers was realized. Mr. Gates
niado a K^od impression on the com
munity by purchasing the beautiful Hen
shaw mansion In the Lakeside district
and paying $2G,uuO for it, and after that
it was an easy matter for him to form
a stuck company. Mr. Gales was the
president, William J. Htnshaw (the
Danker) vice-president and Mr. Lay
mance the general manager. Since that
time Mr. Gates' little vagaries induced
Mr. Henshaw to withdraw, and Mr.
Laymance is now only a director. The
trouble with Dr. WOOlf at Dawson,
which cost Mr. Gates $2."»,rxlu to settle, was
not a surprise to the local stockholders.
"We were aware of the fact," said Mr.
Laymance, "that 'Swlftwater' borrowed
$25,000 from Dr. Woolf, and we knew that
he entered into a partnership with Smith
to run a saloon. These affairs are sim
ply copartnei>hlp affairs between Gates
and Smith, and do not affect the com
pany. Claim 13. of which Gates owns
one-eighth, turned out a Quarter <>t" a
million dollars, and his share was over
$40,0<X), so that he was quite able to at
tend to Dr. Woolf and stock his saloon
besides.
"One of our stockholders returned from
Dawson to-day, and brought us full ac
counts of 'Swiftwater's' doings. Every
thing is going along smoothly, and the
property la producing as richly as ever.
The men he took on the expedition are
now engaged in logging and filing their
timber on the company's property, ready
for use as soon as mining- again com
mences. ■■-■"- '."
"'Mr. Gates is still the owner of th,e
handsome residence he bought In this
city, and it is now rented, although prob
ably Mr. Gates may not come to Oak
land to take up his permanent resi
dence."
Since Mr. Gates took enough interest
in Oakland to buy a hr.me. In the. most
select quarter, this city has felt a keen
Interest in the Klondiker's doings, and
there was a fear at one time that "Swift
water" and Mists Gussie Lamore or her
sister might come over here and some
what disturb the Lakeside district; but
euch fear is now past. • :+£ . \- ■
OPPOSES ANNEXATION
OF THE PHILIPPINES
THE LABOR COUNCIL PUTS IT-
SELF ON RECORD.
Unahatable Conditions Existing
There Would Be a Menace to
Our Government.
At the meeting of the Snn Francisco
Labor Council last night a firm stand was
taken against the proposition to annex the
Philippine Islands upon practically the
same grounds as the Council some time
ago opposed annexation of Hawaii. The
resolutions were prepared by W. J. Mac
arthur of the Sailors' Union. Mr. Mac
arthur followed the sea for many years,
and having visited almost every spot on
the globe where merchant or carrying
ships touch is well posted on the condi
tions, manners and customs of all the im
portant islands in the Pacific. The resolu
tions are as follows:
Whereas, The developments of the war
against Spain have created a question as to
the ultimate policy of the United States with
regard to the Spanish territory occupied by our
forces, particularly In the Philippine Islands;
therefore, be It .
Resolved, By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil that we favor such disposition of the
Philippines as will redound to the greatest
rood of the Inhabitants thereof, without com
mitting the United States to a prolonged or
permanent responsibility for their government
and that we advise against the permanent re
tention of the Islands on the following grounds:
1. The possession ' and government of terri
tory lying at a great distance from the parent
country would be a departure from the policy
on. which our country is founded and upon
which It has grown to Its present dimensions
and power: a departure uncalled for by any
necessity of the general welfare and particu
larly inadvisable under the circumstances of
war and conquest with which the question is
Involved. :;:... : ' , ',-'■'. "•. "
2 The possession and government of terri
tory lying in or adjacent to the tropics neces
sarily Involves a policy opposed to the genius
of free Institutions, in that the natives of
such territory have so far displayed an in
capacity for self-government: hence they must
be governed by force in violation of the funda
mental principle that 'all just governments
rest upon the consent of the governed, and. at
great expense and constant danger. to the gov
e?m Territory lying In or adjacent, to the
3 Territory lying In or adjacent to the
tropics' cannot be colonized by the American
people owing to the enervating Influences of
climate and soil. Such territory must always
remain a mere "possession" or "dependency,
the soil of which must be worked by the na
tives under conditions more or less allied to
slavery and rendering tribute to the owners
of the soil and providing places of power and
emolument to Government favorites. •
4 The addition of such a system to the ex
isting problems of our Government. Intricate
and pressing as they are, would certainly work
harm to our people, not only by. distracting
pubUc attention from domestic affairs, but by
hindering the accomplishment pf means de
signed for the- safe and progressive conduct of
American affairs, owing to the inherent diffi
cult v if not impossibility, of constructing leg
islation concerning people and occupations of
widely different character and location.
Resolved. That we disapprove of the. plea for
the retention of the Philippine Islands on the
pretext of "expansion of" trade," believing
that such plea is inspired by the purely com
mercial instinct of profits, regardless ,of the
results, of permanent occupation.  v
Reports from delegates showed j a gen
eral depression In the various trades, the
musicians and printers reporting work at
their trades as unusually bad for the sea
son • Preparations for the joint celebra
tion of Labor day on September 5 at
Shell Mound Park have proceeded so far
that all the preliminaries have been com
pleted and a first-class programme ar
ranged. Convention of the Typograph-
The State Convention of the Typograph
ical Union will be held next week in the
chambers of the Board of Supervisors. .
The Hibernians.
Division No. 1 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, Board of Erin, at its annual
meeting last Thursday night had the fol
lowing named Installed officers for the
ensuing term: James McOurry, president;
John Cronln, vice-president; J. Shinkwln,
recording secretary; B. McCann, financial
secretary: Myles Kelly, treasurer; and
M. McGibney, sergeant at arms. J. J.
Keating, county deputy, was the install
ing officer.
Admiral Miller Writes
About Prize money in tne .wavy
In Next Sunday' 3 Call,
MAY TEAR UP
OLD TRACKS
Several Franchises Have
Been Violated.
WATKINSON'S NEW 'MOVE
STREETS SHOULD BE CLEAR CF
DISUSED RAILS.
Many Miles Have Been Discarded
Under the New System of the
Railroad Syndi
cate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 5.
The tearing up of unused street rail
road tracks in San Francisco threatens
to become epidemic so far as Oakland
is concerned. The desire to rid the streets
of the nuisance of discarded tracks has
seized Councilman Watkinson and he has
inaugurated a movement to have all rails
taken up on streets where the fraiichis-s
are not in use.
There are many miles of such tracks
in this city. When the street railroads
were divided among half a dozen com
panies, routes were paralleled on alter
nate Mocks in nearly all directions. When
the syndicate bought in all the smaller
companies with the exception of the
Southern Pacific lines and the Haywards
electric road it entered upon an adminis
tration of economy that included cutting
off every inch of road that did not
and of discontinuing every line that ran
in the B&me direction and within a few
blocks of another line.
In West Oakland there were three lines
going to Sixteenth-street depot; now there
ure but two. In Oakland proper lines
were duplicated on almost every street
In the center of the city. But now many
small franchises are discarded and many
less cars are required to perform the
Bervice. In East Oakland the branch of
the Highland Park road along Commerce
street is discontinued, and the travel both
ways his been diverted to Thlrt>
avenue. On Eleventh street, east of
Broadway, the cars have been taken off
for some distance and are brought in on
Twelfth strict, and a franchise is now
being sought so that more of Eleventh
street can be abandoned. Formerly there
were two systems running to Mountain
View Cemetery; now there is but one.
All thene changes have left small por
tions of franchises unused all over town
and Mr. Watkinson is of the opinion that
the rails should be at once taken up.
City Attorney Dow baa advised the
Council that the franchises must be for
feited by ordinance, and a resolution will
be Introduced at the next meeting citing
the superintendent of the company to
;ipi>ear and show cause why the aoiindon
ed portions of the road should not be
cleared of the tracks.
MARE'S NEST IN NORTH SEA.
Discovery or Japanese a.iguumuci=,
La Mafia, Russian Nihilists and -
Fenians by the Commissioner.
Immigration Commissioner North has
discovered tWO or three mares' n-sts
while occupying his present office, and is
giving Commissioner Powderly the bene- !
lit thereof. One Is to the effect* that he
has learned that there are Japanese
highbinders in this city and that they go
armed with knives concealed in fans and
are scattered all over town thirsting for
blood. It is proper to say for the benefit
of strangers, like Commissioner Powder
ly who is in danger of being- "worked"
by this yam, that there is not a word of
truth in the allegation and that neither
the police nor the press have learned of
the existence of such an organization.
But it is understood that Mr. Norths
imagination will not be iKmtent to rest
here and that his report to Mr. Powderly ,
will give the particulars of the doings i
of a band of Russian nihilists, who feed
their blood-thirsty appetites on caviar
and onions in a well-known beer saloon
.very Saturday night under the pretense
of being a Maguire Club. It is under
stood also that Mr. North s> able state
document will tell all about the nefarious
designs of La Mafia, members .of which
have been seen eating spaghetti and
cheese with a most ferocious expression
of countenance. After that it will be mare
child's play to inform Mr. Powderly of
the existence of the Fenian Brotherhood
in this city, all the members of which are
being watched with an eagle. eye oy Mr.
North just before election. . .
WILL HOLD ITS ANNUAL RALLY
Cadets of the First District, L. C. C,
to Compete for a Medal.
The annual rally and essay contest of the
First District League of the Cross of the
■Vrrhdioctse of San Francisco will be held
on Sunday afternoon, th<- 7th inst., at St.
Paul's Hall, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church btreets.
This district comprises the parishes of
St. Peter's, St. James', St. Paul's and St.
John's. The exercises will begin precisely
at 2 o'clock and will mainly consist of the
reading of essays oy members represent
ing the various parishes specified. The
.subject to be discussed is "Temperance
and Patriotism," und the judges will be
Professor Joseph O'Connor, Brother
Ananias of the Christian Brothers, Flor
ence McAuliffe and Hon. H. J. Stafford.
The young men entered for the contest
are- lieutenant Will Kelly, battalion ad
jutant of the L. C. C, who represents St.
James' parish; Private Chris Buckley of
Company K. U C. C. representing St.
Paul's parish, and Private Henry Fan
nine of Company 0., L. C. C, represent
ing St. John's pnrlsh. The successful con
testant will be presented with the district
silver medal which will entitle him to
represent the first district in the compe
tition for the archbishop's diamand
medal in July of next year.
Attorney 1). A. Ryan will deliver a tem
perance address and a select programme
of musical numbers will be presented.
USED A HATCHET.
William Johnson and Jerry Sullivan
Fight Over a Woman.
A quarrel over a woman resulted in a
tight between William Johnson, a painter,
and Jerry Sullivan, an expressman, last
evening and during the encounter the
former used a lather's hatchet on Sulli
van, inflicting several superficial wounds
on his head and face. Johnson was ar
rested by Officer Dillon and taken to the
Harbor Station and charged with assault
to murder. The wounded man was re
moved to the hospital, where his slight In
juries were dressed by Doctors Hill and
Zabala.
Two months ago the trouble between
the men first commenced and at that time
It is claimed that Sullivan used a knife
on Johnson. Since then Johnson says he
has been avoiding the expressman, fcut he
asserts that last evening as be was going
to his shop at 16 Commercial street Sul
livan assaulted him with a club, and
shows a lacerated wound on the right arm
lr, support of the statement. During the
fight John Davis, a friend of Sullivan,
who tried to prevent trouble, received a
cut on the arm.
Fish Killed With Dynamite.
The State i-ipn l ommissionera are re
joicing over the rapture of three fellows
who for the past few years have caused
them much trouble. Complaints were
frequent that fish of all kinds and sizes
were being destroyed in the Russian
River by the use of dynamite. Many
time's the dcpiraflfl of the commission
have made trips along the river, but the
miscreants seemed to know when they
were near, and nothing came of the at
tempts to stop the destruction until last
Saturday. Deputy C. A. Vogelsang, as
sisted by Constable Ord of Cloverdale.
made a raid into Mendocino County, and
were so fortunate as to arrest three Por
tuguese, against whom they have all the
evidence necessary to secure a convic
tion. Two others, learning of the fate of
their comrades, made tlieir escape. The
prisoners were taken to T'kiah, where
they were held in $500 bonds each for
trial in the Superior Court by Justice of
the Peace Critch field. This makes the
sixteenth arrest for killing fish with dy
namite this season.
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Attor-
ney A. A. Fviedlander.
The dispute between Washington Ir
win and Attorney A. A. Friedlander as
to the ownership of the Dawson City sa
loon, 230 East street, which has been
taken into the Superior Court, will also
have an airing in the Police Court.
Yesterday afternoon Irwin swore to a
complaint in Judge Oonl.in'a court for the
arrest of Friedlander on the charge of
felony embenAement Irwin alleges that
Frtedtander an July 23 collected $133 30
for him. which he retained for his own
usi s and purposes.
Irwin's wife was also around the courts
wanting a warrant for Friedlander's ar
res I for using vulgar and disgraceful lan
guage toward her. As she had no wit
ness with her she did not get the warrant.
Funeral of William F. Goad.
The remains of the late William P.
Goad, who died suddenly last "Wedneseday
morning- at the Hotel Rafael, -were in
tcried yesterday afternoon in Laurel Hill
Cemetery. The obsequies, .both at
the late home of Mr. Goad on Washington
and Gough streets, and at the grave, were
participated in by the relative* of the de
crased and a large number of friends who
crowded around the bier to take ,'i last
look at the features of the dead. The fol
lowing pall bearers were chosen from :he
intimate friends of the deceased: Lloyd
Tevis, Captain Oliver Eldrid^e, Colonel
George E. Gray. Winfield S. Jones. Justice
Ralph C. Harrison, Judge William T.
Wallace, A. W. Foster and John Boggs, of
this city, ' and Colonel Hagarand J. C.
Harrington of Colusa.'
Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examination
will be Ik-lil for the postal service in this
city on some date between October 1 and
16, l v '. |v; . All persona who desire to be
| examined should apply to the secretary
of the Board of Examiners at the Post
office for application blanks, and full in
formation relative to the scope of the
; examination. Applications on form 1"1
! must be Sled in complete form with the
secretary of the board prior to the hour
'of closing business on September I;
! otherwise, the applicants cannot be ex
; aminfil. Soon after filing applications
; applicants will be notified as to the exact
j date of examination.
LATE SHIPI'IXG INTELLIGENCE.
. i " r / .ARRIVED, ;; .' .
■ . ' ■ ." . " . August 5.
Stmr.' I.aguna, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
harbor. -." - : "■■ -- : .^^>.
y^*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ma^^KjWt (*2ii KEABXT ST. Established
frjOTjC^'ft j,, ij«s4 forthetrwitmt'ntiif Private
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KSABST*r. Established
in 1534 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
K}j%&A*j*J^/f}<* wearing on bo<iy and mind and
Jwffij^^a .--kin Disease's. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
S^SIBSSCJas ('ur<>ii|;iiar.in(('rd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. l.^iltiiiON. ttox l9&7,Saa Francisco.
OCEAN TBAV4&,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i ll^ * . Steamers leave Broadway
kN",*. wharf, Hun Francisco:
1 181?'%^. For Alasl ■ ports. 10 a. m.,
l'sg3£w¥*'S August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept 3,
I SSL CKip^ transfer at Seattle.
I EtJl.. s ' " Alaskan ports (from
) rfflr rT -*T*T^*i 'l Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
l^^^^l^y Q August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
For Vlctr- i. Vancouver, (B.
C■» Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
Anacortes and New Whateom (Wash.). ■10 a.
m., August 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29, Sept 3. and every
fifth clay thereafter,- c-nnectlng at Seattle with,
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit- N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P- Ry.
; For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a, m. Aug.
i 6. 12. IS. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
j thereafter.
For Santa. Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
' Cavucos Port Harfbrd, (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1, 5. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25, 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obif=po) Santa Barbara, Port
' Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
i m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter. : ■-•; ;
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ran Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altnta, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of
every month. . . ... ••• .
For further Information obtain folder. •
• The company reserves the right to . changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar ,i hniirp'-nf 'fMtillnar.' • .
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F> ORT.LA 3ST ID
1.- From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
ETA DC $12 First Class Including Berths
innL $« Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Aug. 3, 13. 23. Sept. 2
State of California. July 30 .Aug. S, IS, 2S, Sept. 7
St. Paul $16 00 |St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 , »0
Omaha ....:. 26 00 1 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
:: 630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new); 42 North j-^q.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <uSRI5 l
by this line avoid both transit by ■3t«wN-&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New " York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second dags, $116. •' ■ ' ' ■' . > .'
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 13. 10 a, m.
LA N0RMANP1E.......... Aug. 10, 10 a. m.
LA OASCOQNH Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE' ...Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a.m.
" For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALR TRANSATLAN-
TIQI'E. Agent, . . "
. . •- No. 3 Bowling Green. New York. .
J. F. FUGAXI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
• Tnf> s - • <s - mariposa
/^rT^adSaMelaft*^ 0119 vla Honolulu and
•«y-jlsr"»El BU *"* "Auckland for Sydney
mys?Z±\£Si Wednesday, August 10.
fMMaBMjVfI The S. S. MARIPOSA
"jFj §aS«a«L s ''' !ls v!n Honolulu and
*|L, ff " a "* f Auck!n!id for Sydney
Jj Wednesday, August 10,
iV^W^tfoiniSllSO^' Ij - ne Australia, and
*«^^C' l 5S'" l)l "l: nn I X - Australia, and
*^-iF^ (OfHB3R^h OAPF> TOWN. South
VJHI^UIMf^ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents."
.....,.'.!•■ . 114 Montgomery -st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
" FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. \
.' Stoamar "MonticeUo."
Men.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat "
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thars.)
Fridays .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .........:1(>:S0 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission . Dock. Pier 8.
,' Telephone P.ed 2241. "
RAILROAD TBAVZL. :,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sauaallte Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
■ AND SAN RAFAEL.. - -.-. ,
WEEK DAYS— *«:00, •9:30. ll:00»a. m. ;
n-45 3:20, 4:00, 5:16, , "6:00. 6:30. p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
I "SUNDAYS-»8:OO,' »9:00, '•10:00,;* 11:00. 11:30
' a. m.: 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, *4:00, 5:30, 6:43 p. m. • :
ll'Oo'a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sunday-.
-30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35. 7:55, 8:25, »9:50
[am; '12:20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS 0n... Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ":-■••.■•
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, -• »8:00, «9:45, *1Q:45. •11:45
am; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30.. •5:15,»6:00. 7:00 p. in.
i Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FR<>\* MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. -.. 6:45, 7:55, 8:48, .10:10
a m : 12:40, 2:25. 3:55, 4:55. 5:20 p. m. * -•■■-';
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. - • . .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20,
2:40, 8:55. 5:30, 6:30 p. m. - • ;•-. .
■ . ■ : A -THROUGH. TRAINS. ,
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m.' — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p.' m. week \ days . (Saturday j excepted) — To-
■ males and way stations. i .r\ ,::.: :> '" :
8:00 a. m. Sundays — C'azadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
BA3XB.OAD ; TRAVEL. '> .-
.SOUTH KKJi I'At'll'R COMlfAii'X. **
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trolna l*ai«» mill MTW due to ltrrl«« »•
NAN nuiinwt.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) .- -■:■: -.
r.BAVE — From July 10, 1395. — arkjv«
•0:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations;.. ■ »8?43a
7iOOa Hcuicia, Suisuu and Sai.Tiiiuento 10:43 a
7:«Oa. MarysTille, Oruvilluaud Redding Tia "
Woodland ..• 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira. Vacaville and Rmusey .8:45p
7::IOa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caltstoga and Santa Rosa /.. 6:15p
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kast.. 8:43p
«::i«a Sun Jose, Stockton. -Valley Spring, ' ' ■ ■■-,;
lone, Sacramento, M«ry»»illo, '
Chico, Tfhauia and Red Hmtl.... 4:ll»p
.<4::iOa Peters, Oakdale»nd Jamestown.... • 7:i3p
'•»::»Oa Milton •«:13p
!t:«MiA New Orleans ItßMass. Miarced, Fres-
Ml Uakersllol'l. Santa' Hurliara,
Ih)3 Angeles, Dfiuiiiß. 121 Paso,
New Orleans aud'Kust 7 6:4."1p
I0:OOa Vdlejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers «»:OOp
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»:lsa
8:©Op Livermore, Mendota, Hanford- »nd ' ••_•
1 Visalia -!.. • 4:13p
LiTermore, San Jose, Nilesand Way .
Stations ..............V :lOil3a
l:IIOp Martinez, Pan Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Oalistoga, Xl Verauo and -■-■
SnnUltosa.....-...; »il*A
4:« Op Benieia, Vaca»ille, Woodland, ..„'..
" Knights landing, Marysville, Oro-
Tille and Huer*nionto 10:43*
4:3»»p Niies, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 3 p
4:30p Stockton and Lodi .".. l*:l3r
4:3Ol- Lattir. Modesto, Merced, Fresno. ■■-
Mojare, .Santa Barbara and l.oa • - ■ . •
A.n eU» ' 7i43a
«:30p Mirtlnei, Moreed (Raymond for '-'._
Yosemite) and Fresno 12:1 5f
4i:tOp Santa In Koute. AtluuKo Uxprees
forMojiivu and Kiist 6:43f
6:ooi> Kuroi>euii Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:43*
•«:«Oi- Vallejo 12:13p
OiliOfllaywimK Kites and San Jose 7:45 a
t7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa Way Sta-
tions J»:43r.
8:U0p Oregon Hx press, .Sacramento, Marys- \
vilk-, Iteddinc Portland, Puget "
Hohihl and Kant »:Isa
SAM LKA.NORO AM) UAVUAIU»S LOCAL. -
(Foot of Market Street.) . . .
V JHelro\«, Seminary Park, (■ 7:15 a .
8:O«a rilclii.iiru'. V.linhurst, T!! : iiJ v
» : «J» A San I.eandro, South Sam "•«}?*
<il"ioo£ l>»«dro, F^tndlllo, ]}>:{£
112:00 m Lorenxo, (Jherrjr . • ti:4»p
•»soop and ' . t*'-**r
s:imii' Hajnrardß. i5:1.".p
7:« Op i Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
J t From Nilca. I v ' ,
COAST UIVInION (Narrow «a«Re). -
(Foot of Market Street.)
t?:43A Santa Cruz Rxcursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSiOSp
B:l3ANewark,CenterTille,SaaJose,Felton, -
• Boulder Creck.SanU Cruz and Way
Stations 8«30p
•2ilßp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New \ •
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, •
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Moi3Oa
1:1. San Jose. CJlenjvood * Way Stations 9:20*
04:13p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz.. .... j»:24U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSAlt miIOISCQ— Foot of stirkst Street (Slip — •
•7:15. 9:00 H:OOa.U. - }l:00 *2:ff0, 43:10
•4:00 tS:O9 *6:00r.M. . .■ . ..- ■•.< .'
rromOAIUHD— Foot orßroadw»j.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U3:00 "1:00 t2:00 *3roo 11:00 "8:00
COAST I>l VISION (Broad Oituge). ■ ""
■ (Third mid Townssnd Sts.)
•7:00 a Sun Job« and Way St*ti ( (New ' ■
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l«30p
t7(3OA Sunday Excursion for Baa Jowl / ■■•■•■>.
Santa Cruz, P&ciQo Grove and
Principal Way Stations. ; lS:33p
9:00 a Han Jose, Trc-3 Piuos, H.intiv Cniz. I
Pacilio (trore. Paso Rubles. SauV?;->"
Luis ())i!«iio. Quadalup*. Surf and . -.
•'-;: '-. Principal Way .StKtions 4:10r
1O:4Oa San .limb and Way Stations ««»:«Oa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *Bt35A
•2:43rSan Mateo, Redwood. Men!o Park. >:'';;","-
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
Uilroy, Hollister, Santa Onus,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacluo
Grove »lO:3fflU.
•il:HOp San Jose and Way Stations *»iOO* '
•4:13p SanJosoand Principal Way Stations »:43a
•SlOOp San Jose aud Principal Way Stations i 6::i-"»A
5::50 - San .lose and Principal Way Stations . s;'.i»r
<l::tOi- Smi Jose and Way .Stations.. 7:30p
tll:4si' Sun Jose ami Way Stations 7:30P
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
•Sundays exeet>ted. J Sundays only. Sat.ni ■.liiy« only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
i , Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00. a. m., 12:35,
■ 3:30, 5:10, 6;30 p. m. Thursday^s— Extra trip
! at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:00
! and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11. a. in. ; 1:30, 2:50, :
I 5:00, 6:20 p. m. .'"'
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, I:SD. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
| 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. '
1 SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:2.-, p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
I same schedule as above. . : .
Leave ' . '• v - - Arrive .- .
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
. — June 29, . — -
Week I ■ Sun- 189 S. - Sun- I Week .
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80pm 9;Soam Petaluma, C:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 inn s:oopmf Santa Rosa. 7:3 a pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton. ' .' ■ ■
7:30 am Windsor, • 10:25 am
HealdKburg, • ..' .' ,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:3o ami t I Hopland and ) ■ ]10:25 am
S:3opm| 8:00 am Ukiah. [ 7:35 pmi 6:22pm:
7:Joam 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pra ,
7:3oam 8:00 am \ Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ .: ." ■ and ■' •"• ■ ■ : ■■' •-•■■-»''
B:10pm 5:00 Glen Kllen. [ 6:lo pm{ 6:22pm
*7:3oam| 8:00 am! . Sevastopol. 110:40 am|10:25ara
3:3o pm| 5:00 pm|, J 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
Bervllle for Sknggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Ireland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Hay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at T'kinh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's t River-
Bide Lierley's, Bucknell's, .Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Boonevlfie. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino oUy, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal. "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. - ' * - :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*
A W. FOSTER. R- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
: . THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping. Cars '
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping. Cars \ '
Run on the Following Time
Leave San Francisco.4:3o p. m., &M.T.W.T.F.3. ,
Arrive Denver.. ......0:00 p. m., W.T.F.3.5.M.T.
Arrive Kansas Clty..T:Co a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W. •:
Arrive St. Louis .6:15 m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago....... i:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS .; >.
©erve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pe..
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 528 MARKET ST.
7,* • TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. .. ;
Oakland OflEoe— lllB Broadway. .■■.■- '-. ' ;
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.. '-.'',
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. :
From Jane 1, IS9S, trains will run. as followi:
South-bound. . -. North-bound. , ."
Passen- I Mixed. . Mixed. | Passen-
ger, I Sunday Sta- Sunday i - ger, .. j
Dally. Exempted tlons. . Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pm . 5:40 p in"
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 p m • Fresno 9:30 am ' ?:20 p m -".
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1.25 pm.
2:45 p mil p m B'k'rsfld . 2:30 a m 10:13 an»
12:05 pm 7:50 p m Visalla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required. ■
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of >
California Navigation, and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton, at < .'
' m daily; at v -n ■ l with stages to and from,':
Snelllngs, CoultervlUe, Yosemlte, : etc. ; - ala«
with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa. etc.: at
Lankershlm with stage to and from . Madera. i_ :•:
MOUNT TAHALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Saußallt-" Fero'.) .).' '.-i. '.
Leave San Francisco, coiuioeuclnx M*j X. ;
18*8:
Week Days — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. ~-- : :
. Sundays— 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 ao4 *,
I to p. in. - ' - ....,,.. i ..- ««v -*^>^5 %f
Hound trip from Mill Valley. $L _ ; ■'"
THOS. COOK & SON, Agent*. Uarktf
street. San Francisco. .
1112
ORDERED
THE CASE
DISMISSED
Peculiar Methods of
Judge Mogan.
WILLIS' SUPREME PULL
THE JANITOR - POLITICIAN
SCORES A VICTORY.
He Induces the Court to Have the
Woman Whom He Insulted
Taken Into Cus
tody.
Ike Willis, politlcip-n and janitor, was
arrested Thursday night and charged
■with vulgar language.
Shortly after 1" o'clock a woman who
poses as his wife was walking along
Powell street, when she was accosted by
Willis, who' applied an opprobrious epi
thet to her. Sergeant Harper, who hap
pened to be present, placed Willis under
arrest for vulgar language. Yesterday
the case was heard by Judge Mogan and
notwithstanding that Sergeant Harper
[vely swore that Willis had used the
language attributed to him, the court dis
missed the charge.
To the astonishment of the arresting
officer and even Willis himself Mogan
turned to Harper and ordered him to ar
rest, the woman.
"She is the guilty party," he rather em
phatically remarked. "I order you to
bring her into this court forthwith."
The extraordinary action of Mogan
dumfounded the court attaches and
d a titter of merriment to run
through the crowd of hangers-on. Har
per attempted to explain that it was a
mistake to arrest the woman, but he
was promptly cut short by the officious
Judge.
As the woman was In no way guilty of
tiny wrong-doing, but was grossly insult
ed by Willis, Chief L< es does not intend
to arrest her. The police admit that .she
is not of good character, but they claim
that Mogan has no right to order her
into custody, considering that no charge
is pending against her. They also assert
•\Villi:- i living with the woman
and as she threatened to leave him he
resorted to billingsgate in order to in
timidate her.
Several witnesses were subpenaed by
rosecution to show that Willis had
used vile language, and when placed un
der arrest threatened to "break" the- of
ficer. For some unexplaii.- >i reason the
ling officer of No. 1 court refused
•:y. but ordered Wil
lis discharged without even the formality
of a trial.
Willis has frequently boasted that he
could "squar any i ase In the Police
Court, and judging fr..m the disposition
Of his case he has certainly kept his
word.
FOR PURE FOOD AND
SMOOTH HIGHWAYS
REVIVING THE COUNCIL OF
ASSOCIATED INDUSTRIES.
Meeting of Delegates from the Com
mercial Bodies to Be Called.
To Enter Into Politics.
The first move toward reorganizing the
Council of Associated Industries was
made yesterday by the Manufacturers'
and Producers' A ' '■■, as previous
|y announced by The CalL At a meet
ing of the directors of that body Presi
dent Sbarbaro stated that the Legisla
ture is to meet soon, and it is now time
to take up the work again that was un
dertaken before the lasi session of the;
law makers at Sacramento. The com- j
bined efforts of the Chamber of Com- j
meree, California State Board of Trade,
Merchants' Association, Miners' Associa- j
tion and other equally influential bodies
had done much good for the general pub
lic, but the work was by no means Jin- ;
ished. The pure food question must be!
taken hold of again and agitated until
the laws are made so strici that it will
be better for dealers and manufacturers
to furnish pure foods than adulterated
and impure goods. For the protection
of free white labor the lines must bo j
drawn closer and tighter around the con- i
vht-made goods question. Better roads
must be constructed and all these re
forms must be accomplished through the !
representatives of the people in the Leg- i
islature.
It was also stated that the associa
tfon would not enter into politics for the i
sake of politics, l.ut for the benefit of .
the State, and the people and the en
largement of the industries. It was de- '
cided to have Presideni J. A. Filcher call ;
a meeting of the council at an early date ;
and begin the laying of a plan for fu
ture operations. Previous to asking for
this c.iil the officers of the Manufactur
ers' Association will hold a meeting with !
the Board of Health and Attorney Dunne
with a view ot learning what amend- I
merits to the present lAWS and what new
laws will be desirable to recommend :
when the council meets. The purpose of
this is to find what can be accomplished
and what is the most important to com
mence upon lirst. Then there must be j
work with all the power at the disposal I
of the organizations to accomplish the]
desired results.
Alice Rix Writes About the
Princess Who Wanted to Be Queen
In Next Sunday's Call.
OUTSIDE DISTRICT LIGHTS.
The Question Being Carefully Con-
sidered by the Supervisors.
Since the new contract for the lighting
of the public streets has been let to the
Ban Francis-) Gaa mid Electric Light
Company, which runs fur two years from
the iirst of the present month, several
applications have been made, to the Su
pervisors and ;ih : '> the light company for
lamps on outside districts.
• The petition <>f H. H. Clifford Is for him
self and other property owners on the
line of Silver avenue from Mission street
to the San Bruno road, a distance of
about three mites. On this stretch of
tew territory, which has within the past
Sew years income a favorite drive, the
firoperty owners want thirty-five electirc
ipiits distributed at the intersections of
Cambridge, Way land, Bacon, Girard, Bur
rows, Felton, Gottinken, University, Ed
inburgh, London and Sillman streets, or
such other points as the Supervisors may
designate, so long as the lamps are placed
aloiiK the line of street.
In addition to this they ask that hy
drants be placed at convenient locations,
so they may be approached by the en
gines of the Fire Department. Added to
this the service of a few police call boxes
would be considered a special favor to
the residents, as well as a convenience
to the officers on duty. Fifteenth ave
nue (south) is Jn for a requisition for a
few lamps from San Bruno road to Rail
road avenue.
Sunset Valley has asked for ten 2000
randle power lights for that section;
Richmond wants six distributed over its
ares; Capp street is modest and would
be satisfied with four, while the people
living along the line of the Mission and
who travel over the Ingle.side road want
.at the very least fifteen, from Mission
street to the end of the electric car line
west of the race course. Van Ness and
Golden Gate avenues are, it is under
stood, to be lighted up, as they are the
two main driveways from the lower por
tion ■ " ho city to the park.
The Park Commissioners are laying
mains along the western roads for con
duits through which wires will be run
to light up all the driveways from Stan
yan street to the ocean. Lamps are now
up as far west as Strawberry Hill, and
before the winter months set in the en
tire western portion will be lighted up.
It is expected that during next week
the Supervisors will issue instructions to
the light company to proceed with the
locating of poles for the outside dis
tricts.
GAY DOINGS AT TIBTJRON.
Corinthian Yachtsmen Will Enter-
tain Their Frienes at a Great
Clambake on Sunday.
At a meeting of the directors of the
! Corinthian Yacht Club, held on Thursday,
the following were present: Commodore i
Carl Westerfeld, in the chair; Treasurer j
C. L. Barrett, Secretary E. B. Lathrop,
Port Captain J. H. Keefe and Director
O. Eastwood. The principal subject of
discussion was the big clambake to be
given on Sunday at the Corinthian club
[ house. The entertainment is intended
illy for non-yacht owning members,
and for the singers and others who have
I generously given their services to the
I club on several occasions. Many of the
oldtime members will attend, and pro
vision Will be made to feed and refresh a
goodly crowd. A big hollow has been
blasted in the rocks at the point and part
ly tilled with large round stones; to-mor
row night a fire will be built in the hol
low and on Sunday morning clams, spring
chickens, potatoes and green corn, em
bosomed in abundance of seaweed, will be
cooked under the supervision of George
Croll, superintendent of the fish yard at
California * Ity. The whole affair will be
conducted In accordance with the strict
est Nantucket traditions, and a great suc
cess Is expected. The awning will be put
up round the piazza, and the tables set |
out. Invitations have been issued to Ben i
Tarbox, H. Mitchell, Frank Thompson
and the rest of "the talent." The f< ast
will begin at 1 p. m. Most of the Corin
thian boats will return to their moorings j
in good time on Sunday morning and will i
display their bunting to add gayety to the
Bcene. Ex-Commodore J. W. Pew's sloop
Truant, with Fulton Berry, C. L. Barrett ■
and Al Gerherdlng on board, will cruise
up to McNeara Landing on Saturday
night, and Commodore Carl Westerf eld's j
sloop Aeolus will take a short sail on Sun- i
day morning. An all-round good time is
confidently expected.
Before the present yachting season
closes at the end of October an addition
will be made to the clubhouse, whereby
much-needed lockers and other accommo- ;
dations will be provided.
IT WILL BE A
GRAND RECEPTION
A ROUSING FAREWELL TO THE
SEVENTH.
A Parting Review of the Gallant
Soldiers From Southern Cali
fornia for To-Night.
When the gallant Seventh California Vol
unteer Infantry martin s on the floor of
the Mechanics' Pavilion this even
ing it will recefve ;i greeting which l>!<ls
fair to raise the roof off that famous
structure. Composed as the regiment is
almost entirely of Native Sons, the patri
otic people of this (ity and the south,
from which many came, wiil rise up and
cheer them as only Californians can.
Flass will form a pleasing feature of the
greeting. ;is each spectator has been
asked to bring one, wheth< r it be on a
stick or in the form of a handkerchief.
The magnificent reception to the boys in
blue Is being prepared by the Knights
Templar, who ar» ably seconded by the
Red Cross Society of this sc:-.\ Every
' thing is being done to make the occasion
one to be long rem< inhered in the annals
of both societies. Invitations have been
forwarded to the" various auxiliaries
throughout the State, and as the raHroad
company has consented to a half rate
• many hundreds will journey to the city
i to participate In the big event.
"While the audience is assembling the
i Seventh Regiment band will give a short
concert, beginning at 7:30 o'clock.
The following will be the programme of
; evolutions by the regiment:
Evolutions of the Seventh Uf>rfm«nt, Call
fornla Infantry, Colonel John R. Berry, com- |
mandlng— Pitching shelter tents, Company I>. i
Pomona, Captain H. T. Matthew; physical ex
ercise with arms, First Battalion, Seventh Cal-
Krank T. Prescott: in-
Btructlcns of non-commissioned officers, Lieu
■ : Wo. Q. Schrelber; guard nn>unt
eventh California Infuntrs Captain F.
M Reynolds, new officer of the <iay; Captain
Wankowskt. old officer ot the day;
Captain il. D. Alfonso, adjutant; First Lieu
tenant L. S. Chappelear, commander <>f guanl;
Second Lieutenant Lonli PaUntag, junior offi
cer of tiv guard; school of battalion. Third
Battalion Seventh California Infantry. Major
William <> Welch; bs n Ise, i m
pa»y 11. Ventura, raptain A. W. Browne; ex- ]
apany I. Pasadena, Captain
W I- Llpplncott; battalion parade, s
BattfUinn, Beventh California Infantry, Major
Uan-> X Weller; rejrtmental review, Seventh j
California Infantry. Major General Merriam,
commamlinK the Department of California, re
viewing ofnrer.
THE RED MEN.
Figures That Show the Membership
and Finances of the Order.
At the session of the great council of
the Improved Order of Red Men Thursday
the greater portion of the day was taken
up in consideration of the report of the j
committee on laws and usages. There
were a number of minor changes, which
were finally adopted.
The supreme representatives presented
their report, which shows that the mem- \
bership In the United States is 155,387, an
Increase of !>7i3 during the year. The total \
receipts were J777.2W. and th<» expenditure j
for relief $389,436. The aggregate of money
of the tribes IS $1,680,210, and the tribal in
vestment:; amount to $1,338,889— an increase
of $52,328 during the year. The committee
.hi st:u<- of the order suggested the redis
tricting of the tribes In the reservation,
and that will be don.- to-day.
The great council of the Degree of Po- j
cahontas was engaged all day yesterday
In the discussion of amendments to the by
laws of the subordinate lodges. I -ate in
the afternoon the amendments were sub
mitted to the Great Council of the Red i
Men for approval.
In the evening the representatives paid ,
■ a visit to Pocahontas Council No. 3 in |
1 Shiels building to witness the exempli
i ficatlon of the adoption degree.
At th<- final session of the Great Coun- j
oil held yesterday, the per capita was
fixed at ?1. the report of the committee
on laws and usages was adopted and a
pasi chiefs certificate presented by F. i'>.
Swan and J. Barnes was adopted.
It was decided to give a prize of $100 ,
to the tribe that shall, at the :><-xt Great
il, show the largest percentage of
g.-iin in membership during the current
: great sun.
Resolutions thanking the retiring great
sachem and the press were adopted.
■Mi members of the Degree of Poca
hontas were, by invitation, present to
witness tin-- ceremony at raising up the
great chiefs, the work being done by the
past great chief. P.. F. Josselyn. acting
as great incohonee, assisted by a full
corps of past great chiefs.
The new great chief appointed Porter
1,. Bliss of No. 57 as great sanap, L. O. j
Bertin of No. 54 as great mishenawa. Per
cy S. Seymour of No. 77 as great guard
j of the wigwam, and S. L.. Kichards of No.
i 34 as great guard of the forest.
Joslah Sims, P. G. S., on behalf of the
Great Council, presented the retiring j
great sachem, F. A. Whipple, a handsome 1
gold-headed cane. After several long
talks the great body adjourned to meet
■ again in this city In IS'.»9.
YrsOerdny, in the Great Council of the
I Degree of "Pocahontas, the report of the I
i committee on by-laws for subordinate j
I councils, having been approved by the :
| Great Council of the Improved Order of i
j Red Men. was adopted.
The great chiefs elected and appointed
were then installed by Past Great Poea
| hontas Mrs. Nora Klenk, assisted by Past
I Great Pocahontas Mrs. Sara Gutstadt,
I and the council fire was quenched, to be !
j rekindled in 1899 in San Francisco.
In the Divorce Courts.
Dorothea Bolte has been granted a di
vorce from Harry Bolte on the ground
of willful neglect. The plaintiff was al
lowed to resume her maiden name, Koop.
Mary O'Doherty has sued Michael Do
herty lor a divorce. The plaintiff alleges
desertion as a cause of action.
Admiral Miller Writes
About Prize Money in the Navy
In Next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, IS»S.
DESPONDENT
MRS. REINER
Poverty Stricken Widow
of a Suicide
WHO WASTED A FORTUNE
THE POOR WOMAN, DRIVEN T(
DESPERATION, NEEDS WORK.
1 .
Not Long Ago She Attempted t
Drown Herself and Little Girl
Near the Cliff
House.
Her life blighted by the suicide of her
husband, her prospects in life darkened
by poverty and her mind possibly weak
; ened by -worrying. Mrs. Elizabeth Reiner
of 214 Turk street has evidently concluded
that life is not worth the living, and that
she will follow her husband to a suicide's
j grave. The despondent woman on Au
gust 2 wrote to Coroner Eden of Marin
County, at San Rafael, the following let
j ter:
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2. 1893.
i O Coroner Eden— l wait for you terrible bad.
'My landlord sent notice to me to pay rent In
3 days or leave the house. What shall I do?
i I find no work this day. I think It best for me
! next to my husband. Please call Quick. I nope
: you find me In the same place. REINER.
214 Turk street. ELIZABETH REINER.
The story of Frederick W. Reiner and |
his wife is a sad one. Reiner inherited a
fortune some years ago from j
relatives in Germany. The amount j
that he received has been . n _ e '"" I
mated all the way from SSOOO to |200.000.
This money he squandered, some say,
while others, among them his wife, de
clare that he lost it in the real estate
business, in which he was engaged lor |
some time. .-,
About a year ago, when his money was !
nearly all gone, he married. The woman i
was a widow and the mother of a little ;
girl. "When down to his last dollar he I
pawned, his diamonds and other jewelry j
and a Tine gun, which he had brought
with him from the German army, in
which he had served. With the proceeds
he went to Mexico in the hope of retriev
ing his fortunes.
"Soon after he had gone," said Mrs.
I Reiner, who was found at her humble
■ home last evening, "1 became despondent,
and. knowing that if Mr. Reiner failed in j
getting money, he would kill himself, as •
!he had threatened, I went out to the j
Cliff House, determined to drown myself |
and my little girl. With my child in my
arms I walked into the ocean, and some
water dashing into the little one's mouth, ;
she said, "Oh, mama, don't go any fur- I
! ther; I will get wet.' That stopped me.
1 thought for a moment, and then walked j
; out of the water. The child had saved ,
our lives, only to prolong our misery-
Reiner returned from Mexico penniless
and despondent. He and his wife then
went to Keswlck and worked there a
month, but not being able to stand The
' sulphurous fumes, they came back to San
' Francisco and took a house in an alley at
! oij Turk street*
* Foi a few weeks Mrs. Reiner obtained
: employment as a seamstress on Govern
ment clothing, her husband meantime en- j
deavoring in every possible way to secure \
work, but without success. The govern- j
ment sewing was completed, and again
were the Reiners without a cent.
Reiner had written to his relatives ask
ing them to lend him $1500 with which to
go into some business, and one day, about i
i three weeks ago, he received an answer ]
stating that they would not loan him any j
money. That day he went to Mill Valley
and killed himself. He lies buried in the
I potter's field near San Rafael. _•
"My letter to Coroner Eden, said Mrs. i
i Reiner, "was written for the purpose of
having him come to see me about my hus
band's affairs. Eden is the administrator
of his estate. I wanted him to get my hus
band's gun out of pawn and raffle it off,
and with the money give Mr. Reiner a
burial place in the San Rafael Cemetery.
I think Mr. Eden has some notes of my
husband, and I wanted to see if he could
not collect the money due on them. I have
been trying every day to get work, par- j
ticularly sewing. I ask no charity. All
> 1 want is work. I do hope some one will
I help me by giving me something to do.
"When my husband had money he had
! friends. When he lost his money he lost
his friends. Not one of them has assisted
\ me _ no t even .encouraged me. Do you
i wonder that I am despondent and wish to
be laid beside my husband? But for the
I sake of my child I shall try to live. But
work I must have to get bread for the lit
| tie one."
HER GLOVES CAUGHT FIRE.
Florence Williamson, a Nurse, Has
Both Hands Burned.
Florence Williamson, a nurse, living at
28 Webster street, while visiting friends at
»!23 O'Farrell street last night had both
her hands severely burned. Noticing that
her gloves were soiled the unfortunate
woman cleaned them with gasoline and
thf-n held them over a lighted coal oil
lamp to dry.
While her attention was temporarily ab
stracted the gloves caught fire and before
she could extinguish the flames her hands
were badly burned. The injured woman
was taken to the Receiving Hospital by a
friend, where she was treated by Dr.
Thomas Maher.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Stevens, G Valley C W Eastin, Modesto
J Lisle & w, S Lake H Burns, • S Antonio .
J Lake Cal .■■ Mrs Iraacs, Los Ang
R E Kent, Sacto Mrs Ogden. Sonora
J Cherfot & w, Cal Mr Ogden, Sonora
B Wilson, &w, Cal J V Rader. Fremont
M Kahn, Petaluma J Enyard. Chicago
J Garnett, "Willows Mrs Lambert, S- Diego
S Jess, Pomona N .Wines, Truckee
I G C Jess, Pomona J C O<>«d. Visalla
| D R Knull, Pomona ]H Fullfrton, Bradford
I O Taylor, Escondia C Sherwood. Mich
Mrs Taylor, Escondla'B F Heckert, Mich
I H Taylor, Escondia |H M Onley, Mich
I II Schoder.^ Los Ang IS G Putnam. Seattle
EC Moore, Los Ang ill "" ''rown, Astoria
II Prlnz, Monterey A Carruthers, Astoria
;.1 KimbrouKh, Texas J L Kin*. Syracuse
Canon, Esoondla V Turtlot. Pacific G
P McCollum, Salinas Miss Smith, Stockton
i A C Panton, Portland Miss L Smith. Stocktn
F M Jones, Portland E H Benton, Omaha
I J W Gavin, Portland P W Morse, Watson
! H Gavin,. Portland vllle
<\V Patterson, S Cruz Mrs 'Wilson, Winters
II Troy, . Washington J R Foster, Sacto
T Johnston &w, Cal W Douglass, Sacto
J T Quinn, Cal T Scott. Sacto
M Connor, Oakland J Neuman, N V
W Keller, Denver 8 Fletcher, Los Ang:
C L Simpson, Chlco B .Teaeue, Exeter .
Mrs M Harper, Wash Miss Geillert, Chicago
J Harper. Reno H F Wolff, Chicago
O Heustis, NY H C Jefters, N V
' A Jensen, Gardenvllle N Leete, Reno
I Dr Osborne, Eldrldge G Lingo, Birds Ldgr
| Mrs Osborne, Eldridge A Lpan. Marshfleld
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C CVXell. NY J Tyfe Jr. Stockton
U B Oonard, Ind U W Longford. Stktn
II Jumes, L Ang A J Miller, Dptrolt
C N Spear, Berkeley E M O'Brien, Chgo
Or J)) Yost. VS A \V T Somers, Utah
T i'tather. Stockton ID W Harrison, Utah
J M Robert*. Oakland R T Wilson. Vallejo
J S Rochland. Oaklnd \i Oarwood & w. Stktn
F Pale. Colo .Miss II Gray. Stocktn
P Zobele, L Ang 'J M Bowman Jr. N V
Mrs A Maxwell. Or |\V E Franklin. Ohio
J J Humphrey. Wash |C W Strine. Pa
F M Sherman, Or iMrs M H Dow, lowa
Mr« L Smith. Or J N Stelner, A exas
A E Gruchard. Wash |R B Davis. Texas
F Brookes, Mont R O Stockton, Chgo
Q Myers. Fresno N H Carson, Chgo
P Pood. Freano
C Dood. Chßo jR B Swayne & w,
E N Clintsman. Ind I Rakersfleld
PALACE HOTEL.
J Barueh. Los Ang E F Wilbur, Denver
X IJaroch, Los Ang v\ B Kerrle. Portland
<• T Stltt. ChicaKO E S Morine, Irvlngton
F S Pollndorff, N T C Mclver & w, f^al
A Itronsteln, Porliai:il Miss E Petltt. Phiia
E H Limner. Portland Jlt Petitt, Phlla
A J Chandler & w, Cal Capt Harford. Numea
E Lee, Denver IE V Weeks, Conn
Miss S Flftch/^ DenvriMrs L, A Weeks. Conn
\V ClauKhn. W Tnnlpeg C E Pearsell. Eureka
F C Lusk, Chleo F Fredericks, Nevada
E W Churohlll & w,Cal|F J Wood & w, N V
N3--.W WESTERN HOTEL.
E Carl, New Zealand S F Wriest & w, Cal
A J Born, S Rosa Rev Gil more, Montana
.1 F Gillen. T'klah Rabbi Werner, Ohio
J Smith, Courtland Mrs Sickles&<i. Prtld
J Sheeny. S Jose J Hlldebrandt, Denver
It Allen, NY L J Carl, Alaska
J P Furlong, Pinola J H Harney, Stent
G Dabovlch, S Cruz J Sherlock, El Dorado
J L Smith. Chicago C Robs. 8 Mateo
F Rogers. Fresno II M Foley, Chtco
C Johnson, Monterey |
TO HUNT FOR
A DERELICT
The Steamer Iroquois
Ordered Out.
THREE VESSELS ARE MISSING
IT IS PROBABLY THE REMAINS
OF ONE OF THEM.
Shipping Men Think It Is the Hull
of the Schooner Nomad, Long
Overdue at Puget Sound
From China.
The identity of the derelict that has been
sighted a number of times during the last
month by different coasting vessels will
soon be known. Captain Turner of the
United States steamship Iro<iuois re
ceived instructions yesterday to proceed
to Mare Island. There explosives will
be taken on bo«rd and the vessel will pro
ceed to sea in search of the vessel that
has for months been a menace to navi
gation. Captain Turner's instructions are
to bring the derelict into port if possi
ble, and if not to blow it up.
The first news came from Seattle in
the early part of last June. A vesse.l
bottom up was sighted off the Oregon
coast and the conclusion was reached that
it was the remains of the four-masted
schooner Nomad, long overdue at Puget
Sound from China. On June 15 Captain
Christenson of the schooner Eliza Miller
sighted another or the same derelict in
latitude 43.19 north, longitude 1ZJ.51 west.
In talking about the wreck yesterday
Captain Christenson said it might be the.
remains of the Nomad that he sighted
and again it might not. The hull stood
too high out of the water for the vessel
to have been laden when she turned over.
The vessel was apparently new and had
been freshly painted, but where the paint
had been worn off by the friction of the
waves he could see the cement in her
seams.
On July 16 Captain Rasmussen of the
schooner Louise also sighted the derelict
in latitude 38.08 north, longitude 129.54
west. From his description a number of
shipping men came to tne conclusion that
it was the hull of the ba™K Forest
Queen, long overdue at San Pedro from
Puget Sound, which he had sighted, while
others again thought it the remains of
the schooner Jane Gray. The latter ves
sel left Puget Sound last May for Kut
zebue and when ninety miles off Cape
Flattery capsized. Out of the sixty-two
people all told o;i hoard thlrty-r"uur were
drowned, and the vessel was supposed to
have foundered. No one actually saw
the vessel go down and shipping men
think that after the cargo and ballast
fell out of her the vessel rose out of the
water and has been floating around ever
since.
The general impression among the un
derwriters in regard to the thrice-sighted
derelict is that it is the hul. <.r the
schooner Nomad. The Forest Queen had
a deckload of piles, and they say that
she surely split up ami went to pieces.
The Jane Gray is reported to have gone
down, and as she was an old vessel the
chances are that if she did not k» to the
bottom she has been battered to pieces
long ago. The Nomad was a new vessel
on her maiden voyage and in ballast. It
would, therefore, seem to be "that she is
the derelict. If it is the Nomad, the
identilication of the hull will be the end
of a very sad tale. Captain MeAlep was
in command of her, and his son— his only
child— was also on the vessel. The wife
and mother is now at Seattle and refuses
to believe that the Nomad is lest, and
spends all her time waiting for tidings of
the missing vessel.
After leaving port Captain Turner will
take the lroquois out to the place where
the derelict was last sighted by Captain
Rasmussen of the schooner Louise. He
will then follow the set of the current,
and In a few days hopes to com" up with
the wreck. If by any possible means he
can tow it into port he will do so; it' not,
a charge of dynamite will be put into
thjf hull, and the danger to navigation
removed in that way.
The underwriters are very much inter
ested In the removal of the derelict, as
it Is a t-erious menace to navigation, and
it was at the request of some of them
that The Call took the matter up. The.
first article which appeared in this paper
was cut out and sent to Washington, and
the result is the starting out of the lro
quois.
The ship Tacoma, with horses for Ma
nila, will not get away until some time
to-day. She was to have sailed early
yesterday morning, but the smokost a< k
had to be lengthened; hence the delay.
When Chief Engineer M. Henry came
to get steam on the boilers that supply
the condensers and work the electric
plant he found that there was not enough
draught to keep up a good tire. The
smokestack had hern made short so as
not to interfere with the utility of the
ship's sails, but as it would not work in
that way a gang ot men had to be sent
out from the Risdon Iron Works to rem
edy that defect. The Tacoma will prob
ably get away with the first tide to-day.
The present terminus of the Market
street railway if to be moved to the front
of the main entrance of the new ferry
depot This was uecidod upon at a meet
ing of the Harbor Commissioners yester
day This will do away with the present
curve and will carry the cars in a
straight line to the depot. It is also in
tended to condemn the property on the
northwest corner of East and Market
streets, so that the Sacramento-street
cars can also go in a straight line to the
depot and thus do away with that dan
gerous curve.
Escaped From Jail.
Kdwarrt Hums, wno wn n. ow
tence of six months 1 imprisonment in the
County Jail for tlll-tapplng, escaped fn>m
that institution yesterday morning.
Burns was a trusty, and his duty in the
early morning was to remove the prar
bage from the jail to a scavenger s wagon
outside in the alley. Deputies Malloy
and Caliahan were on puard in the alley,
and the usual crowd of sightseers wen;
gathered around the place. Burns took
advantage of the crowd and jumped over
the wagon and ran away, the deputies
pursuing, but the prisoner outfooted them
and escaped in the mazes of the alleys
in that vicinity.
This is the first escape that has taken
place since Jailer Sattler took charge,
and he will spare no effort to recapture
Burns.
Bobert G. Ingersoll
Discusses the Results of the War
In Next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining storks showed no change worthy of
remark. Business was slack.
In local securities Oceanic Steamship sold up
to $57 50.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
cided to issue 8-year 4 per *ent bonds to the
amount of $4, 000,000 to provide additional pump
ing works In consequence of the present dry
season.
The Eureka Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 20c per nhare.
The Sanhedrln Mill and Lumber Company of
Glenn County has levied an assessment of 250
per share, delinquent September 5.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company,
which absorbed the old Bodie Con., Bulwer
Con., Mono and Summit mince. has no present
Intention of reducing the par value of its capi
tal stock The company will pay a dividend
of 10c per share on August 18-
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle.
for the week ending July 30. ore extraction con
tinued as usual from the stopes in the New,
Security. Moyle, Bullion, No. 10, Black, Ma
g-ulre and Fortuna ledges, on the 150, 290. 318,
536 528 and 082 levels. The regular prospect-
Ing work was also done In various parts of
the company's ground, and there is now a
larger showing of good ore than lor several
Standard Mill statement: Ore crushed for the
week 30G tons; average assay vanner tailings,
$7 99; concentrates produced, 3 tons; assay
value," $137 47; plate amalgam produced. 1279^
ounces- value per ounce. »2 71. Tailings plant
No 1 treated 386 tons of tailings for the week.
New talllnge plant No. 2 is being constructed.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: We are still stoplng ore
in the upraise from the south Orift from the
bottom of the winze and from the streak on
the 80 le.vel. During the past week we have
hoisted 12% tons of ore. The car samples of
the same average: Gold, $25 75; silver, $41 84;
total, $67 59 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. August 5—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
V S Bonds— Mutual El Co. — —
*s quar coup.. 11114112% Oakland Gas.. 50 51%
4s quar reg...111%112% Pac Gas Imp.. 87 87%
Is quar new...l2"sil2SVa Pac L, Co — 52% j
Miscellaneous— " S F G & E... 87% 87%
Cal-st Cab ss. 112 — San Fran .... 3 3V4
Cal El 6s 125 — Stock Gas ....13 —
C C Wat 55... 95%100% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 95% Firem's Fund.l9s 205
E L & P 65.. 128 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. .115% — Anglo-Cal ....56 60
Geary-st R ss. 92% — Bank of Ca1. .214 247
HC & S 5%5..100 105 Cal SD & '£.. — 97
LAL Co Cs. — 100 First Nat ..;..200 —
Do gntd Cs.. — 101 Lon P & A....125% —
Market-st 65.. 125% — Mer Exchange 13 —
Do Ist M 55.. 114% — Nev Nat 8....155 —
Nat Yin 6s Ists — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNG Ry 7s. 104% — Ger S L. &..1550 1650
NRy Cal fis..loS — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55..102y.102% Mutual Say. — 42%
XPC R R 55. 100 102% 5 F Say U.. *80 500
NPC R R 65. 103 108 " & & L. 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. 102 102}; Security S B 300 325
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Js 55.. 108% — Street Railroad—
Om Ry Cs 126%128 California ....106 10S
P & O 65.. 107 — Geary 40 —
P& Cl Ry 65. 104 — Market-st 53% 53%
Powell-8t 65. ..US — Presidio ...... 7Vi —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
Sac El Ry 53.100 — California ....130 150
SF& X P 55.107 — E Dynamite... 85 95
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 47% 48
S P of Ar 65.. 106 107% Vigorit 2% 3
S P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. 95 — Al Pac Assn.. 34% 95%
B P Br 6s 115 116% Ocr Ld Wk5..125 —
S V Wat 65...11S — Hana P C 0.... 15% 16
S V Wat 45... 101% — H C& S C 0... 25% 25%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 52% 53%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56% 57%
Spring Valley. 98% — Pacific AF A. 1% 2Y*
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot Co 100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7% —
Morning Session.
25 Giant Powder Con 47 75
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
23 do do 25 62%
10 Hutchinson S P Co 53 00
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s Bonds 102 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 87 25
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 10187%
Street—
10 Market-street Rail-way 53 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con, b 3 43 00
50 do do 47 87%
10 do do b 2 4S 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
20 Market-street Railway 53 50
$2000 Market -st Ry Con Bonds Ss 115 00
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 50
100 S F Gaslight 3 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 37%
10 do do 87 50
10 Spring Valley Water 9S 50 ,*
100 Vljrorlt Powder 2 75
Street—
85 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 25
$2000 Park & Cliff House As Bonds 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
$4000 Market-street 115 00
30 Hutchinson S P Co 53 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Market-street Railway 53 25
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 62%
20 Giant Powder Con 4S 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 04:100 Crown Point ... 06
200 Con Cal & Va.. 391200 Gould & Curry.. 07
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.. 381200 Mexican 14
200 Crown Point ... 06|200 Potosl 19
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 09 SOO Gould & Curry.. 07
500 08 1 200 Mexican 13
300 Belcher 14 SOO Ophlr 22
200 Best & Belcher. 19 300 Savage 13
200 Con Cal & Va.. 40 200 Sierra Nevada.. 53
£.00 Crown Point ... 06l
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 09 200Ophir 22
200 Best & Belcher. 17 200 23
; EOO Chollar 19 100 Potosl 19
300 Crown Point ... 06 100 Sierra Nevada... .'.2
1900 Justice 07 100 Yellow Jacket... 21
100 Mexican 14 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 5—5 — p. m.
Bld.Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Julia — 02
Alta 09 10 Justice 05 07
Andes 05 06 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 12 13 Lady Wash ... .— 02
Benton Con — 12 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 16 IS Occidental 53 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 22 24
Caledonia — 20 Overman 05 06
('hollar 18 20 Potosi IS 20
Challenge Con. 12 15 Savage 11 13
Confidence 35 45 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 38 40 Sesr Belcher ... — 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 51 53
Crown Point ... 06 07 Silver Hill 08 10
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate : — 0.1
Eureka Con — 20 Standard 150 1 «•">
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 20 22
Gould & Curry. 06 OS Utah 05 07
Hale & Norcrs. 64 — Yellow Jacket. 20 21
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
TU'PINEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3ST Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lnrkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
-261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
tSU Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. ff.%
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— A
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _/\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 3d degree. TK2r
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /V»
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, j*gt&W£»>^
THIS EVENING. Second degree i^T
will be conferred. D , D. XT -sg£S,f§^y
A K. KINOSFORP. D. M. '9HW*
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sara K. Reamer, in the Pem-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill, Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings in Baltimore
and Dardanelles , canyons, and from Penrose
& Marker, in the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal.. on August. 22. ISM.
at 1:30 p. m.
REBEL CORK Benevolent Association will
hold the twelfth annual picnic at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY, August 7, IS9S.
Valuable gate and game prizes will be con-
tested for. Music by a union band. Professors
McCarthy and McMahon will attend to the
reel and Jig dancing. Tickets of admission
for adults, 50 cents; children under 12 years,
free. Boats leave ferry, foot of Market St..
every half hour for Park. See programme for
further information.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LEG of mutton, Be per ft; prime roast beef, 10c;
tenderloin and sirloin, 8c; porterhouse, 10c;
roast of pork, 6V40; spring lamb, 8c and up-
ward. Fifth-st. Market. 125 Fifth st.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPETENT young Catholic girl desires sit-
uation in clergyman's household; good cook;
city or country; references. MlfeS CLLLKN,
325 Sutter st. ■-
A FIRST class German cook and laundress
desires situation; best references; city ' or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLAS3 Swedish second girls desire
situations; best of reference. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. ' -
NEAT, respectable American woman as nurse;
• competent to take entire care of Infant on the
bottle; city ■or country. Call at 31 Sanchez
st.; Castro-st. car. ; telephone Mission , 208.
PROFESSIONAL nurse, 15 years' experience,
good home, no Incumhrance, can give first-
class reference, .wishes care of invalid. Box
346. Call office. .
WANTED— Lady with little girl desires posi-
tion as working housekeeper; would try any-
thing; must have employment. Address Mrs.
A. D., 1433 Mission st.
YOUNG woman with experience at nursing
would like a position .to care for an Invalid,
or as companion to elderly lady; references
given. Box 886, Call office. ;..'.:>-
STYLISH young ■ dressmaker, perfect fitter,
would like to go out by the day, 81 and car-
are a day. . Address box 378, Call of flee.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms ?1: references.
. Box 607, Call office.' . : /
GOOD reliable cook and downstairs girl , wants
place. ■; Please call at 206 Fifth st. : .
POSITION as I operator on pants; ; some experi-
ence. Box 344, Call office.
■ ... ■•■■•--:.•■•■•"■.-■■•'■■■■•..
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
REFINED, sober, middle-aged woman desires
position; good cook and - housekeeper, ff t on
nurse in confinement. Apply at 230% Fulton.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation; cooking
and housework; wages from $20 to $20. best
references. Apply 1146 Sutter st. '.
WANTED— By competent woman work by the
day; good laundress; $150. 433 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms: ladies' tailoring a
specialty. E. R., 915 Polk st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
In small American family to do general
housework; good plain cook. 415 Jones st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; references, old
McAllister st. |
YOUNG lady, good seamstress, wishes posi-
tion with i lady as companion and to assist
in light duties; good references. Apply at
26 Turk st. • . '
COLORED, experienced, cook would like a sit-
uation in a private family; good city refer-
ences. 1102 Taylor st.
SITUATION wanted as sick nurse or as at-
tendant on Invalid lady; references given and
required; Address box 395. Call Office.
GOOD, competent woman wishes position In
hotel or boarding-house; chamber work or
laundry work; good references. 2759 Mission.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper: refined elderly
lady wants place to»make herself generally
useful. Address Housekeeper. 1191 Oak st.
GOOD German girl wishes a situation to do
general housework or upstairs work. 1017*4
York St.. bet. 22d and 23d.
WANTED— By neat reliable lady, position as
working housekeeper or care of Invalid; 2
years' references. 2621 Bush st.
OLD German lady would like a good home on
small salary to care for children. 264 Clara st.
COOK or housekeeper's position wanted by
middle-aged German woman: experienced and
excellent references. Call 622 Green st. ■y-: r ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. .
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20. years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
GERMAN, 36, wants a place to do house and
garden work; handy with tools; city or Ala-
meda County; $12 to $15. R. X., box 322. Call.
BOY of 18, having 2 years' experience, would
like situation to run electric elevator. Ad-
dress A. R. box 420. Call office.
POSITION wanted on private place or dairy
by reliable and experienced young man. Box
423, Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation; willing to do any
kind of second work. Address box 121, Call.
BOY of 17 with some experience wants posi-
tion in tailor shop. Box 344. Call office.
SINGLE man, with good references, under-
stands the care of horses, also garden work,
and handy with tools, desires position. Ad-
dress box 424, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position as carpenter In i
hotel or some institution: no objection to only
few hours a day; first-class man. Address /
box 399, Call Office.
WORK wanted by thoroughly reliable man;
wholesale hous# preferred; best of references.
Address W. S., 2295 Geary st.
COUPLE want situations to do cooking, gar-
dener, stableman; speak English and French.
230 Montgomery aye. --•: -.- '
YOUNG gardener wants to work In private ]
place or hotel; understands housework. A.
N. O'HEEDE. 38 Filbert st.
MAN with large 2-horse • express vagon would
like position where he could use them. Ad-
dress box 104. Call.
COMPETENT washer wants a situation In a
hand or steam laundry or hotel. Address
L. 8., box 407. Call office.
SITUATION wanted in private family by Ger-
man; understands care of horses and general
work around the place; best milker; also good
driver; country; wages $25. Box 35C, Call.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer:
is an all-around mechanic; can give good
references; had 12 years' city experience. Ad-
dress 2953 Harrison st.
YOUNG German, very strong, speaks some
English, wishes work of any kind; has ex-
perience tending bar. Box 401, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to learn cooking; no
wages expected. CHARLES STEVENS. 22
East st. ;
SITUATION wanted by good baker on bread
and cakes. 764^ Mission st.
SITUATION as miller; 10 years' experience.
.Address box 330. Call office.
MAN about place; Dane Gardener; steady and
sober; understands the care of horses, • cows;
in private family; small wages and good
home; references. Box 415, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6 j
week; .convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FE3IALE.
AN experienced pantry woman for a country |
hotel. $25. fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. '
5 HOTEL waitresses, city, $20 each; 3 restau-
rant waitresses, $5 a week; 3 chambermaids
and waitreses, $15 and $20; dinner waitress,
city; small place. Vallejo. $15: chambermaid,
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES for the springs, $20 and fare
paid both ways; waitress. Fresno, $25; Santa
Cruz $20. Commercial Hotel. C. R. HAN-
gEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES, same country restaurant and
bakery $20 and room and fare advanced, see
party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
IRONER hotel laundry. $30; French laundry.
■ $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. '
WORKING housekeeper for a country hotel.
Small place, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ________^^______^__
5 HOUSE girls. $25; 7 house girls, $20; a num-
ber of girls for $10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
INFANT'S nurse, $20: references. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20, sleep home. MISS CULLEN,
• 325 Sutter st. v
NURSEGIRL, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
. ter st. . .
GIRL to do plain ironing, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
.WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, springs, $20, fare paid both ways.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, must under-
stand plain bookkeeping, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each, country hotel. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. «,
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. „ .
AN invalid's nurse. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Rt. .
2 WAITRESSES; $20 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Batter st. /
AN- Irish girl as.cook; $30; Jewish family.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
2 NURSEGIRLS; $25 arid $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Butter st. ■ ■ •
6 SECOND girls; $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
MOTH ER and daughter; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French nursery governness; $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl; same house; $20 and
$10. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN educated Protestant nursery governess, $30;
must speak French or German. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. ■
A PARLOR maid, $30, country: chambermaid.
$25, country, same house;- pee lady here at 10
o'clock. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and wait 1 meal. $20, Ala-
. meda; waitress, same house, $20. MISS CUL-
. LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
A COOK, $40. private family: MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . _^___ - '■ .
WANTED— Irish Catholic woman to cook
in a small institution near city. $20; neat
girl for chamberwork and waiting. plain
country hotel. $13, . fare paid. MURK Ax as
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOP pickers, hop pickers, hop pickers— Women
children and families wanted for the great
hop fields of California; SOc to $1 per 100
pounds: good camping ground and va . le V/
Further particulars apply to MUKKAX <k
READY, 634-636 Clay St. - ■ - '
10 WAITRESSES, hotels and restaurants. $20.
$25. $5 and $6 week; 3 chambermaids and
Waitresses, $20; cook, small hotel. $20. J. it.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 PROTESTANT second girls. $20 and $25 ; 3
German. Scandinavian and ■Protestant cooks
. $23; 4 cooks. German: style. $20. Am erlcan
nurse. $20; ranch cook, $15. and girls for cook-
ing and housework In city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & C 0..*316 Sutter st. ?-,*.., -■-•
EXPERIENCED driving-glove maker. Inquire
at 413-415 Market st. .
TAILORING and "dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister 6t.
HELP W ANTED— Continued. •
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit and
can. Apply Immediately ait cannery, Bran-
nan St., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to "work on fruit: Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts. . . /
WANTED Reliable girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; references required.. Apply
■ 2201 Broderlck St., corner Washington, after 9.
GIRL for general housework'; must understand
■cooking. 401 Buchanan st. . •
WANTED— of 16 to work in. store; light
work. Call Saturday morn: eg at 720 Valencia.
"VISITING teacher wanted for' small child; Mis- •
sion. Box 326, Call office.
WANTED— old German lady to care for
children; good home; smalt salary. 264 Clara.
LADY barber at 316 'Third st.
WOMAN to help in family of 2; very light-
work. 10 Steuart st., upstairs,
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 3443
Twentieth st., NE. .corner Capp; after 9 a. m.
GOOD strong colored woman for chamber-
work. 326 Eddy st. ' [ ;
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
WANTED— first-class ironer on ladies'
clothes. 10 Oak- st. ■ .
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
CHUTE builder for a sawmill, $50 and board;
3 helpers, $35 and board. C. R. HAIsSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■ • '
A MAN to contract to cut 10.000. cords of wood ;
$1 10 a cord; see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. '.'
LAQORERS and rockmen for Skaguay raii-
rold; fare $22 DO. C. R. HANSEN St CO.,
104 Geary st. .■ . £
1000 LABORERS for British Columbia rail- j
road: $2 a day and up.; long Job. C. R. .
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - -
8 SCRAPER teamsters, new work. $1 85 a day;
10 laborers, $1 75. to go to-day. C. R. HAJN-
SEN & CO. - " '.'
2 CAMP cooks, railroad camps, $50; night camp
cook. $33. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
BAKER and pastry, cook; country hotel: $40:
see party here 9 a. m. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 SECOND COOKS who can bake, $10 and $35;
third cook, $8 a week; third hand baker on
bread, $25; baker, $? a week; dishwasher. In-
stitution, $17 50; cook, $7 a week; 9 waiters.
$25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ' ■ . - - -
4 COLORED extra waiters, $1 50 a «lay and
free fare both ways ; ' colored elevator boy,
$15; colored boy. for light porter work, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO,. 104 Gea^y st.
POLISHER. $30 and found; laundryman. plain
work. $35 : and board. C, R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
BELLBOY, country hotel, $15: bellboy, city,
$10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
NURSE; experienced and of good appearance
and education; $30. and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ._
DRIVER delivery wagon, city. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. •' •
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer....sso and found
Blacksmith's helper :..:.... $40 and found
Wheelwright for a ranch, MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St. ;
POLISHER for tt laundry..". $40 and found
Cracker packer, .$2 day. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St. . .
LOOK Waiters -...:. and conks
9 cooks for different places, $55, $45 and $30;
5 waiters for different places, $25; $30 and. s2o
and found; 4 dishwashers for- different places,
$15 to $20 and found. MURRAY' & READY,.
634-636 Clay st. . ....
HOP pickers ■ Hop pickers
(No experience required); .men and women,
boys and girls, married or single, families
and parties, anybody, everybody; come and
go hop picking and have a good time and
make big money, as. the crop is- heavy; SOc to
$1 per 100 pounds; we sent 58 yesterday; we
now want _ V 4 to-day, some on Monday and
every day next week; cheap fares; only 50c
office fee. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
96 LABORERS To the mines
Special reduced railroad rates to works;
wages from $2 60 day; (no experience re-
) quired) :
95 woodchoppers $150 and $1 cord
139 tiemakers Sc to lie i-an -
"6 teamsters, city $150 day
5 farm hands 3 milkers
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Clerk i for - general i merchandise,
country; must understand dry. goods parti-
cularly; $50; see boss in city. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— blacksmith, $15 and found;
Norwegian, Swiss or Scotch farmer for in-
stitution, $25; engineer for mine, $2 day and
found; 2 laborers for mine, $1 73 day; sticker
man; man •to set up tanks; 2 miners, $2 60
day; machinist for country; farmers; chare-
man for report and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St. .
WANTED — and wife for country, $60;
cook, nice country restaurant. $40; cooks, city
hotel, $40; private family waiter, $25; hotel
and restaurant waiters, $20. $25 and $40; dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook for bay steamer. $45; 2 furnace
men for mine, $60; 5 laborers for mine. $2 per
day; . 2 laborers for quarry, short -distance,
$1 30 per day and board; blacksmith's helper
for ranch, $30 and board; 100 hop pickers, men,
women and children, good chance; also far-
mers, milkers, waiters and dishwashers. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
MACHINE miner, $3 a day; 2 men to make
dimension stone. 35c a foot; 5 swampers, $30
and board; men to make loggings, lHc
apiece; 60 hoppickers; 4 scraper teamsters, "s2o
and board; waiter, country hotel, $25; hotel
dishwasher, $25 and room; woodchoppers. and
axmen. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED— for Institution, $30: cook,
chophouse, $45; waiter, $30; French cook fop
3 people, $30; potwasher, $20; dishwashers, $10
to $25; boy for store. $12; kitchen boy, private
place, $20; butler, $40; man to work about
private place, $25, and others. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st. ' .
WANTED — man to set and distribute
type on nearby country newspaper; no Job
work; $10 per month and board and lodging;
fare paid. Answer to Good Home, i>ox 319,
Call office. . __
WANTED — Dress goods salesman to taka
charge of department: state age, experience,
reference, salary. Address box 340. Call. -
WANTED— FIoor manager with good dry goods
experience; state age. experience, reference,
salary. Address box 342, Call office. . .
WANTED— salesman to take charge
of department; state age. experience, refer- •
ence, salary. Address box 343. Call office.
BARBER wanted at 515 Hayes st. Saturday
and Sunday.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 1065* Folsom
street. '• •' . ,
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
715^4 Davis st. ; ■■ '
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday/
. 21 East st. . ' ■
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun- "
day: wages $4 50. .01 Larkln st. .
BARBER wanted; must be good; $3. 66 Second^
street. ■ ■ ; •
WANTED-Man to trim ivy; not afraid of lad-
der workT Apply Gardener. 1150 California st.
PAINTERS wanted. O'NEILL.- 25 Steuart st.
wi\TED-A cook for an English snip. Apply
HERMAN'S, -* ; St. •
WANTED- A dishwasher at 1504 Kentucky, st., .
Potrero. at Reldy's Hotel. " . _. .
WANTED— Man to learn barber trade; elec-
trlc system. 1542 Market st. ■ ■
MAN to work about place for board and lodg- '
ing. 2759 Mission st. __. . • •
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing; call early.
871 Market st. ' .
BOY wanted: one who has experience in pic-
ture framing preferred. JONES, 547 Mission.
PUBLISHER of established city newspaper will
give business field to charge of an energetic
solicitor on shares; references desired. Ad-
dress box 397, Call office. ■ . ■
WANTED— A young unmarried man for type-
writer and stenographer. Address in own
handwriting, stating salary expected and ret-
erences. U., box 492, Call office.
COAL miners who have worked in pitch vela •
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room •
515, 328 Montgomery st.
TO TAILORS— Coat makers wanted. • Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street' entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st. •
EXPERIENCED salesman by a large wine and
liquor house. Box 376, Call office.
.WANTED— and. mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 ' Third st. ; 150 large •
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per.week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union;*- -free employ- "
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164."
BARBERS' Ass' n Free Employm't Office. S.
, FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; "tel. Grant. 136.
SAILORS,, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.'
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 U. Mission,
men ■to • take rooms; 10c, . 15c- and ': 25c ' per
night; •; 60c, 90c and ; $1 ; per week. :.'••• ':•• 11l 1' W ANTED— Continued.
"■^i£i< ; "- Ita . r " JJ arb £r tradTTn~B~we^kiT San
i-.y-rrrhrtolsca-Karber College, I*^ Eighth et.
." £Al!.-'- u^... I 1}?I 1 }? . ordinary Nu»g wanted at
• I Say.Xa y.K P. w4 Davis st., near Jackson
: ?n;S :^' fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men'/
■--.. v *,.M-ig. 3.*?: only one prlce._9s9 Howard st.
\"S\&ti*K "furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
v. T««ny »c nlghcraßoaedale House, 321 Ellis at.
'. ■Sl.OVAc.riie, House, 937 Market st. below Sixth
,-__••■■!.? .aUTuom; 2:-c a night; Jl a week.
">^: N 7 r : E^~ To s?}}^* Wares due laborers and
. ,■.-••-.. Kn x Collection Agency. 110 Butter St.
y^IICS&k'TOOrnB, 10c and I.^^tT7sc~and $1
-■■y ? .e.k-.. LlndMl House. Sixth and Howard sts.
■■■,:• "41 Third st . ii,,;-
■•.-•^.vjr.ti.et; 200 rooms. r.o «'~ht; reading room;
•■■ " n-ee.-bus-.ana baggage to and from the ferry.
'•V^W^l ; AGENTS WASTED,
'\. WK»t^TOßs"7o~^elT^»e^b7^k^Tncie Sam's
•;. .nftvyr.rapid seller. Apply The Ames-Currier
;-.Ad ; v:- Co.; 612 Polk, bet, Turk & Eddy, after 6.
,"- ••.••."•■.;. ": f HOUSES WASTED,
i JfICE hbnse; large grounds; as care taker pay
■■• reference. Box 341. Call office. Oakland.
.■'.""'■... ROOMS WANTBSIX
"•}"'O"K" 2 unfurnished rooms; 2 young men: een-
V: .'•'•ail.' located. PRICK, box 493. Call 'office.
• ' ": \f I'IRMTIUi: WANTED.
' -H.- BAITM boys furniture and general mer-
• •o.batidlH«». 10.VT Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
•'•;."*: . ava.\tl;i)->iisii:llam:ois.
f "WANTED— To buy second hand American or-
f ' ga'n !n pood order; good power in small plain
"■case preferred. Particulars and price to box
■\- :*;: Call Office. ■
' WATsTTED — To exchange room for plumbing
: . ' ->y .■•:'■«. S2l Howard st. '- ■* . '-■ -.-.
'. WAXTED-rHoTse and buggy for its keeping;
v-.'.g00d *are guaranteed. Box 1303, Call Office.
. ■ :; -" ' ' ■; •" MEDICAL.
•-ALL Jadles^C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
' ." truf* friends of all invalids, men and women;
'•■' 60 years" "practice; safe and quick cur guar-
• '-"aintci); any diseases or irregularity: disgrace
•.avbiSe'd;" kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
'•thjitigh • else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
e1...:. '.babies adopted; travelers treated; no
-rfejay; r-oon Bent; call or write; free; con-
;, XMeattal.; MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
r fit.v. Vilis," $1; very strong, $2. ...-.:
ALL! of-. Dr. .Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
• , 'aUs&Jut'e. •cure tor all female diseases; posi-
•' .ttiyety* safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
rf -f:ecis;/-taj£.en in time it also acts as a i«-
• . ; ventlver' price, $1 50 per box, sent tree by
;••■"' in?.:. 'on. receipt of price; consultation on all
•' • spec\at:. : tftseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
. t ar.kt, aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
' .•.'ctiayir>& elsewhere write La.
" A TK'iCAT.MKN that restores all cases of
-■• 'nioHthiy trregula (from whatever cause)
' ■ -/in; -a few hours; safe and sure at all times
:••,' VheX.others have failed; no instruments used;
. t£aVeler?> helped at once; home In conftne-
. : nit-tit* tvery case guaranteed; consultation
'."'-■■:f*'ce*asid.' confidential: self-cure. J5; pilis, fl.
- . .MR,S.. DR. WYETH, 203 Turk St., near Jones.
■DK.'-AViSE. late of Bellev-ue Host>lt»l. N. Y. ;
■ ' ■ ■ pi s-f Hackmeler Hotel. 123 Eddy st. : hours
'.••9 rq'/J.1, -2 to 5 and 6 to S; consult him for
.."freatnien; on all diseases peculiar to women;
". '■• .pfVien.ts- "assured first-class medical attend-
' V aaces - -Wesldes enjoying privacy of home with
■ '"• esperlenced lady attendants; strictest confl-
: ;"deftc§ maintained all ca^es; consultation free.
' ifE^.' prpcess~~for female trouble; no matter
. ' '.fronV w-hat- cause: no medicine or instru-
• .'"iTi'er.tsHised: restores in one day without fail;
.' " "every." jroman hrr own physician; away dis-
.- :^rfacc«; .consultation free: can be pent and used
v •'.'dt.-.hofrie ; rills and capsules, 51: cure. $Z; by
'..• thl?.'\v>l]-known DR. POPPER. 31S .. irny Ft.
' A !,.TR : PATMKXT that restores instantly all
j leases of.m;>nthlj- irregularities from what-
.,": jeVer"-k?au.«e; -no instruments used; guaranteed
• • curevat office, J5; travelers helped instantly;
i ' horOQ -for. patients; consult free: confldential-
.'•"M*iP.-E)R. KOHL. U22 Market st.
• A P : ~¥-*N to 'wives and mothers — Segun price
•■ Ji-EO: •."RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
■So '.'■ Ptamp ■ for particulars te Seguro Manu-
,; : ■■ -f a*tii.r.!.riK Cu.-. SSI X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
' i>liJ~r,i>,i" iiP^."~\VEr,ENER. 1312 Golden Gala
- •'a-v.e. ."[priyate borne in confinement, with every
floo.mfrlrf:.- best care and attendance: terms
[ ;,V moderate; infantr" adopted into goc>d homes.
; - .Ki.';- ■■■■•• French pills, a boon to ladies with
'."' fpmaje '.troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
: :-eipresa Q. Q. P. : don't delay until too late,
.•j .Of?OOOD'BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
t'liJK-fotES . wishing secrecy during confinement
i •" rn"n"flrid V-'Jc'd hom^ fr treatment by Mrs.Karr.
»" J."o4.'Fulton st.:. McAllister car passes house.
rMffSL- .ICHAIIP, midwife; home in confine-
• ' riif np.; ccfijineme.nt alone. J3. IJ6 Second st.
".■£xTvrHrs— Mrs: nr: ruftz: infallible, safe reme-
• ■ r a?Ks ;; 3S years' expfrience. 25<H Fourth st.
MRS. ■■■li SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
';. treafm-ent, 12 50. BS2 Castro St., Oakland.
DR:HALU 122s Market St., diseases of women
"and Children.
';":'•'■ 111 SIC A L IXSTIU.MEXTB.
AS- we. are selling good upright pianos for ft
: . cash and ft- per month, we ask you to Investi-
■■ gate and approve this method; prices are th«
""B'am"eag if purchased for all cash; bargains
'-■'."in go-ni- second-hand uprights upon same easy
• •• tsayir.'-n-ts and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
. ••$5." p£n .month-. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
■• • Steiiiway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
' '• .Bts,;v^an Francisco, and Thirteenth and
■ ißroadway,i Broadway, Oakland.
: ASpf>Ll'TEI-T the oldest and largest house
1 .wesl • Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
■". •'2&.v2S : and 30 O'Farrell »t. Pianos, organs and
: all't.th.ef 1 musical Instruments of ail grades
• find .prices -■ terms easy; prices lowest: every-
u "thiiig possible done to please and satisfy the
.. .<rustorne.r. '■
■JK^ARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; C. Hall,
! I'lOO; Bradbury, $130: Neuman, $145; Sterling,
■> J.lSpi'-fcstey, |190; guaranteed; easy payments.
:jr;; cfRTAZ & SON. Chickering agents,
. .l£ O'Farrell Kt.
tTE-thvlte- critical examination: new store, new
-: £oo"d9."- CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary at.;
■ •ccrher -Orant aye., Connover agents.
:EO"HMKR & CO., Byron Mauzy, New by. Evans.
• Briggfa- and other plan'?: see our rent plan;
;- ; ' no [interest nnst year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
FlJyE'uprisht for $150;. come early If you want
:;': ;' J,a '"Wc"ure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVA
■• ift'SiC.eO.". 769 Market st. ______
: A— 160; •'UPRIGHT : i: Installments; other cheap
•: piAnoa. . !K McAllister it.
TETLEOANT new pianos for rent, $2 CO mont
• CPRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 lit- Bt.
"A--^; 1 FINF.-TONED piano, flrst-class condf-
' 'mubt sell. 13G1 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
JSPECIAt* sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
. ■M. .W.-'CL HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"A©" "smallest; price lowest; uprights. $75 up;
rent*,: $2. up:- HEINE. 136 Ellis st,
A- OnOIC upright very cheap. 16 McAllister 6t.,
. Hrberrifa Bank ; _SCHMITZ : __
KNABE "liianos; new scale; new styles. KOI
. L'ER ,& CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
FUPERIOH violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
M .I.KR. nriakt-r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
" .;' FOil SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SBQIt,ERB; engines, 2d-hand machinery. M
• IN'!-' &. WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont et.
I~QR r 'B'ile. - cheap— A fine young half-breed New-
•••■fntrncilarid and St. Bernard watch dog. In-
, qUkre'a grocery corner 24th and Church eta.
BECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
•V glhea, boilers, .dynamos, etc. 516 Mission it.
B ' HOli&E-PO WKR boiler and engine; AX;
-. chegp. 42S Ninth st.
BAI^S .back bars, mirrors, showcases, cou
" tets,. linoleum, office furniture, store and
" . office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
..?nd Hand l. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1'
Mi^sji".}? gt».*' above Sixth.
LAI.'ND-RY "tools and . hand machines and a
•' fcower- washer. 48x40; extractor, 25 inches; boa
•Vmanprle. (Hendy. maker), hand or power; Cor-
" ri^an -and Littfe Star shirt ironers. J. IRV-
Ih'Q, 766 Bryant St.
•A ra.NE-.fhing for a present; full line _ ot
:" ; KrojihrrpboncH, $10 each and upward. fl_.m-_
:•■.*;•: Cfj.',. .^lZ ■ Emporium building.
'FHQjJooftAPHS. $20: reccrde, $5 per dozen;
V ope,. $100. Baclgalupt, 938-946 Market
lliA^ :.H*Dl*y~ : maohinery,engines.'<'Tiamos. electl
;_^Jr>t?9jjji>.w, 2d hand. Bmlth Co., 627 Mission.
;'J. . U: '. VpOlJ. liousemover. dealer second-hand
." tplji/lafe' "TTiaterial. 1124 Mission ; tel. So. 787.
•SA^'t^^lJiirir.-iiiH in new and second hand; all
if half Original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
lJj\jfttS,"_'" *XK f iwr:i!-fs, counters, shelving, etc.,
•:;:t."'»;;V.h"t;=an;i->f,M. 1063 MlHHlon »t..nr. Seventh.
.■■:..■ ;V;.. : V; ATToh\i;\.s at LAW.
A.l >/.:ii }i -Ix-t-f ; divorce law a specialty; private;
:, no-- Pee- .-.without success; collections. O. W.
. "Ho\y-K.:a;Uy-ct-law, SOO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALlvpiflv^tte law coses, bankruptcy, collections,
1 -f.ree.jad.yjc^: open cv. AttyMcCabe,lo3 Larkln.
Ar>-.Vl<:'.fe'"-'free: no charge unless successful.
; j ;W..y < .rpAVA>SOy. 527 Market .Si
i- fti'CtAlltC-Emma Bpreckel« bldg.. 927 Mar-
; ■'■■•■•; -'illiillnn frf-. : no f^,. In advance.
y :■••:•!••:•"/. ' : BICY< LBf. ~ ~~~
• B, noond-hand bl< • ■ t com*.
_ ' ■.-•■ ■• i ■■! HOLLK. 20th and Folaom sts.
PHTBICIAJVS.
iS-fe^S£°/??, NN ' Er ' L ' offlce an< l residence.
••'. •••1-; ke l! diseaeeß of woimii a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TO Let— A nice store for saloon and restaurant
In a good location; rent only $20. M. LESS.
765 Market St., opp. Phelan building.
$500— COUNTRY saloon In liveliest town near
city; positively best location there; must sell
on account of sickness. Apply M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon with S living rooms. In-
cluding furniture; good location principal
street; handsome place; neat and inviting;
large stock; daily receipts $8; rare offer; gen-
uine bargain; hard to duplicate it. Apply
M. LESS, 766 Market St.. opp. Phelan bldg. __
WOO— CORNER grocery and bar; 2 blocks S. of
Market; living-rooms; good-paying place; low
rent. WILKE, 543 Market at.
1660 RESTAURANT kept by owner for 20
years and doing Al paying business; no low
prices; located close to Market and Ellis sts.;
a rare chance. Call Wli.Ki;, 845 Market St.,
1 door east from Fourth st. '
$300— SALOON on Third st., 2 blocks from Call
office: stock worth the money; great sacrifice
account sickness of proprietor. See WILKE,
- 545 Market st.
A— s2soo; CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
first-class paying business; very best down-
town location; building including long ground
lease; owner has another place; must sacri-
fice. Particulars WILKE. 848 Market st.
A— $1000; CORNKR saloon, close to Call build-
ing; kept by owner S years and doing an ex-
cellent business; large stock; low rent; very
best offer in the market lor location and busi-
ness. WILKE. Mb Market st.
A— KREDO & CO --"■•- Geary st.
Miscellaneous Business.
— Hotel and bar- near water front.
$1200— Hotel and bar; near boat landing.
Grocery and bar; living rooms; make offer.
$75— BRANCH bakery and notions; $3 to $4
dally; good for dressmaker. KREDO & CO.
$750— PARTNER wanted in a first-class country
saloon: receipts $20 to $60 per day; rent *m;
population of town, 3000; finely fitted up.
RAND & CO.. 817 Market st.
$175^-GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and
wife; 4 rooms, stable, yard, etc.; rent $3;
bargain. RAND & CO.. Sl7 Market
A— ssoo; MEAT market; receipts $45 day; cheap
rent. ROGERS & HYDE. 12U6 Market st.
A— GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$100. ROGERS &. HYPE, 1206 Market It.
A— DELICACY store; - rooms; rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St.
$850— CORNER grocery and bar; established 30
| years; retiring from business; good horse
I and wagon: long lease to responsible party.
MCLAUGHLIN A CO . 777 Market st.
$175— FRUIT and produce stand, In goo I local-
ity. Mclaughlin & '■■>. 777 Market st.
FRUIT and produce store; fine location; doing
first-class business; a genuine bargain City
Agency (JONES & SEAKLL). 885 Market st.
$450— DAIRY produce and delicacy store; lead-
ing tree doing good business; •* living-rms. ;
City Agency ONES & SEARLL), 865 Mtarkt.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
& CO., 26% Kearny st.
$40— SMALL grocery anil bar; central: long es-
tablished; 5 living rooms; good-paying place;
rent only $12; 3 rooms paying rent. 237 Na-
I St.
GOOD harness business for sal"; work enough
for two men; thorough Investigation given;
reduce stock if necessary. ti2l E li!th, Oakland.
SPLENDID opportunity; best 2-chair barber
shop In Cal. . goad business, etc. : no reason-
able offer refused. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
$800— MILK route for sale. Address P. O. box
m, Santa Rosa, Cal.
$1000— LIVERY boarding stable; doing good
business. Box 390. Call office.
FIXTURES and stock of good-paying saloon;
party sick. Apply at 123 Sutter st.
SHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth st., near Castro. __
BRANCH bakery, notions and confectionery;
neatly fitted up; owner occupying it last 5
years; sales average $» per day; parlor, 2
bedrooms, dining room and kitchen; rent $15;
can be paid out of bakery; real bargain ai
$200; satisfactory reasons for selling. JOHN-
STON & CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
! ONE-HALF or whole Interest in a well estab-
lished employment bureau, real estate ex-
change and business opportunities; half, $250;
whole, $500. Address Business, Call branch
office. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
man preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
10 SHARES Building and Loan Association
i stock. S7 months old; book value $125 40. sur-
render value $112 96 per share; make cash
offer. Address box 298, Call office.
! BARGAIN— Paying dairy, route, cows, equip-
ment; supply select Oakland customers; pell-
Ing- acrt. health. Dairy. Call office, Oakland.
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
shop; cash business; elegant fixture: central
location. D., box 3. Call office, Oakland.
FOR Baler-Cheap, 14-1 K>t bar and back bar;
owner retired from business; can see same
at his residence, 134 San Carlos are.
DELICACY store; rent $10; must be Bold; no
reasonable offer refused; party obliged to
leave city. 143S Howard Bt.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement
from business; 2 wagons; reasonable rent and
long lease. Apply Call office.
I BRANCH bakery and dairy produce store for
sale very cheap. Apply 707 Devisadero St..
between Fulton and Grove.
OLD established corner grocery and bar, with
fixtures; rooms. Northeast corner Twelfth
and Folsom. streets.
BARBERS, look this up; 3-chalr shop must be
sold this week at bargain. Address box 459,
Call office.
FOR~sale— Bakery; best location; 7 bells all
over counter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye.. Oak-
land^
$150— SALOON; 7 furnished mis, ; billiards; din-
ing hall; must sell to-day. Baslle, 873 Market.
FOR SALE— A food business barber shop. Ap-
ply PECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
$350— CORNER saloon near Market at.; cheap
at $500. Apply 30 Kearny St., room 9.
FOS SALE cheap— A good 15c barber shop In
. the country. Apply Call office.
l-i FXAIR barber shop for sale at a bargain;
short hour.- Apply 323 Front st., corner Clay.
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3184
Twenty-fourth at. ■
SSOO^GROCERY, bar, furniture for sale; good
location: no agents. C. H. A., box 365, Call.
176 COFFEE and chop house: same hands S
years. J. COLE, M 6 Howard at.
WORKINGMAN'B hotel and saloon; cheap;
long leaso; no agents. . 1450 Ban Bruno aye.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
land: cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call, Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business^ office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 'GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 33 ROOMS; north of Market; fine $1900
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water.... 1600
14 rooms; transient M
15 rooms; select: transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house: Income $."i0 clear.... 900
I 40 rooms; elegant: part cash; a snap
24 rooms; beat In city; cheap 1700
I 50 rooms; part cash; transient 1450
9 rooms; good house : 200
18 rooms; Market st.; clears $200; cheap... 850
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (I* W.
j ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
6- room flat; central $150
10 rooms: corner; very good 250
24 rooms: sunny corner; clears $100 90fl
■ 68 rooms; corner; clears $2.'.0 2200
. 40 rooms; easy payments; '-all for price.
| 44 rooms; 25 bay windows; corner 3000
! IS rooms; new and good 1601
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 800 C
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to loan at low interest ;..
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $5,500
61 room*; Sixth St.; exchange for realty. 2,500
42 rooms; apartment h0u5e....... 2,800
10 rooms; Eddy st.; rent $40 760
9 rooms; corner Mission st. ; a snap 350
Other good bargains KREDO A CO.
$000— LODGING-HOUSE; north of Market at.;
1 14 rooms: bargain; departure' cause of sale.
! Mclaughlin &■ co.. 777 Market Bt.
$160— SMALL lodging-house on Third St.. near
Market. APl'ly Call Office.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. ■H. STEVENS Mgr.,
33 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAM-DING'S. Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama at.; tel. B. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WpLCOM. Proprietor.
j McQUEEN'B Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson at-: tel. South 218: lowest rates.
rARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jeaale 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
J *t.\ cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
ro v K!I Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
— ■ *"■;-, TYPEWRITERS.
11l typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap;, send for samples and
pffl ALEXANDI R & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
Hammond, $35; Caligraph. $15; Yost, $25;
N s7iS?«rt. SCOTT.
THE SAJN FRAXCISCO CAL!L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
* HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WI- OW house, 4 rooms and basement;
210<A Ferry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan — rooms and bath
and planked basement.
SUNNY house, 1 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards lor flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth at.
GOLDEN GATE aye., near Webster— lo rooms
and bath: modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE of six rooms and bath; 6 Golden court,
bet Hyde and Larkin; very cheap; central.
MADISON & BURKE. - ■;;■*"■; ■•
O'FARRELL, 1456 and 1458; sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454.
PINE and Hyde sts.— Large house of 33 rooms.
3 baths: very centrally located; only $150.
MADISON & BURKE.
TO RESPONSIBLE party— House 7 rooms. Pre-
sidio Height 3323 Clay, near Central aye. Call
l to 4. Key 3315 Clay; reasonable.
AYE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELXi. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FURA'ISHED HOUSES TO LIST.
BELVEDERE furnished cottage; com-
plete for housekeeping for two or three peo-
ple and servant; bath; large sunny living
room: $35 monthly; two to four months. It.
E. McGILL, IS Post st.
ELEGANTLY furnished residence on Pacific
aye No 3T.17. near Pierce st. ; 10 rooms, bath,
laundry, etc.; large and well kept grounds;
marine view; rent reasonable. Apply on
promises bet. 10 and 3 o'clock, or to HOOK-
Xi; & LENT. 14 Post at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
\ItMY, S62BA Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment: yard; rent $S per month; rear house.
COTTAGE, v rooms, bath, gas; sunny; good
view; $16. 3 Codman place, off Washington
St., bet. Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; $12. 454 Clipper
street.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, near Dolores— Sunny, new-
ly renovated cottages of 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap.
4 ROOMS, $9; 4 r. and bath, $14; 5 r. and bath,
$15; 7 r. and bath, $17; or will sell; $50 to $250
cash, balance $10 to f2O per month. THE Mo-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market St., S. F.
4-ROOM cottage, bath and gas, $14. 522 Shot-
well St., near Twentieth.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 652 Church St.,
1 block from Mission High School.
FLATS— New; choice; 5 rooms; all modern im-
provements; $IS. 1714 Hyde st.
FOLSOM. S3O, bet. nth and 6th— B r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at.
FLAT, i rooms and bath. 904 Minna at., near
Tenth.
FLAT 1759 Ellis; J . and 5 rooms and bath; rent
reduced. MADISON & BURKE.
FROM 4 to S rooms, (16 to 930; all tinted and
decorated; modern; don't fail to see. Apply
112 Scott St., near Halght
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny mid lie flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY. 1133. bet. Van Ness and Franklin—
Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14. $15, $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
GOLDEN GATE, Furnished mansion. 12
rooms; heater; billlarda: large garden; fine
view.
HOWARD, Ss2— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b.; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER, 635— Upper flat 7 large rooms
and bath; reasonable rent. .
MCALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderick— B r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st.
NEW Bate; $13; £95 Shipley St.. near Sixth;
with bath.
BUTTER, 16138. r.r. Octavla— r. and b. : $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
TO t»et— Sunny flat, I rooms and bath. 1003
Buchanan st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VALENCIA, -•'■. nr. 16th— < r. and b.; rent $1«.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WASHINGTON, 1325, near — Fcur large
rooms; rent $12; water free.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery it.
$12—4 ROOMS: large yard. 1017^ Union St..
between Jones and Leavenworth.
115—2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.
$32 50— CORNER; 6 sunny rooms. and bath. 218
Van Ness aye. __^
fU— UPPER flat, 4 rooms; lower, $10. 135 Ivy
aye., near Van Ness. *
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 725. above Sixth— Front bedroom
and kitchen, furnished. $5; 2 large unfurnished
rooms, $5.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay
windows' and kitchens, en suite; $12 to $15. -•
EDDY. 604—1, 2 or 3 elegant Funny rooms;
piano; bath; gas; nice kitchen if desired.
ELLIS, 611— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; also 2 In basement.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkln— Large sunny room;
gas Btoye and bay-window alcove.
FIFTH, Nicely furnished sunny connect-
ing rooms, Ist floor; complete kitchen; run-
ning water. -■ " ■
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 sunny unfur-
nished rooms to small fami'.y; #10.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny ■ front connecting housc-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
HANOVER House, Howard st., bet. 4th and
sth sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
from $8 to $10 per month.
HARRISON, 731 — '■'■ furnished rooms: com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent low.
LAFAYETTE. 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LKAVENWORTH, Tl4— Nicely furnished par-
lors; also other rooms; privilege of house-
. keeping; reasonable.
LEWIS, 18. oft Taylor, near' Post— Sunny room
- and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
MINNA. 28— Furnished housekeeping and single
rooms; piano free.
MINNA 349 V-— Largo front double room, grate;
Bingle room, stove; light housekeeping.
MINNA. 640— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. _______
MISSION 661. near Second— Large sunny front
room arid kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 834—1 front sunny housekeeping
room. $8; also others at $6; nice and quiet.
MISSION, 1125%— Large front room; _ house-
' keeping; large front room, with kitchen; $8
and $10.
MOSS 31, between Sixth and Seventh— Large
sunny furnished front room; also unfurnished.
NINTH 21— Sunny suite of rooms; light house-
' keeping; running water and stove.
OCTAVIA 155. near Halght-1 or more sunny
unfurnished, or furnished rooms; no children.
OCTAVIA, • 311— Furnished rooms for house-
keeplng.
OCTAVIA 1403. corner Geary— window
and kitchen; gas stove; $13..
POLK Unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
en suite or single; rent cheap.
PROSPECT Place, 123, Powell, Stockton, near
Califomia-l to i rooms; bath; * complete for
housekeeping; $4 to $17; private; German.
SANCHEZ. 25, near 13th— Four fine unfurnished
rooms; adults; bath, yard; floor. $12 60.
eiiipi.EY 1) "- 4 rooms, $6; water and scav-
enger free; no children, cats nor dogs.
b Til PARK. 184-2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
THIRD Ml Bunny housekeeping rooms com-
__¥:' first floor; bath and gas.
TTTOK 40G — Newly furnished housekeeping
T rooms, complete, with range and bath; $8 to $15.
TURK, 643—2 sunny rooms; complete for house-
keeping; gas and bath; $14.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3601 — Bay-window home-
keeping. $10; single, $4; also unfurnished suite.
VAN NESS, 618— sunny rooms complete for
light housekeeping, with bath. $12.
VAN' NESS AYE.. 1021— Front sunny suite; i
room g and kitchen; cas range. , ■ ■
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 410 O'Farrell; elegant sunny rooms; suites;
single; by day, week or mo.; baths, running
water. '
ARLINGTON House, 127 Keamy Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.. ' . ;
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton ot.j trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A.— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
AT 147 Powell. 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms; aleo large, front alcove room.
ELLIS,- 1800— Apartments; 2 elegantly furnished
.rooms with immense closets and connected by
fine lavatory ; 'separate - library or reception
room; new; quiet.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued,
FIRST. 369— Furnished sunny single and double
rooms; light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl week ami up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
FULTON, 213— Pleasant furnished room; nice
private family; central; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms,' suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant suite parlors; piano;
bath; gas; double, single rooms; light house-
keeping^ :
GRANT aye., — Front suite, first floor; single
rooms; houßekpg rooms; transients solicited. )
GEARY, 610— Elegantly furnished rms. ; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GIRARD House, cor. Howard and 7th— Nice
eunny rms.; also housekpg; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, $21 Howard— Per night, 2Gc to j
$1: week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard can.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. "SI Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. '
HARRISON. 784 V». near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; quiet home; all conveniences;
$1 week. :. ; ;-- :'■'■-;
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gaß; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JESSIE, 440%, rear— 3 nice sunny rooms.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable; gas; water; bath; central.
LARKIN, 408— Sunny elegant front room; pri-
vate house; rent moderate.
LARKIN. 327. cor. Golden Gate — Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
MCALLISTER. 611— Nice sunny rooms; bath;
gas; hot and cold water; fine location.
O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms, el«-
' vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 1307— Large handsome sunny bed-
room, or bedroom and parlor; private; refs.
PERRY, 174— Sunny front bay-window room,
with ba*h; suitable for man and wife.
POST. 239 (Bohemia), 3 blocks Palace Hotel—
Sunny, large, newly furnished; single or en
suite; all conveniences; elevator; reasonable.
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Elegant-
ly furnished rooms; reasonable. ' "
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near M -i - Furnish'"! and unfurnished.
SIXTH, — Nice sunny room, suitable 2 gen-
tlemen; also single room;' cheap, right party.
STEVENSON, 664— Large sunny front room
nicely furnished; cheap to right party. '
STOCKTON. 242— First-class sunny front rooms
suite, single; facing plaza; day or month.
BUTTER, 114S— Front suite: also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath.
TAYLOR, — Nice sunny front suite; 2 beds;
running water ; bath; gas; light housekeep-
. ing; rent cheap.
THIRD, 340— Single room; rent $3 DO per
month.
TURK, 127— Nice large light parlor, suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
TWELFTH^ MS, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; also
single. -,
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, 618 — Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, H to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny alcove; hot and cold water;
board; for two gents; reasonable; private.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Sunny newly furnished
rooms; best table board; special rates; gents.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice Bunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY room. flrBt-class board; home cooking;
running water; bath; gas; piano; use private
team, telephone; downtown. 822 Bush st.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for. 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— family board-
ing-house; first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boards;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Front sunny room, with
first-claps home cooking for 2. at $4 per week.
( 1111.D1'.l DUAKDKO.
■ LADY with a fine home, beautiful lawn. 771
Fifth St.. Oakland, would like infant or child
to board. ' '-.'-■-•-•-%
STORKS TO LET.
CORNER grocery store and barroom, with fix-
tures complete and cellar; 8 living rooms;
rent $25. Corner Diamond and Nineteenth
sts. ; key upstairs. • .. . :
CITY Hall square. 17— Large light store,. $."0.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansorne st». ;
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties.
TURK, 422, near Larkin -Store. $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery ft
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA^SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
HALLS T£LF^^^^£
BJLEGANTLY furnished meeting hall with nec-
essary accommodations. Inquire at Loyola
Hall,. SE. corner of Tenth and Market Bts. ;
entrance on Tenth at. - ■ ; '
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for boys, San Rafael; best
equipped boarding school on the coast: sepa-
rate rooms; fine table; magnificent gymna-
sium; skilled teachers: bus meets all trains:
parents invited to Inspect. For illustrated
catalogue apply to the principal,. REV.
CHARLES HITCHCOCK. Ban Rafael.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, baaed on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or Quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st.,
near Jones. . . , '
lIEALD'S Business College, 24 Post -St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
. ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin St.; co-educational boarding and' day
school,* complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30. '.
AN educated Parlstenne lady will give French
lessons by the hour at home or at her resi-
dence; refined conversation; reasonable , terms.
Box 403. Call office. .
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; We an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavla st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry , Ph. kT Fel-
low in Mathematics. V. C.. 2407 S. Athorton.
nr. < 'banning way, Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m<»ch. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Butter st. ■■■
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness ay
f^Z , _ , ,—, — -t
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
" * .. LOST. \' ■. : '- .';,. ;
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob on Liberty
St., Friday afternoon. Return to 2534 Mission
St., and get reward. ' . •
LOST— deposit book on the Oakland Central
Bank. Finder will please return to the bank
and receive reward. E. CARLHEN.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia • Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT M. ORUWELL; No.
2211.*24. The finder will please return to bank.
. TO LEASE. I
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 232
Slitter st.; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whole or In divisions;, large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
• fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE. :
'•■;-■•■■'. ;;;• STORAGE. ,!'; .^
PIERCE-RUDOLPH' Storage and Moving Co.,
j office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. 'Golden West- Stor-
' ago warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1321.
PERSONALS.
CLAY pack with electrical face massage by
a graduate of London and New York; hours,
2 to 5. 484 Eddy st. ■•■ ■ ■ _^_____
WANTED — To communicate with dressmakers
and others who have paid money to a party
In this city and State on '•esentation of
being appointed agents for sale of a certain
toilet cream. Address box 354. Call office.
I AM keeping up the high standard of the most
artistic hair dressing for 25c; hair restored to
Its natural color from $1 50 up; pood switches
$1 50; fine $3 50; extra $5; open Sunday. 9 to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are publlo
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, in advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start In
before the beginning of the season— J. c.,
August ,10. 1236 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $150 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, 552 Castro St., Oak-
land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
LEDERER' S Qulnonla is always beneficial to
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'B Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; halrdressing, popular prices.
HOME In confinement; 1 diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
BAN~FRANCISCO ladles 1 French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK — .
Unrivaled.
Trance Clairvi -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery in life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affection*; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or burled properly: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
patlsfaetlon guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
MRS. .T. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
50c, gents {1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MMX. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 2:.-. 14-. Sixth st.. room 10.
MME. LENEMAR, fortune by planets; pre-
dicted in '74 overdue steamer. :.:•), Sixth, r. 6.
SONORA RAMON A. medium and card reader;
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress, card reader and
palmist; from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MRS. MAY, exact scientist; her readings con-
vince; Just arrived; 60c, $1. 325 Ellis st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MRS. B. ha i 'Manx, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS. UK. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never fails; advica; help. 925 Post st
SPIUIT'JALISM.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212-4 Sixth st.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ingß. $1; clr. Tiles.. Frl.. 3 p. m.; Sat. I; 2. , c.
PALMISTRY. „
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sun. eve., Native
Sons' hldg; readings dally at re*.. 353 Geary.
~ DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. Me: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
-without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 23c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh;- crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
NEW- YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 909 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
A CHRISTIE. 3 Mason St.. cor. Market.
I'KoroSALS.
PROPOSALS" for repaying and repairing
streets paved with bitumen. Office of the
Clerk of the Hoard of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco, August
2. 1838. .
-In accordance with Resolution No. 1438
; (Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received in open
session of the Board on Monday afternoon,
August 8, 1895, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
repaying, repairing and keeping in good order
and condition, to the entire satisfaction of
the Superintendent of Streets and of the
Board of Supervisors, all streets or portions
of streets, including street crossings and in-
tersections, which are now or may be here-
after paved with bituminous rock, from date
of award of contract to and Including June
80, 1900.
The repavlng and repairs are to be made In
strict accordance with specifications on file
and open for Inspection in this office.
The streets and street crossings, etc., now
paved with bituminous rock, and which will
require to be repaved and kept in repair, an
above stated. Include all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and ac-
cepted by the city and county, and must be
put In good condition and kept in thorough
repair. All streets and street crossings enu-
merated in the specifications to be repaved
must be bo repaved within a period of three
(3) months after the contract Hi awarded, and
■ all streets, street crossings and street Inter-
sections paved with bitumen must be put in
■ good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and
roust be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or -portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portlonsYof. streets where
a bond has been given and is in force for
keeping the same in repair; also, those por-
tions of streets required by law to be kept in
' repair by the street railway companies hay-
• ing tracks- thereon.
NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly pay-
ments will be made therefor to the extent of
! one twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a cer-
tificate from the Superintendent of Streets,
approved by the Board of Supervisors, ' that
the work Is being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will • also .be required to file with
: their bid a description of and the character
of the plant owned by them, with a chemi-
cal analysis and a sample of the bituminous
rock ' to be used in carrying out and per-
forming the work under this contract.
And it Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2). dollars per day; also, that
the amount of the bond to be given will not
be less than one-half the amount bid for the
performance of this work.
. -.. No bid will be received or entertained from
any perron, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
the execution of said contract, to pay the cost
of advertising this and a former notice In
three dally newspapers. ■
~ In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($5000)
dollars in favor of and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board, must be deposited by the
bidder, conditioned, If the proposal Is accept-
ed and the contract awarded, and if the bid-
' der shall fail or neglect to execute a written
agreement and give th« bond required (with
two (2) good and sufficient sureties, each to
qualify in the ; full i amount of i said bond,
which bond shall not be for a sum less than
one-half the contract price) within six (6)
days after the award Is made, .then, and In
-that case, the said sum shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
•■ Th« Board reserves : the right to. reject all
bids If the public good so require.
■ ' JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
57 8. ENGINEER OFFICE. Burke Hl. lff.. Se-
attle. Wn.; Aug. 1, 1898.— Sealed Prop, for
building a steel hull tugboat will be received
here until 2 P.. M... Sept. 6, 1898. and then pub-
licly opened. - Information furnished on. ap-
plication. - HARRY TAYLOR, Capt. Engrs.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BAY window cottage, 5 rooms; St. Mary aye. ;
Mission cars; $1500 (keys at grocery); $15
monthly. 413 Kearny st. -. .
1 MUST be sold; cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath; high basement; front and back garden;
everything In first-class order; street work
all done; part cash; lot 25x137:6. . 2SIS Bush
st., between Baker and Lyon. .
$325— LARGE lot. 44x103:6, north line Howth St.,
near Geneva aye.; 2 car lines; Spring Valley
water; nice neighbors. Owner, 21 Powell, r. 1. j
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any I
kind of building. W. W. RISDNALL. builder. '
1325 Hayes.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any
kind of bids. W. Rednall, bldr., 1326 Hayes.
FOR sale— 2 flats. 2936 California St.. near '
Baker. Ar -ly 30S Pacific st. : reasonable.
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
NAI'A Valley; 77 acres all under cultivation: '
good orchard; new 9-room house; barn; tools; :
live stock; crop of hay and grain alone pays
from $1200 to $1500 yearly; price $5000. D.
BRIJTON. 204 Sacramento st. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FLATS, 5 rooms and bath each: Market st.
station; paying 12 per cent Interest; price ,
$2100; mortgage $2000; first come first served;
got to be sold to close out an estate.
A new house, 7 rooms and bath; the very
latest design; near business center and local I
trains; $2000 less than value; easy terms; own- !
er a non-resident and his instructions are to |
sell regardless of cost; examine this property
before investing elsewhere.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$390— FOR a 3-room cottage • and three nice I
lots; $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$75— Lots in the Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land, $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots.
3 electric car lines; fine school: city water;
grand boulevard near: 35 families now located;
view, location and soil unexcelled; building up
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh St.. cor. Broadway, Oak- i
land. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$000— COTTAGE and lot; bargain; 22d St.. near
Sun Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth St., S. F.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
puMlc; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. .
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; larga lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; :ent cheap; cen-
tral: ES9 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1623 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOUSES,
FURNISHED— On Linda Vista terrace, resi-
dence with 5 bedrooms. Apply to HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway. Oakland. ■■
OAKUM) ROOMS AND IIOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood:
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURES FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st. Pee him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
$425— ONLY 3 lots left; 37:6x130; great bargain.
$275— Lot on McPherson .fit.; 25x120.
$2130 — 6 rooms; Alameda aye.; 50x150.
$3500 — 7 rooms; Cedar St.; beautiful home;
water front.
■$3500—8 rooms; San Jose; great .bargain.
$1550—7 rooms; lot 60xl«0; avenue.
$8500—12 rooms; Santa Clara aye.
' $9000—12 rooms; Central aye. ; would ex-
change. E. D. JL'DU & CO.,
•U\ ":• 1424 Park St.,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms an
bath; any term.".
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— Lot 26x147: nice new shingled 2-story
house: -6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; < rooms; ■worth
$2500.
$2Soo— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; el- ant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to -
. H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
COMPELLED TO SELL—
$2000— Lot 37:2x105; new 5-room cottages Ala-
meda avenue: worth $3000.
$2000— Lot 45.\L30; new 7-room house; worth
$3500; a snap.
$1500— Lot 25x108; new 5-room cottage; worth
$250 D: Grand st.
$1200 — Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut street. . r":... •■
$500— Lot 50x130; worth $1000.
' All the above are centrally located, within 5
minutes' walk of trains and schools and can be
bought on easy installments.
* ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1.100 Park St., Alameda.
Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL > ESTATE.
GRAIN and fruit ranch, only 26 miles from
San Francisco, to exchange for San Francisco
or Oakland property. Address room 17, 407
San Pablo aye., Oakland, Cal.
$2750— HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath: lot 40x133;
barn on premises; street work done; cl. .-•■ .to
steam and electric cars: worth $3300; easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st.
GREAT Bargains s2ooo, S-room house, lot 69x
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; also
6-room cottage. $1350. FREESE A CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10-ACUE fruit ranch near Santa Rosa; In full
bearing; house, barn, chicken-houses, etc.
Bojc 335. Call office.
PROPERTY "WANTED.
MODERN house and lot of 6 or 7 rooms In
Western Addition. Box 323, Call office. : • -'■-
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY loaned in the city and neighboring
towns on real estate, furniture, pianos, etc.,
without removal; also on notes, diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc. ; any amount from
$10 up. on any good security: business done
quickly, privately and strictly confidential:
when you want a' loan please call; no trouble
to explain full particulars; can pay back in
monthly payments if you desire; low rates
. and honeFt dealing; no commission. . CALI-
FORNIA MORTGAGE AND COLLATERAL
LOAN CO.. room 205, Examiner building.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak 7
- land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays.- J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, MS Market st. tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick;. confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
movnl; low rates; no commission: $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate; 2d
• and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
SECOND mortagages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$30 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 41S Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and befet In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United.
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. ■ . ' .
FINANCIAL. ;
WANTED— For 1 year. $IZOO nt 10 per cent on
note indorsed by person worth $50,000. Box
379, Call office.
_ ________
HORSES.
SOUND young horse for ladies or children;
must be j seen to ■be appreciated; I cheap. In-
quire- at 412 Hayes st. V ■■■ - ; ;-. ■■ _■•>-.
40 HORSES for sale;, also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand " Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. .
WAGONS ' AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. '. • i
SPECIAL f*ole of harness and : vehicles. • Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hill.
SEWING. MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, '•• Domestic, Singer arid White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. • 1915 Mission st.
[2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, • bought, sold;
.machine supplies. 145- Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, ; sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing : at lowest pates. 205 Fourth St. -:
MARRIAGE LICENSES." ~
Marriage licenses have been issued as* follows:
Charles A. Wilson and Julia 'A. Driscoll;.22-22
Thomas U. Carr and Mamie K. Hea1ey,... 27-25
Thomas Landlord and Martha B. McShane.47-33
E. H. Lauer and Alice G. FriedJ.ander 23-22
C. P. Warner and Concatta i". I-<astore..,.22-W
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
ItORX.
BREMLER— JuIy * 29, IS9S, to the wife of R.
Bremler, a daughter.
KOPLAN— In this city, August 4, .ISM, to the
wife of S. Koi;lan, a daughter. ' .
NEWMAN— In Santa Rosa, August 4,. IS9B. to
the wife of Charles F. Newman, a son.
RASMUSSAN— In this city, August 3, 1808, to
the wife of John Rasmusgan, a «laughterj i
MAKKIED.
KNOTT— YOUNG— this city, by the Rev.
W. H. Moreland. W. .W. Knott and Mrs.
Nellie Young.
DIED. '.■
Andersen. Bertha C. Gannon. Elisabeth
lilohm. Marlon B. Halty. Gottfried
Brunsing. Elizabeth Heagerty, Veronica
Callaghan, James Kingsley, May ; '; : ;-
Capron, Adella li. ■ ■ ■ McCloskey. James A.
Carrlck. J. W. MeConahey, Mary
Chase, Laura W. McMahon. Alice
Dusenbery. Eser Morris, Simon
Foye, Margaret Ostrander, Maggie
Fragley, Albert W. Rochfort, Marie
ANDERSEN— In this city, August 4. 1898, Ber-
tha Christina, beloved wife of John Andersen;
and sister of Martin Laiisteen, a native of
Denmark, aged 53 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1312 Broderick street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BLOHM— In Berkeley. August 4. 1898, Marion
Bernice, daughter of Charles 11. and Mary L.
Blohm. . V.':' : *•'" ' ■•
BRUNSING— In this city. August 5. IS9S.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Louis Brunsing,
and mother of Peter T. Brunsing," a native
of Germany, aged 68 years. '' ;iv Iv .1 ;
CALLAGHAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, August .', ISM, James Callaghan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 63 years. "' .
CAPRON— In South San Francisco, August 5,
189S, Adelia 8., dearly beloved daughter of
Samuel C. and Margaret Capron. and dearly
beloved sister of Albert and Alice Capron. a
native of San Francisco, ased 9 years 1
months and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1719 Thirteenth avenue south,
between N and P streets south, South San
Francisco, thence to Fifteenth-avenue Metho-
dist Episcopal Church, Fifteenth avenue, near
P street south, for services. Interment Lau-
rel Hill' Cemetery. • • •
CAKRI<"K— -At his ranch near Newman. -Au-
gust i. 1898. J. W. Carrick. father of Mrs.
A. A. Brown and Fred A. Carrlck, a native
ot Maine, aged 76 years. ■•■-.-.
E7Funerai services this Cay (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, at the house of D. S. CarrWx,
his brother. 601 East Fifteenth street, East
Oakland, Interment private. Please • omit
flowers.
CHASE— In this city, August 5. IS9B, Laura. W..
beloved wife of James B. Chase, and mother
of Harry F., William V., Thomas D., Mal-
colm P. and Samuel B. Chase and Mrs. Jer-
ome B. Waldeh Jr.; a native of Newport, R.
1., aged 62 years, -"-',*
(CFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 1536
Mason street. Interment private,. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DUSENBERY— In this city, August 3, 1898,
Eser, beloved husband of Helena Dusenbery,
and father of Samuel Dusenbery, a native of
Rypln, Poland, aged 68 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-'
dence, 616 Geary street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 1:20 o'clock.
Please omit flowers. . -
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL— Offi-
cers and members of the Congregation Sherith
Israel are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our ex-president, Eser Dusen-
bery, to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 616 Geary street.
LOUIS BROWN. President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
FOYE— In this city, August 5, 1888, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Francis Foye,
mother of Mary, Maggie, Frank. James and
Rose Foye and Mrs. L. C. Barradas, • and sis-
ter of Michael and Bernard Reynolds, a na-
tive of County Leitrim. Ireland, aged 53 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Washington avenue, between Mis-
sion and Howard, Ninth and T. nth streets,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FRAGLEY— In' this city, August -1, MSB. Albert
W., youngest son of Martin F. Fragley. and
brother of Joseph 11. -and Martin F. Fragley
Jr.. a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years
3 months and 2 days. A member of Company
X, League of the Cross Cadets.
(CTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Saturday), at 8:30. o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1210 Valencia street,
thence to St. James Church, Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, where a requiem "high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
GANNON— In this city, August 5. 1896, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Michael Gannon, mother
of Maggie, Thomas, Joseph and I Christina
Gannon and Mrs. Mary ! Piquerez and Mrs.
Lizzie Withers, and sister of Thomas and
Mary Kearney, Mrs. P. Cunane and the late
Maggie: Lessalle,' a native of the parish of
Ellfin, County Roecommon, Ireland, aged 62
years.
(ETFrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 455 Tehama street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALTY— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 5, IS»S. Gottfried Halty, a native of Ger-
many, aged 52 years.
HEAGERTY— In San Mateo, August 4, 1898,
Veronica Erin, beloved daughter of Joseph D.
and Josle Heagerty, and sister of James,
Josle, Dennis, Lucy. Frances, Willie and
John Heagerty, a native of Holy Cross, San
lintel) County, aged 6 months.
IC^The funeral will taste place this- day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. Holy Cross, San Mateo ■
County. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KINGSLEY— this city, August 5, 189S, May,
dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and Eliza-
beth Klngsley. a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 yea** 2 months and 4 days. (.Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
* (E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of the parents. 2227% Mission street, thence to
St. Charles • Borromeo's Church for services. •
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCLOSKEY— In this city.. August 4.. IS9S,
James A., beloved eon. of James and Cather-
ine McCloskey, and brother of John C. Jo-
seph Mary E., Frank A. and Peter H.
McCloskey, ,a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years S months and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the f nneral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 4150 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a mass will
be celebrated • for the repose of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONAHEY— In this city. ' August *5, 189 S.
Mary, beloved mother of Maud. Robert and
James McConahey. daughter of the late Wil-
liam and Catherine Donovan, and sister of
Mrs. George Patten, Frank Donovan and the
late Hannah and Stephen Donovan, a native
of San Francisco.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence -to St. Joseph's Church j for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McMAHON— In this city, August 5, 1888, Alice,
beloved wife of the late Hush McMahon,
mother of Alice, Ellen, Ross and Owen Me- ■
■ Mahon and Mrs. Welch, and sister of Peter
Mulligan, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 66 years.
(£7"Notice of funeral ' — "-\fter. . :
MORRIS— this city, August 5, IS9S. at the
Lombard-street Hebrew Home, . Simon . Mor-
ris, beloved father of Mose, -Bertha," Joe.
George, Julius, Harry, •' Annie and Gussle
Morris, a native of Prussia, aged 71 years.
OSTRANDER— In this city. August 3,- IS9B,
Maggie, beloved, wife of Matthew Ostrander,
mother of Myrtle and Herold Ostninder, and
sister of Edward Tracy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years.
EXFriends . and acquaintances . are. respect-
fully invited to attend the mineral this day*
(Saturday)." at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 149 F»rrie street, thence to Holy Cross
Church. Eddy Street, near Scott, where, serv-
ices will be held. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . . . . • : " -.-■ ' ;
ROCHFORT— In this city. August 4, . IS9B,
Marie Rochfort (a resident of Point Reyes),
beloved wife of Arthur H. Roehfnrt. and
mother of Marie Caroline CheTUble Rochfort.
a native of Christiar.saud, Norway, aged 30
years and 19 days.
[^Friends ' and. acquaintances are respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, from. the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 916. Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets..
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, ,-. I
lUKKKAL DIRECTORS i K.\iflAL.MEaj I
IV iITTH ST., Op?. Lmcoia S«ha)l. ; . " §
.-•'■■■> ■ . Telephone, South ■ ■ ; '^'^
E*i*b. IKS. -. - Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
■ Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. ::
Lady assistants. Bpactous chapel for the ass
cf. our patrons. Rubber tire* on our ambuiaaoe.
1314
DEMOCRATIC
INSURRECTION
IS SPREADING
Still Another Exposure of the
Methods of the "Re
formers."
Pledges Broken by the Whispering Boss in
Order to Further His Own Polit
ical Ambition.
Congressman Magruire Is scheduled to
Arrive in this city Tuesday eveninp. his
business being to attach the Demo
cratic party as a tall to his Populist
kite. He will be honored with a rous
ing reception upon his arrival and an
other rousing reception when he at
tempts to make connections between
the tail and the kite at Sacramento on
the opening, day of the Democratic
State convention.
It is this second reception that is
worrying the friends of the Congress
man. They have been so foolish as to
place their fortunes and that of their
standard-bearer !n the hands of Mc-
Nnb. Alford and Gould, the hand-made
Ijospos and evergreen reformers of the
Democratic party, and they now find
that the trio are not on speaking terms
with the honest members of the party,
hence the anticipated reception to
■which reference has been made.
The published statements of W. W.
Foote. M. F. Tarpey, H. T. Fortman,
Francis J. Heney and other prominent
gentlemen who are recognized as the
representatives of the best elements in
•the Democratic party have had the ef
lect of swelling the rising tide of indig
jiution against the men who stole con
trol of the local Democracy and are
r.""-v attempting: to deliver the party in
.the State into the- hands of the Popu
lists. The methods that have been
adopted to effect this transfer are such
bring disgrace to the party. Those
v. h> have taken up arms against this
corrupt use of stolen power have been
surprised to learn that Alford and
I and McNab have not only met
the P-pulisTs and divided the places
on the State ticket but they have ar
perfect their title to their
• of the spoils hy calling a con
•yentlon for which they have selected
a chairman, named committees and
made such other settlements as will in
the adoption of their cut-and
dried programme, as well as the nam
ine of twenty members of the new
Central Committee, who will be
.; in perfecting their title In fee
simple to the Democratic party in this
State for all time to come. It is be
the discovery of these things
that Mr. Foote and Mr. Tarpey and a
: hundred other old-line Democrats
who are of their way of thinking will
| Tli.- convention in a body and
Inaugurate a demonstration that will
make congressman Maguire's recep
tion next Tuesday night look like ten
in Confederate script. In doing
y have been assured of the moral
:t <>f three-fourths of the Demo
cratic voters in the State outside of
Ban Francisco, and ninety-nine one
hnndredtha of the Democratic voters
in this city.
The facts concerning the manner in
which the control of the local Democ
racy was stolen by the ruling power
tn'.the State Committee, of which Mo-
Nab, Gould and Alford are the guiding
spirits, have leaded out in spite of the
of Becrfecy that bound all of the
member^ of the committee of nine ap
pointed to carry out the wishes of the
Whispering Boss and his associates.
It was this committee that appointed
the committee of one hundred and set
It up as the governing body of the
Democratic party of San Francisco.
The existence of the committee of one
hundred ia a self evident fact, but it
may be of interest to the men who
• robbed of their birthrights to
fcnow the proceedings by which the
transfer was made. It will at least
thrbw some light on the methods of
the Whispering Boss, who has ordered
that the voters of his party shall have
titr voice in the selection of the men
who are to represent them at the State
convention.
. All of the sessions of the committee
of nine were executive, and the mem-
>era were required to pledge them
telves to secrecy as to all proceedings.
A.fter the Harney and Sullivan wings
>'f.-the local Democracy had presented
their claims to recognition as the legal
governing body of the party in this
Slty the committee closed the doors of
:he meeting-room to all comers and
jegan its deliberations. It soon de
veloped that McNab had control of
:he ' majority of the committee and
:hat he intended to use his power. He
leclared that he was in favor of ignor
n'g both contending factions and ap
pointing a new governing body to be
•omposed of one hundred members to
»c named by the committee of nine.
' This plan was opposed by the minority
jof the committee, which was led by
Governor Budd and Robert M. Fitzger
ald. Though McNab and his followers
held the majority of the committee,
| they found their game blocked by the
minority, which threatened to present
a minority report to the State Com
mittee. As such a course would ex
pose the scheme of McNab to gain con
trol of the local Democracy and might
result in its defeat by the State Com
mittee, the Whispering Boss changed
his tactics. He agreed to make every
j reasonable concession to the minority
■ provided each member of the commit
tee would bind himself to join In mak
ing a unanimous report to the State
Committee. It was here that the mi-
THE SERPENT TEMPTED HER.
nority, which seemed to have the in
terests of the voters at heart, was
jobbed.
Before subscribing to the unanimous
report proposition the minority in
sisted that if a new governing body,
to be composed of one hundred mem
bers, was to be appointed the said gov
erning body should be instructed and
required to hold primaries for the elec
tion of delegates to the State and
municipal conventions. This, they con
tended, would protect the voters, as it
would give them an opportunity of ex
pressing their wishes regardless of any
combination that might be made in
the proposed committee of one hundred,
A long -wrangle followed which was
Gilded by McNab and his followers
agreeing to the primai-y election
stipulation of the minority. This
point having been settled the minority
agreed to the stipulation regarding the
presentation of a unanimous report to
the State Committee. The subject mat
ter of this report, which was signed by
i every member of the committee, is
I familiar to all. It should be understood,
, however, that the task of instructing
i the newly appointed committee of
one hundred of the primary election
stipulation was delegated to McNab,
who was to advocate the holding of
district club primaries on a plan
which, he detailed to the committee
and which, was approved and agreed
to.
The manner in which he carried out his
pledges makes a very short story.
When the comr-Jttee of one hundred
met and perfected organization a com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1898.
mittee on district organization was ap
pointed, Sammy Braunhart being
named as chairman. Braunhart Is Mc-
Nab's lieutenant and Max Popper's
Man Friday. When this action was
taken the members of the committee
of nine presumed that it was the first
step toward the holding of district club
primaries. If it was the first step it
was the only one. Braunhart's com
mittee has never taken any action, has
never made a report and has now gone
out of existence. Instead of inform
ing the committee of one hundred
that it was required to hold pri
maries McNab issued ordert for the
selection of delegates by appoint
ment.
Such is the secret history of the ap
pointment of the present governing
body of the local Democracy.
The sequel is yet to be told. Mc-
Nab's reasons for ignoring all pledges
are that he was fearful of losing his
newly acquired power, and a desire to
secure for himself the nomination for
Congressman from the Fourth District.
He was well aware that delegates
elected at a primary would ignore his
ambition to become a statesman. He
therefore issued orders that the dele
gates be selected by appointment, he
reserving to himself the right to name
the men to be appointed by such mem
bers of the committee of one hundred
as he controls — that Is to say the ma
jority of the committee. There are 153
delegates to be appointed. Each mem
ber of the committee has the appoint
ment of one delegate and fifty-three are
to be appointed by the committee act
ing aa a body. If McNab can carry
out his plan to have these fifty-three
delegates named from the list of
names he has prepared he will then
have a majority of the delegation and
will be in a position to order his own
nomination in the Fourth District.
He will also be able to vote the dele-
gation in the State Convention when
the time arrives for him and his as
sociates to force the Democrats of the
State to swallow the fusion pill.
HARNEY DEMOCRATS
NOMINATE DELEGATES
Muster Roll of Those Who Will
Fight for Recognition at
Sacramento.
The Harney Democratic clubs in the
eighteen Assembly Districts in this city
met last evening and nominated dele
gates to the State convention at Sacra
mento. In all but the Thirty-first Dis
trict only the allotted number were
named. Primaries will be held Monday
evening, at which the representatives of
the "outsiders" will lie formally elected.
Major Hiiriioy and his line officers are not
oversaiiguine about breaking into the
State convention, but they intond to make
a hard fight, nevertheless. After the Sac
raznento campaign the battalion will re
turn and wage a regular Cuban cam
paign against the exclusive triumvirate
which has usurped the, rights of the Dem
ocrats in the city. The courts will bo in
voked to establish the standing of the
two factions and decide which is right
fully entitled to representation on the
city and county tick«:t.
The Harney delegates"* nominated last
night are:
j Twenty-eighth District— James Daley, John
! F. McGovern, Michael Lane, Frank R. Swee
■ ney. William McManus, L. Buckley, John
! Coakley, John J. Allen.
Tivi nty-ninih District— James K. Colbert,
j Frpfl Russell, Michael Wall, Joseph Flanagan,
! Thomas K. Blake. Robert Ollellly, John A.
Culien, James J. Farrell, Nicholas Fitzgerald,
j Charles Kaufmann.
i Thirtieth District— Thomas A. Burns. Thomas
Terrell, T. Lynch. James Kennedy, James Sul
livan, William Robinson, George Flannery,
I John Donovan, Matt iSulllvan.
Thirty-flrst District— (Ele\-en to be elected)—
■ William A. Rastnussen, Joseph Goper, George
lA. Love, Colonel Dennis Broslln, John J.
Lyons, Ernest J. Preston, William Sand.
Thomas Caveney, John O'Hara, John Sfcarkey,
William J. Fivey, Joseph F. Carrick. John J.
O'Connor, Charles Miller, Captain James W.
Crowe. Frank McLaughlin. John Kearney,
John F. McMannis, Cornelius Gibbln. James M.
Ahem, William Curtln. Louis Ficken, James
W. Kelly, John Kinsella. William Puruhagen
Thirty-second District— James Lucy, Daniel
Mahoney, James Cullen, James Devine, Pat
rick O'Donnell, Marc Brown, John P. Dev
ereaux, William Aiken.
Thirty-third District— Frank Norton, P. J.
O'Donnell, George B. Godfrey, Thomas Healy,
C. Dugan. E. H. Dockery, JohP A. Holland,
P. Btrauble, John Stack.
Thirty-fourth District— W. D. Hyner. v. iiham
Almon, James Mcc, D. yon Stader. William
Kramer, Matt O'Brien. John Wiseman, John
L. Herget, James O'Connor, Ed Cusick. Will
lam Holllday. _ „
Thirty-fifth District— John Tumelty. P. J.
Johnston, Henry Haake. M. C. Bropny. John
Carroll. John Malony, James O'Halloran, John
Jennings. . 
Thirty-sixth District— James Rennelll. David
Fleming. Luke Tierney, Robert J. ORe illy.
John Fennell, John Kelly, James Manning.
William Brittan, P. J. Murray, J. Culllnane,
Joseph Cannon.
Thirty-seventh District— Major P. J. Harney,
Dr t> L Ragan W H Dunn. Phil OaiTey,
E. B. Toung T. F. Brennan, John Carberry.
T. W. Burke, L. N. Hoefler. W. F. More. C.
W. Buck.
Thirty-eighth District— John J. McGuire.
John J. O'Brien, Ernest A. Wettlg, Richard
O'Brien, William Wolf, John P. Culley,
Thomas F. Clark, William I. Brobeck. Frank
MoGlnney, Charles R. Wilson.
Tlilrty-nlnth District— Dr. W. J. Gavigan.
Edward Fogarty. Dr. J. W. O'Rourke, A. T.
Vogelsang, Walter Malloy, N. M. Benjamin,
Henry M. Owens, John A. Fenton, J. C. Bun
ner.
Fortieth District— Joseph Laib Jr., John J.
Lyons. Edward J. Gallagher, Joseph F. Far
rell, James P. Hartnett. I. L. Jacobi. James
P. Sheerln, Thomas Martin. Isaiah Choynskl.
Forty-first District— John H. Brickwedel,
Solomon Jacobs, W. P. Humphreys Jr.. Michael
McCoy, John P. Glynn, Frank Smith, Daniel
Shea. H. Clay Davis.
Forty-second District — Henry A. Klefer,
Daniel F. Gallagher, George J. Goncaloes.
Patrick J. Spillane, John A. Lynch, John
Leary.
Forty-third District— John Maguire. F. C.
Toboas. Jame« Dobsyznsky, Daviil Van Glahn.
Joypph J. Gottlob, Frank Worthington.
Forty-fifth District— John Foley. Colonel A.
Andrews. Hugh Curran Sr.. John B. Weller,
D. W. McFarlanO, John F. Hogan.
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES
AT LENGTH NAMED
County Committeemen Name
Their Selections for the
State Convention.
The Democratic City and County Com-
mittee of one hundred met Lost night in
Native Sons' Hall and named delegates
to the State Convention. Kaoh member
of the committee was allowed to name
one delegate. The remaining fifty-four
will l>p nominated at a meeting to b*e
held to-night In the same hall, and the
election will be held on Monday night.
It was determined that the committee
will appoint delegates at the next meet
ing where members have failed to avail
themselves of the privilege up to that
time. Delegate Heeney was opposed to
the motion, on the ground that the right
of nominating was vested in the mem
bers and could not be taken from them.
It was found that inadvertently 158
delegates had been provided for. whereas
only 154 were allowed. As the latter was
the proper proportion, a vote was passed
to that effect.
Francis J. Heeney introduced a reso
lution, which was accepted without de
bate, to the effect that James D. Phelan
be made a delegate at large to the State
Convention. The suggestion that went
with it was to the effect that he be made
chairman of the delegation.
Barnr-y MnKenna named A. J. Clunle as
his representative in the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict. The nomination was opposed by
Max Popper on the ground that Mr.
Clunie was an officeholder and therefore
not eligible. Mr. McKenna in support of
his nomination cited the case of Mayor
Phelan, who had been previously named
as delegate at large. Chairman John P.
Dunn ruled that the law which read "no
clerk or deputy shall be eligible." did not
apply to Mr. Clunie. The ruling was re
ceived with applause.
A long discussion ensued over the propo
sition that the committee receive nomina
tion from the fifty-four men whe are to
be elected at large. Barry, Braunhart,
McCarthy and Popper and others con
tributed to the discussion, which resulted
In- the nominations going over until to
night. Efforts to reopen the question
were quelled by adjournment. The dele
gat en to the State convention, named by
the members of the committee, follow:
Twenty-eighth District— J. W. Farren Jr.,
Lawrence W. Hoag. J. D. Maxwell.
Twenty-ninth District — James Brannan.
Thomas Muller, Bdward Murphy.
Thirtieth District-James W. Fltzserald,
Alex Greggains, P. J-: Creegan.
Thirty-nrst District— William Lowenreia,
Thomas Campbell. David Dillon.
Thirty-second District — James I. Twlgg.
Thomas S. Cronln, James Muldowney.
Thirty-third District— \V. W. Grlfnn. Dr. D.
T. Keefe. William M. Cannon. „
Thirty-fourth District— W. C. Graves, O. M.
Goldariceno. P. M. Wellin. J. E. O'Brien.
Thirty-fifth District— Thomas Brennan, J. c--
Donahue. W. J. Bell. John F. Byrne, "Walter
Gallagher. T
Thirty-sixth District— David Lewis. A. J.
CJunie, James M. Curtln, E. I. Coffee. Jere
Lowney.
Thirty-seventh District— H. B. McAvoy. Peter
Kelly Charles Steins, M. Goldariceno, v\ . J.
Egan, P. T. Flinn, \V. P. Sullivan Jr.. A. L.
Lemon, Thomas Martin.
Thirty-eighth District— J. D. Powers. P. S.
Fay, W. F. Stafford, August Tillman, Hugo
K. Asher, Lester H. Jacobs.
Thirty-ninth District— R. C. Howe, R.
Johnson. J. J. Kennedy, C. C. Smith, Luke
Cavanaugh.
Fortieth District— J. H. Devoto. E. R. Rock.
E. L. Fitzgerald, T. P. Riordon. E. S. O'Brien.
H. S. Brandenstein, J. W. Farren Jr., F. H.
Gould, C. S. Wells, T. F. Mullee. James Mul
downey. James Moore, Emll Perry.
Forty-first District— E. N. Deuprey, Steven
Potter, J. Early Craig, Barry Baldwin Jr., W.
B. Sanborn.
Forty-second District — James O'Connor,
Thomas Campbell. It. M. Sims, David Dillon,
W. F. Sawyer, HcCajr Fitzgerald, Curtis Hlll
yer. Dr. John Gallwey.
Forty-third District— Hugh McCloughry. R.
T Mi Klssick. Charles S. Qtvins, 11. A. Con
rad.
Forty-fourth District— W. C. Devoto, H. A.
Sayres, William Crinim. Frank McDonald, Dr.
G. M. Terrlll, C. E. Logan, L. Jenks.
FERGUS O'LE ART'S WILL.
Estate Valued at 9100,000 Be
queathed to Relatives of the
Capitalist.
The will of Fergus CLeary, the capital
ist, who died at the Grand Hotel in this
city on the 2Cth of last month, was filed
for probate yesterday. The estate of the
deceased, which is valued at about $100,
000, includes property on Market street,
between Seventh and Eighth, and on City
Hall avenue and lands in Fresno County.
The testator bequeaths $500 to Ellen
O'Leaxy of Liseannoc, County Clare,
Ireland. The remainder of the estate is
divided into four equal parts and the
various portions subdivided. One part is
to be divided into fifths and distributed
as follows: Two-fifths to Nicholas
O'Leary, brother of the testator; one-fifth
to William O'Lfary. a nephew; one-fifth
each to Mary Monks and Ellen Vlte,
nieces. The second part is to be divided
Into sixths and distributed to Mrs. Mary
Hogan and her children. The third part
goes to Catherine McDonough of Boston,
Mass., and her four children. The last
part goes to John O'Leary, brother of the
testator, and his children.
The executors are John McDonough and
Kdward J. O'Leary of Boston, Mass., and
William F. O'Leary of Healdsburg.
THE IBISH SOU.
A Parade in Honor of Its Arrival
Will Be Held To-Night.
The sod of Erin which arrived in this
city Thursday will be carried in triumphal
procession through the streets of the city
to-night and deposited in the pavilion,
where it will be closely guared until the
opening of the Irish fair. It will be es
corted by a platoon of police and the
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles.
In order to make the fair more Interest
ing the ladies who have charge of the his
toric exhibits will be dressed in the cos
tume in vogue when Erin was in her
glory and will be fully versed In all the
traditions and history relating to the ex
hibits unders their immediate care.
Press Club Nominations.
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Press Club, held on Thursday, the
following were nominated as candidates
for the coming election: For president,
Orlo Black, L. G. Carpenter. F. S. Myr-
tle; first vice-president. T. F. Bonnet and
P. S. Montague; second vice-president, L.
E. Stover, W. S. Dreypolcher, N. A. Judd;
third vice-president, Louis Honig, L. E.
Fitch; recording secretary , F. C. Roberts,
\V. C. Bunner, W. F. Burke, George B.
Fruzer; financial secretary, J. S. Tyler;
librarian, J. J. Harrison; board of man
cik< rs (six to be elected), Paul Cowles,
Bela Keppech, J. P. Booth, Hugh Hume,
C. A. Lee. L. L. Levings, S. H. Friedland
er. Dr. Philip Mills Jones, A. A. Lotto, L
W. E. Williamson, C. A. Webster, Robert
Burns, C. M. Coe, C. A. Low. The re
ports of the various committees showed
the club to be In a most prosperous con
dition with a credit balance of $2199 48.
The "Unknown" Insane.
The man who was found at Bakers
Beach, In the house of the Monahan fam
ily, and who has been a puzzle to the phy
sicians of the Receiving and County hos
pitals for the last two days, has been
pronounced insane, after an examination
by the City and County Hospital physi
cians, aeembled for that purpose yester
day.
He remains in the same condition as
when found, refusing to talk or take
nourishment of any kind. He will be
brought before the Insanity Commission
ers to-day for further examination, and
will probably be committed to the asy
lum.
Died From an Operation.
Mrs. Marie Rochfort, a resident of Point
Reyes, was brought by her husband last
Wednesday to the McNutt Hospital, suf
fering from the effects of a criminal op
eration. She died on Thursday, and Dr.
Winslow Anderson refused to sign the
death certificate, and reported the case
to Coroner Hawkins. Autopsy Surgeon
Gallagher discovered that the woman had
died from blood poisoning, and an in
quest will be held. The deceased was a
native of Norway, aged 30 years.
Charles Fettijohn Insane.
Charles Petiijohn, who resided at 1017
Florida street, was declared Insane yes
terday and taken to the Agnews Insane
Asylum. The unfortunate man ran
amuck a few days ago, and with a brace
of revolvers frightened the neighbors to
such a degree that they had him arrested.
It did not take long to ilnd that he was
out of his mind and in consequence he
has been placed out of harm's way.
De Greayer Broke His Bibs.
Septimus de Grenyer, the well-known
stock broker, fell from a street car Thurs
day night and received quite painful in
juries. In the fall he was badly bruised
about the head and face and broke two
ribs. He had been seriously ill for some
time and was too weak to avoid the acci
dent. It was not long ago that Mr. de
Greayer had the same bones broken.
Th« famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue it Is pure.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; SPECIAL OFFERINGS |
| WAISTS BONNETS, and CHILDREN'S I
! TRIMMED STRAW HATS ! |
\ — o
\p We place on sale this morning a complete assortment of LADIES' WAISTS, ?
» CHILDREN'S TRIMMED STRAW HATS AND BONNETS not equaled anywhere in the °
> city. For style and beauty they are unexcelled, and will be offered to the public o
I at nearly ONE-HALF THE FORMER PRICE. . . . I
? _. _i ___ - r -___ITT «-i r-a w_rynrr__> 2
\ : LADIES' WAISTS. |
[:> ! «A_t 5O Cents. ♦
I LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy stripes and checks;
)'• regular price 85c; will be placed on sale at 50c. 0
ni _A.t SO Oer_ts. o
! LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, in plaids and ♦
]■:'■: checks, blouse front; regular price $1; will be placed on sale at 60c.
!S J±t 75 O©r_ts. . ♦
' LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy checks and plaids, made of percale £
!&-• and gingham, latest style; regular price $1 25; will be placed on sale o
, -:i at 75c. , ■ ♦
•f At~SLOO. i
' LADIES' FRENCH PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, latest style patterns, >
i in plaids and checks; regular price $1 50; will be placed on sale O
| *t*l. O
_A.t $1.25. o
1 LADIES' FINE DIMITY WAISTS, in plaids and stripes, latest style, 4
i made detachable collar; regular price $1 75 and $2; will be placed on a
sale at $1 25. ;^ __!_; . ; ♦
Children's Poke Bonnets and Hats. °
t '*' -'-:') .'.V,*.:. 1 o
-A_t SO Oents. J
' CHILDREN'S WHITE AND COLORED .SUN-BONNETS; regular prica ♦
, 40c; will be placed on sale at 20g. • 9
1 r -A_t 25 Cents. : %
| CHILDREN'S POKE BONNETS, in figured material, finished with ruf- o
fle; regular price 50c; will be placed on sale at 25c ♦
-A_t 35 Oents. o
CHILDREN'S HATS, straw top, finished with row of colored plaiting, ♦
r edged with lace; regular price 75c; will be placed on sale at 35c. 9
__Vt 50 Oents. . %
\- CHILDREN'S STRAW-TOP HATS, finished with doubled row of col- o
ored lawn, in pink, blue and red; regular price $1; will be placed on + .
. sale at 50c. O
__________ A
-A-t 75 Cents. ?
CHILDREN'S STRAW-TOP HATS, double row of colored lawn, edged n
with lace and finished with flowers; regular price $1 25; will be placed ♦
ft:-- on sale at 75c. .-■">"%'• >' -' : _\, O
IF If Market, Jones and 1 McAllister Sts., / ♦
*^ V^ San F^i-eanriiico. f
O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-0-*-O-*-C>"O-*-O-*-O-*-O-»-O-*-O-*-0-*-O-*-0-*-C3"*'o-*-0-*-0-^-0-*-0-*-0+
ENCOURAGEMENT FOR
THE TRUTH SOCIETY
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS ENTER-
TAINMENT A SUCCESS.
Metropolitan Temple Crowded With
a Large Audience — An Inter
esting and Entertaining
Programme Given.
The entertainment given at Metropoli
tan Temple last evening by the League
of the Cross Cadets for the benefit of the
ladles of . the Catholic Truth Society
proved a success far beyond the most
sanguine expectations of those directly In
charg«. The hall was crowded to its ut
most capacity. People unable to procure
seats crowded the aisles and blocked the
passages leading to the entrance.
The programme of the evening com
prised many Interesting and instructive
selections by many well-known profes
sional singers and actors. Among the
number were Elvia Seabrooke and Wil
liam Pruette of the Tivoll Opera-house
and many other well-known actresses and
actors. One of the most attractive feat
ures was a number of comic songs and
recitations by William J. Hynes, the
well-known comedian. An eloquent ad
dress upon the subject of "Patriotism."
was delivered by John J. Barrett. In it
he outlined and defined civil government
speaking of it as divine in Itself as the
soul of man and obligatory and binding
as moral law. He drew a well-defined
parallel of the patriotism of the people
of the United States and the people of
other nations. He characterized it as one
of the paramount traits of every Ameri
can citizen, emphasizing this fact by the
heroic sacrifice that our volunteer sol
diers are now making in defense of the
principles of liberty and tolerance in the
present war. The speaker said that when
the war shall have terminated the Ameri
can republic will be under a lasting ob
ligation to the Irish and the Catholic
church.
This claim, he stated, was based upon
the blood of Catholics and Irishmen hun
dreds of whom have perished for the
nation since the war was declared; and to
the ladies of the Catholic Truth Society
who have worked bo indefatigably in al
leviating the sufferings and privations of
the soldiers. In conclusion he reviewed
the policy of the nation and spoke of the
war as the great and stupendous proof
that the Government of this country 's
based on the greatest of all powers of
complete union— that of patriotism.
The programme rendered w:is as fol
lows: Overture, League of the Cross
band; introductory. W. E. Dorn. presi
dent of the evening; instrumental duet
Misses Pearl and Maud Noble: barytone
solo, John J. Raffael; reading. Miss
Blanche Campbell; piano solo "Temple
Dance," Professor S. Martinez; selections.
W. J. Hynes; violin solo, Professor C
P. yon Oer. accompanied by Miss Cool\
yon Celberlieh; soprano solo. Miss Klva
Seabrooke; selections. League of the
Cross band; address, John J. Barrett;
flower song. Mrs. Pauline Wand- selec
tions. Edwin Stevens: song "The Flag "
League of the Cross Chorus; march,
League of the Cross band.
Row in a Kitchen.
After having .his wounds attended to
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning, J. M. Ricker, steward of the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, went to Judge Lo
gan's court and swore to a complaint
charging Walter Beck with battery.
Beck is the salad-maker, and yesterday
morning Ricker had occasion to speak to
him about the way he had made shrimp
salad. Beck did not take kindly to the
remonstrance and struck Ricker over the
head and face with some dishes. Beck
was arrested.
Boxing Permits Granted.
The health and police committee of the
Supervisors met yesterday and granted
a license to the Exqetstor Athletic Club
to rive a boxing exhibition next No
vember. A similar permit was granted
to the Hartford Club for a contest be
tween August 20 and 30.
Opening to-day, new photographic
studio. Vaughn & Keith, 14 Grant aye.»
IT PAYS TO FIGHT.
Important Concessions Made to Man-
ufacturers by the Railroad
Combine.
Several months ago the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association made a strong
fight against the railroads' discrimination
against the manufacturers of this coast
in allowing the jobbers of the East rates
on manufactured articles that killed lo
cal competition. Many conferences, were
held, and a representative was sent to the
recent convention of railroad men, .which
resulted in several important concessions
being made in favor of the West. That
it sometimes pay to fight, even when the
opponent is a big railroad corporation, is
shown by the following letter, which was
received yesterday by the secretary of the
association:
SAX FRANCISCO. July 28, 189 S.
Manufacturers" and Producers' Association,
Mills building', city — Gentlemen: Referring to
our correspondence of some time ago regard
ing: the rate bB leaf tob&CCQ from Dariville,
Va., to San Francisco being just as high as on
the manufactured article, we are glad to say
that the railroad company has now arranged
rates satisfactory to us, the charges being but
$1 50 on the ra?r material, against $2 20 OB the
manufactured article. As we believe- this ia
due entirely to your efforts we herewltti tKg
t'j thank you for giving this matter such
prompt attention. Very truly yours.
H. B'OHLS & CO.
For the Irish Fair.
The ladies composing the ice . cream
committee of the Irish Fair are making:
Active preparations for the duties that
will devolve upon them during the big
exposition. They will have a booth on
each floor of the Pavilion. The one on
the lower floor will bo called Killarney-
Dingle. A programme of music will be
rendered each evening. The ladies .will
be. attired in peasant costumes of grreen
organdie. The names of those in charge
of the booths follow:
Mrs J. S. Young, chairman: Miss Nellie Me
iiu^htin viee chalrnmn; Miss Nora Sullivan,
t^nlnrpr flAt floor- Mrs. Etta TVollenschlager,
triaiure? se^ondVoor: .Mis; « U«»le -McDermott
X Alexander Mrs. Maggie Webster, Miss
Isabel Gallagher. Miss Eva Mclnerney. Miss
Ada Long.-Miss Cora Long. Miss Agnes O'Neill.
Mrs. A. W. McKay. _ .
Immigration Statistics.
The report of the local Immigration
Commissioner for the month of July
shows arrivals of person* of the following
ii In 'i^- Ormany, 14: British Colum
w^i4?'SMtland^9; Austria, 6: Sweden, 6;
bia. 14 Scotland, »■ 4: " Spain. 4; Portugal.
Denmark, ."• Italy. 4: fepdin. 4, t'ortugai,
3: Russia "'• Finland, 2; Hawaii, 2; and
3. Kussia. - j ■ ' f whom 165 are
Sates?' One hundred' and fifty-four ■" are
between 15 and 40 years of age, and 34 are
V TheV;ges r ? sum? of money brought by
the immilrants are as follows: English,
the iminiM<i"i. moos- Aimtralian S?7°s'
$3652- Japanese. ?2Jys, Australian, ♦-ijs,
and Scotch. $2236. ■
A Gasoline Explosion.
An alarm was turned in from box 546 at
8 o'clock last evening for a fire caused by
the explosion of gasoline in a tank house
owned by George Gotelli at the corner tr*
Seltan street and San Bruno road. The
estimated damage Is $500.
Robert McMurray's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Robert MoMurray were filed
yesterday. The estate is a large one, and
is composed of real and personal property
valued at H88.2S 87.
Clerk Farish Is 111.
A. Tj. Farish, chief deputy of Vnite<l
State* Marshal Shine, is confined to his
bed witta typhoid fever. His physician,
affirms that the attack is not serious.
NEW YORK — Arrived August 6 — Stmr Etru
rla, from Liverpool.
DIED.
JOHNSTON*— In this city. Aupust 5. Elizabeth.
l.ariy beloved wife or John Johnston and
mother of Mrs. J. 11. Wilson, Samuel, Jennie
K. Matilda, Henry C. and John U. Johnston'
anil >:rai:dinoth*T of Willie H. Wilson, a na
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 33
jresn ftnd 5 months.
Si 'IIIXTZ— In this city, at his residence,
tXU Seventeenth street, August 6, ISPS, Hen
ry <",.. leli«\e<l husband of Bertha Schlntz and
father of Mrs. J. Kull and Ma. Henry, Clara.
Robert and Flora Schinta and brother of
Ileriiun and Alfred Sehintz.
ICTNctlce of funeral hereafter.