VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 104.
LIFE AND PROPERTY DESTROYED
BY FIRES IN COAST TOWNS
NEW WESTMINSTER
REDUCED TO ASHES
Number of Fatalities Large ar)d
tf)e Property Loss Over Two
Million Dollars.
. VANCOUVER B. C., . Sept. 11.— The
"JStigltiess^l/Srtriiii' of* 'New"'"West minster
was totally destroyed by fire this
tnorning, entailing a loss of $2,500,000.
Despair and suffering are the lot of
hundreds of homeless people. Food,
clothing and aid of all kinds are being
hurriedly dispatched from Vancouver
to the ill-fated "Royal City." :
It is not known how many people lost
their lives, but It is feared several hava
been burned to death. Campbell, a fire
man, fell from the roof of a burning
building and was killed. A woman
dropped dead from fright. Another
who was ill died while rescuers were
removing hfr from a burning house,
while a third suffering from typhoid
fever, who had been twice removed
from residences which were In the
burning zone, did not survive the shock.
So fierce were the flames that apples
on the trees on the side of the street
opposite the burning houses were
roasted.
Three river steamers were destroyed
—the Edgar, the Gladys and Bona Con
cord. Every industry save the big
Royal City Planing Mills and Cleve
land Canning Company plant has been
destroyed. The Canadian Pacific Rail
way station and the bridge across Fra
zer River were burned.
The fire started at about midnight on
the river front and was causad by a
spark from a steamer. Fanned by a
fierce gale, the flames spread at such a
rapid rate that within three hours ten
streets were ablaze.
The fire was first noticed at Brack
man & Kerr's wharf, on Front street.
From there it spread down to the Ca
TROOPS AT MANILA
READY FOR ACTION
Plots ar>d CouQter-Plots in the
Philippines That Cause flmeri
coqs Uneasiness.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by Jaice* Gordon Dennett.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
MANILA, Sept. 11.— The Irritation induced by the aggressive at
titude of certain irresponsible native leaders acting in defiance of
Aeuinaldo'B orders, not to mention the secret efforts of the ecclesias
tical party to promote disturbances with the intention of leading the
revolutionary government to certain ruin, has become so serious
that American troops are now kept in barracks under arms ready for
action at a moment's notice. •
A feeling of insecurity and unrest exists. Many native workmen
are daily leaving their employers with the open Intention of Joining
the rebels. Hundreds who are now on strike in cigar factories and
other establishments are recruiting Aguinuldo's ranks.
The "dictator" made a triumphal entry into Malols Saturday,
formally taking posseesion of the new capital in the Saopaloc district.
Frklay night the insurgent band of Juan Blanco created consider
able disturbance by attempting to disarm recruits considered too
youthful to bear arms. One captain was mortally wounded.
Juan Blanco is a man who deserts from one party to another as
occasion serves. It has been persistently reported that he is the
agent of the Spanish clerical party to spoil Aguinaldo's game. I
have not been able to verify these reportß.
The signal corpa is putting down a cable from Cavite to Manila.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, AS IT APPEARED BEFORE IT WAS LAID WASTE BY FIRE.
nadian Pacific depot. It crossed the
street at this point. Thence it went up
the street, taking In the other side of
Front street and Columbia street, the
business thoroughfare of the city.
Block after block caught fire and in a
•few minutes there was nothing left of
what had been the business portion of
New Westminster.
From Columbia street the conflagra
tion spread up the hill to a huge build
ing built upon piles in a gully bridged
by Carnavon street. There was a great
space under this building filled with
dry seasoned lumber. The air got in
with the fire and gave it jreat play.
There was a whirlwind of flame v. hich
belched forth destruction.
From this point the fire spread. The
English cathedral was qu'ckly at
tacked. The Baptist church followed
and the Central Methodist also. All
were destroyed, together with a large
number of residences. The inhabitants
had to flee for their lives.
The fire swept down Carnovon street,
and quickly enveloped the big brick
courthouse and the wooden City Hall.
Fortunately there was a bie open space
here and the flames were not able to
leap far enough to take in the big Cen
tral School. Agnes street, however,
had got alight and on one side of Royal
avenue. All the houses on that street
were completely burned. The wind was
blowing furiously down Frazer River
toward the north. If it had been blow
ing the other way the whole of the
Catholic church buildings, convent and
hospital and other structures would
have been burned.
This morning there was no water
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
MANY LIVES LOST IN A FIRE
THAT DESTROYED JEROME
Eleven Bodies \\a\te Been Recovered prom tf)e
F^uiQS ar}d a Score or More Persons
f\re Missiog.
PnESCOTT, \t\z., Sept. 11.— Th*
town of Jerome, near here, was com
pletely destroyed this morning by fire,
with a loss of over $1,000,000 in prop
erty. Eleven bodies have so far been
recovered from the ruins, while a score
or more persons are missing.
The fire originated from a gasoline
stove In a cabin and spread so furious
ly and fiercely that it was Impossible
to save even clothing.
The fire was confined exclusively to
the business portion of the town and
the open ground intervening between
it and the mammoth works of the
United Verde Company saved the lat
ter's plant, otherwise the loss and suf
fering would have been terrible.
Many people from Jerome ~-~ arriv
ing here on special trains, while those
remaining are being cared for by the
company.
The area of the fire was confined to
a narrow gulch and ravines leading to
it, in which were located substantial
wooden and stone buildings, the latter
melting as rapidly before the flames as
pasteboard. Over 150 residences, aver
aging in value $2000, twenty-five gen
eral merchandise and other stores, sa
loons and stands of all kinds are in
ashes — in short, not a single business
house remains. The only building to
escape was the Methodist Church.
supply for the use of the burned-out
citizens. There was not a single
butcher, baker or provision shop that
was not destroyed, and there was only
one small hotel saved. Some of the
burned-out people retired in the early
hours this morning in the open air in
front of the school house. They cover
ed themselves with blankets and lay
down to sleep under the sky.
The loss is roughly estimated at $2,
500,000; Insurance, $1,500,000. Bank
vaults withstood the fire. One insur
ance company's vault was blown up by
runpowder.
A citizens' committee has been form
ed in Vancouver to give relief to the
sufferers.
The Provlnc 1 -" Government is assist
ing. Financial Minister Cotton Jreceiv
ed the news in Victoria about noon. He
got blankets, tents and other supplies
loaded on a special train which reach
ed Nanaimo, 74 mil"s distant, In less
than two hours. The steamer Joan was
In readiness there and reached Vancou
ver in record time. Here a special Can
adian Pacific freight was ready, and
the supplies were loaded and sent to
Westminster.
FLAMES RACED FROM
STREbT TO STREET
Residents Given but Time to Escape
Alive Without Attempting to
Save Their Belongings.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 11.— New
Westminster from 11:15 on Saturday
night until 5 o'clock this morning was
a sea of flames and now the town Is a
mass of ruins. The business portion
has been completely destroyed— in Jact,
the city has been practically swept off
the face of the earth.
The conflagration began In the hay
on Brackman & Ker's wharf at about
11:15 o'clock. The crowd which was
promenading up and down Columbia
street on Saturday, as is usual at the
close of the week, had thinned out. All
were at home or on the way home, save
little gatherings of men, who lingered
on the corners. These groups were sud
denly startled by the dull boom from
the flrebell, and a shower of sparks was
Been to rise from the river front near
■■.: The number of people vlio arc tiome
less is placed at 1600 and they are being
cared ' for -by ; Messrs.Glroux ' and Allen
of the mining company. / Two special
trains , left here to-night , for the , scene
of the ' disaster, carrying ; tents and
other .material to comfort the distress
ed, and a meeting Is being held to raise
money for the needy, of whom there are
many.' The loss is complete,' little In
surance being written In that camp,
owing to the gerat risk and the inade
quate water, supply." The .United Verde
management is now kindly caring for
the sufferers, until other arrangements
are made.
The building the fire originated In
was the scene of a drunken carousal
last night, and while no demonstrations
are being made against the men who
are responsible for it, attention will
be given to them later.
Various parties are now endeavoring
to extricate the remains from the ruins
and until the ground cools sufficiently
to permit rescuers to approach the de
bris, it will be impossible to ascertain
definitely the names of the victims.
Several prominent mining men in the
West are said to have been in the town
at the time and are unaccounted for.
The fire started at 7 o'clock in the
morning and spread with such rapidity
tfcat In less than two hours not a house
the city market building. The clatter
of hose carts along the almost deserted
thoroughfares and the ringing of fire
gongs caused the streets to fill rapidly
again and the size of the blaze to the
southward indicated to the hurrying
crowds that the firemen had a large
contract on their hands.
The firemen had located the blaze In
a huge pile of hay — about 200 tons —
stored on Brackman & Ker's wharf.
The hay had been there since early in
the season and the sultry summer had
thoroughly prepared it as fit food for
the greedy flames. Hose lines were
speedily attached to the nearest hy
drants, but even while this was being
done the roof of the Brackman & Ker
building burst into flames and fell in.
The stern-wheeler Edgar, which had
tied up to the wharf shortly before 10
o'clock was by this time enveloped in
flames. Her cables parted and she
drifted down the river on the outgoing
tide, a grand but awe-inspiring sight.
To the Edgar many ascribe the out
break of the terrible conflagration. It
is said that sparks from her furnaces
set fire to the hay, but it Is said by
others that her flies had been banked
an hour before the alarm was given.
Still others attribute the disaster to
some man who threw a match on the
wharf after lighting his pipe. A half
dozen different theories for the origin
of the fire are advanced; nor is this to
be wondered at, for there were at least
six distinct conflagrations blazing
within fifteen minutes after the first
alarm.
The Edgar dropped rapldlydown the
stream, but the set of the current car
ried her Inshore and she fouled the
steamer Gladys, which was tied up to
the Canadian Paci.Lc Navigation wharf.
Despite the strenuous efforts of the crew
and many volunteers, the Gladys took
fire almost Immediately. The timbers
and buildings of the Canadian Pacific
Navigation Company, dried by the heat
of the summer, were ignited and the
men on the wharf were forced to re
treat or meet an awful death.
tt^ two boats broke clear of the up
per end of the wharf together, and In
a short space of tim^ had struck the
Btemwheeler Bonacord. She, too, be
!n p.t area that would cover five bloi-Ks
was left standing.
On the other side of the gulch hun
dreds of pounds of giant powder was
used in the attempt to arrest the
flames by demolishing buildings, but
eye-witnesses state that" as soon as a
gap was made the scattered buildings
were licked up as if by suction and
thrown hundreds of feet in every di
rection, only to ignite and increase the
fury of the fire.
It is said that the entire family of a
man and wife and three children, who
endeavored to save what they had been
years In accumulating, have been
found in the ruins. As the arrivals
from the scene reach the city the de
vastation reported is found to be only
the more pitiable and sad.
Dr. Woods, the company physician,
narrowly escaped losing all the patients
in the hospital, but by good judgment
a score of inmates were saved by him
by being removed early and hastily.
The reservoir which supplies the
town with water, was undergoing re
pairs at the time, but eye-witnesses
state that had the water been abund
ant after the fire had gained headway,
the result would have been the same.
So complete is the disaster that refu
gees in this city to-night are not only
penniless, but are without necessary
clothing as well.
came ablaze. Her cables parted and
away she went j ith the other two in
this carnival of destruction.
By strange ill-luck the waters, as
though in league with the fiery element,
carried the ships close along the
wharves which line the Frazer River.
All were ripe for the blaze, and wher
ever the vessels touched fires started.
All the canneries and sheds on the
water front were Ignited. The Gladys
and Edgar soon foundered and sank.
The Bonacord was scuttled to prevent
her setting fire to the Royal City Plan
ing mills.
At midnight the citizens saw that the
city was in imminent danger. There
was only a puny stream of water to
fight the fire. Chief Ackerman was
away on a holiday and Foreman Wat
son was in his place. The Mayor tele
phoned to Vancouver that the city was
on fire. In an hour and a quarter the
entire fire brigade of Vancouver was on
the scene, and the two brigades pumped
water from the river, abandoning the
reservoirs. The Vancouver boys did
noble work, actually checking the fire
westward at the Queen's Hotel block,
and again several blocks back from
there In the residence portion.
At the Brackman & Ker wharf, where
the fire had its origin, two firemen were
driven from their hose by the heat.
The people in the Columbia Hotel,
Just across from Brackman & Ker, soon
recognized the danger of their position
and desperate efforts were made to save
their effects. Lytton square, upon
which the east side of the hotel faces,
was lumbered with all sorts of per
sonal property.
The fire spread V> the Market build
ing. This was food for the flames, and
in an instant Chinatown, which is on
Front street, east of Lytton square,
was blazing from one end to the other.
Frenzied Chinamen rushed up and
down in despair. Acting Chief Watson
soon recognized the futility of trying to
save any of the wharves or property In
that vicinity.
The fire having obtained the majstery
on Front street made its first attack
on Columbia avenue by a diagonal
move. Soon the Columbia Hotel was a
Continued on Second Pose.
MANY EUROPEAN
COUNTRIES MOURN
There Is Universal Grief Over the
Assassinatior) of Austria's Be
loved Empress.
VIENNA, Sept. 11.— The plans for the
funeral of the late Empress Elisabeth,
who was assassinated by an anarchist
yesterday at Geneva, contemplate
bringing the remains to Vienna next
Thursday, a lying in state on Friday
and the obsequies of Interment on Sat
urday.
Every flag in the city is at half-mast
to-day and the theaters, races and
other amusements are suspended in
definitely. All the Archdukes and the
Archduchess Marie Valeric have ar
rived at Schoenbrunn. It was reported
last evening that Emperor Francis Jo
seph had gone to Geneva by a special
train, but this was an error. At noon
to-day he had not yet left Schoen
brunn. Crown Princess Stephanie, who
has been staying at Darmstadt, has
been summoned.
The Emperor's fortitude Is the topic
of universal admiration. He is bear
ing 1 up manfully, despite the terrible
shock, which in view of his age, had in
spired the gravest apprehension. Al
though at flrat stunned and then slight
ly hysterical, he soon regained his self
control and displayed remarkable calm
ness. Occasionally, however, complete
ly overpowered by his grief, he moaned
piteously, repeatedly sobbing the name
of the Empress.
Addressing Prince yon Liechten
stein, Chief Marshal of the imperial
household, he exclaimed last evening:
"It is inconceivable how a man could
lift his hand against one who never in
her life injured any, who did nothing
but good. Nothing is spared to me In
this world."
He managed to sleep several hours
last night, and said this morning h«
felt comparatively well, discouraging
the attempts of his attendants to dis
play solicitude for his health.
The shock of the news crazed one of
the court servants, who rushed from
BOSTON CITIZENS
DENOUNCE SHAFTER
They Charge That iQ tJ)e Cubar)
Campaign \}e Was Guilty of
Gross iQCompetency.
BOSTON, Sept. 11.— We, the undersigned citizens of Boston, after
reading the arraignment of General Shafter by Congressman Fitzger
ald, do hereby heartily approve of the stand the Congressman has
taken in th? matter, and respectfully call the attention of every loyal
citizen of Massachusetts not only to the barbarous methods employ
ed by General Shafter in conducting the late campaign in Cuba, but
also to the way he has glossed over the ill-treatment, neglect and
starvation accorded our own gallant Ninth, who proved themselves
equal to the task allotted them in every fight, from the outset of the
war to its conclusion.
Resolved, That we, the citizens of Massachusetts, call the atten
tion of the whole nation to Shafter's gross incompetency, careless
ness and ignorance, and that we demand -üblic investigation of the
way he has carried out his duties during the late campaign in Cuba.
John J. McCarthy, F. H. Downey, William A. Buchanan, T. J.
Normiley, M. Neary, J. Murray, A. Rawcliffe, T. Keney, M. McCarthy,
John E. Leahy, John Reardon, Timothy Raferty, Frank T. Fay, Wil
liam Hayes, J. H. Buckley, D. P. Donoaldson, H. F. Cunningham,
John J. Purcell, Thomas Hennessey, F. J. Hendrickson. T. J. Dur
ney, Robert E. Lee, D. J. Murphy, P*ter F. O'Neill, John J. Gllmore,
S. Pollard, Patrick F. Donovan, Hugh R. Smith, Peter F. Johnson, M.
O'Brien, Chirles F. Mackenzie— Resolution* adoflxl at a meeting of citi
zens of Boston.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the palace to the BurTpia.tz, shri< '
'Where is the murderer of our Em
press?"
Dispatches of condolence are arriving
at the palace from all parts of the
world, testifying to profound horror and
sympathy. Among them are messages
from President McKinley, from Em
peror William and from nearly all the
European sovereigns. The court will
go into mourning for six months.
DEMONSTRATION OF
SWISS OFFICIALS TO
SHOW THEIR SORROW
BERNE. Switzerland, Sept. 11.— The
Federal Council met this morning and
sent the following telegram to Em
peror Francis Joseph:
"The Swiss Federal Council has the
honor to express to -our Majesty its
prqfoundest grief and deepest indigna
tion at the horrible crime to which her
Ma^sty Empress Elizabeth has fallen
a victim. Our pain and indignation are
all the greater owin to the foul crime
havi-~ been committed on Swiss ter
ritory. The Council hastens to assure
your Majesty at the same time of its
warmest sympathy and that of the
whole Swiss people in the great loss
your Majesty, the imperial house and
people of Austria and Hungary have
suffered through your exalted lady's
death."
The flag on the Federal building is
at half mast. 1 'ie Council reassembled
this afternoon to consider the steps to
be taken. It is expected that the ju
dicial authorities of the Canton of
Vaud will conduct the inquiry and the
trial.
The Geneva Canton met to-day and
decftld to issue a proclamation ex
pressing the horror of the Government2
and the people of Geneva and a decree.
directing a popular demonstration to
morrow. All the civil officials will
march past the Hotel Beaurivage, fol
lowed by the citizens, all of whom are
Invited to participate. During the pro
cession, the great bell of the cathedral,
associated with all Swiss national dem
onstrations of grief and Joy, will be
tolled.
Emperor Francis Joseph telegraphed
the Austrian Minister, Count Yon Kuef-
Bteln, to consent to a post mortem ex
amination. Dr. Reveruin, Dr. Mege
vaus and M. Golday, Mayor of Geneva,
were entrusted with the examination
of the wound on behalf of the judicial
authorities, and accordingly proceeded
to the Hotel Bepurivage, where they
carried out their Instructions. At the
close of the examination they announc
•d that death was caused by "internal
hemorrhage from a triangular incised
wound." They decided that the in-
Jury was of a character to leave no
grounds for the theory which had been
advanced that he Empress, who suf-
fered from weakness of the heart,
might have succumbed simply to the
shock of the blow. The autopsy show
ed that the lung as well as the heart
was pierced.
The General Council will place upon
the coffin wreaths intertwined with the
Austrian-Genevan colors and bearing
the inscription: "A token of sorrow
ful sympathy from the people of
Geneva."
Throughout yesterday's examination
of the assassin, his demeanor was one
of revolting cynicism.
Empress Elizabeth was about re
turning to Caux, France, when she was
murdered. Her suite had preceded her
by train, leaving with her only her
maid of honor, Baroness Yon Roths
child, and a man servant. The officials
who visited the hotel to affix the seals
upon the baggage according to the
strict law in force, found that the
suite's luggage had accompanied the
suite.
The last words of the Empress were
addressed to the attendant. Recover-
ing consciousness for a moment, she
feebly asked what had happened.
As yet the authorities have found no
confirmation of the report that the
murder was part of an anarchist con
spiracy, but a dozen persons with whom
the assassin associated have been ar
rested for examination.
DASTARDLY DEED CAUSES
BITTER INDIGNATION
LONDON, Sept. 12.— The terrible
news has thrilled Europe from end to
end and everywhere but one question
is asked: "How can society protect
itself against anarchism?"
Special dispatches from every capital
describe the effect produced and news
paper comments that palpitate with
bitter indignation that a defenseless
woman, who shunned politics and did
nothing but good, should be selected,
at the moment of the approaching
jubilee, for an assassin's knife. Per
haps the most poignant grief is dis
played in Italy, because the public
mind there Is touched with shame that
so many political crimes have been
committed by Italians.
King Humbert, with his own hands,
wrote a telegram expressing the deep
est sympathy. The Pope wired Em
peror Francis Joseph as follows:
"May God give the strength^tf resig
nation to our dear son Joseph, who in
so short a period has been tried by so
many misfortunes. We pray that God
may bestow upon the house of Haps
burg that peace and tranquillity which
It merits by reason of its sentiments
toward the church and the papacy."
The Pope ordered solemn mass in the
churches of Rome for the repose of the
soul of the deceased.
It is understood that the Prince of
Naples and Emperor William, with
Empress Augusta and Victoria, will
attend the funeral.
Another feature is the intense sor
row and sympathy evoked in Hun
gary- It is hoped that the sad event
T .vill tend to compose the politcial
troubles between the two parties of the
dual monarchy.
Emperor Francis Joseph, it is paid,
has been troubled from the beginning
of the year with gloomy forebodings,
and was often heard to express a fer
vent wish that the jubilee would soon
be safely over. His brother. Archduke
Ludwig Victor, was dining at a res
taurant in the Jubilee exhibition at
Vienna when the news of the assassina
tion reached him. He hastened to
Schoenbrunn, where, on meeting .the
Emperor, a deeply affecting scene en
sued.
The Emperor is much agitated. Twice
he has started for Vienna, each time
changing his mind. He is unable to
ent anything. His daughter, Archduch
ess Valeric, remains constantly at his
side. A number of Italian workmen
were severely mobbed and ill-treated
in a Vienna restaurant Saturday, and
wrre only saved by the police from a
worse fate.
It appears that last Thursday Em
press Elizabeth had read to her pas
sages from one of Marion Crawford's
novels describing the Sicilian vendetta
murders. She was much horrified at
the details, which resemble those of her
own death. It is understood the book
had been chosen for her with the idoa
of dissuading her from visiting Sicily.
GREAT SORROW OF THE
PEOPLE OF HUNGARY
BUDAPESTH, Hungary, Sept. 11.—
Both houses of the Diet met to-day in
extraordinary session. Long before the
magnates and Deputies arrived the
legislative palace was surrounded by
an Immense concourse of sorrowing
people.
A band of 500 students, carrying
craped banners, lined the road leading
to the entrance of the Unterhaus.
The president of the chambers, ex
pressed the nation's sorrow and condo
lence, and in both houses motions be
fitting the occasion were adopted. The
Diet then adjourned.
A royal decree issued to-day suspends
the Hungarian military maneuvers.
THE EMPEROR GRATEFUL
FOR AMERICAN SYMPATHY
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— The Pres
ident has received the following re
ply to the telegram of condolence sent
to the Emperor Francis Joseph
"SCHOENBRUNN, Sep. 11.—Em
peror of Austria to the President of
the United States: Sincerely touched
by the expression of condolence and
sympathy which you have been pleased
to forward me in the name of the Gov
ernment and the people of the United
States. I beg you to accept for that
expression my warmest thanks.
"FRANCIS JOSEPH "
VICTORIA MOURNS THE
LOSS_OF ELIZABETH
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Queen Victoria
and the Prince and Princea* of Wales
telegraphed their condolence to Em
peror Francis Joseph last night.
The Court Circular says: "The Queen
received last evening with feelings of
tht utmost consternation the startling
news of the terrible crime. The Queen
mourns profoundly the loss of her Im
perial Majesty, with whom ehd had
been on terms of friendship for many
years. She feelß likewise most deeply
for the honored and bereaved Emperor,
who has experienced so many trials
during his long and beneficent reign."
THE FIEND GLORIES
IN HIS FOUL CRIME
GENEVA, Sept. 11.— No strangers
are allowed to approach the coffin of
the murdered Empress Elizabeth. The
body has been embalmed and is dressed
in white.
The doctors phptographed the wound,
but the plate will be destroyed. It is
understood Emperor ...Francis Joseph
will not leave Austria, but will send
high court officials to take the body to
Vienna, Flowers are arriving in pro
fusion.
The assassin of Empress Elizabeth is
calm in demeanor and frankly congrat
ulates himself upon the success of his
crime. He says: "I am an anarchist,
but I belong to no committee. I acted
on my own initiative. Let them do as
they like with me. That is my
strength."
•
STORY TOLD BY THE
LADY IN WAITING
GENEVA, Sept. 11.— The lady in
waiting who was with the Empress at
the moment of the attack says:
"After the Empress rose, I asked her
if she felt any pain. She replied: 'I
don't know. I think I feel a pain In
my chest.' *
"I said: 'It must be fright. Take
my arm.' The Empress declined,
straightened herself up and walked
calmly on board the steamer. Even
when she lost consciousness I thought
it only fright or an attack of nervous
ness. I am positive she never knew
she had been struck by an assassin."
WEAPON OF MURDERER
FOUND AND IDENTIFIED
GENEVA, Sept. 11.— Midnight—A file
found late this evening in the passage
of a house on the Rue dcs Alpes has
been identified by the assassin as the
weapon used.
His name, though heretofore various
ly given and published here as Luc
cheni, Luccesi and Lucchesi, is now
said to be Luigini.
The Italian records show that Lui
gini was an illegitimate child and took
his mother's name. He has been twice
arrested as a defaulter of the military
service.
TEN FRIENDS OF THE
ASSASSIN ARRESTED
LAUSANNE, Switzerland, Sept. 11.—
Ten friends and acquaintances of the
assassin of the Empress Elizabeth were
arrested here to-day. He has been
working as a stonemason in this vicin
ity, and last month he took the prelim
inary steps to become a naturalized
Swiss. His application papers, how
ever, he withdrew last Monday.
INTERNATIONAL ACTION
AGAINST ANARCHISTS
London, Sept. 12. — Many of the prom
inent European journals are urging in
ternational action against anarchists.
They recall that both the late M. Car
not, President of the French Republic,
and the late Senor Canovas del Castillo,
the Spanish Prime Minister, were the
victims of Italian anarchists.
NEW WESTMINSTER
REDUCED TO ASHES
Continued from First Pa^e.
seething hell, but the Powell block,
which adjoins it to the rear and fronts
on Columbia avenue, was apparently
uninjured. The first building on Co
lumbia avenue actually burned was the
Bank of British Columbia block.
The Chinese store of Kwong Wing
Lung Co. kept the oncoming flames but
a few seconds and here the most tragic
incident of the flrt occurred. Mun Lee,
the head of the firm and one of the
wealthiest Chinese merchants in the
"Royal City," rushed into his store in
a wild attempt to save his money. He
reached the cash box, but Just as
he grasped it he fell back dead. The
corpse was carried to a place of safety
and a medical man announced that
heart disease had been the cause of
death.
To those who have not visited West- I
minster it may be explained that the
city is situated on a high, sloping bank
of the Fraser. Front street, as the
name suggests, is along the water
front. Running parallel with Front
and in succession are Columbia, Clark
son, Carnarvon, Victoria, Agness, Cun
ningham and First or Royal avenue.
Each of these streets is on a consider- !
ably higher level than that preceding — ■
in fact between Columbia and Clark
son streets, the grade is so steep as to j
make descent almost dangerous for
horses.
Columbia avenue was the principal
business thoroughfare. All along both |
sides it was built with imposing brick !
and stone buildings of which any city j
might have been proud. The Bank of
British Columbia occupied the finest j
of these bricks. Opposite was the
postoffice, and the roof of this was
ablaze almost as soon as was the bank.
All the events here described had
transpired so quickly that the crowd
which rushed aimlessly up and down
Columbia avenue had really no idea of
the extent of the conflagration. From
the wharves, which were blazing for
the full length of the city front, the
fire Immediately communicated with
buildings ' standing cityward. Along
McKenzie, Lome, Begbie, Alexander and
Eighth streets the flames rushed in a
mad chase. It seemed to the panlc-
Btricken citizens as though each sep
arate street had its * own particular
demon and that all were working in
fiendish rivalry to be the first to reach
the business center of the city.
Thus it was that the whole south side
of Columbia avenue burst into flames
practically at the same time. Mer
chants who had made desperate efforts
to save such private papers as had not
been put into safes or vaults were
drawn from their stores in the rush for
life. Hotel Douglas, on the corner of
which the Bank of Montreal was lo
cated, became a volcano of flame a few
minutes after it was first noticed to be
on fire. The guests had ample warning
and all escaped from the building, ;
though few had more belongings than
what they stood in.
The following strange Btory Ib being
told to-day: Passing up the hill at 7
or 8 o'clock on Saturday evening many,
TBLK SAN FRANCISCO CAJL.L, MONDAY, (SEPTEMBER 12, 189 S.
residents alleged they noticed a black
flag with a skull and crossbones hoist
ed on the flagstaff of the Central
School. It is said this flag was raised
by a convict who was let out of the
I penitentiary three or four days ago. He
swore when released that he would be
avenged, and many credit him with
having started the flee in the hay on
the Brackman & Ker wharf.
A partial list of the buildings de
stroyed is as follows:
Front street south— Market wharf, par
tially Insured; Brackman & Ker's wharf
and contents, $10,000; New Vancouver Coal
Company's wharf and contents; Canadian
Pacific Navigation Company's wharf and
contents; Sinclair Canning Company's
cannery, including season's pack; West
ern Fishing Company's cannery; No. 3
fire hall; Gilley Bros.' wharf and ware
house.
North side— All Chinese houses, some
ten or twelve, up to Telegraph Hotel;
Caledonia Hotel; five buildings owned by
Quong Owone & Co.; Webster Bros.'
block; Brackman & Ker block, contain
ing full stock; Water street butcher shop;
Douglas Elliott block; Society for the Pro
pagation of the Gospel block; Jas. Cun
ningham building; James Wise building-
Bushbee block; Holbrook building; Arm
strong-English block; Armstrong frame
building; Elckhoff Hotel; McGillivary
building; Vulcan Iron Works; Elliott es
tate livery stable; Townsend building.
Columbia street, south— Occidental Ho
tel; Armstrong brick block; Bumbly
block; Cunningham building; Bank of
British Columbia-
North— Begby block; Westminster fur
niture factory; Bakers' bakery; Y. M.
C. A. building; Fire Hall No. 1; Dun
can McCall's block; postofflce and Cus
tom-house; Lllard buildings; Flaokie
buildings; Colonial Hotel; Globe House-
Mead building; Guichon Hotel; Burns-
Curtis block; Armstrong-Young .ock;
Trapp building; Masonic Temple; Odd
Fellows' building; Lewis building; four
buildings owned by James Cunningham;
Central Hotel; Depot Hotel; Fales' fur
niture store; Merchants' Exchange block.
Area between Clarkson and Agnos
streets— Fifty-five Chinese buildings;
three livery stables; Chinese Mission;
Miss Robson's mission building; six
dwellings of James Cunningham, three of
J. Flackles, two of F. D. Turner; six of
J. O. Hollarens; J. Tumbull's house;
Alex McEwan's residence, valued at $35,
000; Harry Elliot's homestead estate of
ten dwellings; City Hall, Courthouse; ex-
Mayor ShJles' residence; four dwellings
owned by J. Fales; five dwellings owned
by True estate; Methodist Church and '
parsonage; four dwellings belonging to
Lieutenant Governor Mclnnes; old drill
hall, oldest building in the province;
Merchies' residence; Ponson's residence-
Hancock's residence; St. Leonard's Hall-
Woods Hotel; Trinity Cathedral, valued
at $25,000; ten houses owned by the Har
rlng estate; Herring's Opera-house; seven
houses owned by James Cunningham;
Olivet Baptist Church.
Between Agnos street and Royal ave
nue-Clinton block, $7000; Armstrong
dwelling; two Strong dwellings; two
houses owned by C. C. Major; two houses
owned by the Armstrong-Johnson estate;
tW ™ hous es owned by J. Cunningham,
54000; two houses owned by J. Cunning- j
ham, $6000; Orange Hall; Milligan estate;
James Cunningham's residence, the last
to burn after a desperate and unavailing
struggle, value $25,000; ten dwelling houses
owned by J. Cunningham; three houses
owned by R. Cunningham; two of the
Robßon estate; five of the Burns estate;
two of the Hunter estate; Gillow's resi
dence.
Thereare two saloons left in town— the
Telegraph and the Last End. No ho
tels are left standing. The Catholic
Church was the only church not de
stroyed.
The magnificent City Hall was in
sured for about $2000, but the Govern
ment buildings were not insured al
though worth nearly $100,000. Campbell i
the tailor, had a stock worth $35,000
and was insured for $15,000. Few of
the small merchants were insured.
VICTORIA SENDS RELIEF
TO THE SUFFERERS
VICTORIA, Sept. 11.— News was re
ceived early this morning of the de
struction of New Westminster by fire,
and created the greatest excitement.
A meeting of prominent business men,
the Mayor and the Aldermen was
promptly called, and at noon arrange
ments were made for a special train
to leave for Nanaimo whence a relief
party will go to New Westminster by
boat. The Premier, the Finance Min
ister and the Mayor will accompany the
party. Two carloads of tents and
blankets were taken along. The depot
presented a remarkable scene. The vol
unteer force included Cabinet Minis
ters, who assisted in loading supplies.
FIRE RAZES RED
BLUFF BUILDINGS
Hundred Thousand Dollar
Blaze in the Tehama
Metropolis.
Conflagration Starts in a Lodging
House and Lays Waste the
City's Business Center.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
RED BLUFF, Sept. 11.— One of the
most disastrous fires which has swept
this city for years started this morning
at about 2:30 o'clock in the rooms erf a
lodging-house above Kestener's restau
rant. When discovered it had gained
so much headway that hope of saving
the Kestener building and that adjoin
ing it was abandoned, and the firemen
turned their attention to saving the
rest of the block. They were unsuc
cessful, for the fire burned rapidly
southward, and by 6 o'clock this morn
ing the whole of the finest business
block in this city was in ruins.
The block was composed of brick
buildings, including the Bank of Te
hama County, Wells, Fargo & Co.,
Fickert's furniture store, Darrough's
drug store, Prince's clothing and dry
goods store and the Western Union
Telegraph ofilce.
The progress of the fire northward
was stopped by the high brick wails
of Hoffman's saloon, else the whole of
eastern Main street would have been
destroyed. The firemen did everytmng
in their power to keep the flames con
fined to the Corrigan building, occu
pied by Kestener and Prince, but the
supply of water was inadequate and
the flames soon found their way
through the top of Fickert's building
and Darrough's drug store, and, once
started here, the Bank of Tehama
County could not be saved. Together
with the Wells-Forgo and Western
Union Telegraph buildings is was soon
a mass of flames. Fortunately no wind
was blowing at the time of the tire.
The buildings were all of brick, but
finished in wood, and the flames
ed from building to building by means
Jumped from building to building
by means of, the connecting rafters,
igniting the stocks of the various
stores, all of which was highly inflam
mable and made a hot fire.
Mr. Kestener, in whose building the
fire started, was badly burned about
the face and body in trying to save
household property. Mrs. Kestener es
caped through the heroic efforts of the
firemen.
At 5 o'clock the fire seemed to be un
der control, but at 8 o'clock an alarm
was turned in again. The flames had
Jumped to the north, and were in the
urcer part of the building: occupied by
A. H. Hoffman as a saloon. However,
they were soon got under control.
The buildings will probably soon be
rebuilt by their owners. The following
Is a list of the \r -s, the amounts lost
and the probable insurance:-
Corrigan estate, loss $15,000, insurance
about $8000; E. Fish, building, loss $10,000,
insurance about $8000; store fixtures, loss
$SOOO, Insurance about $5000; A. H. Hoff
man, loss $1000, Insurance about the same;
D. A. Prince, loss $20,000. insurance small;
P. R. Kestener. Joss $2500, insurance un
known; G. C. Williams, loss $7500, insur
ance about $2200; C. H. Darrough, losa
$15,000, insurance about $Soi/v: Bank of Te
hama County, loss $2000; insurance the
same; Wells. Fargo & Co., loss $1000, in
surance the same; Dr. G. W. Westlake,
loss $1500, insurance about $600; Coffman
Bros., loss $1800, insurance about $700; A.
H. Hoffman, saloon, loss $1000, Insurance
small; A. L. Hunter, loss $500, fully cov
ered.
It will be seen from this that the loss
will be considerable over $100,000 and
covered by a small Insurance.
WAS THE WORK
OF A FIREBUG
Destruction of Property at
Sacramento Due to
Incendiarism.
Police Arrest an Ex-Convict Who
Recently Served Time In
Folsom Prison.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— Chief of
Police Dwyer this evening granted The
Call an interview with George H. Bitt
ner, arrested on suspicion of having
started the fires which at 2 o'clock this
morning threatened to destroy the val
uable block bounded by Fifth and
Sixth, X and L streets. At .the time
the dispatch published in this morn
ing's Call was being sent the flames
were having a mad race over a large
section of the block, and the entire Fire
Department was at work, suffering
great disadvantage through lack of
water. At 2:30 o'cloc!" the rear part of
the Sixth-street Methodist Church was
ablaze, and it seemed that the splen
did edifice would meet the fate of Schad
Bros.' wagon and hay barn and Fra
zer's branch lumber-yard. However,
the church war saved, although before
the fire was subdued about $30,000
worth of property on the block had
been destroyed.
Blttner, the suspected firebug, was
arrested during the fire by Chief Dwyer
and Detective Maley while he was in
Schad's barn taking great interest in
the conflagration. His account of him
self differs from that which the police
have traced, and they believe they have
the right man.
"Yes, it is true," said Bittner to The
Call correspondent, "that I have been
out of Folsom prison only a short time,
and that I have served two years for
arson, in having set fire to a restaurant
on J street, between Third and Fourth,
this city, where I was employed as
cook. They accused me of having
tried to set the fire thirteen different
times. But that was a lie. I only tried
to set the restaurant afire ten times."
"Why did I do it?" repeating the
question asked him.
"Oh, I don't know," said Blttner, ner
viously twitching his fingers alon? his
face and coloring up. "I did it; just
did it, that's all, and I don't deny it.
But I didn't set fire to the lumber-yard
or barn this morning. I can prove an
alibi."
But whatever else Blttner may be
able to prove he cannot establish an
alibi. Many witnesses will swear that
he was in the neighborhood of the fire
soon after the discovery of the flames,
and there are witnesses, too, who will
testify that they saw him at another
equally as mysterious fire occurring
earlier in the night about half a block
away from the location of the b'.g
blaze.
Firemen say that when they got into
Frazer'a lumber-yard, whence the blaze
communicated to Schad's stable, they
Fmelled coal oil as it ascended in fiery
vapor from the stacks of lumber. There
can be no question that the fire was of
incendiary origin.
Bittner says he has been cooking for
a crew of Western Union linemen for
some months. He is boyish in appear
ance and aged 24 yrfars.
Schad Bros.' loss will be: Barn, $1000;
hay, $1200; rigs, not belonging to s;able,
but kept there, uninsured, for v/hlch
owners are responsible, $3000; insur
ance, $750 on building, $750 on hay. The
main loss was that sustained by W. F.
Frazer, the branch yard containing
picked lumber. It amounts to $15,000;
insurance $8000. A brick tenement
house and other losses of smaller pro
portions make up the balance of the
estimated total. Smaller buildings,
three in number, were insured.
Big Fire at Washington Courthouse.
COLUMBUS, Sept. 11.— A dispatch to
the State Journal from Washington
Courthouse says that the Masonic Temple
there was destroyed by fire this morn
ing. The Springfield (Ohio) Fire Depart
ment rendered timely assistance. The loss
on the building is about $40,000. Frank L.
Stutson, who had a largo department
store in the building, lost his entire
stock, valued at $60,000. The losses are
considerable.
Block Burned at Princeton, Ky.
PRINCETON, Ky., Sept. 11.— The block
of buildings on Main street, here known
as Bank Hotel, was destroyed by fire
to-day. Total loss about $50,000.
SANGUINARY CLIMAX
TO A KENTUCKY FEUD
Two Men Killed and Two Fatally-
Wounded — Father and Son on
Each Side.
ERLANGER, Ky., Sept. 11.— This after
noon at Dry Ridge, an old feud was ended
by the killing of two men and the fatal
wounding of two others. It was fathor
and son on each side, re-enforced by their
respective farm hands. At least one hun
dred revolver shots wore fired.
The dead are: Joseph Michaels and
James M'Cray.
The dying are: James W. Watson and
Ben Michaels.
The two latter named were the princi
pals. They had quarreled about fence
awards at county fairs, and had been
at sworda points for a long time. The
dead man, Joseph Michaels, Is a son
of the dying man, Ben Michaels. The
other dead man, James McCray, was a
farm hand. James W. Watson's son es
caped unscathed.
WILD RUMOR FLOATS
AROUND THE HAGUE
Groundless Report Thet an Attempt
Had Been Hade on the Young
Queen's Life.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 11.— A persistent
rumor has been in circulation here and at
Amsterdam to-day that an attempt has
been made upon the life of Queen Wll
helmina, but ft Is utterly without founda
tion.
The tragedy at Geneva has shocked all
classes and there is a feeling of intense
relief that the fetes are practically ended
without any annoyance from the social
ists here. It Would be impossible to imag
ine the effect that would have been pro
duced had the assassination occurred a
week ago. The news was withheld from
Queen Wilhelmina until to-day.
M. de Beaufort, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, announced that the original pro
gramme of the fetes will be carried out
unchanged.
iiliss Winnie Davis' Condition.
NARRAGANSETT PIER. R. 1.. Sept.
11.— The condition of Miss Winnie Davis,
daughter of Mrs. Jefferson Davis, con
tinues comfortable, and during the day
there was no material change. Her phy
sicians consider that the day was an en
courajEdnK one for the salient.
BUILDINGS RAZED
BY AN EXPLOSION
Occupants Crushed in
r the Ruins.
DISASTER • IN PHILADELPHIA
FOUR CORPSES FOUND -IN THE
: DES_*IS.
/
Forty Tons of Gasoline in the Cellar
of : a ■Grocery Store Blows Up, .
--Wracking the Building
and Two Others.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 11.— By the
explosion of forty gallons of gasoline
in the cellar of a grocery store at 1444
South street to-night, four, and pos
sibly a dozen lives were lost. As an
immediate consequence of the explo
sion, the buildinsr wherein it occurred
and those adjoining it on either side
collapsed, and up to 10 o'clock, four
hours after the occurrence, four bodies
have been recovered from the ruins.
Three of these identified are as fol
lows :
Samuel Schattenstein, keeper of the
grocery store.
His ten-year-old son Abraham.
A ten-months-old child named Gold
berg.
The fourth body was that of a girl
about ten years old.
How the explosion occurred Is yet un
known. The front of No. 1444 was
blown out, and this was followed by
the collapse of that structure and No.
1442, occupied by Morris Goldberg's
furniture store, and No. 1446, Louis
Sallinose's shoe store. The west wall
of 1440, occupied by L. Wagner's cloth
ing store, was blown out. Because of
confusion and excitement following the
disaster, it is as yet impossible to se
cure anything 111- - an accurate census
of the occupants, but it is generally
stated that the upper stories were
crowded with families, huddled to
gether in tenement fashion. Coming
as it did at the supper hour it is feared
that the loss of life was heavy. The
list of injured will be long. They were
taken to all the hospitals within a
radius of a mile.
After the recovery of the four bodies,
the authorities decided to postpone the
search for additional victims unui to
morrow morning, thus obviating the
dangers and delays of working upon
the mass of debris and wreckage in the
darkness.
The corpses of Shattenstein and his
son were picked up on the steps of No.
"1444. The unidentified ten-year-old girl
was found pinioned by a mass of tim
bers in the rear of the same building,
and the Goldberg child died while being
taken to the hospital.
The injured at the Howard Hospital
are: L. Shattenstein, aged 12, broken
nose and laceration of scalp; Alexan
der Shattenstein, aged 6, lacerated
scalp, condition serious; Mary Healy,
age 65, fractured leg; Annie McPhil
omy, aged 40, contusion of ankle;
Harry Rothmel, 12 years, lacerated
scalp; Maggie Goldberg, 12 years, lac
erated scalp; Sarah Goldberg, 14 years,
lacerated scalp and contusion of ankle.
At the Jefferson Hospital are A. F.
Fish, 39 years, foreman of Truck Com
pany D, lacerated wound of scalp, and
Yetta Goldberg, 9 years, contusion of
leg and back, and lacerated wound of
scalp.
At the Polyclinic is Rose Schatten
stein, 8 years, lacerated finger.
The ten-months-old child was Max
Goldberg, son of the furniture-store
keeper. Estimates of the number cf
missing vary from eighteen to six.
The accepted theory of the accident
Is that Shattenstein went into the cel
lar with a lighted lamp, which ignited
the fumes of the gasoline. From the
position of his body and that of his son
on the front steps it is thought they
were emerging from the house when
caught by falling walls. The collapse
of the buildings occurred within two
minutes of the explosion, and the oc
cupants had little time or chance to
escape. Mrs. Goldberg snatched up her
ten-months-old child in her arms and
rushed for an exit, but the child was
so badly injured that it died while being
borne to a hospital. Strangel- enough
the mother escaped with only trifling
injuries.
At 6:46 o'clock to-night a sergeant
of police was talking with one of his
men on the opposite side of the street
when, without a moment's warning,
there was a terrific explosion, which,
almost before they could turn their
heads, was followed by a thunderous
crash. Mingled with this was the cries
of human beings. Without loss of time
one of the policemen struck the fire
alarm at a box near by, while the
other rang for ambulances.
The engines and six of the hospital
wagons were there within twenty min
utes and a large force of policemen,
also summoned to the scene, had the
streets roped off from corner to corner.
The work of rescue was begun forth
with, but was temporarily abandoned
later when the twilight had deepened
into night. All the dead and injured
were in buildings at the time of the
disaster, and as the walls collapsed al
most in a perpendicular direction, no
passers-by were Injured by flying de
bris.
The force of the explosion was co
great, however, that all the windows in
the houses across the street were
broken by the concussion. The search
for more dead will be resumed at day
break. None of the Injured are ex
pected to die.
PORT ROYAL DRYDOCK
DAMAGED BY A GALE
Cannot Be Used by the Navy De
partment Until Repairs Have
Been Made.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: As the result
of the hurricane which struck Port Royal,
S. C, on August 30, the drydock at that
point haa been very badly damaged and
considerable injury has been done some
of the buildings of the Naval station. A
mail report of the injury sustained by the
station has been received by the Navy
Department from Commander C. H.
Rockwell, its commander, who was un
able to telegraph the facts because all the
wires were blown down. Ten and a half
inches of water fell during the twenty
hours of the storm and the wind was a
hurricane. Commander Rockwell ex
pressed the opinion that it would be in
judicious to try to use the dock for dock
ing a ship until the full extent of the
damage was known. Some of the altars
are pried out of position.
CERVERA SOON WILL BE
EN ROUTE TO SPAIN
Steamship City of Rome Arrives at
Camp Long to Take Aboard
the Prisoners.
PORTSMObTH, Sept. 11.— The Anchor
Llna steamer City of Rome, fully equip
ped to transport the Spanish prisoners to
Spain, arrived In the lower harbor this
Afternoon. Tbd big liner brought from
New York Admiral Cervera, with his full
staff of officers and ninety-four other
prisoners.
The men at Seavys Island, when they
caught sight of the City of Borne, danced
for joy and to-night there is great excite
ment at the camp.
Everything is in readiness on board the
steamer. Each of the 1688 men will have
a bunk for himself throughout the voy
age of about eight days.
It js expected that the last prisoner will
leave Camp Long at 10 o'clock and that
the City of Rome will pass . out of the
harbor not later than to-moorow noon.
The steamer will be headed straight for
Santander, Spain.
There is scarcely a sick man among the
entire crew of the late Cape Verde fleet,
while every one looks fat and healthy
and is in strong contrast to their ap
pearance of two months ago.
WHAT THE LATE WAR
HAS COST THE ENEMY
Nearly Four Hundred Millions Ex
pended on the Army, but Only
a Trifle on the Navy.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Aside from the loss of her colo
nies and ships destroyed in battle, the
late war has cost Spain In the neighbor
hood of $374,500,000. Information to this
effect has been received at the Navy De
partment from naval attaches of this
Government abroad. According to in
formation in possession of the depart
ment, all the money obtained has been
expended on expeditions sent to the colo
nies, whose total amounted to 180,431 sol
diers, 6,222 officers and about 700 generals.
Of the millions expended but $5,600,000
was spent by the Spanish government to
increase its naval force.
El Nundo of Spain, commenting upon
this small appropriation for the navy
when such a large sum was expended for
the army, points out that this sum was
only sufficient to have bought and main
tained a battleship of 10,000 tons. "With
the entire appropriation," it continues,
"sixty battleships could have been se
cured."
According to reports received here, it is
appreciated by the Madrid government
that, in view of the condition of her
treasury and the further fact that her
naval force is now greatly inferior, it
would be useless to attempt to continue
the struggle, especially as there is no
nation of Europe willing to support her
in case she should again resort to the ar
bitrament of arms. In view of this fact,
the authorities here have no reason to
believe there will be any serious hitch
in the result of the negotiations of the
peace commission, and while they expect
the Spaniards will do evxerything pos
sible to delay the completion of the
treaty, believing that they" may bring up
complications advantageous to their gov
ernment, the American representatives
will be in a position at any time to bring
them to terms by a single threat to with
draw.
LEAVING CAMP MEAD
FOR HOME STATIONS
Ohio and Pennsylvania Begiments to
Be Mustered Out — Signal Corps
for Porto Bico.
CAMP MEAD, Middletown, Pa., Sept.
11.— Two regiments left camp to-day for
their home stations to be mustered out.
They are the Eighteenth Pensylvania and
the One Hundred and Fifty-niiUh In
diana. The Third New York and Sixth
Signal Corps companies will go home to
morrow.
The signal company goes to Montauk
Point to nrepare for service in Porto
Rico. The Sixteenth Pennsylvania bat
talion is scheduled to leave Tuesday even
ing for New York and will leave the fol
lowing day on the transport Berlin for
Porto Rico. The battalion will be fully
armed and equipped before starting, and
probably will be away two years.
There will be a heavy movement of
troops this week to the camp. The first
to arrive will be the Twenty-second and
Twenty-third New York 'from Camp
Black, and after them will come the
Fourth 'New Jersey and Fifth Massachu
setts.
Colonel .H. T. Casteel of the Second
West Virginia has been assigned to tem
porary command of the First Brigade,
and ha& gone home on a furlough. When
General S. B. M. Young reports to (jen
eral Graham he will be placed in com
mand of the first division. The division
is now commanded by General J. P S
Gobin. who will return to his brigade
composed of the Eighth, Twelfth and
Thirteenth Regiments.
RIOS HAS ARRIVED AT
AN UNDERSTANDING
What the Spanish Governor General
of the Philippines Wires to
Madrid.
MADRID, Sept. 11.— General Rlos, Gov
ernor of the Viscayas Islands and ad in
terim Governor General of the Spanish
territory in the Philippines, has wired
the Government that he has arrived at
"an understanding with the American
authorities respecting the island of Lu
zon."
WIKOFF,S DEATH ROLL.
Five Privates Added to the Long List
on Saturday.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11. - General
Bates, commanding at Camp Wikoff,
makes the following report to the Wai-
Department for September 10:
Deaths since last report: Michael Eck
private. Company E, Eighth Ohio;
Thomas Is ash, private, Company E
Ninth Massachusetts; John S. Teegan'
private. Company G, Ninth Massachu
l^ U xii A, ho Imas1 mas Velsh - Private, Company
X, Ninth Massachusetts: John F Kee
gan, private. Company G, Ninth Massa
chusetts.
ORDERS FROM MADRID.
Spain's Porto Rican Commission Re
ceives Its Instruction:.,.
SAN JUAN, Sept. lh-The Ali.^nso XIII
arrived this morning from Barcelona
bringing instructions for the Spanish
Commissioners, with mail and passengers
Many of the passengers are residents of
the island, who fled at the outbreak of
the war, and the quays were lined with
friends awaiting to welcome their return
The Alfonso XIII steamed mOT the ha?l
bor amid the booming of the forts and
shore batteries. This afternoon she pro?
ceeded to Havana.
Swiss President as Arbitrator.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Sept 1L-
The President of Switzerland has been
accepted as arbitrator on the Ampa Ques
tion between France and Brazil.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^^^
ooooooooooooooooboooooooooooooooooooa
o Til) ©
s^ -imt Hi: :JA GREAT 1
I Pft v^^ INVENTION ! 'I
o FVi » 'V jTjfmSf ore Hhenmatism,
© I yjL^^» No More Lame Back, g
o- B^^B^ffiSi^ v r Nervous Debility, Etc. o
O mHT^^X-^oj 4'^^BBbß -J The cause of all disease and „
rt Tggr XOflß^ ' vJM^raupV _ weakness ■is overcome by. this *"
.U ;■ -■.•-'■--■"■ "... ..iwiinnr^ great life- renewer. Dr Sanden'9 Q
O ' , ; Electric Belt. . :■ ;" ';C
O:. It : pours electricity into the body for hours at a time, building up vitality and Q
■q\ restoring all the organs to their natural healthy . condition. _
O IX MAKES MEN SXRONG.
ft 1 • Over 10,000 men praise it. Letters of gratitude are received from all over the land. «
■**::. "Weak men - try . it— weak women, it will cure you. . Send for free • book telling all **
O , about it. ;: Consultation free. " C
© DR. A. X. SANDEN,. . : *'.: ■". -','.'.'-.- ".'.■> ..■-.■ - : ' "»-«"'
O 102 M.rk.t Bir..t, C.rner a y,6«i:rrMoiii»: NOT IN DRUG STORES. C
P; Office ; hoars' 8 a.m. to Bp. m. Sundays, , '■■ .^ '- „ :.~: .~i '—'£,_' : .- _, 0
ft -to i:~ Branches at Lob Angeles, Cal., 232 West i / Dr. - Sanden • ■■■ Electric - Belt _
V-j Second -street- Portland, Or., 253 ■ Washington* i - r "■'!■ never sold ■In ; drug stores «
O street; Denver ~- Colo., 941 Sixteenth street; - '• nor by traveling agents; only ' f>
O Dallas. Tex.. 285 -Main «treet; ;Butte,- Mont., - at our offlee. ■.''.,•:-.- ;,**
110 North Mala street. 5 , . ■ ; *— — '. ,'" ...\ : ' : - '■ :^^Q
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooq
DIRE DISTRESS
AT GUANTANAMO
The Pitiful Plight of the
Spanish Troops.
OVER EIGHTY DEATHS DAILY
STARVATION ADDS TO FEVER
HOREORS.
Relief Being Sent by This Govern
ment — Sabbath Properly Ob
served for the First Time
at Santiago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sent. 11.—
Sunday was observed for the first time
since the war terminated as a day of
rest and worship. All the military and
civil offices were closed, as were also
the shops, and the city's appearance
was unusually quiet. Religious serv
ices were held at the palace, and Gene
ral Lawton, General Wood and other
American officers attended.
This afternoon the correspondent of
the Associated Press visited the wrecks
of the Spanish cruisers. The work of
floating the Infanta Maria Teresa is
nearly completed, but the Almirante
Oquendo is not worth the cost of sav
ing.
Colonel Ray, who returned from
Guantanamo yesterday, reports the
embarkation of all the Spaniards save
about eighty under General Pareja.
The American authorities are awaiting
the arrival of the San Juan with about
2000 Spanish troops from Sapua de
Tanamo and Baracoa. The steamer is
expected Wednesday. The Spaniards
will be re-embarked here on the San
Augustin and the San Francisco for
Spain.
To-morrow the Bessie and two oth^r
vessels will leave for Baracoa and Sa
gua de Tanamo, carrying supplies for
the Americans, Cubans and Spanieids
there. The condition of the S^anisn at
Guantanamo prior to their departure
for Spain was, Colonel Ray say 3, most
distressing. The death rate was over
eighty per day and Colonel Ray be
lieves that more than half will die on
the oassage.
Seventy died on the wharf the day
the San Ignacio was loaded, and there
is yellow fever among those who re
main behind. Colonel Ray had two
mules killed for fresh meat supplies
to the Spaniards. No fresh beef was
to be had and the Spaniards were glad
to get the mule meat. Indeed, there
has been no meat of any kind in Guan
tanamo for three weeks. The first bat
talion of Colonel Ray's Company con
tracted yellow fever from a Spaniard.
Sixty cases have broken out-
Four hundred Cubans have laid down
their arms at Guantanamo and gone
to work on the plantations near the
town. No rations are supplied to
armed Cubans.
Santiago is now filled with Cuban
soldiers from General Castillo's com
mand. One result is a large numker of
gala parties at the various clubs.
SCOTTS TO BUILD THREE
OF THE DESTROYERS
Assistant Secretary Allen Will Maka
Awards To-Day — Successful
Firms.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: The Navy Department has re
ceived the report of the Board of Con
struction as to the disposition of con
tracts for the construction of torpedo
boats and torpedo-boat destroyers, and
Secretary Allen will make awards to
morrow. The board has recommended
that these firms be awarded contracts for
torpedo-boat destroyers:
Maryland Steel Company of Baltimore,
four destroyers at $283,000 each, to be con
structed on designs which it submitted;
William R. Trigg, Richmond, Va., two at
$260,000 each, to be built on Government
design* Fall River Engine Company of
Massachusetts, two, to oe built on Gov
ernment designs; Union Iron Works of
San Francisco, three at $281,500 each, to
be built on builders' designs; Neafie &
Levy of Philadelphia, three at $283,000
each, to be built on Government designs.
These torpedo-boat contracts will bg
awarded:
William R. Trigg of Richmond, three,
to be built on Government plans at $120,
750 each: Bath Iron Works, Maine, threo
at $161,000 each, to be built on. bunders*
plans; George Lawler, Boston, two at
$159,000 each, to be built on Government
designs; Lewis Nixon, Elizabethport, N.
J., two, to be built on plans which ha
submitted, at $165,000 each.
IMPOSING CEREMONY.
First Communion at Father Lally'a
Church in Haywards.
HATWARDS, Sept. 11.— An imposing re
ligious ceremony took place at Haywards
to-day, at which many hundreds attended
from all over the township. It was the
"First Communion" of youthful members
of the church, and as it was the first oc
cosion of the kind since Rev. Father
tally took charge of the par sh,the^cere
mony was accompanied with a proces
sion similar to that common in Conti
nental countries. Ninety-four boys and
cirls the latter all clad and veiled in
white marched through the town and to
The church where Father Lally was tha
celebrant at their first communion.
After the ceremonoy there was a ban
auet given by the Ladies' Altar Society.
Thn\p in chprge of the affair were Mrs.
J Martin Mrsf M. J. Kerwln, Misa Mary
MeKe" er Mrs. M. Finch, Mrs. E. F.
Champeney. Miss A. Hass. Mrs. J. Q'NeiJ
and Mrs. White. IFATALITY MARS
THE CLAMBAKE
Miss Emily Blanehard
Meets Death.
SAD ACCIDENT AT SAN JOSE
YOUNG LADY GROUND UNDER
A DERAILED CAR.
Shocking Occurrence Causes a Panic
Among the Meny-Makers, Who
Were Unable to Render
Assistance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAX JOSE, Sept. 11.— Clams were the
principal diet of about 5000 Native
Sons and Daughters and their friends
to-day — clams and corn — with a few
accessories — and it is doubtful if one
of those in attendance ever enjoyed a
feast more than they did that served
under the trees :it Alum Rock.
The affair wajs marred by an acci
dent in the afternoon by which a young
lady was fatally injured. Miss Emily
Blanchar/i, a beautiful girl of 19 years,
whose parents reside in this city, was
the victim. The steam cars running
between the terminus of the electric
cars and Alum Rock were crowded
with humanity on every trip. All the
rolling stock owned by the company
was called into use, each train being
made up of four or five cars drawn by
a steam dummy. Miss Blanchard, with
some friends, was on board the train,
arriving at the scene of the festivities
at 3 p. m. She was standing on the
platform, being unable to get a seat.
Wh.-n Hearing the depot and running
at high speed, the car on which Miss
Blanehard was riding was derailed by
a defective switch, dragging the fol
lowing car with it and both being
thrown almost at right angles with the
rails.
The unfortunate girl either jumped
or was thrown from the car— those who
were with her and others who saw the
accident differ on that point— as It left
the track. At tho same time her dress
caught in the car and she was thrown
under the wheels. She was rolled and
dragged for several feet and was terri
bly crushed in th» lower part of the
body, while her right arm was nearly
severed above the elbow.
Many hundreds witnessed the acci
dent, and there was a panic among the
women. The track was lined with peo
ple on both sides waiting to take the
train back to San Jose, and when the
derailed cars swung around they nar
rowly missed a number of persons.
Miss Blanchard was so tightly wedged
under the truck that it was necessary
to lift the car up bodily in order to
rescue her. She was given such aid as
it was possible to render under the cir
cumstances while a carriage was being
prepared to convey her to thecity, but a
glanro was sufficient to show that she i
was beyond all human assistance. She
was unconscious, and there were but
faint signs of respiration. As rapidly
as possible she was driven to the Mc-
Mahon Hospital. She never rallied from
the shock and at 10:30 to-night ehe
died,
The aTldp-nt pet an end to further
merrymaking, but the derailed cars
blocked tin- road so that it was several
hours before trains could resume th<Mr
trips, and it was long after dark before
the last of the throng could get away
from tho park.
Another, and happily, less serious ac
cident occurred earlier In the day. J.
P. Bubb of San Jose, was driving out
to the clam-bake when his team be
came unmanageable, throwing him
from the carriage and dislocating his
shoulder.
The clam-bake Itself was a grand
success and fittingly closed the three
days' celebration. The guests began to
arrive at the park before 9 a. m., but
it was two hours later when the first
attack was made on the provender.
Tables were spread for SOO people and
the first relay was composed exclu
sively of ladies, the men being obliged
to take a back seat for a time. After
that all were on equal terms.
All the trains for San Francisco to
day were packed and to-morrow
morning the last of San Jose's guests
will take their departure. The lelebra
tlon has be»n a great suroess through
out, the citizens and the Native Sons
nnd Daughters being equally well
pleased with the affair.
MURDEROUS DEED ON A
ROAD AT MIDNIGHT
Young Couple Waylaid and Shot in
the Eack While on Their Way
Home From a Drive.
BT'CKNER, Mo.. S«-pt. 11.— Charles
Hamilton, a prominent yonng man of
P.m-knor, rode up behind Mary Charleton
and John Martin, young society people
of that town, as they were returning
home on a country road at midnight last
night, and without apparent reason shot
and wounded both. The first bullet struck
Miss Charleton In the back, causing her
to f.ill to the bottom of the buggy. A
second bullet hit Martin in the shoulder
and en used him to drop the reins. The
took fright and galloped off, Ham
ilton pending a few stray bullets after
it. The wounds received by Miss Charle
ton and Martin were dressed at Buok
ner, where they arrived and reported the
iiffalr rariy this morning. The condition
(if neither Is considered serious.
During the day Hamilton was arrested
but was released by his uncle, who is con-
Btable. When the affair became known
much feeling was aroused and q. posse
h=!"iit the day in an unsuccessful search
for the would-be murderer. No motive
f"r the assault Is known. All concerned
are about IN years old and prominent.
->iips Charleton is the daughter of a
wealthy farmer and Martin is the son of
Postmaster IJoyd Martin of Buckner.
Six More Deaths at Camp Wikoff.
CAMP WIKOFF, Sept. 11.— The steamer |
FIRST MEETING OF THE
COMMISSIONS AT HAVANA
Special cable to The Call ana the X*w York Herald. Copyright, 189S,
by James Uordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Sept. 11.— I learned to-day that most of the
Military Commission's business will be transacted by cor
respondence Instead of joint sessions as generally expected.
Senor Manual Giranta has been appointed secretary for the
Spanish Commission.
The first session was held this morning:, in compliance
with the protocol's thirty-day limit. t The Americans arrived
at Caraara Insular about half-past 8 o'clock and were re
ef ived with characteristic ceremony by the Spanish Com
missioners. The session was held in the Colonial Secretary's
committee-room, and none was allowed to be present except
Commissioners, their secretaries and others immediately
concerned.
There was no excitement, and the crowd in the vicinity
of the Parliament House was very small and entirely or
derly and respectful. There is a guard around the building,
and also both night and day duty at La Machina wharf,
MISS EMILY BLANCHARD KILLED BY A TRAIN AT ALUM ROCK,
Shinneeock will leave for New York to-
I night with between 200 and 3(10 sick for
New York and Hrooklyn hospitals. The
(lt.iths reported to-day were: M. E.
Clark, Eighth Ohio: Howard Robinson,
Company B, Third Infantry; Walter El
ger. Company B. Third Infantry; Sam
uel Wyley. Ninth Massachusetts; David
Hashamnier, Eighth Ohio; Uert Smith,
, Company B, Eighth Infantry.
KENTUCKY COLONELS
OUTPLAY THE REDS
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. : Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 79 42 .653 Philadelphia 59 58 .5^4
I'lnoinnatl ..79 47 .627 PittsburK ...62 62 .600
Baltimore ..>73 •»."> .619 Louisville ...54 72 .429
Cleveland ...70 01 .57?! Brooklyn ....46 70 .397
Chicago 69 58 AS2 Washington 40 82 .32$
New York ...Go 56 .541 .^t. Ixiuia 34 60 .274
CINCINNATI. Sept. 11.— The Colonels
again outplayed the Reds to-day, and
won handily. Magee lasted but two inn
ings. Dowling, who succ«=*o<!eJ him, was
In fine form. Attendance 4500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 11 3
Lculsvllle 9 16 3
BattprlPfs— Damman, Dwyer and Wood?; SJa
£*»?. Dowling and Kittredge. Umpires—Swart
wood and Warner.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The Giants beat
the Senators easily to-day at Weehawken,
N. J. Seymour was in tine form and was
too much for the Senators at all stages of
the game, only four hits being made off
his delivery. Tho Giants' hits were nu
merous, but errors cut quite a figure in
their run column.
Warhington's two run§ were made in
1 the ninth on a base on balls. Anderson's
triple to center and Gilbert's out. Sey
mour broke the strike out record of
eleven, held by Doheny, by compelling
twelve men to fan the air. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 8 9 1
Washington 2 4 7
Hatterles— H<\vmour and Warner; Klllen and
McGulre. T'mplres— Hunt and Connolly.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— The Orphans won
two games from the Browns to-day by
superior work, both in the field and with
the stick. Dowd's catches of three hard
hits almost Into the bleachers and some
wonderful stops and throws by Cross
wr-re the features of the first game. The
locals did some great bast running. I^ange
hit a terrific one over Stenzel's head to
the club house in the second. Attendance
93<X). Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 9 1
St. Jjouls 16 4
Batteries— Callahan and I>jnaliue; Hughey
and Clements. Umpire — O'Day.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 11 1
Pt. l/ouls 3 9 4
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Sudhoft and
Sugden. Umpire— O'Day.
SLAYS A RANCHER
IN SELF-DEFENSE
Exonerated by Witnesses, but Is
Giving a Sheriff's Posse a
Lively Chase.
PHOENIX, Sept. 11.-W. B. Casey, a
rancher, was killed this morning at Mar
low's ranch, six miles west of town by-
John Mander. Witnesses say the killing
was In self-denfense, but Mander ran
away. The Sheriff returned late this
evening and said that when he left the
posse Mander was about ten miles ahead,
going toward Hassayampa. The rest of
the posse is In pursuit and probably will
capture him to-morrow morning at Box
Canyon, whither he must go for water.
Casey was well known all over the
country. He was quarrelsome when
drinking. He had a fight a week ago In
which the leg of the other man was
broken, for which a charge of murderous
assault was pending against him..
Old Sol in Fine Fettle.
SALJNAB, Sept. 11.— Extreme heat pre
vailed here to-day, the thermometer reg
istering 110 degrees this afternoon. Feed
Is rapidly drying and water In the wells
becoming extremely low. If the hot spell
continues many cattle will perish for
want of nourishment.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 11.-Heat to-day
Intense— the hottest day of the season.
The thermometer registered 94. Many
small forest fires are partly the cause of
the heat.
Three Carloads of Stolen Cattle.
FORT WORTH. Tex.. Sept. 11.—Secre
tary Loving of the Texas Cattle-raisers'
Association received word to-day from
Moberly, Mo., that Inspector Wilson of
the association had recovered three car
loarls of cattle whlcn had been stolon
from the Dennis ranch near Chickasha,
Ind. T. The cattle were recognized by
the brand they bore.
where the Commissioners land from the Resolute.
The session to-day was purely formal to meet the legal
requirements. The only business transacted was the ex
change of credentials. This occupied little more than half
ar hour. On adjournment the Spaniards played the host
with courtly hospitality, for which they are famous, and
conducted the Americans around the gallery, looking down
upon an unroofed court, the billiard-room, the Casino
Espanol, now a Red Cross hospital, one of the many
prepared In case of bombardment. In a room opposite the
meeting place refreshments were prepared, of which the
Commissioners of both nations partook.
The American Commission drove back to the wharf and
boarded the Resolute. Later Generals Wade and Butler
went ashore to make official calls. Admiral Sampson also
went ashore to call on Admiral Manterola. Mr. Hart, who
speaks Spanish excellently, accompanied him as interpreter.
They stayed only fifteen minutes and then returned to the
Resolute
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
REBELS CONTROL
LUZON ISLAND
Its Conquest Is Nearly
Complete.
ALL BUT MANILA AND CAVITE
SPANIARDS DRIVEN OUT OF
EVERY POSITION.
General Otis Notifies Aguinaldo to
Withdraw From the Suburbs of
Manila or Take the Con
sequences.
Bpfcial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— The Manila cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing
September 9, says:
The insurgent conquest of the island
of Luzon is rapidly approaching com
pletion. Recent authentic reports an
:irunce the capture of successive Span
ish positions and at present the rebels
control every foot of the island except
Manila, Cavite and a small portion of
the province of Albay.
They hold over 9000 Spanish prison
ers and have recently captured several
thousand rifles, some cannon, a large
quantity of ammunition and several
armed stands. The Spaniards held out
valorously, but were fighting against
the Inevitable.
It is undeniable that the action of the
insurgents In pursuing the campaign
after an armistice was declared has
caused much useless suffering and de
struction of property and has annihil
ated their every claim to be considered
In any respect as the allies of the
Americans. Their motive has been
twofold — first, an implacable hatred of
the Spanish, with an Innate racial
thirst for revenge, and secondly, their
wish to place themselves on record be
fore the world as a successful revolu
tionary government and as complete
masters of the Luzon provinces and as
many adjacent Islands as they may
have to occupy before the Philippine
question has been settled by the Paris
commission.
They are now free to with draw thete
troops to make an expedition against
Panay and to capture Hollo. B*- con
tinuing the campaign now, regardless
of the armistice, they put themselves
in the wrong with everybody. Just as
by crowding Into the suburbs of Ma
nila, and refusing to vacate the same
unless compelled by superior force, they
have put themselves in the wrong with
the Americans.
Their action is doubtless due partly
to the disorganization of their force,
which, by their own confession, con
sists of an aggregation of Independent
units, with chiefs, each ambitious of
power and distinction and all strug
gling for positions which will secure
for everybody booty or otherwise pri
vate fortune. This disorganization,
which naturally affects the Irresponsi
ble individuals, has been constantly
fomenting the irritation resulting from
the dual occupation of the suburbs of
Manila. The situation has been Im
possible from the beginning, and con
flicts have been avoided only by the
great tact and extraordinary patience
of the American troops, who loyally ob
serve their duty of preserving the peace
of the town.
The policy of permitting the Insur
gents to occupy the Spanish positions
has been fruitful In many difficulties,
not the least of which Is the stimulus
given to the conceit of the natives, who
consider themselves the conquerors of
Manila, although they captured not a
single position when the town was
taken.
General Otis has attacked the com
plicated question left by General Mer
ritt, his predecessor, with remarkable
energy and decision, and is rapidly es
tablishing order in every department
where comparative chaos ruled before.
He has been fully occupied with mat
ters more intimately concerning the
military government of Manila, and
only recently has he been able to study
exhaustively the insurgent question and
to satisfy himself regarding the equity
of the insurgent claims so as to solve
a problem practically unapproached
heretofore.
Aguinaldo has persistently demand
ed, in terms not too polite, various im
possible concessions, for example, an
occupation of the Governor General's
palace and other palaces; a written as
surance that the insurgents will be
permitted to occupy permanently their
military positions around Manila, and
protection for the Insurgent vessels by
the American fleet, with many other
claims, including an innocent demand
for a share of the booty captured by
The Americans at Manila.
After a careful review of the situa
tion, General Otis arrived at the logi
cal conclusion that the insurgents have
no right to occupy the suburbs of Ma
nila, and that Aguinaldo's claims have
the support of neither equity nor rea
son. He has. therefore, categorically
refused to consider Aguinaldo's de
mands and to-day sent him an ulti
matum In terms plainly comprehensi
ble and authoritative, that he must
withdraw his troops from the suburbs
bpfore to-morrow afternoon or suffer
the consequences of refusal.
The answer will probably be that
A«ruinaldo himself is only too willing to
obey the order, but cannot explain to
his troops the reasons why they cannot
remain at Manila. This temporizing
excuse, although now stale from too
frequent use, conceals much truth. It
is an undoubted fact that Aguinaldo
has but a feeble hold on the organiza
tion. His ower is fast waning, and
the insurgents are threatened with dis
integration into opposing factions un
less some leaders are soon discovered
who are able to harmonize these con
flicting personal interests.
It is reported the Presidency of the
revolutionary Government will be of
fered to Cajetano Arellano at a Con
gress at Malolos on September 15. Arel
lano is a lawyer of excellent repute —
the one man among the Filipinos who
is universally resnected.
CHILE AND ARGENTINA
ARE STILL WRANGLING
Unable to Beach an Amicable Settle
ment of the Boundary Dis
pute.
Special cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Arjrontina. Sept. 11.
— Differences between the Chilean and
Argentina boundary commissions con
tinue., as their governments have not ar
rived at an understanding as to whether
existing treaties shall be inserted in the
reports of the commissions. The Chilean
government approves the opinion of its
expert, Senor Barros Arana, while Argen
tina insists on the strict enforcement of
the treaties and will not accept arbitra
tion except under conditions fixed by
them.
GRAY-HAIRED VICTIM
OF A MOB'S VENGEANCE
Assailant of a Young Girl Taken
From a Missouri Jail and
Hanged.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Sept. 11.— A special
to the Times from Liberty, Mo., says:
At 10:30 to-night Benjamin Jones, a gray
haired man, 68 years of ago, was taken
from the Clay County jail and swung to
an iron beam at the focnt entrance of the
Ceurthouse. The mob, which consisted of
about seventy-five men, quietly rode in on
horseback, finished its work in thirty
minutes and left. Jones had committed
a criminal assault on Annie Montgomery,
an eleven-year-old girl yesterday even
ing, and had confessed his guilt just be
fore he was hanged.
COLONEL FRANK RHODES
RESTORED TO HIS RANK
Wounded at the Battle of Omdur-
ruan. Queen Victoria Revokes
His Dismissal.
CAIRO, Sept. 11.— Queen Victoria has re-
Ptored to his rank In the Eritlsh army.
Colonel Frank Rhodes, brother of Cecil
Rhodes, who was dismissed from the
service for his participation in the armed
raid Into the Transvaal, led by Dr. Jame
son In December, 1895. Colonel Rhodes
was wounded at the battle of Omdurman.
while acting as war correspondent of the
I-ondon Times.
AMERICAN WHEELMEN
VICTORIOUS AT VIENNA
VIENNA, Sept. 11.— In the world's cy
cling championship races here to-day.
George A. Banker, the American cyclist,
won the professional mile, unpaced, by
six inches In three minutes one second.
Verneyan of Germany was second and
Jacquelln of France third.
Owing to the bad management of the
meeting Banker declined to run off the
match between the amateur and profes
sional mile champions. Therefore Albert
of Germany, the amateur champion, rode
over the course.
Bough Riders Mustered Out.
CHICKAMAUGA, Ga., Sept. 11. _
Troops X and H, of Grigsby's Rough
Riders, were paid off and discharged to
day, being the last troops of the regiment
left in the park. Colonel Grigsby and
most of the officers of the regiment left
this afternoon for their homes.
AUNON REPLIES
TO STRICTURES
Reviews Spanish Naval
Disasters.
DISCLAIMS RESPONSIBILITY
BLAMES THE ADMIRALS AND
GENERAL BLANCO.
Says Cervera Wanted to Blow Tip
His Ships in Santiago Harbor,
but Was Ordered to En
gage the Enemy.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Sept. 11.— In the Chamber
of Deputies yesterday Captain Aunon,
Minister of Marine, replying to the at
tacks of Senor Canalejas/ editor of El
Heraldo, reminded the Deputies that
when he became Minister of Marine the
Spanish squadron under Admiral Cer
vera "was already at Santiago de Cuba.
Therefore, he declare' he could not be
held responsible for the acts charged
by Senor Canalejas. Moreover, he as
serted, the admirals met in council and
expressed an unanimous opinion that
the squadron should go to Cuba.
"Admiral Cervera, not having coal or
food, was unable to leave the blockaded
port of Santiago, said Captain Aunon.
"He wanted to blow up his ships in the
harbor, but I informed him it would be
preferable to leave the port and engage
the enemy. General Blanco ordered Ad
miral Cervera to leave Santiago and
fixed the day of his departure.
The Carlist, Republican and Conser
vative Deputies met again last evening
and approved their joint manifesto
against a secret discussion of the pro
tocol.
A prominent Senator, having objected
to the sanctioninr of the protocol by a
pitting and standing vote, because In
secret session, the final vote will be
taken at a public session.
STAMPEDE OF PEOPLE
FROM JACKSON, MISS.
No New Yellow Fever Cases, but
Half the Population Has Left
the City.
JACKSON, Miss., Sept. 11.— No new
cases of yellow fever have developed in
the city since the single case reported
Saturday afternoon. Only a few expo
sures have been made to the infection,
and the fear of a general epidemic is
growing less. Nearly half the population
has left the city. The streets have been
iilled with vehicles all day, and the high
ways leading to tho country are lined
with wagons lilled with household goods
and provisions. Most of those who are
fleeing from the infection have gone only
a short distance into the country to await
developments. The Board of Health
firmly believes that tho disease was
brought from New Orleans. To-nighfs
report from Taylors shows no new cases
at Orwood, and two at Taylors.
STEAMSHIP ROSALIE
BRINGS lUCKY MINERS
Sixty Dawsonites Arrive With Half
a Million in Gold and
Drafts.
SEATTLE, Sept. 11.— The steamship
Rosalie arrived here to-night from Skag
uay, Alaska, with sixty passengers from
Duwson, who brought about half a million
dollars in gold dust and drafts. William
Stanley of this city had about $160,000 in
drafts. The 800 pounds of gold on which
they were issued was snipped down the
river to St. Michael.
TERRIBLE TYPHOON
IN CENTRAL JAPAN
Five Hundred Lives Lost and Much
Damage Caused by Floods
That Follow.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 11.— The central
province of Japan have been swept by
a terrible typhoon, which has caused
heavy floods, doing much damage and de
stroying 500 lives.
SOLANO DEMOCRATS.
County Ticket Named by the TJnter
rified at Vacaville.
VACAVILLE. Sept. 11.— The Demo
cratic County Convention yesterday nom
inated the following ticket:
Sheriff, Daniel Fitzpatrick, Suisun; Re
corder, L. V. Corcoran, Vallejo; Assessor,
John Madigan, Vallejo; Assemblyman,
David Miller, Fairiield; District Attor
ney, Raleigh Barcar, Vacaville; Treas
urer, James A. Keyes, Suisun; Superin
tendent of Schools, Daniel White. Cor
delia; Coroner, William McDonald, Va
llejo.
One Death at Camp Thomas.
FORT THOMAS, Ky., Sept. 11.— The
only death here to-day was that of Cor
poral Thomas McLaughlln, Company I,
First Florida Infantry, typhoid fever;
body sent home.
Sixteen convalescents were furloughed
to-day, and an equal number returned
from furloughs.
The colored immunes will go from here
to Lexington next Thursday. The general
health in the hospitals is improving.
Del Norte a Guideless Wonder.
INDEPENDENCE, Or.. Sept. 11.— Del
Norte to-day equaled the world's record
as a guideless pacor, covering a mile in
2-04%. The time by quarters is as follows:
30»4, 1:02. 1:32, 2:04%. Del Norte Is a black
stallion and a full brother to Chehalls, the
w^ll-known pacer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
is JDR- mßtm /■■■ I&SDP
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain }n the Stomach,
Giddiness, fulness after meals, Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Los 3 of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be ..
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
§ j BEECH AMI'S FILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete | health. ; : They . promptly remove
. obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* ; Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
; Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
- . . ~ And' have the : ■■:■■•-'-'..'
LARCEST SALE
Of any Patent medicine In the World*
• v 250. at all Drue Stores.
_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
| We have our complete stock of Chil-
I dren's Fall and Winter Suits now on
I hand. And a magnificent stock it is, too.
o
o Dainty little suits with swell trimmings for
o the little tots ; stronger fabrics and simpler
o styles for the older boys, and duplicates of
° men's styles for the youths — and in every
° suit originality and novelty ; lowest prices
? and the greatest serviceableness. Every
♦ child's garment a marvel of beauty, utility
♦ and economy.
0 ■■• . — ~ ; ■ —
0 jjru To-day we're going to mention ft-
l only two of the numerous good bar-
? JL & a ' ns we m show you, For the •
I f4p money asked no fair-minded father jSSI'
♦ 1/1 or mother will want more when they fprA
I j^J. m seen just what these suits are. ||f||
? TO DOUBLE-BREASTED REEFER jf(j:
% .. / J # SUITS — Coats have large sailor
% , v collars and soutache braid ; all—
♦ I\\\ \\ *S, wool; very best wearers; no «b^
°•' \\ jra&iv^ suits handsomer, and cannot £&&&.
♦ \^^^^ c duplicated elsewhere under /fgf«
♦ j^Ls^f double this price'; sizes 4to 8 /^JIL.
♦ wSSL years; our own manufacture. I ll™^
% DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS— Coats have rolling col-
% lars; perfect suits for boys from 8 to 14 years ; ex-
? tremely new styles ; the very best of wearers ; if not
♦ absolutely as we say money refunded at any time
♦ and no questions asked as to why not satisfactory ;
♦ our own make and guaranteed.
I $2.35.
o
♦
I * 718 Market St., S. F.
Use f*^k and
Facial Soap |^/ Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
cious for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth.
An old Gorman woman, living in a Kansas town, Bays of Ripans Tabules %
""■When we came out to Kansas, eighteen years ago, we were very poor and w«
had a big family. I had to work very hard in the house and outside, too»
milking cows, slopping hogs, picketing horses, making garden and so on. I
was far from my relatives and didn't like the country. I didn't know nobody,
bo I stayed afcJiome and worried. "WVhad a hard time of it. No fruit, no
vegetables, no nothing. Such living was enough to ruin anybody's msfdes.
After a while my stomach got ont of order, and grew -worse and worse. I lost
toy appetite. Nothing tasted good. I was troubled with sourness and gulp.
Ings. Then I got to be cross as a bear. I was downhearted too. I felt kind
ef drowsy most of the time, and had no flourage for anything. I dreamt tha
•wfuloot dreamß. But I didn't think I tros bad rick, and doctors cost too
much and may bo don't do any good. At last, my brother in Philadelphia
sent me ucme Ripens Tabules. He said they were good for my cast. I used
fcem and thon got more. Soon I was well again, almost like whan Ivu *
(jxl& Germany J 1
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a «reat remedy for diseases of tho
kidneys and bladder. A groat Restorative.
inviKurator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
KARKK, ALFS & BHUNE. Agents,
823 Market street. S. F.— Send for Circular.)
34
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
IMPLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND BUNDAYI It
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««K- By mall $6 per year; per montfr
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, br mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
IsEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildlaft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising, Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clccK- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
O'clock' 615 Larßln street, oper. until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission strset. open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
0 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "A Milk White Flar"
I b dwln ••M.-.ry Stuart."
The First Horn" and " A Tragedy.'
Mon bco'b- "The Land ol the Living
Tlvoll—*" Carmen."
V . :i. Seville.
New Comedy Theater—" Woman's Wit."
Aihambra, Eddy ana Jones streets— Vaudeville.
1 lit- Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight.
I lyn i'i;i Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Special tie
tui;o - baths— Swim miii*.
AUCTION SALES.
EL rmbperi A f o.— Ttleday, September 12, Real Estate
at 14 MontGomery >;r<>i'i, a: i 2 o'clock.
TRADE TAME, BUT SATISFACTORY.
HOT weather interfered with trade all over the
country last week, except on the Pacific Coast,
where the temperature was below the normal.
- probably the direct cause of the shrinkage in
the country's bank clearings, ten important cities
showing a falling off as compared with the same week
in 1897. Hut weather means much more in the East
n this coast, owing to the humidity of the East
ern climate, which renders the transaction of busi
ness a burden and keeps the mercantile element
longer than usual at the summer resorts. Still, com
mercial reports abound wit.i rosy accounts of the state
of trade throughout the land.
The situation in general was about the same as for
the preceding week. Western cities all reported -narked
activity in merchandise, and Chicago could not ship
<!ry (..icds fast enough to satisfy the demand. The
distributive trade of the Northwest, which has been
phenomenal for several months, was fully up to its
previous volume. The staples showed no change
whatever, wool and cotton being quiet, wheat un
settled and iron remarkably active. The failures of
the country numbered 142. against 173 for the same
week in 1897 and 308 in 1896. Wall street labored
under the reaction previously noted, an advance in
money rates having checked the buying demand.
The stringency was not serious, however, and will
ly disappear with the resumption of gold im
ports and anticipated action by the Government to
check the accumulation of its funds. Less favorable
• ports from abroad tend to give the wheat mar
ket more tomi. though the improvement is thus far
insignificant Railway earnings continue to show a
gratifying gain, and prices for the leading lines of
merchandise are said to be the » T hest for five years.
These points about cover the condition of trade
throughout the country east of the Rockies.
The local situation is in fair shape. Fall trade is
opening up well as a rule, and while values for most
of the staples are stationary, there is no particular
change in any description. The fruit trade leads all
others in point of interest, and the growers are real
izing prices fully up to the anticipations of the most
sanguine. The canners have had to scramble for
choice fruit this year, to the infinite gratification of
the orchardists, and with the exception of a period of
ten days or so when the market was choked with
peaches and pears scarcity has been the rule since last
spring. It will probably be some years ere the fruit
growers of California again sell apricots at $60 per
ton, pears at $50 and peaches at $65. Nor is dried
fruit a whit behind the fresh article, the only difference
being that it is scarcer, as the fancy figures paid for
the fresh fruit cut down the usual output of dried fruit
considerably.
The grain trade of the State 5s languishing. Prices
are fair as a rule, and for several cereals they are
good. But the light output diminishes the gross
revenue materially. Wheat exports will be small this
year, and, indeed, much of the grain will come in
from the north. Provisions are moving off fairly, and
tome dealers report an increased demand. The wool,
hop and hide markets are very dull, with apparently
no desire to take hold on the part of buyers. The
animal wine question is again coming to the front, as
the grape crop in the northern part of the State, at
least, will be short, owing to the dry season, and
this may have a hardening effect on wine, which is
low at present.
Jobbers of merchandise continue to report a sat
isfactory outward movement, accompanied with com
paratively easy collections. There is a large supply of
money in the usual channels, readily available at the
regular rates of interest Failures are no more
numerous than usual at this time of the year, and are
generally small.
The bank clearings of San Francisco continue to
fall behind those of 1897, a loss in business directly
traceable to the dry winter. There is less grain to
change hands, less fruit to can and dry, less of every
thing, in fact, that the farmer produces. Consequently
there is less movement in all lines of trade, and the
result is immediately shown in decreased bank clear
ings. Still, the falling off is not serious, and, in
deed, is not as pronounced as might have been ex
pected.
Mr. William E. Costley should not be left to fight
alone the battle for the rights of the people against
Wells, Fargo & Co. Every shipper should resist the
imposition of the holy tax-shirkers. The newspapers
of the city by combining defeated the attempt of the
mrporation to rob them, and other shippers will
achieve the same result by pursuing the same policy.
It is not wholly to be regretted that under Swiss
(aw the assassin of the Empress Elizabeth cannot be
put to death. It is worth while preserving one of that
fpecies to see what can be done toward making him
repent before he dies.
You will be able to recognize the Native Son for
teveral days yet by the fact that his hat doesn't fit.
THE PANAMA CANAL.
WHILE the project for constructing a ship
canal across Nicaragua remains in a condition
that may be best described as "open for dis
cussion," the Panama enterprise is moving ahead,
slowly indeed, but with sufficient momentum to jus
tify a fear that if something is not speedily done on
our part it may be completed while we are yet talk
ing, and the great waterway will be under European
instead of American control.
According to a special correspondent of the Lon
don Chronicle, whose name is not given, but who is
described by the Chronicle as a British resident of
Colon and a thoroughly experienced and competent
engineer, the outlook for the successful accomplish
ment of the great undertaking of De Lesseps is by
no means discouraging.
In his report he says the work at present is going
on but slowly and the progress is small. The enter
prise is hampered by the intrigues of the impecunious
Government of the republic and the opposition of the
Panama railway, but nevertheless something is being
done, and the labor on the canal is never wholly
stopped.
It is estimated there have been expended upon the
canal about 53,000,000 pounds sterling, and that about
£16,000,000 of this sum represents work actually done,
while about ii 0.000,000 more represents "experience
bought and paid for," shop machinery, buildings and
appurtenances which are necessary, and therefore of
value to those who may undertake to complete the
work within the next ten years. It is added, however,
that if the work were, to be begun over again with the
knowledge and experience now possessed, all that haß
been attained thus far could be duplicated for about
fifteen millions of pounds, and this sum is regarded
as a not unreasonable estimate to put upon the prop
erty of the canal company upon the isthmus.
Regarding the possibilities of the work from an
engineering point of view the correspondent says:
"I favor a sea-level canal, which I believe to be more
feasible here than a lock system canal, and quite as
economical of construction. Either can be built;
but the sea-level canal will undoubtedly give the
greater degree of satisfaction. Under competent di
rection the Panama canal can, in my opinion, be com
pleted as a sea-level canal for twenty-five or thirty
millions of pounds sterling, and the work, if taken in
hand vigorously, would be completed in ten years —
maximum."
From this showing, made upon what is presumably
a competent and impartial authority, it appears that
the French enterprise is by no means dead. Whether
it will revive to full life and draw from European cap
italists enough money to complete it will depend
upon the course taken by the United States with re
spect to the Nicaragua canal. There will be no need
of two waterways, and if our project is pushed for
ward the French scheme will be abandoned as un
profitable. If we continue to delay, however, the
Panama enterprise may be carried out. We shall
then see the consequences of hesitating in a great
movement of this kind. The waterway will be
opened, but not by American energy, nor will it be
operated in American interests.
THE CRETAN PROBLEM.
BY the outbreak of fanatic violence in Crete, re
sulting in the killing of a number of British
soldiers as well as the looting of the British and
the German consulates at Candia, the reported al
liance between Great Britain and Germany will be put
to a test that will soon make knovn to the public the
extent to which the two powers have agreed to co
operate in international affairs.
It is true the treaty as reported does not directly
refer to the Cretan question or to any other problem
growing out of the rapid degeneration of the Turk
ish empire. Such issues, however, appear to be neces
sarily involved in it by reason of their close relation
to the affairs of Egypt and Syria that are the main
and essential features of the agreement. It is clear
that if Great Britain is to be assured a quiet posses
sion of Egypt, and German interests in Syria are to be
guaranteed a peaceful development, the two powers
will have to act with a united force in maintaining
order in Crete and in all adjacent parts of the empi*e
of the Sultan.
Whatever motives of selfish gain may have moved
the British and the Germans to arrange their re
ported alliance, it is clear that joint action on their
part in Crete would be in the interests of humanity
and the welfare of the oppressed people of the island.
Events have proven that the Sultan is incapable of
fulfilling his treaty obligations and protecting Chris
tians iri his dominions. Nor, since the disastrous re
sult of the war with Turkey, can Greece be expected
to do anything to prevent the anarchy and slaughter
arising out of the antagonism between the hostile
races and religions among the inhabitants. As it
was necessary for us to intervene in Cuba, so now it
Is necessary for some power of first-class strength to
intervene in Crete.
Experience has shown that little reliance can be
placed upon the much vaunted "concert of Europe."
That institution is as yet too inchoate and confused
to act with vigor upon any issue. The reported al
liance between Great Britain and Germany, however,
furnishes exactly the power that the time and the
occasion call for. A combination controlling the
greatest fleet and the greatest army in the world, pos
sessing unlimited wealth and made up of the two most
masterful and vigorous races in Europe, could easily
settle the Cretan problem — and such is their prestige
among nations they would hardly risk a war in do
ing it, for rt is not likely that any power or combina
tion of powers would interfere with them.
This situation of affairs gives a new interest to the
old problem. The world has heard so much of Cretan
insurrections for three generations past it would pay
but little attention to the present one were it not for
the possibility that it may bring to light the terms of
the new coalition and cause the allies to make a joint
demonstration of their power in the Levant. The
crisis is like that of the suspense in a theater when
for a long time ordinary actors have gone on devel
oping a plot and the climax has been reached and the
audience waits for the stars to appear in their dom
inant roles. In the Cretan tragedy the scene is all
set, the supreme issue is reached. What will Britan
nia and Germania do when they step forth upon the
stage?
Now that arrangements have been made for ex
tending the Valley Road southward so as to have con
nection with a transcontinental system, the railroad
monopoly in the State will soon cease to exist, and
not a single agitator or yellow journal will be able
to point to the collapse of the octopus and say "I
did it" or "I helped to do it."
Along with the appointment of a committee to
investigate the conduct of the war there should be
another to investigate the conduct of the yellow jour
nals that have slandered everything connected with
the army from quartermasters to the War Depart
ment.
Several cases of wife-beating have been notable in
that the beaten wife failed to appear and beg mercy
for the brute in the dock.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
SOMETHING of an old story is that of the
wonderful rush of the Oregon around the
Horn and her arrival at the Floridan coast in
fit condition to go at once to the fighting line of the
fleet off Santiago. It has been recounted many times
and explained in many ways. Credit for the great
performance has been given to the naval architects
who designed her, to the men who constructed her,
to her gallant commander, Captain Clark, and to her
skillful engineers. Now, however, a new explanation
of the feat has been put forth, and as it comes from
Chief Engineer Milligan himself it is of interest, not
withstanding that the story is a more than twice-told
tale.
The New York Commercial Advertiser quotes the
chief engineer as having said in a recent speech: "At
one port Captain Clark told me he wanted to make
the next port in ten hours, at fourteen knots an hour.
I told him I didn't think the men could stand the
strain. Soon afterward I found there was a meeting
among the assistant engineers, they insisting that they
could make the port in ten hours; and so we did.
The men stood three watches at the engines and two
in the fireroom. Most of our men are Pacific Slope
men."
That incident deserves commemoration among the
records of the war. There are thousands of brave
men in the armies and navies who follow
wherever their leaders go, and obey without hesita
tion every word of command. The engineers of the
Oregon, however, showed a courage and ardor of
patriotism above that. After their officers had de
cided that a certain work desirable in itself would
impose too great a strain upon them they held a
council of their own and insisted upon undertaking
the task. Their enthusiasm had its way, and their
physical manhood as the results showed proved equal
to the strenuous task their valiant souls had
prompted.
Due attention must also be given to the statement
of the chief engineer, "Most of our men are Pacific
Slope men." Among the people of the East there is
a vague theory that the mildness of the Pacific climate
and the absence of what they call "the bracing rigors
of winter" tend to weaken the muscular and the ner
vous strength of the white race — producing a sort of
low vitality like that of the inhabitants of tropic
countries.
A multitude of victories by Californian champions
in all forms of athletic contests has demonstrated time
and again the falseness of the theory, but it still sur
vives. It is fitting, therefore, to impress upon the
public the fact that the heroes of the engine-room
who carried the Oregon through that record-breaking
feat were Pacific Slope men, and that they endured
the terrific strain without breaking down at any point
from the time they steamed away from California un
til they forged ahead of other warships at Santiago
and won the honors of the battle that destroyed the
fleet of Spain.
BY reason of the large supply of gold and the
comparatively scant amount of paper currency
in the East a curious illustration of the force
of habit has been furnished by that section of the
Union. It appears the people there have become so
addicted to the use of paper money by long usage
that they are unwilling to employ gold for general
circulation, notwithstanding their appreciation of it
as a standard of value.
This preference for the accustomed form of money
appears from all reports to amount to a serious evil
in the financial world. The Boston Herald says:
"The short supply of paper money is causing a good
deal of inconvenience to business and obstructing the
movement of the crops." After pointing out that
there is no real scarcity of currency, it goes on to
say: "The only trouble is that paper money cannot
be readily obtained to satisfy the demands of the
harvesting section, and that gold coin does not meet
the popular demand."
It is not in Boston and New England only that
thi.i demand for paper exist 6. The Philadelphia
Ledger says: "The United States treasury now
holds more than $206,000,000 in gold. It holds this
vast amount largely because it cannot get rid of it.
The people do not care to be burdened with gold
.or pocket money, when paper is so much more con
venient to carry." The Philadelphia Record con
cedes that this statement is in the main correct, but
maintains that the preference for paper money is con
fined to the cities, while it will have been noted that
the Boston Herald asserts the demand for paper
comes from the harvesting districts.
As a matter of fact, it appears the whole Eastern
section of the country, cities and rural districts alike,
den.ands the familiar paper; and so annoying to
financiers has this demand become that the treasury
officials at Washington are quoted as having ex
pressed the opinion that the people should be com
pelled to use gold so as to correct wTiat one of them
has called "their vicious preference for paper."
This statement has roused the wrath of Boston and
the Herald of that city, after referring to it as an
'assumption characteristic of the official mind," re
torts with some indignation: "Uncfe Sam does not
take kindly to the idea of using either gold or silver
coin in circulation. He likes paper money. He
want? it kept as good as gold, but he does not want
to carry the latter about in his pockets. His choice
should be respected, and, in point of fact, it will have
to be."
The whole controversy is a striking proof of the
domination of habit over the human mind. It will
be news to Californians that Uncle Sam does not
take kindly to the idea of using either gold or silver
coin in circulation. In this State our honored uncle
has never used anything else. The Philadelphia
Record speaks of bank notes as being "almost always
foul smelling and filthy from constant handling," and
thi« being so it would appear that the Washington
official was correct in describing the Eastern fond
ness for paper as a "vicious preference."
Altogether the situation is amusing. A thirsty
Kentuckian, crying "Water, water everywhere and
not a drop to drink." has no quandary equal to the
perplexity of financiers with gold, gold everywhere
and no money to meet the popular demand.
Up to this time more wealth has come from the
Klondike than has been caried in, but matters are
rapidly taking an opposite turn, and before lonjj a
statement of the balance of trade will make an
EBkimo smile.
In the confusion camp some are Democrats, some
are Populists and some are Silver Republicans, but
the sandlotters lead them all.
Whenever the campaign becomes too hot for him
Maguire can console himself with the reflection that
a cold day is coming.
It is not certain whether John J. Valentine prayed
or swore when he heard of the Costley suit, but his
language was Biblical.
There is reason to believe the Maguire boom would
run better if Gallagher would let her go.
PACIFIC SLOPE MEN.
THE PAPER MONEY HABIT.
DEVELOPMENT OF THE SUN SPOT.
The general large sun spot Is composed of many sections more or less
scattered, but that of September 2 was one enormous single spot, about
51,000 miles In diameter. Adjacent to Its eastern side were two almost Im
perceptible markings which began to develop on September 7, and have
since become three penumbral tracts, thus forming In all a group extending
over an area about 140,000 miles In length. One* of these tracts spread into
connection with the large spot, which is otherwise little changed except
from the effects of a less foreshortened view.
At the time of writing It shows some symptoms of scattering, but will
probably remain visible for some days yet. Having kept a record of solar
disturbances for eleht years past, I find that It has been equaled in size
and conspicuousness by only three or four groups during that period.
September 10, 1898. ROSE O'HALLORAN.
WHITE MEN IN THE TROPICS.
As It Is With the Englishman, So Will It Be With
the American,
From the London Speaker, August 27.
There is a mural inscription In the old church on the Chelsea embank
ment which describes France as our inveterate enemy, and though we have
been for eighty-three years at peace with the French people there are
doubtless some Englishmen who still think of France as the worst enemy
of Anglo-Saxon expansion. We venture to think they are mistaken.
France is not our worst enemy, nor Germany, nor Russia. Malarial fever is
the most deadly of all. The question whether Englishmen or Americans
can exercise with advantage permanent dominion in the tropics depends
mainly on whether they can succeed in mastering tropical disease. The
question arises in India, in Africa, in Cuba and Manila; it may arise be
fore long in Southern China; in all essentials it is the same question every
where. The waste of life and of vital energy in the tropics is the gravest
difficulty of empire. Let us see roughly what it means. We have ruled India
for more than a century. The native people are, with few exceptions,
peaceful and docile and industrious beyond compare. They produce a large
proportion of men of ability who can be trusted in all but the very highest
places of government. The small military population of the north produces
some excellent soldiers. The Government has been organized so as to re
quire the services of aa few Europeans as possible, and private traders pro
ceed on the same system. India is therefore run by a white population of
150.000, of whom half are soldiers. Yet the difficulty of maintaining that
force is enormous. The average Indian life c-f the Staff Corps officer or civil
lan is between twenty-five and thirty years, if his health lasts, as against
forty-five years at home. Yet the term cannot be extended. To get men to
stay so long, the pension has to be enormously increased as a reward for
the last few years of service, and the pension is earned at the risk of phys
ical or mental collapse. The Britisher in India, is past his best at forty-five,
when he would only just have reached full intellectual maturity at home.
The rank and file of the soldiers do not stay on the average more than
four or five years in India, but it is quite enough for most of them. Making
all allowances for the vicious habits of a few stigmatized by the Comman
der-in-Chlef, the main cause of the decrepitude or industrial inefficiency of
so many who have returned from India is the climate. The climate of In
dia threatens to destroy our system of voluntary military service.
India has been so long governed by England that care can be taken,
except on the frontier, to locate troops and other "whites in comparatively
healthy settlements. A considerable part of Northern India is not technic
ally wtthin the tropics, and there are plenty of hill stations. Thus there
are advantages in Tndia as compared with many other hot countries. A few
years ago some enthusiasts told us that Africa was to be quite a different
place; that In the high lands of the center white men would be able to live,
and breed and rear their children — become colonists, in fact, and not merely
administrators. Sir John Pope Hennessy, who had not stewed in Lagos
for five years without learning to see the worst side of things, always dis
counted these optimistic prophecies. He told us that tropical Africa could
never become a white man's country. It may be he was wrong, but he has
not yet been proved wrong. The enthusiast's idea was that altitude was
more important than latitude. Get away from the marsh lands by the sea
and malaria would be left behind. We never felt much confidence in thrrse
promises of good health for Britons if they got away from the sea.. Even
in the tropics the sea gives health. The best hope for the fever-stricken man
is to get him on shipboard. In the Interior he has a slightly less chance of
catching fever, but he is more likely to die if he catches it. These high
lying health resorts somehow belle their first promise. Uganda is very high
up, but only exceptionally tough men can stand its climate. The country
on the way to it is so pestiferous that Sir Arthur Hardinge recommends
that no more workmen should be sent there from Northern India: they
cannot live in this terrible land. There is a poor chance for the English
man where the Hindoo cannot survive. Nyassaland is also turning out badly.
The death rate among the whites has gene up to 100 per thousand. The
last report from the Governor shows the climate to be the real difficutly.
Fever extends much farther south. Black-water fever has been known in the
Bechuanaland Protectorate at an altitude of over SOOO feet, and on the 20th
parallel of latitude, and that in a great thirst land where there is scarcely
a spring, much less a marsh. The Americans in Cuba are already finding
malaria worse than the Spaniard.
It is said that Mr. Chamberlain Intends to tackle the problem by ap
pointing a small commission of eminent medical men, who are to visit the
Gold Coast in the healthy season. We cannot hope very much from this
#troke of statecraft. British troops have stewed in that "little military hot
house," Malta, for a century, but no doctor has discovered a specific for
the type of recurrent malaria known as Maltese fever. So far the only
medical discovery which was thought to have made European life in the
tropics less deadly was the use of quinine. But the merciless Dr. Koch has
recently produced strong reasons for believing that quinine does more
harm than good. He has discovered that since quinine came into use, ma
laria has been much less common among women than among men. For
well-known reasons, women cannot take as much quinine as men. and do
not. In fact, dose themselves with it as men do. Hence he argues that qui
nine may, in its reaction, predispose to fever. We are not quite convinced,
and would, indeed, put to him another question. Why is it that Spaniards
and Portuguese can live and thrive after a fashion where Englishmen can
not? It may be partly because they nre bred in a warmer climate. It
may be partly because they have less objection to miscegenation, and there
fore live In different relations toward no five women. It may be partly b«
mOBt they drink less spirits. But we venture to believe that the main rea
pon If because, like English women, they work less than do Englishmen. The
vrry vigor which we bring with us from our island home, and which has
enab>d us to piok up the ri^r.^Ft bits of the world for our race, is, In a
sense, our undoing. A white man can live In the South, but he must be
content to vegetate there. Englishmen prefer to work and die rather than
vegetate, and somehow we cannot wish it otherwise.
We have no wish to see a new race of English-speaking men who could
live but could not work any better than Spaniards can work. E\ r ery race has
its suitable environment: ours is in the temperate zone. Of course, it may be
worth our while to sacrifice a moderate number of lives year by year in order
to keep open tropical markets and govern and civilize tropical peo
ples. But there must be no foolish misapprehension about the meaning of
these acquisitions. So long as the tropics are fatal to full vigor, conquests
in the tropics cannot be spoken of as an expansion of England, like settle
ments In North America or in Australia. They may be markets but they
cannot be homes. It Is, perhaps, just as well that the Americans likewise
should have had to face this fundamental difficulty at so early a stage of
their colonial conquests. They may perhaps face it in a different way from
us. The bodily frame of the Yankee Is not a bit more Immune from mala
ria than ours, though it may be that the inhabitants of the Gulf States
have acquired a certain immunity on the principle of the survival of the
fittest. But the American, owing to his more mixed origin, has a power of
absorbing and utilizing other races which the Englishman has not Possibly
the Americans will be able, in Cuba and Porto Riro, at least to evolve out
of the . Spaniards, who can stand the climate, a race with powers of gov
ernance. But we fancy that for many years, at least, their new possessions
will mean to them, as India and Africa mean to us. a heavy if necessary
sacrifice. What statistician has ever been able to figure un the mat n * ™ o
laria in lessened human efficiency? l OTt or ma "
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Judge T. B. Bond of Lakeport Is at the
Grand.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
Is at the Lick.
F. A. Hihn. the capitalist of Santa Cruz,
ia at the Occidental.
J. Rummplshurg, a merchant of "Win
ters, is at the Grand.
Superior Judge T. C. Law, wife and
child, are at the Lick.
J. G. Hamilton, a large land owner of
Hollister, is at the Russ.
Edward T. Pierce, the principal of the
Los Ang-eles High School, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock have
returned to the city for the winter and
will reside at the Palace.
Sheriff Tom Cunningham of Stockton Is
at the Baldwin. He Is on the lookout for
a United States Marshalship.
Dr. L. P. Hall of Dlxon is at tha Grand.
8 . F. Black. State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, is at the Lick.
William Ferguson and J. H. Laudon of
the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
arrived In this city yesterday to attend
the council of the grievance committee,
of which they are members.
Colonel and Mrs. w. D. Sanborn rave
a party at their home at 2500H California
street. In horor of Mrs. S. A. Sanborn of
Galesburg. 111., the mother of the host,
and Mr. and Mrs. George Churchill of
Knox College. Galesburg. 111., on Saturday
evening. The entertainment wns in the
nature of a muslcale. The California
Quartet, composed of Clarence T. Wrti
dall. C. L. Gage, Dr. R. W. Smith and E.
G. Macßalne, with Miss Mollie Pratt as
accompanist, headed the list: hut solos
were rendered by each member of the
quartet and by Mrs. W, A. Taaffe. Among
the guests were: Hon. and Mrs. Dan
Cole, Mr. and Mrs. Will Cole. Mrs. M.
Breßse. Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Gage, Mr. and
Mrs. W. N. Donaldson, Mr. and Mrs. 8.
B. Samuels. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Taaffe,
Mrs. S. A. Sanborn. Galesburg, 111.; Pro
fessor and Mrs. George Churchill, Gales
burg. 111.; Mrs. L. M. Murphy. San Jose;
Clarence Smith, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. El
liott, N. Booth, Captain and Mrs. Eugene
Freeman, Miss Hazel Maydwell, Miss
Amy McCarty. Archie Gage, Robert Be
retta, Miss Chispa Sanborn, Clarence T.
Wendall, Dr. R. w. Smith. E. G. Mac-
Baine and Miss Mollie Pratt.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PETALUMA-H., City. The population
of Petaluma, Sonoma County, is about
3t>oo; some place it at 4000. That of Sanca
Rosa, in the same county, is about 7500.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE-W. L.
F., City. The Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art is open from 9 o'clock in the morn
ing until 5 o'clock in the afternoon The
free day Is the first Friday in each
month.
WARSHIPS— W. S., Lemoore, Cal. In
times of peace the war ships of the Uni
ted States are painted either white, ligtet
yellow or some other light color. In tiro*
of war they are painted black for ttt«
reason that a black ship is not so prom
inent an object for the enemy to aim at
as one painted of a light color.
EVENING SCHOOL— C. T., City. The
evening school known as the Humboldt
Evening School, located in the school
building on Golden Gate avenue, near
Hyde street, is a free public school. This
is no reason why young ladies who at
tend there cannot take the course in ar
chitectural drawing.
FOREIGN CARRYING TRADE— J. M ,
City. The statistics on commerce and
navigation are silent as to the amount
that is paid yearly in the United States
to foreign ships, but the statistics show
that the value of the foreign carrying
trade for several years past will average
$1,500,000,000.
TO CLEAN SATIN— Mrs. X., City.
The following is given as a method to
clean satin: "Four ounces of soft boo?,
four ounces of honey the whitevof an egg
and a wineglassful of gin, mixed well
together. With this mixture scour tha
article (which must be unpicked and laid
in widths on a table; a kitchen table win
do) with a rather hard brush, thorough
ly; afterward rinse it in cold water, loave
to drain and iron while quite damp with
a piece of thin muslin between it an-1 tha
iron, or it will be marked on tae ironed
side. Tne satin, when laid on the table,
must be kept quite smooth, so that every
part may come under the brush."
MOTHS— E.. Lone Pine, Cal. Motha
deposit their eggs in early spring. If al
lowed to remain in the dark, the articles
in which such deposits are made facili
tate the breeding of the worms which
come from these eggs, and it is the worm
that does the mischief. The articles
should, before being put away for any
length of time, be aired, well shaken,
and, if clothing, be beaten with a light
rattan, then wrapped in freshly printed
newspaper, as printing ink is something
that will prevent the approach of motha.
Camphor is also an excellent article for
keeping away moths, but is not desirable
to use with fur, as It has a tendency to
turn the color of the fur a lighter shade.
Articles that are put away should be ta
ken out and aired in the sun at least once
a month. If that is done and newspapers
or camphor is used there will not be any
ravages by moths.
MINING LAW— Miner, Coulterville, Cal.
This department is unable to find any
law of California that requires that work
to the extent of $50 shall be done on a
mining claim before notice can be record
ed. But there is a law that was passed
in 1891 which says: Whenever any mine
owner, company or corporation shall have
performed the labor and made the im
provements required by law for the loca
tion and ownership or mining claims or
lodes, such owner, company or corpora
tion shall file or cause to be filed, within
thirty days after the time limited for per
forming such labor or making such im
provements with the Recorder of Deeds
in the county in which the mine or claim
is situated an affidavit as to the labor
performed and Improvements made and
the value thereof, which affidavit shall be
priirn facie evidence of the facts therein
stated. _^_^________
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'a. 1
■. s .■■ % m ■ — — — — ...■ ,
: This week: b«st eyeglasses; spec*: to
40c; 65 Fourth street: look out for No. 65. •
■ ♦ ■
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 663 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and publi i men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The oil of tobacco found in th# stems
of long-used pines is one of the most
active and powerful poisons known.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synsp"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething of
other causes. For sale by Druggists la every
part of the world. Be cure and ask for Mrs.
Window's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa P»
route. Call at the new, ticket office. 628 Market.
— — • ♦■ ■
HOTEL. DEL, CORON ADO— advanw«
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days', board at ho
tel; longer stay *2 SO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
; ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS AR^
sold on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn.'
raising of the food, distress after eating or any*
form of dyspepsia. One little tablet gives im
mediate relief. At No . Percentage Pharmacy.
Venezuela has an enormous territory,
claiming 632,000 square miles of area. It
is almost as larsre as Alaska and Arizona-
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Ever ;
Drink Coffee?
Americans' Best
THAT'S THE (^Qffgg
try It
YOU SAVE
5 Cents per X"^ ££ ; <
Pound on LIOIICC
111 Cents per * I * „
IV Pound on X CCIiJ
AND GET A
Beautiful Present
. with Each Pound
Free
Great American Importing Tea Co.V
MONEY-SAVING STORES
861 Market st., - oppo- ' 705 Larkln st.
," ,„/, £ ,* lte Po weU. 1419 Polk st. ..
Sixth st. 1819 Devlsadero st.
2l| Third st. 2008 Fillmore st.
52f £. earny i •*• 621 Montgomery are.
"6 Ninth st. 119 Kentucky st.
2510 Mission st. "253 Mission st.
3006 Sixteenth st. 62 Market st,
555 Hayes st.
OAKLAND STORES
10 53 Washington st. 131 San Pablo »▼*
■*_ 91 1 Broadway. ■ ■ 616 E. , Twelfth at.
. 1510 Seventh st.
ALAMEDA— Park at.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed FRBB •*
application:/BULLETINS OF
LOVE SPED AT
CABLE RATES
Miss Bouton Buoys
Up Her Baron.
HAS HAD ANOTHER RELAPSE
WASTED TO SKELETON ON HER
BED OF PAIN.
Nevertheless She Only Postpones
Her Marriage to Yon Nimptsch
Until After Her Re
covery.
Serious and prolonged illness has post
; ; the happiest wont of Madeline
i ma life— her marriage to Baron
Guhlo yon Ximptsch. The charming and
popular actress still lies impatiently in a
.at ie McNutt Hospital, where
she went on August 1 to undergo a sur
gical operation. Soon after the operation
and while she was apparently on the road
to recovery she suffered a relapse, and
for some time her life hung tremblingly
in the balance. Her condition, however,
in a few days took a turn for the better,
end one uay last week she got out of bed
and dressed and wrote several letters, one
tich was to Baron yon Nimptsch.
She over-exerted herself, and the result
a Becond relapse, and she is again a
■> erj sick woman. She has wasted away
mere sk-'ieton, but nevertheless her
Jan has no doubt of her ultimate
cry, although it will necessarily be
very slow, which will be very trying in
deed to Miss Bouton. who expected to g<>
Kast at the end of this month.
Jt was the intention of Baron yon
Nimptsch to come to San Francisco ami
marry Miss Kuuton here, Cut it has now
been decided that the wedding shall take
jilace either in New York or Germany
when circumstances shall permit. The
report that Huron yon Nimptsch is at
\t in this country is denied by Miss
n, who says that he is in German}
and in proof of this fact she exhibits a
letter from him dated August 21, at
nbof, his sister's residence. Sho
eta another letter from him this
wttk.
"If he were in this country," said Miss
Bouton, "lie would now be at my bed
1 have cabled him several times
concerning my condition, as well as hav
1: g written several letters, to all of which
a replied in the most affectionate
i-rnif. I have told him not to come t<>
Francisco, and have advised him to
I to his important business affairs
rmany and London. We shall be
led us soon after my recovery as
:>.-."
Asthma,Bronchitis, Catarrh cur? guarnnt'd. Pr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pin.*, nr. K^arny. S.F.Cai.
MANY ROCKCOD CAUGHT.
Amateur Fishermen Sit in the Hot
Sun and Make Big Catches.
All those who visited the water front
'.ay in the hope of escaping the
re greatly disappointed. The
g breezes that are wont to blow
: •irtion of the city were wafted
..ore. Sight-seeing became tiresome
. .ring the sultry afternoon few pc
■ aved old Sol's rays.
Devotees of zaak Walton were unde
tbe beat and complacently sat
the wharf waiting for the
to nibble at enticing- bait.
fishermen hired Whltehalls ami
: . .n tii- vicinity of .tvicatraz, where
running strong. Ldirge
- wi-re the order of the day; some
averaging thirty and even more.
.1 ihnson, first mate on the
bark . :;>ade a supreme effort to
hie thirst by filling up on cooling
beverages. In trying to lind a shady spot
he thought .>f his vessel. As he walked
on the 1> olsoni-street dock his movements
v ■. ■:(• unsteady and in trying to get up the
gang-plank he came to gri<-f by falling
between the vessel and the wharf. John
son 1. - • nougb to t?rab the pile un
til a rope had been placed around his
Bhoulder by his disgusted captain. He
vas bleeding from numerous bruises and
the Harbor Receiving Hospital wagon
was MBit for. The inebriated mate re
fused to go to the hospital and locked
himself in the vessel's cabin.
Dr. Scammell induced Johnson to ac
. any him after some persuasion. Dr.
A. H. Glannini took a few stitches in the
'a s'-alp and also treated his lacer
ated cheek. AVhile Johnson was on the
operating table the unsympathetic cap
tain visited the hospital and told him to
take two weeks off, as that was the sec
ond time he fell overboard.
The Alliance arrived from Honolulu
earl 3' yesterday morning with passengers
and merchandise and anchored in the
stream. Captain Hardwick reports a fine
voyage <>t nine and a half days.
Jim Crogan, a longshoreman, nearly
lost hin l!f<- on last Friday night by fall
ing off the Vallejo street dock. A watcn
man beard the splash and with the help
of Boatman ■\Vi!li;<m Clark managed to
pull him on to a float. Crogan was sn far
gone that It took both men nearly an
hour to resuscitate him. As he was still
weak he was sent to the Harbor Hos
pital for further treatment.
LEGITIMATE STILL REIGNS.
Modjeska Believes in Shakespeare
and Will Revive Antony and
Cleopatra.
Mine, Modjeska arrived in this city yes
terday morning and went at once to the
Baldwin, where she has a suite of rooms.
Bhe has been In the State for some time,
visiting the smaller cities of the south.
California is still her favorite habitation,
and she is happy to call It her home.
Modjeska will open a two weeks' en
gagement at the Baldwin to-night. She
will keep within the lines of the legiti
mate with the possible exception of Sud
derraan's "Magda." "We will revive
Shakespeare's 'Antony and Cleopatra,' "
Bhe said yesterday. "I have never played
the part of Cleopatra in this country be
fore. Every detail of it has been studied
out carefully and we will endeavor to
present a correct and faithful version of
the play. The galley scene will be a
part of our presentation— the one scene
of the play which has a strong comedy
tinge and which is generally amputated—
that in the only word to use, for what
ever of Shakespeare that is cut out in the
production is nothing but an amputation.
But you know the public: they must have
a play reduced to the time allotted for
their amusement or they are not satis
!■■■(!
< > M £ . ka still shows her fondness for
il.e loKftlnwu,.. she Bays her season of
Shakespeare in New York was successful
and that the public is really anything but
unappreciative of the classics
Blessedness of Obedience.
Bishop John F. Hurst of Washington.
r>. C. who is the presiding bishop this
jrear of the California Conference, preach
ed yf-sterday morning at the Ho ward
street Methodist Church to an Immense
congregation upon the "Messrdnesß of
Obedience." In opening his sermon the
Wshop prefaced his remarks by statin*
that it had been sixteen years since he
was last in San Francisco. He declared
that the people of the city were to be
congratulated upon the wonderful strides
in advancement— educational and religious
—that had been made in the interim
'•This city," said the Bishop, "has a
truly wonderful school system while
■from it within a radius of fifty miles no
State h;is finer educational facilities, as
may bo seen by glancing at its magni
ficent institutions of e*Jcation."
Bishop Hurst chose his text from Rev
elatlons xxii:l4: "Blessed are they that do
his commandments, that they may have a
right to the tree of life and may enter
In through the gates into the city." The
line of thought along which the Bishop In
a masterly style developed his text was
that of all commnndments that of obedi
ence was t)i(' greatest.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark"s, 663 Market street. •
A KLONDIKER`S
GRUBSTAKE
Charles Lamb Declares
It Was a Loan.
TROUBLE OVER A STAKE
WILL OPPOSE THE MEN WHO
WANT A DIVISION.
The Los Angeles Miner Denies the
Allegations of His Friends
Who Loaned Him
Money.
Charles Lamb, one of the successful
miners of the Klondike, has returned to
this city to enjoy his hard-earned wealth.
His advent here will not be altogether a
tour of comfort and enjoyment, if the ad
vices recelvc-d from Los Angeles are cor
rect. There are several men in that city
who will contest in court the right of
Lamb to retain the vast amount of money
which he is reported to have taken out of
his mine. They claim that it In part be
longs to them, as they grub-staked the
successful Lflmh previous to his departure
for the Northwest In ISS6.
The men who assert that they are enti
tled to a portion of the earnings of Lamb
are N. P. Prince, George W. Verger,
Charles A. Peterson, L. H. Smith and A.
L. Holloway. Lamb returned on the Port
land, which arrived in this city not many
days ago, bringing down a batch of min
ers from the Klondike. He is now stop
ping in a lodging-house on Pine street,
where he was seen yesterday in regard to
the allegations made against him by the
Los Angeles claimants.
"Not a word of it Is true," he said. "I
did not enter into any contract with those
men at all. At the time I was not in very
rood circumstances and I solicited « loan
from Peterson. Verger, Smith, Holloway
and Prince. They were to give me $10
apiece and for it I was to furnish them in
formation of vie country. If the country
up there proved to be such as to afford
an opprotunity for them I was to let them
know. That is why they agreed to give
me $10 apiece so that I could get off, and
if I struck anything at all to inform them,
so that they might also have a chance
at it.
"I left the city in the early part of I)>S6
and went to Forty Mile. From that place
I branched out until I struck Hunker
Creek and there located a claim which is
a pretty pood one. The reports that I
have brought down $300,000 are fabu
lous. A lot of division would be neces
sary to get at the correct sum. I earned
every cent I have and these men are not
going to get any of it. They did not even
give me at the beginning the $50 they
promised. 1 got $25 of it and some time
nfter they gave the rest to my wife. It
was a loan merely and not a grub-stake.
"I notified these men about the wealth
of the country and they went up there.
Why. they did not even ask for any divi
sion in the Klondike. They did not want
me to give them any share of what the
claim was producing, but they did ask
for favors. I helped all of them out and
on many occasions, particularly Prince
and Holloway. When they were up in the
territory they did not want anything and
now that they are here they think that
they can get a divvy."
Lamb was very reticent about the value
of his claims and the amount of money
he cleaned up. He is inclined to put a
wet blanket over the reports of his
strike on Huriker, but the returning Klon
dikers all say that Lamb has some very
valuable mining property, and that he
brought a good big pile of dust and bills
with him.
MILITARY MATTERS.
Troops at the Presidio Are Awaiting
the Return of General Merriam.
It is the general opinion of those who
are in a position to know that the troops
will certainly be kept at the Presidio until
General Merriam returns and makes his
report as to what disposition he thinks
should be made of the forces now here.
The question has assumed the propor
tions of a long weary wait, but even' one
is hopeful that when the general arrives
the regiments will get away to Honolulu.
The First Washington and Twentieth
Kansas regiments will be paid to-day ;ind
the Firnt Tennessee to-morrow. Orders
for a mounted escort to the paymasters
were issued yesterday by General Miller.
Private Arthur Keys, Fourteenth In
fantry, has been transferred to Troop M,
Fourth Cavalry-
Sergeant Charles H. Clinehouse, Com
pany M, Twentieth Kansas, was granted
a thirty days' furlough and allo%ved to go
to his home. Some time ago Clinehouse
injured his leg and has never fully re
covered.
The report of the Board of Officers ap
pointed to assess the damages done th»
property of Zero Thomas by the soldiers
of the Tennesseee Regiment, has been
submitted to Colonel Smith by General
Miller to find out what action he pro
pose? to take. The damages assessed are
comparatively small nnd will no doubt
be paid by the regiment, as Colonel Smith
has said that he intended to see that all
reparation be made to the family.
First Lieutenant Floyd W. Harris,
Fourth Cavalry, who has been in Port
land upon a two weeks' leave of absence,
returned to the Presidio yesterday morn
ing and resumed his duties as Adjutant
of the Post.
Corporal Patrick Ahem, Company B,
Fifty-first lowa Regiment, died at the
Division Hospital yesterday of typhoid
fever. His remains were sent home last
night.
SAVED FROM DROWNING.
Coney Ochs, Champion Junior Scull
er, Rescues a Boy From
the Bay.
"While fishing from the wharf near the
Pioneer Boat Club house yesterday after
noon, a boy of about 12 years fell Into the
bay. Coney Ochs, champion sculler in the
Junior class, who hod been out in his shell
for a practice spin, emerged from the
; clubhouse, arrayed in his Sunday best, as
; the boy came to the surface for the third
! time. Realizing that no time was to oe
j lost in divesting himself of his garments.
Ochs took a header into the water, reach
ing the lad Just In time to save i< m from
drowning. Other members of the club
succeeded In landing rescuer and rescued
on the wharf in short order. Ochs Is now
the hero of Lone Bridge.
Will Petition the Supervisors.
The Fair-mount and Glen Park Improve- |
ment Club, at its regular weekly meet- j
ing Saturday night, elected the following
officers: Chris Stader, president; Thomas
Crouch, vice-president; Joseph P. Tuohey, j
secretary; Joseph Heck, treasurer, and |
John Hansen, sergeant at arms. The
ma of $35 was collected toward con- i
structing a meeting hall. The club will :
send a petition to the Board of Super- i
visors demanding that the board rescind
the extension of time granted Messrs.
Flinn & Treacy on their contract to ■
sewer Chenery street. The sewer on
Chenery street waa ordered done as a
sanitary measure over two years ago, and
Messrs. Flinn & Treacy have failed to
fulfill their contract. Their failure to do
the work has stopped building and created
a nuisance on Chenery street, therefore
the club expects the Board of Supervisors
to do their duty in the matter.
Labor Party Convention.
The State Convention of the United La
i bor Party will be held In this city on Sep
i tember 20. The time and place were de-
I elded upon at a meeting of the State Com
1 mlttee held Saturday night at the head
' quarters, 1211 Market street, and a reso
lution was adopted authorizing the chair
man to Issue a call for the same. The dele
gates will be chosen by the various dis
trict clubs on the basis of one delegate
for every twenty-five members.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATH 3.
Physicians recommend the Cry«tal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
A THICK SKULL
HIS SALVATION
J. M. Shaughnessy Shot
in the Forehead.
THE BULLET FLATTENED OUT
TWO BOYS FIRE AT HIM AND
THEN JUMP ON HIM.
The Young Culprits Are Arrested
Later and Booked on the Charge
of Assault to Commit
Murder.
James M. Shaughnessy, a school Janitor
living at 521^2 .Lombard street, has to
thank his thick skull lor not being on a
slab in the Morgue.
Yesterday afternoon Shaughnessy took
a ride on the cars to the Potrero. While
passing Third and Townsend streets he
tsaw Tom Canavan, engineer of Knijine
3, and his wife, and jumped off to have |
a talk with them. Then he boarded an
other car, and hearing shois In the neigh
borhood of Kentucky and Mernmac
streets he jumped ort to investigate.
When he readied the water's edge he
saw several boys bathing, and it occurred
to him that he would take off his shoes
and socks and wade in the water. Just !
then two boys about lh years of age came j
up to him and one of them said "You , |
we have got you now."
Before Shaughnessy could say or do
anything they each fired a shot at him
send he fell. Then they jumped on him
■Ad struck him on the face, cutting his
lip and ear. He yelled for help and the
two boys fled in the direction of a lum
ber yard. Policemen Mullin and McOor
mlck were notified that there was a ;
shooting racket and they hurried to the
scene. They met Shaughnessy with his :
face covered with blood, and on ques- |
tioning him he told them he did not know I
the boys and could not recognize them, j
They must have mistaken him for some j
one else, he thought.
Shaughnessy was; sent to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance, and Dr. Pren-
Uce found a bullet in his forehead over ]
the left eye. He soon extracted it and I
was surprised to rind it had been flattened
against the skull. It was a 32 caliber bul
let, and as the shot was fired at close ;
range the wonder is that the bullet did I
not penetrate the skull and cause death. ,
The doctors could only account for it by
the thickness of Shaughnessy's skull.
Detective Dillon was detailed on the j
case and when he Interrogated Shaugh- |
nessy he gave him a false name and re- [
peatert his story that he had done noth- i
ing when the two boys fired the shots at i
him The detective did not believe the
story, and further investigation proved
that he was right.
T.ato yesterday afternoon Sergeants
Brophy and Conboy arrested two young
men giving their names as John Thomp
son and Patrick Kelly on suspicion of
having shot Shaughnessy. They were ;
1, . ked up in the tanks pending an inves- |
tigation. Both men wore subsequently j
identified as the asallants of Shaugh- i
nossy. According to several witnesses of
the shooting. Kelly and Thompson, who
were under tho Influence of liquor, whip- ■
ped out their revolvers and commenced !
shooting over the heads of the bathers,
Shaughnessy, fearing that they would in-
Jute somebody, ordered them to cease ■
shooting. mmm\
Kelly replied that if Shaughnessy did
Dot mind his own business he would
"blow his head off." Thompson, at this
juncture, stepped up to Shaughnessy :
and attempted to strrke htm over the ,
head with his revolver.
Thinking that the drunken ruffians were
trying" to "run a bluff." as he expressed
It. Shaughneasy determined to show
them that they could not intimidate him.
Walking up to Thompson ho proceeded
to chastise him, when Kelly aimed his re
volver at his head and fired.
Afi he fell wounded to the ground, both
the men struck him over the head with \
their weapons, inflicting several scalp i
They then repeatedly kicked him and,
had It not been for several citizens who ;
interfered they wound have killed him.
Shortly afterward the two men ran
down Kentucky street and made their i
Sergeants Conbov and Brophy, assisted
by a number of police officers, started out
to find them. After considerable trouble
they located them in a house on Shipley
street near Fifth. They offered no re
pistance when told that they wore under
arrest, and were at once taken to the
Receiving Hospital to be identified by
1 They were afterward taken before Cap
tain Spillane and closely questioned.
The prisoners dented that they shot
Shaughnessy, but admitted that they
wore in the vicinity at the time of the
was still suffering from the
effects of an overindulgence in liquor, and
in a boisterous manner he defied Cap
tain Spillane to lock him up.
"Wove got a pull, declared Kelly,
"you know better than to throw us In
your duty, gentlemen," replied
Captain Spillane to his two sergeants as
they seized Thompson and Kelly and
hustled them across the yard and into
the City Prison.
SOLDIERS' GRATITUDE.
Officers and Men Give Thanks
to the Ladies of Catholic
Truth Society.
The unselfish work of the women of the
Catholic Truth Society among the citizen
soldiery stationed in this city, has been
duly recognized by the men of the Volun
teer Army. The workers In the name of
this humanitarian society know no relig
ion no creed. They went about their self
allotted tasks like ministering angels, re
lieving the Buffering of all who required
the nourishment and attention that was
within their power to give. The follow
ing memorial voices the sentiments of bit
ing memorial voices the sentiments of
both officers and men, and tells of their
appreciation of the labor of love per
formed in their behalf.
We the undersigned officers, on our own
hehal'f and on that of the men under our
command, wish to give public expression
•o the grateful feelings we entertain for
the ladles of the Catholic Truth Society,
and for its enerßetie, zealous and devoted
president, the Rev. Philip O'Ryan.
If the comforts of home have clustered
around the sick bed of the soldiers at Camp
Merrltt, if they have failed to experience
the weariness and neglect that generally
falls to the lot of soldiers stretched upon
bed* *< til" they owe it to the sweet min
istrations of the ladles or the Catholic
Truth Sot-lety and to the genial, devoted,
self-sacrificing Father O'Ryan, who di
rected them in their heroic work.
To the Rev. Father O'Ryan and to the
ladles of the Catholic Truth Society we
tender our heartfelt thanks, and we wish
to assure them that their charitable, kindly
and unsolicited attentions have secured for
them a warm place in our affections and
our lasting admiration and gratitude.
John R. Berry, Colonel, Seventh California
Infantry, United States Volunteers; J. J.
Choate, Major and Surgeon, Seventh Regi
ment California Infantry. United States
Volunteers; W. \V. Hobble, Captain and
Assistant Surgeon, Seventh Regiment Cali
fornia Infantry, L'nlted States Volunteers;
P. H. Russell, Captain and Assistant Sur
geon, Seventh Regiment California Infantry,
United States Volunteers; Ira B. Ladd,
Captain and Assistant Surgeon. Seventh
Regiment California Infantry. United States
Volunteers; O. A. Ooodale, Major, Twenty
third United States Infantry, commanding
Third Battalion; James K. Polk, First
lieutenant and Adjutant, First Tennessee
Infantry, United States Volunteers; William
C. Smith, Colonel, First Tennessee Infantry,
United Stntes Volunteers; William A.
Green, First Lieutenant. Twentieth Kansas,
United States Volunteers; John A. Rafter,
Major and Surgeon, Twentieth Kansas,
United States Volunteers; Charles A. Huft
mann, Captain and Assistant Surgeon,
Twentieth Kansas, United States Volun
teers, and John C. Loper, Colonel, Fifty
first lowa.
Gomossi Kids Hammered.
NEWARK, Sept. 11.— The baseball game
between the Gomossi Kids of San Fran
cisco and the Falks of this place to-day
1 resulted in favor of the home team by a
, ecoro of 8 to 7.
WILL PARADE IN
NEW YORK CITY
Troops From Porto Rico
to Be Reviewed.
BY ORDER OF GENERAL MILES
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT fHE
TIME SET.
The Home-Comers Will Prjbably Be
Concentrated at Seag-irt, an
Excellent New Jersey-
Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Deputy Quar
termaster Kimball to-day received an
order from General Miles, setting forth
that a parade of the returning Porto
Rican troops will take place in this city
on Saturday night. Colonel Kimball
was instructed to propose a suitable
camp for the men who are on their
way from Ponce in the Government
transports.
As soon as Colonel Kimball received
the order he communicated with Gov
ernor Voorhees of New Jersey to con
sult as to- the establishment of a tem
porary camp at Seagirt. Early in the
war Governor Voorhees offered to the
War Department the use of the camp
at Seagirt, and the site was inspected
by the surgeon general's assistants.
The mess halls and the kitchens erected
and the accommodations for the troops
are said to be excellent. There is plenty
of water and the camp is in a healthy
location. Colonel Kimball desires to
know if the camp is still available. No
agreement was reached to-day, though
it is probable that the camp at Seagirt
will be used.
The transports Concho and Alamo are
on their way from Ponce and they are
expected to arrive this week. Though
none of the arrangements have been
decided upon it is mo-re than probable
that the event Will be made the occa
sion of a grand review of all troops
that are able to take part, whether
they have taken part in the Porto Ri
can campaign or not. The troops that
arrived In the city on the Mississippi
Will take part in the parade. These in
clude Troops A and C, as well as the
Pennsylvania troops that returned with
them.
On the Concho are General "Wilson
and staff of the First Division, First
Army Corps and staff of the Sixth
Army Corps; detachment of United
States Engineers, Company C, unat
tached artillery, battery, field and staff;
Battery A, Missouri Volunteers; Bat
tery A, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volun
teers; Battery B, Pennsylvania Volun
teers; total, thirty-three officers and 530
enlisted men.
There Will arrive on the Alamo- Com
panies G, H and E, Second Wisconsin;
Battery A, First Illinois; Company H,
First District of Columbia; Battery C,
Pennsylvania Atriller.y, unattached; six
officers, fifty men and thirty civilian
employes; total, forty-eight officers and
545 enlisted men.
REWAPOS FOR OFFICERS
AND ENLISTED MEN
Rules Under Which Promotions and
Medals Will Be Awarded
in the Army.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— War De
partment has issued an order directing the
commanding officers of military depart
ments, army corps and detached com
mands to send to the adjutant general as
soon as practicable the names of such offi
cers In the regular and volunteer service
as may be considered entitled to brevet
commands for "distinguished conduct and
public service in the presence of th©
enemy."
Rules have also been issued governing
the award of medals to officers and en
listed men as follows: Medals of honor
will not be awarded to officers or en
listed men except fur distinguished brav
ery or conspicuous gallantry which shall
have been manifested :In action -by con
duct that distinguishes a soldier above
his comrades, and that involves risk of
life, or the performance of more than
ordinarily hazardous duty. Recommenda
tions for the award will be governed by
this interpretation of extraordinary
merit.
Recommendations should be. made only
by the officer In command at the time of
the "action," or by an officer having per
sonal cognizance of the specific act for
which the medal Is granted. The recom
mendation must be accompanied by a
detailed recital of the circumstances *r
by certificates of officers or affidavits of
enlisted men who were eye-witnesses of
the act.
The testimony must, when practicable,
embrace that of a least two witnesses
and must describe especially the act or
acts by which the person In whose behalf
the recommendation is made "most dis
tinguished" himself, and the facts In the
case must be furnished by the official re
ports of the action/record of events, mus
ter rolls and returns and descriptive lists.
WAITING ORDERS FOR
FURLOUGHFD OFFICERS
War Department Announcement
That Will Facilitate Making
of Changes.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— General order
139, published from the War Department,
directs that all commissioned officers be
longing to regiments furloughed for sixty
days be placed upon waiting orders in
stead of being furloughed like their
troops. This will facilitate the making
of any changes In the orders to regiments,
will give the officers better pay and af
ford the department a closer hold upon
them In case of need.
Another paragraph of the order places
upon the commanding officers at hospitals
the responsibility for deciding whether or
not soldiers sent home on sick furlough
shall have sleeping car accommodations,
and requires the quartermaster who Is to
be stationed at every general hospital to
honor any such requisitions.
BIG CONTRACTS FOR
SMOKELESS POWDER
Dupont and California Powder Works
Will Each Supply Half a
Million Pounds.
NEW YORK, Sept. It.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Upon the
recommendation of Captain O'Xetll, the
Navy Department, has awarded con
tracts for the manufacture of a million
pounds of smokeless powder to the Du
pont Powder Works and the California
Powder Works. Each firm will manu
facture half a million pounds. Cost will
be about $.800,000. As a result of the bat
tles of Slanlla and Santiago It is extreme
ly doubtful If the one-pounder pun will
be retained In the naval service as a feat
ure of the rapid-firinK batteries of men
of-war. The ranpre of this weapon Is not
Kreat enough, to satisfy ordnance experts
and Captain O'Neill proposes to replace,
it with three and six pounders, operated
by a semi-automatic system.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
, Th» f»9- _y? ■■■■■.'• ■■ - '- J V; v':/-v ;
LAST DAYS OF
CAMP WIKOFF
Miles Assumes Active
Charge.
REGULARS TO BE REMOVE!
WILL BE SENT SOON TO THE
ARMY POSTS.
Roosevelt's Bough Riders to Be Mus
tered Out of the Service Before
the End of the Present
Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP WIKOFF, Montauk Point,
Sept. 11. — A fall of ten degrees In the
temperature was experienced last
night. The cold wave was accompanied
by a high wind, which for several hours
threatened to blow down the tents.
The storm moderated toward morning.
The three trains that arrived to-day
brought from New York a large num
ber of Sunday visitors, who spent sev
eral hours inspecting the camp.
The transport Saratoga arrived from
Santiago to-day with about sixty
members of the Signal Corps, in com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel Frank
Green. The Saratoga also brought 250
negro laborers, who were sent to San
tiago several months ago to act as
teamsters, drivers, stevedores, etc. Two
of the negroes died of malarial fever
on the voyage. Twelve men were sick
when the steamer reached here, and
were taken to the detention hospital.
None of the cases are considered se
rious. The members of the Signal
Corps aboard were taken to the de
tention camp. The Saratoga will be
fumigated and will then go to New
York, where the negroes will land.
Colonel Roosevelt expects to have his
regiment of Rough Riders mustered out
on Thursday, when the men will go to
their homes. The officers and men of
the regiments are preparing to present
to Colonel Roosevelt a testimonial of
their regard in the form of a small
bronze statue designed by Frederick
Remington, the artist.
The general belief in Camp Wikoff to
day is that great changes will be seen
here before the present week is over.
Reports are circulated freely that Gen
eral Miles has assumed the active di
rection of the affairs of the camp and
that he intends to have all regular
troops removed from here as aoon as
possible and sent to regular army
posts.
General Bates, who is now in com
mand of Camp Wikoff. admitted to-day
that new orders had been received
from Washington in regard to the dis
position of the snlrliers here, and the
general understanding is that they will
be moved away as rapidly as possible.
AUXILIARY CRUISER
DIXIE AT BALTIMORE
Popular Demonstration to Be Made
in Honor of Her Valorous
Deeds at Porto Rico.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 11.— The United
States auxiliary cruiser, Dixie, having on
board a large number of the members of
the Maryland Naval Reserve as part of
her crew, arrived here this afternoon
from Porto Rico. While there the crew
of the Dixie took a prominent part In the
capture of Ponce, which next to San
Juan Is the principal city on the Island.
In recognition of this fact and of other
deeds of valor performed by the Dixie's
crew, a great popular reception has been
planned In this city to-morrow, which
happens to be a local holiday, known aa
"Defenders' day." and commemmoratlve
of Borne of the stirring scenes connected
with the war of 1812 which took place
in and about Baltimore.
RUMBLINGS IN VESUVIUS.
Eruptions Accompanied by Explo
sions in the Volcano.
NAPLES, Sept. 11.— There is a distinct
recrudescence of eruption from Mount
Vesuvius to-day, accompanied by rumb
lings and explosions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday
OLIVE OIL, sublime Lucca, our Impor-
tation; regularly 60c quart bottle
Bottla 450
CASTILE SOAP, Contl's Italian; regu-
larly 65c a bar Bar 50c
COAL HODS. Japanned, striped, with
shovel; regularly 40c each Now 2So
SALT. BOXES, hardwood; regularly 25c
each Now 150
CHOPPING TRATS, oblong. 17 inches
long, including mincing knife; regu-
larly 40c... Each 2So
CHOPPING TRATS, oblong, 19 inches
long. Including mincing knife; regu-
larly 65c Each 400
LA FAVORITA ZINFANDEL; regularly
$3 50 dozen quarts, 60c allowance for
empty bottles...... _ Dozen f2.90
COGNAC, "Fleur de France" brand, a
fine Imported Cognac, 27 years old,
' guaranteed; Introductory price. .Bottle 2.00
Send for September Catalogue— mailed free.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
fIhMERCES
ftjr FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
JL FOB WEAK WOMEM.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■«- Special Ist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rn' experience. .
Patients cured at Ilome. Terms reasonable. HoursO :
, to 3 dally; 8:30 to 8:30 ev'gm Sundays, 10 to 11 Consul-
- tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreas
■ l>r. P. ROBCOE SIeHUI/nr,
2«% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' %
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
«*::_ , ■ ©
JCITYOF|||| PARIS |
® DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
I FALL OPENING NEW SILKS 1
© • ®
| Monday, September 12. ®
1 RICH NOVELTY STRIPES AND PLAID SILKS. i
© r : :^.y. ®
©50 pieces FRENCH POPLINS, all the latest shades, $1.50 yard ©
® ®
© 100 pieces WIDE IMPORTED DRESS TAFFETAS, ®
© exceptionally good values, immense variety of- shades, $1.00 yard ®
© 500 pieces PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE LINING |
© TAFFETAS, At 75 and 85c per yard ©
© • __________ * ©
I BLACK SILKS AND SATINS! |
® COMPRISING: ®
® BAYADERE TAFFETAS, STRIPED MOIRE SATINS, BROCADES, ©
® POPLINS, DUCHESSE AND FANCY WEAVES. ®
® . ©
® '. ©
® COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ®
© . ©
5 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
© S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. ©
® * UNION SQUARE. ®
© ®
®(B®®®®®®®®® ®®®®©®®®®®®®®©©©©©©©©©©©©-.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Beg To-night. Every Evening. Except Sunday.
Matinee Saturday. Limited Engagement.
MODJESKA,
Supported by a Thoroughly Competent Company
of legitimate Payers Repertoire-First V .eek.
TO-NIGHT and Thursday, "MART STUART ;
Tuesday, "MAGDA": Wednesday and Saturday
Evenings ■•MACBETH'; Friday, "i .A.MILLE .
Saturday Matinee. "AS YOU LIKE IT" Next
Week-A NTONY AND CLEOPATRA." Com-
ing-"AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
For One Week Only. A War Time Comedy.
Charles H. Hoyt's
A MILK WHITE FLAG.
MART MARBLE AS THE ORPHAN.
60— CLEVER COMPANIONS-**)
Creating a Comic Sufficiency That Drives Dull
Care Away.
September 19— NANCE O'NEIL.
IOBOSGO'S GRAND
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOC.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Elaborate Revival of the Sterling Melodrama,
THE LANK LIIM
The Great London Adelphla Theater Success.
SPECIALLY ENGAGED
' The Charming Actress,
MISS GRACE FOSTER,
Also ISIS MATNARD and LITTLE ROSE
BENNETT.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
WEEK COMMENCING SEPTEMBER U.
A Complete and Perfect Ensemble.
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW.
DEL PUENTE.
CORINNE.
THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS.
JOHN BYRNE.
POWERS & HYDB. „
The Famous Eccentric Comedians,
BURT & WHITMAN.
EDITH HALL as "GEISHA."
POWERS & HYPE and Twenty Others In a
Grand Cake Walk.
Popular Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c;
Box Seats, 50c. Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Any Seat, 25c; Children, 10c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON. " -
TO-NIGHT. Also Wednesday, Friday and Sat-
urday Evenings. ••< AIOIKX "
Mary Linck as the Cigarette Girl.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. Also Thursday and
Sunday Evenings, Special Saturday Matinee,
"LA TRAVIATA." Anna Llchter as Vloletta.
Excellent Casts. Correct Costumes. Appro-
priate Accessories.
NEXT WEEK— Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday Evenings. First Times in This
City, Goldmark's Biblical Work. "THE QUEEN
OF SHEBA." Tuesday, Wednesday, ■ Friday
Evenings. Special Saturday Matinee, "MAR-
; THA." Popular Prices— 2".c and 50c. N. B.— A
: Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. N. B.—
'. Telephone, Bush 9. . " ■ .
AT fA7AD Seats by Phone,
±\L~iKs r\.Z^r\r\ MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK— DOUBLE
BILL.
: At 8:15, Charles S. Fawcett's Laughable Farce,
Entitled
"A TRAGEDY."
At 8:45, Powers' Chinese Play,
"THE FIRST BORN!"
| Prices,' l. r »c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
COMEDY THEATER.
EVERT EVENING.
THE PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY «
In a Humorous Satire, '
"V/I/O/VIPLIN'S WIT,"
I By Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco. Only Matinee Sat-
urday. Prices— Evening, 15. 25, 35, f.O and 75
I cents; Matinee, 23. 35 and 50 cents. Seats Two
i Weeks in Advance. Comedy Theater and I 710
Market street. Next Monday— Wilder' Wives
I Coming— Corson Clarke in "What Hap-
pened to Jones."
CHUTES and ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
Tremendous hit of PEARL HAIGHT, the
"American ANNA HELD"; ORO. CLIFFORD
and ORO; EMIL CHEVRIAL: COTTON and
MOLL; MAE TUNISON and EUSAPIA.
SEE * THE 810 BULL FIGHT!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children. 6c.
GRAND CLOSING BALL and RECEPTION
OF—
THE IRISH FY\IR
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TUESDAY NIGHT, SEPTEMBER 13.
Tickets, $1 00, Including Hat Rack Privileges
. Invitations Only. , Ladles Free
DON'T MISS IT.
SUTRQ BATHS."
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 r>. m
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 3C3 C
Bathing, admission. 25c; children. 20c.
01 YMPII Edd f'f cor - Mason— GREAT NEW
ft^ 1 i!ir»S I J'V >P STAR ARTISTS. J CON-
woMmnpr? l^^ Acrobats; MARTIN'S
' Sv^HfV? l^! ?° GS : ' MAE> ELINE ; TRIXE-
Matin'ee'iunday. 1 " and ° therß - Adm^°n *ree.
.-.-■■ . ■ . ■ . ■ ■ ■■.■■■■
AMUSEMENTS. ".
ANOTHER GREAT HIT.
BESSIE BONEHILL, Character Artist.
HINES & REMINGTON in "The Road
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY in His •
Greatest Part. "The Old Musician."
THE SEVEN TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS, the
Whirlwinds of the Desert.
IRENE FRANKLIN, Singing Comedienne.
THE PASQUALIS AND SIGNOR ABRAM-
OFF in the Prison Scene from "Faust."
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
New Act, "Cupid in the Park."
CHARLES BARON and His Lion Imitators.
THE BIOGRAPH. Wonderful New Views.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads where there are no
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to The Call Subscription
Department.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from Ban Francisco, via Is*
Gatos; 6 months round trip ticket, U. or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 110x71
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequ&lcd.
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manage*.
B,_ Hotel new CONTRA with
(YRON..CO3TACO.,
Botel new throughout; lighted with
i acetyllne gas; hot salt baths, ear*
■ rheumatism; new and commodious
m swimming tank; sclentlfla sanitary
■ methods; rates low. Address
"_ A. BETTENB,
HOT SPRINGS Manai«p.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Franelaea.
ONE OP NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and S2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
"•"E REST and HEALTH
ORCHARD
Id the foothills of the glfrrs •nC.r.8.8,
Plain, qnlet retreat, finest ictntrf. mt«r. monntsln sir,
fruit, and all the year around clinate in California, . -
Idemlgroandiuidramnndlnp. On R. IL, I 3« milet fr«aSao Fna.
$8 a week. Open all year. Scad for BoikUt
Address: Orchard Surinam. rhiear> Park, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The best pleasure and health resort and
mineral springs in California. Terms IS to
i $12. Round trip 13 75.
. FRESH & JUERGENSEN. Mark West
rprlnc. Sonoma County, Cal.
oooooooooooooooooq
S™ ? PALACE '"I
°GFtAND hotels o
i o BAH FXANCiSCO.
I*T Connected by a covered passageway. . . Jf ■
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THS PHICKB: <J
_ European Plan. l.oo per day and upward rt
W American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward vl
, Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
! 0 JOHN 0. KiaSFATRICK, Maaagtir. Q
go 000 o o o o oqoooqo o
vTtalis
jtssf^. kjotoctaphsd THE NEW
f^^m iSifc! 11 rociinu
THE ABOVE RESULTsJaota Day. [ '^m^6gS'
It quickly and surely re- — i ~ ™v^^ •
moves = Nervousness, Impotency, I 80 Day. ,••■
' Nightly • Emissions, Evil Dreams, 1 ,-
Wasting diseases and all effects Of self-abuse at
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Waids off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others falL Insist
on having VITAL.IS. no other. Can be carried la
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six
for $5,00 with a guarantee to Care or lie fund
the Money. Circular Free. Address ■*■■
CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. B. P.. and Oakland. '; ■
56
FOR FREEDOM
THE CHAMPION
Wins the Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
RESULT NEVER IN DOUBT
WAIT A LITTLE CAPTURES THE
PRODUCE PRIZE.
Defeats Billy Gladstone for One of
the Classic Events of the Year.
Morning Glory Also
"*• Wins.
For Freedom, the Invincible, all-con
quering representative of J. H. Rosseter,
romped away with the champion stake at
Union Coursing Park yesterday. He was
drawn against Curtis & Son's great bitch,
Rosette, in the first round and an un
usually large- crowd of leashmen went to
the park to see the crack daughter of
Emm Pasha make the English dog ex
tend himself.
Unfortunately, her kennel mate, Vanity
Fair, bit her and she was not fit to go to
the slips. For Freedom, In consequence
ran a bye In the first round. In the next
he met Theron, and, although he ran
sluggishly, he yon handily. However,
this served as a pipe-open and he retired
Maud S to her kennel without difficulty.
This brought him into the final, where
he met Lord Byron. He was made a pro
hibitive favorite, the odds ruling ten to
one. He led across the field scoring re
peatedly. The hare favored Lord Byron
for a while, but he could not overcome
the lead of For Freedom, who was re
turned the winner by Judge Bell.
The Produce stake, one of the classic
events of the year among coursing men,
being a companion race to the futurity
among horsemen, was won by T. Barre's
Walt a Little. The earlier rounds were
disposed of on Friday and Saturday, leav
ing only the crack dogs to contest yester
day. Walt a Little led up from Blips,
turned the hare and scored a number or
points before Gladstone was placed. The
latter could not even up the score before
the hare disappeared through the escape.
The selling stake was won by Morning
Glory, a two to fivo favorite. White Lily
was the runner uu. The former was bid
in for the owner at $230 and the latter for
HBS.  ,
The attendance was unusually large
yesterday and In fact for the three days.
* A meeting of the committee appointed
by the Inter-State Coursing Club to ar
range for an open meeting at Merced,
was held during the afternoon, Neither
the date nor the location was definitely
Bdected. Several places were offered. The
meeting will probably be held late in >.o
vember at which time the early rains
will have prepared the Holds for the dogs.
The patrons of the park were afforded
miserable service by the Southern Pacific
Company. With the exception of one
car the" two afternoon trains were made
up 'of old-fashioned emigrant cars, with
iron Beats. Three extra cars were at
tached to the evening train— or these
were fitted with upholstered seats. The
results follow in detail:
Champion Stake— Russell & Wilson's Jennie
Wilson beat J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips; Cur
tis & - n s Maud S beat Pasha Kennel's Finn
Friend- George Whitney's Theron beat A. John
son's Mountain Beauty: Pasha Kennel's For
Freedom, a bye; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron
beat Curtis & Son's Cavalier; J. Con null's Log
Boy beat H. E. de B. Lopez's Green Valley
Second round— Maud S beat Jennie Wilson;
For Freedom beat Theron; Lord Byron beat
Log Boy. __ . _ , .
Third round — For Freedom beat Maud S; Lord
Byron, a bye.
Final— Freedom beat Lord Byron.
California Produce stake, fourth round—
Gladstone beat Meta: Heat Assured beat Wild
Tralee: Wait a Little, a bye.
Fifth round— Walt a Little beat Rest As
sured; Billy Gladstone, a bye.
Final round— T. Barre's Walt a Little beat J.
Eiigan's Billy Gladstone.
Spiling stake, second Bendalong beat
Babe Murphy: Bendlg-o beat Van Knapp; Syl
vanite beat White Lip; Little Doubt beat Re
venge; Morning Glory beat Burlington; Golden
Eagle beat Rapid: Mission Boy beat Jersey
Lily; Seldom beat Arapahoe; Decorator beat
Defender; White Lily beat The Gossoon; Vig
ilant beat Peaceful Glen; Gilt Edge beat
Obadlah.
Third round— Bendalong beat Bendlgo; Little
Doubt beat Sylvanlte; Morning Glory beat
Golden Eagle; Seldom beat Mission Boy; White
Lily beat Decorator; Gilt Edge beat Vigilant.
Fourth round— Doubt beat Bendalong;
Morning Glory, a bye; White Lily beat Gilt
Edge.
Fifth round— Morning Glory beat Little
Doubt; White Lily, a bye.
Final round— J. Edmonds' Morning Glory,
w. bk. b. by Skyrocket-Valley Queen, beat J.
McCcrmlck'B White Lily, bl. w. b. by Whip-
Rose.
MIAXMO IS CHAMPION.
She Captured the Stake at Ingleside
Yesterday in Handy Fashion.
The attendance at the Ingrleslde Cours
ing Park was unusually large yesterday,
owing, no doubt, to fine weather. The
sport was good and everybody seemed to
go away satisfied. In the maiden stake.
Master Mat won first money and Lanky
Bob, who was primed for the occasion
on stimulant, secured the place. He would
undoubtedly have won the stake but in
the bye he ran before the finals he was
up against a hare that was a regular
"nail driver" and simply wore him out,
spoiling his chance as a stake winner.
D. Shannon's young dog Safeguard also
ran a very severe course with Mystic and
was consequently withdrawn on account
of the severe grilling the dog had under
gone.
In the Champion stake, Mialmo was de
clared winner and Flying Buck, of lurch
er fame, was runner up. Koolawn ran in
good form until the third round, when
he became very wild and was off his
game during most of the course.
The betting public broke about even.
At the commencement of the day a num
ber of short bidders won, but toward trie
close of the racing the hounds were run
ning more to form and long shot and
short enders were conspicuous by their
absence. The results follow:
Maiden stake, second round— James I.
O'Brien's Statesman beat J. .I. O'Brien 1 !)
Bharkey; Dillon & Keilly's Revolver beat J.
Cox's Mission Tip: Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe
beat J. Cox's Clifton Lass; Deckelman & Pa
no's Royal Oak beat A. Van den Burgh's
Hotmon; James Byrne's Nelly B beat J. Dean's
Brllllantlne; J. Farley's Tullamore beat P.
Gaftney's Lorraine; J. Farley's Mystic beat D.
Shannon's Safeguard; }*. K«-ll!y's Master Mat
beat 8. Haasea'a L. S. Conley; G. H. Bur
fflii.l's Van Kirk beat J. Murnane's Miss Divi
dend; G. Hcrzoz's Lanky Bob beat Derby Ken
nel's Little Dorrlt; M. Ryan's Kill Boy ran a
bye. , . .
Third SU.Usman beat Revolver; Royal
Oak teat Phoebe. Nelly B beat Tullamore;
Waster Mat beat Mystic; Van Kirk beat Kill
Boy; Lanky Bob ran a by
Fourth round — Oak beat Statesman
Master Mat beat Nelly B; Lanky Bob beat Van
Kirk.
Fifth round— Lanky Bob beat' Royal' Oak;
Master Mat ran a bye.
Final round— Master Mat beat Lanky Bob.
Champion stake, first round — J. Mclner
ney's Johnny R beat Russell & Wilson's Glen
Rosa; P. J. <;. Kenna's Royal Buck beat Huh
■ell & Wilson's Lary Ilerschel; J. Dean's
Mialmo beat J. Btaeehan'a Lass o' Gowrle: G.
Burfdnd'H Royal Prise - beat D. Shannon's
Systematic; Handy & Smith's Victor beat
Lowe & Thompson's. Prince Hal; O'Nell & Han
rahan's Mercury. b«at Handy & Smith's Ida;
IX Hooper's Koolawn beat P.-;Gaftn«»y's Sir
John Arnold; D. Shannon's Soubrette boat
L:ukey & Rock's Liberty Bell; P. J. G. Kenna's
Flying Buck beat T. J. Mclnerney's Rosle R;
P. [trophy's Benicia Boy beat Kay & Tram's
Crosspatch;' 3. Dean's Gladiator beat O'Nell &
Hanrnhan's Promise Me: Lowe & Thompson's
I'ntrla beat I. L. Sear's Hot' Stuff.
Second round— Lady JWs»*hel beat Johnny R;
Mlalrao beat Royal Prize; Victor beat Mercury;
Koolawn bent • Soubrette; 'Flying Buck beat
l!<-n)rla Boy; Gladiator b«-at Patria.
Third round — Mialmo beat lifldy '-' Herscbel;
Victor beat Koolawn; Flying Buck beat ' Gla
diator. .. ■
Fourth . round— Mialmo beat Victor; Flying
Buck ran a bye. ■
Final round— Mialmo beat Flying Buck.
Orpheum Lass Won.
LOB ANGELES, Sept. IL— To-day went
RATHER BE DEAD THAN ALIVE.
Willard D. Baker, ex-Secretary to the United States
Minister in Japan, Attempts to Commit Suicide.
Wlllard D. Baker, who until six weeks ago occupied the position of
secretary of the United States legation at Toklo, Japan, and private sec
retary to Hon. A. E. Buck, the United States Minister, attempted to com
mit suicide yesterday morning: in
the Clifford House, 204 Ellis street,
where he roomed.
Baker arrived In the city on Au
gust 17 from Japan and registered
at the Occidental Hotel. He re
mained there a week and then
took a room In the Clifford House.
Yesterday morning: about 10
o'clock the Japanese servant's at
tention was attracted by a strong
smell of gas In the corridor of
the second floor. He Investigated
every room but could not locate
the leak. As a last resort he
tried the toilet room, but found
the door locked. This aroused his
suspicion, and entering the room
adjoining: he crawled out of the
window and made his way into
the room. He found Baker lying
unconscious on the floor and the
gas escaping from the burner.
The tip had been taken off by
Baker so as to allow the fullest
possible escape of gas. The ser
vant Immediately ran outside and
notified Policemen Burns and
Hightower, who rang for the am
bulance and carried Baker out
Into the street. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital where the
usual remedies were applied and
he quickly revived.
Baker was very reticent and refused to talk. He admitted, however,
that he had "fallen all to pieces." as he expressed it, from drink, and
would rather be dead than alive. His money was all gone and he had
been forced to pawn his watch.
From papers in his possession It appears that he resigned his position
In Japan about the end of July to start in the oil business in Chicago.
He had been in correspondence with Swain's Lubricator Company In Chi
cago with that object in view. There was a letter from Minister Buck
to the Collector of Customs, Tacoma, dated July 28, requesting that the
usual courtesies be extended to Baker on his arrival there. He had also
a letter of introduction to H. J. McCoy, of the Young Men's Christian
Association, which he had apparently not delivered, and several cards of
saloonkeepers and pawnbrokers.
His family live in Augusta, Me., and one of his sister 9 is now In Japan
writing /or the magazines.
on record as one of the hottest of the
stnson. but it did not seem to affect the
size of the crowd which witnessed tho
coursing at Agricultural Park.
In the run offs Ltrto bent Dan C; Amorlta
beat Romeu; Raff Ha by bent Black Diamond;
Stella beat May Day; Fin-ball beat Lady Ag
■ nes; Van Brulle beat Clover Leaf; Poneaster
I beat ARC; Ltllle B b-at t.'ncle Tom; Mule
I'Wk beat Maid of Erin; Fleetfoot beat Resale
It" i'ncle Sam beat Five of Diamonds; Kitty
E tt beat Lady Wallace; The Ghost bent
■ 'rpheum Prince beat Ormonde; Rose
wood bßit Reliance; Orpheum Lass beat New
In the first ties I/Irto beat Amorlta: Stella
beat liag- Raby; Juliet beat Van Hrulle, a
bye; Lillie B beat Doncaster; Little Dick beut
Fleetfoot; Kitty St-ntt beat Uncle Sam; Or-
I'hfiim Prince beat The Ghost; Orpheum l.ass
beat Rosewood.
In the second ties Stella beat Llrlo; Lillie
B beat Amorita a bye; Little Dick beat Kitty
Scott; Orpheum Lacs beat Orpheum Prince.
In the third ties Lillie B beat Stella; Or
pheum Lass beat LIUIB Dick.
In the finals Orpheum Lass won. Lillie B sec
ond. Stella third.
HUNTER FIRES INTO
A RANCH HOUSE
Mistakes a Lamp for a Deer's Eye
and Fatally Wounds a Little
Girl.
SAN RAFAEI,, Sept 11.— News reached
this city to-night of an accident at In
verness, near Point Reyes, last night,
which may cost the life of the 14-year-old
daughter of a prosperous farmer, named
Berry. Mr. and Mrs. Berry and their
two children, a boy and a girl, were sit
ting: around the supper table shortly after
dark, eating their evening meal, when the
crack of a rifle was heard In the distance
and simultaneously with the report a
rifle ball crashed through the window.
The bullet first struck the little boy, who
was seated near the window, in the
shoulder and glancing from a bone entered
the abdomen of the daughter.
The cries of the wounded children,
drove the poor wife nearly frantic, and
Berry bad considerable trouble calming
her sufficiently to leave her in charge of
the children while he ran for a doctor.
Ab soon as the physician arrived he per
ceived that the boy's wound was super
ficial, but that the girl was perhaps fatal
ly wounded. All the medical assistance
possible was rendered her, but protlng
failed to find the bullet and to-day she
was taken to San Francisco for skillful
treatment.
It was learned to-day that the bullet
was fired by a hunter named Scribes. lie
said that he had been looking for deer.
and in the gloom thought he perceived
a gleaming eye a short distance away and
fired. The eye could have been nothing
more nor less than the lamp In the farm
er's dining-room. Scribes' carelessness is
censured and if the girl dies he may be
arrested.
HOLDS TWO THOUSAND
SHEEP FOR TRESPASS
Arrowhead Reservoir Company Be
gins the Fight Against Illegal
Foraging.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 11.— The
first steps toward suppressing Illegal for
aging on the San Bernardino forest reser
vation by sheep owners was taken yester
day when the Arrowhead Reservoir Com
pany eorraied 2000 sheep atier warning
the herder off Its raluable l!tt!e Bear Val
ley tract, and are holding them for tres-
pass. The condition Is becoming serious
on the reserve, threatening the» water
supply of the valley. Last spring the
Government decided to put patrolmen on
the reserve and grant the sheepmen the
privilege of drivlii" across under Govern
ment guides to leased grazing ground on
the other side; but It added the proviso
that the sheep men pay the guides Jl CO
a day each, hence it wants the guides'
Interest, as well as to the sheep men's, to
go slow. Thus immense tracts have been
grazed over. The sheep eat everything
grown, even young trees, standing oh
their hind legs to strip the bark and
•branches as high up as they can reach.
The ground is left unprotected and is
washed away easily by rains and water
not retained by the soil.
The number of sheep on the reserve Is
enormous.
LIGHTNER MINE FLOODED.
Water Breaks Through From the
Coleman Adjoining.
ANGEI^S CAMP. Sept. 11— The water
in the Coleman mine broke through and
flooded the Llghtner mine up to within
! 125 feet Of the surface this morning at
about 2 o'clock. The skips of the Llght
ner shaft are stuck at the 200 foot level
and all facilities for unwatering are hunt
up. The mine was not being worked at
the time. Had there been any one work
ing loss of life would have occurred.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— Henry Brack
en, a moldf>r employed at the Union Iron
Works was drowned in the river
while swimming to-day. Bracken
leaves a bi other who resides at Butte,
Mont., and a sister at Port Townsond,
Wash. The remains have not been recov
ered.
Drowned While Intoxicated.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11.— The body of
an unknown man was found in China
Slough, near the railroad depot this morn
ing. It is supposed he wandered Into the
pond while under the Influence of liquor.
He was about 35 years of age and had
black hair and a stubby beard.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Buah and Lnrkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 152, 1898.
RIFLE RECORD
BADLY SMASHED
F. P. Schuster Sets a
New High Mark.
RUN OF TWO THIRTY FOUR
d. w. Mclaughlin ahead in
AN ALL-COMERS' MATCH.
Utschig, Bremer, Rodgers and Mason
Well to the Front — Inde
pendent Rifles' Prize
Contests.
One of the principal events of yester
day's shoot at the Shell Mound rifle range
was a record-breaking string by Fred P.
Schuster of the Germania Schuetzen Club.
In a ten shot run in the |75 diamond
medal match he made 24, 2H, 23, 25, 24. 21.
22, 24, 25, 21—234, German twenty-five ring
target count. This is without doubt the
highest score ever made on this coast on
the target named in a regular program
med match. Schuster's new mark
will give the Eastern shots something to
think of for some time.
To the ordinary observer the day for
rifle shooting was perfect, but It was not
all satisfactory to the riflemen. A little
wind to carry off the heated air that
arose from the range would have been
acceptable, and with one or two excep
tions the murksmen voted to call It a
"hoodoo" day. Following on the lead of
Schuster, and In the same match, came
John Utschig, who made a creditable score
of 228 In ten shots. O. A. Bremer of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club carried
off the honors, by making 51, Columbia
target count, on his medal string, in the
same club, D. W. McLaughlln pulled
ahead In the ten score all-comers rllle
match, his total now standing «0 points.
On* of the principal events n tne park
and range was the twenty-first annual
picnic and prize shooting of the Independ
ent Ritters. All of the members and their
families were In attendance and the ladies
and their escorts enjoyed dancing and the
other amusements that go with auch
gatherings, while the marksmen spent
the day on the range shooting for a larg«
number of cash and merchandise prizes.
The. officers of the Rifles and the commit
tee of arrangement were: Sergeant O.
Schneider, Corporal P. H. Schoenig. John
Schleemann, Sergeant C. H. Kornbeck.
Captain L. Schneider, First Lieutenant
E Moennlng. Second I,leuteant John
Staude, Recording Secretary J. Svang, Fi
nancial Secretary C. Andrews, Treasurer
H. Goetjen, Sergeant at Arms 11. 1 eyge—
Committee of arrangements.
The rifle shooting was with the military
musket, five shots to the score, on the
Blunt target. The winners and their
scores were the following:
E Jacobsen 22, Berßpßnt George Mitchell
22 Sergeant C. Andrews 21, J. Kuhlke 20, E.
Il'elmke 20, 11. Tonnemacher 20, lieutenant .1.
Staude 19, F. H. Laun 19. lieutenant E. Moen
nlng 18. Corporal P. Schoenig 18, 11. Menke 18,
O 13. Worthington 18. J. A. Stang 18. C. Gll
berson 18 J. Schneider IS, Sergeant Schneider
17. J. Wlldermuth IT. H. Joost 17. 11. Staude
17, P. Standlan 16, Captain L. Schneider 14,
Sergeant H. Schltchtmann H, It. A. Morris 14,
E B "We! gel 13, C. F. Fredrlchson 13, Corporal
H. Froderickson 11, H. Fegge 11. J. Bchllcht
man 10, Sergeant C. Kornbeck 10.
The other scores made by the members
of the several clubs were as are here
given:
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. bullseye
match for cash prizes, ( machine measurement—
1. F Runt, 100 degrees; 2, F. Koch, 207; 3, H.
Stelling, 442 : 4, O. Lemcke, 449; 5. John Thode,
761; 6, John Gefkln, £62; 7, John DeWlt, 871;
8 F P Schuster, 945; 9, J. L<ankenau. 1088;
10, IX Salsneld, 1122.
San Franrlaco Schtietzen Club, monthly class,
twenty shots, German twenty-five ring target-
Chcmplon claes, F. P. Schuster, 426 rings; first
class, N'U-k Ahrens, 419; second. John Gefkln.
382; third, R. Stettin. 407 (final); fourth class,
I) Salsfield, 38«; Iwst shot, 1,. Bendel, 24; best
last shot, X, Ahrcns, 23.
German Schuetzen Vereln, monthly class
medals, 20 shots, German twenty-five ring tar
get-First, champion class. Dr. v. O. Rodgers,
43S rings; second, champion class, L,. Bendel,
3SB; first class, H. Htelllng, 399; second claag.
J. Gefkln, 390; third class, William Goetze, 362;
best first shot, F. P. Schuster, 24; best last
nhot. William Goatee 2f..
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly class
medals, ten shots, Columbia target, rifle
Champion class— D. W. McLousthlln, T)6; F. E.
Mason, 66. First class— O. A. Bremer, 51. Sec
ond clasp— A. Hlnteman, 116; M. J. Barley, 11T.
Third class— E. N". Moor, 99; C. F. Waltham
119.
Re-entn* rifle matches, same conditions—
Memliers' rifle medal— O. A. Bremer, 5(!, 03; J
E. Gorman, 69, 73. All-comers' rifle medal— l)'
\V. Mclaughlin. 46, H7; F. E. Mason, 51, 53; Dr.
R<xVfrK, S4. llushnell military rifle medal C
F. Waltham, 45.
Pistol, fifty yards, ten shots, Columbia target
mMais for members only— Champion class— Dr
Rodgers. 49; C. M. Oaiss. 50; J. E. Gormah 59-
M. J. White, 74. First class— G. M. Barley 46-
F. E. Mason, 72: D. W. MrLaughlin, 73. Sec
ond class— A. Hlnterman, SI: Mrs. M. J. White
84; C. F. Waltham, 120. Third class— Mrs C.
F. Waltham, 74"; J. P. Cnsgrnve, 76; Mrs G
Mannell, KO; G. Mannell, 80,
Re-entry matches, Siobe pistol medal, open to
all comers— C. M. Dalss, 33, 39; J. P Coscrave
M. 61; G. M. Barley. 61. * c'e '
Small rifle, 22 and 23 caliber and Roos trophy
for ladles-Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 33. 34, 40; Mrs'
Q. Mannell, 12.
INQUIRY BOARD
NOT COMPLETED
Chosen Men Reluctant
to Serve.
M'KINLEY IS DISAPPOINTED
GORDON, LINCOLN AND LAMONT
DECLINE.
Dr. Keene and Generals Schofield,
Manderson and Saxton Have
Accepted Places on the
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKlnley is experienceing diffi
culty in procuring men of prominence
to serve on the committee to Investi
gate the conduct of the war. Of nine
members selected, and whose names
were published In the Herald this
morning, three have declined to serve,
and several others have asked for time
to consider the matter. Up to this
time only four of the nine are likely to
be sure to serve — Dr. W. H. Keene of
Philadelphia, Lieutenant General Scho
field, General Manderson and General
James Saxton.
General J. B. Gordon and former Sec
retaries of War Lincoln and Lamont
have declined to serve — all on account
of ill-health.
The President, I understand, is great
ly disa^- olnted by the letters of decli
nation he has received. He takes the
ground that the duty is an important
one — as important in a certain sense
as a call to arms. He Is particularly
anxious to make the committee a
strong one, and the list which he made
un comprises men of such high char
acter as to leave no doubt as to his
sincerity of purpose in making the in
vestigation thorough and effective.
Tho War Department had a compar
atively r-ulet day, although the ad
jutant general's office was open
throughout the day, expediting the
mustering out and furlouerhing of
troops in various sections. General
Corbin made his usual call on the
President to-night to sum up the de
velopments of the day, but he said
there was nothing of an important
character. No word had come from
Manila.
There are no more volunteer troops
at Montauk Point, eleven regiments of
regulurs beln" the only troops remain
ing, except those detained in hospitals.
General Corbin says Camp Wlkoff has
practically completed the service for
which It was established, but that no
final conclusion has been reached yet
as to the ordering away the remaining
regiments and disposing of the camp.
ALGER PLEASED WITH
M'KINLEY'S SELECTIONS
DETROIT, Sept. 11.— Secretary Alger
this afternoon expressed himself as well
pleased at the President's selection of
members of the commlslon to Investi
gate the condition of the commissary,
quartermaster and medical depart
ments of the War Department during
the war. On the subject of sickness
among the soldiers, General Alger
said:
"The whole trouble has been in the
volunteer troops not knowing how to
care for themselves and carelessness in
warding off disease. The regular men
have not been troubled as the volun
teers have. They have had yellow
fever and fevers from exposure in the
trenches before Santiago, but their gen
eral health has been good and the pro
portion of sickness and deaths from
sickness Is very small.
"The most stringent orders have been
issued In regard to keeping the camps
clean. After my tour of inspection, I
will go over the whole situation care
fully and it is possible that a new set
of regulations that will be better, may
be Issued.
"The day before I left Washington,"
said General Alger, "I called Surgeon
General Sternberg Into my office and
told him I wanted to build winter hos
pitals for six thousand men. We will
have our hospitals if we have to raise
the six thousand to sixty thousand.
They will be located at points where
they can be reached by transports, al
though just where, it is not yet deter
mined. One of the hospitals, however,
will be at Havana. It will be built just
as soon as our troops are sent to the
island. I do not know what they have
in the city in the shape of hospitals
now, but I very much doubt if we
would want to take any of their in
fected buildings for hospitals for our
soldiers."
Brigadier General Duffield arrived
home to-day from the coast of Maine,
where he has been recuperating from
illness contracted during the Santiago
campaign. Secretary Alger visited him
this evening.
CHILE GATHERING DVTA
REGARPING OUR WAR
Making Use of the Lessons It Taught
in Preparation for a Clash
With Argentina.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— A Washington
npeclal to the Herald says: In anticipa
tion of a conflict with Argentina, agents
of Chile are scouring all available data
from American officers regarding their ex
periences in the late war with Spain, in
order that the navy of their Government
may be heneflted by tha lessons which
it taught.
This statement Is made on the best au
thority and Is an indication of the strain
ed relations existing between the two
countries. It is violating no Confidence
to say that the representatives of Chile,
who have been collecting the information,
have not waited for the mails to carry
what they learned to Santiago, ijut tli'e
cable has been freely used in order that
their Government may have all the tlmo
possible to take advantage of the lessons
whicii the recent war taught. It has been
the aim of Amerlcfin officers to impress
upon the Chileans the value of gunnery,
and while the officials do not positively
know it, they believe the Chileans are
engaged in target practice for the pur
pose of being prepared in the prospective
struggle with Argentina.
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS
AND SUNK IN A RIVER
Fate of a Negro Who Assaulted a
White Woman — Armed Mob
Vows Vengeance.
BROOK STATION, Ga., Sept. 11.— The
body of George Burton, a negro, who as
saulted Mrs. Coggins, was found this
morning in the Flint River about three
miles below Digby. ri(idled with bullets.
A rock weighing several hundred pounds
was tied to it.
Tho news has reached here that two or
three hundred negroes are marching to
Dlgrby armed with guns and rifles, swear-
Ing vengeance. Every white man in town
is going armed.
REVOLT IN
THE CAROL INE
ISLANDS
Spanish Garrison Said
to Be Wiped Out.
NATIVES COMBINE AGAINST IT
A VIGOBOT7S AND SUCCESSFUL
ATTACK ON PONAPE.
Gunboat Quioros Thought to Have
Been Captured by the Ladrone
Garrison of Ameri
cans.
Private advices have been received
In this city to the effect that the Caro
line group of Islands, which this coun
try contemplated seizing, had war with
Spain been prolonged, Is probably by
this time in the hands of the natives of
the group and that the Spanish garri
son is wiped out. The story comes
from Honolulu whither it was brought
by a small trading schooner which had
touched at the Carolines.
Two native kings of the group who
had long been at war with each other
some months ago declared a truce,
combined their forces and began war
against the Spanish authorities.
The Spaniards were concentrated at
Ponape, and it was here that the na
tives made their attack. The blacks
attacked with such vigor ar..l in such
numbers that the Spanish were com
pelled to retreat and take shelter in
their barracks, which they held.
The gunboat Quioros was then dis
patched to Guam for aid. But on ar
riving there she found the American
flag floating and the only gunboat on
duty at that port missing. The Quioros
did not return to Tap In the Caroline
group, and it was thought that she was
lost. The supposition was that she had
gone to "join Dewey" and that the La
drone garrison of Americans have pos
session of her.
There were 200 soldiers in Ponape,
but they were poorly supplied with am
munition and in no position to resist
a prolonged attack. The supposition
is that the place was captured and the
Spanish garrison wiped out.
The entire group, unless the Span
iards made an unexpected stand, must
be by this time in the possession of
the natives.
The American missionaries are prob
ably safe, as they stand well with the
natives, who, though they may not love
missionaries particularly, love the
Americans.
The story is confirmed by James
Wilder of Honolulu, who reccntlv re
turned to Hawaii from a tour in the
Carolines. He said that at that time
the natives were much discontented
and were preparing: for a revolt. He
also said that Americans were wel
comed by the natives.
RESTORING ORDER IN CRETE.
Demand for the Expulsion of the
Bashi Bazouks.
CANDIA, Island of Creto, Sept. 11.— The
foreign admirals have sent an identical
telegram to their respective Governments
requesting the expulsion from Crete of
15,000 Bashi Bazouks on the island. The re
call of the Turkish troops and authorities
and the appointment of a Governor Gen
eral is desired by the Cretans.
Coming Out of Her Hiding Place.
ASCTNCION, Paraguay, Sept. 11.— The
Spanish torpedo gunboat Temerarlo,
which sought refuge here during the
Spanish-American war, is about to sail.
She will go first to Buenos Ayres.
Famous New York Divine Dead.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Rev. Dr. Albert
S. Hull, aged 72 years, for twenty years
secretary of the American Bible Society
died to-day at his home in Brooklyn of
bronchitis.
To Change Alaska's Capital.
SEATTLE, Sept. 11.— A convention is
likely to be held soon at Juneau to ask
Congress to change the capital from Sitka
to a more central place, and also to ap
ply for a new code of laws.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.
Our success during the past seventeen years
has convinced us that we can cure all dis-
eases find weakness of men. The price of a
cure may be deposited In any bank or repu-
table business house in San Francisco, to be
paid to us when the patient Is (satisfied, and
NOT BEFORE.
Correspondence and all transactions sacredly
confidential. Private book and advice free at
office or by mall.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
TAVE El EVATAD f?' rir f dal! , y 81° 12—1 to 5 -
1 ARC CLtVAIUK Evenings 7 to 8.
Sundays 9 to 11.
Munyon'sHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be In every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
Dad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
repilarltles sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipatlon, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2B cts. a box. At Druußlsts
;or by mail. EADWAY & CO., New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
-■-■-■-■-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-B-B ' •
CITY OF J§|| PARIS:
DRY GOODS COMPANY, r
• m
CLOAK and SUIT DEPARTMENT. i
Its popularity Is dally Increasing, which is a positive B
proof of our keeping the correct styles at the n -
right prices. v
We are showing the handsomest assortment of '?
high-grade Ladies' Tailor Suits, Capes and Jackets, II
Imported Costumes and Golf Capes. . \
Our NAVY and BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT 7
SUIT, latest cut Jacket at $25.00, ■
deserves special mention. ■
• M.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. 1
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 7
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. P. 1^
UNION SQUARE. ||
-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-q-H-B-B-B-B-O-d-B-B
Beware of Imitations
JOHN DUNC/N'B SONS, Ilimi. NFW YORK.
V^^^^M/J an^ TUMOR
I^^^^^SflHßj^HiMMKn q Any lump In awnmnu's
breast I s cancer. Tt,<- poi.
|B|^Hhßß kh quickly goes to arm-
t^WSSßl !Kfc^- Pit- 8 fsc * aDd Up a lute.
Men's fact and lip a ei-m-
mon place.
ni!r^k^<vHL^ $ § I SO-Pagk Book sent free
■ JL W' ' ,- IB If B lwlih!nin(lrgd3Ofaddres»eg
Tmn&&—,^r' XStfpar^r honest cores. No Fraud.
S. R. CHAMIEY, M. D., 7 & I7Third St., n'R Market St.
SEND TQ SOME ONE WITH CANCER
CIOSE'oNE and then THE OTHER
IF YOU CANNOT SEC EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEC US. -
OPTICIANS photc H s v £ U
nU .3C«NT.IPIC INSTRUMENTS'..,,,
~?K 642 MARKET ST. ~F
UHVtuCMHOmCIt auaoixo^.
ja&^lfc RUPTURE.
W^ZL/^' JSSS USE NO MORE IRON
IHKSISJMggHa^ Hocps or Steel Springs.
SrjaHHEf&"^ Hu^ture retained with eases
H-^*jWp<. and comfort, and thousands radi-
X /Mi 'tally CURED by DR. PIERCES
Xl/jS Magnetic Elastic Truss. |C7"Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
' ' MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Hi FRAWISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: U.K.
• :M, 6:10, *' M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p, m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
_*n<l 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:80. U:00 a. m.: . 1:80. 1:10.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. -
SAN RAFAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 1J:43
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:&5 and 6:25 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:10. »:«, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, ftIL
6:00. 6:25 p.m. ■ . •
Between Baa Francisco and Scbuetaea Park
same schedule as abort. ...
L<ea\-0 : . . ' : . Arrive -
Ban Francisco. In Effect ■ San Francisco.
-— June 29. '■ — — .
Week I Sun- - 1898. Sun- I Week
Pars. I days. Destination. days. ) Days.
7:loam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am »:40ara
I:Sopm J:Boain Petaluma. 6:lopm 19: am
6:lopm 8:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
I Warn Windsor, ' 10:25 aa
Healdsburg,
Lytton, . '
Geyservllle.
1:80 B*o am Cloverdale. 7:3Jpm 6:23 pro
I 1!!!I 1 !!!* 111 ! .- I Hopland and I ' • - 110:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am| ' Pklah. | 7:«pm| 6:22 pm
7:»am I . ,--':■■'■ . 10:25
.« 1 8:00 am OnernerlUe. * 7:85 pm
|:80pm '■■:.- ,-■ I (6:23pm.
t :30 am 8:00 am '. Sonoma 110:40 am B:4Darn
■ ■■'. . ■ - and ■=■ ■ . !
>:Wpm B :00pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:lopm 6:23pm ,
7:»oam| 8:00aml SebastopoU 110:40 am|lo:2s am i
J:80j)m! 6:oopm| I 7:35pm( 6:21 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Ocr-
• en-llle for ; Skagcs Springs; at . Cloverdale for
the Geysers; •at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland ■ Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. . Soda ■: Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratov
Bprlngs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter-Valley,- John Day's. River-
side. Lierley*s. Buckneirs. Sanhedrln Height*.
Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr*s Hot. Springs. Men-
docino City.' Fort Bragg, Weatport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates. ■• .:■.■- »
On Sundays : round trip tickets* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle old*.
A.W. FOSTER, } \ -•-.• R.X. RYAN.
•Pres. and Gen. • Manager. Gen. Pass. Asrent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 189S, 'rains will run as follows: |
South-bound. ■ - ; North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday ■ Sunday ger.
Dally. |Exc'ptd >' Stations. Exc'ptdj Dally.
7:2o am| 9:ooam Stockton 3:45pm 5:40 pm
9:loam 12:50pm • Merced 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40 am 3:sopm  Fresno 9:3oamj 2:20 pm
11:3 T. am 6:45 pm ; Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
2:4;>pm 11:50pm ; Bakernfleld 2:30am]10:15 am i
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalla. ■- " 6:40 am 12:55 pm j
.Stopping at Intermediate points as required. -
■ Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California ■ Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6 j
p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran- I
cisco: at , Merced • with stages .to and from
bn fl llr »<rs. i ;Coulterville. Yosemite. etc.; also
with . stage . from Hornltos, Marlposa, etc.;  at
Lankershlm. with stage to and from Madera.
RAILROAD TP.AVEL.
BOfJTUURN I'ACIFIC COHPilt.
(PACIFIC SYHTBM.)
Trains l«nv« nail nre tine !• ttrrlT* svt
KAN rSAMCUK!*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
(.ba-tk — From July 10, 1898. — ar&TO
•C:O0a Niles, San Jose and Way Station*...- •S»4OT
7iOOa Benioia, Suigiin and Sacramento. . . . 1«:43a
7:OOa Marys Wile. Oronlloaud Reddiuf via
Woodland 5«4."Jp
7:OOa Etalra. Vacayilleand Rnmsey 8:43*
7:30/. Martinez, Saa Kamon, Vallejo, Naps*
Califtopi and . Saul* Rosa •»ISr>
9:OOa Atlantic Kxprens, Ogilen and Kast.. Si4Sr
•i3Oa .San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring.
lone, Sacramento, Murysville,
Chico. Tehama and Rei lilutT.... 4i|l)p
»:.lOa Peters, Oakdale And Jamestown.... 7:ISp
•*«3Oa Milton »7ila»
UiOUa Kew Orleans Kxpres*. Meroed. Fres-
no, liakersQcld, Santa itarbara,
lam Angela. Deraing, El Paso.
Kew Orleans and East ••4SV
IO:OOa Valltjo. Martinez and Way Stations ?>43r
•l:OOp SacrfimentoltiverSteiiniers *9:OOp
....... San Jose, Nil o and Way Stations... lOiISa
2:OOp LiTermorc, Meudota, Hanford and
Vlsalia 4:15*
....... LI verm or o, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI»i1»a
4iOOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vailejo.
Kapa, Cftlinttiga, Xl Verauo and
Santa Rosa •■lB*/
4:0 Or Benloia, VacariUe, Woodland,
Ki.lghts Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Till., and Sacramento J«:19«
4:30* Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7il s<•
4:30p Stockton and Lodi I»il3f.
4:iiUr Lattirop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Alojare, Santa Uarbara and Los
Ancelcs 7*4»*. ;
4:80p M.\rtiuez. Meroed (Raymond for
Yoseinite) and Fresno I»tl3r
4i»Op Banta Ke itonte. Atlantic Uxpress
for Mojavo and Kast «:43p
«iO«r Kiiropeau Mall, Ogden and Kast.... »>4.1«.
•8:O« i- Vallejo 12:1.1*
C:UOi> IliiywnnK Xllrsand San .lose 7»43a
t?iOOp Vailejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions !9<43r
8:00p Oregon Kxi>reßS,Bacrani9i>to, Marys-
• lII'--. Ucil.linc, I'ort.imd. Tuiet
Hiii-mUmlKmt *'"*<
BAS I.LA.M)i;u AM) IUVWAHUS LOCAL. '
(Foot of Market Street.) •
Jlelrosc. Sriiilnarr Park, ( 7:15*
8:00 a KlUhbnrjr, Umliiirsf. 1«9i45*
ia'?u,t 8»n I,eandro, South BWI !? s 15 A
i'&Zi Uandrc^tudllla, Utffc
H2:OOm < iiorenio, Cherry ■ «|»43*
<:i:»op . - .and , (2:4. ir '
3:oop Hnjrrards. t&i-lSp
7:OOp I Runs through te Nile*. 7:43*
) t From Nllcs. ■ . •
COAST ItlVlslO.N (N.irroir (iange).
(Foot of Market Street.}
17:4.1* Santa Cruz ExcurMon, Santa Crua
and Principal Way Stations }BsOß>
8:13 a Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, Pel ton,
■ Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations i •*>•*
•2:15* Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
AlmadeD, Felton, Boulder Creek,
- Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOiBIU
4:13p Saa Jose. Glenwood & Way Stations 9:20*
«4«13p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz Jtt:2oA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSll mSCISCO— Foot <". lUrkil Sired (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 tB:0O *6:00
from OlEllID— F«ol »r Broadway.— 'B:oo 0:00 10.00 A.m.
t!2:00 »l:00 t3:00 «3:00 11:00 "8:00 P.M.
COAST lIIVISION (Broad Oange). ""*
(Third and Townsend Stfl.)
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New "
Almaden Wednesdays only) li3o*
17:!I0a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations }Sl8S»
•:OOa Nan .lose. res Pinos, Santa Cms,
Pacific OroTe. Paso Robles. Han
Luis Olilspn, Gnadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4ll«*
I »:«Oa San .lose and Way Stations ■MiOOa
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations *BiB<Sa
*2t43p San Mateo, .Redwood. Menlo Park;
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose, SSL?
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey aud Paolflo
Gr0ve...... •10:88*
•»:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *O:OOa
•4:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9i43&
•3:00 p San Jose and Principal Way Stations * 6:S3A ■
, s:.tOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
' I •:»»!• San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations.. 7:30p
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon..
• Sundays except J Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
£ Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. .
fcrery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car«(
.-- and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
■; Run on the Following Timer
Leave Pan Francisco. 4. 3o p. m.. aM.T.W.T.F.a, .
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.8.8.M.T. >
Arriv. Kansas Ctty..7:oo a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W. .
irrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .tJX>V. m.. T.P.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6ervo Superior Meals at Very Ron«— ■
able Rates. '.:.' -
you WIM- BE COMFQWTABLB
If You Travel on the Santa Fa*,
mi fiucisci nan office — in mahut a 1a 1 - '
TELEPHONE MAIN 15XL
©tkland Offloe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Ban Jose Offioo— 7 Wect Santa Clara 55,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD"
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, »9::o. 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.
J:45, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. ■
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. •10:00.- *ll:30 a. m.; »1:15.
3:00," »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6-35 7:43. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:03 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on v Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at. 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »10:00, -11:55 a, m.; •1:15. •
•3:10. 4:40. *6:20 p. m; •
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL -VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO. -
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:43. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.: 12:35. -
2:45, 3:50,' 5:20 p. m. ■-■;- ■>
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a, m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -- %
8: a. m. Sundays — , Mills and way sta's. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
'■'■:.>:■-. ■'-. (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave i San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. . 11, lS9S:3M»gßaafi^ M PVniHBHB
Wed Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.. .
: Sundays— 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. in.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, > San ■ Francisco. ,
-- ■ ■ - • ----:--.-■,., . ::.••■ .: - ■ ■ ■ . ■' ■ - * ' . ■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LAKE MERRITT
NOW A BONE
OF CONTENTION
Opinions Differ as to
the Money.
ITS EFFECT ON TAXATION
M. J. LAYMANCE DECLARES IT
WILL SCARE CAPITAL.
A. Schilling Says That to Neglect
It Any Longer Would Amoun*:
to a Heinous
Crime.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. U.
Now that the evident purpose of the
City Council to pass a high tax levy Is
thoroughly recognized by the taxpayers
there Is a general desire to discuss the
measure.
M. J. Laymance made a statement this
afternoon Which he declares expresses
the sentiment of ninety-nine out of every
IK) taxpayer* in the city. His statement
is as !'"1 lows:
"1 heartily approve of the carrying out
of the object for which this great tax
levy is to be made, but there is reason in
hastily. The improve
ments contemplated are necessary, but
there is no possibility of them being car
ried out during this fiscal year, and it is
absurd to raine a lot of money and let
it be kept idle. The tax levy of $1 37 is
Blmply outrageous. It means a great deal
more than appears on its face. Not only
will taxpayers have to pay this amount
of tax, but on every mortgage held by
the bank the interest will be proportion
ately raised because the mortgagor will
most certainly be called upon to pay the
anal interest. This means that a
tax of $1 a 7, whii h is 25 cents more than
last rear, will in reality be a tax of (1 60
to ail those who have property mort
gaged.
"This is not a time to increase taxes
Indiscriminately. Lake Merritt should be
improved and I want It improved, but
:;iprovement can judiciously be dis
tributed over four or five years as well
as In .>ne year. Many of the people who
are now agitating this great tax were
amor.g those who a few years ago fought
the issue of bonds to complete the boule
vard around the lake and dredge it at
that time. Eighty thousand dollars is a
large sum of money to be expended at this
time- for a proposition, the necessity of
which is doubtful. 1 do not say the lake
not need improving, for it" does, but
to make it a uniform depth of four feet
'ply guesswork, because there is no
ttce that it is to any extent shallower
than it was forty years ago. Again, $38,500
: I building Bewerfl on either side of the
lake is. in my opinion, purely a district
measure and should be paid for by those
Immediately interested and not by the
whole city. "What benefit is it ?o a man
In West Oakland or Twenty-third avenue
or Temesea! to have a sewer built for the
accommodation of a few property owners
around the lake?
"During the past year $75,000 has been
Bpent on making' a splendid thoroughfare
tfirguph a large section of East Oakland,
ana next year this should be finished. I
think this would be better than dumping
|y»,O)0 into a lake. These contemplated
additional taxes cannot fail to drive cap
ital away, and there Is too little capital
here now. If the lake Improvements be
a. necessity, I think it should certainly be
paid for an issuance of bonds spreading
over twenty years or longer, as the ac
cruing benefit will certainly be as much
for the next generation as this. I am
not pure that the contemplated sewers
to cost $^.r>rpo should not be paid for by
the property owners, and if I understand
Auditor Snow rightly, there are many
legalities to be settled regarding the
Sredging of the lake as a sanitary meas
ure In the light of the park and boule
raro" net. Under these circumstances the
Council should surely take legal advice
before making any such ornamental tax
levy, and I know that the great mass of
SHE WILL SEER NEW LAURELS EAST.
ifrs. Beatrice Priest-Fine, Oakland's Best Known Singer, to Say Farewell to
Her Western Home This Week.
OAKLAND, Bept. 11.— Mr*. Reatrice Priest-Fine, who for five years has
been one of the foremost singers of the State, is to leave hor home and to
take up her resMtonce in the East for some time. During her last trip to
ESttrope Mrs. Fine met the leading musicians on t.ie Continent, and on
th<-lr advice she is returning: to further prepare herself for the profes
sional stage, on which she has already gained much renown.
Mrs. Fine Is an Oakland woman, and has resided here nearly all
her life, where she started her musical career as a church soloist. Next
Friday night she will give h<»r farewell recital at the Unitarian Church,
She will render selections from Mozart, Chopin, Brahms, Benburg, Hen
schel, Thomas and Well.
the voters agree with these Bentiments."
On the other hand A. Schilling,
who is one of the most enthusiastic mem
bers of the Lakeside Improvement Club,
says the work is an absolute necessity.
"Any effort to delay this work," said
Mr. A. Schilling, "might almost be termed
criminal, fur we must remedy these
: unsanitary conditions for the sake of our
families, as well for the general welfare
lof the city. Oakland too long has been
! hampered by the cry that it is unhealthy.
, Now, fur instance, when we were looking
about the bay for a suitable place for our
home, 1 considered San Rafael, Sausallto
and other places. I liked Oakland, but
friends of mine said, 'Don't go there, it
jis unhealthy.' This is a very bad adver-
I tisement for any place.
"We located here and I am satisfied
| that the residents of the city join with
: our club in desiring to eradicate these
blots from the city's fair name. In or
der to do this we must strike while the
iron is hot. A united effort has been
made to purify the city, therefore it
would be folly to hold back now that
we have our path cleared in front of us
"This talk of the impossibility of the
work being done within the year is all
wrong. It can be completed within six
months easily and maybe sooner.
Would any business man make a con
tract to have his important work done
inserting a clause that it could be com
pleted whenever the contractor was
ready? No, Indeed, he would insist on
carrying matters to the finish as early
as possible.
"This work is to be done some time
and why hold back now? I say, go
ahead by all means, and do It at once.
Let us make a clean breast of the mat
ter and remove from Oakland these
black spots. We will save money, too,
In- having the work all done at once
If, for Instance, the dredging contract
is let. with the understanding that a
cortain portion of the work is to be
done this year and the rest the next,
the contractor will be obliged to add'
a sum to his figures for the Idleness of
his dredger, or Its removal, whereas
if he kept his crew at work contin
uously, he could well afford to take a
little less. This Idea of Inaction is
what is hurting the progress and pros
perity of Oakland.
"The members of the Lake Side Im
provement Club are not working from
any selfish motives. They want Oak
land elevated to the station Nature In
tended it to be, and thpy want the health
of their families protected. There is
nothing unreasonable demanded — this
every one will admit. Now. as long as it
is proven that this work can all be done
within this fiscal year. In fact, within half
of it let us take the bull by the horns
and face the issue.
MRS. SPENCER IS
TIRED OF LIFE
SHE IS DETERMINED TO END
HER CAREER.
A Once Wealthy Berkeley Widow
Broods Over the Loss of Her bon
and Money and Attempts
Suicide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 11.
"The next chance I get I will surely
succeed In ending my troubles." These
words were uttered by Mrs. N. W. Spen
cer, the once wealthy widow of Berkeley,
as she was placed in the care of Dr.
Keating, keeper of the insane at the Re
ceivlne Hospital, this afternoon. She was
arrested on complaint of her sister, Mrs.
Lorin Sharp, also of Berkeley, and will
be examined by the Lunacy Commission
ers to-morrow.
According to the sister's story, Mrs.
Spencer has on two occasions very nearly
succeeded in committing suicide, choosing
the gas route each time. Only about three
morths ago, at her home on Ashbury
avenue and Wheeler street. Berkeley, her
rash attempt resulted in her being para
lyzed for ncarlv a month. Of late she
has been worrying those about her with
threats of repeating the act.
Mrs. Spencer's husband died some ypnrs
arro, leaving her well provided with an fs
tatc of between $30,000 and $50,>H)0. Pome
time ago, one^Pierson. so it is cja.imofl,
induced her f6" invest in some wildcat
scheme. In which she lost $19,'J00 at one
ci.p. and since then the estate tuU been
gradually dwindling away, until thcr-s is
but little left.
A few years ago her only son went to
sea and ehe has never heard from Mm
since. Brooding ovt-r the loss ot hfr
wealth and son affected her mind, nil til
litr has become a burden unbearable lor
her. She says me next time she will not
choose the gas route in her endeavor to
quit this world, but will select a method
which will handicap all efforts to save
her.
To Choose a Class "Sell.
BERKELEY. Sept. 11.— The Freshman
1 will hold a class meeting to-morrow after-
I noon to arrange for their glee and also
: to decide upon a class yell.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBRE 12, 1898.
THE TAXPAYERS'
ANNUAL CRIME
Not a Single Effort to
Protect Their Coin.
JOCULAR, IF NOT SERIOUS
SECOND AMENDMENT NOW OF
SPECIAL INTEREST.
A Few Details Which New Charter-
Makers »or Oakland Would
Have to Strenuously
Avoid.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 11.
After many years of Intimate experience
with the manner In which OaK-and City
and Alameda County are governed I feel
constrained to say that the taxpayers of
both deserve to be cinched. Not one in a
thousand takes the slightest interest In
the vast expenditures of public money
that comes out of their pockets. Hun
dreds of business men who exercise the
most scrupulous supervision over their
own concerns pay their taxes, grumble
that they are so heavy and put It all
down to "politics." The city spends about
a million yearly, the county nearly three
millions of dollars, yet when the annual
business of fixing ti.e tax levy comes
around the men who are to supply these
vast incomes leave it to the whims and
caprices of the councilmen or the Super
visors and do not soem to think they are
guilty of the grossest breach of civic duty
and disloyal to their own interests by so
doing. If there be a time when it Is
reasonable to suppose the taxpayers
would meet the lawmakers It is surely
on the occasion of fixing a tax levy,
which is the moat arbitrary debt imposed
on anybody.
Yet what do we see? Outside of a few
men who are desirous of some special
thing in which they are personally inter
ested, who has been near the City Council
during the past week when struggling
with the tax levy? Not more than a dozen
people In all and not one-half of that
dozen were taxpayers. Hints dropped by
Mr. Hfitmann, by Mr. Brosoahan and Mr.
Snow show clsarly that tens of thousands
of dollars are being wasted annually and
not a taxpayer says a word. The effect
of this indifference In the Councilmen Is
very apparent— the people don't care, why
should they? Although It is known to
the people of Oakland that It Is in con
templation to put large amounts in the
estimates that will necessitate the fixing
of a very high tax levy, yet not a soli
tary citizen was present to protest when
the initial vote was taken, although on
the street everybody's voice, with few
exceptions, Is raised against high taxes.
One of the most valuable books of Its
kind ever compiled Is the annual report
of County Clerk Jordan. It shows wheTe
every cent of the county's money has
gone during the past year, and was ready
for the public several months ago, yet
not one-twentieth of the taxpayers took
the trouble to procure one, although it
was advertised for and wide that It
had been printed for free distribution.
Finally, Clerk Jordan, in an effort to try
to force the people to take an interest
in their own government, mulled thou
sands of copies to those for whose bene
fit the Supervisors very properly had it
printed. This report is a revelation. Even
the untrained eye can see where thou
sands of dollars have been squandered in
several departments of the county gov
ernment. Although many of the sub-re
ports are very cleverly manipulated,
there Is hardly a page where some mate
rial curtailment could not be made. Yet,
I venture to say that these mines of
Information, which should in reason guide
those who will elect the next county offi
cers, will not exercise one particle of In
fluence over the result.
If Alameda County be sincere In seek
ing a remedy for many manifest evils
that now exist and which drain her
treasury, she should return a large vote
in favor of the second constitutional
amendment to be voted In November.
Although published many days I have not
yet found a single voter who has read it.
There is in It one clause which should
interest this county when such vast sums
are annually wasted on Justices of the
Peace and Constables. This clause is:
It shall be competent in all county govern
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this pectlon, to provide for the manner in
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township anil county officers
other than Judgps of the Superior Court, fhnll
be elected or appointed; for their compensa
tion; for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
puih deputies, for the manner in which, the
times at which, and the terms for which the
members of all hoards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con
ducted; and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electorß, po
litical parties and organizations may partici
pate In any primary election.
Only a few weeks ago one of the Jus
tices of the Peace of trie city of Oakland
wrote an open letter showing how his
office was useless and tho salary was be
ing thrown away. Although it was very
evident that the statement was made
partly for political effect, It undoubtedly
told the truth. Alameda County has al
together too many politicians on her pay
roll, and not until she Is able to take
advantage of just such a law as the one
quoted can any relief br> found; It will
be Interesting to watch Alameda County's
vote on the second amendment.
As things are now shaping, it may not
be long before Oakland will have the
chance of accepting a new charter. It is
badly needed. In no othor municipal gov
ernment on earth is there such a mass of
Inconsistency and such glaring stupidity
as In the amended monstrosity that now
passes for a charter and under which
Oakland is misgoverned. Is there any
other city in the world where a man pre
pares plans for city work, adopts the
plane, supervises the work, passes upon
it and accepts it and then votes to pay
his own bill? Yet this is what Oakland
tolerates in her City Engineer, who is
also a member of the Board of Works and
a Police and Fire Commissioner. Is there
another city where all the contracts are
let In June and all salaries fixed, ami
where the tax levy to pay for them all is
not fixed till October and one-fourth of
the income is expended? Oakland does it
under her charter. Is ..here another School
Department so deeply in politics because
of the fact that every teacher and janitor
Is elected every year, thus forcing them
to do politics to hold their jobs? Yet Oak
land struggles along under such a disad
vantage. These are Just a few of the Ideas
that come to the surface when any one
mentions a new charter for this city.
Councilman Woodward should know by
thls time that he is not an authority on
figures. He Is the youngest Councilman,
but not the least known. He is very ener
getic now in furthering schemes in the
City Council calling for large expendit
ures of public money and because Messrs.
Cuvellior and Girard expresppd a hint that
perhaps the sober second thought might
change their opinions, Mr. "Woodward ad
vised them to "stand by themselves." Mr.
Woodward may have improved in his
mathematics since he did the lightning
trick with the celebrated water-rate ordi
nance, and it is to be hoped that he has.
He should remember, however, that on
that occasion his vote differed very mate
rially from those of Messrs. Girard and
Cuvellier, and it is not recollected that
there was any desire shown by betrayed
citizens to mob the latter two gentlemen.
In this connection It should be borne in
mind that there will be a city election ajid
a new Council next March and the man
has not yet been found erratic enough to
guess at the possibilities of an Oakland
Council six months ahead.
There 1b one question I would like to
submit to the voters of Oakland. Under
the present water-rate ordinance how
much would It cost to keep Adams' Point
green during the summer should It be
come a public park? The expense of irri
gating the City Hall lawn is so enormous
that the question is now being specially
investigated by the Board of Works.
There is less than half an acre of lawn
at the City Hall. There are sixty acres
at Adams' Point.
STUART W. BOOTH.
FORTY-FIFTH AJfNIVERSARY.
Celebrated Dy the First Methodist
Episcopal Church — Close of Rev.
Dr. Bovard's Pastorate.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 11.— To-night the ser
vices at the First M. E. Church were with
special reference to the anniversary of
the founding of that church, which took
place 45 years ago to-day, under the lead
ership of Rev. James McGowan. From
the most modest beginning the church
has grown until It is to-day the largest
and most prosperous In the city. In his
prelude this evening Rev, Mr. Bovard
briefly sketched the history of the church
and also spoke in farewell to the large
congregation that was present.
Coincident with the anniversary was
the close of the pastorate of Rev. F. D.
Bovard, who has been In charge of the
church for the full term of five years.
At the coming conference on the 15th, at
Pacific Grove, a new pastor will be ap
pointed and Mr. Bovard will be sent to
some other church, greatly to the regret
of his parishioners, with whom he has
been very popular.
BERKELEY NEEDS
A POLICE COURT
SO THE GOOD GOVERNMENT
CLUB SAYS.
Factions Getting Into Line for a
Struggle Over the Question of
a Local Judiciary.
BERKELEY, Sept. 11. —The question of
a local Judiciary, which promises soon to
be the absorbing topic in Berkeley's poli
tics, is rapidly developing in interest as
the time for decision draws near. In
many ways the approaching contest pre-
sente strange complications, which may
Involve the measure very seriously, and
possibly. In the end, prevent its success.
The university town has at present no
means of enforcing Its municipal ordi
nances. Although a municipal govern
ment in name, the arm of the law is per
fectly powerless to carry out its decrees,
or to have its regulations respected.
Many of the licenses are sadly in arrears;
nor is there any way of bringing the de
linquents to time. In the face of this, the
greater part of the residents of the town
regard the establishment of a local court
as a matter of pressing necessity.
Acting upon this the Board of Trustees
has prepared an amendment to the free
holders' charter, establishing a police
court having jurisdiction over petty mis
demeanors, and with power to enforce all
the municipal ordinances. The measure
will be voted upon at a special election
set for that purpose on the 15th of next
month. The measure, however, embodies
one important provision, which has al
ready antagonized a large section of vot
ers. Opposition, more or less pronounced,
was expected from a few, as a loose ad
ministration of the law is always wel
comed by the lawless element. But now
the natural opponents of the amendment
have only a divided camp to face, and
they are thus hoping that the measure
will kill itself.
The point over which dispute has arisen
concerns the method by which the new
judge Is to hold office. As it now stands,
the amendment provides that the official
shall be appointed by the Board of Trus
tees, to hold office for two years. To this
method of holding office by appointment
a large portion of the community objects,
and their opposition is becoming a mat
ter of serious moment. If the amendment
goes before the people in Kb present state,
ft is safe to say that it will meet with a
decided opposition at the polls from peo
ple who would otherwise indorse it.
Notwithstanding this an effort will be
made to carry the measure through just
as it stands, and the different, factions are
getting into line for the struggle. As pre
dicted in last Sunday's Call, the Good
Government Club held a meeting at which
resolutions wera adopted favoring the
charter amendment and the system of
appointed judges. They will give the
measure active support.
Professor Carl C. Plehn of the de
partment of history and economics in the
University of California, and one of the
leading authorities upon questions of mu
nicipal government, is known to be
strongly in favor of having judges ap
pointed, and as president of the Good
Government Club his opinion is likely to
carry some weight.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 11, S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, — ; Fresno, 102; Log Angeles, 96; Red
Bluff, 98; San Luis Oblspo, 100; San Diego. 90;
Sacramento, 96; Independence, 84; Yumo, 106.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
80; minimum, 66; mean. 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OENBRAX.
FORECAST.
An area of unusually high pressure is cen
tral over the Rocky Mountain region and an
other area off the coast of Oregon and Wash
ington. The pressure has fallen In all regions
except the Puget Sound country and over
Arizona.
The temperature has risen decidedly along
the central and extreme southern coast of
California. It has fallen slightly In Central
Washington and Oregon. The temperature is
from 8 to 20 degrees above the normal in Cali
fornia.
The weather Is cloudy over Northern Oregon
and Washington and clear In all other sec
tions.
Conditions arfl favorable for continued fair
weather In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Sept. 12, 1898:
Northern California — Fair Monday; continued
warm; brisk northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; cooler at
Ban Plepo; fres«h west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Momlay.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
brisk northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear: wind
northwest. 12 miles; temperature, R3; mnxlmum
temperature, 90. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
TUB CAtiTTB CALENIJAK.
September. ISM.
Moot*'*
8
IT
"n"
*»£ September 7,
jfS New Moon.
*</ September 15.
11
i
oon
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
Sun rises 5:49
Sun sets 6:22
Moon rises 2:24 a. m.
2:
3:
4:
4:
5:
5:
3:1
3:'
4:
4:
. 6:1
' 6:
O.i
9:<X
9:4!
10:2!
11:11
11 :..■
•■•'•••
■ 11:09
11:30
ll:r,C
L. W
8:16
I *■'■
1.1
I.'
5.1
I
1.7
12:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the thirrt tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fiven are additions to the soundings on the
'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch ot the United Btates Hydrographlc
Of flea. , located In the Merchants' Exchange, ; la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Vavlted to visit the
"fflce, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
la the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. 8. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Pan Mateo jXanalmo !Sept.l2
Ma ck lnaw ! Tacoma j Sept . 12
Wellington Departure Bay |Sept.l 2
Chllkat Humboldt Sept. 12
Homer Newport Sept. l 2
Willamette Seattle Sept. 12
Czarina Seattle Sept. l 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Sept. l 4
Umatllla Victoria &. Puget Sound Sept. 14
State CallforniajPortland 'Sc-pt .l4
National City.. IPortland {Sept. 14
Mineo!a iTaeoma , Sept . 14
Slam INanaimo Sept. l 4
■r.^srent City... [Crescent City Sept. ls
Bertha ISt. Michael Sept. ls
Orizaba [Humboldt Sept. 15
Coos Bay Newport Sept. l 6
Signal 'Grays Harbor [Sept. l 6
Navarro (Taqulna Bay Sept. l 6
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Sept. l 7
Arcata Coos Bay Sept. l 7
North Fork Humboldt Sept. lß
Starbuck Panama Sept. lß
Corona San Diegro ..._» Sept. lß
Australia. Honolulu ISept.l9
Queen Victoria & Pujet Bound|Sept.l9
Pomona Humboldt ISept.lß
in Mateo
acklnaw
'clllngton
hllkat
omer
•lllamette
zarina
inta Rosa
matllla
STEAMERS TO BAIL.
Steam«r.
. . i i _____ _ »
Corona Ran Diego.... Sept. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Portland ... St. Michael... Sept. 12, 10 am S W i
Columbia .. Portland Sept. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Oleniryle ... Chlna&Japan Sept. 18, lpm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sept. 13, 10 am Pier 9
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Sept. 13, 9 am Pier 20
Homer ..... Newport Sept.l 4, 9 a.. Pier 11
Chllkat .... Humboldt .... Sept.l 4, 9 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 16, 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa. San Diego Sept. 16, 11 am, Pier 11
State of Portland Sept. 16, 10 am Pier 12
Coptic Chlna&Japan Sept. 17, 1 pm.PMSS
Coos Bay... Newport Sept. 18, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. IS, 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico.. .. Sept. 18, 10 am, Pier 11
Navarro ... Yaquina Bay. Sept. IS j
Colon IPanama Sept. 19, 12 m PMSS
Q. W. Elder Portland | Sept. 19, 10 am Pier 12
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September 11.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 27 hours from Trini
dad.
Ptmr Alliance, Hardwick, 9 days 12 hours fm
Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow, 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Alax Duncan, Shea, 11 hours from
Santa Crui.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. 24 hours from Caspar.
Bchr Corinthian, 4 days from Crescent City.
SAILED.
Sunday, September 11.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Btmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 11, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind 8; velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 10— Ship Dashing
Wave, for San Francisco; bktn Quickstep.
USAL— Sailed Kept 10— Schr Reliance, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 11— Stmr Czarina,for
San Francisco; atmr Willamette, for San
Fruncisco; stmr South Portland.for St Michael.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed Sept 11— Schr
Vega, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 10— Bark
Empire, from Dutch Harbor.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr O Loomls,
hence Sept 10, and galled for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 11— Br ship Metrop
olis, from Hongkong.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Empire,
hence Sept 8.
EVERETT— SaiIed Sept U— Schr Alcalde.for
San Pedro.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERB.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr
Wleslnnd. from Liverpool.
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr La Touralne,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr
Arlesland, from New York.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 11— Stmr Um
biia. for New York.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62/5 MKiBJiV NT. Established
I In 1854 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diieases. The doctorc.ires when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
|€are«Enaranleed. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. tifBBON, Box 1057, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*|^ Steamers leave Broadway
I T™T|m» wharf, San Francisco:
; ft\ftSjß9?V For Alaskan ports, 10 a, tn.,
I iffTjCvflh. Bept. 3 8, 13 IS, 23, 28, October
HLKhvKI 3. transfer at Seattle.
|H|j>3W Tgil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Üb^^Su c.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^|HHHn Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
TMt and New Whatcom (Wash), 10
a. m., Sept. 8, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28,
October 8, and every fifth day thereafter,
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N.
P Ry at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., Sept.
5 11, 16, 21, 28, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter. - _,
For Santa ' Cruz, Monterey, • San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.-m.. Sept. 2. 6, 10, 14. 18, 22, 28,
30 Oct. 4, and every, fourth day thereafter.
. For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m Sept 4, 8. 12. 16, 20, 24. 28, Oct. 2. and
every, fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa 2. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of every
For further information obtain folder. : ••
' The' company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
tIOKKT OFJTIOE-4 New - Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -•>":•.■
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOS^TX J^.2SrD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ,
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
InriL $8 Second Class and Meals. .
. SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Btate of California Sept. 7. 16. 25
Geo. W. Elder —; Sept. 10, 19, 28
Columbia. » ........Sept. IS, 12. Oct. 1
St Paul $16 (01 St. Louis 1100
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 24 00
Omaha ............ 26 00 1 New York ....:... 81 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.,
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic,
.' • , French Line to Havre. . '• __ '.',-
Company's pier (new) 42 North r-fiTtn
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4^frfj\
by this line avoid both transit by -»»?&*■*»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a ■ small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, |116. •■. ■ " -
LA NAVARRE Sept, 17, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 14.. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE .......Oct. S. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE....:... .Oct. .15. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAONIE , GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, ' •■
No. 8 Bowling Green. New fork.
3. F. FUCAZT & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
art., San Francisco. •■ •
sa"s for Honolulu only
*Tt*sf¥A?fc nturday> Re P tember 24 >
■g \VjV i^^M -vr• i^ .^ : at 2p. m.
@HVEltt!atfl The s - - AUSTRALIA
y^MMsn2fil< Bßll<l fnr Honolulu only
lw»"«M««W Saturday. September 24,
M™ .  at 2p. m.
0,/L r \ The S. S. ALAMEDA
vMnKnincJ sallfl vla Honolulu and
s^C^/Q)i r 1 - Auckland for Sydney
\J&3SBP /n(|]R3f?m' October 5,
cC?» - \yiilf/y"*l at 2a. m. ; •
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. , ,
J. D. SPRECKELB & BROS. CO.. Agents,
■ '::,.. , ■_■"•.; 114 Montgomery st. '
Freight of flee— B27 Market nt., San Francisco.'
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS. .
for uTsTnayy-yard and vallejo.
'Steamer "Montlcello." ' .
Mon.. Tue«., Wed., Thure. and 5at.......k.V«««;
' 9:45 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. (8.30 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Friday 5......... :..l p. m. and 8:80 p. m.
Sundays ...... .."...;;. .;.;. 10:80 a. m.and I p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier L ;
"4" 4 .: v. :,, Telephone Red 2341. -■■*; ;•, •
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVIBO, 1 Clay street Wharf. Fart TBo.
Delightful ; Bay : Trip. - 44 miles and return.
pa , Sundays. Excursion. |U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOW FOR BUSINESS !
Uncle Sam has no more use for his
gun Just now than we have to adver-
tise, but there may be some people left
in San Francisco whose laundry work
isn't done up with the perfection and fin-
ish and beauty of color that gives such
complete satisfaction to our patrons,
and as we are here for business, we
want the laundry work of every one In
San Francfrsco, and we are aiming for
It in tha unrivaled excellence of our
work.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 80th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
Olng on the fourth dt.y of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of ail the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
•cribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONH.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41. )
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Bute of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Pection 18. No county, city, town, townßhtp,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
cf the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or yearn; pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or Bldewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
Claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
•tatute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
■hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7>4- The inhabitants of any county
mijr frame "a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this Stnte,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, .to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of Buch board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
■hall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in Bvich
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body cf such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of
Ptate the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
oualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
nroved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
" It^shall b« competent in all county govern-
ment" acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion" for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each offlcr shall have,
end for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
wriit'h all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organlzaflons may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out, adopted any
county government act and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
nforesald the direction of sections four and
live of this article providing for the uniformity
cf a system of county governments throughout
♦he State and Hkewlse/Jproviding for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of thfiir compensation, shall not npply.
Pn'd county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
rlareil by such county government act, not be
subject tc any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the elector? and ratified In the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Ftate o< California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section fi\e and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed now sec-
tion to read as follows:
Pection 5H- Tne Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Sup"rlor Court,
-who may b« requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, und(»r such
laws as may be passed by the legislature, and
lfs Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of Ma"rch:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
1 la tb« City px Sftcruatnto. coauatnetc* pa
AUCTION SALES,
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
The undersigned, special administrator q
the estate of Martin Meyerhof. deceased, wil]
in pursuance of an order of the Superior Cou|
of the City and County of San Francisco, dus
rn.ide and entered in the mutter of the sat
estate, sell, at private sale for cash In T'nitu
States gold coin, on Thursday, the loth day 0
September, IS9S, at Twelve o'clock Noon, a
his office hereinafter described, subject t
confirmation by the said Superior Court, a)
the right, title and interest of said Martu
Mtyerhof, deceased, in and to the followin)
described property, to wit:
(1) A certain grocery and liquor busing
and a ptock of wines, liquors and groceries 4
now contained in and upon the premises situ
ated at the southeast corner of Geary and Mq
son streets. San Francisco. California, and b«
Ing th? business formerly conducted by the sab
decedent.
Together with a certain lease of the saii
premises, which lea*e Is recorded in the offla
of the County Recorder of said City ani
County of San Francisco, in Liber 91 o
Leases, page 19.
(2) A certain lease of the premises pita
ated at the northeast corner of (Tear? and Ma
son streets, in said San Francisco. California
which said lease Is of record in the office 4
the said County Recorder of the City ani
County of San Francisco, in Volume 106 o
Leases, pnse M.
Bids for said property must be in writina
and may b* left at the office of A. G
FREESE, room .?:>. Chronicle building, north
east corner of Geary and Kearny streets, il
eald City and County of San Francisco.
Ten per cent of bid to be deposited with thi
undersigned at time of making bid. An In
ventory of said property may be examined a
the office of said A. C. FREESE.
Said property will be sold in separate pa«
eels as above described marked 1 and 2.
A. C. FREE9E.
Special Administrator of the estate of Martt]
Meyerhof, deceased.
Dated September 10, 1898.
The^ u^A On ,2 fty of Number of each yea.
receive 5? Riding «ueh term of court sha!
3£l r«. ?. ex .i compensation therefor, bul
out of thi ' thelr actual "Penses, to be pali
The Leli, Ia ! enera L fUnd of * c Stat treasury
to or^ani ture shall enact all laws necessafj 1
ceduTf thpr. 88 f UCh court, to provide the proi
of th? 8 action. and t0 Carry ° Ut the Provlsfon,
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87.)
StitiTj'f 'rVn? tO . P r °P° Be to the people of th«
smutlon al l£ orn J a an amendment to the Con'
hv o*2. the State - amending article ele en,
M «n?i n 5 a n t w sectlon thereto, to be know?
MnMHjgs-5 U 6I6 I and o ne -half. relating t«
said nil i ltJr and county governments. Tin
r ?i»W n £ w sect to read as follows:
• twi « H v The Provisions of secti nr foui
fe^sfawon thtß rtlcle Bhall not ' nor Bha " a"la "l
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply t<
f^w c ° ns oold' lda ted city and county government
now existing or hereafter formed, which shaU
a*Zt become or Bh all become, organized undej
S O of"tMs ni artlci c * Chart6r UDder BeCtlo<
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
.'■■•"'," ' No. 36.)
stVt/*!!? 1*??,1 *??, t0 P r °P° se to the people of th«
flf?«n It.** 111 ??* 1 * amendment of sectioj
r««r/^ a P. Bect ' on teen of article five of th«
¥1 I 'tjjtion of th State of California, bj
which it is proposed to amend said sections t<
read as follows: »
.i.^f 01 ] 011 * 1 !^ A Lieutenant Governor shall bi
elected at the same time and place and In th»
same manner as the Governor, and his term ol
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
♦». £ tlon le - In case of the impeachment ol
tne (rovernor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties ol
o. s . .£ e> resignation or absence from th«
state, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th«
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor bi
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in.
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pr«
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un,
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, ol
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In th«
of flee of Governor for any of the reasons abovi
named, and neither the Lieutenant Goveraoi
nor the president pro tempore of th^ Senati
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov.
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
flee shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general- election.;' -
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the.
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State,
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section «. The public school system shall in.
elude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school ta«
shall be applied exclusively to the support ol
primary nnd grammar schools. Grammae
schools shall include schools organized In sj
school district, or union of scho'il districts
having more than one thousand Inhabitants in
which a course of study shall be taught wliica
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univeri
sity of California.
• AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read am
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. ■ Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to' members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
- NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 1883.
the above-described. proposed amendments ar»
hereby published and. advertised to be voted*
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on. , • ■ • '
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the - following
words, whereupon the voter may express hit
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
■ Constitutional Amendment No. 41 •
(exempting certain claims against the
. City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness .of the City Tee
of Vallejo for the construction of its ■■.
, water works from the provisions of Ma
I the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of 'the year In which they were
• incurred).
For the Amendment? {}
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
1 Constitutional ; Amendment , No. 10 Tea
' (providing for., framing local county — —
'government acts by Inhabitants of Ne
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? '■; [}
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '■'
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for . the creation of a .. .
Court of Claims to determine claims ,' Tea
• against ■ the State, and to consist of • . '
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
'■> compensation). . ' " .
' For the Amendment? : . I-
•Amendment ■ Number Four, being As- f•'
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. .37 (exempting consolidated cities Te*
and counties, organized or to be or-- .
ganlzed, or holding a charter ..c un- ;■>' No
'der the Constitution, from certain leg-
.: islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment?.
Amendment - Number Five, being • As- f-
sembly Constitutional . Amendment '-•
,' No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, '. Tea
providing- for succession thereto in •■ ■ ■ » -
certain cases and removing disability ■• No
- of Lieutenant. Governor from holding •'
other office : during term). ■ .• .
For the Amendment? ,; \ . '. ['
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- f
bly Constitutional Amendment No.- 33 • Tea
(relating to and defining - Grammar . ;
Schools). . ' ■ -■ No
For the Amendment? - • '\ •■-(
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
• sembly . Constitutional Amendment
No. 34; (providing for adjournment of • Yea
a Legislature for not . less than thirty- 'V .. '
nor more than sixty. days during each '•'■ No
session). • - . •-. - .. '.-i
For the Amendment? ._, . . •.»■*',;■'•-;• I : -/
'. Witness my hand and the. Great Seal of the '.
State of California, the ' day and ' year herela
first above written. ■ .'
■ •••- • . . JAMKS H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary or State.
16KAX.J . .
78
BACON PLACE
DIVES TO BE
RAIDED SOON
Daily Arrests of In
mates Projected.
PARK TO REPLACE THE DENS
PLANS OF ST. MARY'S SQUARE
ASSOCIATION.
Will Petition the Board of Super
visors to Condemn the Property
and Appropriate Money
for the Changes.
"A vigorous movement will be Inaugu
rated at once against localized vice.
Steps will be taken looking to the speedy
removal of the gates across Bacon place
ami for wholesale daily arrests of disso
lute women there and in the immediate
rtdnlty."
Such were the emphatic statements
made by Rev. Father Otis yesterday.
"There will be no let up in the move
ment to dense that district of vice until
the full purpose is accomplished. The St.
Mary's Square Association, which was or
ganized last Saturday evening in St.
Mary's Church will have its committee
before the Board of Supervisors on Mon
fternoon and will petition that body
tn order condemnation proceedings to be
brought by the city to secure the property
In the district bounded by Dupont street,
S' Mary's place, California and Pine
streets, where dens of infamy have flour
ished for many years. While we are
about it the authorities will be asked to
... the gates across Bacon place. If
there is necessity for it. in order to run
the inmates out of Bacon place, as now
seems highly probable, daily arrests of
all the women— say ISO all told— will be
made by the officers of the Society for
Rev. Father Otis and His Co-workers Determined to Change This Hotbed
of Vice into a Beautiful Park.
' ■ Prevention of Vice, acting: In conjunc
tion with tl»e St. Hary'a Square Associa
tion. This policy has not heretofore 1 n
announced, but it la the one that will be
followed. We fully b slieve that the Su
pervisors will act in conformity with our
petition to rid the city of this evil', so
ong permitted to flourish unmolested in
the heart of Sari Francisco.
'The Supervisors will be asked to make
provision i:. the tax levy for an appropri
ation of $75,000 to go toward paying for
Ihe property to be condemned, the under
ttanding being that the additional amount
necesary .... vi (26,000 — will be raised by
private subscription. There Will be no
Jifßculty in securing this $25,000. There
Eire scores of well-to-do citizens in the
ommunity who have already signified
their willingness to contribute. The only
fear that we have is that a possible high
tax levy may Interfere with the provi
sion f<>:' $75,000 from the city. Since the
meeting held Saturday night in 'the
church. Borne one signing himself Jules
Raymond, has sent me a letter written in
French, claiming that a fight will be
made against the condemnation proceed
ngs by certnin property-owners, assisted
by one or two Supervisors, who, it is al
eged, have interests in Bacon place
property. The writer states that consid
erable money has l>(-<»n raised to fight us,
something like $12,000. I know of no per
foii in the city by the name of Jules Ray
mond. His name is not in the directory.
I am inclined to think that the letter was
Fent by some person interested in pre
venting the condemnation of the property.
The writer might suppose that I would
publish the letter, which really contains
charges against Supervisors whose names
II r<- not given, thereby prejudicing our
npr> before the board when the matter
tomes up. 1 do not believe that any of
WILL WEAR THE TRAGIC MASK.
Miss Eleanor Sanford of Oakland, Who Will
Make Her Debut as Desdemona.
cal commendation from all sides. This new effort will be of a differ
ent character, and not a spare moment is being wasted by the latest
acquisition to the footjight ranks in her presentation of Desdemona.
The performance of "Othello" will be for charity. A cast of
well known amateurs will present the other characters.
the Supervisors are against us 1n the
proposed cleaning out of the dives, nor
will they, in my opinion, object to the
park project. That some property-owners
will object seems certain, but their pro
test ought not to avail.
"This movement is not sectarian by any
means. The vestry of Grace Episcopal
Church has passed resolutions formally
Indorsing the park as planned and these
resolutions were read at the Saturday
evening meeting. Men of all creeds are
behind it."
"We will have to move against Bacon
place, while we are about the good
work," said Attorney Shadburne, who is
taking a prominent part In the move
ment. "It would never do to leave that
pest hole right up against the side of the
proposed park. The bad element has all
been ejected from the neighborhood.
Bacon place being the only spot where
the women are still permitted to remain.
For some reason it has been deemed diffi
cult in the past to attack the dens in Ba
con place. Under various city adminis
trations the owners of property there
seemed to have a pull with the existing
powers. Now. however, that the gooa
work has so far progressed, there Is no
reason why the attack should not be car
ried into the last place of refuge.
"Within the last few days I have con
sulted with many leading- citizens and
without exception they are in favor of
the movement to create a park on the
proposed site. There will be no trouble
in raising the $25,000 required from private
subscriptions, if the city will contribute
the $75,000 asked. It is useless to say
that the buildings recently vacated in
this locality will long remain so, unless
rased to the ground. The dissolute white
women will undoubtedly be kept out, but
a worse class of Chinese will certainly
take possession in the near future and
make the spot even worse than it has
been In the past. The buildings must be
condemned and torn down and a park
placed there if San Francisco would be
permanently rid of one of the foulest
places on Its surface.."
DAN GREEN MEETS TEFEAT.
Bested by Sid Cavill at Sutro's
Baths — A Fireman's Fast Horse.
Dan Green, fonsidered a champion
swimmer in local sporting circles, was de
feated yesterday at Sutro Baths by Sid
Oavill, champion of Australia, and if, in
the near future, some man is not pro
duced from the East capable of leaving
Cavil] in his wake, the Australian's cards
will bc-ar the fact that he is champion
of America as well as the land of his
birth. The race between Cavill and Green
was close, Cavill crossing the line at the
220 yard mark, but a few feet ahead of
his opponent. The time was 2:33.
L. Maare won the fifty yard juvenile
race, G. Dodgrey second; C. Dastick won
the seventy-five yard juvenile race, G.
Wlllard second: A. Schultf ag-a.ln took
the prize in the springboard contest, and
A. J. Baker was declared winner in the
trapeze diving contest.
The bf-autlful weather of yesterday
called out unusually large crowds. The
park and beach were thronged with pleas-
ure seekers, a great majority of whom
did not turn toward their homes until
late in the evening. No accidents occurred
to mar the enjoyment of the day, and
but ('lie incident worthy of notice came
to pass. Dennis Maloy. a fireman on the
United States transport City of Sydney,
was trying out a spirited horse when he
was overhauled by one of the mounted
police and taken to the Park Station,
where the officer intended to book him on
a charge of fa.st driving. Captain Thomp
son, when the prisoner explained that he
was just off the transport and was en
joying an outing, ordered the fireman's re
lease, and he continued on his drive, but
with less speed.
CALIFORNIA SCEUETZEN CLUjB.
The Utschigs, Father and Son, Take
the Best Prir:s.
The California Bchoetxen Club com
pleted Its regular monthly medal shoot at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. John Utsfhig
Sr. and his son. John Utsrhlg Jr., made
the two highest scores and were pre
sented with the championship medals.
Following are the scores made by this
club. Two prizes were distributed in each
class shoot.
Champion clasp— John Utschlß Sr.. 430. Sec
ond championship clasp — John Utschlg Jr., 404;
Captain F. Kuhls. 403. First rlass— O. Brerner,
425; N. Fredericks. XS7. Second class— J. Fetz.
40.1; Charlos KRing. 3<W. Thlr.! class— A. Juns
hlut tK: A. Hnn-.phPl. 373. Fourth class— J. H.
Suss. 402; \V. Wolden, 320; F-. Woene, 34<S; O.
Kullrrnnn. 27f1. First best shot— F. C. Muller,
18. Last best shot— H. Stettin, 25.
Next Sunday the San Francisco Turn
ers, Gruetlt and Turn VerHn clubs will
hold their regular monthly bullseye shoot.
Another young society
woman has taken to the foot
lights. On September 30 Miss
Eleanor Sanford, the daughter
of the Treasurer of Alameda
County, will make her debut
as Desdemona In a perform
ance of "Othello," at the Cali
fornia Theater. Miss Sanford
is well known in the society
circles of both this city and
Oakland. She is a tall, hand
some girl of the demi-bionde
type. The "sweet Desdemona"
will not be her first histrionic
venture, for she has appeared
in many amateur perform
ances, and the success that she
attained therein assures an
other feather in her theatric
hat. Miss Sanford is studying
the part of the much wronged
woman night and day. She
does not hope to introduce
anything new in her interpre
tation of the character, but
will try and follow the crea
tions of some of those who
have gone before.
At the Irish fair Miss San
ford acted In some of the im
promptu plays, and won criti-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
A GOOSE EGG FOR
THE ATHLETICS
Russell Does Splendid
Twirling.
GIVEN GREAT TEAM SUPPORT
LANGE PERFORMS WONDERS
WITH ONE HAND.
Stultz Does Some Wild Throwing,
and His Blunders Give the
Oaklanders Their
Rons.
By Joe Corbett.
A very close and exciting game was the
programme yesterday afternoon at Rec
reation Park, in which the Oaklands,
through the splendid twirling of Russell,
and the great support accorded him by
his club mates, defeated, or rather shut
out, the Athletics by the score of 4 to 0.
One-handed stops by Lange, which are
seldom seen at this extreme of base
balldom, together with the all-around
clever work of the Oaklands, are quite
worthy of mention, as Is also the poor
throwing of Stultz, who by his mistakes
pave the winners nearly all their runs.
A big crowd was in attendance. Tho
came was interesting and exciting
throughout, and the good work of the
Oaklands was appreciated: The score
follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 1112 0 0
O'Neill, 2 b 3 0 0 0 5 5 0
Lange, 3 b 2 1 0 0* 0 7 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hardle, r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Bliss, 1 b 3 1 0 0 15 0 0
Sohmeer, s. 8 4 0 1 1 2 3 1
Mi^klmun, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kussell, p 2 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 29 4 5 2 27 17 1
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SI3. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, r. f 4 0 10 110
Riley, 2 b 4 0 1 0 0 3 0
M.-Laughlln, 1. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Stultz. s. s 2 0 0 0 3 5 3
Johnson, 3 b 2 0 0 0 3 3 1
Scott, 1 b 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
rr.nl. c 4 0 112 10
Slicphan. c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 110
Totals 31 1 o 1 24 14 4
RUNS BY IXNIN'OS.
Athletics 0 0 0 0 0 0 8 0 o—o
Base hits 1 0 11110 0 o—s
Oakland 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 •— 5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Russell, 1: Fitzpatrick,
1. Two-buse hits— Sullivan, Hildebrand, Ford.
Hnc.rlllce hits — She,ehan, Lanffe. Base on errors
—Oakland, 3: Athletics, 1. Hases on balls—Oak
land, 3: Athletics. 4. I>ft on bases— Oakland.
6; Athletics, 9. Struck nut— By Fitzpatrick. 2;
bj- Russell. 0. Hit by pitcher— Ruxsell. Double
plays— Johnson to Scott; Schmeer to O'Neill to
miss. Passed ball— Ford. Time of game- 1:40.
Umpire— Hu«h Smith.
The Pitchers Were Battled.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 11.— At the end of a
poorly played game to-day the score
stood: San Jose, 8; Santa Cruz. 7. Dau
benbis and Thomas, the pitchers, seemed
to bo rattled and sent ten men to bases
on balls. The last few innings showed
steadier work. There was a tie In th^
ninth, and in the tenth, Pyne, with a two
bagger, won. Score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrockoff, 3 b 5 0 0 0 3 8 1
Hanley, 1. t 4 3 3 0 0 0 0
I'yne, a. b 4 2 3 0 2 0 0
MrCucken, c. f 5 1 0 0 8 < 0
Hanlon, 1 b 5 1 1 0 17 1 0
Kl?an, 2b 4 1 2 1 3 2 0
Folejr, r. f 4 0 1 1 0 0 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Thomas, p 5 0 1 1 0 8 0
Total 40 S 11 3 30 12 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclntyre c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Williams, s. s 3 0 1 2 4 0 1
]>evereaux, 3 b 3 2 0 0 4 2 0
Streib, I. f 5 110 0 0 0
Daubenbls, o 5 1 3 0 4 0 0
Arrellanes, 2 b 4 110 8 2 1
Fltzßerald. lb 3 1 1 1 8 1 1
Surge, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Daubenbis, p 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 35 7 8 1 23 11 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 5 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 I—B
Base hits 4 20012001 1-11
Santa Cruz 1 222000000—7
Base hits 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 0 0 o—B
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Uaubenbts 0. Thomas 4.
Three-base hit— C. Daubenbls. Two-base hits—
Pyne, Kgan 2. Laft on bases— Santa Cruz 8,
San Jose 12. Bases on balls — By Daubenbls 4'
by Thomas 1. Hit by pitcher — Pyne. Double
plays— McGucken to Hanlon; Devereaux to
Arrellanes to Fitzgerald. Umpire — Cramer.
Won From the Brewers.
STOCKTON, Sept. 11.— To-day's was the
first ten inning: game tho Gilt Edge team
has played and they lost it. Stockton
showed the Brewers a new wrinkle or
two and won by a score of 3 to 1 in the
tenth. The score was as follows:
SACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeplee, 8 b 6 0 0 0 0.0
IluUhlneon, 2 b I 0 1 0 i i o
Doyle, r . 4 4JBOOOI
Stanley, c. ... 4 0 10 9 0 0
Lockhead. 8 8.... 801 01 3 1
Walker, cf.. 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Shanahan, 1 b 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Borland, 1. t. ........ 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Harvey, p. 4 0 10 0 3 1
Totals 39 T ~ 0 *29 11 3
;,:%'' :V - STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b 4 1 2 0 13 0 . 0
Phil Knell, rf. 5020100
Nick Smith, 2 b 5 2 0 0 130
Pace, c ............. 5 0 2 0 6 3 1
Billings, b. 5........ 5 0 0 0 2 2 0
Borchers, p 5 0 0 ;0 0 3 0
Rice. c. t..'. 4 0 10 3 0 0
Mullet-. 1. f. 3 0 0 12 0 1
M. White, 3 b 3000 2 60
Totals ........ 39 - 3 7 1v 80 16 2
•Two out when winning: run was scored.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 100000060 2—3
Base hits 2 00010010 3—7
Sacramento ......... .,1 ' 00000000 0 —
Base hits ...........3 00101011 o—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 1, Harvey 3.
Two-base hits— Lockhead. Sacrifice hits
—Knell. Stanley. First base on • errors—Stock
ton 2. • Left on bases— Stockton 8. Sacramento
6. Banes on balls — Off Borchers 2, : oft Harvey
2. Struck out — By Borchers 3, by Harvey 5.
Hit by pitched Selna. Passed ball—Stan
ley. Time of game— Umpire— J. O'Connell.
:,.„-.■- ■ . - .
A Slow Game.
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 11.— The San
Franciscos and Watsonvllles played a
slow and listless game here to-day. Up
to th© eighth inning, the score was 6 to 5
in favor of Watsonville. Then the Frisco
bo>-B commenced to hammer Donlin until
at the end of the ninth, the game was
theirs by a score of 11 to 7.
Stockton Leaders Dubbed.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. 11.-In the game
to-day between the San Francisco Clip
pers and Stockton leaders the latter were
defeated. Score 6 to 4.
CYCLER BOZIO LOWERS
THE TEN-MILE RECORD
CLIPS TWO MINUTES FROM THE
PREVIOUS TIME.
Successful Race of Olympic Club
Wheelmen Over the San Leandro
Road.
The ten mile road record of the Pacific
Coast was broken yesterday afternoon by
E. A. Eozlo of the Olympic Wheelmen,
who established a new mark of 22:04.
The most remarkable feature of the
ride was the fact that Bozlo had ridden
to San Leandro in the morning with the
men of his club and had participated in
the club race from that point to Hay
wards, finishing fourth and making sec
ond fastest time.
It had been announced that after the
race J. E. Wing would attempt to lower
the ten mile record, but Wing, finding the
course In poor condition, refused to make
the attempt. Bozio thereupon decided to
try for the record himself, and took the
train to Fruitvale, accompanied by pace
makers and timers. Curtis and Bean, on
a tandem, furnished the pace for the first
three mile 6. Fuller and Russ on singles
then paced Bozlo, each going a mile with
him. A triyilet manned by Wing, Kroetz
and Kragness took the record breaker
from San Leandro to the junction of the
county and San Lorenzo roads.
Here a bad quarter of a mile was found,
the road having been covered for that dis
tance with fresh gravel, as yet unrolled.
Anthony and Naee. on a tandem, took
Bozio from this point to the finish, though
they were in poor condition. Bozio passed
them out in the sprint for the tape.
When the timers consulted their watches
it was found that the coast record had
been lowered over two minutes, and had
the road been in better condition the
world's record for ten miles on the road
would doubtless have been secured. Bozlo
has made frequent attacks upon the rec
ord, but never went through without an
accident.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen's five mile
road race was started at 11:30 from San
Leandro. Ten riders entered and all fin
ished, though Bean and "Young" Bozio
were thrown at the gravel-covered por
tion of the course. Bean being severely
bruised.
L. H. Smith won the prize offered for
the first place, riding from the 1:25 mark,
and O. E. Bozio finished a close second.
Then came the four scratch men. Wing,
A. E. Bozio, Russ and Fuller, riding In
the order named and paced by one an
other.
Eddie Adams, the club's mascot, rode
his first race, and, considering the lad's
fifteen years, he made a commendable
ride.
Wing captured first time prize In addi
tion to that offered for third place, but
declined to go over the road again that
day.
Net
Time.
RIDER.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
L. H. Smith .
O. E. Bozlo !
J. E. Wing
E. A. Bor.lo ..
E. F. Ru55. ..'....
George P. Fuller
H. D. 8ean....;......
Eddie Adams
George Kroetz
C. C. Williams
1:15
Scratch.
Scratch.
Scratch.
Scratch.
:45
2.00
:45
1:25
14:19
14:20
13:15
13:15:01
13:16
13:20
14:15
15:30
15:45
16:00
PACIFICS WIN A GAME.
Champion Alameda Cricket Team Was
Beaten Yesterday at Golden
Gate by Nine Huns.
The fifth match of the season between
the Alameda and Pacific elevens, the
llrst innings of which was played on Sep
tember 4, was continued yesterday at the
Golden Gate ground. The Pacifies, being
81 runs behind on the first Innings, fol
lowed on. C. P. Colts and J. J. Theobald
made so good a stand, the former scoring
72 runs, and the latter 51, that the Pacific
total for the innings reached 2590. Th#i,
added to the 76 made in the first Innings,
produced a grand total of 335 for both
Innings, leaving Alameda 179 runs to score
in order to win. When the fifth wicket
fell Alameda had scored 142 runs, and vic
tory seemed almost within their grasp.
But the eighth wicket fell for 169 runs,
and, as they played two men short, the
innings was closed. The Alameda total
for both Innings was thus 32G, or 9 short
of the Pacific total. F. Croll was the
most successful of the Alameda bowlers;
taking 4 wickets for 07 runs. For the Pa
cifies F. Sewell took 3 wickets, but at the
rather high cost of 70 runs. The full
ecore Is appended:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
Second Innings —
G. Theobald b. Saundrrs 6
E. F. Masßon c. Seebeck b. Saunders 12
F. Sewell c. Croll b. Drlffleld 14
C. P. Coles b. Saunders 72
J. J. Theobald b. Croll 51
T. W. G. Wallace c. Croll b. Hogue 35
J. H. Harbour c. Bubs, b. Croll 14
H. 11. Cookson not out 16
\V. G. Fortman c. subs. b. Croll 10
A. Willis c. and b. Croll 0
Wide, 1; leg byes, 3; byes, 25 29
Total second Innings 259
Total first Innings 70
Grand total both Innings 335
Runs at the fall of each wicket— l for 28 2
for 31, 3 tor 84. 4 for 145, 5 for IST, 6 for 215, 7
for 239, 8 for 250. 9 for 2.19, 10 for 2.~9.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs
J. H. Saunders.... 109 88 1 3 23 1-3
F. Croll 102 67 8 4 16 3-4
F. C. Drlffleld 42 19 2 1 19
J. J. R. Peel 18 24 0 0
R. B. Hogue 30 32 0 1 32
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
Second Innings —
R. B. Hor-up st. G. Theobald b. Sewell 39
G. B. Wise c. Willis b. Sewell 22
J. J. Moriarlty run out 40
F. Croll c. subs. b. Harbour 9
J. J. R. Peel c. G. Theobald b. Coles H
J. H. Saunders gt. G. Theobald b. Sewell... li
F. C. Drlffleld c. G. Theobald b. Cookson.... 6
V. S»ebeck not out 19
F. Plahl c. Harbour b. Coles 0
Wide?, 2; leg bye. 1; byes, 9 12
Total second Innings 189
Total first innings 157
Grand total both Innlnps 326
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- Wick- Ay
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets, runs
H. H. Cookson 104 67 2 1 67 '
F. Sewell 85 70 1 3 23 1-3
J. H. Harbour 24 12 0 1 12
C. P. Coles 17 8 1 2 4
In the Handball Ccurt.
A charming clay, an enthusiastic audi
ence and crack players in the enclosure
of Phil Ryan's handbaJl court at 858
Howard street was one of the sporting at
tractions yesterday afternoon. The
scores of the games axe as foilows:
P. Foley and M. Fogerty defeated P. Herrln
and M. J. Casey. Sooro, 21-18. 16-21, 21-20.
B. Clement* and T. Clements defeated W.
Hassell and E. Antron. Score, 21-15. 19-21. 21-14.
H. Racoulllat defeated C. Talo. Score, 21-20,
IG-21, 21-18.
P. Ryan and M. Basch defeated J. Condon
and W. Manlon. Score. 21-13, 15-21, 81-19.
In a triple handicap game M. Magulre and
D. Regan defeated E. Curley. Score, 21-16.
18-21, 21-19.
O. Lindauer and G. McDonald defeated M.
McNeil and W. Manion. Score, 21-16, 15-21.
21-18.
J. Dowllng and T. Foley defeated J. Mc-
Carthy and M. McClure. Score, 21-19, 17-81,
21-IS.
T. Leach and J. Condon defeated W. Craig
and J. Hogan. Score, 21-13. 14-21. 21-19.
M. Basch and M. Berwin defeated J. Hogan
and F. Jordan. Score. 21-15, 17-21. 21-18.
M. J. Kllgallon and J. White defeated R.
Llnehan and E. MaJoney. Score, 21-18. 17-21.
21-20.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Johnson, Reno E J Baker, L Ang
R C Weber. Nev j Green, Boston
Mrs J P Myers. Cal Mrs M C Smith, Cal
E G Manasse, Napa B V Harris. Eureka
W A Gordon, S Jose Mrs M D Glldden, Cal
S Middlemas, Fresno Mrs E L Williams, Cal
V Woods, Cal J Anderson, N V
C H Falrall. Stktn ,F J Kroft, L Ang
J H Klelser. P Alto W E Burden & w, Cal
F Armstrong, S Jose iMrs C H Burden, Cal
M A Patterson. Oaklnd A E Ingeraoll. Cal
C W Baker, Chicago B M Gill, Dunsmulr
C N Farber, S Cruz G U McKee, S Jose
N Levy. Visalia A de Rochebrune Jr, S
G G Halllday, Vallejo ; Jose
0 W Ravenecroft, Cal I F J Ferguson & w, Cal
F Funston, Presidio |W R Mumma, Grand
W H Sigrourney, Cal | Isle
J Sarbory. Oakland ;P Jacobs & w, EJlko
W J Doherty, Cal |H Thorp, Sacto
E Doherty, Cal W A Clinch. Cal
J D Brown, Cal A S Tibbettß, Cal
X Heyn. Madison S P Hall. Dlxon
W Behrens, NY JO Reed, L Alamltoe
Mips M W Pierce, Cal 3 F Trewlth. Cal
E Joseph, Vkiaji R R Sanborn, L An*
G Turner, Vancouver
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O R Palmer, U S V P W New, Chicago
T P Bane, S Rosa |B B Rlcaby. N V
W Bragg, Sacto |F Brooks, Mont
3 Strone. Sacto J Tobrtner, Oakland
F G Bartlett. Cal |J F Dearth, Cal
H J Nupsbenrer, Napa S H Alexander, Fresno
F Prather, Stktn W C Noble, Modjeska
D J Tobln &w, Cal I Co.
M Markheim. Stktn lAnna Proctor, Boston
3 Conway. Stktn J C Fisher & w, Cal
C M Christy, US N C Buzenta. N T
J L Ruby, Vallejo Mrs C Buzenta & m,
R E Doyle. Vallejo N T
O Lomplng. Seattle L F Stuta, Petaluma.
V L McKeen, Seattle O E Wllhoit. Stktn
H Shield, Cal A Alegretti, Stktn
G F Youne. Modesto C M Hunter. L An*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
W S Little & w. Wash J Van Baum, Napa
J McDonald, Petaluma E E Elliott, R Vidta
Mrs Sulten, Stktn
J Welsh, Benlcia Miss Johnson, Stktn
Miss A Wels.i. Benlcia R V,' Strong, L Ang
C Reese, IJenlcia L Van Geison, Onio
W Stack, Sac.c C Good. Sonora
L F Whiting. Cal IP F Watson, S Jo 8»
A D Paul. OaKd Us M C Taylor. VUali*
C B Scott, R Vista I L Ross, L Ang
J Wessenger, Stktn
PALACE HOTEL.
M Zlntgraf. Antwerp I A Bradley, Phtla
S Wetll w & m. N V O J Mueller, L Ang
G S Heln, London F G Mover, N V
E O Hull. Stanford C E Lo<>ke, Chicago
J Gates, Hongkong- IF May hew, Stanford
W E Gilmore & w, NY D Schwab, N V
A Haush &w, N V Mrs Antonieakl, L Ang
G Ingoldsby, Chicago
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of MarKet and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street: open until 8:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61Ji Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2026 Mission Btreet; open until t o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. y.Vr
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, RoyaJ •
Arch Masons meets THIS " EVEN- _*\_
ING. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. jKJT
By Instructions of the H. P. r^r *
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1539 Flll-^\-
more —First degree THIS 'MoN'-TX
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^r A
order of the Master. -••;;■"..-• •
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M. •
Funeral notice. Officers and members _#V_
are requested to assemble at Masonic jKjT
Temple on MONDAY, 12th tnst., at /^T>
12:30 o'clock, for the purpose of conducting
the funeral services of our late brother,
PETER C. I*. THRANE, By order of the
W. M. FREDERICK BARRY,
Secretary.
NOTICE— will be a meeting of the
Journeymen Plasterers on MONDAY NIGHT,
at 8 o'clock, at Academy . Hall, 927 Mission
St. AH are expected to attend.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
LAUNDRESS situation wanted by one having
3 years' reference from one of our first fam- ,
ilies; also French second girl wants a situa-
tion ._SeeJ F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Batter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; best references;:
city or country. MISS CULLEN, . 325 Sutter.
NEAT young German cook and housework girl
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl desires situation in the coun-
try; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT second girl desires situation, $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, reliable young German woman desires
situation as nurse, laundress or any kind of
work in Institution; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL and boarding house keepers— have
now on hand a number of first-class wait-
resses and chambermaids awaiting positions
In city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SWEDISH first-class cook; understands all
branches; best references. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, 313 Sutter st.; tel. Green 721.
RELIABLE New England woman wishes place
where there are young children; sewing,
housekeeping, cooking; wages very moderate;
good references. Call 10 to 4. 117 Fell St., oft
Hayes, bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
AN experienced English nurse wishes an en-
gagement: can take entire charge from birth;
13 years' references; wages $30. MISS
DAVEY. Hackmler's Hotel, Eddy st.
YOUNG ; lady. German, wishes a. situation as
nurse or nursery governess; can give good
references. Apply at 523& Grove st., near
Lacuna. , :
TRUSTWORTHY middle-aced woman wants
position as a cook, or would do housework;
■ city or country; moderate wages. 608 Jones
: st., near Geary. ■ ' ■ '
LADY wants a position at chamberwork and
sewing; is a first-class seamstress. Room 12,
second floor, IKTS Market st. v- ■.'■. ,.:
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl; first-
class cook; good reference. 51$ McAllister
St.. near Van Ness aye. '■
POSITION at chamber work and sewing, by
a first-class seamstress. Address box 1226,
Call office.
SWEDISH woman, first-class cook, wishes sit-
uation: understands all kinds of cooking;
gor.rl references; $30 to $36. 2100 Washington.
GERMAN American widow wishes three or
four hours' work a day, or help in a restaur-
ant kitohen. Box 1725. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework or cooking. 27Vi Clementina St.,
between First and Second.
WANTED — Apprentice with somo experience
on custom-mnde coats; paid while learning.
222 Seventh st.
STRONG young woman would" like nursing or
any kind of work by the day: good refer-
ence. 124 Ivy aye., near Van Ness.
OMFETHNT young woman with good refer-
ences wishes to do cooking or housework.
Cnll 22CT Geary st.
SWEDISH girl wants, situation to do general
housework. Please call at 94.1 Hampshire st.
GERMAN M'liman wonts to go out wanning by
the day; good references. 663 Minna st.
GERMAN girl wants situation: second work
and sewing; good waitress. 1022 Larkln st.
WANTED — By a young girl, position at general
housework. 268 Minna st.
RF.SPECTABI-iE German woman with a child
wishes situation a? working housekeeper; city
or country. Box 1732, Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wishes position
as cook In hotel or boarding house. 523 Fol-
som st., near First.
SWEDISH girl wants position as cook. 3278
Clementina st., first flat.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladles' and
children's clothes and tailor-made, wishes a
few more engagements In families; %l 25 day;
references. Apply 1212 Scott at., bet. Eddy
and Ellis.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
EXPERIENCED Danish laundress wishes work
by the day. 17 Washington aye., oft Mission
st.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook: city
reference. Address W. X.. box 6tt, Call.
STRONG woman wants work by the day
washing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Box 1213.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wishes situation as
working housekeeper; best of references;
country preferred. Address E. M., Box 121S,
Call office.
WANTED by a glrl of 13, place to do house-
work; object good home. Call at £64 Mission
St.. in the evening.
CHICAGO lady tailoress; all kinds of work
well done and reasonable. Call or address
108 Fourth st.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position to do general housework in small
family; good plain cook; wages $15 to $20.
152 Erie St., bet. 13th and 14th, near Folsom.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position ln
country as housekeeper, nursery governess or
any light work: willing, cheerful disposition;
best references. Address box 919. Call.
AS housekeeper by elderly American widow;
good cook and laundress; likes children; a
home the chief object. 230 Minna st.
COMPETENT and refined lady wlahes posi-
tion as housekeeper ln hotel or lodging-
house or any position of tru3t; references if
required. Address W., box 902, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN glrl wants situation as
chambermaid and assist aa lady's maid; city
or country; best references. Address box 91J,
Call office.
WANTED— First-cUuie place as housekeeper;
best of reference. Address M. HITCHCOCK.
Elmhurst, Cal.
ELEVENTH, 10«— Branch office or The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRAX>LEY A CO.. «40 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414S O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42*.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary: tel. Qrant St.
EXPERIENCED accountant, bookkeeper, audi-
tor, ln commercial, banking and corporation
work; rapid, accurate, practical; will con-
sider a change where these requirements are
needed. Box 1230, Call office.
iXPERIENCED janitor and grocery clerk
wishes place grocery and bar room; speaks
English and German; good Oakland refer-
ences. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny st.
GOOD cook and housekeeper wants position In
city or country. Address MRS. A., box 1122,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bread foreman wishes employ-
ment; best of reference. Apply 340 Golden
Gate aye.
YOUNG man would like a position in a whole-
sale house or some electric plant to learn
the business; wages to suit. 122 Post St.,
room 20.
ENGINEER and machinist. 30 years old; not
afraid of hani work; can run, put up or repair
any kind of machinery; willing to go any-
where. Box 1300 Call office.
PLUMBER, first class, will work for property-
owner or estate by the day or month; best of
references as to integrity and workman-
ship; has all necessary shop tools. Address
Plumber, box 924. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by baker and confection-
er: good ornamentor. 127 Arlington st.
WANTED— By young Englishman, position as
second butler. Address H., box 10, Call office,
Oakland.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small hotel or restaurant as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place five
years. Address A. S., box 91S, Call office.
BRIGHT Japanese wants position aa house-
worker and waiter. 849 Bush Bt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED early Monday morning— Laundress,
private family, $25; German cook, no wash,
♦30; German or Scandinavian cook, plain
wash, $25; a number of young girls for cook-
ing and housework, $20 and $25; three neat
waitresses, $20 and $6 a week; French and
German nurses, $20 and $26. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined woman as companion
and light housework, Siekiyou County, $12;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH or German maid, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, one baby, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $15; country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, $40 to $60, see party here 12:30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
CHAMBERMAID, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st.
WOMAN with a child as working housekeeper,
$10, see gentleman here 10:30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $6 per week. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter or sister as cook and
second girl, $35; city. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK, $35; second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN.
525 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, $25 to $30. MISS CUL-
LEIs\ 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN,
128 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country. $20.
MISS CTTLLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 In family. $25; cook. San
Jose, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Bakersfleld, $25; Oakland, $20;
20 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$2.V, S young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN Irish Catholic housework girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT nurse girl, $10. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
E~R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., wants
to-day: 5 waitresses, countr— hotels, $20; 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $6; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses, $20: hotel cook, $30 to
$35, see party here; 2 lancy ironers, country,
$10 a week; 2 fane*- Ironers, city, $30; plain
laundress, country hftel, $20.
GERMAN family cook. $35; German cook. $30;
houseglrls for San Rafael, Oakland, Alame-
da, $20 each, see parties in our office this
morning; 10 houseglrls, city, $20 and $25; 2."
young girls to assist. $12, $15, $18. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AN experienced girl for candy store, $6 a week
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, institution, $25: second girl, $20; nurse,
$20; cook, private family, $35; 2 cooks, $25
and $30; house girl, $20, 2 In family; 2 house
girls, $25 each. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
10 HOUSE girls, $20 each ; a number of young
girls to assist, $10 to $15; house girl, country,
$20: middle-aged woman, $15; waitress. $20-
nurse girl, $10. MRS. NORTON, 31J Sutter.
V ANTED— First-class American cook, $40 to
$45; 2 laundresses, $25 each; German cooks,
$30; girl, country, $25; French girl for house-
work, $25; girls for housework, $25 and $20;
a number of young German and Swedish girls
to fill our places. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st.
WOMAN with a child under ten years of age
as housekeeper; widower's family; country
$15. fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
COOK, family of 3. $25; cook, 2 In family. $25;
waitress, $20; 3 nurse girls, $12; 10 girls for
housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
OMPETENT woman. SS, working house-
keeper; good cook; Protestant preferred. Call
Monday morning, 10 to 12, 4118 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for general housework. 121SA Fulton
st.. near Scott.
GIRLS for dressmaking and apprentice wanted
at 1407 Laguna st.
WANTED— Apprentice with some experl^nre
on custom coats; must go errands. 623H Post.
WANTED— Young girl; light boOKWOric; as-
sist with child; $10. 565 Bryant St., near 4th.
WANTED— A competent girl for downstairs
work and cooking. 12fi9 McAllister st.
WANTED— A young lady to teach In the
country. Apply Girls' Directory. Central aye.
GIRL wanted for housework. Call after 9
a. m. at 234 Twelfth st.
COATMAKER.S and coat operators wanted.
Apply TviT Third st.
EXPERIENCED girl for housework; German
preferred. Call 1627 Oak st.
WANTED— A young girl to do general house-
work. Apply at 1726 Bush st. before 12 m.
NEAT v.oman for housework and baby; small
wages. 15 Harriet st. after 10.
GIRL for light housework, $10 to $12. 710 Cole
st., back of Chutes.
WANTED— Finishers on custom-made coats;
steady work; good wages. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist at light house-
work. Call at 1316% Mission St., near Ninth.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework; sleep
home; $6 month. 726 Fulton, near Buchanan.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
bet. 9 and 12. 1220 Eddy st.
HELP WASTED- Continued. . j
GIRL to assist light housework and children';
San Mateo. Call early, forenoon, 725 Golden
Gate aye. . : . .-. ■.-■, ,..„ ■■ -^| ;
A X ED GIrI to wait at table In restaurant:
830 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on coats; also girl to
learn. Box 1231, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl. "~JT or 16, assist light
housework. 1430 Leavenworth st. j
RE^f EE D CTA , BL glrl to assist at housework ':
and care _f or baby; 35 month. 517 Jessie st.
WANTED— Girl for kitchen work- wages $7 per
month. 1305 Mission st., bakery. .
T m r J^ R K E » S Jvnnte<lJ vnnte<1 on~custo~m coats and
_ m . aJ l' ? _ v i tt g nholes : g Qod wages. 140 Rues st.
T s;™ o 1^; yi&srg* "•— » *
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom ialns^
steady work. 411H Kearny st.
g ff^^/^tea£n«gg <"°"*n
TyrW? BiSt lD hh — rk; ,
A .^ E a?~B G r r nn a fl nnlBhern nl8her ° n PaM9 - '
YOUNG German girl wanted; lleht -housework
?o" W^Thlnl'st^ no cooking; wages »
WANTED— An experienced nurse girl to tak«
lsY4 e G°ough UU s nn t X Child ' CaU M ° nday ««S«£
YOUNG girl to take care of one child; small
wages; good home. 732 Green st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt hands. 823 Sutter
st.. from 9 to 12. »*w
TWO young ladles to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts- &
je^ inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post. .
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
WANTED— 2 machinists for mine. $2 60 day;
4 quartz miners. $2 50 day; 50 laborers for city
and country. $1 day and board, $1 30 day and
board and $2 day; 2 quarrymen. $30 and found
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO .
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man and wife, private family, $40
see boss here to-day; farmer and wife. $35 ';
butter maker and separator man, $30 to $35;
farmers. $20; 2 sheep herders, $20; choreman
for small ranch. $10 and found; 2 young men
to care for invalid, $15 and found; boy for
butcher shop, $5 week and increase, and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cabin boy, $20 and found; } board-
lng house cooks, $30 and $40; restaurant cook,
$35; hotel and restaurant waiters, $20. $25 and
$32 50; dishwashers, pot washers and others
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
GOVERNMENT WORK
See superintendent at our office
Concrete finisher $3 a "day
5 laborers to mix concrete $2 40 a day
Fre e fare Fre fare for
10 four-horse teamsters $2 a day
20 two-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
Thi? for new railroad work and free fare
20 laborers, city work, $1 50 a day; teamsters
for the city, $1 75 a day and $2fi and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
20 MEN to go to Sonoma County to make 4x6
4-foot redwood posts, tools and provisions ad-
vanced; also woodchoppers
For harvester, cleaner, tender and
derrick forkers
25 ranch teamsters, $25 and found; hay balers]
18 cents a ton; farm hands: stableman, $23
and found; hostler, livery stable, $25 and
found; tail edger, $30 to $35 and found; quarry
man, who can handle powder, $2 a day;
choreman for an orchard. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
COOKS, waiters and dishwashers, different city
and country hotels, boarding-houses and res-
taurants; bell boy. city hotel, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READDY. 634 and 6J6 Oay st
WANTED— Harnessmaker for a ranch $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
READ the San Francisco Evening Dally Re-
port for the Employment Agents afternoon
advertisements. MURRAY & RDADY. 034
and 636 Clay Bt.
SECOND cook, $75; meat cook, eating house,
'4 fare paid. $50: short-order cook, country,
$43 and room; hotel baker, $33; German hotel
cook, country, $40; 2 wait»rs, $32 50: waiter,
mine, $23; cajnp waiter, $20; oysterman, $30;
polisher, hotel laundry, $30 and found; dish-
washer. $30; vegetable man, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
23 TEAMSTERS and laborers; regular wages;
coast road Free fare.
a R. HANSEN <fc CO.. 104 Geary gt.
25 LABORERS for a large mine and smelter;
no experience required; steady work; wages
$1 60 to %?. 10 a day: board 500 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
9 SWAMPERS. $33 and board; 10 laborers for
a sawmill. $26 and board; 3 laborers, near
city, $1 25 a day and board; 2 laborers to fire
a lime kiln, $1 a day and board; 4 teamsters,
city. $1 75 a day; 20 laborers for a ditch com-
pnny. $20 and board ■
5 fruit pickers, S2<! and board
25 two-horse teamsters for railroad work,
free fare — free fare
700 laborers and teamsters for British Colum-
bia and Alaska; call at our office and zet
particulars. C. R. HANPEN & CO., 104 "eary.
WANTED— Attendant for an Institution for
hoys: short distance in country; must be
young man: salary $25 per month and found.
W. D. KWTCR <fc CO., 626 Clny st.
WANTED— IO laborers about mine in Napa
Co $27 50 per month and board: 3 men to
bale hay, 14c per ton: 2 ranch teamsters. $20;
sniper and jarkscrptvor, $30 nnrl board and
free fare; also farmers, milkers, dishwashers.
$2V vegetable man. $25: dishwasher, country
hotel $20. fare advanced: cooks and others.
W D. EWER & CO.. 62fi Clay st.
3 COOPERS, slack work. $30 and board: labor-
er for mine. $<">0 and board; farm hand, stock
rrtnrh, $20; 6 laborers, country, $20 and hoard,
stoady work; 10 woodchoppers, good outlay;
3 farmers, near city, $15. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
SECOND butler, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — A saloon porter to do general clean-
Ing and wait at lunch table from 11 to 2. 3
California st.
COATMAKER for country- Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st. " •
WANTED— A man to wait at table and make
up beds. 1300 Turk St.
WANTED-A second conk, wages $15, at th»
Washington Hotel, 624 Fourth st.
WANTED— Bootblack. Apply S3hi Turk st.
WANTED— 2 painters at 410 Fifth st.
YOUNG man to learn practical chronometer
and watchmaker. 6 Market st. '
BARBER wanted; partner preferred. Brook-
lyn Hotel. 210 Bush st.___
2 ! BOYS : toTell a new article; good seller; bl«
profits. Call 711 Minna st J ■
B\RBER wanted to buy shop; good trade;
cheap rent. 227' i Second st.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; experienced in
grocery or crockery lines. Box 1210, Call.
BOY to learn pants making and go on errands.
Apply 435 Minna st.
WANTED— Experienced boy on Gordon presses.
PATTERPON, 429 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for our children's de-
partment; must be able to dress windows.
JONAS CLOTHING CO., Oakland.
WANTED— A good railing maker; one that can
do his own blacksmithing. Address Pacific
Railing and Plating Works, US Union St., Se-
attle, Wash.
WANTED— 3 first-class coat makers. LOUIS
DELIA. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent and swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday Septem-
ber 19, 2p. m at 1504 Park st.'. Alameda. of
a modern barber shop; investigate before
*n\e this chance of buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
.10 years, who are citizens of the United
States , or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and hahlts and able to speak,
rend and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting oflfce, 20
Ellis St.. Saw Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that F.d Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 tn $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1104..
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, ISBH Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 85c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis at.
TRY Acmt House, 857 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; U a week.HEL* W ANTED— Continued.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
AUEtralla. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
- WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, Wo and 15c night; no and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night: reading room; '
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, j
AGENTS WANTED.
TWO Tames and two gentlemen solicitors.
LOxr CARBON co -. Press Club build-
Ing, 123 Ellis st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
1155^ Washington st.. Oakland. Oil:
FURNITURE WANTED!
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture.' mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mlat I»C4. i
H. BAUM.buys furniture and general mer- j
ehandlse. 1057 Market St.: tel. Je.ssie 32.
FLATS WANTED! ~~
WANTED— Modern separate three to five room
flat: must be cheap to two careful adults.
' Address box 1123. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Church or chapel organ. Box 939, j
• Call. . .
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of ' Art.— Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday. Wednesday and Friday even-
Ings. $5 per month or $16 per term:; antique
classes, $5 per month or $10 per tTm; (lay
classes. 5 days per week, $10 per month or
$37 60 per term; Saturday class. $12 per terra.
For further particulars apply at school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sts , to J. It. *
MARTIN, Secretary. i
A ST. CELIAN choral is being formed by M.. j
Merlgan. organist St. Dominic' 100 voices !
Wanted every Wednesday evening; entrance j
and dues first month. $1; Includes thorough j
vocal Instruction: sight reading; blackboard
used; private lessons: voice piano organ. Ap- ,
ply l to 6 p. m., hall 5, 102 O'Farrell St.. or
residence, 1302 Webster, mornings, evenings. |
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet »t.— Eook- :
keeping, business practice, thorthand, • typ- ;
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; '
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing, i
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examination*, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. . ■ ■-<■'•
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. 'C. 7407' S. Atherton. ?
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; writs for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, mm- '
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.; :
erf ISG4. VAN PER NAILI UN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslt; lessons 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal Instruc- \
tions; correct and natural method. 920 rush. ■
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott blag.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 711 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell: i
II yrs experience. Press Club bids. 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; SHakespeare
clnsses: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1134 Bunh.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 CO, postage
paid.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. •'
IV HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . •-:.■■:;-•:■;
' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $2, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth' and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house i
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 25 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every- '.
- thing -p&slble done to please and satisfy the
customer. .'. 
A-MARSHALL _ WENDELL, $75; Weber! ;
$140: Sterling $185: Curtaz, $190; HaJlett & j
Davis, $225; fine condition; guaranteed; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & CON. Chick- !
ertng Agents, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
AGENCY Hardman pianos, flne display: a high
grade upright $150; several others In bargain |
room: squares $25 and upward: splendid op-
portunities. THE J. DEWING CO.. second j
floor Flood building. ..
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost ■ price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
BOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, N-Wby. Evans,
r.rlgßf! and other pianos; fee our rent plan;
no Interest first year. JOS, 310, 312 Post st.
NEW organs rented, $1 per month: new pianos
rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CUUTAZ
PIANO CO., 500 Hayes st.
MUSIC -box cheap; the Reglna; same as new.
Address box 1217, Call office.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Stelnway. nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
' GRAND bargain, flne upright cheap for cash;
must* sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— sGo; UPRIGHT: $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
• A GOOD Upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
• LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St. y
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUIXER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price: our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so !
light It floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns
$3 60 up; gold fillings. $1 up; silver, 50 cts. up; •
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered. Examination and consultation,
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
st., cor. Market. Phone. South 7SL
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work .
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all.
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. 3d
and 4th — Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $3
up: filling, We up; crowns and bridges, $5 up;
extracting with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge Work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full get
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to ftand: open even-
Ings. 937 Market St., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
. - New York methods at New York prices by
' New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1448 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
fET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et. L__
ALL work' reasonable and . warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. •--■■■
FOR B MISCELLANEOUS.
LOT of flne family cows; cheap. ■ Inquire 1033
• Capitol aye., Ingleslde.
■ t, 5 AND 10-stamp quartz mills -choap; easy
'terms. Assay Office/ 10 Stevenson st. . , .
two Incubators, Stockton and Petaluma, 120
each; 2 Improved Stockton brooders, ■■ 160 each;
$80 outfit. Address box 1206. Call office.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH - .WOLPMAN, 1 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars,: mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, . office furniture, store and
office furniture , and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1921-1021
Mission St., above Sixth. ; . :. »
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. . Hermann Safe. Mafc. . 633 Sacramento.
BECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission »t.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records. , $5V5 V per dozen;
. projecioßCOpc. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-?r»2 Market.
J R POOL ' house mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 _ Mission : tel. So. 787.
BAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
..■tees; half original co«t 109-111 Market. , 3. , F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any ' address in : the United ,
States. ; postpaid, tor. 11 SO a year. i^^,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$76— BRANCH bakery In Mission ; "must •ell;
widow has to go East. LESS _ CO., 765
Market st. • .....■,.■.- . '
$200— FURNITURE of 5-room cottage in Clare-
mont, Oakland; chance 'to furnish and rent
cheap ; rent t $8; flne place ; very large lot.
LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
A— SBOO— HOTEL and bakery in thriving railroad
terminal town; 19 rooms; steady boarders;
bakery only one there; doing thriving busi-
ness; keeps one man busy on pies and cakes;
equipment of both Is complete and first-class.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
A— SI2OO— CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $30; lease; no night or Sunday work; ex-
cellent paying; first-class, custom. WILKE.
7834 Market st.
$300— PARTNERSHIP in old established com- \
mission business for sale; clears from $200 to
$300 per month; sickness compels partner to
retire. Particulars WILKE. 763^i Market.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day." MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; full value in stock. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market. st. '.: - -
$225— BRANCH bakery; good place; living
rooms; rent $11. McLAUGHLIN,' 777 Market.
$10.000— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by inventory; re-
tiring. MCLAUGHLIN _ co., 777 Market st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in shipping business;
must be a Scandinavian and have references
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
$3EO— DELICACY, dairy, produce store; flne lo-
cation; Western Addition; with 4 sunny living
■ rooms; excellent chance for man and wife.
STENBBRQ, 26H Kearny st.
$700-- Partner; milk route and. boarding sta-
ble; 200 steady customers; 5 good horses wa-
gons, buggies. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— s2Co; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 60 monthly
customers ; clears $250 month; old age cause
' of «ale. KREIOO- & CO., Geary st.
A— Fine saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win; receipts $35 daily; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO. ■'-.■• - :
$325— CORNER grocery and bar; 3 blocks from
Market; fine location; cheap rent; good
chance for business man. JONES & SEARLL,
866 Market st.
$500— Candy and ice cream parlor In good coun-
try town, near the city; this is a flne, new
.place and doing a paying business; other busi-
ness cause of selling. DECKER. 1020 Market.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar in Mis-
sion; 4 living rooms. Apply McLEOD _
HATJE. 615 Market st.
RESTAURANT with flna trade in good loca-
tion; ill health only reason; $325. THE REY-
NOLDS CO.. 35 Third st.
$SsO— SALOON ; old established: No. 1 location;
In Salinas City, Cal; must be sold at once.
Address F. F. G., P. O. box 184, Salinas City.
BRANCH bakery; flne trade; good fixtures;
will sell for cash; owner leaving city. 1225
Devlsadero st.
SALOON . for sale; thriving country ! town;
monthly sales $650 to $SOO. Apply Call office.
$2000— PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman,
to Invest an equal amount with present owner
in a town site; 45 minutes to Oakland, 1 hour
to San Francisco: sure to double the amount
invested within 3 months; nothing to equal
It around the bay; thorough investigation al-
lowed. Address at once Confidence, 1162
. Washington St., Oakland. " ■ '
$4000— RAKE opportunity of obtaining an es-
~ ' tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
" been appointed 'Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay st.. San Francisco.
$1500- -PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line; also house and lot with
income rent of $19 per month, besides two
living rooms with workshop free; also ma-
chinery and tools. . Inquire at Call office.
WANTED— Lady with $750 for lan office mall
and express business; established seven years
and well advertised; will bear Investigation;
big money to the right party. Address box
. 1225, Call office. • ; __ .
SAILS in a week; good chance to go to Klon-
dike; 5 shares in Kings County Mining Co.
of New York; 2 years' provisions;- complete
mining outfit. Address box 927. Call office.
PARTNER with $400 cash to Join In grocery
, business; only those meaning business need
, apply; no agents. PHILBRICK, corner
Twenty-second and Shotwell sts.
; WANT partner with small capital for legiti-
mate proposition; will net $2500 In two
months. Call, 2 to 5, at 1265 Franklin st.,
Oakland. ' . ■
PARTNER with about $3000 to manufacture a
• useful article; patented United States., Cana-
da and Great Britain. Box 1214. Call.
ESTABLISHED grocery business in best in-
terior city In State for sale; cheap. Address
box 929. Call office. . I
'GOOD raying saloon on- San Bruno road cause -
of selling, retiring from business. Inquire
1796 San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale on. account
of sickness. 118 Second St.. NW. cor. Minna.
HOTEL Geneva, Sausallto, for sale; lease and
furniture of 70 rooms. Apply on premises.
2-CHAIR barber shop; established 6 years;
nourishing town; $100; terms. Box 1221. Call.
PARTNER to open wine and liquor business;
small capital. 820 Valencia, before 10 a. m.
BUSINESS man with a capital- of $2000 desires
an Interest In some manufacturing enterprise.
Addrees box 917, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class bakery to
| enlarge business. Box 926, Call office.
I GOOD bakery: only store trade; cash business;
| good location; flne chance for baker. 540 Clay.
! PAYING butcher shop: established for years:
best business street in town; sacrificed ac-
j count 111 health. Inquire Call office, Oakland.
, $1050— COR. grocery & bar in Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery. 863 Folsom.
JOB Printers^- About $1500 will put you Into
pood business. X.. box 8. Call office. Oakld.
I BUTCHER shop; on account of 111 health; good
trade. 391 Sixth st. -.-
GAS " fixtures ' very low; . l<#rge assortment 1
and 2 bowl barber wasftstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. ■
1 FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
- ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from* GBO.
W. CA SWELL A CO.' 9. 415 Sacramento tt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
MOO— LODGING house,- 10 rooms and bath; all
rented; elegant location; 2 car lines pass
door. JONES _ SEARLL, 865 Market st.
$225— LODGING house, 11" rooms; splendid loca-
tion; close Va.n Ness aye.; furniture and car-
pets good; bargain. JONES & SEARLL, 865
Market st. ■
$200— LODGING house.' 9 rooms; half block from
Market; sickness cause of sale. JONES &
SEARLL, 865 Market st. ..
26-ROOM house; easy payments $ 500
8-room flat; -very good ......' 600
60 other houses; 4 to 300 r00m5.... 5100 to -6000
18-room house; clears $100 :.... 650
. 12-room house; clears $75 450
23-room corner; worth $2000 1100
30 rooms on Kearny st. clears $250 2500
50-room house; new: clears $400.. 3000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & C 0...'...... 22* GEARY ST.
11 rooms: flne residence; Geary st.; all ■
new: clears $C 0 monthly; must 5e11....".. $600
14 rooms: bay-window corner: central and
desirable: Clears $100 month ...850
22 rooms; newly papered: good furniture;
$300 cash: balance time • 600
■ 60 rooms: best on Geary St.; clears $!*"•
nothing better ever offered. 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
..BARGAIN LIST ..................
19 rooms; corner; off"' 1 wanted ..r $400
20 rooms;, cheapest rent In city............ 400
. 24 rooms; corner, near M--Vet st... £00
83 rooms; brand new; central ............. 1600
90 rooms: rent $125; see 1t... 2000
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
A— 74 ROOMS: south of Market St.; f1ne... 54000
81 rooms; transient; Market >5t... ......... 850
15 rooms; Belect; transient; c0rner........ .300
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel... '..... 1800
F. C. HYDE _ CO.. 1206 Market St.
LODGING house: bargain on account of de-
parture. Mclaughlin &■ CO.. 777 Market.
$200—16 . rooms; good paying house. . 129 Third
■treat. ■
| ■_. L =
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
riji . . - ,-!.'..' .'. ..' ' "'if I.i-..-ii-'i i ■ ' ■ ■"'■ . -.'- ■' 'i '■■"■'-'. i - -
ELEGANT furniture of i private J residence,;- in-
cluding 1 ' magnificent : sideboard; . no dealers.
Call 11 to 3,. 1440 Mission st., near Eleventh.
152 FIRST Carpets, bedding.; stove/ with
. water connections and furniture. :':: ' : - :. -..--.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and -Whit*
- cheap; ' repairing guaranteed. ■. 1916 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
■ machine supplies.': ■ 145 < Sixth ',- phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought; sold, "'■- exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st ■
~~ TYPEWRITERS. ;
ALL typewriters sold and rented; | few | partly
used for brlc cheap; . send ; for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW. Hammond. $35: Callrraph. $15; Yost, $25:
, get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery. ■-■>--
.; -. ; >■;'/■; STORAGE. • '
pTERCE^ftUDOLPH Stor«eaßd^M<9vlnV
office Tenth and Market ; telephone South 18*.
FURNITURE, ; trunks, etc. Golden West ; Stor-
age .Warehouse, 810 Mission it. ; teL Hint Hit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOEDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35: choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
AT 609 Hyde, near Geary— Choice, sunny, rea-
sonable, large roomy; appreciated if seen.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms: 212 Perry »t.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. VMBSEN A CO.
ELEGANT house, 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister St.; rent $35.
FOR RENT— House of 10 rooms and bath. 1810
Larkln st. Apply 1818 Larkln st.
ROOMING house of 9 rooms; must be sold;
very cheap. 231 Stevenson st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place off
Fremont, near Harrison; grand view of bay.
$26— 3-STORY, 7 rooms and bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and Ellis sts.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 6 rootns, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
TO Let— s2o; cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
Market st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell st.
$18— FINE furnished flat, S rooms, bath. 8021
Buchanan st.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATEEMf scenT rarely beautlfufTNW]
corner Sutter and Scott, 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch,
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine.
BEAUTIFUL new sunny modern middle flat, 7
rooms. Corner Jackson and Larkin sts.
BROADWAY, 1122A— Upner flat 4 choice sunny
rooms, $12.
BRYANT. 722 H. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
flat; 6 large rooms and bath: $16.
CLAY. 1020— Lower flat 4 sunny rooms and
yard; cheap.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FAIR OAKS, 187, near Twenty-third— Sunny
upper bay-window flat, 6 rooms; $14.
FLAT 6 rooms, $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 62S
Second st. ; Rlncon avenue.
FOURTH, 437H— Fine, sunny flat, 8 rooms,
bath, in good order; reasonable good tenant.
FRANKLIN. 626, near McAllister— Flat 8
rooms; cheap rent.
HYDE, 612 — Parlor floor 4 rooms with bath.
Inquire of owner on premises.
LARKIN, 2614%— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
marine vlew^
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern improvements; sun; rent $16.
LOWER flat 6 rooms and bath; water free;
$16. 607 Fulton st.
MIDDLE flat 6 rooms and bath; water free;
$20. 509 Fulton st.
MISSION. 1513 A. near Eleventh— Two flats of
6 rooms, bath, laundry; rent $15 up.
NEW 6-room, bath; reduced to $20. 2531 Port
St.. or SPECK & CO.
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$35. 720 Powell st.
SUNNY middle flat; 4 rooms; bath and yard,
12 Shotwell st^
THIRD and Perry— New 6-room; bath; cellar.
Key 417H Third st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN - HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$B— LOWER flat 4 rooms. Apply grocery, cor.
Twenty-fourth and Florida st.
$9— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna st.
$10— FLAT 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. 20
Lexington aye.. near Eighteenth st.
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth.
$14— TO let— Corner flat of 6 rooms and bath.
833H Twenty-sixth Et.. near Capp.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1265— Housekeeping rooms;
light, sunny, upper or middle floor.
CAPP. 708 — 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; desirable.
DEVISADERO, 725, on corner— Pleasant rooms
with housekeeping privileges; no children.
EDDY. 807— Furnished for housekeeping; large ]
front parlor, regular kitchen; also other
rooms. I
ELLIS, 508—1 sunny front room furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. $10.
FIFTH, 11», flat No. 2— Furnished bedroom,
kitchen, $10; other rooms. MRS. PEARSON.
FIFTH, 309 — Large, sunny, bay-window room
with kitchen; other rooms; new house.
FIFTH, 392— Complete housekeeping room«,
double or single, private family, from $1 up.
FILLMORE, 2118 — 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms furn.; bath; yard; others; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 974— Housekeeping rooms; double and
single; all conveniences; $1 per week up;
changed hands.
GROVE, 425V4— 2 large, pleasant housekeeping
rooms and kitchen: stove; sunny; yard; gar-
flen; no children; $9.
HERMAN, 68—3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $12.
HOWARD, 1068— Parlor suite for housekeeping,
$12; nicely furnished; others, $8; single, $4.
HOWARD, 1668— Suite of three unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; cheapest rent In the
city.
HICKORY aye, 181, near Gough— 2 larg-» fur-
nished rooms; every convenience; $9.
JESSIE, 335 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, with use of kitchen If wanted.
MCALLISTER. 90S<^— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed rooms; breakfast If desired; cheap.
MINNA, 28— Basement housekeeping rooms;
very low rent.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
MISSION, 661, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 736— Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished: also large sunny yard; $14.
PERRY, 174 — Sunny bay-window room, with
ttFe of kitchen.
POINT LOBOS aye., 2120—2 and t sunny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; $10 and $12; no child.
SCOTT, 113— Two large partly furnished con-
necting rooms and alcove; bath, etc.
SEVENTH. 436—4 large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: rent very reasonable.
SIXTH, 227— Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— J or t roams,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD, 263— Sunny t'.irnished front rooms for
housekeeping ; also single.
THIRD, 309— Large furnished room light house-
keeping, $6; single front room, $5.
TRUNK, furniture, etc., taken on rent; hand-
some rooms; no children. Box 1203, Call.
TURK. 127— Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished.
TWELFTH, 146— Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 146 — Large sunny housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete, $12 mo. ; one for $8.
539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken,
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
comm odations for cooking. 9th ft Washington.
ROOSfS VO LET.
ALBEMARLE, 8 Mason St., corner Market-
Nice sunny furnished r^ms; single or en
suite: some suitable light hsekpg. ; reasonable.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — Firs t-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; _r»t-clas*
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $_ 60; day 26c to 50c,
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; bn the, running water.
BUSH. 805— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $5
month; suitable for light housekeeping.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant frefnt room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington) — Rooms 60 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
EDDY, 620— Alcove furnished front rooms.
ELLIS, 622—2 large sunny rooms; separate en-
trance; yard; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 756— Furnished sunny rooms with
use of kitchen; single, $1 week.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms: suites or (Ingle. MRS. H. HYER.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 2So to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 402— Newly furnished
gunny front room; gas and b_t_; |L
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Bsyenth and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en iulte and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select lamlly
rooming-house ; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furniEhed suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 1129— Cheap, quiet. Bunny front
roome; $4 up^ •
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Newly furnished
sunny rm. en suite or single; transient; $5 up.
MANSFIELD— 212 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
Eulte or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MINNA, 648—2 large sunny rooms, with range
if required, $8. *
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 809, near Fourth— 2 parlors suitable
for doctor. Call up or down stairs.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electrlo lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
■ingle rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 40«%— Barfk and front parlor;
suitable for 2 gentlemen: gas, bath; private.
CVFARRELL. 770— Elegant sunny furnished
rms.; single, en suite; bath; gents; moderate.
ONE or two unfurnished rooms to-let; small
family. Box 121 C, Call office.
PINE, 911— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
RENT FREE— At Soquel, Cal., 3 rooms to a
middle-aged couple or some old lady; good
reference given. Address box 1733, Call office.
SEVENTH, 6— Nice sunny front room, 2 doors
from Market; for gent.s; $10.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 217—2 or S sunny connecting
rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
SIXTH. 216 Vi— Large sunny front room for light
housekeeping; also single rooms; cheap.
SIXTH, 684 — 4 larpe sunny unfurnshed room*
and bath; large range; rent $10.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market Bt.. opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
TURK, 406—8 sunny furnished rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
WEBSTER, Ul3— Large sunny front room; $10;
private family.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best roomlng-
houee on water front; single. 25c up; week, $1
up; fine bar connected with house.
ROOMS AND BOAA1).
AHLBORN House. 319-321-823 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BOARD and room for gentleman or 2 together;
private family. Call 731 Waller «t.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
BUSH. 822— Nicely furnished room: 2 gentle-
men; separate beds: running water; $50.
EDDY, Ro2— Nicely furnished rooms with home
cooking, $20 up. .
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, 227— Flrst-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 26c.
GEARY, 642 — Newly furnished and carpeted
rooms; French board.
HEATH, Sl2 Eddy— Select family boarding-
house; first class all appointments: hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent:
board; hot and cold water: $20; other rooms.
PLEASANT room, with or without board; 1 or
2 gentlemen; marine view. 2614V4 Larkln st.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny room for two
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market Et. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— 8unny furnished suites
and single rooms; flrst-class table board.
VAN NESS, 712^ — Rooms furnished or unfur-
nished, single, en suite; table board; house-
keeping rooms.
WANTED— TabIe boarders; good home cook-
ing; reasonable; central. M. E., box 1717,
Call office.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board In Frultvale; own
cow and carriage; reasonable. Call or write
for particulars to Call office, Oakland.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references: moderate. 234*4 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER of Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.—
Two stores adjoining, to be rented separate or
in one; corner formerly a drug store; rent
low.
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109 Howard 6t., near Seventh; rent cheap;
sunny yard.
NATOMA. 645— Store and 2 rooms, suitable for
moet nny business, $11.
MEDICAL.
ALL coses of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail: travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills
and capsules. $1. MRS. DR. WYETII, 208
Turk Et., near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disea«e or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female disease?; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NEW process petit for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman fcer own physician; restores al-
ways In one May; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves displace', pills, and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, la¥e of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrics specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy St.. chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
consultation free. Hours. 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; sate cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home tn confinement by a flrst-class
German midwife; infants adopted into good
homes. 515 Turk Bt., near Larkln.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puet_: Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 28 years' experience. 234 Ms Fourth »t.
MRB. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. 156 Second st.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, che_p. l*f> Valencia st.
PUBLIC auction sale WEDNESDAY, Septem-
ber 14 at 11 o'clock at Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.; personal property, the
property of O. W. MORSE, one phaeton sold
for repairs nnd storage.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Pales Yards 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for eale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. ST'T.LIVAN £- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
W r AGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
"bicycles.
f 'wiLL~sell 16 new 1897 high-grade bicycles
(•old in 1897 for $100) at $20; biggest bargain
of th» year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
liOLLE, Twentieth and Foiaom its.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN, SO, good references, has 160
acres land and $1200 cash, wishes to marry
healthy, respectable working girl; must know
housekeeping. Box 1205, Call office.
JOB lot stationery for sale, $10; would retail
for $50. Box 2232. Call office.
I AM not responsible for any debts contracted
by my wife, VIOLA L. SCHONIG, after date.
MR. P. H. SCHONIQ.
DR. A. W. McKENZIE has removed his dent-
al office from 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 106 and 108.
SEND 25c and stamp; physician will answer by
sealed mail any medical questions you ask.
P. O. box 573. Oakland, Cal.
TWO young ladies can procure good positions
to Introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS., Agents. 543 Clay st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE Lederer's Quinonia Hair Tonic exhibit
In his windows this week; Quinonia is a rs-
markable discovery; nothing like It for the
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
HAIRDRESSING with curls Is the thing; reg-
ular price 50c: my price 46c; halrdressing only
26c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
1 nWARD— Let us know if you are well. We
•xpect a letter. MAMMA.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 113 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent, 410 Kearny st. : tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
ifISS^GILLIGAN, dressmaking and oloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, ntyllsh dresses. $5
up; dresses made ever, S Fddy «t.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMArI OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
325 EDDY ST.. 325.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
*- Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habiu>, evil Influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures, etc. ; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages. —
OMAR *
Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 32.~ Eddy st.. 325.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. RO MAINE- ■
The Oriental Seer
Late of India
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures In five
days; never falls. Fees, $1 and $2. Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, 1206 Market st.
Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. J. SLATER, greatest, most celebrated
and reliable business medium of the age;
patronized by the business men and women
of the world; arrived from a tour of the
East; glad to see her old customers; letters
answered. Office 462 Natoma St., corner 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la,
COc; gentssl;palm. and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st. .
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 26c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted in 74 overdue' steamers. 23Vj 6th, room 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs' j! 7T WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
BOOKS— Occult, liberal, spiritual and scientific.
1429 Market; office of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writlnc me-
dium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; r*ad-
lngi. $1: clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.: Mon. 8: 25c.
HYPNOTISM
8. F. College Therapeutics. 305 Larkin St.,
open day and eve. for patients and pupils.
LOST.
LOST — Sunday, between Scott's drive, San
Jose, or on road to Los Gatos, a lady's light
tan coat, trimmed with pearl buttons; white
gloves and veil in pocket. Return to 407
Minna St., S. F., or to J. N. EWAY, Clt>
Treasurer, San Jose.
LOST— Sunday, September 11. at Cliff House
beach silver open-face watch and chate-
laine. Finder will be well rewarded by re-
turning to 1408 McAllister st.
LOST— September 9, breastpin: diamond and
pearls; sunburst. Return to 610 Leavenworth
St.; liberal reward.
LOST— September 6, at Palace Hotel, Inclosed
In email white envelope, 1 ring with 2 pearls
mounted with diamonds, 1 with 4 large dia-
monds, 1 with sapphire and diamonds. Lib-
eral reward at 21-23 Battery. B. SWEITZER.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL J. O'CONNELL, No.
140-206. Finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A large black K. of 11. badge; letters
D. D. G. D. Cal. Return to 215 Washington
St., and receive reward.
FOX terrier dog; brown spots on either side
of face and license tag No. 1552; liberal re-
ward offered. H. SCHMIDT, 60 California
Market. ■
LOST — Male greyhound, sort of bluish color,
about 12 months old, Tuesday, September 6,
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
Ing to J. DENNIS, SE. cor. Eddy and Fill-
more sts.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and nds taken.
PROPOSALS.
JPROPOSALS for Inside Sliding Blinds, Mission
High School.
Office Board of Education, San Francisco,
December 12, 1596.— 1n accordance with a reso-
lution adopted by the Board of Education of
the City and County of Pan Francisco, sealed
propjjseals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
September 14. IS9S. at 4 o'clock p. m., for in-
side sliding blinds for Mission Hißh School,
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and
Dolores streets, in said city and county, in
accordance with plans, which may be seen at
the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
said board, ;nom 55, Flood building, southwest
corner Fourth and Market streets.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check, as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contracts may
be awarded will be required prior to or at
the time of the execution of contracts to pay
the cost of advertising this notice.
Blank proposals furnished by the Secretary.
The board reserves the right to refect any
or all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
CHAS. M. WELCH. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for furnishing seals for use in
cording- and sealing packages of merchandise
in bond, and locks for bonded warehouses.
Treasury Department, August 12, IS9B.— Sealed
proposals are invited until 2 o'clock p. m.,
Tuesday, September 27, 189S, for furnishing
seals for use in cording and sealing packages
of dutiable merchandise, and for locks for
securing bonded warehouses. Proposals
should be accompanied by samples of the ar-
ticles referred to and should state the prices
at which the same will be delivered at any
express or freight office at the place of man-
ufacture, boxed and ready for shipment. At
least two sample locks and two dozen of the
devices offered for securing packages should
be submitted with each proposal. Due ex-
amination will be made of and full consider-
ation given to the merits of all devices which
may be submitted. Proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for devices for cording
and sealing packages," or "Proposals for
locks for bonded warehouses," as the case
may be. No special form of proposal is
prescribed or furnished by the department.
The right is reserved to reject any or all
bids and to waive Informalities. L. J. GAGE,
Secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1700— HANDSOME cottage. 4 rooms: "bath;
basement; large lot; street work done; U
cash. Apply 324 North aye., near Cortland st.
$1750— CORNER 56x80; one blook from Castro
st. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
FOR SALE— House and lot, 139 State st.
NICE little sunny new home; 4 rooms and bath;
$100 cash. $15 per mon.h, buys it. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— WERTHEIM & KEITH. 850 Market St.,
business agents; city and country real estate;
partners procured; rents and moneys 00l- j
lected.
$2500— 10-acre fruit ranch; near Hay-wards;
lOf'j fruit trees In bearing; a bargain.
$5500—137 acres; house and barn; 4 miles from
Napa; would exchange for house and lot In
Oakland; a splendid home.
$12 50 per acre — 543 acres; stock ranch: In i
Santa Clara County; rich, rolling land: sulta- I
ble for grain or fruit; plenty of water.
Call and examine our list of fine ranches, '.
from ICO to 10.000 acres. In Glenn County, Cal., j
the great wheat country.
FOR Sale— Stock ranch, 1200 acres land; 500 !
acres fine grain land; remainder grazing, hill j
land; abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles ;
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysville, Cal.
160 ACRES creek land In Coos County, Oregon;
partly improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
dress 515 Sacramento st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IIKAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye., East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
$1000— HOUSE, 8 rooms; corner lot, 50x100; in
Golden Gate; block local trains; easy terms.
$LEO— Fine building lots near Golden Gate; $10 ;
down. $5 per month; chance to invest. M. L. j
WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway.
FOR SALE— Nice 4-room cottage, hard fin-
ished; bath; brick well; large lot; near
Berkeley local; school and 2 electric car lines;
$400 cash, balance same as rent; no agents.
For particulars address S. R., box 4, Call of-
fice. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED to rent by Oct. 1, or sooner,
whole or part of lovely 7-room house, corner;
rent to suit; responsible parties. Address i
box 1212, Call office.
WANTED-200 FAMILIES FOR 200 HOUSES
In Oakland; rent Is cheap and we have the
beet of every kind; write (stating want) or
call for list. WM. M. DE WOLF, 1058 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
OAKLAND— 7 rooms, sunny, furnished, $25.
560 Sycamore aye., near Telegraph.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. SOS 27th st.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old etore. 408 Eleventh st. S»e him.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW colonial style house of 9 rooms; large lot;
south front; 1 block south of U. C. ; $3600 M
L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks; near
Dwlght way station; a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berke-
ley Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE or exchange— Fine improved 10-acre
fruit farm in Crescer.ta Valley, 10 miles from
Los A ngrelas;. paradise for invalids. G. ROB-
ERTSON, HJH3iXth «t.
WILL exchange 3-flat house on Eighteenth St., i
near How?.rd, valued $5500, for more valuable
property in Western Addition or south of
Market St.; will pay to boot. Address box
lTf.2. rail office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— A good pair of modern flats In j
Western Addition: also a neat modern cot- !
tage 5 rooms and bath, near a car line. Ap- i
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents !
630 Market St.
CARPET~CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- !
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Oolden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at."
tel. Main 394. GEO. WQLCOM. Proprietor.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale In partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No L
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plalutlff. vs. LAW-
HENCE DUNN et ala.. Defendant*. (Jaus«
Notice is hereby given that under and in
pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 1898, duly entered of record therein '
by which said interlocutory decree of said I
court, the undersigned. G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of m.?Jclng sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said '
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law. the undersigned, as '
such referee, will, on Monday, the :2th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (12) '
o'clock m. , at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14 i
Montgomery street, in the City and County of ;
Ban Francisco, State of California, sell at I
public auction in separate parcels to the !
highest bidder for cash In United Suites gold i
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, piece- or par- i
eels of real property situate, lylnr and being
In said City and County of San Francisco
State of California, and bounded and de- '
scribed as follows, to wit: n- j
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-fly (25) feet
thence at right angles northwestorly eighty
(?0) fret, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) fe?t to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of !
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Bur- !
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the Intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavla street
running thence southerly along said line o£
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfth*
(87 «-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (4fl) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, belnc a part ot
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (21!).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line cf Minna ctreet. distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northweptprly corner of
Second 'and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of .
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
etrcet and along the enßterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence i
et right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths '
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right tngles southerly ,
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (SO) feet to the northwesterly nn n c of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
v.e?trrly along the northwesterly line of
Mtnna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara !
lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor- i
ncr of Sanchez and Duncan street*, running ,
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east- '■
erly parallel with Duncan street Pighty (80) •
feet to Spnches street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together ;
with the Improvement* thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten O0) per
cent of the purchase price tn be paid to th» !
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
gale. Balance of purchase price upon eon- j
nrmatlon of sale by said Superior Court and I
dellverv of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. IWS.
G. H. UMBSEM.
Eole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
DINKELfIPETX. & GEBFORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff, No. BCS Claui Spree*- i
els Building, Baa Francisco. 1
: MONEY TO ?. LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. E\, Oak- .
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without -
removal; no ' commission: 1 - no delays. —J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abova
; .;.' Sixth; telephone South 14. " .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
1 tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest ' rates. - Baldwin ■ Jewelry
Store. 948, Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
' moval; money quick; 'confidential: no commis-
, sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
.ON .f urniture, pianos, city or Oakland; •no re-
moral; -low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY Amount at 6H per cent' on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 54 Montgomery, rm. S.
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money on any proposi-
: tion; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
SECOND ' mortgages and undivided Interests in '
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st. f
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.; '
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital 'to~lnvestr~SYL^
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. - ' -
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
. 1208 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall '■■will.- not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publicantion offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RAMRELIUR— At Fields Landing, Humboldt
County, Cal., August 29, 1898, to the wife of
I Captain J. RamreTlur, a daughter.
DIED.
Cronin, Jeremiah Hoar, Daniel
Duechert, Anna McGrath, Michael J.
D'Arcy, Bertram J. McDevltt, Bridget
Derham. Richard J^ Muller, Fred
Escalle, Joseph » Maloney, Gertrude D.
Farley, George Mojica, Rosa
" Flshbeck. Max - Roe, Ann
Fisk. Leander Sparks. William -^ V.".'
Heywood, Vienna Sourdry, Claudlne
. Hurley, Hanora Thrar.e. Peter C.L.
Wildes, Alice B.
CRONIN— In this city, September 10, 1898.
Jeremiah, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Cronln, and father of James. Mamie.
John, Gertrude and , Thomas Cronin, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment > Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUECHERT— In San Rafael, September 11,'
1898, Anna Duechert, beloved mother of
George DO echert,- and grandmother •of Mrs. ,
E. A. Starke and Mrs. M. A. Jenks. a native
of - Germany,, aged 82 years 2 months and 2
days. '
t^Funeral' will.be held to-morrow (Tues-
day), from the residence of E. A. Starke,
Fourth street; between Shaver and F.
D'ARCY— this city, "September 11.. 1898, Ber-
tram J., beloved son of Charles and Har-
riet D'Arcy, and brother of Ethel D'Arcy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9
months and 26 days.
DERHAM— In this city, September 11, 1898.
Richard John, beloved son of Terence and
" Elizabeth Derham; and brother of Mary Der-
ham, a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years and 8 months.
' (nTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
! 'of the parents, 973 Bryant street,- between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
■ Church, where a requiem high mass will he
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 , o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
■ Cemetery.-
ESCALLE— Ir. Larkspur, - September . 11, IS9B,
Joseph, beloved brother of Jean. Ernestine,
Peter and Fidel Escalle, and brother-in-law
of Mrs. Ellen Eacalle, ' a native of Franco,
aged . 31 years.
ETT Notice of funeral hereafter. •
FARLEY— In ' this '. city, September 10, 1898,
George Farley, a native of California, aged
.. 19 years and 8 days. ,„. ■ ..
■ • [CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
d ence, 1767 Howard street. : Interment Ma-
I sonic Cemetery.
FISCHBECK— this city, September 10, 1898,
Max, dearly beloved son of Maria and the
late August Fisehbeck, and brother of Minna
and Ida Drachan, a native of Germany, aged
27 years 6 months and 14 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1421 Mason street, near Broadway. .
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FISK— In Oakland, September 10, IS9B, Lean-
der, beloved husband of Minnie W. Fisk.
and uncle of Miss Carrie C. Triplett, a native
of Connecticut, aged 78 , years 7 months and •
IS days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Tuesday), 'at 10 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church.- corner .- of Eighth and
Grove streets. Oakland. Interment Mountain
■View Cemetery. ■ . . . ••....,
HEYWOOD— In Berkeley, September 11, 1898,
Vienna, beloved wife of W. B. Heywood, a
native of New York, aged 68 years. :
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HURLEY— In this city, September 11, 1898;
Hanora, beloved wife of Patrick Hurley, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 59
years. '
(prThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 514 Webster street, thence to Sacred
' Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high .
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, «ommenclnß at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. , ;
HOAR— In this city, September 10, 1898, Daniel,
dearly beloved husband; of Mary Hoar, *
brother of the ! late Thomas D. Hoar, and
brother-in-law of Charles F. and John M. •:
Reynolds, a native of Boston; Mass.,' aped 35 ;--
years 4 months and 21 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- "...
dence. 1821 Dupont street, corner of Chestnut.
McGRATH— In this city, September 10. ■- 1898,
Michael J.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
T McGrath. and beloved father of Carrie E. I
McOrath. a native of Australia, aged 49 years. I
A member of White Eagle Tribe No. 72. O. : .
R. M. . ■ . V
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence "
of his brother. 630 Chestnut street, between' • '
Mason and Taylor, ".thence to. St. Francis .;
Church, corner of Montgomery avenue and
Vallejo street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment'
Mount Calvary Cemetery. _
McDEVITT— In this city, September 11, .1898.,
at her late ' residence, 16 Federal street. :
Bridget, wife of the late Philip McDevltt.
and sister of Police Officer , Thomas Meehan
and Mrs. Annie Conroy. a native of the par- 1
lfh of Inniskeen, County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 55 years. v:.^
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
' MULLER— In this city, ' September 10. 1898. ' '•:
Fred beloved son of Friedrich and * the late
- KatherJne . Muller. of New York, and brother ,
1 of the late Edward H. Muller. a native of .
r New - York, aged 42 years 11 months and 27
r7" Remains will be forwarded to New Yorlt
for Interment on Monday evening's train.
Remains at the parlors of H.F. Buhr & Co..
1209 Mission street.
MALONEY— In this city, ; September 11. . IS9B,
Gertrude Delia; daughter of George P. and
Mary M. Maloney. a native of San Francisco;
aged 10 months and 5 days.
MOJICA— In this city. September 10, 1898, Rosa
Mojica, a native of . San Francisco, aged 14
years and 11 days. - .'.,
ROE— In the City and County - Hospital, Sep-
, tember 11. ■.1598..-Ann;Rqe,""a native . of Ire-
land, ag«d 56 years. i • ;-; Jy,"i
SPARKS— In " this , city. September . i 11.'.; 1898, .- .
William, beloved husband of Bertha Sparks,
formerly of New York, and beloved uncle of *;-
George and Blanche Elliot, a native of Sus- -
i sex County, England, - aged 58 years 6 months'
.-* and 1 day. (New York t City ' papers please
copy.) : : .. ■ ■ '"'* : -T-V* t '"'. : ':'-' ■-.- I ' - : ' '■''.
SOURDRY —In ; Oakland, September >. 8. 1898, :■■ ■
Claudlne, beloved 1 wife of ' the' late. •' John G.
Sourdry; and mother of Countess de Begon of •*"
Paris, France, and the. late Edward V. Sour- . ■■
dry, a native "of ' France, aged 75 years 8
months and days. '■>• -"..-..= ; • "S V-
ICy Notice of funeral hereafter. .—-;;*";
THRANE —In this city, September - 10, 1898. .
: - Peter -C.' L. . Thrane, i a native of . Germany, \
' aged 58 : years. r. ■,;.' ■?.■'.; '■■"■ • ■;. ' '
• •• ■■ Friends and acquaintances 'are : respect-
fully 'Invited to attend* the funeral this day
(Monday), at \1 • flock, from s Masonic Ter- "
ple, under. the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No.
;~ IW. F. and A. M. : .^; ■■• ~ ■:.■;• ,-;■>, -.- ■
WILDESr~In this. city, September 11, 1898. at
- the Waldeck Sanitarium. Alice Bridges,- wife :
of J. .- H. Wildes. ' a native of ■ Calais. ; Me.
AicAVOY & GALLAGHE3. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSj
; 20 FIFTH BT., ;' epp/ Lincoln School. |
Telephone. South SO^^^^^^^l
I;.-- .--- H. B. McAVOY, Manager. -I •
■:••''-.•' mcAVOY <fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERg I
1235 Market st. between Bth and »th. -|
• X --'---■-. Telephone, South247^^^^^^^|
910
A SEVERED ARM
AND GRIM HEAD
TELL OF MURDER
Grewsome Find of Two Young
Ladies on the Shore of
Oakland's Estuary.
A Mystery of the Bay That Recalls the
Frightful Butchery of Addie
Gilmour.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The finding
of the arm and hand of a female near
the Eighth-street bridge this evening
and the sighting of a -woman's head
off the beach at Berkeley a week ago
point to a tragedy similar to that of
a few years ago in which Miss Addie
Gilmour was the victim and Dr. West
a central figure.
The arm and hand found this after
noon are in a state of fair preservation,
and do not appear to have been in the
•water more than a few days. The limb
Is said to be apparently that of a young
woman perhaps 20 to 25 years of age.
The fingers and linger nails are per
fect, but there is not a single mark
that might lead to identification.
The limb was found by two young
girls who were walkUig along the edge
of the entrance to Lake Merritt, be
tween the Seventh-street trestle and
the Eighth-street bridge. These girls
are Miss Irene Monroe of 920 Sixth
street and Miss Bertha Waller of 208
East Twenty-eighth street.
Their attention was attracted by
something that looked unusual, and on
examining* it they found it to be a de
tached arm of a human beine\ Miss
Monroe secured it, and realizing that
It was a very unusual Incident for hu
man arms to be on the beach, she took
It home to show to her parents. She
Bays she knew nothiper of the Coroner's
duty In such oases, but she was told
to take it back to the place where she
found it and tell Constable "Jack" Rob
inson of her discoverj-. This she did,
and Robinson notified the police. The
Coroner eventually sent for the limb,
and now has it in his possession. To
morrow he will take measures trying
to trace Its origin.
SILT WATER
ON THE STREETS
No Longer an Experi
ment in Sprinkling.
IS ECONOMIC AND SANITARY
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION AD
VOCATES ITS USE.
Original Costyls Less Than That of
Fresh Water and It Has
Many Other Ad
vantages.
The practice of sprinkling 1 the streets
of cities on the Atlantic sea coast with
Bait wat«r has long been recognized as
both an economic and sanitary measure.
The progressive members on the direct
orate of the Merchants' Association, quick
to grasp any idea that would result in
benefit to this city, hit upon this as be
ing something that could readily and'ad
vantageously bo applied here, as salt
water can be obtained so readily.
Their engineer made an exhaustive
study of the subject a year ago. Hlb re
port was used as a leverage with which to
move the Supervisors to adopt that sys
tem of street sprinkling. There was
eomc obstacle in the way and the matter
■was dropped for the time being. A prac
tical trial was made, however, with won
derful results.
Van Ness avenue, Kearny street and
other downtown thoroughfares were se
lected for the experiment. The outcome
was the same as In every locality where
salt water has been used. It was found
that the quantity of water required was
much less than when fresh water was
used, two cartloads of the former being
equal to three or four of the latter. The
merchants were quick to appreciate Its
other merits.
The salt formed a slight crust on the
surface of the street, thus retaining much
of the dust that would otherwise have
been whirled Into the stores and houses
by the wind.
The officers of the Merchants' Associa
tion did' not press the matter then, but
within the past month they have re
newed their battle for the substitution of
salt water for fresh water. The matter
Is no longer in the experimental stage.
Water from the ocean is already piped
through the city to the Lurline Baths
and other bathing establishments. It is
expected that the question of the use of
salt water will be presented to the Park
Commissioners, with the request that
they use it on the park drives under their
control.
The Harbor Commissioners use it on
Kast street and are so enamored of it
that they would not willingly go back
to the old system, and Its adoption by the
Supervisors would be but another step In
the direction of placing this city abreast
of the times.
"OLD TOC" IS DEAD.
The Famous Buck of the Lagunitas
Is Brought to Grass.
"Old Toe," the famous three-pronged
buck that half of sporting San Francisco
has at one time or another chased over
the hills back of Lagunitaa, has at last
been brought to grass, and the body of
the magnificent animal arrived In this
city last night.
"Old Toe" has been the avowed prey of
a coterie of San Francisco sportsmen for
some weeks past, and on Saturday last
Dan Siebert, Jack Oswald, Claus Witt
and Fred Sanderson left for the Lagu
nitas hills with the fixed intention of not
returning without their quarry. As luck
would have it the second buck that Mr.
Sanderson's dog Paddy forced from cover
was the object of the hunt, and he was
promptly brought down by a shot in the
hip from the rifle of Mr. Siebert. Two
more shots were necessary before the
grand old buck gave up the fight.
When dressed he tipped the beam at 160
pounds, and his captors won the heartiest
congratulations of the season from the
big crowd of envious sportsmen who were
attracted by the news of the kill.
A Lesson on the Botkin Case.
At the Hamilton Square Baptist Church
last night Key. W. C. Jenkins, the pastor,
delivered a sermon on the Botkln-Dun
nlng poloon mystery. H« prefaced hiß
remarks by asserting that ha did not un
The arm is severed at the elbow, and
the operation appears to have been a
clumsy one. According to the Coroner's
deputy it seems to have been broken
apart, rather than severed by cutting.
There is nothing to suggest that the
arm wus dlsescted ' a medical stu
dent and thrown away.
When Constable Robinson was mak
ing Inquiries of some boys in the neigh
borhood he was told that a lad named
Willie Duncan had first seen the arm a
week ago, but had not taken It away.
Eight days ago Mrs. Mary A. Co
burn, who lives near the water front at
Berkeley saw from a window in the
rear of her home an object in the bay
and sent her two sons John and Charles
to bring it ashore. The boys waded out
to the object and were greatly horri
fied to find the head of a woman. The
younger son, Charles, managed to get
within reach of the head, but could not
brinr himself to take hold of it. These
boys say that the head was that of a
girl with long, loose black hair, and
that it had evidently been in the water
for some time, as part of the face had
been eaten away and decomposition
was far advanced. The wound caused
by decapitation was plainly visible.
Nothing has been seen of it since, al
though the boys are positive that what
they saw was the head of a woman.
The discovery to-d»y in connection
with the head seen off Berkeley has
created great public interest, owing to
the similarity in details with the Addle
Gilmour case.
The head of Addle Gilmour was first
found off the Marin County shore, and
after a few days a limb was found In
the estuary not a great ways from
to-day,
where the arm and hand were found
Sergeant Morrison and the Coroner's
office are of the opinion that there Is
a story of horror to be unfolded, of
which the head off Berkeley Is the first
chapter and the arm found to-day, the
eecond.
dertake to dpclare Mrs. Botkin either
guilty or innocent of one of the most
hideous crimes of the century; but he
ascribed to her personal conduct as ac
knowledged by her own lips and portray
ed in the columns of the dally news
papers, much of the cause for the sus
picion with which she is regarded in the
community.
There are three reasons for this sus
picion, the minister said, and they will
lie in her path and confront her, he de
clared, at every turn in her endeavor to
free herself from an awful charge. First,
the race track habit, and he condemned
this in unmeasured terms; second, the
frequenting of saloons and the excessive
use of strong drink; and, third, un
faithfulness to marriage vows.
To these three causes. Mr. Jenkins said,
Mrs. Botkin would be justified, if she is
Innocent, In accounting for her miserable
plight; and, if she Is guilty, then these
Indulgences of the past will only add to
the dreadful burden which she must carry
when she faces the courts of law and
eventually her Maker.
ADVISED TO STAY HO MR
A. F. Benara Jr. Writes an Interest-
ing Letter From Dawson.
A. F. Benard Jr., the son of the well
known Larktn street saloon keeper, has
written a lengthy letter from Dawson to
a friend In this city. After describing the
gold fields and giving an idea of the
amount of provisions It requires to make
the trip, he writes: "Do not believe th*
reports of the finding of Immense wealth
on the surface of the ground. It is the
hardest country in the world to prospect,
as can be testified to by old ana experi
enced miners. It requires considerable
labor and energy to even carry a pack
containing food, blankets, tools, etc. By
the time one reaches his destination there
is very little food left, and it becomes nec
essary to go back for another supply,
without having done anything In the
line of prospecting. There la some gold
here, but not near the amount that some
people have represented to be. I would
advise those who are not acquainted here
and who are contemplating a trip to this
wild country, to stay at home, as a stran
ger is not In It, figuratively speaking."
PICKPOCKETS CAUGHT.
Discovered Working a Crowd Near
the Cliff House.
A gang: of pickpockets proceeded to
work the crowd at the terminus of the
Sutro car line yesterday afternoon when
they were discovered by the superintend
ent of txie road, who telephoned to the
O'Farrell-street Police Station. Several
officers were Bent to the scene and after
a short struggle succeeded In arresting
six of the gang.
At the City Prison they gave fictitious
names and were locked up pending an In
vestigation. A number of people were
robbed of their purses in the vicinity of
the Cliff House yesterday, and it is
thought that the prisoners are the cul
prits. Nothing of an incriminating na
ture was, however, found on them.
The Bill at the Alhambra.
Sidney Drew heads the list of favorites
;at the Alhambra. Burt and Whitman, cc
i centric comedy artists, will make their
j appearance for the first time to-night.
: Miss Whitman has played with great sue
■ cess In all the leading vaudeville houses
in the Eastern cities and attracted great
attention with her remarkable beauty
j and splandld costumes. Powers and Hyde
I will conclude their performance with a
prize cakewalk. Introducing twenty
couples. The public will be the judge of
the winners. The gTeat barytone Del
Puente, will sing the grand aria from the
"Barber of Servllle," and the Roumanla
non c ver girls, Corinne, and Edith Hall
as Geisha, should make a hit.
South End Gun c?lub Shoot.
The final shoot of the South End Gun
Club was held at Colma yesterday. The
first-class scores at twenty-five blue
rocks were: Mcßoe 24, M. McDonald 19,
Brikerstaff 18, J. Scroder 15, J. McDonald
20. J. Peel 18, Kerrigan 16. In the second
class the scores were: Peterson 18. Belloff
14 R. Itgen 14, Wichman 12, Grimes 14, G.
Heuer 9, N. Heuer 9. Taylor 14. Peterson
took first money, Itgen, Belloff, Grimes
and Taylor divided second money and
Wichman third. Pool shooting and prac
tice matches followed. Dick Itgen and H.
Lewis tied with 14 In a twenty blue-rock
shoot. The match will be shot off next
Supervisors to Meet To-Day.
Aiter a vacation of five weeks the city
fathers will reconvene this afternoon.
Considerable business of Importance will
claim their attention, including the con
sideration of the tax levy and the matter
of the proposed Dupont-street park, be
sides much accumulated Btreet work It
Is not likely that the tax levy question
will be more than reached pending a re
port from the committee having It In
hand.
; The famous old JESBE MOORE WHIBKY la
recommended ), by j physicians f. tot ■'. family • and
medicinal u»o because It 1* par*. ; •
THE SAX" FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1898.
UNCLE GEORGE'S CLOSE CALL
Bohemia's High Priest Almost Asphyx-
iated by Accident.
The countless friends of "Uncle George" Bromley, bon vlvant, wit,
ante and post prandial speaker and raconteur, the patriarch of the uncon
ventional and delightful realm
of Bohemia, are rejoicing that an
accident last Wednesday night in
their high priest's household has
had' no serious result.
Mr. Bromley, upon retiring for
the night, evidently failed to
turn the gas cock com
pletely off; and in the course of
a few hours a member of his fam
ily who sleeps in an adjoining
room was aroused by his labored
breathing. Entering his room at
once she found Mr. Bromley un
conscious and the chamber flood
ed with the deadly vapor. The
windows were thrown open, a
physician sent for, and vigorous
efforts to revive "Uncle George"
soon resulted in his being restored
to consciousness.
Two things had rendered the
Incident less serious than it might
have been. The flow of gas, owing
to the orifice being: small, was
restricted, and an open fireplace
leading directly into the air
through a chimney carried off
considerable of the poison.
With the exception of the fact
that Mr. Bromley has been
obliged to remain indoors for the
last four days he has suffered
only slight inconvenience from
the gas, and he declares that he
will be more careful in the future.
"Why shouldn't I be?" he said
yesterday. "I have only one fault
to find with the world. It Is too
good to me. Dear me! Indeed!"
or two, and a royal reception
GEORGE T. BROMLEY.
Mr. Bromley will be out In a day
awaits him In clubdom.
BOTKIN CASE
IS READY FOR
THE GOVERNOR
Waits Only on the Del
aware Affidavits.
LEES ON THE ANXIOUS SEAT
SENATOB FRANK McGOWAN'S
STARTLING THEORY.
He Makes a Statement That May
Foreshadow the Line of De
fense in the Coming
Trial.
Though the law of the land requires the
prosecution to produce before the com
mitting magistrate only enough of the
evidence that has been adduced to es
tablish a prima facie case against the
prisoner charged. Chief Lees proposes to
establish an exception and a precedent
when he brings the case of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin under the official eye of Governor
Budd to-morrow morning.
Not a fractional part, but the whole
sum of his evidence will be thrown into
the scale to balance against the powerful
points of law upon which alone the de
fense will base its fight. It Is in the
bulk rather than the value of his evi
dence, the rotundity of his many affidavits
and the sheer weight of their verbiage
in Nvhich lies Chief Lees' one hope of
outweighing his prisoner's case and ef
fecting her extradition into Delaware.
"Whether 01 not the weight of the prose
cution's case is sufficient to its ends must
wait upon the decision of Governor Budd
for its answer.
In so far as it connects Mrs. Botkln with
the murders alleged against her, the case
as it will go before Governor Budd con-
Bists of no moro than the original four
characterizing features, with only one of
which is Mrs. Botkin connected, and with
that only by the slenderest thread of
probability. This feature tha-t the prose
cution will -set up as Its one substantial
fact is that on June 1, two months prior
to the murder of Mrs. Dunning, Mrs.
Botkin purchased of the Owl Drug Com
pany two ounces of powdered arsenic.
To prove this they will have the testi
mony of Frank S. Grey, who knew Mrs.
Botkin and who, as manager of the drug
store, sold her the arsenic. To sever this
one link that connects Its client with the
crime the defense will show that at the
time of the purchase the defendant did
not try to conceal her identity, but, on
the contrary, had written upon the poison
register her right name and the use to
which she intended putting the poison.
They will further produce two witnesses
who claim to have been with Mrs. Bot
kin in her room at the Hotel Victoria
when she used the drug to blf>ach a white
straw hat, the use to which she told
Grey she Intended putting It.
The second count In the prosecution's
case will veal with the handwriting of the
anonoymous letters and that of the wrap
per round thp candy box. By comparison
with h*»r known writings Chief Leps will
attempt to prove that Mrs. Botkin indited
both. Numerous photographic enlarg
ments of the scripts have been prepared
by Expert Kytka and It Is principally
upon his testimony as an expert that It is
hoped to prove a similarity.
The tracing of the candy and box to
the store of George W. Haas, and the evi
dence of Miss Dittmer and Miss Heney,
who remember the salf>, will also be feat
ures to which the Chief will give much
prominence.
The purchase at the City of Paris of tho
handkerchief that accompanied the deadly
bonbons will be fully set forth In num
erous affidavits, though among the clerks
of the store none has been found who
can recall when, or to whom, It was
sold.
The affidavits of John P. Dunning, setting
forth* his relations with Mrs. Botkin and
also relating to the anonymous letters
are reckoned upon as evidence of heavy
weight and will be a feature of the case.
Another bit of evidence that has been
given much prominence Is an affidavit
maue by Miss Lizzie Llvernash, a report
er of the Examiner.
The statement is considered of little
valup to Chief Lees. The defense has
not considered It of sufficient Importance
to make provision against it.
Before the Governor the defense will
call no witnesses, but will rest Its case
on the numerous law points involved. Th
case Governor Budd sees fit to gTant the
requisition as prayed for, an appeal will
at once be taken to the Supreme Court
and. If necesary, carried to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The attor
neys for the defense have decided to
finally establish a precedent for cases of
the peculiar nature of the present one.
Chief Lees said yesterday that his case
before Governor Budd intent be weakened
by the non-arrival of certain supplement
ary affidavits made by John P. Dunning.
Ho has received word that the fresh evi
dence of Dunning is not among the affi
davits that will arrive this evening from
Dover and is much worried at the pros
pect of proceeding without it.
ONE THEORY OF MRS.
BOTKIN'S DEFENSE
Attorney McGowan Is Seeking to
Bring Another Woman Into
the Case.
Attorney Frank MoGowan, fox the de-
fensa, is confident that upon law points
alone, and without the introduction of a
kine of evidence, Governor Budd will be
induced to deny the requisition for Mrs.
Botkin.
"We are going to fight it out," said he,
"upon the point that Airs. Botkin is not a
fugitive from justice, as set forth in the
arresting warrant. It is certainly to our
client's interest that her trial shall be
held in this State. In a case of this kind
environment is everything, and conse
quently we shall try to keep her right
here where her friends are around her
and where, at a moment's notice, we can
find even the least important of our wit
nesses.
"We will bring none of our witnesses
before the Governor, for as I understand
the proposition it is only necessary that
the prosecution bring such evidence as
will prove that extradition is legal, and I
think that we can prove in a very few
minutes that in this case extradition will
be anything but that.
"No; Mr. Knight certainly will not be
the 'whole thing. Both Mr. Wheeler and
myself will have equal representation and
equal opportunity with him. The little
friction that necessarily occurred at the
opening of the case has been entirely
done away with, and we now have our
work so apportioned that there can be no
further hitch."
Asked if he had yet formulated a theory
looking to the true solution of the Dun
ning mystery Senator McGowan reluc
tantly admitted that he had, and then in
a few words he gave credence to a rumor
that for weeks past has been carefully
kept in mind by Chief Lees and his ue
tectives.
"I have ne\'er felt for a moment that
our client has the stain of this horrid
crime upon her," said Senator McGowan.
"The utter failure of all attempts to con
nect her with the mass of evidence that
has been uncovered has greatly strength
ened this f&ith in her, and though I am
not for a moment neglecting the require
ments of the present case, there is not a
moment that I am not looking for the
woman who actually did the murder.
"And I am looking, too. for the evidence
that will connect John P. Dunning with
It. It Is known that Dunning was, to say
the least, promiscuous in his attentions
to women, and I have heard it said that
there was a woman here to whom he was
more warmly attached than to Mrs. Bot
kn, and for this woman I am looking.
This and other rumors of equal persis
tency have inuueed me to lend more than
cursory attention to the matter.
"I do not say thai I believe Dunning an
accessory, but I think that the theory is
sufficiently plausible to warrant investi
gation."
It has become apparent to every one
who has kept in touch with The Call's re
ports of the evidence as it has been dis
covered that the facts adduced might do
as well to convict some other suspect
as Mrs. Botkin. The connecting link
twixt evidence and prisoner has not yet
been found, and prisoner and evidence,
so far as the facts nave been made known,
remain two separate and distinct propo
sitions in the case.
The repeated failure to absolutely con
nect the two have Induced Chief Lees to
keep a watchful eye for anything that
would tend to corroborate McGowan's
theory.
Will Give an Entertainment.
St. Alban's (Episcopal Mission) Church
will give an entertainment at Golden
Gate Hall, on Friday evening, September
23, consisting of a laughable farce en
titled, "Never Reckon Your Chickens be
fore They are Hatched." The programme
has some of the very best talent. After
the entertainment there will be dancing.
The following ladles and gentlemen have
charge of the affair:
Mrs. William Ramsdell, Mrs. M. Doug-'
las, Mrs. William T. Muhlner, Mrs. True
worthy, Mrs. J. C. Miller, Miss Lilly
Trueworthy, Miss E. Stuart, Miss A. S.
Tobey, William O. Badger, George W.
Caswell, H. W. Clarke, Leland Ramsdell,
William Harvy, H. Briggs, William Mulh
ner and C. A. Leley.
Interfered in a Fight.
Andrew Schnuckers, residing at 1718
Howard street, interfered In a fight at the
butchers' picnic at San Jose yesterday
and received two knife wounds on his
hands for his pains. A butcher living at
San Jose became engaged in a quarrel
with a boy, and Schnuckers tried to stop
the fight. The butcher then turned on
him with a knife. The wounds were
dressed at the harbor hospital on
Schnuckers 1 arrival in the city.
Irish Fair Ball.
A reception and ball will be grfven to
morrow night at the Pavilion to the la
dles whose efforts so largely contributed
to the success of the Irish Fair. The la
dles will appear In the costumes worn
during the Fair. Golway carried off the
honors as tne most popular county in
Ireland. It is stated that 100,000 people
attended the novel exposition and that a
good fat fund will be the result.
Coroner Hawkins Remembered.
There was a large attendance at the
meeting of the Golden West Republican
Club of the Thirtieth Assembly District
on Saturday night. Fifty names were
added to the membership roll and the club
unanimously indorsed the State Republi
can ticket as well as Dr. Hawkins for
Coroner and J. B. Allen for Recorder for
the municipal ticket.
Mrs. O'Brien's Mishap.
Mrs. O'Brien, 4 Russ street, was treated
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
ing for a fracture of the left arm, a
Bprain of the right wrist and a broken
nose. She said the street near her house
is being repaired, and when going home
Saturday night she stepped on a loose
plank and fell.
Fell Off a Car.
John Telleher, a laborer, living at the
Reno lodging house, fell from a Fourth
street car yesterday afternoon and had
his left leg broken in two places. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the injured member was set by Dr. Edi
ven Bunnell.
Altos Still Winners.
In the Becond game between the Altos
and San Francisco Road team the former
were again victorious. Score, 13 to 10. The
feutureß were Brockoft's pitching and
Morrison's backstop -work.
DEATH SAVED
HER FROM A
FELON'S CELL
Sad Ending of a Once
Handsome Woman.
WAS KNOWN TO THE POLICE
JOSIE EVANS, A BOBN THIEF,
DEFEATS JUSTICE.
Wantwd for Grand Larceny She Goes
to the County Hospital to
Pass Her Few Bemain
ing Days.
Occupying an unmarked grave In the
City Cemetery is the body of Josie Evans,
a once handsome woman, whose criminal
career forme an interesting chapter in the
police annals of this city. Possessed of
many gifts, this woman might have had
an enviable place in society had it not
been for her criminal instincts and her
weakness for taking the property of
others.
"Josie," as she was familiarly known to
the police, started on her criminal career
about four years ago. She was then a
mere girl, but in a brief space of time she
developed into one of the most daring fe
male thieves that ever operated in tnis
city. Her scheme was to live out as a
servant and while her employer was ab
sent she would steal as much property
as she could conveniently carry. About a
year ago she visited a friend, who lived
on Mason street, and when she left sev
eral silk dresses and some jewelry be
longing to the lady of the house were
gone. The police were notified and after
considerable trouble they found Josie
In a lodging-house on Kearny street.
In her trunk were the missing articles,
together with a miscellaneous assortment
of stolen property. She was tried for the
offense, and on conviction was sent to the
House of Correction for six months. Af
ter her release she met a confiding woman
who after listening to her story of poverty
and hunger allowed her to occupy a room
in her house.
In reward for her kindness Josie during
the absence of her benefactress selected
the most suitable articles she could find
in the house and, packing them in a
trunk, sent for an express wagon. The
trunk containing the stolen articles was
then placed in the wagon, and the driver
ordered to take It to the woman's room
on Mission street.
While the police were scouring the city
for the young woman word reached them
that she was In the City and County Hos
pital, a victim of rapid consumption. On
account of her condition they allowed her
to remain there, knowing that her death
would be hastened by removing' her to
prison. Her last appeal to the detective
who visited her a short time afterward
was that she be allowed to remain at the
hospital, as she did not want to die in
prison.
"It is all over with me," she remarked,
as tears coursed down her sunken cheeks.
"For God's sake don't let them take me
away. I know I have been a bad girl, but
please let me die away from the gloomy
surroundings of the jail."
The detective assured her that she
would not be removed, and vainly endeav
ored to cheer her up up by telling her
that her last victim had forgiven her.
Thursday night the unfortunate woman
breathed her last, and her emaciated
body was interred in potters' field.
THEY DRESSED IN
HASTE AND BOLTED
FIRE AT THE HAMMAM BATHS
ON SUTTER STREET.
Mayor Phelan and His Friends Were
There as Spectators — Abbre
viated Costumes and a
Happy Crowd.
A flre started in Lenstrom & Johnson's
Hammam Baths, 415 Sutter street, yes
terday afternoon at 4:15, and occupied tho
attention of the Fire Department for
about three-quarters of an hour. The
resulting damage amounted to $3000—
$2000 to the building and ; JO to the fur
nishings. The cause, as recorded in the
annals of the Fire Department, was over
heating and hot air In the "drop," a
technical term which applies alone to
Hammam apparatus.
It was a warm time all round at the
Hammam Baths during the day. Tiie
steam never seemed hotter to the epi
demic Sunday bathers. W. P. Wolfe and
M. Blum were cooling off when the flre
warned them that there was a kind 'of
heat for which they were not yet pre
pared. They had been steamed to a
nicety, but they did not wish to expose
themselves to any foreign and unexpected
heat, so they fled when they discovered
that valor would end in a roast. Wolfe
ran to his clothes and dressed hurriedly;
he even waited to get his valuables out of
the treasure box, but Blum was not so
successful. Somehow his clothes did not
go on as readily as under ordinary cir
cumstances, so that, when the Fire De
partment arrived it was forced to conduct
the aforesaid Mr. Blum to a safe retreat.
He was taken to one of the dressing
rooms far removed from the area of flre,
but within easy shot of the nozzle brigade.
To quiet Blum's nerves the hose players
would now and them spatter the room a
bit, all of which made the undressed but
much washed Blum happy.
A woman who was indulging in the
shocking delights of an electric bath
heard some one on the inside cry "fire."
She jumped at conclusions and almost
out of the window, but was held back
from the latter by the hand of the lady
masseur. They both began to dress at
the same time, but the lady masseur had
her bangs crimped before her subject had
donned enough clothes to prevent the
police from making an arrest If she had
appeared on the street at that moment.
The masseur assisted the lady with a
skirt and a cape and away they both went
flying into the street. The crowd on the
outside thought it was funny, but the
lady looked otherwise as she rushed into
Druid's Hall to make additions to her
abbreviated costume.
When the crowd began to gather Mayor
Phelan and "Whispering" Gavin McNab,
who were in the neighborhood, rushed to
the scene. Tom Riordan and Captain
Wittman soon joined them, and the quar
tet watched the flre with consuming in
terest. The Mayor said that he was once
at a Hammam bath, and then suddenly
ceased talking. He had once been em
barrassed by a similar experience.
The flre commenced in the rear of the
building, which is owned by F. Bogan.
It seemed to take its origin from a de
fect in the casing over the furnace Wolfe
discovered it first and gave the alarm.
The flre ran up the air shaft in the back
of the building and then spread through
the top floor, from which ft descended.
SAILS FLAPPED IDLY.
Corinthian Small Yacht Begatta at
El Campo Postponed for Want
of Wind.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning 1 there
•was little breeze at Tlburon, and the
chances for a successful small yacht re
gatta began to look slim. But toward
noon a light wind sprang up, and carried
many of the Corinthian fleet through the
straits up to, or a little beyond, California
City. But then a flat calm stopped all
further progress and sails flapped idly,
and the yachtsmen had nothing left to
do but to "josh" each other. The Corin
thians are past masters at this art, and
gave themselves plenty of scope.
About 1 p. in, some one In authority
grattpcd the opportunity and a mega
phone, and announced that at a meeting
or the regatta committee just held it had
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
DRESS FABRICS
. . . FOR ...
FALL = = 1898.
Our customers are herehu informed that
commencing Mondau, Sect. 12th, we shall offer
for sale the most elegant variety of NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS at the following prices,
Viz, $7.50 per Dress Pattern
$10.50 per Dress Pattern
$12.50 per Dress Pattern
$15.00 per Dress Pattern
$17.50 per Dress Pattern '
$20.00 per Dress Pattern
$22.50 per Dress Pattern
The ahOYe are EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS and'
comprise 30 DIFFERENT STYLES.
SEE EXHIBITION IN OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 124-.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
been decided to postpone the regatta.
Most of the yachts began to drop down
through the straits to the cove, but one <>r
two went round the back of Angel Island,
and, getting out into the channel breeze,
enjoyed a very pleasant sail.
Among the boats at El Carapo were the
sloops Clara, Freda, Mignon and Queen,
and the yawls Idler, Kittiwake, Arcturus
and Nereid. Merope, Doris and the sloop
Idler were also in the upper bay.
PBOF. JAMES OF HARVARD
To Lecture Before the Alameda
County Teachers' Institute.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The annual
meeting of the Alameda County Teach
ers' Institute will convene in the First
Congregational Church at noon to-mor
row. The feature this year will be six lec
tures by Professor "William James of Har
vard. Monday he will lecture on "Man
as a Reacting Organism, and Instinct and
Impulses." Tuesday, "Habit and Associa
tion and Memory." Wednesday, "Atten
tion, Appreciation and Conception and
Will."
Christianity and the Schools.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— Rev. Charles
R. Brown preached on "Christianity and
the Public Schools" at the First Congre
gational Church to-night. He discerned
at length the practicability of instructing
the Bchool children In the rudiments of
religion, based on these four truths, as
fundamental principles. The existence of
a Supreme Being; obedience to the moral
law bringing us into the expression of fa
vor with God; conscious communion with
God that is the habit of prayer; and last
ly, there lies beyond this life a future,
and that our conduct here affects our
happiness there.
He said the prisoners at San Quentin
are there not from the fact that they did
not know the capital of Dakota, but be
cause of a lack of moral power, which
might have been started through teach
ing the simple truths of natural religion,
totally stripped of all sectarian dif
ferences.
Mrs. "Vienna Heywood Dead.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 11.— Mrs. Vienna
Heywood, wife of W. B. Hey wood, died
at her home, 1842 University street, Berke
ley, to-day from stomach troubles. She
was aged 68 years and a native of New
York.
Found Dead in Bed.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 11.— George A.
Maser, aged 70 years, was found dead in
his bed at his home in Livermore to-night.
He was last seen yesterday morning and
was a hard drinker.
The Dolphins Won.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 11.— The first game
of the California Amateur League played
between the Heesemans of Oakland and
the Dolphins of Santa Cruz was won by
the latter. Score, 10 to 6.
TWO VESSELS LOST
IN A TERRIBLE STORM
Twenty Persons Have Undoubtedly
Perished Off the Coast of
Georgia.
BRUNSWICK, Ga.. Sept. 11.—Postmas
ter Symonds, who chartered a tug and
went In search of the schooner John H.
Platt, which was In the terrible storm of
August 30, has returned to Brunswick,
with unmistakable evidences of the ship's
loss with all on board. Postmaster Sy
mons' son was a passenger on the Platt.
A brother of Captain Townsend of the
schooner Jessie C. Woodhutt, accompan
ied Mr. Symons, and he is confident that
his brother's ship had met the same fate.
A total of twenty persons were aboard
the two lost ships.
FRENCH MINISTERS
THREATEN TO RESIGN
Zurlinden and Lockroy Protest
Against a Revision of the
Dreyfus Case.
PARIS, Sept. 11.— It is asserted that If
the Cabinet still Insists upon revision of
the Dreyfua case General Zurlinden,
Minister of War, and M. Lookroy, Minis
ter of Marino, will resign.
BQWEN
XCO.
A duty to your family Is to set
before them pure, nutritous food;
and that, of necessity, cannot be
cheapest. $ The prices below are on
regular 'goods reduced for three
days to attract trade to the stores
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Baking powder— 20c
reg'ly 45c lb slb tin $1.2£
Good baking powder isn't hard to ;
make — you know how — there's
nothing mysterious or secret in it
Coffee— Crescent blend 2OC
regularly 25c lb— ground or roast
Central American coffees are very
cheap — no need to put in any-
thing but coffee
Whiskies (well known brands)
/ • reg'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 1889 bot $1 25 $1
" gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1886 \ \ bot 150 1 J
" " (i " gal 6 450
Recommended by physicians
Cocktails— Imperial 90C
- regularly $1.25 quart bottle •
Aged in glass. Compounded by tip-
perienced blenders. Many prefer them
to those made at bars. Always ready-
for home comsumption
, Gelatine'S-CW«- large size :i: i £C
- reg'ly 20c pkge doz $1 2£
Who knows a better gelatine—
knows where they can buy it so low
Dates— blacken* lOC
regularly 15c lb
Dates supply millions of human be-
ings with their daily food in Arabia
Toilet paper— Belvedere $1.10
regularly 51.50 doz packages
/'A first class article
Almond cream balm -2 bots2cc
. regularly 15c bottle— Oakley's
For healing chapped hands or face or,.
reducing freckles
Asparagus tips-ree'iyMHcth. ioc
The young, edible shoots, but not the
largest. Make delicious salads. They
tempt the appetite of a sick person
Fruit and jelly press— Henisf y OC
regularly 40c :. You need one just now
Presses out the pulp . and keeps the •
seeds. Also a good potato masher
Flour sifters— reg'iyTisc ioc
with a wheel— a labor saving device
Sink strainers— reg'iy 25c ice
Dosen't allow the sink to clog
A sanitary precaution
Cigars from Havana
'None shipped, since the port opened
nave arrived yet; but we still have '
.- same that were ; made before the war
wmch have been well kept and smoke
; . finely
Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday
: 43a Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
— — ■ —
lA/. X. HESS,
i f KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOKNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua SpreckeU Bldg.
D Tolerhone Brown 931.
Keuidenee, 821 California St., below PowalL -
Ban FntncUco. .\ : : ... - .--■".,."