volume -Lxxxm.- ygf^qfr^.
THE MUTTERINGS OF WAR
ARE GROWING YET LOUDER
IS GOVERNMENT
KEEPING BACK
INFORMATION ?
STATESMEN
ARE GETTING
VERY CURIOUS
Believe That the President
Wants Time to Prepare
for Battle.
■
There Is a General Strengthening
of Coast Fortifications and
the South Atlantic Fleet Is
Hurrying Northward.
Are the administration officials sincere and honest in
the expression of the belief that the Maine's destruction re
sulted from accident, or do they merely assume this con
servative attitude to gain time in which to put the army and
navy upon a war footing ?
This is a question which members of Congress are ask
ing. It is certain that leading Senators and Representatives
in Congress who are members of the Naval and Milrary
Affairs Committe3 have been in private consultation win
the President, and the fact that they are secretive naturally
creates a belief that these conferences were important. It
is known to be an absolute fact that the President requested
the Washington Post and Star to assume a conservative
attitude, so as not to incite jingoes in Congress to radical
action which might precipitate a crisis.
But whether the President and his advisers are really
of the opinion that an accident caused the Maine's destruc
tion, or whether the officials wish to temporize in order to
put the army and navy on a war footing, is a question ex
cited by the unusual activity in army and navy circles.
It is a significant fact that Senator Perkins and Repre
sentative Hilborn, of California, both of whom are members
of the Naval Committee of their respective houses, are
unusually cautious and discreet in their expressions of
opinion. But, however careful they may have been, it is
known by their friends that they regard the situation as
very serious, and both men are at this time deeply engrossed
in the study of naval matters.
I asked Congressman Hilborn to-night if in his opinion
the United States was prepared for war.
" Perhaps not," said he, "but we will be prepared in
short order should the findings of the naval court at Havana
show the Maine's destruction to have been caused by
design."
It is very evident that Mr. Hilborn thinks the Maine
was blown up by a submarine mine, for in casual conversa
tion to-night he said: "The fact may not be generally
known at large, but we have our own harbors planted with
torpedoes and submarine mines. New York harbor is thus
fortified, and so is San Francisco harbor. A diagram is in
the possession of the officers. The entire harbor is checked
off into squares or subdivisions, and each one is numbered
as accurately as the chairs in an opera-house. Lookouts
posted •on "the bluff have such an accurate knowledge of
these harbor subdivisions that they can, by a signal, a flash
to the gunners, show the exact location of a hostile ship,
and the gunners have their range-finders so adjusted that
they can fire a shot and strike any one of these squares.
As tor the torpedoes and submarine mines in San Francisco
harbor, 1 of course do not know where they are located.
Neither does any civilian. These secrets are, for obvious
reasons, jealously guarded by the War Department."
HAVANA, Feb. 21.— The board of at 10 o'clock this morning, with
inquiry into the Maine disaster met Captains Sampson and Chadwick
on the lighthouse tender Mangrove and Lieutenant-Commanders Potter
The San Francisco Call
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. it.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
and Marix present. XJaptain Samp
son presided, and Lieutenant-Com
mander Marix, recently executive of
ficer of the Maine, acted as recorder.
Captain Sigsbee, the commander
of the Maine, was the first witness
called. He was under examination
until 1 o'clock this afternoon, at
which hour an adjournment was
taken. It is probable that no fur
ther witness will be heard to-day,
but the board will make a careful
personal examination of the wreck,
near which the Mangrove is an
chored.
Captain Sampson received a cor
respondent immediately after the
morning session of the board. He
said in the course of an interview:
"I would be glad to give news,
but owing to the delicate situation,
the board has decided to make noth
ing whatever public. Ido not know
what testimony may develop, and
when, and it is only fair to the
Spanish Government not to tell the
public the testimony until all has
been received and the findings have
been considered.
• "You may say that this rule is
absolute. Due care will be taken
for the rigid enforcement of it. I
have no idea as to how long the
court will remain here. No one is
authorized to fix the time, as the
members themselves do not know. I
shall give such routine news of the
proceedings as is proper."
Captain Sigsbee, on board the
Mangrove, told the correspondent
that he was quite pleased with the
examination, and that he was able
to answer all the questions asked,
not only as to his own acts, but as
to those of his subordinates on the
Maine.
Gunner Charles Morgan, of the
cruiser New York, arrived on the
Mangrove and is in immediate
charge of the divers. The latter
have heen at work all day, but up to
the time of sending this dispatch no
discoveries have been made. It is
believed that the salvage by the
wrecking company will be consider
able and valuable.
LATIN REPUBLICS
SHOW FRIENDSHIP.
Deny That They Would Form an
Alliance With Spain against
the United States.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The state
ments that Spain, through her agents
In South and Central America, is en
deavoring to form a Latin alliance
against the United States are denied
in Mexican cable dispatches to the
Herald from the principal cities of the
Southern republics. From Argentina
comes assurances that the Government
would not permit Spain to make over
tures in this direction. Mexico's senti
ments are entirely with the United
States, as against Spain and Chile, it
is said, would not embark in any dan
gerous alliance against the United
States.
President Zelaya of Nicaragua tells
the Herald that his Government sym
pathizes with the United States, and
President Pierola of Peru, extends con
dolences for the Maine disaster.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 21.— T0
the Editor of the Herald: Domestic
affairs have prevented the Nicaraguan
people from hearing of the recent in
cidents between the United States and
Spain. Owing to that fact, we are
unable to give an opinion thereon. I
can, however, assure the Herald that
in Nicaragua there is a heartfelt sym
pathy for the American people.
I. S. ZELAYA.
President.
LIMA, Peru, Feb. 21.— T0 the Editor
of the Herald: Accept my salutations.
In reply, will say that the Peruvian
Minister in Washington must by this
time have expressed to your Govern
ment the condolence of the people of
Peru and mine for the painful accident
to the Maine. PIEROLA.
Buenos Ayres has never attempted
to influence the policy of Argentina,
nor would any diplomatic effort in
that direction be permitted by the
Government. I am able to say this on
high authority. The officials of Ar
gentina heartily disapprove the act of
Senor De Lome, formerly Minister to
the United States, in criticizing Presi
dent McKinley, and applaud the en
ergy of the American Government in
the matter. The disaster to the Maine
has been widely commented upon, but
public opinion as to the cause has not
taken definite form. The public
anxiously awaits the result of the
Government's investigation.
VALPARAISO. Chile. Feb. 21.— The
assertions that Spanish diplomats in
the South American republics are
working to obtain their support
against the United States took every
one here by surprise, and as far as
Chile is concerned they are absolutely
unfounded. It is true that Chileans,
in spite of their old quarrel with the
mother country, are deeply attached
to Spain, and Spanish residents in
Chile are numerous, but Chilean
statesmen have often proved their
disinclination to embark in dangerous
enterprises, such as an alliance
against the United States, for which
they have sincere friendship. Besides
this, Chile's hands are full now with
the settlement of questions with Peru,
Bolivia and Argentina,. and she has no
time to listen to such propositions
from Spanish representatives,' even if
made, which I most emphatically : say
on the best authority jis . not the • case.
j The news of I the blowing up ; of > ' the
Maine, while from the first not attrib
uted :• here to I foul play Yon I the I part Jof
Spain,*, caused ;• a-imrrfjoji : and r. awak
ened^r.videspread'i-syr^athy.TAfor.^the'
great sister republic, the United States.
Newspapers Jj throughout the 7 republic
greatly deplore the catastrophe and
deeply lament the loss of so many
lives. . ,
DELVING AMONG
THE MAINE'S DEAD.
Divers Encounter a Horrible Sight
Among the Ruins of
the Ship.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.-The Sun's
Havana cable says: To-day has been
one of the most cloudy days of the sea
son. Besides, the many objects float
ing inside the Maine adder! to the dark
ness and greatly hampered the divers
in their work.
To prevent all this trouble it is an
nounced that to-morrow the divers will
carry a wire and place an electric search
light inside the Maine. The wire will
be connected with the Mangrove, and
the tender's dynamo be used to
throw the light inside the wrecked
battleship. The divers have received
strict orders to refuse to reply to any
question about the cause of the dis
aster or the results of their investiga
tion.
Inside the hull of the ship the divers
found many bodies. About this they
talked freely, saying it was one of the
most horrible spectacles that human
sight could endure, s.n efforts to re
cover these bodies were useless to-day.
so much iron being around them. The
divers will try to-morrow to bring
them up.
The sailor Koehler was dying at 10
o'clock to-night. At a late hour it is
confirmed that the Bache leaves to
morrow with an important communi
cation for Admiral Sicard,
WILL ATTEMPT TO
PREVENT AGITATION.
Leaders of the House Now Think It
Good Policy to Remain Silent.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. —It was
stated to-day that it will be the policy
of the House leaders to prevent, as far
as possible, any agitation of matters
relating to Cuba or the Maine disaster
in the future. Pending the result of
the official investigation they believe
it is wise and the part of good public
policy, to maintain silence. As Chair
man Hitt, of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, is confined to his home by a bad
cold, it is probable that no more meet
ings of the committee will be held un
til he returns to his seat in the House.
It is understood that the report of the
State Department to be made in an
swer to the House resolution of in
quiry regarding the situation in Cuba
will not be made for a week or ten
days. It is explained that the work of
preparing the consular reports which
will be transmitted will require consid
erable time. Besides those reports, it is
said, must be scanned by Assistant
Secretary Day in person and the de
mands upon his timi> at present are
very great am] he has little leisure to
give to this work.
ANOR&ERFOR
RAPID-FIRE GUNS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.-A Bridgeport
(Conn.) special to the Herald says:
The American Ordnance Company re
ceived an order this afternoon from the
United States Government for forty
spven six-pounder rapid-fire Hotchkisa
guns, which are to be delivered as soon
as possible. The company is making
preparations to turn the pruns out with
all possible speed. An extra force will
be put on them at once. It will take
several months to turn them out. At
no time since the company started has
it been so pressed with orders as now.
due lai-grely to the activity the Govern
ment is making in preparations to
strengthen coast defences.
OFFICERS OF THE MAINE
EXPECTED THEIR SHIP
WOULD BE DESTROYED
One of Them Said to Have Written That the Worst
Would Happen if the Vessel Remained in
the Harbor of Havana After the 15th
of February, the Fatal Day.
"An officer of the Maine in a re- '
cent letter to his wife said, 'If we do {
not get out of here before the 15th ,
of February something serious will (
happen.'" '
This announcement made from the
pulpit of the Church of the Advent by {
the Rev. J. A. Emery Sunday night (
created a profound sensation. <
In almost every city or village of <
the United States, no matter how <
large or small, it is safe to say that J
some reference was made from at
least one pulpit yesterday regarding <
the terrible disaster to the Maine. <
When Mr. Emery entered his pulpit J
Sunday evening and announced his in- ,
tention to dwell upon this topic the (
congregation took it as a matter of •
course. His subject was "Be Thou |
Faithful Unto Death," and as he en- (
tered into it his words were followed (
closely. (
"It may not generally be known," he said,
but it is nevertheless a fact, that when the
ship entered the harbor of Havana her gal
lant crew knew they were risking their lives,
but they never murmured nor sought to
swerve from the path of duty. Yesterday I
was talking to an intimate friend of mine, a
retired naval officer and a man in whose
word I place implicit confidence. In speak
ing of the disaster he mentioned a very dear
friend of his, who was a prominent officer on
the Maine, but whose name I will not men
tion. This officer, in a recent letter to his
wife, spoke in no uncertain terms about the
perilous position of the Maine in Havana har
\ bor, and furthermore stated that he was
positive if the Maine did not leave Havana
■ harbor before the 15th some catastrophe
' would result."
On the evening of the 15th the Maine was
blown out of the water by some unknown
agency, and there in the mud and filth of the
bay with the gnarled and twisted iron lie the
bodies of the brave boys who were "faithful
unto death."
At the close of the sermon the preacher
was surrounded by a number of his congre
gation, among whom were many of the cool
est heads in the city, eager to learn more of
the sensational incident he brought to light,
but beyond reiterating his former statements
he would have nothing to say. Mr. Emery is
not by any means a sensationalist, and the
members of his congregation are satisfied
\ that he would make no statements without
j having fully investigated them and having
[ full confidence in their authenticity.
GOING TO HER DOOM.
The American battleship Maine pass
ing Morro Castle on the way to her
anchorage in Havana harbor, at the
point where her wreck now lies, and
where so many of Uncle Sam's brave
boys in blue sleep beneath the murky
water.
Yesterday afternoon a Call reporter visited
him at the diocesan house on California
street, where he was in company with a
number of prominent Episcopalian clergymen,
and questioned him regarding the story. He
was very reticent, and positively refused to
divulge the name or rank of the author of the
sensational letter.
"The incident I mentioned in my sermon
Sunday evening is perfectly true, and were
I at liberty to mention the name and stand
ing of my informant the doubts in the minds
of a great many people would at once be set
at rest. As it is I feel almost sorry that I
mentioned the incident in my address Sun
day evening, and had I known there was a
reporter in my congregation I would never
have done so, as the story was related to me
casually in conversation and I feel now al
most as though I had betrayed the confidence
of a friend. The letter in question was re
ceived by the officer's wife a few days prior
to the dreadful explosion which sent over two
hundred of our brave boys to an untimely
grave in the bottom of the bay. She at
once wrote to my friend knowing that he, as
REV. J. A. EMERY.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
a military man, could be considered fairly
good authority on such matters, told him that
it had occasioned her a great deal of uneasi
ness and asked his advice in the matter.
"He was not greatly alarmed at first,
thinking perhaps some of the Jack tars who
had tarried a little too long on shore had
been excited by the idle gossip of the Span
ish rabble along the water front and had car
ried the gossip on shipboard, adding a little
to it by way of giving it proper color.
"Whatever his conjectures may have been
he received a rude awakening on the morn
ing of the 16th when he read in an early copy
of The Call the particulars of the dire disas
ter, and the meaning of that terrible 'some
thing will happen on the 15th if we don't get
away from here' dawned upon him in all its
horrible reality.
"There have been some doubts as to who
is responsible for the wreck, but how could
an officer select the day in advance ?
"I read the stories in the papers from day
to day and determined on selecting the dis
aster to the Maine as the topic for my Sun
day evening address, but was in doubt as to2
STATESMEN STILL TALK OF PEACE
SPANISH FLEET
IN CUBAN WATERS
TO BE STRENGTHENED
It Is Clear That the Dons Are -Preparing •Them
selves for Any Result of the Maine Inquiry
Now In Progress at the City of ■
'Havana.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Spain has not neglected to take pre
cautions for any emergencies that may arise. According to official
information which has reached Washington, there are now en route
to Cuba the Almirante Oquendo — a sister ship of Vizcaya, which is
now at New York — the Cristobal Colon, an armored cruiser, and four
torpedo boats — the Ariete, of 97 tons displacement and a speed of
26.1 knots per hour; the Halcon and Azore, each of 108 tons displace
ment and 24 knots speed, and the Rayo of 97 tons displacement and
25.6 knots speed. It is expected the Vizcaya will proceed to Havana
within a few days.
Besides the vessels mentioned Spain will then have in Cuban
waters the Alfonso XIII, a cruiser of 3090 tons displacement, built in
ISB7, and carrying a main battery of 6.2-inch and 2.7-inch guns; the
Reina Mercedes, a cruiser of 3090 tons displacement, built in 18S7, and
carrying a battery of two 4.7-inch and four 6-pounders; the Reina
Cristina, of 3520 tons displacement, a speed of 17.5 knots and a bat
tery of six 6.2-inch, two 2.7-inch, three 2.2-inch and two 5-inch guns;
the Conde de Venadito, Infanta Isabel and Isabel 11, each of 1130 tons
displacement, 14 knots speed and batteries consisting of four 4.7-inch
guns, two 2.7-inch guns and five machine guns, and the Marquis de la-
Ensenade of 1030 tons displacement, a speed of 15 knots and armed
with four 4.7-inch and five smaller guns of rapid firing type and four
machine puns.
In addition to these cruisers the Spanish fleet in Cuban waters
consists of the torpedo vessels Filipinas, 20 knots speed; Jorge Juan
of 13 knots, Galicia and the Marques de Molirs and Neuva Espana
of 16 knots speed. The Spanish flag also flies over twenty-four ves
sels having displacements of 300 tons, 200 tons, 100 tons and 40 tons
each and nine yachts purchased in the United States and doing ser
vice as patrol boats.
Tho Cristobal Colon left Spanish waters for Cuba via the Canary
Islands on February 1, in company with the torpedo boats named.
This ship was only recently placed in commission and is accounted
one of Spain's most formidable vessels. She carries a battery of two
10-inch guns, ten 6-inch, six 4.7-inch and ten 2.2-inch rapid firing
guns.
the best light to put the matter in. I could
not reasonably accuse the Spanish of hav
ing destroyed our vessel, prophesied war
and given a long dissertation on war, its
calamities and the uncertainty of life in
great disturbances, nor could I draw a possi
ble moral from the fact that our Government
has not taken every precaution to guard
against accident, as lam very familiar with
conditions aboard a man-of-war and know
that every precaution which human ingenuity
can suggest is a/ready in use.
"/ walked donntown. debating the ques
tion in my mind, and incidentally met my
friend. He was Just the man I wanted, and
we at once entered into conversation on the
chief topic of the day— that terrible explo
sion in Havana harbor, Mhich may jar the
world before its last detonation is heard.
While discussing the matter he incidentally
spoke of his friend, hoping that no harm
would befall him, and mentioned how brave
he was in the face of a hidden danger.
"I naturally expressed some surprise at
the mention of 'hidden danger,' and to my
great astonishment he informed me that the
wreck was not altogether unexpected — that
the officers knew they were face to face with
death, but could not tell in what form it
would be visited upon them. He then spoke
of the letter from the Maine's officer, in
which the evening of the 15th was men
tioned as a day of impending death, and I
at once drew my lesson: These men knew
they were face to face with a calamity of
some kind ; had an inkling of the day, per
haps the hour, and yet never faltered, never
flinched, but bravely stood at their posts
until the 'something of the 15th' happened —
they were awakened from their slumbers by
a deafening roar; the plank that separated
them from the deep was shattered; from
the arms of slumber they were aroused to
find themselves clasped in the arms of the
angel ot death. I chose my text of 'Be
Thou Faithful Unto Death,' but my discourse
found myself at a loss for a fitting illustra
tion—something which would fully show how
faithful these men were to the charge im
posed upon them — and the words of the offi
cer of the ill-fated cruiser flashed upon me.
Thinking that they might pass unnoticed, and
being fully convinced of the absolute relia
bility of my informant, I narrated the inci
dent of the letter.
"The stir it created in the congregation
and the many eager inquiries afterward were
more of a surprise to me than the news I
unwittingly gave forth was to my congrega
tion, and I was sorry for it. My desire is to
be anything but a sensationalist, and, aside
from this, in the present heated condition of
things it is bad policy to arouse the people
and start a clamor for war when an investi
gation may prove that Spain had nothing
whatever to do with the disaster.
"No ; I must positively refuse to give you
the name of either my informant or the au
thor of the letter, as I have refused many of
my congregation. It would be premature at
this time, and it would be necessary for me
to gain the consent of my friend first. I
think I have already gone too far with you,
and hope you will not publish any of what I
have told you, while I fully realize that it is
your business to do so.
"The lady who received the letter is not
living here at the present time, and her hus
band was among those who were saved. I
am confident, however, that if you should
THE DON-" There's No Telling How Much This Fellow Will Stand."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
obtain her address she would give you no
further information, but would deplore the
fact that so much has already been made
public. When the naval board of inquiry
sits in a few days all these facts will be
made public, as the officer in question will no
doubt testify at that time in effect as he has
already written. I know him to be a man of
such integrity as not to be guilty of writing
such a message to his wife from any mere
hearsay or rumor. He knew what he was
about, and evidently wished to fortify her
against any possible shock which might re
sult from sudden news of the loss of the
ship. She had an ink/ing of what was com
ing, and was in a measure prepared for it.
Once again I must assure you that this is true
and express my regret that it has been made
public prematurely, but business is business
with you, and I know what to expect. This
is positively all I will say regarding the mat
ter — at least until after the board of inquiry
has met, and then I will be guided by its
verdict."
While Mr. Emery was speaking a group of
clergymen gathered about him, who listened
to his words with undisguised interest and
immediately pressed around him with a
series of questions which would have done
credit to a professional interviewer. He
stood himself up in a corner, however, and
at once became as communicative as the
Sphinx on matters regarding the disaster.
WORK AT THE MOUTH
OF CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Government Mounts Heavy Ord
nance and Will Man the Mon
itor Nantucket.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— A WUraington
(N. C.) special to the Herald says:
Since the Government began the erec
tion of fortifications at the mouth of
Cape Fear River no visitors have been
permitted to inspect the work being
done. Everything contemplated has
nearly approached completion. Heavy
rilled ordnance, mounted en barbette on
disappearing carriages, have been
placed in position, ammunition has been
received and an artillery officer with
a few men has recently arrived to take
charge.
As an adjunct to the land works the
United States steamer Nantucket — a
monitor of the old type, however — is
stationed in this harbor. Orders have
recently been received to place the ves
sel in first-class condition. The battery
of the Nantucket consists of two 12
inch cannon in the turret, with sev
eral rapid-firing guns as a secondary
battery. This ship is to be manned by
the North Carolina reserve force, con
sisting of about 250 men, and an officer
of the regular navy has arrived to in
spect and instruct them. Lieutenant
Commander George L. Morton, with his
whole command, is very enthusiastic
and ready at any time to respond to
the call of the Government.
Greater confidence is now felt here in
the security of our poTt, and, while
more extensive fortifications may be
needed, still the opinion prevails that a
hostile ship would have difficulty in
passing the batteries without serious
injury being inflicted upon them. Be
sides these means of defense and pro-
tection, torpedoes will be provided to
be placed in the channel both outside
and along the bars, which at high wa
ter would admit of the passage of ves
sels drawing twenty-two feet. Our re
serve will give a good account of itself
should an emergency arise, and many
of the recruits care not ho-w soon.
Lee Remains at Havana.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— There is no
truth in the report from Tampa, Fla.,
stating that General Lee left Havana
' this afternoon by the Government yes
, sel for that port, and that a train had
been ordered to take him to Washinu
, ton on his arrival there. A dispatch
'•■ from Havana late to-night says:
I "General Lee is still here. He is not
going to Washington to-night."
THIRD BRIGADE
GETS ORDERS
General Muller's Instruc
tions of a Most War
like Nature.
National Guardsmen Are Told
to Quickly Prepare for
Emergencies.
Companies Must Be Filled and the
Names of All Men Eligible
to Be Secured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 21.— General W. M.
Muller, commanding the Third Brigade,
National Guard of California, has is
sued the following orders to his sub
ordinate officers:
"Ascertain immediately the business
and residence address of each member
of your command. From this informa
tion divide your command into squads
of corporals. Each corporal must
keep both the business and residence
address of each man in his squad and
also familiarize himself with the usual
whereabouts of each man bath day and
night, so that every man can be quick
ly found.
"You will ascertain immediately what
per cent of your command can be de
pended on for active service and how
many are unfit from physical disabili
ty. Ascertain how many ex-National
Guardsmen in your vicinity who can
be depended on for active service, and
make a roster of these men, showing
name and both business and resi
dence address. Report the approxi
mate time you would require to recruit
your command up to the maximum of
103 members who are physically fit for
active service. Make two rosters, one
of ex-National Guardsmen and one o*
men who are willing to volunteer, show
ing business and residence address.
Place a copy of each roster most con
veniently into sections of indefinite
number in charge of each sergeant for
purpose of prompt notification. Load
immediately all effective shells you
have necessary to bring your supply
of ammunition up to 100 rounds per
man on a basis of present membership,
being extremely careful to properly
size each shell. If your finances per
mit, it would be well to provide a re
serve supply beyond this quota for pos
sible recruits.
"Can you in case of emergency pro
vide'your command with six days'trav
eling rations per man from your local
source of supply? This ration to com
ply as nearly as circumstances will ad
mit to United States army standard.
You are hereßy' oAlered to assemble
J your command for an inspection in the
, armory on Thursday, February 24, 1898,
i at 8 o'clock p. m. promptly, in heavy
: marching order, and have all property
I ready for inspection."
STOCKTON, Feb. 21.— Major Gus
I Grant received to-day an order from
j the headquarters of the Third Brigade,
calling him to inspect Companies A
i and B of this city next Thursday night
and giving certain instructions whicn
show that the object of the inspection
| is to ascertain the condition of the
[ companies for service in case of war.
i The order directs that the business and
residence address of members and ex
members of the National Guard be se
cured, and that the officers familiarize
themselves with the whereabouts of
the men, day and night. The order also
directs that effective shells be loaded
l at once, sufficient to bring the amount
! up to 100 rounds per man, and asks if
! six days' traveling rations per man
can be supplied in case of emergency.
The number of men physically fit for
actual service is asked for, and an In
spection in heavy marching order is
ordered for Thursday night. The fol
lowing accompanies the orders:
"The primary object of this inspec
tion is to ascertain the condition of
property and its fitness for active serv
ice, more especially the ammunition on
•hand, and the condition of the pieces
generally and also the number of men
present and absent and their general
fitness for service. It is not contem
plated to devote much time to drill or
company movements, but information
as to the deficiencies of equipment in
any particular will be ascertained. Re
ports will be made in duplicate within
twelve hours, one copy forwarded im
mediately, direct to brigade headquar
ters and the other to regimental head
quarters."
The orders have occasioned quite a
stir among the local militiamen.
EXPLOSION ON BOARD
ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE.
The Ship Was Lying Quietly at
Anchor and the Magazine Should
Have Been Locked.
That an explosion could take place
in the magazine of a war vessel at
night when its hermetically sealed door
is locked and the key hidden away in
the commander's cabin, or when the
ship is lying peacefully at anchor in
harbor seems well within the limits of
impossibility. To those who have wit
nessed the care which is taken of the
powder storeroom on board ship there
is no such thing as such an occurrence.
Every hour, day and night, the sleep
less vigilance # goes on, for officer and
man know the power of the deadly
mine just under the deck they walk.
Before a magazine door is opened all
fires, all open lights, must be extin
guished. The captain's cigar and the
sailor's pipe is put out. Should the
gunner or any of his mates enter the
sacred place they must change their
clothing, donning garments on which
there are no buttons or any hard sub
stance that might rub against a stray
grain of powder. Shoes with metal
nails in their soles are replaced by rub
ber slippers. Even rings are removed
from fingers and every* precaution
known to human ingenuity is taken to
prevent the deadly friction that may
send a shattered hulk below the waves.
Relative to the awful disaster that
has stricken the noble battle-ship
Maine, many causes have been mooted
for the deadly explosion. Spontaneous
combustion in the coal bunkers or
among the high explosives in the mag
azine Itself has been advanced as a
probable eauF 1 . Gun cotton has been
mentioned as an agent of destruction
to the vessel. On the subject of this
fulminating compound a representative
of The Call Interviewed H. J. Tresselt,
a retired gunner of the United States
navy, now residing in this city. He
was serving on board the Trenton
when she was wrecked in Apia harbor,
and his retirement from active service
was caused by injuries received in that
disaster.
The officer stated that gun cotton is
used on board ship for torpedo work
and carries 30 per cent of water and is
usually stowed below decks in its spe
cial magazine. When charged with
this amount of moisture it is consider
ed perfectly harmless. However, it is
officially inspected at intervals for
signs of the dangerous deterioration
which may be taking place. Special
pains is also taken to keep the contents
of the torpedo cases up in ■weight,
which may fall below through evapo
ration. If loss of weight is noted pure
rain or distilled water Is added. As a
rule wet gun cotton of 30 per cent
moisture cannot be detonated except
with the assistance of a certain
amount of dry gun cotton called "a
primer." About three pounds of dry
are required to detonate thirty-five
pounds of wet. The dry is exploded
by a detonator composed of a certain
number of grains of fulminate of mer
cury. All the dry cotton and the de
tonators are carried either in the cap
tain's cabin or above decks. They are
separated into small quantities .and
distributed about the vessel that the
explosion of one package will not be
communicated to others.
Fire could not cause an explosion in
guncotton as it would simply burn
slowly, and it Is practically impossible
for the wet guncotton to lose enough
moisture to render it explosive and
dangeroois. It is likewise impossible
that the powder could have been heated
from the fireroom or coalbunkers. The
magazines are generally well away
from these places, and protected from
them by heavy steel bulkheads. All
powder charges are sealed in copper
cylinders and stowed so that they do
not come in contact with the bulk
heads. The magazines are guarded
and Inspected constantly. They are
lighted by electricity, each lamp so ar
ranged that it may shed its glow with
in the storeroom and yet not be a pos
sible source of danger to its inflamma
ble contents. The illumination is
thrown into the magazine through'
heavy glass deadlights, which are pro
tected on the magazine side with a
heavy wire screen. As no part of the
lamp or its wires enters the magazine
proper, there is no possibility that the
Maine's explosion came from this
source.
Even the powder itself is frequently
tested to determine if there is any de
terioration from 'standard power. So
it will be seen that the magazine and
Its death-dealing contents are never
left alone, day nor night, and under
this everlasting vigilance it is nearly
Impossible that explosions could take
place therein^
GROWS WEARY OF
CONSTANT FLIGHT
Special nispntch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 21.— Edwin A. Lowe,
who claims to be a defaulting assistant
postmaster from Nowtown, Mass., surren
dered himself to Constable Martin at
Mountain View yesterday morning. Lowe,
who is about 30 years of age, says that in
November la-st he discovered a email
shortage In his books that he could not
account for, and, fearing arrest for em
bezzlement, took $1500 from the postofflce
and went to Mexico. He stayed in that
country until about four weeks ago. when
he came to California. His money had all
been spent in dissipation, and he prefer
red going to an Eastern jail to tramping
about the country. Lowe said there was
$4500 in the postofflce at the time he took
the $1500 and he could have got away with
the whole amount, but he took only what
he thought he would need.
Lowe says he was assistant under Post
master Ellis at Newtown, seven miles
from Boston. He says he was under
$1200 bonds and his bondsmen may have
made good tho defalcation. The postal
authorities have been notified of the ar
rest.
FALLS DEAD JUST AS
HIS GUESTS DEPART.
\ i SAN ' JOSE, Feb. ; 21.— Herman Reich, a
well-known resident of this city, fell dead
; from heart disease * about j 9 o'clock ; ; last
: night. V; : He I had been ! entertaining some
friends and ■as ; soon as they left he -was
1 stricken. r: In * falling he struck ', a Bucket,
cutting ' a gash :in -his ; cheek. He : was - a
native |of i Germany | and 1 38 1 years of ; age.
The deceased had been in this city- about
twelve years. - ■ . . . . - .
THE MAINE WAS
DESTROYED BY
THE SPANIARDS
One ;of the -•Sailors 1 ' Who Survived the Explosion
/_. Does Not -Hesitate to Express Has Opinion
.. of the Dastardly Treachery of
■the Dons,
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Feb. 21.— A United States Steamship Maine
sailor who was serving in the anchor watch, that is, the members of
the crew on duty on deck in Havana harbor at the time of the explo
sion, arrived in Newport to-day and went to Conanticut Island, in Nar
ragansett Bay, to visit friends. He came from Cuba on one of the first
Government steamers to leave the island after the disaster, and is now.
in apparently as good health as ever in his life, though he suffered
some at first from the shock and the fall on board.
The member of the anchor watch does not want his name revealed,
for he is now on furlough and under orders not to talk to newspaper
writers. His home is not in this State and he is not a Rhode Islander.
All day yesterday this survivor of the Havana horror narrated to dif
ferent friends on Conanticut Island the details of the affair when they
recurred to him.
He said in substance: "I was on duty at my post. About 9:40 the
Maine was lifted from twelve to fifteen feet out of the water into the
air. There was an explosion under the ship, in my opinion. An in
stant later a second explosion occurred and then a third. It is my
belief that the Maine was blown up by the Spanish, for no one else
would have the opportunity in that harbor, which is sentried to beat
anything I ever saw or heard about. The first explosion was the
most fearful, and I was tossed into the air. I went up with the ship
fifteen feet or so, and then when my feet left the vessel I went up still
further into the air, and when I struck I landed in the black waters
of Havana harbor some distance away from the sides of the Maine. I
was picked up in about five minutes. I surely swam about as long
as that. The rescue of those swimming about was quickly
done, but some who were blown overboard were drowned. My opinion
is that the magazines will be found intact, for I don't think they ex
ploded. There was on the Maine at the time she was blown up a lot of
fixed ammunition, and this was probably exploded. I think this caused
the second and third explosions, and it came from the flames that fol
lowed the upheaval of the mine or torpedo which exploded beneath
the vesel. The fixed ammunition was for instant use in any emergency.
"There are a good many reasons why I am sure the vessel was
blown up by Spanish design. We all feared it for a week before it oc
curred, and none of the survivors are astonished that the plot was car
ried out just as we expected it would be. The investigation by divers
and the naval inquiry will demonstrate that I am right in saying the
disaster was no accident."
Regarding the volcanic upheaval of the explosion, the sailor says it
was awful, and that he never thought a naval monster like the Maine
could be lifted out of its element in such a manner. The wreck when
last seen by the departing survivors was a sunken, tangled mass of
iron, steel and armor. In his different statements the sailor adheres
to his opinion that the first explosion lifted the vessel high In the air,
and he is confident that whoever planned the job intended to destroy
both vessel and crew.
TURRET MERELY
TOPPLED OVER
Divers Make an Impor
tant Discovery on
the Maine.
It Was Impossible for the For
ward Magazine to Have
Exploded.
Startling Evidence That Tends to
Bear Out the Treachery-
Theory.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— A special ca
ble to a morning paper from Havana
says: I am informed that the result
of the divers' work to-day on the hull
of the Maine is considered by the naval
experts as going almost as far as cer
tainty in demonstrating that the Maine
was destroyed by an outside force and
not by the explosion of her own for
ward magazine.
Immediately over this magazine was
the immense turret. If the magazine
had exploded the experts believe that
the turret would have been blown to
pieces, or, at least, carried far away
from the ship.
What the divers discovered to-day is
that the immense turret has simply
been toppled over and is sttll part of
the Maine, although covered with de
bris.
Although the divers have not actu
ally explored this forward magazine,
it is now considered in view of the con
dition in which this turret was found
that there was really no explosion in
that Compartment.
The facts thus far presented to them
are held by the naval officers to demon
strate almost to a certainty exactly
how the ship was destroyed. The ex
plosion must have taken place under
the boilers between the forward and
after magazines.
The force applied in that place would
break the vessel in two parts and leave
the wreck in the general condition in
which it now appears In the water.
Also an explosion there under the
boilers and furnaces would have
thrown up the volcano of flre and ce
ment which was observed by those on
shore at the time. While the force of
this upheaval would be very great it
would not have smashed and broken
up the turret nor blown it away, but 6Ti
the contrary this immense mass of
THE MEXICANS KNOW AND
HATE THE SPANIARDS, j
• »
CITY OF MEXICO, Feb. 21.— The general feeling In Mexico !s
that McKinley has been careful in his desire not to wound Spanish
susceptibilities in the De L,ome incident. As regards the Mama dis
aster, the first idea was that it would lead to war, as everybody be
lieved a Spanish officer caused it. President Diaz sat up until half !
past 2 o'clock Friday morning to. read the dispatches sent to the Daily
Two Republics, and was Intensely Interested.
There is no truth in the statement that Spanish diplomats have !
endeavored to influence the Mexican Government to support Spain in
case of war with the United States, as they know this would be utter
ly useless. Mexico's sympathies are with the United States against !
Spain. The Mexican people are thoroughly Imbued with hatred to 1
Spain. This dates back to the conquest by Cortez. They prefer that
Cuba shall be a free republic, but w.ould rather see her annexed to the
United States than remain a Spanish colony, and are astonished at
the forbearance of the Americans.
steel would have fallen in— toppled
over practically as the divers found it
to-day.
It is for this reason that the naval
experts,, as I am informed, while they
have not reached a conclusion, have
been strongly impressed toward the
theory of the submarine mine by th ■»
peculiar position and all but uninjured
condition of the turret.
The officers who were attached to the
Maine have held this belief all along,
and it is now known to many Ameri
cans in Havana that Captain Sigsbee
and his officers have little doubt that
the mine was exploded under the bal
ers between the two magazines, and
that when a thorough investigation is
made it will be found that neither of
the latter helped to destroy our war
ship. w
MEET TO LABOR
FOR MANKIND
State Convention of Christian
Young Men at River
side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE. Feb. 21.— The biennial
State convention of the Young Men's
Christian Association will convene in
this city on Wednesday and will close
Sunday next.
To-morrow will be devoted to the an
nual field day sports and a fine pro
gramme has been arranged for the day.
Some of the best amateur athletes in
the State are entered and it is expected
that records will be broken. The best
athletes of the associations at Ran
Diego, Los Angeles. Pomona, Redlands.
Ontario and from the colleges at Po
mona and Ontario are listed among the
entries in the general events.
Delegates are beginning to arrive and
it is expected that 100 accredited repre
sentatives will take part in the deliber
ations of the convention during the
week. The delegates will be given the
freedom of the city and every consider
ation will be shown them. As these
conventions occur only once every two
years, there is every probability that
the coming session will be a busy one,
for the association has a large field of
work to go over and much legislation
of an important nature to consider.
The list of speakers includes Rev. Dr.
Locke and H. J. McCoy of San Fran
cisco, D. Edward Collins of Oakland,
F. L. Wills of Milwaukee, Rev. A. J.
Frost of San Bernardino, Rev. Hugh
K. Walker of Los Angeles, and other
prominent Christian workers. Rev. Mr.
Walker will deliver the opening address
on Wednesday evening on " Young
Manhood: Its Care and Culture." Be
sides those mentioned there will be ad
dresses by several other men promi
nent in the work of the association, and
during the convention many of the
leading ministers of this part of the
State will interest visitors at the even
ing meetings.YET ACTIVELY PREPARE FOR WAR.
VISITS OF
VIZCAYA'S
CAPTAIN
Eulate Received With All
Due Courtesy by Army
and Navy Men.
$ut at the Office of the Mayor of
Greater New York It Would
Appear That There Was
Frost in the Air.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Clad in the
resplendent uniform of the Spanish
navy. Captain Antonio Eulate of the
cruiser Vizcaya made his formal visits
to-day to official heads of the army,
navy and municipality. Captain Eulate
was accompanied by Senor Arturo
Baldasano, Spanish Consul-General,
and was received cordially and with fit
ting ceremony by Rear Admiral Bunce
in the navy yard and Major-General
Wesley Merritt on Governors Island.
The reception which Mayor Van
Wyck accorded to him was so cool that
Senor Baldasano quickly made an ex
cuse for withdrawal. Speaking of the
courtesies extended to him. Captain
Eulate said: "I was given a most cor
dial reception by the admiral and by
General Merritt. I also called on the
Mayor."
Captain Eulate started on his round
of visits at 9:30 o'clock in the morning.
He was taken from his ship to the
ferry at St. George by the navy yard
tug Narkeeta. He was in civilian's
dress, but a sailor carrying a tin box
containing his uniform was with him.
Detect ivf- Sergeant Davis of the Cen
tral Bureau, who has been assigned to
duty on the Vizcaya during her visit,
and two of the captain's aids, accom
panied him. They took the ferry boat
which landed at the foot of Whitehall
street, whence they walked to the office
of the Spanish Consul-General, where
Senor Baldasano embraced Captain
Eulate in genuine Spanish fashion, and
expressed his pleasure at seeing him.
The captain disappeared into an inner
office, and when he emerged a few min
utps lattr he was in full uniform and
wore white kid gloves.
Accompanied by Senor Baldasano. he
entered a cab which stood at the door.
and with Detective Davis on the seat
with the driver, and two other head-
j quarters men following, the party pro
• ceded to the Brooklyn navy yard. In
order to avoid crowds, the cab went by
way of Wall street ferry instead of the
bridge.
At the gate of the navy yard a lieu
tenant's guard of thirty-four marines
was drawn up awaiting the visitor.
They stood at attention as the cab
passed. Ensign Frederick R. Payne
stepped forward and directed the cab
to the commandant's quarters in the
Lyceum building. He held the door
open while Senor Baldasano and Cap
tain Eulate alighted. They were met
at the entrance to the building by
Commander /Lyon of the Dolphin, act
ing captain of the yard, and Lieuten
ant Ward, junior aid to Admiral
Bun^e.
Senor Baldasano presented Captain
Eulate and the visitors were escorted
by the American officers upstairs to the
reception-room and presented to Ad
miral Bunce. Senor Baldasano and
Lieutenant Ward acted as interpreters.
Captain Eulate expressed sympathy on
the part of himself and his officers for
the loss of the Maine. He informed the
admiral that he had ordered the flag of
the Vizcaya at half-mast and that all
Invitatfons of a social nature would be
declined and the officers and men of the
Vizcaya would mourn the loss as
though the Maine belonged to their
own navy.
The admiral thanked the captain for
the sentiments and expressed the hope
that his visit to this port would be
pleasant. He tendered the services of
the department to the Captain during
his stay and invited the captain and
his officers to be present at the usual
festivities in the yard in honor of
"Washington's birthday.
Captain Eulate replied that he would
hoist his ensign to full mast and dress
the ship in honor of the day and would
remain on board all day for the pur
pose of answering salutes. When the
Invitation to attend mass for the
Maine's dead in the Church of the
Sacred Heart at Clermont and Park
avenues. Brooklyn, was handed to
Captain Eulate he asked if the cere
mony was official.
Admiral Bunce explained that the
church and state are separate in this
country and therefore the mass could
not be oflicial. Captain Eulate then
said he would write a letter declining
the invitation, as he had decided to ac
cept no invitations except those pre
scribed by official etiquette.
After a visit of fifteen minutes Cap
tain Eulate and Senor Beldasano were
escorted to their cab. As they left the
yard the consular salute of nine guns
was fired at the Cob dock. Returning
to Manhattan, the Wall-street ferry
routf was followed. When the cab
reached pier 3. East River, Governors
Island, the boat had just left the pier,
and half an hour's wait in the rain wa»
avoided by driving to the Barge Office
landing, where the Custom-house cutter
Manhattan was placed at the disposal
"f the visitors.
Accompanied only by the Consul-
and three detectives. Captain
Eulate was taken on the Manhattan
to Governors Island, to return the call
he had received before leaving his ship
from Captain Gilman, Company B,
Thirteenth Infantry, who presented the
respects of General Merritt. It was
half-past 12 o'clock when the visitors
reached General Merritt's quarters.
They were received by the head of the
Department of the East and his staff
in full uniform. Greetings and good
wishes were exchanged, and there was
informal talk for half an hour. Then
Captain Eulate and Consul-General
Baldasano boarded the regular Govern
ment boat which plies between the city
and Governors Island. This was the
third Government vessel the visiting
captain had utilized during the day.
Arriving at pier 3 the cab was again
pressed into service, and the Spanish
captain and Consul were driven up
Broadway to the Mayor's office. Detec
tive Davis carried the cards of the
visitors into the Mayor, and a moment
later ushered in the visitors. Word
had been passed through the City Hall
corridors, and a hundred or more law
yers, politicians and newspaper men
were gathered in the Mayor's room and
about the entrance when Senor Bald
asano and his companion appeared.
In anticipation of the formality of
the presentation to the chief executive
of Greater New York. Captain Eulate
had removed his cape overcoat and ar
ranged it on his left arm, and carrying
his laced chapeau. he stepped into the
presence of Mayor Van Wyck, who
arose and stood at one side of Vns desk,
as Seno* Baldasano said: "I wish to
present Captain Antonio Eul.i:e, of the
Spanish warship Vizcaya, to you. as
you are the representative of the city
of New York."
Captain Eulate bowed with Castilian
grace and said in good English, "Com
pliments." Mayor Van Wyck bowed,
but said nothing. Senor Baldasano then
said, "The captain wishes to pay his
respects to you." If the Mayor made
any reply it was inaudible. The visi
tors waited a moment, evidently ex
pecting to be welcomed to the city, but
as the Mayor remained silent Senor
Baldasano relieved an embarrassing
situation by saying: "We will not de
tain you longer, as you are so busy
having to see all these gentlemen."
With that he shook hands with the
Mayor, the captain shook hands and both
bowi-ng low took their departure. They
were driven back to the Spanish con
sulate, ar.d Captain Eulate, having
made his official calls, changed his un
iform for civilian dress. ' Senor Bald
asano sent for the detectives and told
them their services were no longer
needed.
Senor Baldasano said the ship will
probably remain off Tompkinsville five
or six days, and will then proceed to
Havana. Captain Eulate dined with
Senor Baldasano at his home this even
ing, and then returned to his ship.
THE STAY OF THE
VIZCAYA SHORTENED.
Spain's Powerful Cruiser Will Prob-
ably Soon Leave New York
for Havana.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The social
courtesies which the Government in
tended to extend to the officers of the
Vizcaya have been abandoned on ac
count of the Maine catastrophe.
As a result, the stay of the Vizcaya
at New York probably will be material
ly shortened, and she is likely to sail
within the next three days, probably
on Thursday next. The ship no doubt
will proceed direct to Havana, not
stopping at Charleston or other ports,
as had been suggested during the ear
lier preparations.
The Vizcaya will not coal at New
York, according to the understanding
here, nor will it be necessary for her
to take coal before reaching Havana.
This determination gives relief to the
authorities here, as the taking of coal
in time of public excitement is attend
ed with more or less risk, the coal af
fording an opportunity to extremists
for the secretion of explosives, despite
the utmost precaution that may be
taken.
CAPTAIN BOYTON
TRACKED BY SPIES.
Yellow Correspondents Wrongly
Stated That He Would Blow
Up the Vizcaya.
NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— A Norwich
(Conn.) special to the Herald says:
Sensational Journalism is making no
end of trouble for Captain Paul Boy
ton, who is an inmate of the sanitar
ium at South Windham. He has been
quoted freely as willing to attempt to
place torpedoes under the Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya by the aid of his water
walking suit.
"This business," he said to me to
day, "has made me un object of sus
picion of the Spanish Government."
According to Captain Boyton, a
Spanish spy has been on his track for
several days. He noticed a stranger
following him last night. On Friday
a stranger attempted to enter the san
itarium, but was stopped by Superin
tendent Donahue. The man was very
anxious to see Captain Boyton, but
when he found out that the captain
was in the building he was apparently
satisfied and left hurriedly. Another
time Captain Boyton was interviewed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
SENOR POLO DE BERNABE, the New Spanish Minister.
by an alleged newspaper man. The
captain is sure the fellow was a detec
tive and not a newspaper man.
"They want to be sure I am still
here," he said. Captain Boyton once
placed a dummy torpedo under the
British vessel Garnet. Captain Boy
ton's representative said that while
Captain Boyton was a warm follower
of Cuba's freedom, he had not thought
of making any attempt against th"
Vizcaya, as newspapers had quoted
him.
FIVE DIVERS SENT
TO CAPTAIN SIGSBEE.
There Will Be Plenty of Men to
Carry on the Work of Exam-
ining the Maine.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— Admiral
Sicard telegraphed from Key West this
afternoon that he had sent five divers
to Captain Sigsbee, and asked if that
was sufficient. The acting chief of the
Navigation Bureau, Captain Dickens,
at once took the sensible course of di
recting the admiral to put himself in
communication with Captain Sigsbee
and learn his needs at first hand. The
business of the Navy Department is
getting back to its normal condition, as
is evidenced by the fact that an order
has been issued to discontinue the
special telegraph service which was es
tablished with Key West, and hereafter
the office at that place will close at 10
o'clock at night, as formerly.
Commander Forsythe. the command
ant at Key West, has also asked per
misssion of the department to stop his
daily bulletins, and this has been
granted, with an understanding that
he will report any deaths that may oc
cur among the sufferers In the hos
pitals there. To-day he reported that
they were all getting along nicely. The
exchange of official condolences still
continues.
To-day Secretary Long sent a tele
gram as follows to Captain Eulate:
"Commanding Officer of the Spanish
Cruiser Vizcaya, Tompkinsville, N. V. :
I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your telegram of condolence
for the loss of the Maine and thank you
for the expression of sympathy."
A similar response was made to a
cablegram from Vice-Admiral Spann
at Vienna, expressive of sympathy for
the terrible disaster to the Maine.
SPAIN IS BUILDING
UP HER NAVY NOW.
Orders Given for a New Cruiser to
Be Laid Down in the Dock
Yards at Cadiz.
MADRID, Feb. 21.— The Spanish Gov
ernment has ordered a cruiser of mod
erate size and power to be laid down
at once in the dock yards at Cadiz. The
dimensions of the vessel are as fol
lows: Length over all, 289 feet; ex
treme beam, 36 feet; displacement, 2000
tons.
She has unusual armor protection for
a ship of her size, carrying on her pro
tected deck eight-tenths of an inch at
the water line, and 3.2 inches except
over machinery and magazines, where
this will be increased to 4 inches.
The armament consists of four 5.6
inch rapid firebreech-loadingsteel rifles,
four 4-inch breech-loading rapid fire
steel rifles on the Hontoria principle, and
four 3.3-inch Nordenfeldt rapid fire
pieces. She is also furnished with two
torpedo tubes.
The designed speed fs twenty knots
an* hour and her radius action is 6000
knots.
• Admiral Bermejo admits that Spain
is seeking three new warships. He says
also proposals have been made, but
that none have been accepted.
Beading Militia Ready.
READING. Pa., Feb. 21.-Captain
Samuel Willits of the Reading Artil
lery says that their quartermaster has
received orders to secure the name and
residence of every enlisted man and
verify the same, so that in case they
are needed, the members will be ready
to rendezvous at any place within
twenty-four hours. To-day another
military cc/mpany of sixty men was
formed, and efforts are being made to
increase the number to 300 within the
next three days.
UNDOUBTEDLY
DESTROYED
BY DESIGN
Passengers From Havana Tell
of Circumstances Attending
the Blowing Up of the
Maine.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Ward!
line steamer Seguranca arrived at
quarantine to-day from Tampico and
Havana. The Seguranca arrived at
Havana at 10 o'clock on the morn
ing of me disaster to the Maine and
passed close by the wreck. The Se
guranca's passengers snid that great
excitement prevailed at Havana, and
at the time of sailing the foreign
population were generally of the
opinion that the Maine was de
stroyed by design. They cited,
among other things in support of
this theory, the fact that the
Spanish man-of-war Alfonso XIII,
which was anchored near the Maine,
changed her moorings just previous
to the disaster. One of the passen
gers, William L. Carbin, went so far
as to say he saw a boat go near the
Maine a short time previous to the
explosion. He said he would go to
Washington to make a statement
before the proper authorities.
C. P. Holcomb of Newcastle, Del.,
general manager of a street railway In
Philadelphia, one of the passengers on
board the Seguranca, was outspoken in
his belief that the investigation at Ha
vana would reveal some startling cir
cumstances.
"I went to Havana," said Mr. Hol
comb, "not at all in sympathy with the
insurgents, but on Wednesday, when
we got to Havana, I believe any of the
Americans on board was in a mood to
commit murder. The flags of the Span
ish warship were not half-masted. The
vessels of all other nationalities had
paid thia slight tribute to the dead.
"The contrast between the bearing of
the Spaniards and Cubans is strong.
At the funeral of the Maine's seamen
the Cuban women in the streets were
almost all dressed in mourning, while
the Spanish women wore colors. The
only American flags I saw in the whole
procession were two small ones, about
three by six inches. I went aboard the
Alfonso XIII and was received po
litely. The only expression of regret I
heard there was from an officer, who
complained that the force of the Maine
explosion had broken his toilette bot
tles. There can be no mistaking the
indifference of the Spaniards in Ha
vana over the loss of the warship and
those on board. On Thursday, while
driving to the cemetery with two Amer
ican friends I was assailed with jeers,
and some one threw a large stone at
our carriage."
F. W. Bobbette of this city, who was
with Mr. Holcomb in the carriage,
added:
"That's perfectly true. In fact,
one or two children yelled after us
i that they had blown up the 'Ameri
\ cano,' and that they were glad of it.
I did not hear a single expression of
[ regret for the terrible loss of life
i from any Spaniard during the time
1 I was in Havana."
Frank Weinhlmer of this city, an
eye-witness of the explosion and a fel
low passenger of Mr. Holcomb's, told
the following story:
"On Tuesday evening I strolled down
to the river front for a breath of fresh
air. I was about 300 yards from the
Maine. The first intimation I had of
an explosion was a crunching sound.
Then there came a terrible roar. Im
mense pieces of debris flew skyward
from the Maine. Some of them must
have been thrown at least 300 feet. It
looked as though the whole inside of
the ship had been blown out. Many
persons on the pier were nearly thrown
from their feet by the force of the ex
plosion. The air became stifling with
smoke."
Mr. Weinhimer said he heard an ex
cited Spaniard declare shortly after the
explosion that if the "Americanos"
Bent another warship it also would be
blown up.
M. J. Naghton, an insurance man of
Chicago, who was staying with his wife
at the Grand Hotel, said he was seated
in front of the hotel when the explo
sion occurred. It was followed, he
said, by another and a much louder
one.
"We thought the whole city had been
blown to pieces," said Mr. Naghton.
"Some said the insurgents were enter
ing Havana. Others cried out that
Morro Csstle was blown up."
Continuing his description of the
panic which existed in Havana short
ly after the explosion, Mr. Naghton
said:
"On the Prado is a large cab stand.
The minute after the explosion was
heard the cabman cracked their whips
and went rattling over the cobbles like
crazy men. The fire department turned
out and bodies of cavalry and infantry
rushed through the streets. There was
no sleep in Havana that night. The
Spanish officials were quick to express
their sympathy and acted very well
as a whole, but. l think their expres
sions of regret lacked the warmth
which would have been characteristic
of an American city had such a dis
aster occurred under similar circum
stances."
William L. Carbin. the passenger who
professed to have important informa
tion about the explosion, refuses to
make any further statements than he
made at quarantine.
SAYS A GREAT CRIS'*
IS NOW IMMINENT.
An Alarming Dispatch Sent From
New York and Published in
a Madrid Paper.
MADRID, Feb. 21. — An official agent
says: The Imparcial publishes a
dispatch, for which it must assume
full responsibility, as it does not ac
cord with the relations actually
known to exist between the , Spanish
and American Governments. It is dated
from New York and reads: "Great
military preparations are being made.
The forts are being reinforced. Three
hundred artillery men have been sent
to Sandy Hook and the Naval Reserves
have been expected to hold themselves
m readiness. The gun cotton and
smokeless powder factories are work
ing night and day, and it is generally
believed that a great crisis in the re
lations between the United States and
Spain is imminent."
IT COSTS
MONEY TO
WAGE WAR
Uncle Sam Has Got the
Credit for the
Game.
Some of the Ways in Which
Revenues Could Be Increased
If It Should Be Found
Necessary.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald |
sends the following: The successful j
prosecution of a modern war depends ;
as much on a well-filled money chest !
as on a well-filled powder magazine.
Should the United States be plunged j
into war the taxpayers of the country j
would have to pay the bills, which
would be even larger than they ought i
to be because the shortsight parsimony
of Congress has prevented the army
and the navy being put upon a footing
which would make such a war quick
and decisive.
That the resources of the country
would be equal to the strain, there can
be no doubt. At the close of business
in the Treasury to-day the net cash i
balance in the vaults amounted to $225,- !
143,969. Of this amount $100,000,000 con- ■
stitutes the gold reserve held for the ;
redemption of legal-tender notes, and
the balance, or a little over $125,000,000,
would be quickly absorbed by extraord
inary expenditures which would be re- j
quired. The present average receipts
ef the Government do not quite equal
the average ordinary expenditures, and
all extraordinary expenditures that
would be necessitated by war would
therefore have to be provided for in two j
ways — by increased taxation and by i
borrowing money. Increased taxes '
would doubtless be imposed by Con- j
gress without delay. The tariff law •
would have to b<? carefully revised to
see just where and how additional rev
enues could be derived from customs
taxation. In some instances increases
could be obtained by increasing duties,
while in others where' duties have al
ready been placed above the maximum
revenue producing point for the pur
pose of protection increased revenue
rates imposed.
Most of the increases would have to
come from internal taxes, however, and
these would have to be very largely in-
creased. At, present the principal
sources of internal revenue are whisky,
beer and tobacco. Th? tax on whisky
is at present about the maximum reve
nue producing point and it is doubtful
if the increase of this tax would in-
crease the receipts appreciably. Beer
does not pay as much as it ought to,
even for peace times, and should war
taxes become necessary there would be
little difficulty in raising $30,000,000
more a year by doubling or tripling the
tax on beer. The policy of Congress for
some years has been to decrease taxes
on tobacco and to 'exempt from taxa
tion some kinds of tobacco. These
taxes could be restored as a war meas
ure and $15,000,000 or $20,000,000 addi
tional could be raised from this source.
Other millions could be raised by
taxing proprietary medicines and
other preparations of this character,
including cosmetics and toilet, articles,
and stiil other millions could be
brought in by stamp tax on legal and
commercial papers. Still other taxes,
such as an income tax or other form of
direct taxation apportioned among the
States in proportion to population so
as to be constitutional, might be im
posed if necessity were urgent.
At best these additional taxes would
not yield enough money to meet the
current expenses of a. war and to sup- |
ply the ready money for the necessary
outlays for procuring, while the war
was in progress, the enormous sup
plies of materials of all kinds which
ought to have been provided gradually
during the years of peace so as to be
on hand for an emergency. They would I
be useful in raising money to pay a ]
war debt after peace had been re- i
stored, but the great bulk of the money
that would be required for the prose- I
cution of the war would have to be j
secured by borrowing.
The credit of the United States is j
good in spite of the efforts of the |
Bryanites to break it down, and even j
with a foreign war on its hand and a
conservative administration of the
Treasury Department, it would be
possible to borrow all the money needed
; ■;■;.-.' ADVERTISEMENTS. •
f^MX COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
lj\ir*&l I|~ V HEADQUARTERS FOR
V&StiW KLONDIKE
iT'^nL WOOLEN
$mM'P% .OUTFITS,
'•^ \/i (\/ V ' " ' Prices and estimates
* k s\^M\k\\^<? r \ Cheerfully furnished.
;^M^IW^ r S. IN, WOOD Sc CO.,
■ ■JS^L^>^ > 718-722 Market St.. S. F\
at reasonable rates of interest. Th«
interest would not be so low as it
would if Congress should pass a law
making the bonds of the country ex
pressly payable, principal and interest,
in gold. The contingency would be one
calling for the highest patriotism, and
it is possible that the President might
realize this and break off his political
coquetting with the international bi
metallists, and that a majority of the
Senate might follow his example
and aid the House in passing a law
which would put the credit of the coun
try out of the question.
Most of the Republicans in the Sen
ate, as well as the Republican majority
in the House, would vote for a gold
bond bill under such circumstances, and
there ought not to be any doubt that
Democrats who do not come from the
silver-mining States would be willing
to join with them. Men like Senators
Murphy of New York. Smith of New
Jersey, Gorman of Maryland, Kenny
of Delaware, Mclnerny of Louisiana
and others ought not to hesitate in
such an emergency between loyalty to
the flag and loyalty to the Chicago
plaform.
As for the little group of gold-stan
dard Democrats, Senators Caffery of
Louisiana, Gray of Delaware and Lind
say of Kentucky, they would be even
more ready than the Republicans to
support the treasury at any and all
times.
Even if Democrats in the Senate
should fail to rise to be patriotic enough
in the face of a foreign foe to turn
their backs upon the Chicago platform,
the Government would obtain the
money necessary to carry on the
war, but in the end it would
cost the taxpayers of the country
many hundreds of millions more for
additional interest.
THREE WAR VESSELS
WILL BE MADE READY.
Work Being Hurried on the Min
neapolis, Miantonomah and
Katahdin.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— A Philadel
phia special to the Herald says: Ac
tivity now prevails at the navy yard
and the whole atmosphere of League
Island is unmistakably one of business.
It is said that an extra force of men
will be put at work to-morrow to get
some of the war vessels at the yard in
readiness for service. Some of the men
are to be placed at work on the cruiser
Minneapolis, which has been in the
drydock for some time. It is thought
by the officers that the necessary re
pairs to the cruiser can be made with
in five days, when she will be in con
dition to leave the dock.
Work on the double-turreted moni
tor Miantonomah. which has been ly
ing at the wharf for two years, is also
being pushed rapidly by a large force
of workmen. It is believed that the ne
cessary repairs can be completed in a
short time and that she will soon
mount the navy puns designed for her.
The ram Katahdin. which has been
put out of commission, is also being
placed in shape and a new ventilating
apparatus will be put in. This is an
important equipment, as a great part
of the vessel is under water.
The cruiser Columbia, which Is in the
harbor, can be taken at a moment's
notice.
MUCH AMMUNITION
HAS BEEN RECEIVED.
War Supplies for the Fortifications
in the Vicinity of
Newport.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— A Newport
(R. I.) special to the Herald says: A
very large amount of ball and car
tridge ammunition has been received
at Fort Adams. The officers, though,
say this is not extraordinary. Other
than this there is no evidence of spe
cial preparation for defense at any
Government station near Newport.
Parts of mortar carriages which were
brought here for the mortar battery at
Fort Adams have been found unsatis
factory, and will be sent back to Wa
terfc-rd. Conn., to-morrow. Guns for
the battery at Dutch Island are ex
pected soon. Work on them has been
rushed for several weeks. Their mount
ings are already in position.
34
MONEY FOR THE ARMY AND NAVY.
STRENGTHEN
THE ARMY
AND NAVY
Senators F u "y Aroused to
the Need of the
Time.
When Foreign War ThreateQS It Is
Not Meet to Haggle Over the
Exper)diture of a pew
Dollars.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald
says: So strong is the opposition
of many members of both
houses of Congress who live
In the interior of the country
to adequate preparation foT pos
sible war that it is doubtful if
they will be taught a lesson by
the present emergency when the
diplomatic relations with Spain
are strained to the point of
breaking, or whether they will
vote appropriations which will
prepare the country for possible
future contingencies.
Representative Hilborn of California,
a member of the House Naval Commit
tee, said to me to-day: "Though we
have not enough ships what the navy
most needs for an emergency such as
exists at present is drydocks and am
munition. The ships we have cannot
fight without powder and projectiles,
and if they should be disabled they
cannot be repaired without drydocks.
These two factors of naval strength
should not have been neglected so long.
Former Congresses should have provid
ed fc-r them."
Another man with whom I talked
who fully appreciates the responsibili
ty of Congress for the present, condition
of the navy and coast defenses is Rep
resentative Cousins of lowa, one of the
most conservative members c.-f the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, who
said:
"I have favored adequate appropria
tions for the army and navy, and had
proper steps been taken years ago we
would be all right. The time when
steps ought to have been taken was
twelve years or so ago, when we had
in the treasury a cash balance cf $400,
000,000. Had this or half of it been ju
diciously spent for national defense
there would have been no difficulty in
meeting any emergency that might
arise."
That the responsibility of Congress
for national defense is fui.y appreciat
ed by leading Senators is shown by
these talks I had with a number of
them to-day.
Senator Foraker of Ohio— lt seems to
me that nothing but fifty tons of dyna
mite is able to move this country: I
believe we are criminally negligent in
not providing most liberally for
strengthening our coast defenses and
building more ships for our navy. I al
ways advocated liberal appropriations
for the army, navy and coast defense
before I came to Congress, and I have
continued to do so at every opportunity.
I do not know that my efforts in that
direction will do any good if the policy
of the administration is to cut down
appropriations -M along the line. I am
one of those who believe that the public
money cannot be better expended than
in the protection of our people from
foreign assault.
Senator Murphy of New York, mem
ber of the Committee on Appropria
tions—l am in favor of the most liberal
expenditures for the increase of our
navy and improving the efficiency of
our army and seacoast defenses. Our
committee without hesitation voted to
double the amount for fortifications,
and I would cheerfully double the
naval appropriation bill if necessary
and provide for the building of several
additional ships if the House wishes to
do so. I hope the war scare which is
now on will pass away, but I trust
nothing will prevent Congress making
ample provision for the protection of
our country against the threatened at
tack of a foreign power.
Senator Hanna of Ohio— l am in favor
of liberal appropriations for the army
and navy, for I believe in the old adage,
"In time of peace prepare for war." I
am not a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, but, as one of the
committee on naval affairs, I will will
ingly support any reasonable proposi
tion calculated to increase the efficiency
of our navy. We have not yet consid
ered the naval appropriation bill, but
from the present trend of things it does
not seem to be in the direction of con
struction of more battle-ships. The
Secretary of the Navy tells me that we
have several new ships on the stocks,
and he only recommends one additional
ship. However, I believe the country
will ratify any reasonable expenditure
we may choose to make in the interest
of self-preservation.
Senator Vest of Missouri — Under ex
isting conditions I am in favor of the
most liberal expenditure for fortifica
tions, seacoast defense, the army and
navy. I do not believe it is wise to put
so much money into great battle-ships.
My idea is that the money can be bet
ter expended fn the construction of
fast cruisers to be used in destroying
the enemy's commerce, and monitors
and torpedo-boats for the protection of
our harbors. With strong fortifications
and monitors and torpedo-boats great
battle-ships are, to my mind, unneces
sary. As commerce destroyers we could
employ cruisers to great advantage. ,
We have no commerce to lose, because
it is all carried in foreign ships. We
have but little part In the carrying
trade of the world, and for that reason
we are in greater need of cruisers than
battle-ships.
Senator Platt of New York— We can
spend our money to no better advan
tage than by protecting our seacoast
cities and building war ships. I will
vote for the most liberal appropriation
on that line, and I believe every loyal
and patriotic citizen will Justify our
action. We can well afford to econo
mize in other directions, but when we
are threatened with war by a foreign
power it is our duty to take every pre
caution to protect our people, even at
the cost of being charged with ex
travagance in the expediture of pub
lic money. I do not know what the in
tentions of the Naval, Military and
Appropriations committees are in this
respect, but I will give my vote and
whatever influence I possess for gen
erous appropriations.
PLANS FOR RAISING
THE WRECKED MAINE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.-Captain
Lemly, the Judge-Advocate-General of
the. Navy Department, with Captain
Bradford, chief of the Equipment Bu
reau, and Commodore Hichborne, chief
constructor, were in consultation for
some time with Secretary Long, re
porting to him the plans they had
formed for the wrecking of the Maine.
Captain Lemley suggested some further
changes in the details of contracts
which are now being drawn with the
wrecking companies and it is expected
that within a few hours after Congress
shall have enacted and the President
shall have signed the necessary bill
making an appropriation for the work,
the contracts will be eigned.
The incoming mail at the Navy De
partment brought a most interesting
contribution to the news of the day in
the shape of an excellent photograph of
the wrecked Maine, as it now lies in
Havana harbor. This was forwarded
to the Secretary of the Navy by Lieu
tenant Hood, lately attached to the
Maine. It is a view from the port side
and in features represents the last
newspaper cuts of the wreck. Secre
tary Long took it to the White House
and gave it to the President, who was
much interested in the details as shown
in the photograph.
The Navy Department has not yet
determined definitely which of our
warships sha!! reDlace the Maine in
Havana harbor, although it has deter
mined that, as a matter of policy, an
other ship must be sent there. The
choice may be the Montgomery, now
on her way from San Domingo to Key
West, or the Nashville, a gunboat, now
at Galveston participating in the Mardi
Gras festivities. If the latter termin
ates some time this week, as expected,
the Nashville will probably be selected
for the trip, as the Montgomery is just
returning from a cruise in the West
Indies, including two ports of Cuba,
and has been on patrol duty also.
MEN ON THE MAINE
PREDICTED DISASTER.
BOSTON, Feb. 21.— Mrs. Timothy
Toomey received the following letter
from her brother, Michael J. Downing,
of the Maine: "I would not object to a
little scrap, providing we Were outside
the harbor, as they say the harbor is a
network for torpedoes. Anyway, pre
pare for a fight if we do net leave here
for a month."
The following letter, written by John
H. Bloomer, a seaman on board the
Maine, was received by his mother be
fore the disaster: "There are torpe
does set at the bottom of the harbor,
and all that is necessary is to press an
electric button on the shore, and we
would fly sky-high, ship and all. We
can't go ashore here, as they would kill
us in a minute. If they get the chance
they might blow up the ship. As it is,
they are a bad lot, and we can't trust
them."
The following letter was sent by
Bloomer to his friend, U. H. Osborne of
Deering: "The Cubans sank the dry
dock by sending a diver out from the
shore, and he bored holes In the bot
tom of the dock and it filled with water
and sunk. The Spaniards might do the
same thing to us before we get out of
here. None of the crew of the Maine
is allowed to go ashore, for the offi
cers are afraid that some of us will get
killed."
WAR VESSELS IN
BRITISH SHIPYARDS.
LONDON, F^b. 21.— Six armored ves
sels, six protected cruisers, thirteen
torpedo-boat destroyers and five tor
pedo-boats are now building in Great
Britain for foreign Governments, of
which a number are purchasable, al
though Japan is supposed to have an
option on several of them. The war
ships which have been ordered for
South American Governments are con
sidered as being for sale to the highest
bidders.
Thompson Bros, state that Spain
has arranged to man the two remain
ing destroyers of the four completed
some time ago at the Clyde Bank
Yards, but not delivered, presumably
owing to the lack of payments.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
Queen Regent of Spain and h\er Son, the Boy King.
PATRIOTISM
AND MOURNING
Residents of Coast Cities
Honor the Dead of
the Maine.
Prayer Services and Speeches
Made by the Leading
Residents.
While the Memory of the Lost Sea
men Is Kept Green the War
Spirit Runs High.
Ppectal Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Feb. 21.— One of the
most unique services ever held in this
city was in progress all day to-day at
the house of Rev. D. L. Munro, pastor
of the Independent Church, at the cor
ner of Channel and Sierra Nevada
streets. Rev. Mr. Munro is the pastor
who retired from the First Presbyterian
Church a few years ago, and since
founded an independent congregation,
who worship with great seclusion. Rev.
Mr. Munro conducts a school in con
nection with his church, and to-day he
told the children that there would be
no session, but that the hours would
be devoted entirely to prayer for the
men lost on the battleship Maine and
the intervention of Providence in the
outlook for war. The small coterie of
converts gathered in the room, and
there they prayed on bended knee for
the greater part of the day, offering
supplication for the seamen who went
down in the waves of Havana Harbor.
CHICO, Feb. 21.— Mourning day was
generally observed in this city, and all
business houses were closed this after
noon. Memorial exercises were held in
Armory Hall, the largest building in the
city, but entirely too small for the
crc-wd. Hundreds were turned away.
The hall was beautifully decorated with
flags, evergreens and pot plants. Pa
triotic addresses were made by Mayor
Rodley, General John Bidwell, Jo D.
Sproul and Rev. Seneca Jones. "Amer
ica" and other patriotic airs were sung.
Never before has Chico seen such a pa
triotic demonstration.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 21.— A1l flags at
Santa Rosa were at half-mast to-day
out of respect to the memory of the
seamen who lost their lives in the
wreck of the battleship Maine at Ha
vana Harbor. The war spirit runs
high to-night. A number of leading
citizens and business men have signi
fied their intention to offer their serv
ices as soldiers should hostilities begin.
In a few hours a big company of vol
unteers could be raised from the best
men in town should war ensue.
WATSONVILLE, Feb. 21.— The Wat
sonville flags were flying at half-mast
all day here in memory of the burial of
the Maine's dead.
OWENS WILL BE HANGED.
Found Guilty of the Murder of His
Wife at Modesto.
MODESTO. Feb. 21.— The jury in the
Owens murder case this evening brought
In a verdict of murder in the first degree,
fixing the penalty at death. Owens killed
his wife, shot his daughter, Mrs. Tiede
mann, in the breast, and then put a
bullet through the top of his own head,
but failed to kill himself. The cause of
the trouble was the desertion of Owens
by his wife because of his cruelty.
MAY AID IN
THE WRECKING
Government Will Proba-
bly Charter the Tug
Right Arm.
The Vessel Equipped With All
Appliances Needed for
the Work.
Only Expert Divers Can Do Effective
Work in the Muddy Waters
of Havana Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— A Key West
special to the Herald says: Consider
able speculation is indulged in as to
the course of the negotiations now
pending to send a tug from this port
to Havana to assist the investigations
I now being made by the naval authori-
I ties to ascertain the cause of the dis
! aster. The tug Right Arm, Captain
| McGee, owned by the Merritt Chapman
Derrick and Wreckage Company, which
arrived yesterday from Norfolk to tow
the schooner Belle O'Neil to New-
York, is still here awaiting orders as to
■ her final destination.
Several correspondents of northern
papers, following the lead of the Her
j aid, which with its characteristic enter
! prise has, since the Maine disaster,
j sent two steam vessels to Havana for
I its exclusive telegraphic service, have
endeavored to negotiate a charter for
the Right Arm. The negotiations, how
' ever, went no further than to ascertain
the price for which she could be se
cured and submit the terms to their
\ papers. There is no danger whatever
that the Right Arm will be employed
as a dispatch boat. I learn on the best
, authority that the Right Arm will be
employed by the United States Govern
ment to assist in savi.ig the Maine, if
; such a thing is practicable, and, if not,
, in recovering her armament and what
| ever else aboard that can be reached.
Before the departure of the lighthouse
! supply steamer Mangrove for Havana
I yesterday evening with members con
i stituting the board of inquiry, those
i officers visited the Right Arm, and
I were pleased with the size of the tug,
[ and were much gratified at the com
i pleteness of her equipment for prose
cution of the work which will be re
quired to make the investigation. I
' am told the admiral was so favorably
i Impressed with the tug that he ex
pressed a determination to secure her
: services at any cost and dispatch her
\to Havana without delay. This deter
; mination was communicated to the
i authorities at Washington late last
! night, and a favorable answer ia
j awaited.
I saw Captain McGee to-day relative
to the matter and asked him when he
; expected to leave for Havana. He said
he was not at liberty yet to say any
thing on the subject, except that the
naval authorities had requested the use
i of his tug and negotiations were pend
ing. He had come here under charter
to tow the schooner Belle O'Neil, but
I if the Government desired his vessel
i to go on the more important mission of
, assisting the Maine at Havana, the
i schooner's charter could be annulled
: and another tug sent here to tow the
O'Neil to her destination. He said the
Right Arm was thoroughly equipped
with every available appliance for the
purposes of wrecking, had ample power
to easily handle the Maine's heaviest
guns and experienced divers to make
I a critical examination of the ship's bot
tom. An ordinary diver, no matter
how willing, could not render decided
services for various reasons. The
waters of Havana harbor are not clear,
on the contrary are foul and muddy,
making it questionable in his opinion
if anything could be discerned under
the surface even by the aid of electric
lights.
Again the Maine is known to be set
tled deep in the mud, making it im
possible for a diver to go under her
bottom except with the assistance of
the most modern appliances. These are
found aboard the Right Arm, and a
diver could dig an eight-foot hole
clean under the vessel.
SENATE INVESTIGATION
OF THE DISASTER
Passage of a Resolution Directing
the Naval Affairs Committee
to Make an Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The gal
leries were filled to-day when the Sen
ate convened, the crowd of spectators
doubtless being attracted by the prob
ability of further debate upon Cuban
affairs or matters connected with the
catastrophe to the battle-ship Maine.
Allen of Nebraska introduced the fol
lowing resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee on
Naval Affairs be and is hereby directed
to make a thorough inquiry into the
destruction of the battle-ship Maine in
Havana harbor on the 15th inst. and
to report to the Senate."
The resolution was passed ■without a
word of debate.
The joint resolution providing for the
taking of the bodies of officers and men
from the wrecked battle-ship and for
the recovery of valuable property on
the ship, which was passed by the
House of Representatives last week,
was presented to the Senate and
passed, and it now only needs the Pres
ident's approval. It carries an appro
priation of $200,000.
EIGHT HUNDRED
WANTED TO ENLIST.
Great Bush of Applicants for Serv
ice in the Navy of the
United States.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— There was
more bustle and real activity in t he
Brooklyn navy yard to-day than on
any day since news reached it of the
destruction of the battleship Maine.
Officers in full uniform paraded about,
there was an extra force of yard po
licemen on duty and blue Jackets and
marines were seen everywhere.
Enc-ugh men and boys put in applica
tions to become blue jackets to equip
several such vessels as the unfortunate
Maine.
Fully 800 applicants presented them
selves to Lieutenant Purcell, recruiting
officer on the Cob dock. When he had
inspected them they were questioned
by Chief Yeoman John Cross, who in
turn passed them to Surgeon John M.
Edgar and Assistant Surgeon James
Dunbar. As the Government needed
only ninety-one sailors immediately,
the majority of the applicants were
turned away. Their names and ad
dresses were taken, however, as is the
rule, and they stand first on the list
for future calls. All the needed men
were soon obtained. They are twenty
landsmen, twenty coal passers, forty
apprentices of the third class, six ma
chinists of the second class and five
shipwrights.
WARSHIPS
ARE MOVING
NORTHWARD
South Atlantic Squadron
on trje Way to the
Caribbean Sea.
Both the Navy and War Deparl
ments Actively Preparing
Defensive and Offensive
Measures.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21. — A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: In accordance with the
administration's policy of being
prepared for emergencies, the
vessels comprising the South
Atlantic squadron are now on
their way to the Carribean Sea,
and orders were issued to-day
directing the completion of re
pairs to the monitor Terror
within forty-eight hours.
The Navy Department has kept se
cret the orders sent some days ago to
the cruiser Cincinnati, the flagship of
the South Atlantic station, and the
gunboat Castine, to come north and
join the vessels of the North Atlantic
station. I learned to-day that the gun
boat Castine left Para, -Brazil, several
days ago for the Barbadoes, and that
she will be joined later at that point by
the Cincinnati. It is officially stated at
the department that the reason why
vesssels have left Para, Brazil and
come to waters within the North At
lantic station is that yellow fever is
raging in Brazilian ports and in order
to prevent any of the men catching
the disease it was determined to have
them come farther north.
On the other hand, I understand that
the vessels were ordered to leave Mon
tevideo some weeks ago and proceed
to Bahai, Brazil, and upon their ar
rival at that point they were directed
to continue their voyage to Para. In
structions were sent to ships upon their
arrival at Para directing them to pro
ceed to the Barbadoes, and it is ex
pected that the ships will arrive at
that point within a few days. The dis
tance from Para to the Barbadoes is
1150 miles-a five days' voyage for the
Cincinnati and Castine. With^ these
two ships at the Barbadoes the Lnited
States will be represented in the waters
south of Cuba by the armored cruiser
Brooklyn, protected cruiser Cincinnati,
and gunboats Wilmington, Castine
Annapolis and Vicksburg. The gunboat
Newport is at Greytown, Nicaragua,
with the Nicaragua Canal Commission.
Orders issued in regard to the com
pletion of repairs to the Terror con
template getting that ship ready for
service in two days. Naval Constructor
Stahl has been informed that the de
partment authorized him to employ
men night and day on the monitor.
Captain O'Neil, Chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance, directed the ordnance of
ficers at Norfolk navy yard to place
ammunition on board the Terror, 'and
when completed she will drop down to
Hampton Roads, where she will await
sailing orders. The department has not
definitely determined where to send
the ship. The probabilities are that
she will proceed to New York harbor
and remain there for the protection of
that port in case of emergency.
The department has taken measures
to protect several ports along the
northern coast by monitors. For in
stance, the monitor Amphitrite is at
Port Royal, and could in case of neces
sity proceed to Charleston in a very
few hours. The monitor Puritan, the
repairs to which are also being pushed,
will be kept at Hampton Roads for
service in protection of Norfolk, Rich
mond and Washington. The monitor
Miantonomah could be quickly placed
in commission at League Island for
the defense of Philadelphia, and the
Terror will probably be stationed at
New Tork.
What course the authorities will pur
sue for the protection of Boston, Port
land and Augusta in case of emergency
has not yet developed, but the depart
ment arrangements are very complete
and those cities will be taken care of
when it is evident there is danger of
trouble. Acting Secretary of War
Meiklejohn said to me to-day:
"The War Department is not pro
ceeding on the assumption that there
is shortly to be an outbreak of hos
tilities between the United States and
Spain or any other country than there
has been for many months past. The
department at no time failed to appre
ciate the necessity of increasing the
military resources of the country to as
great an extent as the available ap
propriations permit. Perhaps It is bet
ter to say that the department au
thorities are not allowing any oppor
tunity of putting themselves in as good
condition as possible for emergency to
be neglected.
The quartermaster general will im
mediately contract for 45,000 army
blouses and an expenditure of about
$200,000 in various clothing and other
quartermaster material to be made.
The available supply of quartermaster
stores now on hand which have not
been issued to the service is consider
able. lam told by a high official of the
quartermaster department that more
than 25,000 tents are stored at the vari
ous depots ready for issue if needed.
These tents are of different styles and
capable of sheltering between 75,000 and
80.000 men. In addition to this, over
5,000.000 yards of canvas duck is on
hand that might be made into tents in
a short time. There Is likely to be
requisitions of considerable size on tha
department for accommodation of tha
artillery which is being detailed to the
ungarrisoned sea forts. At most of
these points where there are any bar
racks at all they are dilapidated, and
it will be impossible to erect suitable
buildings for occupancy before next
winter. The absence of such buildings,
however, in case of actual hostilities i 3
not a great loss, as in the event of ac
tive operations the conspicuous build
ings at the artillery posts would be de
molished by order of the department
that they might not present a large
target to the enemy's fire. There is on
hand at the quartermaster depart
ment at this time a sufficient supply
of uniforms which will clothe about 50.-
000 men. The sustenance department is
in excellent condition to furnish, am
ple articles of food at short notice for
the sustenance for as many troops as
the quartermaster department is able
to clothe 7 and its facilities for obtaining
large supplies are complete, and the
quartermaster department is fully pre
pared by arrangements made some
time ago to meet an emergency of
transportation of troops and supplies.
ARIZONA COWBOYS
ANXIOUS TO SERVE.
Will Tender a Regiment of Fiying
Cavalry in the Event of
Hostilities.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Feb. 21.— As the
result of the sinking of the Maine in
Havana and the feeling prevailing that
volunteers will be called for, initial
steps are being taken in this city to
form the First Regiment of the Ari
zona Flying Cavalry and turn th-k
same over to the service of President/
McKinley in case of war with Spain.
The regiment will be 1000 strong,
equipped with Winchester rifles, forty
five Colt pistols and the horses to be
native-bred. The personnel of the force
will be made up principally of cowboys,
all of whom in addition to speaking the
Spanish language are expert marks
men and skilled horsemen. Colonel A.
O. Brodie, a graduate of West Point,
class of '68, is to chosen the comman
der- of the regiment and in a few days
he will be en route to Washington to
officially ask permission to organize the
body.
He Slept
I Four Hours a \\ Physicians tell us
I Day and Lived. 1 . } • .
I „' „ , n. I that eight hours is
m\ How Much Do I s
\v You Sleep JJ a ProP r0 P er amount
of sleep for an or-
/^^■■^^ dinary man, but
there are innumerable people who
suffer from insomnia. That horrible dis-
ease is usually the result of overstrain
in some way — mental, it may be, or per-
haps it is due to excess of some sort.
But here is the case of a man who
actually lived on only four hours' sleep
a day. It is true that he was becoming
emaciated, and that he was nervously
incompetent to do much that Wealthy ,
people do, but it is a fact that he had *
but four hours' j^ sleep a day for years.
That, too, he says, was troubled, and the
joy <; of sweet, peaceful rest he : knew
nothing of. The usual resort to sopor-
ifics was had, but with :no avail. - The
attention of the Chief Consulting Physi-
cian of the Hudson Medical Institute was
called to the case, and he at once diag-
nosed it as severe nervous debility. From
all that can be learned this sleepless
man was ,at • once placed under the
"Hudyan" remedio-treatment, and now
he explains that he sleeps seven hours
and a half regularly : and refreshingly.
He was ♦ottering from a depleted nervous
system when he had the good fortune to
go 'to this eminent • omn , ,
doctor, but he : looks j^^ """^^
quite a manly man M If You Do "^
to-day. His nerves I Not 6et toe \B
are all right, too. > I Slee P You Want I
s ■;; V Seek for the JJ
Trouble Jl
;■'' The Hudson Medical Institute, where
this -man was -treated, Is at the Junction
of 5 Stockton, Market and Ellis streets. ■',
j where all curable f diseases are , cured ;
promptly." "}, Blood taint in either the , prim-
ary, secondary, or tertiary stages is erad-
i icated •by t 1 the '"30-day ' blood cure." ; Cir-
culars and testimonials; showing what it
has* done, as well as most convincing tes-
timony of the power of "Hudyan," sent
free fto , all , inquirers. > Doctors' : advice la
also free to you.TRAITOROUS SPANISH DIPLOMATS
DID SOBRAL
ACT AS SPY
FOR SPAIN?
Too Much Information Has
Been Obtained by the
Naval Attache.
With the Disgraced Ex-Minister de
Lome the Officer Has Acted
in a Most Suspicious
iVlanner.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21— Lieutenant-Commander Pobral stated to-day
that he is still the naval attache of the Spanish Legation in Washing
ton.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: With
the submission of all the facts in the
case to the Spanish Government
through Minister Woodford, the Sohral
incident will be closed as far as this
government is concerned.
The State Department officials ac
cept in good faith the statements of
Senor Dubosc that the recall of Lieu
tenant-Commander Sobral as navrxl at
tache at the legation in Washington
vas gazetted at Madrid on January 21,
and on account of the pressure of work
at the legation the communication to
the State Department of the fact of
Sobral's recall was neglected. Thus,
if these are the facts. Lieutenant-Com
mander Sobral's statements, as pub
lished in the Herald, were those oniy
of a Spanish naval officer on waiting
orders.
Senor Dubosc, Charge d'Affaires of
the Spanish legation, called upon As
sistant Secretary Day this morning in
response to a note pent to him by the
Secretary of State on Saturday even
ing, after Secretary Long had com
municated to the State Department the
facts regarding the Herald interview.
At the department he left a written
statement to the effect that Lieutenant-
Commander Sobral had been gazetted
at Madrid as recalled on January 24,
and that Lieutenant Ramon Carraza y
Reguera had been designated as his
successor. Senor Dubosc then ex
plained that the former Minister, Senor
de Lome, had overlooked the matter
nv.ying this intelligence to the
Department.
Shortly after his departure the As
sistant Secretary paid a visit to the
"White House. In the conference with
the President he informed the latter
of Senor Dubosc's call at the depart
ment and his apology for not com
municating before the intelligence of
Lieutenant-Commander Sobral's recall.
Minister Woodford will be informed of
all the details of Sobral's interview in
the Herald and of Senor Dubosc's ex
planation regarding the date of his
recall made at the State Department
to-day by mail. Minister Woodford
will then communicate this to the
Madrid authorities, and when he has
done this the interest of the United
States in the whole matter will be
ended.
It will remain for Spain to censure
or ignore Lieutenant-Commander So
bral's indisretion and the negligence of
the members of the legation as she sees
fit.
Notwithstanding the explanation of
Dubosc that Lieutenant-Com
mand, r SobraJ has not been the naval
attache of the Spanish legation since
January 24, the telegram of condolence
at the Maine disaster signed "Sobral.
naval attache," received several days
ago. is on file at the Navy Department.
It is stated upon the most reliable
authority that Lieutenant-Commander
Sobral in the last two years has visited
every important fortification on the
Atlantic Coast, and has gleaned from
his observations detailed information
of the greatest value. He has in
spected many ships of our navy, both
in commission and while under con
struction, and he and Senor de Lome,
in the last administration, obtained
p< issession of such unpublished charts
and plans in the possession of the
Navy Department as they desired.
While it has not been known that
Lieutenant-Commander Sobral has ob
tained information by illegitimate
methods, the suspicions of irregular
acts on his part in the vicinity of the
fortification in Charleston harbor last
summer and of his making sketches
and investigations in New York harbor
in a pleasure boat some months ago
are being revived and are believed to
be warranted by many who were ac
quainted with his movements. It is
understood that the plans and draw
ings of the submarine torpedo system
in Xew York harbor never came
into Lieutenant-Commander Sobral's
hands. They are in the personal charge
of Brigadier-General John M. Wilson,
chief of engineers of the army, and
they are not known to have ever gone
out of his possession and that of his
immediate assistant, and have never
been shown to any but authorized of
ficials of the War Department.
CLOSE CONTEST FOR
A POSTMASTERSHIP.
Citizens of Dixon Decide An Excit-
ing Race by a Public
Election.
WOODLAND, Feb. 21.— The postof flees
in the Second District have been giving
Congressman Hilborn a great deal of
worry. Indeed he regards tht'm as the
greatest stumbling block in the way of
his renomination. At Dixon the party
was so evenly divided that he declined to
make a choice between the contestants,
E. J. Mcßride and Claus Frahm. He ad
vised an election, otherwise he would al
low the incumbent to hold over.
McLfride and Frahm accepted the con
ditions and the election 'was held last
Saturday. Every legal voter In the town
ship was allowed to vote. Three hundred
and seventy-six votes were polled and
! Mcßride won by a majority of 56 votes.
DIXON TRIBUNE
CHANGES HANDS.
The Only Democratic Newspaper in
Northern Solano Becomes the
Property of a Republican.
WOODLAND, Feb. 21.— A deal was con
summated to-day by which there will be
a change in the ownership and the politics
of the Dixon Tribune, the only Demo
cratic newspaper in Northern Solano.
A. L. Henry, for many years editor and
half-owner, sold his interest to F. A. Hut
ton, who is now sole proprietor. Hence
forth the Tribune will be Republican in
politics. Mr. Henry is one of the best
known and ablest of the younger class of
journalists in the State. He is at prfsent
secretary of the Bureau of Highway
CominiHsiom-rs. As soon as his term of
office expires he will return to active
journalism.
For a Food Inspector.
SA<"RAMRN'TO, Feb. 21.— The City
Board of Trustees to-night passed an
ordinance providing for the appoint
ment by the city Board of Health of a
milk and food inspector, to hold office for
two years.
LOADING SHELLS AT BLACK POINT.
iII : SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
JAMES R. KEENE
A BIG BEAR
Credited With Lifting Mil
lions Out of Wall
Street.
The Old San Francisco Oper
ator Is Not in Good
Humor.
It Is Apparent That He Haa Inside
Sources of Information on
Cuba.
Bpeclftl Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— James R.
Keene is said to be on top in Wall street
again. He and D. O. Mills are credit
ed with being the chief factors In a
bear movement in the market to-day,
which made immense profits and losses
for speculators. Reports in Wall street
say he made a fortune this morning.
He has been a pronounced bear for
some days, and upon the slight re
covery this morning put out addition
al short lines. On the scales on which
he generally conducts operations he
stands to win close on to $1,000,000
when he has cashed in his profits.
Lines of a hundred thousand shares
is an ordinary business for Mr. Keane.
He is apparently in a position to have
advance information of all the facts
in connection with the Cuban matter.
He has been assisted in his bear cam
paign by the scare which is prevailing
through the banks.
Mr Keene was seen this afternoon
at the office of Talbot J. Taylor, his
son-in-law. "Mr. Keene, it is report
ed on the street that you have made
to-day a cool million. It would be very
interesting to know how you made it,"
said the reporter.
"Oh, no\ it isn't true," said Mr.
Keene, In an irritated tone. "You must
not listen to all the stories you hear on
the street. If I could tell you anything
I would be glad to do so, but there is
nothing to tell."
He walked into his private office, and
declined to be further interviewed.
Notwithstanding the assertion of Mr.
Keene that he did not make a million,
the street was confident that when he
realizes his profits it will not be far
from that figure.
The fact that it was reported that D.
O. Mills was alsu a heavy bear manipu
lator gave rise to a report that the two
men had been working in conjunction.
This was a mistake. They operated in
dependently. The heaviest attacks of
Mr Keene were upon sugar, though,
during the day, he took a fiver at al
most everything that promised a profit.
Under the combined pounding ot Keene
and others, sugar fell from 128 to 125%.
; Burlington fell from 97% to 97%, Man
! hattan from 112% to 109, St. Paul, 94%
! to 93V4. and Union Pacific, 31% to 30.
i Standard Oil liquidating certificates,
i which have for a long time been the
j feature of the outside market, broke 23
! points to-day. Saturday's closing price
was 413. The opening price to-day was
399, from which it receded by steady
degrees to 390. The entire market on
the "curb" was weak, in sympathy with
the general market.
BIBLE AND "OLD GLORY"
NMLED TO A BRIDGE.
A Peculiar Find Near Salinas, to
Which Is Attached Deep
Mystery.
SALINAS, Feb. 21.— A Bible nailed to a
bridge is a rather peculiar thing to find,
but when an American flag is draped
arouml it the idea is still more romantic.
A vivid imagination could surmise all
kinds of reasons why the book was first
•. ■• ■•■<Y t thr> stnrs and stripes and
then nailed to the bridge. Tom Watson, a
... . ... im ile Terra country,
while crossing the Salinas bridge on the
Monterey road yesterday found a large
family Bible opened at the book of Job
and all four corners nailed down to a
large upright beam of the first span. An
American Hag was draped around the Bi
ble and the effect produced a weird fancy
in Mr. Watson's mind. After a thorough
examination he decided to notify the au
thorities in this city.
Deputy Sheriff Nesbit upon receiving
the information proceeded out to the
scene this morning. While there he made
a thorough search in the river bottom
lands, thinking perhaps some one had
committed suicide. His quest was unsuc
cessful. It is thought that some peculiar
ly tragical facts will be disclosed when
the thorough investigation is made.
GENERAL MILES'
WARLIKE PLANS
CARRIED OUT
San Francisco Now Has
the Best Fortified
Harbor.
While the Defenses of the Country
Are Being Strengthened There
Is a Prospect of an Official
Clash.
While army officers stationed In this j
department uo not entertain the feeling
that war between the United States
and Spain Is Impending or inevitable,
they contend that It is prudent for
our Government to get ready for war.
They do not admit that the present ac
tivity can be accounted for by reason
of the disaster to the battle-ship Maine
In the harbor of Havana, but assert
that orders to hasten the work of
mounting guns and strengthening the
fortifications were issued before the la
mentable catastrophe occurred.
Major-General Nelson A. Miles, com
manding the United States army, seems
to have views of his own, which may
not be in strict harmony with the no
tions of Secretary Alger and his as
sistants of the War Department. Miles
doubled the force of sentinels on the
works defending the coast. He ordered
troops to take station wherever high
power modern guns were in position.
He ordered forward supplies of ammu
nition to be placed in readiness for im
mediate use. He ordered proper vigi
lance to protect the ordnance and mu
nitions of war from destruction by acts
of treachery. When The Call an
nounced that such orders had been
-iven to the army the Assistant Secre
tary of War in Washington denied that
such measures of vigilance and prepar
ation had been authorized by the Secre
tary of War. It is the impression now
that General Miles means to command
the army in case of war. It has come
to be the recognized policy that the
Secretary of War commands in time of
peace When General Sherman was at
the head of the army he found that he
had less inlluer.ee in the direction of
army affairs than a clerk in the War
Department, so he left Washington in
disgust and established his headquar
ters in St. Louis General Sheridan
had a similar experience. There may
be a design now to ignore Miles, but
his orders to the department command
ers are being executed.
Eighty tons of empty shells for the
fifteen-inch guns at Lime Point were
placed aboard lighters at Fort Ma
son yesterday and conveyed to the
Fort Baker wharf on the Marin shore.
The quartermaster's department sup
plied the lighters and tugs. The trans
fer of powder for the shells will soon
be made.
Colonel James M. Moore, chief quar
termaster of the department, sent a
train of four mule teams yesterday
from the Presidio to Fort Baker. The
mules and wagons went by ferry to
Sausallto. The train will haul the
ordnance stores from the Fort Baker
wharf to the post over one of the steep
est grades in the country-
Fort Baker (Lime Point) is garri
soned by Battery L, Third Artillery,
Captain Frank W. Hess commanding,
and Lieutenant Edwin O. Sarratt.
General Shafter has issued orders re
lieving First Lieutenant William E.
Birhimer, Battery C, Third Artillery,
and Captain Euclid B. Frick, assistant
surgeon, from duty at the Presidio, and
directing them to report to the com
manding officer at Fort Baker for
duty.
The high power modern guns —
twelve-inch rifles— at Fort Baker are
supplied with ammunition from Be
nicia Arsenal. The present supply for
the modern breech-loading rifles is
limited, but will soon be augmented.
Troops of the Third Artillery are on
duty at the extensive works on the
bluffs near Fort Point. Sentinels are
posted to warn away intrusive specta
tors. The guns and carriages have
been closely inspected. The maga
zines contain a fair supply of ammuni
tion.
Two more of the ten-inch breech
loading rifles arrived from the East yes
terday. The big guns are in the
freight yard of the Southern Pacific
and will soon be placed on disappear
ing carriages near Fort Point. The
emplacements are ready and but little
time should be required to place the
guns in position for use.
Apart from the fire of effective mod
ern batteries of Fort Baker and Fort
Point the fire of sixteen heavy mortars
and three powerful dynamite guns
could be concentrated on an approach
ing fleet. The work of fortifying San
Francisco is well advanced. The har
bor, if not impregnable, is better pro
tected by heavy guns and natural ad
vantages of defense than any other
harbor of the United States.
Officers and enlisted men of the army
are gratified to hear that Congress is
now ready to authorize two more
regiments of artillery. The additional
artillerymen are needed to man th«
new guns recently placed in position.
In emergency the infantry coy.id be
called on to perform service at the
batteries and the National Guard
might be utilized as a reserve force,
but neither class could take the place
of trained artillerymen. The first de
mand now is for ammunition, and the
second is for soldiers_to man the guns.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Bill for a Lighthouse at Point Ar
guello Reported.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— Senator Per
kins to-day presented to the Senate a
petition of merchants and citizens of San
Francisco and other parts of the United
States in favor of a bill retiring certain
employes of the life saving and light
house service of the United States. Rep
resentative Hilborn to-day introduced a
bill to pension W. C. Gillian. The House
Committee on Interstate Commerce has
reported favorably Representative Bar
low's bill appropriating $30,000 for a light
house and fog signal at Point Arguello,
Santa Barbara County, Cal.
CLAIMS A SAN
RAFAEL ESTATE
Putative Widow of George E.
Dixon Demands Legal
Recognition.
Declares She Was Married by Con
tract to the Man Who Com
mitted Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 21.— A woman call
nig herself Mary E. Rise Dlckson ap
peared here to-day, claiming to be the
widow of the late George E. Dickson,
who committed suicide at the Grand Cen
tral Hotel on January 11, 1597. The woman
filed her application for the distribution
of the estate to her In the Superior Court
this morning, and it has created a sen
sation in San Rafael. She claims that
she and Dickson were married by con
tract in January, 1897, just before Dlck
son committee! suicide.
George E. Dtckson came to Marin Coun
ty in the early sixties and took up the
dairying industry on White's Hill, after
ward moving to Fairfax and engaging in
farming. There he accumulated about
$40,000. He came to San Rafael and lived
at the Central Hotel, and was known by
everybody in town. Frequently he said
that he would never get married, as he
was afraid a woman would not marry
him for himself but for his money.
Mary Rise was formerly engaged as a
domestic at the Parisian House, at this
place, and It was there she met Dickson.
She claims they grew fond of each other,
and when he lived at the Central Hotel
they became engaged, and finally married
by contract.
Dickson's suicide was tragic. He cut
his throat and his wrists and allowed
himself to slowly bleed to death in his
mom at the Central Hotel. Just before
his death he made some peculiar trans
actions as regards money matters, and in
a case before Judge Angellottl it was
held that he was insane at the time he
made them.
PRESIDENT CRESPO
RETIRES FROM OFFICE.
And Now General Alvarez Will Take
Charge Until Andrado
is Installed.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Feb. 21.— 1n
the Federal Palace yesterday afternoon
President Crespo, having finished his
constitutional Presidential term, re
mitted his power to General Guzman
Alvarez, President of the Government
Council, who will act as President until
General Ignacio Andrado, the new
President, Is installed by Congress.
Congress convened yesterday and will
formally elect General Andrado in a
few days. Venezuela is quiet. General
Crespo will soon leave for Maracay, the
new capital of the State of Miranda, to
assume the Presidency of that State,
having been recently elected.
French Have Not Invaded.
PARTS, Feb. 21.— A semi-official note is
sued this afternoon says it is quite un
true that French forces have entered the
Sokoto region, and that the story Is
merely a revival of an exploded rumor.
United States Marine Hospital at Key West, Built in 1845.
THE : EMPORIUM. "| THE EMPORIUM. . •
********* ************ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*>
CLOSED TO-BAY.
THE SALE OF THE FLANNEL-
ETTES AND DRESS GOODS
WILL CONTINUE TO-
MORROW.
The largest February shopping crowds ever seen
in this city invaded the big store yesterday in response
to our announcements 'in the Sunday papers. There
are enough of the Flannelettes left, however, for
Wednesday, and the Dress Goods at 19c for. two
days more. , \ • • '-■
50c DRESS GOODS FOR 1 9c. ||
We continue the sale begun Monday, and until the lot is
sold, of 3500 yards of 40-inch Strictly All-wool Fancy. Dress
Goods; worth up to 50c a yard or more.
Scotch Cheviot . Effects, Crepon Check
Effects, Heather Mixtures, Diagonals, Pin m£+F&!\Jb.
Checks, English Tweed Effects, etc., 46 styles ffl Jgyp^p
and colorings to choose from, suitable for **a Jl
street, house and : school dresses, waists or
skirts, at the unparalleled low price 0f. ...... ' jr
AMOSKEAG TENNIS FLANNEL sc.
The sale begun Monday positively ends to-morrow night at
special counters in the rotunda.— Heavy Amos-
keag Cotton Tennis Flannel, the grade usually rsgj Ap
sold atBJc per yard. .There.are 95 different styles K^v^P
and colorings, and the special sale price will be. . $&£/ v gg
At this price none will be sold to the trade or n&
manufacturers in quantities. *Jr ®
GROCERY SPECIALS.
Wednesday and Thursday Only.
Maine Sugar Corn — 2-lb tins — regularly 13c tin— for the two q
days. • • ■ • • ' C
, Fancy Glace Lemon and Orange Peel— regularly 17c It — for the *yp-
two days 2 lbs for ZDC
Sand Soap—regularly 4c each— for the two days 35 for... * < s\r\
See card in window for specials for other days. Use Direct Grocery Telephone
— South 59. :
Last week of "The Blacksmith."
Send for the Klondike Bonk, in colors, fully illustrated, to Advertising
Bureau — The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
BUSINESS MEN
AT A BANQUET
Pasadena's Board of Trade
Partakes of Its An
nual Feast.
Work of the Organization During the
Year Reviewed by the
President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Feb. 21.— The annual ban
quet of the Board of Trade was held this
evening in the Carleton Hotel. At 7 o'clock
the guests assembled in the parlor and at
7-30 marched to the dining room down
stairs, headed by President H. R. Hertel
and Directors Edwin Steams, Colin Stew
art, Warren J. Richardson, H. M. Dob
bins, Professor Walter A. Edwards. James
H. Adams and Secretary Frank P. Boyn
ton. An elaborate repast was served,
while an orchestra dispensed sweet music
from behind a screen of greenery.
The banquet hall was prettily decorated
with flowers and the letters "B. of T."
worked in capitals. Seventy-eight members
and press representatives sat at the ta
ble. The president's report showed thirty
flve regular and special meetings during
the past year. On March 9, at the invita
tion of the Terminal Railroad, 100 mem
bers and friends visited San Pedro harbor.
On March 22 150 mall clerks were enter
tained. Three hundred and twenty-five
dollars was spent in assisting the Los An
geles Fiesta, On May 13th 1000 railway
conductors were entertained. In August
10,000 pamphlets descriptive of Pasadena
were issued.
The secretary'' s report showed the mem
bership to be 111. During the year two
members— H. M. Singer and K. H. Wade—
died.
Those present at the banquet were:
James H. Adams, John Adams, Delos Ar
nold B F. Ball, Louis Blankenhorn, fc,d
Lock'ett, F. P. Boynton, John Breiner, Dr.
Norman Bridge, Charles C. Brown, G. E.
Brown V. R. Sutliff, W. T. Clapp, Theo
dore Coleman, W. H. Conrad, H. C. Ho
teling, C. D. Daggett. C. M. Davis, H. M.
Dobbins, Thomas Barley, Professor \v . A.
Edwards, Robert Strong. H. M. Block, A.
K. Fessenden, Professor J. D. Graham, H.
M Greene, J. R. Greer Jr., Paul S. Hef
fleman, Calvin Hart well, F. R. Harris, H.
R Hertel, W. H. Hill. L. J. Huff, Dr.
George S. Hull, B. W. Hahn, J. A. Jacobs,
L. O. Jarvis, H. C. Prinz, Dr. D. E.
Janes, B. O. Kendall, George F. Kerna
ghan, Lyman King, Byron Lisk, E. H.
Loekwood, A. B. Loughery, H. M. Stone,
L. L. Test, E. H. May, M. J. McCament,
J. H. Merriam. Harry Geophegan, James
North, Henry Newby, R. li. Newby, W. S.
Mellck, Dr. W. H. Prittie. Charles E. Put
nam, W. H. Vannuys. \V. J. Richardson.
Dr. T. J. Rig)?. M. Rosenbaum, C. J. Wil
lett, C. A. Osborn. J. E. Smythe, E. E.
Spaldinp. Frank C. Monroe, Colin Stew
art. George W. Stimson, Edwin Steams,
J. M. Sickler, Dr. J. B. Talcott. Dr. G.
Roscoe Thomas. H. W. WatLsworth, F. S.
Wallace. George W. Wltherel, M. E.
Wood, Peter Ayers, W. S. Woodward.
BAIN" ON THE COAST.
From Several Interior Sections Come
Encouraging Reports.
FRESNO, Feb. 21.— The rainfall this
morning amounted to .13 of an inch, the
benefit of which was decreased by a
drying north wind. More rain is badly
needed.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 21.— The total rain
fall for last night was .28 of an inch,
and for the season 5.26 inches. The
fall up to the same date last year was
15.22 inches.
HOLLISTER, Feb. 21.— Showers of
rain fell here last night, the fall regis
tering .30 of an inch. The prospects
for an abundant crop were never bet
ter, although there must be at least
one heavy downpour within a . few
weeks.
SAN RAMON, Feb. 21.— Last night
it rained here until about 2 a. m., and,
according to the rain gauge, the fall
was .60 of an inch. The north wind
to-day is drying it up very fast.
HUNTINGTON'S HOUSE
IS NOW FOR SALE.
But John W. Mackay Has Not Ex-
pressed Any Intention of
Buying the Property.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Collis P.
Huntingdon says there is no truth in
the rumor that John W. Mackay is ne
gotiating for his house at Fifth avenue
and Fifty-seventh street. Though ha
has met Mackay several times recently
Mackay has never referred to the mat
ter in any way. Huntington said it waa
for sale, as he intends to spend most
of his time in Brooklyn in the future.
It was said that Mackay intended buy
ing the house for his son, who is en
gaged to Miss Katherine Duer.
"Spike" Sullivan Wins.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— 1n the twenty round
bout between "Spike" Sullivan, the crack
American lightweight, and Harry Green
field, the English boxer, at the National
Sporting Club this evening, Sullivan won
in the fifteenth round, Grronrteld being
out-pointed from the started.
56
TUESDAY .FEBRUARY 22, >Bqß
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Prop^J;
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU» S. F- |
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to S2I Stevenson street
Telephone Main I*l4.
THE »4N FRANCISCO CALL 'DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by n>all. $153 j
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
— — — — - —
WASHINGTON 'D. C. OFFICE Rlftfte Hou«»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
ERANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
epei) until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
8:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street open until 9-30
o'clock- «15 Larklo street: open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
i o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
:C6 Eleventh st. : open until 9 o'clock. '505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW - corner Twenty-second
013 d Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-The Bostonians.
California— Blac* Paui Troubadours.
Columbia-" Shall We Forgive Her."
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt-
Worosco's— "The Last Stroke."
Tivoll— "The Vice-Admiral."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Bubh— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chiquita and Vaudeville.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club— Races at Ingrleside to-day.
Coursing— lnsleslde Couralng Park, this morning.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kaston & Eldridpe-Thisday, February 22, Turkish Rugs,
nt 615 Sinter street at 2:30 and S i\ m.
By Frank W. Buuerfield— This day, February M, Turkish
Rugs', at 116 butter street, at 2 p. M.
By Frank W. Btmerfleld -This day, February 32. Groceries
B^SSO Fourth street, at 11 o'clock.
Oriental Rugs— Wednesday, February 23, at 231 Suiter street,
at 2 and 8 pm.
By Yon Rheln & Co.— Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
63H Market street, at 13 o'clock.
By Madison &. Burke-Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 628
Market street, at 12 ui-iook.
EXPLAINING A SPASM.
PERHAPS it is due to the New York Journal
to explain why it made itself ridiculous by of
fering a $50,000 reward. for the wrecker of the j
Maine. The freak did puzzle people who while con- j
scious that the paper in question failed to represent a j
high order of intelligence or morals believed it con- |
trolled by something above idiocy. The matter has j
been cleared away. The Journal was scooped on the \
great tragedy of the Maine. The Herald came out |
with a full story, the Sun with a fairly good one, the j
Journal with nothing. Imagine the grief which must j
have held sway in the office when the proprietor ;
found that all his young men had been sleeping.
A coup d'etat was necessary. The anguish must j
be assuaged. To fire everybody was not practicable, j
To conceal the fact of having been beaten was equally j
out of the question. So it was decided to make the
silly offer, not that it was expected to be impressive, i
but that there was hope it might attract enough at
tention to divert the public eye from the awful scoop, j
Straightway the Journal went into hysterics. Whether j
it offered a billion dollars or a pound of caramels j
made not the slightest difference; it just had to do
something.
GETTING INTO LINE.
GENERAL GROSVENOR, in his recent ad
dress at a meeting of the Republican Con
gressional Campaign Committee, pointed out
the importance of organizing for work at once, and
directed the attention of his colleagues to the elec
tion in Oregon, which is to take place in June. That
election is to be the first State contest to be waged
this year, and the result is certain to have more or
less effect upon the popular mind throughout the
country.
The struggle is the more important because it is
to include national as well as local affairs. Con
gressmen in addition to State officers and members
of the Legislature are to be chosen. Moreover, the
financial issue will form the dividing line between the
opposing parties. Such at any rate is the outlook at
present, and it is not likely anything will occur to
materially change the situation.
At a convention held in Portland a short time
?.go the Republican League Clubs of the State re
affirmed the last national platform, indorsed McKin
ley's speech at New York as a true exposition of the
monetary policy of the party, and resolved: "That
we are in especial accord with the administration and
its wise and efficient Secretary of the Treasury, Ly
man J. Gage, in their efforts to resist silver mono
metallism and to give additional stability and strength
to our present financial system."
The League Clubs, of course, do not bind the
rank and file of the party like a State convention,
but nevertheless as these clubs represent much of
the strength and leadership of the Republicans of
the State there can be little doubt the State platform
will be substantially the same as that adopted at Port
land. The Republicanism of Oregon is therefore on
the side of sound money. It will make a straight
fight on that issue and accept no compromise of any
kind whatever.
While there has been no binding action on the
part of the various factions in the State opposed to
sound money, there are abundant evidences that fu
sion will be accomplished and Democrats, Populists
and so-called Silver Republicans will act together in
the contest. The financial issue, therefore, will be the
dominant one in the struggle, and Oregon will be
the first of the States to record the vote of her citi
zens on the present phase of this momentous prob
lem.
The beginning of energetic work on the part of
the Congressional Campaign Committee and the
rapidity with which the opposing parties in Oregon
arc lining up for the contest, are incentives to the
Republicans of California to set about preparing for
the battle. This is the time to start the formation
of clubs and to make arrangements for a complete
organization of the rank and file of the party
throughout the State. The Republicans of California
cannot afford to be laggards on the eve of the great
battle for honest money and national honor. An
appeal for Republican organization has been made
at Washington nnd we should be among the fore
most in responding to it.
That bodies of the dead are being robbed at any
of the city hospitals is an ugly rumor. The officials
ir charge of the hospital should be the first to de
mand investigation. If they arc innocent the fact
can doubtless be established and if they are guilty
to send them to the penitentiary would be actual
flattery.
THOSE WHO DRAW INTEREST.
THE Bryan Democratic manifesto, to which
we have referred, devotes to destruction
the drawers of interest who avoid the
risk of active business. The Populist mani
festo characterizes the same class, but calls
them "traitors," who are to be shot down,
and "Tories," who are to be expelled from the coun
try. The red rhetoric of the Populist manifesto be
comes pale pink in that of the silver Republicans,
which accuses these pernicious drawers of interest of
an "assault of the enemy on the last ramparts of our
social and industrial independence." In all three of
the documents the phraseology of bloody war and
stirring military movement is used.
Again we ask who are these drawers of interest,
these "traitors" and "Tories," this "enemy" assault
ing "the last ramparts," within which Mr. Bryan and
Senators Jones and Butler are standing under arms
to repel the foe?
Will some organ of these three proclamations in
California name some of the men in this State who
"avoiding the risks of active business merely draw
interest," with the purpose of transferring to them
selves "the property of all those engaged in active
business"? •
In this State 159,000 depositors in savings banks
draw interest on $131,000,000 of capital. A' vast ma
jority of them are laboring people who have thriftily
saved their wages. Another large class among them
are small shopkeepers and vendors of one kind and
another. Are they "traitors" and "Tories"? Life
and fire insurance companies are another class of in
terest drawers. They insure for the premiums paid
by the people. These premiums they invest at in
terest to accumulate a surplus out of which to pay
losses. If they insure a man on a life policy for
$1000 they become his trustee for that amount of
money. In this way they are trustees for hundreds
and hundreds of millions of dollars to the American
people. Are they the drawers of interest who avoid
"the risks of active business"? Are they the
"traitors" and "Tories" deserving of death or
exile?
Another very large class of interest drawers are
the building and loan associations, a favorite means
for the investment of a small surplus by millions of
people. They have enabled the working classes to
own their homes all over the country and have given
to hundreds of thousands of families that safe and
happy anchorage which comes with possession of
their shelter. Are the building and locin associations
the enemy "avoiding the risks of active business" for
the purpose of gaining all the property of the coun
try? Are they the "traitors" and "Tories" who are
besieging the last ramparts?
What class of interest drawers is left to the oblit
erating besom of the patriotic partnership of the
three wings of fiatism? Is it the commercial bank
ers who loan on personal security? Do they take no
risk in active business? In truth and fact they carry
all the risks of every kind of business. The risk of
every crop that grows, of ever}' train that moves and
every ship that sails, is theirs. They distribute and
are trustees of all that part of the loan fund of the
country that animates trade on the credit of commer
cial paper. Take one business enterprise in San
Francisco as evidence of the criminal machination of
these commercial banks, denounced in these procla
mations for "confiscating the lives and liberty of-the
laboring millions." Within a few weeks thousands
went jocund as to a holiday to witness the launching
of the Chitose at the Union Iron Works. She cost,
say, a million. The company that built her employs
in that and similar construction 3000 men. Their
wages, feed, clothe and house 12,000 people, young
and old. In its work that company may be a bor
rower of millions on commercial paper, carried as a
credit by the commercial banks. Let us suppose that
it borrows a million of the loan fund handled by the
Bank of California, the property of 10,000 depositors.
If the commercial bank were not there as a trustee of
that loan fund the million could not be borrowed, for
a separate transaction with each of its 10,000 owners
would be a business impossibility. The bank as
trustee does it in one transaction, on one note. The
company draws on the resulting credit to buy mate
rial and to pay the wages of 3000 men. When the
ship is finished Japan pays its price and the company
pays its note and the million goes back into the loan
fund to be used over and over again in like opera
tions in every department of active business. This,
then, is the process denounced by these politicians as
"the repression of life and happiness," the "cruel con
fiscation of the lives and liberty of the laboring mil
lions," "the most stupendous crime that has been
committed in the annals of civilization." In the hy
pothetical case of the Union Iron Works ask the
12,000 persons dependent on this distribution of the
loan fund by banks if they have thereby been put
"under a hard and bitter burden." Let these three
gangs of politicians who issue these three proclama
tions — not one of whom earns wages or pays them —
let them make plain to the laboring millions where
the credits will arise necessary to the great lines of
business in which their bread is earned when these
drawers of interest have been suppressed and these
"traitors" have been put to the sword and these
"Tories" have been expelled from the country.
SEE TriflT Th|E SHIPS ORE SAFE.
THE rush of travel and freight to Alaska has
already been characterized by the loss of life
and property, probably through the unsea
worthy condition of craft used in that trade.
When the '40 excitement in California broke out
everything that would hold together long enough to
float out of port was drafted into transportation
service. By loading beyond capacity many ships
were made unseaworthy and there were appalling
tragedies as the result.
Our Government regulations for inspection of
hulls and boilers were not as good as now. There
is also more knowledge of the safe stowage of a
cargo and the dangers of overloading.
In the present demand for transportation many
ships, on both coasts, that have been long out of
commission, are being put in now, and many that
were built for an entirely different service are being
diverted to this.
It has been assumed that Alaskan waters are very
safe to navigate, but the striking on unknown rocks
and subjection to strange currents seem to prove
that caution is needed in those quiet waters to a
greater degree than on the open ocean.
Already there has been sufficient warning to
stimulate the strictest official oversight. The Gov
ernment provides a survey of ships which is a guide
to the load they may safely carry and also an inspec
tion of hulls and boilers.
There is every reason to believe that this official
oversight is rigid in the port of San Francisco, and
that . its efficiency will be maintained here. It is
already noticed that this is an element in the at
traction of Alaska transportation. Travelers and
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
cargo seek a port of departure where official vigilance
will be a guaranty against overgreed. The marine
underwriters are also affected by these considerations
and are willing to give better and cheaper indemnity
on risks than where events prove that there is official
laxity. While there is an element of adventure in
these mining rushes that blunts caution for the time
being, the lesson of a few disasters restores ordinary
prudence in the conduct of men and brings such
business as travel and transportation back to the.
plain principles of certainty and safety. This port
having the largest continuous trade, coastwise and
deep water, of any on the Pacific Coast, has of
necessity the best official inquiry into all the means
of making that trade as safe as possible against dis
aster," and this fact is not unnoted among the cal
culations of Alaska travel and commerce.
OUR SPECIAL NEWS SERVICE.
\A OST gratifying in every respect have been the
/ \ manifold evidences given of public apprecia
* tion of the special' service provided by The !
Call to supply the popular demand for news of the
latest developments at Havana. In every town to
which the swift trains have carried it The Call has
been eagerly received by the people and every copy
placed on sale has found a prompt and early pur
chaser.
This service is an illustration of the zeal and
energy with which The Call fulfills the duty of a
great journal to the public. As soon as the startling
news came ofthe destruction of the Maine the man
agers of The Call recognized that there would be an
intense and impatient eagerness on the part of all
classes of people to learn every detail and circum
stance of the disaster. They, therefore, at once set
about providing for the swiftest possible transmission
to the public of every item of news, or information,
that could be gathered by the Associated Press, by
the special correspondents of The Call and those of
its ally, the New York Herald.
In performing the work of distributing the news
bulletins were sent as rapidly as received to all the
principal cities of the State and promptly displayed
on The Call bulletin boards. That was much, but
it was not enough. The popular excitement de
manded far fuller reports than could be given by
bulletins. To meet this demand The Call started its
special trains carrying the paper to Sacramento, San
Jose, Fresno, Monterey, Marysville, Woodland,
Ukiah, and all intermediate points, in time for the
people to read at their breakfast tables.
There was no attempt on the part of The Call at
self-advertising or self-laudation in this matter. It
was an enterprise of legitimate journalism undertaken
to meet a popular demand for news at a great crisis
in the affairs of the nation. It was not done for
rivalry with other papers, nor to cause factitious in
terest in The Call itself. It was done solely as a
means of meeting a need of the time, and conse
quently may be accepted by the public as a proof
that The Call will always furnish the news as swiftly
as any emergency or popular demand may require.
As was foreseen and announced yesterday the en
terprise of The Call forced the Examiner, now in
the sere and yellow leaf of decadent journalism, to
make a spasdomic effort at enterprise itself. How
severe the strain of the spasm was upon the jaundiced
system of the faker was displayed by the way the
paper screamed in type yesterday over the fact that
it had followed The Call and sent out special trains
of its own. It filled so many columns with steaming
and puffing descriptions of the trains that an unin
formed reader who chanced to see the paper would
have thought no such feat had ever before been ac
complished by a newspaper in all the history of
journalism.
The Examiner was two days late in following The
Call. Our special train service had impressed the
public and ceased to be a wonder before the slow
going faker had found out that important item of
local news. Not until the second day of our special
service, when we published an announcement of it,
did the Examiner know what was going on. Even
at the present time it is not giving The Call the
complete imitation that is needed to meet the emer
gency. The people demand special trains only for
the sake of the news the trains bring, and since the
Examiner has been threatened with prosecution for
violating copyright and stealing news from The Call
and the New York Herald it has been compelled to
get out Klondike editions, or devote whole columns
of space to florid descriptions of its special trains in
order to make a show of having any news at all.
THE experiment in city government known as
Greater New York is turning out very much
as was anticipated by observing students of
local government throughout the country. It was
estimated prior to consolidation that the amount of
money which would be required annually to con
duct the consolidated government would not exceed
$75,000,000. Indeed, some of the enthusiastic advo
cates of the charter thought that the expenses could
be brought down to $60,000,000. It is now found
that the budget for the first year will be at least
$100,000,000, and there is every prospect that when
the greater city is placed in thorough working order
a great deal more than this will be required.
As in most experiments in municipal government
something "new" has caused the kicrease. In the
case of New York it is the borough system. While
the charter creating the greater city was pending the
borough system was regarded as the most wonder
ful discovery of the age. The politicians solemnly
reiterated that the only thing necessary to make the
people of New York the happiest people on earth
was the adoption of the borough system. Yet nearly
all the department estimates made by the various
heads of the new government show that many hun
dreds of thousands of dollars in addition to the com
bined sums expended on the different cities prior to
consolidation will have to be spent in caring for
them under the new dispensation.
It is found, for instance, that the Health Depart
ment of the greater city, which it was thought would
cost less than it cost under the old law, will require
an expenditure of at least $350,000 more than was
spent upon all the Health Departments of all the
cities under the old system. This is caused by a
multiplication of new offices and the general intro
duction of higher salaries.
The charter merged the various park boards into
a single organization. The new board is going to
cost a quarter of a million dollars more annually
than its little predecessors. On the other hand all
the departments want more engineers, more lawyers,
more experts, higher salaries, more clerks and more
money. The interesting thing about the entire ex
periment is that Boss Croker is spending the money
through Mayor Van Wyck, and that gentleman is
taking good care that none except loyal Tammany
ites get the offices. On the whole it may be said
that the people of the greater city are in a fair way
to be soon treated to a dose of "economical" gov
ernment which will last them for a long time.
GREATER NEW YORK-
: NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES. I
The premature explosion of a shell In
a six-inch quick-firing gun on the Brit
ish gunboat Bouncer killed two and
wounded six men. The accident occurred
January 26, while the vessel was at gun
practice near the Nore. Some seven or
eight rounds had been fired, and on the
weapon being again loaded the cartridge
prematurely exploded from some cause
yet unknown. As the breech had not
been locked, and there being no resist
ance, it flew open, the cartridge shell
struck a petty officer and a seaman, kill
ing them on the spot, and the fire severe
ly burned six other men around the gun.
An inquiry into the accident was ordered
the next day, the proceedings of which
were held with closed doors, and its re
sults have not yet been made public.
The Russians have taken out the Dv
Temple water-tube boiler of two torpedo
boats and will replace them with Yarrow
straight tube boilers. The cause alleged
is the rapid deterioration of the Dv Tem
ple boiler tubes owing to Inability of
properly cleaning them out as they have
curved ends at top and bottom.
The British cruiser Diadem, 11,000 tons,
has completed her four hour trial under
forced draught with satisfactory results.
Steam was carried at 291 pounds; the
revolutions were 116, air pressure only
.3 inches, developing 15,861 horse power
and a speed of 20.5 knots. The coal con
sumption was 1.95 pounds per horse
power per hour.
The British admiralty have ordered gas
buoys laid in the roadsted of Spithead to
indicate the anchorage for ships of war.
At Vladivostok a dock, 560 feet in
length* ninety feet wide and thirty feet
of water over the side, has just been
completed. This dock was cut out of the
solid rock, and has been under construc
tion about five years.
The ponderous ice-breaker built in
Denmark for use at Vladivostok has
proved its utility in breaking ice twenty
eight Inches thick and progressing at the
rate of three knots an hour. The prob
abilities are that the harbor can be kept
open barring exceptionally severe win
ters, and the Russian Government has
ordered two more ice-breakers.
The Britsh cruiser Powerful did not
develop any extraordinary speed during
her recent voyage from Portsmouth to
Shanghai. Her average speed did not
exceed thirteen knots. On her last stage
of the trip from Singapore to Shanghai
the orders were to make the distance at
the rate of twenty knots, but for some
reason— said to be due to condensers get
ting out of order — the cruiser averaged
only thirteen and a half knots.
The Spanish armored cruiser Cristobal
Colon has just made a run from Cadiz to
Geneva and averaged nineteen and five
eighths knots under natural draught.
This ship is of practically the same de
sign and size as the Garibaldi recently
delivered to the Argentine Government,
but the latter's speed under the same
conditions as the Cristobal Colon has not
exceeded eighteen and three-eighths knotp.
The Spanish ship is 6#40 tons, and was
purchased from Italy, taking her off the
hands of the builders, as the Govern
ment was in financial straits. She was
then named the Varese and rechristened
when sold to Spain. The sister-ship
Garibaldi, sold to the Argentine, was re
named San Martin.
(\ BORDER PATRIOT'S OPINION
Don't talk to me In that grumpy way
'Bout patriotism a betn' dead!
Jest let that chestnutty idee lay
Till it starves to death in yer cranky head!
Don't stand an' holler
About the dollar
A beln' the idol to which we kneel
While we grind our honor beneath our heel,
An' say we think more o' the greenback rag
Than we do of our Yankee Doodle flag!
Jest stop yer unpatriotic blow,
Fur I tell you, pard, an' I say it slow,
Sech-talk-don't-go!
Jest look at that incident t'other night
When the pride o' the navy, the peerleea
Maine,
With her steel sides shattered went out o' sight
An' the rumor flew It was done by Spain
Like a llghtnln' thrill,
Or a 'lectric chill
The news went scootin' from east to west,
An' right on the altar of every breast
The fires o" loyalty flashed an' blazed.
An' hot-eyed men at the bulletins gazed
An' sot their teeth, while their breath come
hot
As a sulphur breath from the devil's pot.
An' they itched an' twitched fur a chance
to go
An' prove their loyalty by a blow
At the haughty foe!
It want the loss o' the noble ship.
It want the lives o' the gallant crew.
That made men bite at their under lip
An' swear till the winter air was blue!
'Twas the insult hurled
At the Hag unfurled
In regal pride In the Cuban air
That roused the patriots everywhere
To the mood fur a suddent scrap, an' fed
The loyal flames that you say are dead
An' buried so deep ol' Gabriel's trump
'D /ail fur to start 'em on the Jump!
It's a lie, you chump!
So don't you talk in that sassy way
'Bout loyalty seemin' to mope an' lag,
Fur It blazes up till there's hell to pay ,
When an Insult's aimed at that good ol' flag!
From coast to coast
There's a countless host
O' patriots feedln' the loyal fires
That was built by our Revolution sire 3.
An' a chip's on the shoulder of every one
That Is old enough fur to pack a gun'
Our loyalty dead? Say, pard, if I
Had a thought that way I'd go off an' die
Fur a man with them idees hasn't got
No right on earth to a breathin' spot
In a country with patriotism fraught'
That's what!
—Denver Post.
THE DIPLOMAT'S GREATEST PERIL.
Washington Post.
The Dupuy de Lome episode serves to
recall to mind the fact that the theft of
confidential letters and papers is the one
peril to which diplomats are exposed
more than to any other. The entire Drey
fus affair 1b said to be baaed either on
the theft of a letter from one of the em
bassies, or else on the tampering with a
private letter passing between two for
eign diplomats. Four years ago a clean
sweep was made of all the French ser
vants of the English embassy at Paris,
many of whom had been in the employ
thereof for more than twenty years, ow
ing to Lord Dufferin's confidential old
man servant, Noel, who had been with
the Marquis for the major portion of his
life, seeing one of the French servants
opening the Embassador's dispatch box
with a false key. A trap was set for
him, and the same man was caught in the
act of opening the box and reading the
contents by Mr. MacFerran, who was the
Embassador's private secretary. The
Germany embassy at Paris went through
identically the same experience, and has
now nothing bui domestics of its own
nationality, finding that either through
patriotism, or through love of gain
French servants always try to spy for
the benefit of their own country upon
their foreign masters. Every diplomat
has in hip possession at one time or an
other confidential papers, the betrayal of
which to the Government to which he is
accredited is calculated to do irreparable
injury. Yet the experience of Lord Duf
ferin, as well as of many other equally
shrewd and clever envoys, shows how dif
ficult it is to shield against this peril
HOW WE PROGRESS.
The. bank clearings of twenty-two cities
in the United States were 33 per cent
greater in January, 1898, than they were
in January, 1897; 30 per cent greater than
they were in January, 1896: 31 per cent
greater than in January, 1895, and 48 per
cent greater than in January, 1894. And
yet there are purblind persons who see no
prosperity in the outlook.— Minneapolis
Journal.
ROOM FOR EXPANSION.
Much more beet sugar 1b now made in
the world than cane sugar. The making
of the former is a fast-growing Industry.
The United States as yet has made only
comparatively Httlo beet sugar, but it is
awakening to the fact that the more than
$100,000,000 it pays to other nations for
sugar ought to go to its own people, and
can just as well as not.— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
A. E. Saxton, U. S. A., Is at the Occi
dental.
V. D. Black, a banker of Salinas, Is at
the Palace.
S. J. Skinner and wife of Chicago are
at the Palace.
De Lancey Stone of New York is a
guest at the Lick.
F. M. Mooers, the pioneer of Rands
burg, is at the Palace.
I. H. Parker of the Colfax Sentinel is
registered at the Grand.
Rev. D. Alexander of New York is a
guest at the Occidental.
Arthur Cox, a trader from Tahiti, is
registered at the Grand.
W. E. Baine, a wealthy mining man of
El Verano, is at the Lick.
State Senator E. C. Voorhies' is at the
Palace from Sutter Creek.
W. F. Knox, the Sacramento lumber
man, is staying at the Grand.
M. J. Farrell, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Dunlap are regis
tered at the Palace from New York.
President and Mrs. Dole have returned
from Washington, and are at the Occi
dental.
H. M. La Rue, the Sacramento Railroad
Commissioner, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
O President Dole
O of Hawaii seems
O to have the fac
o ulty of being able
to put his foot in
° it on most all
O occasions. He
° traveled all the
OQOOOOOOO
0
o ANOTHER
O INTERNATIONAL
O DISPUTE.
o
000000000
way from his island home to Washington
to endeavor by his sophistry to mentally
trip the level-headed anti-annexationists
who compose the majority of the states
men at the nation's capital, and failing
in his attempt, returned to San Francisco,
where he yesterday tried to square him
self by taking a fall, out of an inoffensive
Englishman.
Yesterday morning: President Dole went
out for a drive, accompanied by his sec
retary. They were In an open hack, and
enjoyed Immensely the mild breezes and
warm sunshine, all the more for the
pleasant contrast they afforded to the
terrible frosts the two distinguished vis
itors have lately been experiencing in the
East. So much were they impressed with
the beauty of San Francisco's environs
that when at last they were forced to
return to the hotel they did so with much
regret.
Finally they arrived in front of the Oc
cidental, where Mr. Dole started to alight
just as Valentine Seasons, a loyal subject
of her Majesty Victoria I, Queen of Great
Britain and Ireland and Empress of In
dia, was passing. Valentine has not been
In this country long enough to forget his
native traditions and customs, and had
his trousers rolled up to a point midway
between his ankle and knee. The trousers
were large and baggy, and Mr. Dole, mis
taking one of their checks for a flag in
the pavement, placed his foot on it, with
the result that the scion of a hundred
earls measured his length on the pave
ment. The secretary at once picked Him
up, and expressing in the language of dip
lomacy his profound sorrow for the oc
currence, extended every courtesy in his
power to the unfortunate victim of the
disaster. Owing to the friendly relations
at present existing between England and
Honolulu, it is not thought that any
serious complications will result from the
incident, unless further investigation
proves that the accident was the result of
malice and was authorized by the Ha
waiian Government.
Mr. Seasons threatens to bring the i
matter to the attention of the English
Government and insist that an indemnity ;
be exacted from the Hawaiians to com- ;
pensate him for his loss of dignity and
the damage done to his unmentionables,
which have been rendered utterly worth- '
less through a large hole in their port
Quarter. Mr. Dole claims that the hole is
not the result of the collision, but re
sulted from spontaneous combustion, en- |
gendered by the heat of the garments, ;
which were of the most vivid colors
known to the cloth market.
H. D. Sautte and O. S. Richardson are
two business men of Pittsburgh who ar
rived at the Palace last evening 1 .
C. F. Pitz W. Hall and Guy Cleve, two
wealthy young Englishmen traveling for
pleasure, arrived in the city last evening
and went to the Occidental.
B. Campbell, traffic manager of the O.
R. and N., is registered at the Palace
from Portland. He comes to attend to
the business of that road in this city, as
Mr. Connor, the local agent here, has
made arrangements, to leave the company
and accept the agency of the Panama
Railway Company for the Pacific Coast.
Stephen W. Roach, the youngest son of
the famous shipbuilder, John Roach, is
staying at the California. Mr. Roach,
who is president of the Morgan Iron
Works of New York, is a great lover and
patron of clean sport. He is a member
of several swell yacht and athletic clubs
and the owner of the Parthenia, one of
the handsomest steam yachts in this
country.
About seventy ladies and gentlemen,
comprising the excursionists .who have
been making a tour of the country in
the special train of six cars sent out by
the Minneapolis Journal, arrived at the
Palace yesterday from the southern part
of the State, which they visited on their
way from Mexico to San Francisco. The
party, which is under the management
of A. W.. "Warnock, one of the editorial
writers on the Journal, will only remain
in this city until this evening, when they
will leave for their homes in Minnesota.
Mr. and Mrs. T.
H. Brown are
staying at a
downtown hotel,
and an intimate
lady friend of thf
latter tells an
amusing story
O O
O DO O
O DREAMS O
O COME TRUE? O
O O
0000000000
about the couple. It was confided to her
by Mrs. Brown with a strict injunction
to keep it a profound secret, but, woman
like, she told it to another lady friend,
also with the understanding that secrecy
should be maintained, and in that way
the story became common property, and
is now going the rounds among the
friends of the popular married couple and
causing no end of amusement.
The story goes that Brown woke up one
morning rather earlier than usual, and
addressing himself to his better half, who
had also awakened from her peaceful
slumbers, informed her that he had just
had a dream in which it seems that he
had gone into a millinery store and pur
chased for his adored life partner a beau
tiful. $20 bonnet, incidentally telling her
that it was a delicious dream of a bon
net, to which she sarcastically replied
that most probably it was "only a
dream," and the price had been to him a
hideous nightmare.
Disdaining to notice the cruel reflection
contained in that remark. Brown con
tinued to relate thafin his dream he had
wished to surprise his dear devoted wife,
and instead of ordering the bonnet de
livered he had brought it home with
him. He had laid it down somewhere,
but to save his life he could not remem
ber the precise spot where he had placed
the feminine headgear. He had looked in
every room of the house, still dreaming,
but was unsuccessful in his search, and
concluded: "Mary, I was looking for the
bonnet when I woke up." Mrs. Brown
looked at her husband with a merry
twinkle In her eye, and innocently said:
"Theo, suppose you go to sleep and look
for the bonnet once more, maybe you'll
find it this time." and then she softly
hummed the refrain of that tuneful song,
"I Wonder if Dreams Come True."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MRS. BERRY— F. H. 8., Canyon, El
Dorado County. Mrs. Clarence Berry of
Alaska mines fame, is not dead.
ELKS-H. L. D., Yankee Hill, Cal.
There does not appear in the list of fra
ternal or secret societies the name of the
Ancient Order of Elks, but there is the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
which has one grand lodge and 400 sub
ordinate lodges.
CALIFORNIA TRUST COMPANY-
Mrs. H. D. 8., City. The California
Trust Company started in the sixties in
San Francisco became the National Gold
Bank and Trust Company in 1872. The
concern went into liquidation in 1880, and
its affairs were wound up in 1883.
AN OLD SONG— A correspondent wants
to know where an old song in # which oc
cur the words
There is a fabled country ne'er seen by
mortal eyes,
Can be obtained. The verses were writ
ten about the New England States.
AN AUTHOR ASKED FOR— A corres
pondent wants to know who is the author
of a poem in whicn are the following
lines:
Alas, how soon the hours are over
Counted us out to play the lover!
And how much narrower is the stage
Allotted us to play the sage.
THE BLAIRMORE— C. A. W., Vallejo.
The British ship Blairmore was capsized
In Mission Bay, San Francisco Harbor,
April 9, 1896. Her master at that time
was Captain Caw. She was owned by
Thompson & Dickie, and is still owned by
them. She has been repaired and put in
a seaworthy condition.
DRUIDS— H. E. P., City. The society
now known as the United Ancient Order
of Druids was organized in England in
1781. There was some dispute a* to
whether the order had been organized in
the United States in 1533 or in 1839. The
matter was investigated by the historian
for the New York World' Almanac and
he discovered that the first groVe in the
United States was instituted in New York
in 1839.
CIRCULATING LIBRARY-H. L. D..
Yankee Hill, Cal. Each circulating li
brary fixes its own rates. The expense of
belonging ta such a library is the amount
charged per month or quarter. In this
city there are several, the principal ones
being the Mechanics' Institute Library
and the Mercantile Library. A letter ad
dressed to the librarian of either or both
will be answered by a circular staging
terms.
CONFLICTING LEGAL STYLES.
A good anecdote is told of the two cele
brated barristers, Balfour and Erskine.
Balfour's style was gorgeously verbose.
Erskine's, on the contrary, was crisp and
vigorous. Coming into court one day
Erskine noticed that Balfour's ankle was
bandaged. _
"Why, what's the matter?" asked Er
skine.
Instead of replying, "I Tell from a
gate." Balfour answered in his usual
roundabout manner:
"I was taking a romantic ramble in
my brother's garden." he said, "and on
coming to a gate I discovered that I had
to climb over it, by which I came into
contact with the first bar and grazed the
epidermis of my leg, which has caused a
slight extravasation of the blood."
"You may thank your lucky stars, said
Erskine, "that your brother's gate was
not as lofty as your style, or you would
have broken your neck."— Plttsburg Dis
patch.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Most girls would rather you sneered at
their parents than to insinuate that their
hair is thin.
The average woman can see a subtle
meaning in the way 7-cent molasses runs
out of a stone jug.
Men can be contented without being
happy, but it takes a woman to be nappy
without being contented.
The woman who marries a man to re
form him generally has a lot more chance
than the woman who worries him to re
' Then'™" woman has had such a disap
pointment that she won't do anythirg but
cry and chew candy she is said to be eat
ln When you go " into an old bachelor's
room you generally see either a necktie
holder or a fancy shaving paper which
some girl has made him and which he has
hung up on the Wall, thinking it was an
ornament.— New York Press.
BORING FOR STEAM.
The deepest well in the world will soon
be completed near Pittsburg. It is now
more than one mile deep, and when fin
ished it may reach down two miles into
the earth. It is being bored in the in
terest of science. The object in pene
trating so det-ply is to determine just
what the interior of the human footstool
is like. It Is the intention to continue
the boring until something entirely new
is developed. It has long been the the
ory that if it is possible to go deep enough
some new geologic condition or economic
feature would be found to exist. As the
temperature increases the notion grows
that the "natural steam" wilt be en
• countered or the bottom will be so hot
i that cold water may be pumped down and
! superheated steam pumped up. But if the
; auger should melt?— Law Digest.
THE WORLD LOVES TO LAUGH.
Publications like that story of the Lon
don Star, that the Klondike relief ex
pedition is another "Jameson raid," in
tended to secure control of that country,
are welcome. They add to the gayety of
nations and afford a pleasing relief from
the monotonous current of news, in which
it is so often impossible to distinguish
between the true and false. If the Star
prints any more such stories they should
be cabled in full, regardless of expense.
The world loves to laugh. — Philadelphia
Ledger.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
• Husband's Calcined Magnesia. — Four
first premium medals awarded; more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trademark label.*
"To Auntie, from Elizabeth," was the
addfess on a letter mailed in Atlanta re
cently. But an address reported from a
rural postoffice easily takes the prize:
"To My Son William— if he's keepln* Good
Company. If he ain't Please Return, as
There's $2 in it."— Atlanta Constitution.
" Brown's bronchial Troches" are a simple
yet most effectual remedy for Cougrhs, Hoarse
ness and Bronchial Troubles. Avoid Imitations.
If you lack appetite try half a wine grlasa of
Angostura Bitters half hour before dinner.
Hade by Dr. T. G. B. Sikgert & Sons.
• Cashier— The stenographer tells me that
you yhave discharged her. What's the
matter? I thought she was doing her
work in a first-class way.
President— She will do her work very
well; but she had a suit made by my
wife's dressmaker last week, which cost
$7 more than the one that had just been
finished for Mrs. Millyuns. Of course, the
fool of a dressmaker had to blab it.—
Cleveland Leader.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal is the greatest
of baking powders
in strength, purity
and healthfulness*ZOLA LEAVES
HISTORY TO
JUDGE HIM
Addresses the Court in
Defense of His
Actions.
Thrice Loudly Proclaims
the Innocence of
Dreyfus.
His Words Seemingly Indicate
That He Expects a
Conviction.
HISSED BY SPECTATORS.
Bepeated Uproars While the Novel
ist and His Counsel Make
Their Pleas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Feb. 21.— The rains to-day
t the crowd about the ap
proaches to the Assizes Court of the
Seine in the Palace of Justice, though
the interior was packed with people.
M. Zola was hissed when he reached
the court.
When the Advocate-General com
menced .his address he declared that
M. Zola's assertions that the Esterhazy
court-martial acquitted a guilty person
In accordance with superior orders re
mained entirely unproved. Major Es
terhazy. he added, could not be the au
thor of the bordereau, and he protested
against certain newspapers accusing
officers of seeking to overthrow the re
port. In conclusion the Advocate-Gen
eral expressed confidence that the jury
would condemn M. Zola.
M. Zola read an address to the court
in which he said that the Premier, M.
Meline, "had the air of giving the jury,
who are charged with the national \
honor, an order to find me guilty."
(Loud protests.)
The presiding Judge said: "You can
not say that the Premier has given an
order to condemn you."
Continuing, M. Zola said: "Such pro
ceedings are an abominable piece of
political manners. I have never insult
ed the army, as has been said, but I
have raised a cry of alarm, and I leave
history to judge and to appreciate my
acts. Thos? who dishonor France are
those who mingle cries of 'Vive l'Arme'
with 'A bas les Juifs' and 'Vive Ester
hazy' after the letters he has written.
(Murmurs.) If lam here it is because
I wished — I asked — to appear before
you, who are the voice of Justice. It
Js for you. gentlemen, that I raise the
cry of alarm and that I wish to bring
out the truth, perhaps unsuccessfully;
but here I stand before you and await
your Justice."
M. Zola complained of the prevail
ing state of lassitude, and exclaimed:
"Your thoughts, which I think I can
read on your faces, are: 'We have had
enough of it. The matter must be
brought to an end.' I am not defend-
: my liberty, gentlemen. In present
ing myself to you, I am defending the
truth. Look me in the face, gentlemen.
Have I been bought, or am I a traitor?
I am a free writer who intends to re
sume his vocation and again take up
his interrupted labors. I indignantly
protest against the charge of being an
Italian.
"No," he added; "I am not defending
my liberty, condemn, then, if you
-wish. It will be but an additional er
ror. It will be the seed which will
germinate and prevent France from
falling into indifference. If the country
is in trouble, the fault lies with the
Government, who, in the hope of saving
pome culprit, has tried to prevent the
truth from coming into the light of
day. The very life of the people Is at
stake. It is for you, gentlemen of the
jury, to utter the truth upon this af
fair and render justice."
M. Z>>la dwelt upon the fact that the
• tire people had been thrown Into
painful anguish through doubts of the
guiltiness of Dreyfus, and said:
"The Government. \yho know all, and
who, like you, are convinced of the in
nocence of Dreyfus, will one day make
it known and will publish it without
running any risk."
Then, raising his voice, M. Zola three
times proclaimed the following>
"Before all the world I swear Drey
fus is innocent."
Loud murmurs and hisses from the
back of the court greeted this utter
ance. M. Zola concluded by saying:
"The day will come when France will
thank me for saving her honor." (Pro
longed uproar.)
M. Laborie, counsel for M. Zola, fol
- lowed with an eloquent speech. His
* opening words, "We are here In defense
of justice and right," were hailed with
loud protests from the back of the
courtroom, and counsel continued, re
proaching the authorities for being "led
astray by passing interests," and with
"not wishing to deal with the Dreyfus
affair, although there are few Senators
or Deputies who doubt his innocence.''
"Nevertheless," continued M. Laborie,
"truth will prevail. The elections will
hot be allowed to pass amid mystery
and ambiguities." (Renewed protests.)
M. Laborie then thanked "all those
- .;ia?<-B of the Intellectual elite of
nee who have had the courage to
for truth and light." Counsel re
<l to the "inspired articles in the
■-," intended to deceive the country.
If a syndicate exists it is a syndi
of good faith and loyalty, whose
- to obtain justice and right in the
-pts of the entire country, and this
ndicate has the greatest faith In
perspicacity."
This caused a violent uproar, against
v M. Laborie vehemently protest-
An individual In the back of the
■ i orn shouted:
much have they paid you?"
M. Laborie reiterated: "If we
:. paid such people would have
i us."
M. Laborie then proceeded to re
}> U:e Premier for refusing to al
!ow generals to be judged before a jury,
he ;;sked:
Are pr^nr-rals, then, above the legal
:ience of the country? Our oppo
ta talked of confidence in the army.
have confidence in It; but it is
tn insult to the army to raise a cry
alarm as M. Zola has done. He
' ■ in strong terms, but he did not
lit the army."
In "inclusion, M. Laborie declared
he intended to prove Zola's good
i'h and review the whole affair,
piping into things hitherto un
known." and ihe c/urt adjourned.
LIVES OF
HUNDREDS
IMPERILED
The Narrow Escape of
Passengers on
the Queen.
Alaskan Steamship Runs
Aground in Wrangel
Narrows.
Almost Topples Over on Her
Side With the Rising of
the Tide.
| WAS MUCH OVERCROWDED
Those Who Engaged Passage Com
plain Bitterly of the Treatment
They Received.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 21.— The steamer
Queen had an exciting voyage on her
last trip north, according to letters just
received from Miss Lydla Hatch, a
passenger to Dyea. The steamer was
supposed to carry 550 to 600 passengers,
but Miss Hatch was informed and be
lieves that there were 911 aboard. She
says the captain and crew were new to
the Queen and seemingly did not know
how to handle either so large a steamer
or such a crowd. The table service was
poor, tips being necessary to procure 1
even slight attentions. The jam was I
frightful, the second-class passengers j
monopolizing the public cabin so far I
as possible and devoting their energies
to vaudeville songs.
All this was not a circumstance com
pared with the situation when the
Queen grounded in Wrangel Narrows
after the breaking of a rope connecting
the steering gear and rudder. Whilt
repairs were being made she drifted I
ashore. As the tide went out she listed i
badly and the passengers learned that j
she came within three inches of turn
ing squarely over. The water came
within two inches of her firebox before
the tide turned. The dishes slid off the
table, and from 6 p. m., when the first
table was through, until midnight, the
serving of dinner was suspended.
The scenes aboard were indescrib
able. Miss Hatch and her friends took
a position on the upper deck, where
they had to hang on to the rigging and
railing to prevent falling off. Their
feet hung outside and for five hours
they waited in this uncomfortable posi
tion, ready to jump if the steamer went
over. It rained and hailed during ihis
time and they suffered intensely. Pas- j
sengrers in the cabins and steerage were
greatly excited, many feeling certain
the steamer would soon roll over. Sev
eral women went into hysterics. One
French woman fought her way through j
the crowd and ordered the captain to j
lower the boats, declaring that if he
did not she would cut them down and
then shoot him.
By that time the decks -were almost
perpendicular and the boats on the
upper side could not be touched. Those
on the lower side were lowered after ;
much delay and several men sent j
ashore to watch the tide.
Those were anxious moments for the
Queen'B passengers and crew. Three
inches more and the steamer would
turn over. Another inch and passen
gers and provisions must be hastily
landed on shore. Shouts of rejoicing
went up when the men ashore finally
signaled that the tide had come to a
standstill and would soon be receding.
On the lower deck baggage and freight
had shifted, causing a mix-up of
horses, dogs, freight and steerage pas-
Bengers that is described as frightful !
and terrible. Two mules were killed
outright and some of the animals had
to be hauled out from under the freight. !
The Lynn Canal towns are described
as cold, cheerless, desolate and more or j
less rough, particularly Skaguay. The
writer advises friends going to Alaska
to go first-class, saying that the fare
then is none too good.
JURY DISAGREES IN THE
LEWIS MURDER CASE.
Alleged Slayer of Frank Pollisco
Will Be Tried a Second Time at
Madera.
MADERA. Feb. 21.— The trial of James
Sa\age Lewis, charged with the murder
of Frank Pollisco. on the night of the
20th of December last, was conchi'led be
fore Judge W. M. Conley Saturday nigl. f .
The jury did not report until nearly mid
night, when it was announced by the
foreman that the Jurors were unable to
agree, and they were discharged. It is
learned that nine voted for conviction and
three for acquittal.
Lewis' bail was fixed at $2000. It was
decided to retry the case as soon as pos
sible, and Wednesday, February 23. was
announced by the court as the day on
which the second trial shall begin.
ORIENTAL PAGEANT ON
MONTEREY'S STREETS.
Demonstration Preliminary to the
Annual Ring Tournament
of the Chinese.
MONTEREY. Feb. 21.— A novel spec
tacle was presented here to-day, and one
which the Monterey people will not soon
forget. Two hundred Chinaman in fes
tive array came from WatsonvJle on the
noon trafn, and, being met at the station
by about 300 denizens of the Jocal China
town, formed a procession and marched
through the old Spanish town to New
Monterey and thence to Chinatown.
The procession was full of color, many
banners were displayed and firecrackers,
gongs and other nnisy instruments sup
plied the requisite Chinese din. A large
crowd witnessed the display.
The procession was a preliminary to the
annual ring: tournament, one of the great
Chinese festivals, which was celebrated
here this year. Prominent Chinese from
all the surrounding towns and San Fran
cisco were present 'and participated in
the day's ceremonies.
— • -
BEFOBE THE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— This was pri
vate bill day in the House, but little was
accomplished owing to the fact that most
of the time was consumed in the passage
of private pension bills coming over from
the Friday night session three weeks ago.
The feature of the day was the spirited
I contest over the bill to pay Newberry Col
1 ]oeo the Lutheran institution ir. South
j Carolina, $15,000 for damages by Federal
troops It was finally pasted.
On motion of Bailey, the Democratic
leader, the House voted. 58 to 35 to ob
ierve Washington's birthday by adjourn
ine- over to-morrow, but Dingley raised
ihe Doint of no quorum and before further
action could be taken the House recessed
under the rule until 8 o'clock. The Re
' nublicans desire to go ahead with the sun
dry civil appropriation to-morrow. __
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
BEGINNING OF A KLONDIKE VOYAGE.
The steamer Australia, chartered by the Pacific Coast Steamship Company from the Oceanic Steamship Company, got away
on her maiden trip to Dyea and Skaguay yesterday. There was a big crowd of people down to see heroff. She
took 250 passengers from this port and 350 more will join her at Seattle. All her flags were at half mast on ac
count of the Maine disaster.
KLONDIKE RUSH
IS INCREASING
The Australia Left on Her
First Trip With a
Big Crowd.
She Will Be Followed by the
Steamers Humboldt and
Excelsior To- Day.
An Opposition Line of Steamers Ee
tween South America and This
Port Talked Of.
Three steamers were to have sailed
; for Dyea and Skaguay yesterday, but
only one of them got away. The Hum
! boldt got in early in the morning from
Seattle, and some few repairs have to
be made, but as all her passengers and
freight are ready for her she will prob
ably leave some time this afternoon.
j The Excelsior, for Copper River, was
; also late in completing her round trip,
and she will receive freight and pas
sengers to-day and will get away some
time this evening. The Australia did
come very close to getting away on
schedule time. She was to leave at 2
p. m., but owing to the rush of freight
at the last minute it was two hours
later before she moved away from her
dock. She took away 75 cabin and 170
steerage passengers, and nearly 400
: more await her at Seattle. This trip
will be made to Seattle, Juneau, Dyea
and Skaguay, but thereafter she will
■ run from Seattle to those points dl
i rect, connecting with the Walla Walla,
Umatilla and City of Puebla from this
1 port and with the State of California
] and Columbia, also from this port,
through the George W. Elder and Ore
i gon, which will run from Portland.
The Australia has been fitted out in
a first-class manner to carry 600 pas
sengers. The old steerage has been
! fitted up for first-class passengers and
! quarters for the steerage have been
I fitted up in the 'tween decks forward.
j Electric lights have been carried
i throughout the entire ship, and an cx
i tra force of men has been put to work
! in the steward's department and extra
! cooks employed, so that everybody
i who travels by the Australia will be
\ well taken care of. All the old heads
of departments, save the purser, have
staid by the ship. Purser Campbell,
who for years has been a favorite on
I the Umatilla, but who lately has been
on the Victorian, running to Dyea and
Skaguay, was brought from Puget
Sound to join the Australia. He arrived
yesterday and at once took charge of
affairs and will remain with the Aus
tralia as long as she is kept on the
Dyea-Skaguay route.
The Australia took away quite a
number of mules and over 100 dogs.
She is the first vessel that has left here
with the proper accommodations for
the latter animals. Up over the house
built for the accommodation of mules
and horses kennels were put up for the
dogs, and they will be fed and cared
for during the trip. As the vessel will
carry a rather small amount
of freight in comparison with the num
ber of passengers, nearly 300 tons of
pig iron was put in her hold before the
work of loading began. She will thus
be in fine trim to make quick time,
and Captain Houdlett expects to make
a record-breaking run from here to Se
attle.
The talk of an opposition steamship
line between South and Central Ameri
can ports and San Francisco has been
revived. Two large and wealthy cor
porations, The Compania Sud Ameri
cana de Vapores, and the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company, are said to be
engaged in the venture. The former
company will run its steamers between
South America and ports in Panama.
They will leave Valparaiso once a
week, touching at Coquimbo, Antofa
gasta, Iquique, Mollendo and Callao,
arriving at Panama in ten days. Then
the Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany will take up the running, touch
ing at the principal Central American
and Mexican ports, making the run to
San Francisco in twelve days. In this
way the passage from Valparaiso, can
be made in a little over three weeks.
Boone's Petition Denied.
The United States Circuit Court, Judges
Ross, Gilbert and Hawley. sitting in bank
yesterday denied the petition of John L.
Boone, the disbarred attorney, asking for
a rehearing. His affidavit wherein he
charged certain other lawyers not con
nected with the case with turpitude was
ordered stricken from the record on the
ground that it was irrelevant.
NATIONAL CLUB
GETS A PERMIT
Wordy War at the Meet
ing of the Super
visors.
Mr. Britt Says That He Is in
Favor of Boxing
Contests.
Bateman Brothers Ask for Another
Extension on Their
Contract.
A petition for a b \-ing permit pre
sented to the Supervisors yesterday by
the National Club precipitated a wordy
war and showed the position of a num
ber of Supervisors on the subject.
When the matter was presented Super
visor Stiuehan supported the petition
stating that in this matter the com
munication of the Grand Jury should
cut no figure. He urged that the Na
tional Club had already expended be
tween $500 and $600 in arranging for
the exhibition and should be allowed
to carry out its programme
Supervisor Clinton stated that in
view of the circumstances he would
not oppose the issuance of the per
mit, but he called upon Chairman De
lany of the Health and Police Commit
tee to state what the future policy of
the committee would be in regard to
such privileges. Supervisor Delany ig
nored the question, stating that the
committee would be guided by circum
stances.
Supervisor Clinton then called upon
the Mayor to state whether or not he
had the signing of permits, but the
Mayor was uncertain just what his
power was in the premises. It devel
oped later that the Mayor cuts no fig
ure in matters of this character.
Supervisor Britt said that he was not
adverse to granting boxing privileges
and that if the request came from re
putable clubs he would vote to grant
the privileges, the Grand Jury notwith
standing.
Supervisor Britt declared that boxing
was no worse than football as far as
brutality was concerned, and should be
permitted, if conducted within legiti
mate lines.
When a vote was taken Supervisor
Smith was the only one that voted
against the permit, Supervisor Clinton
explaining, however, that he would op
pose the issuance of any more such
privileges in the future.
Permission was granted the Chil
dren's Hospital to erect a tent in Union
Square for the purpose of giving a
floral fete during April. The order im
posing a quarterly license of $3000 on
stamp-trading concerns was finally
passed.
It Avas decided not to fit up quar
ters for the insane in the rooms now
occupied by the carpenter shop of the
Police Department, because of the op
position of Chief Lees. One-half the
quarters in the Receiving Hospital
now used for the detention of inebri
ates will probably be used.
The demands of Joseph Lalb for fur
nishing street-corner signs that were
refused payment by Auditor Broderick
were referred to the Street Committee
for the purpose of giving Laib a chance
to explain his position.
On motion of Supervisor Smith a
vote of thanks was tendered to Ed
ward B. Coleman for his efforts in sav
ing $1500 for the city out of the ex
penses of the Golden Jubilee.
- The Southern Pacific Company peti
tioned the board to permit the corpora
tion to erect a hospital for the care of
its injured employes at Fourteenth and
Mission streets. The petition stated
that the structure would cost when
equipped from $.'O,OOO to $60,000. The
matter was referred to the proper com
mittee.
The ordinance requiring the street
railways to select fenders and begin
the work of building them and to fin
ish within 120 days was finally passed.
Bateman Bros., contractors for the
Hall of Justice, sent in a petition for
another extension of time on their con
tract. The firm urged that though
the building was progressing favora
bly it was not sufficiently advanced,
through difficulty in obtaining mater
ial, to enable them to turn it over to
the city within the time named in the
The fee-simile ,< , >-j^ /7^ 'V""" is on every wrapper
signature of Wut//z7&^&^ °* CASTORIA.
last extension". They asked until Oc
tober 1 to finish the job, and the mat
ter was referred to the Public Build
ings Committee.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yester
day's session:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS. ■ * '■'.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-sixth to Army—
Grading to John Kelso Company.
Hampshire, Twenty-sixth to Army— Same.
butter, Kearny to . Grant avenue— Bituminous
paving to Union Paving and Contracting Com
pany.
Grant avenue and Post street— to San
Francisco Paving Company.
Post, Montgomery to Kearny— to
Lnijn Paving and Contracting : Company.
: Stockton, Post to Sutter— Same. ■■■■ >
Stockton and Post— Same to San Francisco
Paving Company. ■
-Stockton, Geary to Post— Same to Union
Paving and Contracting Company.
O'Farrell, : Devisadero ': to Broderick— Curbs
and paving to City Street Improvement Com
pany. ..-'..■■■.-
Twenty-third, Guerrero .to Dolores— Same to
union Paving and Contracting Company.
Oak, Stanyan to point 6U4 feet west of
westerly line of Baker— Gulley ways on north
erly line, with paving to . Baker, . etc., to City
Street Improvement Company. ..-'.
Twenty-sixth and Grading, pipe sew
ers, curbs," etc., to Flinn and Treacy. .
Stanyan, , Oak ,to Frederick— Granite curbs
on easterly side, gutterways, and . stormwater
inlets at various . street = intersections, to City
Street Improvement Company. ' ■ ■.■-,. ,'■■
York, Twenty-sixth to Army— Pipe sewers,
etc.. to Buckman Contracting Company.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREET WORK. ;
Greenwich, from point - 137% feet easterly*
from Leaven worth, to point 137% feet easterly
—Artificial' stone sidewalk on southerly side
• Alpine, northerly termination to Waller— Pir>e
sewer, etc. . '
" Eighteenth street, from point thlrty,three
feet easterly from Ashbury to Corbett avenue
Pipe sewer, storm water inlets, etc.
Third, Mission to Howard— paving
Twenty-fourth, A to C street— Regrading.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
■ ORDERING.
Market, northeast - line of Second to south
west line of Fifth, including Intersection of
Montgomery, Post, Geary, Kearny. Grant ave
nue. O'Farrell. Stockton, Ellis, Powell and
Eddy— Bituminous paving, except portion re
quired to be kept in order by railroad com
pany, etc. • -..-■■
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Steiner, Broderick to Vallejo— Artificial stone
sidewalks on easterly line.
Vallejo and Steiner— Same, with curbs ■ and
paving.
Fillmore. Clay to Washington — Artificial
stone sidewalks on westerly side. ■ .
. Pierce, Vallejo to Green— Curbs and paving.
Green and Pierce — paving, artificial
stone sidewalks, cesspools, etc. •
Pierce, Green to Union— Curbs and paving.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS. .
Twenty-third, Bryant to Potrero avenue-
Curbs and paving. ■ •
Twenty-third : and Harrison— Same.
Filbert. Hyde to Larkln— Same.
Liberty, Dolores to Church— .
Bartlett, Twenty-sixth to Army-Same.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Same.
. Linden : avenue, Gough : to Octavia— Same. '
Mason, Geary to Artificial stone side
walks.
Army, Doiores to Church— Curbs and paving
■ Ninth avenue, Fulton to C— Remacadamizlng
of street and sidewalks on easterly '■ side to
point 50 feet southerly from C street ' J? ; -.--
Noe, Fourteenth to Sixteenth— Artificial stone
sidewalks. - . -■■«-■
Laguna, Bay to North Point— sewer, etc
Laguna and North Pomt — Pipe sewers etc
Laguna. i North Point to point 110 feet north
erly from Beach— Same. _••■ • . ■
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake— Same
Worth, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Same.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
. Carlton, Brady, to Carlton Bitumen
Carlton place, Carlton to Carlton court-
Same. " ■ .■"-■ 1.-. 1 : ■- - ' :■- - ■-- •;-■-;• . ... -,:... -..- ■
Brady. Market to West Mission—
t Carlton court, ■Carlton place to southwest ter
mination — Same.. _ ...,...-
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Lombard, Gough to Octavia— Bitumen. - '
Lombard, Laguna to Buchanan— Same
Leavenworth, Greenwich to Lombard—
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO CHANGE
AND ESTABLISH ■ GRADES
Belvedere, Waller to Frederick— to be
raised ■ and established to > conform ■to official :
grades and on true gradients. ,
V- PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
■ Chenery, Thirtieth' to Randall— Property own
era may curb and pave. . 7 ■ ■ ;
- Crocker, West :' Mission :to Stevenson—
ing,- sewering, etc. .. ..-.■••■• -— - ..-■■
*; Twentieth, York : to :' Hampshire— Curb ■ and
paving, r-. ■'■-■ . ..'v 1 "•■..■.->■,'■: - ... ■ ' ..
.-Fifteenth avenue south, P to Q street south —
Regrading, etc. ■ : , - -.. ... . :
r I street. Eighth avenue to point 120 feet west
erly—Curbs to be moved to official line
• Elsie street. Holly Park to Cortland avenue—
Sewering, etc. ■ 3 / , ... ;
Germania avenue, Flllmore to : Steiner Pav
ing and sewering. ■... •.. v ' . ' . ■.
; : ;\ EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Page and,Lyon— To Warren & Malley thirty
days on paving, etc. - - - •
■ Harrison, Serpentine avenue to Army street
—To Buckman « Contracting ... Company, ninety
days on grading, sewering, ■■.' etc. 1 . : ; - ' .*,
; ■•-. Harrison. ; Army to Precita avenue— Same. '• *'
! ■:'. Lower Terrace. Pluto to Serpentine place—
J.W. : Pierce, sixty days on grading, etc >*-."■
ii Serpentine place. } Lower Terrace ;; to Temple
street— Same. . \ ■;-r'^\-~r.:' : ' -}■':,' - : y -:-as'.':
EXTENSIONS -OF y TIME RECOMMENDED.
' Filbert, Van ''} Ness avenue to : Franklin— To
City Street Improvement ? Company, ; sixty days
oh paving, curbing, etc. ■ v ■ '-.: ,r ; t
i - Lewis,' westerly line of Baker to easterly line
of :>- Laguna— To ;C Warren • & .-. Malley, twelve
months on ; street . Improving. .. ;.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
' . MITTEE. ; , v
Twenty-first, Castro to Diamond— Buckman
Contracting Company, for release from con-
Q street south, Fifteenth to Eighteenth ave
nue south, etc.— Superioress of Mount St.
Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, for action on
protests against further extensions of time to
M C. Hogan on grading.
Ninth avenue, X street to San Miguel rancho
line— Property owners for exception of grading:
part already graded.
Thirteenth, Fourteenth and Fifteenth aye- '
nues, H to I street — Sunset Improvement Club, :
for macadamizing.
New Anthony street — Wells, Fargo & Co., to
reduce width of sidewalks on west side.
Hill, Noe to Castro— F. Leffler, for release
from contract to lay sidewalks, etc.
Sutter, Grant avenue, to Stockton — G. De
paoli, to make Sutter-street Railway Company
repave between its tracks.
Eighteenth, Ashbury, to east line of Uranus-
New Park Larte Tract and Seventeenth-street
Improvement Club, for grading and macada
mizing.
Twenty-fourth avenue and B street — Louise
Kidd to regrade in front of her own property.
Noe and Fourteenth— John Stelling, to retain
granite curbs.
In addition, several petitions to do street
work by private contract.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Twelfth avenue, A to B street — Property
owners against grading.
Bush, Market to Central avenue — Same
against declaring street a boulevard.
Clement street. Sixteenth to Sevententh
avenue — J. K. Prior against macadamizing.
Seventeenth avenue, Point Lobos avenue to
Clement street— Same.
De Haro, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Property
owners against grading.
I street. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues — j
Same against macadamizing.
Lombard, Hyde to Larkin— Same against ■
paving.
Ivy avenue, Laguna to Webster streets—
Bame.
J street, Seventh to Ninth avenue — Same |
against grading.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Belvedere, Waller to Frederick — Grade to be
changed and established, and sidewalks to be
reduced to 12^ feet.
Bernard, Jones to Taylor — Against wooden
sidewalks.
Lundys lane, Esmeralda avenue to point 350
feet northwesterly — Grading stopped for six
months.
Clay and Drumm— Louis Zeiss may relay
sidewalk.
Greenwich and Roach— Contract entered into
with Fllnn & Treacy to sewer.
Jessie, Thirteenth "to Fourteenth— ln favor of
paving.
Mission, No. $24 — Mrs. R. McMahon's side
walk should be repaired.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
Kept the Change.
E. G. White. 151G Sacramento street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday for the arrest of
John Gerry, a bartender in the Eureka
saloon on Kearny street, on a charge of
petty larceny. White said he went into
the saloon with a friend on Saturday
night and ordered two drinks. He placed
a $20 gold piece on the counter in pay
ment, and Gerry refused to give him his
change, declaring that he only got the
value of the beer.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
.- ' ■■■ , ' ■ '-■■■'■■■ " ■■ - I
:Is the working capital of humanity. He who
I loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your health
I failing you, your strength, ambition, vigor,
j manliness wasting away?
\ %
DR. SWEANY.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases of Men and Women. ■"' . ' '"
YOUNG MEN. Unnatural drains, caused
through abuses, errors of - youth or excesses, : :
quickly and permanently stopped.
' - He restores lost vigor and vitality toWEAK
MJKX. Organs of the ■ body which have been
weakened and are small or shrunken through '
disease, overwork, excesses or indiscretions are '
restored to perfect health, strength, full power
i and vitality through his new and original sys- i
| tern of treatment. RUPTUKK cured by his :
new method, without knife, truss or detention ;
from work, a painless, sure and . permanent j
cure. YARICOCKLE, hydrocele. swelling and '
tenderness of the elands treated with unfail-
ing success. SYPHILIS in any of Its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
LiADIKS will receive special attention for all
their many ailments. . WRITE.- if you cannot I
call.
CONSULTATION FREE at office or by
letter. A valuable book. "Guide to Health " !
free. F. L.S WEAN Y, M..-D., 737 Market St.. I
opp. Grant aye., San Francisco, Cal. ■
•
No deception practiced.
... No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous ' '
0 cent trial size.
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Sain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Give»
Relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial. Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
Kf.r "2"" rTr "'•'•' •"• ''---°" gtreet, New York ' ;
Fine Tailoring
• ... At Cut Rate Prices ;
ALL WOOL SUITS HADE TO ORDER FOR
$15.50, $17.50 and $20
, THEY3EATTHE WORLD FOB QUALITY AND STYLE . ,
« Jos Pohein, The Tailor
1110-1112 Market St. '«„_>,,„-.,„- '■■
844-846 Market St. ©313 FraHCISCO
|201-203MontgomeryRt : / CAL.
PAIN
. ftS<VJ^E.SPITZY.rIJ.
JU^^^^^^^H iSA We will send yon a fire (5) day trial
■T UCyl treatment of the French Kemedy
¥i™ft " « I CALTHOS free, <-• O. Dl..D 1 .. and
i 1 ■'''"- Tf&Sr & a lH^' a ' Kuaruntea thai Calthos will
ft^f? ■ W STOP Dlnohnrjie* nnd Ealnilani,
h.£i tl KF. Sprrmalorrhea t Vuric«ecle,
■T tyffifll - *" d K 126701111 JLo »* Vigor. *.«
S^On^H l« costs you nothing to try K.
( | VOnMohlCO. 440 B Se!rAnrriauiA;U.ClndaiuiU,a i
I iiiMaßniFßP«iK,-wm>n«P«^«M
Bfy^jpy^y^VNjqSl Mwf^^^^^z^^^2^^^lH
\ C AMUSEMENTS. . \ : '
i #SIU>UMDtB fiOITtOB aC!ut3u»ft<wuti»
LAST FIVE NIGHTS— Saturday.
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTOMANS.
Barnabee :*&'" McDonald, Proprietors. -■
I ■ Direction of Frank L. Perley. \-. .■"•; .
; .' Presenting. the Operatic Success
! v *-^t^»"THE SERENADE.
I Sunday Night ', Lieutenant R. , E. Peary la %
final lecture: Next Monday— "Robin Hood."
I %afitfoT7ht&cffih2l&
i 'RiEOLANOEB GOT T I G3 C »&™«ts» .
Third and Last Week, : the » Immense Succesa,
BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS!
i Coon Comedy. • J Coon Songs.
. ! Jubilee Shouts. | Operatic Reviews. - ,
i ' Vaudeville. ■■■'■■-'
! THE GREAT CAKE WALK. ,
;. - -r— — ' ; ■ .. ... — —
f£c£umMi cJfiZaZrc
JRIEDIANOEB GOTTtOB&C«ttSSm**«M*MI
A DRAMATIC TREAT!-
The Accomplished Actress , : •.'
—MARIE WAINWRIGHT-
-In Jacob Lltt's Production of the New Drama
, "SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
;! A stirring play of human- interest adequately
staged and acted.
, March Primrose & West's Minstrels. '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. Eknestix e Krelixg. Proprietor & Manager .
• • - • TO-NIGHT.
. Artistic Presentation of Milloecker's Nautical
Work,
The Vice=Admiral!
! The Gem of all German Comic Operas.
. Splendid Cast! Superb Costumes! Beautiful
Scenery! Enlarged Chorus! Augmented .
Finales and -Ensembles!
NEXT — Requested revival of "THH
i GEISHA," the brilliant Japanese musical
comedy. ". . :,'v% ■ • ...
Popular Prices... ...25 and 50<|
Matinee To-Day, Tuesday, February 22«
Parquet, any seat, $25cf Balcony, 10c; Chil*
■ dren. 10c. any part.
. NEW ARTISTS. ALL CARDS— 9— •
■ LINA PANTZER, danseuse Fille de Ferl
j DAMMAN TROUPE, Europe's marvels; MAT-
I THEWS & HARRIS, the laughmakers; GEO.
IW. DAY, monologue comedian ; M. ■C. LAW-
' RENCE, trick bicyclist: FILSON & ERROL. '
! a laughing hit; ADELMAN & LOWE, xylo-
phone artists- MAUD BEAL PRICE, vocal-
; ist and mimi/; THE BIOGRAPH. last week;
1 all new scenes. . ;',"«■;-;
! ALCAZAR. SEATS p"%< E ,
"CELEBRATE TO-DAY WITH US."
HOLIDAY MATINEE AT 2 O'CLOCK. '
j ■■■'. Seats, ] sc, 2.'c, 35c.
3D AND FAREWELL WEEK!
i "CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
NEXT WEEK— "FALSE SHAME."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter. Morosco ...Sole Lessee and Manager
■ Third Week of -the Popular Actor,
HARRY MAINHAUL,
In the First Production in This City of
THE GREAT CUBAN WAR • DRAMA, ;
"THE LMST STROK.E."
A Stirring, Romantic Story of Cuba's Fight
for Freedom. Great Battle Scene. Exciting
Fire Scene. GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE
THIS AFTERNOON, Washington's Birthday.
Evening prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. - Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. ■-; .. . \
BUSH-ST. THEATER.
The Thalia German Hebrew Opera Company.
Tuesday evening, February . 22. WASHING-
TON'S BIRTHDAY. Last time of the side-
splitting, roaring comedy, "THE SLEEP
WALKER." :■:■.-• ;
MINERS' DAY!
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Mining Fair
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY
Under Entire Charge of California Miners'
Association.
Exciting ■ contests . between miners . at rock-
drilling. Cornish miners' wrestling battles;
$1000 in prizes. Contestants from all parts of
the State: county excursions; addresses. .
GOVERNOR BUDD present this afternoon.
1 PRESIDENT DOLE of Hawaii invited. A
great day. ...
| Another souvenir mining fair spoon. To se«
i one is to want one. I Every lady purchasing a
I ticket to-day up to 5 o'clock gets a spoon.
t ", TO-NlGHT— Wrestling, and rock-drilling.;
Appearance of - the beautiful triplet tots.
These cute little children dressed alike, so
similar in: appearance one cannot tel l one
from another. Every mother will want to see
them. Reception 1 to 4:30 p. m. '
THURSDAY— OakIand and Alameda day.
Acme Club programme. : Spectacular pro-
gramme by Chinese. ' ,■ „■ .
FRlDAY— Benefit for families of those killed
in sad ; catastrophe of the Maine. Great bat-
tle song and musical spectacle. Volunteer tal-
ent. : See papers for details.
Admission -25 : cents. t Children 15 cents.
TO-DAY WE CELEBRATE!
CHIQUITA
WILL RECEIVE THIS AFTERNOON AND
EVENING COSTUMED IN
THE NATIONAL COL.ORSI
THE OKTCTTES —
■ 10c to all. Including Vaudeville; children, se. 'i\
(\\ VMDIi Corner of M»»on and
UL,im**lA Eddy Streets. :
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
Great now bill of artists. STARKEY and
RATH BUN, • SENORITA INEZ. MLLE. AN-
TONETTE, FRED BROWN, COUCH, MIL-
LER, r. PUNTA ' and others. ' , • ;
' House ; heated. Admission free. .
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIPE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
: SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive. ,
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. .
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and 1:15 P. M. daily.
■ Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning . immediately after
the races. * ' * ■ • "
: ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct Ito track without change.
Fillmore street cars transfer each way. : . — '
S. N. ANDROUS, President. ;
-' F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ■ - ,
COURSING— COURSING
THE STAKE^F THE YEAR!
THE DOGS RUNNING , ,
| , FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP CUPS.
TWO DAYS-TWO DAYS
-■■'■ To-day, 11 A. M. ■ : Wednesday, 11 A.M.
tyi-uDR. JORDAN'S <>*-*
tJL Museum of Anatomy
fl||resl 1051 IU2KT ST. bet. 6th 4 7th, S.P. 0»L
A B -■? ' ,' Th» Largest of It's kind in tns WorU."
1 JwiA BR. JORDAN— Private , Diseases.
Con.olt»tion free. Write tor n«ok ,
Philosophy of Marnag«.
M M _ * MAILED FRKC. - •
78
SENATOR WHITE IS
OUT OF THE RACE
WILL NOT
STAND FOR
RE-ELECTION
A Final and Decisive
Statement of His
Position.
Intends to Devote Himself
Henceforth to the
Law.
Leaves t,he Senate With Regret,
but Will Profit by
Retiring.
HIS LAST FIGHT WON.
Th« Hawaiian Annexation Treaty, He
Says, Is Doomed to Certain
Defeat.
BpeclaJ Pisr-itch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 21.—Sen
ator Stephen M. White is not
a candidate for re-election. The
derisive announcement of his
flnal withdrawal from politics
was made to-night, in an inter
view with The Call correspond
ent. No event of the future, he
says, will alter this intention.
While he has received many as
surances of Democratic Bupport
should he stand for re-election
the interests of himself and of
his family demand that he
thrust aside the possibilities of
future honors and devote him
self to his more profitable law
practice.
In about ten days Senator White will
leave for the north on his way back
to Washington. He will stop in San
Francisco for several days, and will
there meet the Democratic leaders, all
of whom are insistent that the Sena
tor shall stand as a candidate for re
election.
Senator White says that the Ha
waiian treaty is dead. It will never
be favorably acted upon by the United
States Senate. Annexation, in his
judgment, will never be brought about
through the adoption of a joint reso
lution. It could not receive sufficient
support in the House and Senate to in
sure its passage.
The Senator is still firm in his be
lief that there will be no war with
Spain. He does not think any causus
belli has existed or will exist.
When Senator White stepped off the
westbound overland there was quite a
delegation on hand to greet him, most
ly clients, who were desirous of having
a word with him and who did not wish
to take chances on being able to see
him after he had once reached his of
fice, where there was a volume of bus
iness demanding his attention. The
Senator was ;it once driven to his of
fice and later he received the corre
spondent of The Call.
For weeks past the people of the
State have iivn awaiting an answer
from the Senator as to whether or not
he would be a candidate for re-election
to his present position before the Leg
islating of 1899. To a Call correspond
ent the Senator, before his departure
for Washington, made the announce
ment that he did not think he would
be a candidate unless something inter
l between then and February 15
to cause him to change his opinion.
I pon this subject he said this evening:
"I see no reason for altering the de
termination I expressed to The Call be
fore I left Washington, which was to
the effect that 1 would not be a can
didate for re-election. I meant what I
Bald then, and 1 mean it now I then
said that of all the labor I have ever
been called upon to perform, my duties
as Senator o£ the United States are
most pleasant and congenial to me, if
my personal desires were to be consult
ed and if nothing else was to be con
sidered. It will be a sacrifice for me to
leave the Senate, and it will be a sac
rifice for me to return. If my constitu
ents, the people of the State of Cali
fornia, were to desire me to return and
I were to consent, I would be able to
render them much more effective serv
ice on my second term than I did on
my tirst; and, as the work is a pleas
ure to me, it is a sacatice to give it
up.
"On the other hand, if I remain in
the Senate for another term I will leave
it with comparatively nothing. My
law practice will be scattered and my
clientele gone. 1 will have passed the
prime of my life, and my ability to act
for my clients will not be as great as
it is to-day. I have my family to pro
vide, for, and my first duty is to them.
What shall I do? I can see but one
pathway open to me, and that is to
retire from the Senate and resume my
practice. Then another thing: My
family prefers to reside in Los Angeles.
It does not desire me to return to
Washington after the expiration of my
present term.
"From all sides, and more particu
larly from the leaders of the Democrat
ic party in California, have I received
assurances of support if I decided to
make a campaign for re-election. In
fact, they have urged me to stand once
more. Governor James H. Ikuld has
personally assured me that he would do
everything' in his power to secure my
re-election if I would consent. To these
kind friends I feel very grateful, and
it is a desire to comply with their
wishes that causes me to halt in my
wish to temporarily at least retire from
public life.
"Before I go back to Washington I
fWn going to visit San Francisco and
have a conference with my friends. I
will have, however, no further an-
nouncements to make of my candidacy
than I have given to you."
Senator White's failure to stand as
a candidate will come out as a ivet
blanket to Democratic hopo*s and aspi
rations in Southern California. If the
Senator were a candidate the Demo
np«.ts would enter the campaign this
UNITED STATES SENATOR STEPHEN M. WHITE.
year with a great deal of vigor, and the
appeal to the people to elect Demo
crats to the Legislature to re-elect
White would have unusual force. But
if White is not a candidate Southern
California will have no Democratic
aspirant for the honor who will cut any
figure in the contest and there will,
therefore, be lacking the inspiration a
local candidate always arouses with
which to rally the somewhat scattered
forces of the Democracy. White can
bring them together, but no other
Democrat can.
Speaking of the Hawaiian treaty-
Senator White said:
"The Hawaiian treaty is doomed. It
will never receive the two-thirds ma
jority necessary in the Senate to ef
fect its passage. I speak by the card,
for we have polled the vote and know
exactly where we stand. I was agreed
upon as the leader of the forces op
posed to annexation. Before I left we
had a little consultation and Senator
Faulkner was agreed upon as the proper
man to act in my place in my absence.
He is a very able and tactful man,
possessed of all the necessary knowl
edge of the subject to handle it and to
meet all arguments of those favoring
the treaty. He is at the same time able
as a parliamentarian to meet our
friends, the enemy.
"The treaty was, of course, discussed
in executive session, and what trans
pired in the way of discussion of the
subject never reached the people. This
was a matter of great regret to us who
were of the opposition. We made an
earnest endeavor to have the doors
opened during its discussion, but we
did not succeed. There existed really
no reason why they should not be
opened, and there were many reasons
why they should. The people of the
country, taken as a whole', really know
nothing about this matter. I have
found that wherever it is discussed
and they become fully posted as to the
facts they are opposed to it. I should
have liked very much to have had the
arguments against and for annexation
made during the executive sessions of
the Senate gone before the people of
the United States. During the dis
cussion with closed doors nothing of a
sensational nature transpired, and if
there had been it would have leaked
out almost as soon as it was uttered or
developed in the executive session.
Executive sessions of the Senate are
now executive only in name.
"It the treaty should come up for ap
proval during my absence it would
make no difference, as I have two votes
in favor of the treaty paired with me.
•"As soon as the treaty is defeated, I
am inclined to think an endeavor will
be made to annex Hawaii by joint reso
lution. Should a measure be intro
duced I feel confident that it would be
defeated. It would be open to discus
sion, and it would give us an oppor
tunity which we have not had yet to
educate the country on the subject.
There would be an open debate, and the
whole matter would be presented with
the invincible arguments we have
against the proposition, to annex these
islands. The result of this debate, I am
certain, would be the defeat of the joint
resolution.
"With regard to the disastrous catas
trophe to the Maine In Havana harbor
the other day, I see no reason to change
the views I expressed at Chicago. There
is no cause as yet for any war with
Spain, and I do not think there will be
any. The affair looks to me at this
distance as though it was purely an
accident, and I do not see how it can be
regarded in any other light until we are
in possession of evidence to the con
trary. That can be given us only by
the naval board of inquiry. There is no
reason for any war scare, and there
will be no conflict at arms between the
United States and Spain."
The Senator gave an exhibition of
true Senatorial courtesy in what lie
said of Marcus A. Hanna of Oh»o. He
was questioned as to the possibility of
Mr. Hanna losing his seat in the Sen
ate, and he said: "I feel very delicate
about speaking for publication in re
gard to a matter of this kind. Up to
this time there is nothing before the
United States Senate upon which to
base any question as to the legality of
Mr. Hanna's eiection by the Ohio Legis
lature. If there were it would not be
good form for me to express any opin
ion as to the case or what I thought
about it. I would be called upon to sit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
as a juror to try the case, and certainly
opinions In advance of the evidence I
would be called upon to listen to would
render me ineligible."
The Senator takes a most hopeful
view of the outlook for his party's suc
cess in the elections of 1898 through
out the country, and more particularly
In California. In discussing this fea
ture he said:
".My honest judgment, formed as a
result of association with leaders from
all parts of the country and hearing
reports from every section of the coun
try, is that the sentiment in favor of
bimetallism and the restoration of sil
ver to its old position as a money has
not taken any backward steps since the
Chicago convention of IM>6. On the
other hand, my opinion is that our par
ty is more solidly united than ever be
fore; the principles which were em
bc/died in our national platform of
eighteen months since are stronger in
the minds of the people to-day than
they ever were. In my position as
chairman of the Democratic Congres
sional Committee I have opportunities
of obtaining a great deal of information
on this subject, and I, therefore, speak
with more or less authority.
"The views of Senator James K.
Jones, chairman of the National Com
mittee, so far as they advocate the
union of all the silver forces in the
coming Congressional and State cam
paigns, are generally indorsed by the
Democratic party everywhere. The
gold people will not derive any satisfac
tion from the proceedings of the pres
ent Congress, for, although there is a
solid Republican majority in the House
of Representatives, that body cannot
agree upc/n any affirmative financial
legislation.
"Here in California, I think, the pros
pects for the success of the Democratic
party and its allies could not possibly
be brighter. We are going to carry
this State and by an overwhelming
majority.
"I shall return to Washington in
about ten days, and shall not be in Cal
ifornia again until after the adjourn
ment of Congress. In about eight days
I shall leave for the north, and after
a day or two with my friends there I
shall go on to Washington by the
northern route without again return
ing to Southern California."
The Senator is literally buried be
neath an avalanche of business, and
his friends call upon him in legions.
THOUSANDS AT
THE CITRUS FAIR
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 21.— The Citrus
Fair is still a great drawing card, every
| incoming train bringing visitors by the
score from all points within a radius of
100 miles. There is nothing so fascinat
ing to look upon as an orange tree laden
with its golden fruit, and when the rich
ly colored products of the orange and
| lemon trees are heaped together in great
i pyramids, constructed into buildings,
! fountains and designs of every conceiv
| able shape that art can devise, sur
rounded by elaborate and artistic decora
tions, tropical and wild ower's and other
fruits, they prove an irresistible attrac
tion. In addition there is a local pride
in this semi-tropical belt which has
caused local fairs to become popular.
Providence seems to smile upon Clover
dale. Yesterday being the Sabbath the
I fair was closed, so when the flood gates
of heaven opened early in the morning
to pour forth needed rain it acted as no
detriment to the fair. This morning the
I clouds had rolled ;»way, delightful warm
j spring day followed and to-night the
pavilion was thronged.
This afternoon the Healdsburg Glee
Club of twenty male voices supplied en
tertainment at the pavilion. Flags floated
at half-mast to-day oil over the city in
token of the mourning over the dead
j marines of the Maine. The programme
of the Cloverdale band to-night included
many patriotic airs, which were received
with the wildest applause by the large au
dience, which showed intense anti-Span
ish feeling. "The Star Spangled Banner"
was encored often.
— ~ — _
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
HOME RULE
FOR IRELAND
Local Government Bill
Passes Its First
Reading.
■
Meets No Opposition in the
British House of
Commons.
Hailed as a Great Improvement
Over the Measure of
1892.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— The House of
Commons was crowded to-day when
the Chief Secretary of Ireland, Gerald
Balfour, introduced the Irish local gov
ernment bill. In so doing Mr. Balfour
said he thought it possible the new or
der of things would at first seem a fail
ure, but he believed It would work
through failure to success, which would
be the beginning of better and brighter
days for Ireland.
The Government, Mr. Balfour contin
ued, proposed that the local adminis
tration be distributed between county
councils, urban and rural district coun
cils and boards of election, the election
of which would be by parliamentary
franchise, with the addition of peers
and women. The qualifications and
disqualifications for election of the
councilors would be the same as in
England, except that ministers of religion
would be disqualified from sitting in
the county or district council, the Gov
ernment acting therein in accordance
with precedents.
For the sake of convenience, Mr. Bal
four further explained, the boundaries
of the existing: unions and also of the
ecrunties would be modified and the
county councils would take over the du
ties of grand Juries, but only in fiscal
matters, and would not include crimi
nal jurisdiction or questions of compen
sation for malicious injuries. (Irish
ohs.) The elections for county and
district councils would be triennial, and
all would retire together. The coun
ty councils would be the sole rate-col r
lecting authority, and would control the
expenditures. They would alsa be re
sponsible for dealings with exceptional
distress, and would decide when the re
quests of boards of guardians for out
door relief should be granted. Dublin,
Belfast, Cork, Limerick, Londonderry
and Waterford would be constituted in
dependent county councils. The coun
ty would be responsible for half the ex
tra expenditures.
Mr. Balfour also pointed out that the
bill provided that the occupier was lia
ble to both the county, cess and poor
rate, whether in a town or rural dis
trict, which would involve a readjust
ment of rents, an equal sum to be
granted from the Imperial exchequer
as an agricultural grant. Mr. Balfour
said he thought the bill was based upon
broad, democratic lines.
John Morley, Chief Secretary for Ire
land in the late Liberal administration,
welcomed the bill as being "a genuine
democratic effort."
Timothy Healy, Irish Nationalist,
praised the bill, and Michael Davitt,
Irish Nationalist, threatened opposition
to that part c-f the bill promising relief
to the landlords in the shape of an ag
ricultural grant.
The bill eventually passed its first
reading.
NO MORE
GAMBLING
IN YOLO
Immediate Effect of
the Expose in
The Call.
The County Officials Will
Drive Out the 'Sure-
Thing" Men.
Will Pass Laws Under Which
Prosecutions Can Be
Instituted.
A SERIES OF DENIALS
Persons Involved in the Bribery
Accusations Hasten to Pro
claim Innocence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 21.— The Call's
expose of official corruption in the
town of Washington, Yolo County,
will bring about a complete reforma
tion there and for the first time in
many years the gamblers will be
ABE MORRIS OF WOODLAND.
driven out of the place. District At- j
torney Hopkins, in speaking of The
Call's publication this morning of the
deplorable state of aaffirs in Washing
ton, said:
"For my own protection and in de
fense of my own honor, I shall do
everything in my jpower to procure the
passage of a new ordinance which will
enable the Sheriff to close every game
now running in the town of Washing
ton. At this time, under the present
ordinance, nothing can be done. The
Sheriff of this county has been un
justly criticized for not closing these
gambling houses in Washington; as a
matter of fact there is nothing to pro
hibit the selling of pools from the steps
of the South Methodist Church. I feel
quite certain, however, that at the next
meeting of the board an ordinance will
be passed which will enable the law
officers of Yolo County to close the
games in Washington."
When asked if he had read the state
ment in The Call concerning the prac
tices of bribery, Mr. Hopkins said:
"Yes, I have read them, and while I
am not surprised at the publication, I
must say that the Sheriff of Yolo
County and his deputy, Mr. Brown,
have been unjustly censured. I know
very well that there have been many
rumors afloat involving us all over
there. In speaking for myself I ran
say that I worried at first over these
reports, but of late I have paid little
attention to them. If Mr. Morris ever
received any money for me I can only
say that he did so without my au
thority or consent. I do not believe
that he ever did. Mr. Morris is my
friend politically and that is probably
the reason why our names have been
associated together."
"Did Mr. Morris ever act for you on
any matter pertaining to the pool
room and gambling house in Washlng
! ton?"
"Not with my consent."
"Did you ever talk to Mr. Morris
about such matters?"
"We never exchanged a word."
"When was your attention first called
to the situation of affairs in Washing
ton?"
"A long time ago. I tried to convict
some faro players over there, but they
demanded a jury and were acquitted.
By the way, one of Mr. Castleman's
brothers "was on this same jury- and,
if I remember rightly, he had a cousin
or two. This man Castleman subse
quently swore to a warrant, and I told
him I could not make the ordinance
stick, but for him not to dismiss the
case and I would secure the passage
of a new one. He went, notwithstand
ing my suggestion, and had the case
dismissed."
"Why was this amended ordinance
not passed?"
"It was my own fault. I had some
other matters to attend to and neg
lected it. I will see to it, however,
when the board meets next month; and,
as I said before, I am quite certain
that a new ordinance will be passed
which will be legal and one which can
not be avoided on constitutional
grounds."
Abe Morris, who was present while
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's ia a true,
beaut i fier , whose effects are lasting. j
Mr. Hopkins was speaking, said:
"If I were in your place I would do
it. Of course when the games stop it
takes money out of my pocket, but I
can get along without it if I am com
pelled to."
"How do the games put money In
your pocket?" he was asked.
"Well, it is like this," Mr. Morris re
plied. "Rider and Daroux give me 10
per cent of every dollar I send to play
on the races. It makes no difference
whether thj persons sending it win
or lose. I get my 10 per cent just the
same, and of course I would like to
see the games go on."
"Then you did have some interest in
the protection of the gamblers?"
"Yes, I have always been a gambling
man myself and have always looked
out for their interests when I could, i
am making about $100 every month and
I would naturally feel like doing what
I could for them. What money I make
is legitimate."
Deputy Sheriff Brown was then seen
and made the following statement:
"In the first place, I believe this is a
trick to injure me in my political am
bitions, and I believe some one is be
ing well paid for it. I was seen with
Morris in Washington and afterwards
in Sacramento, but I never made a de
mand on any one for a cent and every
word of Castleman's story so far as I
am concerned is a lie. The time
when Castleman says he saw me with
Morris was when we happened to be
together in Washington and not a word
was said by us in the way of demand
ing money."
"Did you ever demand money from
George Vice?"
"I did not."
"Did you ever demand money from
George Green?"
"I did not."
"Was there any arrangement or un
derstanding ever entered into between
you and Abe Morris?"
"No."
Sheriff Griffin was equally emphatic
in his denial of every charge involving
him.
"Some days ago," said he, "a young '
man came to me in Woodland and said
be wanted to open s poolroom in Wash- j
ington, and that he wanted to know I
how much it was going to cost him for |
protection. I told him the present or
dinance could not be enforced and he r
required no protection. That is all the
talk I have ever had with any one."
The Sheriff denied that he had been
paid $40 on one occasion in the pool
room at Washington, and further stat
ed that he did not know half of the
people mentioned.
The two Supervisors being out of the
city, Mr. Snyder was telephoned to
from Woodland, the first question be
ing:
"Have you read Castleman's state
ment in to-day's Call?"
"I have," he replied.
"Do you wish to say anything in con
nection with it?"
"I will say nothing, unless it is in
the presence of my attorneys."
That being the case, The Call cor
respondent came to Sacramento, and
later saw Mr. Snyder in the office of
his attorneys, Bruner & Brothers.
Speaking through them, Mr. Snyder
simply said:
"I deny everything that has been
said."
When asked if there was anything
more he wished to say, his attorneys
instructed him to say no more. Mr.
Snyder did say, however, that Mr. Cas
tleman was not responsible for what
he was reported as having said.
"He is wrong in the upper story and
his friends have known it for a long
time," he declared.
The expose in The Call was the chief
topic of discussion all day in Wood
land, Washington and Sacramento. The
Bee to-night published a greater por
tion of the article, but made no com
ment. Whatever may be the extent
of the uneasiness caused by to-day's
publication, there is one thing certain
and that is, the games will soon be
stopped in Tolo County.
J. J. LIVERNASH BURIED
AT HIS CHILDHOOD'S HOME
People of Sonoma County Mourn at
the Grave of the Suicide
Journalist.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 21.— J. J. Liver
nash, late editor of the California For
ester and formerly of the Healdsburg En
terprise, whose tragic end has been re
ported i-n the daily papers, was buried
here to-day in Riverside Cemetery. His
last resting place was chosen here where
he was born and reared and amidst scenes
that he loved so well. Livernash in hid
writings was always loyal to Cloverdale
Sixty members of Healdsburg Lodge'
Knights of Pythias, escorted the remains
from Healdsburg. A large concourse of
Cloverdale friends attended. His younu
widow was formerly Miss Lizzie Schultz
of Cloverdale. Her mother, sisters and
brothers still reside here. The sympathy
of the community is extended to her in
her great sorrow.
The Government's Domain.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
has submitted his report to the Secretary of
the Interior. Compared with last year, It
shows a decrease of 329S homestead entries
aggregating STS.C2S acres. Quite proportionate
to this is the falling oft in general health
when no effort is made to reform irregularit>
of the bowels. This can easily be accom
plished with the aid of Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, also a remedy for malaria, dyspepsia
|____WE^ KENT ALL MAKES- \ ; |
I ;' v A Few Partly] Used Fop Sale;:
I SEND FOR SAMPLES OF WORK ud PRICES.
I L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
I HO . Montgomery St. ;-
>aaVOEWEY,STRONG &CO.>^SV
f* "PATENTS!. ;)
\^33o MARKET ST.S.F. I^'
.': ADVERTISEMENTS.
» WE DO NOT I
I CLAIM I
> i
I THE WORLD WITH A FENCE 4
} AROUND IT, BUT DO £
A CLAIM THAT >
6 Is distinctly a leader in purity and 0
d quality. A strong claim, you say? 0
J Well, drink the beer and you will v S
fi find our claim both modest and a
V truthful. 5
% . Call for Blatz. %
£ See that "Blatz" Is on the Cork, i
HAL. BLATZ BREWING GO J
A MILWAUKEE, WIS. U. S. A. t
% Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers, 5
\ 416-418 Sacramento St. , San Francisco. X
p Telephone Main 416. &
I Philadelphia
1 llllUUUlUilKl
I Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St,
H STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MS*HT .
fi^w #■ "— ■ -' 'Wm ®
%'^* .•' ■ ■'■ ■ ■ - * '< - '-'"-■ s O
o THE COMPOSITE SHOE, g
i% Is the best ever made for a woman at *T
U. $3.' -We want you to see It, for we £);
%k guarantee It and the money will be w
•ft returned if the shoes are not right. <•?
*"* The Composite Shoe combines style. £f
0 durability, comfort, neatness and ele- '
y^ gance. They are made in laced only, 33
y' of a fine vici kid. with new coin toes y-t
£< and kid tips. The soles are ' hand '**
welted, are cork filled, making them £$
& damp-proof, and are free from tacks or
w threads. They are made by Plngree & %<
** Smith. The price, $3, all widths and i-i
»' sizes. ■ g
g KLONDIKE FOOTWEAR o
U, ASPECIALTY. J3
%< «
15 ■ Country orders solicited. *^
Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. £$
£ Address w
O B. KATCHINSKI, g
** PHILADELPHfA SHOE CO., ft
8 10 Third St.. San Francisco. £
GRAND OPENING OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO,'S
New Art Rooms
AT 234 SUTTER ST.,
' Between Kearny and Grant aye. . ;
To be inaugurated by '■.'. "j
: : AUCTION
ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY,
February 23 and 24,
. At 2 and *. 8 p. m. •"»' * I
New, Fine Special Importation of
Oriental Rugs
For this occasion, merely for • advertisement,
will be offered at auction, positively without
reserve.
E7"We being a permanent firm our guaran-
tee is safety to the buyers for the genulnes»ss
and I superiority of our goods. We also offer
the special privilege to exchange the goods
bought from us within the period of one year.
TURKISH RUG COMPANY.
"WM. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
MADE ME A MAN
>CgV AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE |
*B4 ' ~\ ■^■t-t-N***©*** IHs«a*ea— Falling Mem*'
Ks 3f (t 1 °ry, Impotonoy, Sleeple«Bness, etc, caused j
If ,Xl b ' Abase or other Excesses ana India-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE i
ALIj NrTvoim DLteasea — Failing Mam*
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc, catueJ
by Abase or other Excesses ana Indis-
cretions, They qulokly and surel;/
I restore Lost Vitality in old or young, anil ' .
V|v"/^v fit a man for study, bimnoas or marriage.
~4Hi^iSs3> Prevent Insanity and Consumption it 4
taken in time. Their use shows immediate improve- '
ment and •ffecto a CURE where all ether fail In-
«st upon having the genuine Ajiix Tablets. They
nave oared thousands and will cure yon. We give • pos-
itive written guarantee to offset a cure CA PTC in
each case or refund the money. Price wU WI di p«r
package; or six pkues (full treatment) for $Z£o. By
mail, in plain 'Wrcr^er. Hi"" 1 receipt of rrico. Circular
frw - ajax REMPnv co.. '"erri. 0 '?? 1 -'
m^°l sale in San Francisco by Lelpnit* 4 Co.,
ISO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Mkt.
rfJ'sßtaßi»rU-»Tr.<Bß»tv DTIPTIIDP USE no
flßCßasggggjjfcaaa nil I IKE more Iron
K»y. *, [ /"j? Hoops or Steel Springs.
ySSS^i^C^r jSw-W Rupture retained with
' J^^KBEjßßgl^jil: ease and comfort, and
H""j9SKE)*3'^"- thousands radically Cured
If __^^ftS^£ s *"~ 5y Dr. Pierce' 3 Celebrated
H /lEk\ Magnetic Elastic Truss. E7"CaU
» /jffl\ at office or write for New
'Jrf \ Pamphlet No. 1. Address MACI-
m ' NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
DR. PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st. (cor.
Kearny). SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. -, ' :,
CT" When writing please mention The Call.
warm dr. hall's REINVIGORATOR
kjir^M Five hundred reward for any caia
HSB CSS.ve cannot cure. This secret remedy
JT^^H stops nil losses in 21 hours, cures
B_j ■■ Emissions. Impotency, \ uricocele.
™JH mH'-onorrhora Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
[03 Hl""t"ianliood mid all wasting ef-
HM KBa •' ■,-t-;o' ! .,.lf-iit>'i--"r <xr-esses. Sent
qFv-WVJFi' " <!>■ i J' iv.tlle: 3 bottles. Jo: guar
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY, i
/ OFFICE,
_^^ 1004. Market St,
] Sear Powell.
Telephone, So-atlx 4ao,IS STILL GROWING IN FAVOR.
Popular Interest Increasing in the Proposed Semi-Centennial Exposition to Mark the Fiftieth Milestone
in the History of California as a State.
3-ovemor ILorcL of Oregon Approves of tlie Movement — Committees StLOialol
Be Appointed, to Commence "Work.
Public interest is daily Increasing 1 in
the proposed semi-centennial exposition
to be held here In 1900 to commemorate
the fiftieth anniversary of theadmission
of California into the Union. The pro
position meets with general approval,
for no one can dispute the fact that an
exhibition of our products and resources
■vv-iuld prove of great value, not only to
California, but to all the coast States.
We have already received assurances
of aid from neighboring States; the
latest one to add words of encourage
ment being Governor Lord of Oregon.
A letter received from his private sec
retary yesterday assures California of
his best wishes for success.
There is no time to lose in getting
down to the preliminary work, for a
year and a half is not any too long to
make the exposition a success. It will
first be necessary to have a committee
appointed to map out plans for carry-
Ing out the project. Mayor Phelan
pays that he will appoint such a com
mittee when he is certain that the men
he will appoint will enter into
the movement with spirit and
not falter until the exposition is
made a success. The committee can be
enlarged from time to time as the work
progresses, so as to not throw too
much responsibility on the shoulders of
a few.
Governor Budd will also be asked to
appoint a committee of prominent busi
ness men from the several counties of
the State, so that there will be a work
ing body in each county. An appeal to
the next State Legislature for an ap
propriation would undoubtedly meet
with a prompt and hearty response.
There is no reason why the semi-cen
tennial exposition should not be made
a success and one worthy of the occa
sion it will commemorate.
UNDERTAKING
VERY GREAT.
Will Require a Man of Brains
and Unquestioned Ability
at Its Head.
WENDELL EASTON— The idea of
marking the semi-centennial of the ad
mission of California into the Union
in some distinctive manner, is good.
The proposed exposition, however, is
an undertaking: of such magnitude that
it would be well to give the subject
SOME OF GEORGE GREEN'S FANCY BLOWS AND GUARDS.
The Crack Welter-Weight Gives an Exhibition With Choynski Before Members of the Olympic Club
George Green, the champion welter
weight pugilist of California, who will
meet Tommy Ryan, the crack welter
weight of New York, in Woodward's
Pavilion on Friday evening, boxed yes
terday afternoon with Joe Choynski in
"SHALL WE
FORGIVE HER?"
Maudlin Melodrama That
Is Quite Unfor-
givable.
Miss Marie Wainwright, Too,
Is Very Much to Be
Regretted.
A Real Comic Opera «t the Tivoli.
Timely Sensation at Moroseo's.
Vaudeville.
Miss Marie Wainwright appeared at
the Columbia last night as the wronged
heroine of a play by the inquisitive title
of "Shall We Forgive Her?" The piece
is a maudlin English melodrama,
anonymous and rankly unforgivable.
In the lobby its authorship was
vaguely attributed to Frank Harvey,
%vho, if guilty, is to be congratulated
that his name does not figure in the
play bill.
I thought that after the weeks and
weeks and weeks we have had of noth
ing but farce, vaudeville and Jingle,
anything in the nature of a serious
nlay would be as a tonic— but this one
careful attention before fixing upon
some specific plan. The pulse of the
community would, of course, indicate
whether or not the support of the bus
iness interest of San Francisco could
be relief upon not only to assist" in
promoting the exposition, but to see
that it is made a success.
From my experience with the Mid
winter Fair I know that a great
amount of real, hard work will be ne
cessary. It will require a great deal
of time on the part of men of ability
and persistence to secure the money
with which to open the exposition.
The head of the exposition must be
a man of pronounced firmness and
great executive ability. In such a
position it requires both brains and
stamina. Such a man must be found.
Personally I would be more than
pleased to see these proposed plans car
ried out, and I will not be backward
in assisting to the best of my ability,
but not as a member of the committee
having the affair in charge. I believe
that it would be well to have a new
element represented in the manage
ment.
I hope the holding of an exposition
will be the means of uniting all inter
ests, those of the newspapers as well
as of business men. If this can be
accomplished we can have a celebra
tion worthy of the occasion. ■ It would
indeed be the dawning of an era of
prosperity.
ALL ARE PROUD
OF CALIFORNIA
The Golden Wedding to the
Union Should Be Properly
Commemorated.
COUNTY CLERK CURRY— By all
means let us have an exposition on the
lines suggested by The Call. We have
every reason to be proud of our State,
and our golden wedding to the United
States should be properly and fittingly
celebrated. We should start the work
of organization without further delay.
The Native Sons have been working for
months to get up a grand festival for
1900, and they would assist in carry
ing out the exposition project. We have
no time to lose. It should be a matter
of btate pride — yes, of coast pride, to
get up an exposition that will properly
draw attention to our wonderful re
sources. What benefits California bene
fits the entire Pacific Slope. We have
the assurances of the Governors of ad
joining States that they will aid us in
carrying the movement to a successful
issue. We should start the work at
once, for it will take months of time
the gymnasium of the Olympic Club.
Green's pet blows, as may be seen by
a glance at the pictures herewith rep
resented, are "left lead for the body,"
a "right at body in a clinch with one
arm free," "left-hand swing for head"
Is four acts too many for me. Of all
the pleas that dramatists have made
for the lady with the stained past,
"Shall We Forgive Her?" is the worst
that I can. put on record. It has not
even the merit of unconscious humor.
It is an endless orgie of tears and
moans aggravated by spasms of
funereal "comic relief."
Grace, the heroine, is left an orphan
and goes to her sweetheart in the wilds
of Queensland. He neglects the formal
ity of marriage, and when she thwarts
his attempts to rob a young engine-r
to whom she had given shelter, he pub
licly insults her in the presence of his
companions, whereupon she flies back
to London. There she marries a vir
tuous and uninteresting person who
knows nothing of her past. But the
villain still pursues her, exacts hush
money, and the transaction is over
heard by hubby's housekeeper, who
gives the whole thing away. As a
climax the husband goes indignantly
blind. And this results in another act
in which the tearful heroine resorts lo
literature as a means of secretly sus
taining blind popper and their child.
And then — forgiveness and melancholy
felicity.
The acting calls for no comment.
With the exception of Henry Napier,
who contrives to secure several mo
ments of humanness in the part of the
young engineer, the company deserves
the piece. Miss Wainwright has seen
better days, but there was nothing to
suggest the fact in her monotonous
work of last night. She rubbed In the
atrocities of the concealed author.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Baldwin.
The Bostonians commenced the second
week of "The Serenade" with every pros
pect of duplicating the immense patron
age of last week. "Robin Hood" Is In
preparation for next Monday.
Alcazar.
"Charley's Aunt" entered the last of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
and earnest labor to arrange for an
exposition that would properly com
memorate the semi-centennial anni
versary of our State's admission into
the Union.
ARE SLOW IN
ADVERTISING
California's Resources Are Not
Properly Presented Before
the World.
HARBOR COMMISSIONER HAR
NEY-I am heartily in favor of an ex
position in 1900, and will cheerfully aid
in making it a success. We have been
too slow in advertising California to the
world. The Midwinter Fair proved a
grand success, and an exposition such
as has been advocated by The Call will
prove a far greater success. Many
thousand people were attracted here by
the Midwinter Fair, and many of them
remained with us. Our climate and re
and "a right-hand cross-counter."
Green expects to enter the ring at
154 pounds. He will handicap Ryan by
about six pounds in weight. With his
stockings on Green stands 5 feet 7%
inches, and Ryan's height is 5 feet 7%.
three successful weeks. "False Shame"
is the attraction to follow.
Ga!iforr\ia.
A fair audience seemed to justify the
extra week devoted to Black Patti's
Troubadours. Hogan, as usual, was the
hit of the performance.
Ghutes.
This Is positively the next to the last
week of Chiquita. A Mg vaudeville bill
is the attraction at the free theater.
Tiv'oli.
Millocker's tuneful opera is on for a
week at the Tivoli, and when the com
pany gets more Into the swing and go
of the action and more at home with
the music it will present a performance
that Is up to the standard of the house.
It is a little odd, these days, to see Stev
ens in a comedy role that Is not gro
tesque, for In the "Vice Admiral" he
suggests his younger days In the more
legitimate comic operas. As Don Mira
bolante he has not his usual monopoly,
but quite enough for an admirable evi
dence of versatility. Raffael and Tillie
Salinger were especially acceptable to the
audience. Leary, as the Donna Quesada,
rather forces the comedy.
That "The Geisha" will be given a
sumptuous revival next week will be good
news for many.
Orpheum.
Five new acts entertain Orpheum goers
this week. Lima Pantzer, the high wire
artist, does some remarkable feats which
are new. The Carl Damman acrobatic
troupe, and M. C. Lawrence with his
bicycle tricks, present novelties In their
lines which are good, and George W. Day
does a monologue skit that is out of the
ordinary. The sketch of Matthews and
Harris is very laughable.
Morosco's.
The sensation of the hour was turned
to profitable account last night by Man
ager Morosco, who presented for the first
sources so favorably impressed them
they decided to make California their
wme. The Trans-Mississippi Congress
it Omaha next summer promises to be
i success, and we should emulate the
good example set by Nebraska. Of
course, it will take time and labor to
set up the exposition, but no public
3pirlted citizen will be found faltering
when the time comes for all to put a
shoulder to the wheel.
THE BENEFITS
INCALCULABLE
A Permanent Exposition Should
Be Maintained to Educate
Visitors.
LICENSE COLLECTOR BONNET—
There is no doubt that an exposition in
1900 would prove of almost incalculable
benefit to California and the Pacific
Coast. It would be the means of bring
ing our resources properly befort the
The men have agreed to fight at jatch
weights and hit in a clinch with one
arm free. Jim McDonald, the baseball
umpire, or the "Hon." Hiram Cook will
be selected to referee the fistic
game.
time here "The Last Stroke," a melo
drama written in glorification of the
Cuban struggle and Involving much Am
erican valor and patriotism. There is a
scene in which an American citizen, Mor
timer Snow, would be burned to death by
the foreign villains but for the timely in
terference of Fred Butler and Landers
Stevens. And there is another scene in
which a ship is blown up that drives the
audience into a frenzy of applause. Harry
Mainhall is the Spanish villain this week,
and his impersonation Is complimented by
many hisses. Landers Stevens Is the good
padre, and his speech about the freeing
of Cuba is the signal for hearty applause.
Butler Is the United States Consul, and
is loyally receiv. d. and Mortimer Snow
Is a rather subdued civilian of the same
nationality. Maud Edna Hall, Julia Blanc
und Queen Pursell are prominent among
the feminine fharacters. The scenery
does particularly well this week
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
Senator Sharon's Nepaew.
C. H. Davis, nephew of the late Senator
Sharon, and Ned Foster, charged with
petty larceny in obtaining $50 from the
manager of the St. Nicholas Hotel on a
worthless check, were arraigned in Judge
Joachimsen h court yesterday morning.
The defendants asked «for a continuance
till to-morrow, and it was granted By
that time it is expected everything will
be smoothed ovor.
No Robbery Proved.
Henry Harris, night bartender in the
saloon in the What Cheer House on Sac
ramento street, charged with robbery by
T. J. McCormick of Sacramento, had his
case dismissed by Judge Low yesterday.
McCormick swore positively that Harris
forcibly held him and took his purse con
taining $21, out of his pocket, but several
witnesses for the defense swore that they
were in the saloon at the time and noth
ing of the kind occurred. Harris was de
fended by Attorney Treadwell.
The "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil will out
last three others. Try It, •
entire world. Many who have not the
time or money to visit the World's FaU*
would visit us, as we are within easy
reach of the furthermost point in the
United States. For my part, I believe
that we should have a permanent ex
position, when those who come here
yearly to escape the rigors of the East
ern winter would find something to in
struct as well as amuse them. The
semi-centennial exposition will prove a
great success.
PROMPT ACTION
NOW REQUIRED
A Committee Should Be Ap-
pointed Within a Few Days
to Arrange the Details.
SUPERVISOR C. A. CLINTON— An
exposition on the lines suggested by
The Call would prove of benefit not
alone to California, but to the entire
Pacific Slope. We have everything at
PRIMARY LAW
ON APPEAL
Question Carried From
Tulare County to the
Supreme Court.
T. V. Cator Attacks Its Consti
tutionality, but Is
Defeated.
F. S. Stratton, Who Framed the Law,
Appears in Its Defense and
Argues Forcibly.
The case of Charles A. Spier vs. Rob
ert Baker et al. was submitted In the
Supreme Court yesterday, and Its de
cision will settle the fate of the new
primary law passed in the Legislature
last year.
T. V. Cator appeared for the appel
lant and F. S. Stratton, father of the
law, appeared as amicus curiae.
The act, Mr. Cator said, aside from
being in conflict with several provi
sions of the constitution, was an ex
tensive burden upon the people, and
was also a law well devised to assist
political trickery, to disfranchise vot
ers and promote political despotism;
The provision that in 1898 and every
four years thereafter there shall be a
general primary election for the selec
tion of delegates to the State and dis
trict conventions to nominate candi
dates to be voted for at the next gen
eral election was taken up, and Mr.
Cator said that as such a convention
could only be held once in four years,
and in the intermediate Presidential
years, the State conventions could only
nominate Congressmen and district
nominees. There was no method of
nominating a Justice of the Supreme
Court or any State officer In Presiden
tial years.
The question of compelling election
officers to serve without remuneration, '
he claimed, was depriving a man of his
property without due process of law,
as a man's time was equal to his prop
erty. This error he dwelt on at con
sklerable length. He wound up by de
claring that it was not in the power of
the State to donate public moneys to
provide ways to help persons to nomi
nation to office.
Attorney Stratton, for the constitu
tionality of the act, met every argu
ment advanced by Mr. Cator, and after
dealing with the general scope of the
law as provided in the act, he took up
Mr. Cator's constitutional points seri
atim and argued them at length. As to
the point which has caused more public
criticism than any other, perhaps,
namely, that the labeling of the boxes
destroys the secrecy of the ballot, Mr.
Stratton declares that the act of vot
ing at a Republican or Democratic box
no more stamps a man as a Republican
or Democrat than the act of voting at
a Republican or Democratic primary on
separate days. In either oase the voter
indicates his politics, and the new law
no more violates the secrecy of the bal
lot than the old.
In a general line of argument sweep
ing In its force the objections ad
hand that would be required to make
the exposition a grand success. The
fact that the World's Fair at Paris
will also be held in 1900 should not in
any way deter us from carrying out the
project. Every one is in favor of the
movement, and no time should be lost
in getting ready for the event. A com
mittee should be appointed within the
next few days to take the matter in
hand and arrange the preliminary de
tails. By concerted action we should
be able to present an exposition that
would make the semi-centennial anni
versary of California's admission into
the Union a grand historical event.
SUGGESTIONS
OF INTEREST.
A Hotel Man's Ideas— Fraternal
and Other Societies Should
Participate.
EDWARD HOLLAND, proprietor of
the Commercial Hotel— The prelimin
ary course of The Call has been of in
estimable value in promoting the hold
ing of an exposition in 1900 commemo
rative of the semi-centennial of the ad
mission of California into the Union. I
fully agree that the proposed plan of
making the exposition a grand affair
is the best way of marking the fiftieth
milestone in the history of the State.
I would suggest that the Governor
of the State be called upon to issue
invitations to the Mayors of the dif
ferent cities in California and also the
chairman of the Board of Supervisors
of each county, they to meet in San
Francisco for the purpose of formu
lating plans of organization.
The scope of the exposition should
take in the whole coast, but conducted
under the patronage of the State of
California and should be planned broad
enough to be both non-political and
non-sectarian.
I suggest further that all fraternal
and other societies be communicated
with, with a view of having them con
sider the abvisability of fixing the date
of holding their annual sessions to
come within a period during which the
exposition will be held. This would
not only aid materially in attracting,
many people to the exposition, but
would also give the different societies
an opportunity to have special days
at the fair in which to make demon
strations representative of the society.
To illustrate: The Masonic frater
nity could have a day, the Odd Fellows
another day, the Knights of Pythias
vanced by Cator were brushed aside
as being trifling in their character as
against the good that would follow the
law as contemplated by the Legislature
when passing the bill.
At 4 o'clock the case was submitted.
SAD CASE OF INSANITY.
Mrs. Allie Ogilvie Sent to the Asy-
lum at Napa the Second Time
Mrs. Allle Ogilvie, niece of the late Dr.
Luke Robinson, who resided at the Fair
mount Hotel, was committed to the asy
lum for the Insane at Napa yesterday.
The case of Mrs. Ogilvie is in many re
spects a sad one. She imagines that she
is the victim of a conspiracy to get her
out of the way, and in the strange con
dition of her mind her suffering Is as
intense as though enemies were in fact
plotting against her liberty and her life.
When told that she had been committed
the patient wept bitterly and protested
against the action of the Insanity Com
missioners. Mrs. Ogilvie has been in the
asylum before, and it is now thought
that her delusion will result in a com
plete breaking down of her mind, and
will forbid her release during this life.
In the Divorce Courts.
Nancy G. Leon was granted a divorce
from her husband, George Leon, yester
day on the ground of willful desertion.
The plaintiff was allowed to resume her
maiden name, Nancy G. Gray. Sarah M.
Connell was granted a decree of divorce
from W. B. Connell on the ground of in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CX)OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOCX>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOCX)0000000000
Men Who Have Preserved
Men Who Have Preserved
HH E9S' I hAll* HmilAt"
■■oj Their Power.
n^^^mH '-■ 111 Urn I I 1^ lIMI la I
BHBHfI lIIVI I I (ill Vl I
■ : lLSfci:' Vitality is such a boon! It makes
a man happy because it fills his heart with
gladness, his nerves with fire and his blood
with that vigorous force of energy that de-
notes the presence of fulsome, manly power.
GET BACK YOUR OLD VIGOR.
If you feel played out, your nerves weak and
your strength failing, try that wonderful re-
juyenator, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. The
greatest men in the country have been re-
stored by it, and they testify to their cures in
Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men,"
which is free by mail or at the office.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 630 M^^^^^ r a^ l8 co.
'-• Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles, : Ca1.. ".••
.204 South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington st; Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth -;
•t. ; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main st. . '
NOTE-Make no mistake in the number— 63o ■ MARKET STREET. . .
another, the Y. M. I. a day, the Na
tional Guard a day, as well as such
other societies as can be induced to
participate, and last but not least the
ever-present, always willing' and pro
gressive Native Sons would have Sep
tember 9 for their day.
Upon the conclusion of the celebra
tion I would suggest that a book be
compiled giving a history of the prog
ress of California. It would be a good
idea to have each county compile such
matter about its county as will be
specially applicable to the interests
represented therein, the book to con
tain no individual or corporate adver
tising.
The idea of the book Is to furnish
reliable data regarding the resources
and industries of the State and to put
the same in such form that the attrac
tions of each county could easily be
referred to. It should be a well-bound
volume which would be preserved for
years to come and be placed in every
public library in the world.
WILL RECEIVE
AMPLE SUPPORT
A* Large Exposition Would Draw
Visitors From All Parts of
the World.
AN EXPOSITION FOR 1900.
Merced Evening Sun.
The San Francisco Call has taken up
the matter of holding a semi-centen
nial exposition in San Francisco in
1900, to commemorate the admission of
California into the Union. It is to be
on the style of the Midwinter Fair,
but more extensive. 'ihis proposition
should and no doubt will receive sup
port from every section of the State.
Several little one-horse celebrations
have been held in San Francisco during
the past few years, all designed to draw
suckers in from the country to boom,
business in the city for a few days.
But the proposition of holding a
fair or exposition in 1900 on such a
large scale as would attract people
from all over the United States will be
looked upon with favor by the country
people of California. While the Mid
winter Fair was a great thing for San
Francisco, it was also a great thing for
the whole State, and brought many
thousands of Easterners to the Pacific
Coast. Something of the same sort in
1900 would be the means of brining
many people and much capital to the
State permanently, and every section
of the State would be benefited.
temperance. The action of Samuel A.
Wells against Alma M. Wells is now on
trial before Judge Seawell. and a decision
is expected to-day. Mrs. Wells appeared
in court yesterday with her children, five
in number, and made many charges of
cruelty against her husband as a de
fense to his allegations.
PINCHED HER ARMS.
T. R. Simpson was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with battery.
The complaining witness is his wife,
Theresa, who alleges that on Sunday af
ternoon her husband met her on Geary
street and insulted her by pinching her
arms and almost tearing her cape from
her shoulders. She had been married two
years, but owing to her husband's con
duct she left him about two months ago
and has since been living with her mother
at 523 Pine street.
Simpson is a son of the late Dr. James
Simpson, and through his father's death
fell heir to considerable property. He de
nies the assault upon his wife, and says
it is a case of spitework. He was released,
on his own recognizance by Judge Conlan.
Red Men to Banquet.
James A. Filcher, secretary of the
Board of Trade, will deliver an oration
at a banauet to be given to-night by
the Red Men in their hall on Post street,
and other prominent members of th»
o'rder will speak. James Fowzer, Porter
L. Bliss and Charles A. Reynolds are in
charge of th 1 * arrangements, and they,
promise a very pleasant time.
910
NOLTING
TALKS FOR
THE GANG
Scurrilous Attack on
Citizens of San
Jose.
:Creature of the Bosses A s
sails the New Char
ter Club.
Vents His Spleen on All Who
Have Opposed Bood
ling Methods.
'THE SCULLY CASE GOES ON
JCounciLmen Delay the Investigation
of the Charges Preferred
Against Them.
'1 Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 21.— Through
the mouth of Councilman Nolting the
"gang" discharged its first political
broadside of slander and general moral
filth to-night. The Council chamber
was the scene, and the mud batteries
were aimed at the New Charter Club,
Its members and probable candidates
end The ("all and other newspapers
"that are aiding in the fight for good
government. Nolting has made It his
Jproud boast that he is a member of the
gang, and is prouder still of the fact
that he has never refused to follow
the gang programme, no matter how
.-Utterly against public good it might
be or how bitter it might be to him
eelf. No political boss ever found a
more pliant and subservient tool than
t! 11 ' 0 name Nolting.
1 The pretext he used for defaming
lome of the best and most reputable
citizens of San Jose and the organiza
tion to which they belong was the
proposed investigation of Police Officer
John H. Scully. Instead of standing
the fire of an investigation Scully sent
iv his resignation. On the motion of
Councilman Julius Krieg, one of the
Councilmen accused of having re
ceived part of the bribe money paid
for Scully's position, the resignation
was laid over for consideration until
later. Krieg then moved that the in
vestigation be taken up, and this mo
tion was carried.
It was at this Juncture that Nolting
took the opportunity to do the dirtiest
imaginable kind of politics for the
gang. He took cowardly advantage of
his official position to calumniate and
defame absent men. He brought his
alleged honor and his "mother's proud
head bowed down in shame" Into the
situation in a way that made every lis
tener have only added pity for the
mother and only deep contempt for the
son. And all this was done at the be
hest of the gang.
Nolting's record is notoriously crook
ed, as incontrovertible* shown by the
records. More than one big sum of
money has been illegally taken out of
the city treasury, and the tax-payers
of San Jose been thus robbed by the
aid of his vote. The individuals he
singled out for attack "were H. E. Schil
ling, the president of the New Charter
Club; J. P. Jarman and A. K. Whitton,
two of the gentlemen named as possible
candidates for Mayor on the New Char
ter Club ticket; W. B. Hardy and (_}. W.
Peckham. Mayor Koch also came in
for a jolt from Nolting's tongue.
No one expected that the gang would
; resort to any other than a campaign
of mud-slinging and villiflcation, but
few thought to see it show its hand bo
early ir. the fight. It is argued from the
sang'F early entry into the arena that it
already feels its weakness in the coming
election, and is therefore starting in
betimes to blind the real issues and
eituation.
No one but a man permeated with
the vicious virus of the gang would
Jiave the foolhardiness and indecency
to thus make an onslaught on the New
Charter Club and seek to injure it, and
thereby the cause of good government
for San Jose. People are trying to
.guess to-night who was* engaged to
write the document which Nolting
read before the Council to-night.
Not the least amusing feature of the
performance before the Council was
Nolting'3 spasmodic efforts at decla
mation. His attempted simulation of
indignation against the Mayor toward
the close was particularly embarrass
ing to the audience. His words were as
follows:
Your Honor and Gentlemen of the Coun
cil: This is the time set for the Investi
gation of the charges against Police
Officer Scully, who stands accused of
having obtained his position on the po
lice force through the bribery of at least
two members of the Council by which he
•was elected. In view of the fact that
this charge has been made the subject
of wide public interest and of large sen
sational comment in the pages of the
fjress, and in view of the fact also that
t has been made the occasion for an in
discriminate assault not only upon the
fair name of our city, but also upon the
individual characters of members of this
Council. I deem it the proper time and
place to make certain remarks upon a
question of privilege, during the course
of which I hope to clear the atmosphere
of all uncertainty with reference to who
are responsible for any malfeasance in
office and for any disgrace which may
have fallen upon this city by reason of
past or present mismanagement of her
public affairs.
I claim the right to indulge in these re
marks at this time for the reason that I
have been included in the general attack
upon the members of the City Council of
San Jose, and I have come to a time
when I do not propose to longer sit silent
In the hearing and presence of dastardly
assaults upon my personal character, nor
do I propose to permit such attacks to
be made without giving some facts so
that the people of this community may
• ciearly understand who It is that is re
sponsible for -any past misgovernment of
her affairs, and also who should be held
accountable for any present attacks upon
her reputation as a well governed city.
I have been a member of this Council
for the past four years, and I have at all
times endeavored to fulfill the trust re
posed in me with the utmost fidelity and
honor. I have lived in this community
all my life and 1 have established. I
firmly believe, a reputation for integrity
in the conduct of my business affairs. I
am endeavoring to acquire a like repu
tation in the profession which I have
chosen and for which I prepared myself
while still engaged In another occupation.
My family resides in this city and my
mother believes her son to be an honest
man, and I do not propose, at this late
hour of life, to have her proud head
bowed down in shame .it my lack of
courage in defending the right. I do not
now propose to have any character-assas
sins, whether they be disappointed poli
ticians banded together in a political club
for the purpose of again gaining control
to fleece the city, or members of the
press actuated by motives which they
dare not divulge, make any assault
upon me involving my public or private
honor without proclaiming my defense.
In the first place, Mr. Mayor and gen
CHARLES E. KNIGHT.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Charles E. Knight of San Francisco, son of
Colonel George A. Knight, was to-day notified by Comptroller of the
Currency Dawes of his selection as National Bank Examiner for the State
of. California. Mr. Knight has been :n the employ of the Crocker-Wool
worth Company of San Francisco for a number of years, having entered
their service as a messenger, and is now one of the bookkeepers. He had
the recommendation of President Crocker and Cashier Kline, and was re-
commended for the appointment vy Senator Perkins also. Colonel Knight,
who is now in Washington, said that his son would leave San Francisco
to-night to receive his instructions from the department.
Charles E. Knight was bom in this city twenty-six years ago. He re
ceived his education in the public school's, completing it in the Boys' High
School (now the JLowell High School), ot! Sutter street. He left for New
York to-night, accompanied by his father.
tlemen of the Council, let it be remem- i
bered that at the time John H. Scully
was elected a member of the police force
of this city the City Council which elect- I
e<l him was composed of eight men, a
majority of whom was necessary to the '
election of a member of the police force. !
Why is It now, when Policeman John H. |
Scully stands accused as either the giver
of bribes or a victim of extortion, that
all the members of that majority who
selected him are not accused of crime?
The reason, gentlemen, is, that some of
the former members of the Council are
not now in office, but some of tliom at j
least are endeavoring by devious political !
methods to get back into office, and these I
and their allies in crime are willing to j
cast any stain upon the characters of I
their former associates or the fair name
of the city in order to gain their ends.
We are all aware that the election of
the city officers is about to take place,
and that the offices of Mayor and Coun
cilmen are more remunerative under the
new charter than they were under the
old. They are. therefore, more sought
after by fhe chronic office holders and
political pap-suckers of our city. In or
der to obtain them these political para
sites have banded together under the
sweet-sounding name of the Charter Club.
I do not mean to charge that every mem
ber of that club or even a large portion of
Its members are of that class, but I do
mean to say. and 1 expect to clearly
prove, that the leaders ana prominent
members and manipulators of its politics
are the same old set of soreheads, the
same old gang of office seekers, the same
old crowd of chronic feasters at the pub
lic crib, who in the past have been large
ly guilty for any mismanagement that
there may have been of civic affairs; who
have been willing to be the assassins of
character on all occasions, and who are
largely responsible for any stain which
their reputation put on our city.
Let us analyze this Charter Club and
see who and what its leaders are: Who
i« its president? H. E. Schilling. Who
is H. E. Schilling? He is the man who
became Mayor of this city by an accident,
and who, by his slavish subserviency to a
certain corporation and by his watchful
mismanagement of the city's affairs, had
iiunk so low in public estimation by the
time his time expired that he is only now
beginning to emerge from the deserved
oblivion Into which lie ran. The records
of this Council show that under his ad
ministration, and by his approval, a con
tract for street sweeping was granted for
a term of three years to his political as
sociates, Thomas Bodley and others, un
der iiie fictitious name of Maguire, which
raised the enormous sum of $900 a month,
and when he had less streets to sweep than
we have now. It Is also a matter of
public record that the fire engine property
on Third street was purchased during his
administration, and that the cost of re
pairing the old house on the property was
far in excess of what, under proper man
agement, the cost of a new engine-house
would have been. H. E. Schilling was
nominated for Councilman of the Fourth
Ward by the deciding vote cast by an em
ploye of the San Jose Water Company,
and he was elevated to the office of Mayor
by manipulators of the same corporation,
lie did its bidding durinp his entire term
of office as Councilman and as Mayor.
He is doing its bidding now, when he is
acting president of the Charter Club and
is endeavoring, through that organization,
to bring about the election of a Council
which will be subservient to the will arid
interests of the San Jose Water Company.
Who is another of the purifying leaders
of this Charter Club? W. B. Hardy. Who
is W. B. Hardy? \V. B. Hardy is the man
who for nearly ten years held the office
of City Attorney of this city, and now
aspires to occupy it again. He is the man
who, while holding that office, was ac
cused of having accepted money from pri
vate citizens having business with the
city for doing a service for which he had
already been paid out of the public treas
ury. There is something else with refer
ence to W. B. Hurdy which the public
ought to know. He Is another of the
friends and is one of the chief manip
ulators of the San Jose Water Company.
His brother-in-law is the secretary of
that concern, and both in the capacity of
City Attorney and a member of the
charter club Mr. Hardy is doing the bid
ding of that corporation,, which has fat
tened upon the pockets of the citizens of
San Jose for over a (juarter of a century,
and which is using Mr. Hardy to good
advantage at the present time to prevent
an opposition company from obtaining a
foothold in the city of San Jose, whereby
its people might be relieved of the ex
orbitant water rates which they have
paid for years, and which the new com
pany agrees to furnish at one-half the
rate.
Who is another of the leaders of the
Charter Club who poses as a political pur
ist, and who is seeking an office like the
n-st? It Is J. P. Jarman, who sat for one
term in the City Council and who made it
secondary to the interests of his paint
shop on every possible occasion. He was
one of the members of the Council and
chairman of the Street Committee, who
very readily purchased the steam roller
for 'almost $4000. He is the man who, while
still a Councilman, was so hungry after
office that he ran for Supervisor, and dur
ing the campaign, while a member of the
construction committee, spent $2000 in use
less repairs upon the city hall, as it was
rumored, that he might set enough men
at work to insure his election to the of
fice of Supervisor. J. P. Jarman was
elected Councilman as an honest man,
and by the aid of my political friends,
to whom he became a traitor by the dic
tation of Wilbur Wilcox, his brother-in
law and superintendent of the San Jose
Water Company. He is another tool of
the water company, and as Councilman
never failed to do its bidding, and who
hopes to be elected Councilman again In
order that he may help it in its fight
against the opposition water company,
who are striving to get patrons at half
the present charge. While in the Coun
cil he voted with Messrs. Dittus and
Krieg on each and every occasion and
they were known all over this commu
nity as "the solid."
Who is 3till another of the office-seeking
leaders of the Charter Club? It Is A. K.
Whitton, the candidate for Mayor of the
club. Who Is A. K. Whitton? He is the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
secretary of the Oak Hill Improvement
Company, which has at present a contract
with this city which it is violating most
flagrantly and by means of which it is
robbing the city out of large and valuable
property; and I am told it robbed old
Millus Gay, the original owner of the land
now occupied by Its cemetery. Not con
tent to rob the Jiving, they have levied
tribute upon the graves of the dead. I
hold in my possession a report of the ex
amination of the Oak Hill Cemetery af
fairs by J. H. Leonard, which has been
made under my direction as a member of
the cemetery committee, and which I sub
mit to this honorable body and to the
public in general so that they can see for
themselves what I say is true, and which
1 think will show the motive of that cor
poration for joining hands with the water
company to control the selection of a
Mayor and Council.
\\ ho Is making the fight for Mr. Whit
ton for Mayor in and out of the club?
The San Jose Water Company is mak
ing it through Wilbur Wilcox, its super
intendent, brother-in-law to J. P. Jarman,
who aspires to be Councilman; through
W. B. Hardy and H. E. Schilling, who
hope by the election of J. P. Jarman and
A. K. Whitton and others to maintain
in power this monopoly and hold up the
high price of water as they have done
for years; M. B. Williams, who was in
dicted by the Grand Jury for embezzle
ment and only escaped State's prison by
the mercy of the public and the skin of
his teeth; Samuei N. Boring, who, as
County Clerk, failed to account for cer
tain moneys from the fees of his office
which his bondsmen will have to pay;
Tim Bodley, who, while holding the of
fice as City Clerk, was interested in the
street-sweeping, which cost the city over
$900 a month, which his friend Schilling
assisted him in securing; G. W. Peckham,
who with several other character-assas
sins, members of the Charter Club
were arrested a few years ago for a vile
and dastardly assault upon the character
and reputation of Adolph Greeninger, and
who would have been sent to State's
prison, or at least subjected to a serious
fine, had not Mr. Greeninger taken pity
on the families of the wretches and con
sented to withdraw the charge.
These are a few of the pure-hearted
patriots, who, under the masquerade of
"charter clubs," are now endeavoring to
besmirch the characters of honest men
in this community. The success of such
!'>•«, He in their attempt to build them
selves up by ruining the reputations of
other men would not be great if it were
not for the fact that they are supported
by certain members of the public press,
who. for motives of their own, have re
solved to blacken and befoul the reputa
tion of San Jose as a well governed city
and a lew-abiding community. 1 refer to
those two San Francisco newspapers
which are at present endeavoring to out
vie each other in the indecencies of yel
low journalism— the San Francisco Exam
iner and the San Francisco Call. The
former of these sheets has always been
the enemy of this city. It is a newspaper
whose millionaire owner, after outvieing
all of his fellows in the indecency and
immorality of his private life, went into
journalism resolved, if possible, to create
a newspaper which should be as vile and
disreputable as he himself haa been. This
is the newspaper which by its advocacy
of the Sewell assessment "bill before the
State Legislature, enabled the railroad
company to rob the State out of more
than a million and a half of dollars for
which service this harlot in journalism
was placed upon the pay roll of the rail
road company and drew the sum of $22 -
000 in payments of $1000 a month.
The position of the San Francisco Ex
aminer relative to the San Jose Charter
Club would, be distinctly a detriment
were it not for the co-operation of an
other newspaper from which this com
munity had a right to expect nobler and
better things. I refer to the San Fran
cisco Call, which has recently added it
self to the list of yellow journalism and
has chosen San Jose as the mark for its
shafts of misrepresentation and libel.
In its recent article upon the Scully
matter The Call linked my name and that
of my associate, J. P. Fay, with that
transaction, and insinuated that part of
the money reached our hands. I now
brand that statement as a malicious and
willful lie. and now charge that newspa
per with having entered upon a campaign
of dirty politics in order, if possible, to
elect a Legislature and a body of State
officials which shall be subservient to the
interest of the gigantic sugar trust of
which it is the organ, and which, through
its aid, is expected to increase the mighty
millions of the Spreckels family at the
expense of the people of the State of
California.
Mr. Mayor and gentlemen of the Coun
cil: I have made ihesc remarks prelimin
ary to the disposition of the Scully case
1 am glad to say ihat the matter has al
ready been presented to the Grand Jury,
which intends, as 1 am informed, to probe
it to the bottom. So far as I am con
cerned, I court and invite investigation of
the proceedings of this Council during all
of the time which 1 have been a member
of it. My own conduct as a public official
satisfies my own conscience. My reputa
tion as the holder of a public office is
as sacred, to me as my good name as a
private citizen has ever been, and I do
not propose that any man or set of men
shall attack that reputation or make any
insinuations that assail my personal
honor without my fighting back.
I trust that I have said enough to show
the people of this community the secret
and unworthy motives which actuate
some of those who are active In defaming
the officials of this city. In an investi
gation either before the Grand Jury or
before this body I intend that every de
famer shall be dragged to light and his
motives fully known; and I further intend
and pledge myself to the people of this
city that both in this investigation and
every other, whether here or elsewhere,
every rascal, whether he be now in public
office or whether he has been in public
office in the past and is seeking office
again, shall aiso be uncovered and
scourged with the lash of public scorn.
Now. Mr. Mayor, the real motive which
has spurred my soul to action and caused
me to rise to-nls;ht in my exposure of
these Charter Club leaders is more par
ticularly this Julian street Bcandal In,
which Mr. Hardy appears in the double
role of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. William
B. Hardy, the lnpsiration and controlling
manipulator of the Charter Club came be
fore this Council as the attorney of the
Julian street contractors who have re
cently been charged with having organ
ized a raid on the city treasury, now
known as the Julian street sewer scandal.
It was he who represented to this Council
with the honest air with which he can be
seen entering the Christian churches of
this city on a Sunday, that the sum of
$32,000 was a just and honest claim in pay
ment of the job which we find cost less
than $20,000. and who, after having suc
ceeded in slipping his fraudulent claim
through this Council at the unseemly
hour of half-past 8 o'clock, the next morn-
Ing after its passage made a demand in
the office of the City Treasurer for $800 as
his share for acting as a corrupt lobbyist,
and made a request upon your Honor to
segregate the $1600 warrant so that he
could receive that $800 himself, giving as a
reason, when pressed by your Honor, that
$400 of the sum was to be divided among
the members of this Council in equal pro
portions, myself included, at the rate of
$100 apiece. And so far as I was con
cerned, Mr. Hardy knew when he made
the statement he lied.
And you, Mr. Mayor, my associate as a
member of this Council for the past two
years, went to a reputable citizen of this
town and a friend of mine, to prove to
him my vulnerability and my political dis
honesty. Did you not make that state
ment? Unseal your lips and speak the
truth to the people of this city. My
sacred honor is at stake and I demand the
truth from you.
Now. as far as you. Mr. Dlttus. and
you, Mr. Krieg, are concerned in this mat
ter, you can speak for yourselves. You
know and so does everybody in this city
that you were the candidates of the San
Jose Water Company and were elected by
their influence and their money at the
last city election, assisted by the leading
spirits of the so-called Charter Club;
that we never voted together upon this
Council except when we were forced so
to do or absolutely stop the business of
the city.
In conclusion, gentlemen, permit me to
say that I am not a candidate at the com
ing election, and these remarks are only
made in defense of my personal and pub
lic honor, and I leave the selection of the
incoming Mayor and Council to the hon
est men of this city, who, I hope, have
now information enough to proceed to act
intelligently.
The tirade was not once Interrupted
by any sign of approval by the audi
ence present. At its conclusion Nolt
ing argued against any investigation
of the Scully matter by the Council
on the ground that Scully's resigna
tion ended the whole affair. It was
common report previous to to-night
that the Council would not dare to go
into an investigation of this case.
Investigations were evidently the
order of the session. A communica
tion from City Electrician J. W. Chute,
which under normal conditions would
have excited great interest, was read.
It opened as follows:
A certain newspaper of this city known
as the San Jose Daily Herald has recent
ly made certain charges against me as
regards my duties as City Electrician. If
the charges of carelessness, neglect, in
competency and mismanagement made
against me by the Herald are true there
certainly should be an investigation of the
management of my office. 1 deny the
charges made by the Herald.
After reviewing the charges in detail
and denying them seriatim, Mr. Chute
closes his letter to the Council in the
following drastic style:
In conclusion I will say that when the
Herald says 1 urn responsible for the
damaged condition of the fire alarm re
peater, it lies. When the Herald says
that I do not attend to the lire alarm
system myself, it lies. When the Herald
says that I had anything to do with the
so-called fire alarm or storage battery, it
lies. When the Herald says that I have
let the tire alarm system run down, it
lies. I am ready at any time for an in
vestigation of my management of the fire
alarm system.
As part evidently of the plan of cam
paign of the gang, Nolting introduced
an ordinance lixing water ra,tes at half
of the present charges. This was a
blow struck In revenge at the San
Jose Water Company, which furnishes
its present supply of water to the city.
The consideration of the matter went
over until next Monday. The rates
must be fixed this month.
REV. ALEXANDER
SPANKS A DAUGHTER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 21.— Rev. T. W. Alexan
der, a Baptist evangelist, was arrested
yesterday for whipping Lillie Alexander,
his 17-year-old daughter. Rev. Mr. Alex
ander lives at 410 M street. He reproved
his daughter, but she did not submit
tamely to her father's rebuke, and defied
him. When taunted by the headstrong
daughter, the Rev. Alexander conclud
ed that the time for action had arrived,
and started in to give her a spanking..
The girl resisted and managed to escape,
after receiving several slaps. Lillie ran
out Into the back yard screaming at the
top of her voice. Neighbors heard the
cries and thought that some one was
being murdered.
It was soon discovered that only a little
parental discipline was being adminis
tered. Some one telephoned for the police,
and Officer Henry Russell responded,
placing the preacher under arrest. Dur
ing the afternoon Rev. Alexander was
released from jail by order of Recorder
Olark, who had been interviewed by one
of the older daughters. To-day Rev.
Alexander expressed himself as humiliat
ed by the' disgrace of being placed under
arrest. He would not explain the cause
of the disturbance of the day before.
He came to California from Tennessee
in 1884, and first located in Woodville,
Tulare County, where he was pastor of
the Baptist church for five years. At
one time he was pastor of the Malaga
Baptist Church. His wife has been ill
with fever for the past five weeks. The
indiscretions of Lillie and her younger
sister no doubt caused the family rupture.
For some time the young women created
a great deal of unfavorable comment. For
a while they were on the streets nearly
every night, and finally the police noti
fied them to stay at home. One evening
they were taken from the back room of a
saloon.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street •
WILL NOT AGAIN
BE PROSECUTED
Bp«ctal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 21.— The nine additional
charges of bank wrecking against H. M.
Leonard, ex-president of the Santa Clara
Bank, were to-day placed on the trial
calendar for March 14 by Judge Lorigan.
This was done at the request of Attorney
H. V. Morehouse, counsel for Leonard,
and is but a preliminary step looking to
their dismissal.
The Santa Clara Bank failed in 1894. An
investigation showed Leonard had been
dabbling in stocks, and that he had
embezzled about $200,000 of the bank's
money. He was indicted on ten charges
of embezzlement 'and falsifying the rec
ords of the bank. The trial of the first
charge resulted in his conviction, and
he was sentenced to Folsom prison for
two years. He was released about a year
ago, and since then has been living at
Santa Clara.
The remaining nine cases against Leon
ard were never brought to trial nor form
ally dismissed. It was generally under
stod that there would be no further prose
cution of the ex-bank official after he
had completed his term of imprisonment.
He has, however, for some months been
very anxious and worried because his
record in the Criminal Court was not
clear. He feared that the charges might
at any time be brought up against him
in case he should embark in a business
venture..
Asthma&nronchltls cured. No pay till cured.Dr.
Qo»4lnsSanitarium,sl4Plne,nr.Keamy,S.F..Cal.
PAYS NO HEED
TO OFFICIALS
Los Angeles Water Com
pany Continues Its
Defiance.
Fails to File an Inventory
Within the Allotted Two
"Weeks.
City Council Takes No Action to
Bring the Corporation to
Terms.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— As was
predicted in The Call, the water com
pany failed to comply with the demand
of the City Council to give an inven
tory of the amount of the property it
received from the city when it took its
lease thirty years ago, and of the im
provements since made. The two weeks
given in which to comply with the de
mand have expired. Not one word has
been received from the corporation.
With its customary arrogance it has
not only failed to give the information,
but it has not given any reason for its
failure to comply.-
The Council stated in its original
resolution that if the information was
not forthcoming the Council would pro
ceed to enter a default upon its con
tract; but it did not enter the default,
nor did it take any action. When
asked afterward about this failure sev
eral councilmen said that they thought
a week more should be given, but if
within that time no answer was filed
they would be in favor of taking a de
fault.
The Council to-day fixed the water
rates for the ensuing year. The ex
isting schedule was adopted. It will
not go into effect until July 1. This
will give the water company the bene
fit of the schedule for only twenty-two
days, as the contract expires on July
22, and if the law is strong enough and
the corporation is not above it, the
plant will then pass into the possession
of the city. This the company will en
deavor to defeat with the aid of the
syndicated dailies and all the powerful
pressure from the outside that the cor
poration can bring to bear.
Should the corporation retain posses
sion of the plant after the expiration
of the lease a petition will be pre
sented to the Council asking for an
immediate reduction in rates of .5 per
cent This would have the effect of
making the business of serving Los
Angeles people with water through
streaks of rust of but little profit to
the corporation.
BEMOVE THE SECRETARY.
School Directors Heed the Howl of
the Syndicate Press.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.-The perpetual
hounding of School Director A. M. Bragg
by the syndicated local press has had Its
effect as was shown to-night when he
voted' with the League for Better City
Government combine in the board.
Director Bragg gave his vote to a po
litical trade made by the truly good ele
ment, whereby the schemers in that band
were enabled to name the secretary of
the school board and the superintendent
of janitors and buildings. It required five
votes to do this and in order to get the
fifth vote the strait-laced combiners
traded the position of superintendent of
janitors, who was named by the good Dr.
Mathus, the director from the sixth ward,
who in turn voted for the pure combina
tion's candidate for secretary.
It became necessary for the board at its
session to-night to elect a secretary. The
City Attorney gave an opinion that at its
session two weeks ago it had elected N. S.
Averill, but that last week it had declared
H. G. Johnson secretary of the board.
This was done at the last meeting by the
vote of Director Bragg, who for the first
time took his seat in the board. Ever
since then Mr. Bragg has been subjected
to daily attack and threatened with worse
by the syndicate press. So to-night he
reversed himself and lined up with the
self-confessed reformers who are making
a hot fight to control all the patronage
they can get. • ' ■ n
A motion was made to declare Averill
the secretary of the board, and it was
carried by the deciding vote of Bragg.
Then the board did a most extraordi
nary thing. By a unanimous vote a reso
lution was adopted thanking H. G. John
son, the retiring secretary, for the abili
ty, honesty and integrity he had shown as
secretary of the board. This being the
case, Mr. Johnson's friends are asking
why the League for Better City Govern
ment and only self-confessedly pure mem
bers of the board were so anxious to and
finally did, with the aid of Director
Bragg, remove from office a competent
and an honest man, who had served the
board for over a year and who was fully
informed as to the duties of a position
which calls for a great deal of technical
information. No charges of any characr
ter had been or were llled against Mr.
Johnson.
McKINLEY GOES
TO PHILADELPHIA
Will Celebrate Washington's
Birthday at the City of
Brotherly Love.
Delivers :an Address at«the Exercises
of the University of Penn
sylvania.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 21.— President
McKinley, accompanied by his secretary,
J. Addison Porter, arrived here this after
noon. They were driven direct to the
residence of Charles C. Harrison, provost
of the University of Pennsylvania, whose
guest the President will be during his
stay in the city. The President will to
morrow deliver an oration at the Wash
ington birthday exercises of the Univers
ity of Pennsylvania at the Academy of
Music. The Pennsylvania station and the
streets adjacent thereto were crowded
with people eager to see and greet the
chief magistrate. A double line of police
men kept open a passageway from the
train to the street, and the President, with
his hat in his hand, bowed his acknowl
edgment of the handclapping and cheer
ing. Two companies of mounted police
escorted the carriages to Mr. Harrison's
residence. Cheering crowds greeted the
President along the entire route. To
night an informal dinner was given in the
President's honor by Provost Harrison.
Seth Low, president of Columbia Col
lege, and Mrs. Low were present.
In view of the condition of public af
fairs, every arrangement had been made
to keep the President in touch with all
the departments at Washington and to
keep him fully informed of developments
at Havana. Direct telegraphic communi
cation had been established between
Washington and Mr. Harrison's house,
and in addition to this a long-distance
telephone was placed at the disposal of
the President.
Both the front and rear of Provost
Harrison's residence are guarded by
policemen to-night, and in all his move
ments while in the city the chief exec
utive will be closely followed by a cordon
of officer*.
MONEY FOR SAN
PEDRO HARBOR
Sundry Civil Appropria
tion Bill Carries
$400,000.
Likely to Go Through Despite
Opposition in House and
Senate.
Large Sum to Bo Voted for Im
provements in the Oakland
Harbor.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 21.
The advocates of a deep harbor for
San Pedro have beaten Huntington and
the Southern Pacific, for, as predicted
in last night's dispatches to The Call,
the sundry civil appropriation bill re
ported to-day carries $400,000 for the
work at San Pedro during the next
fiscal year. This is a triumph for Judge
Maguire and Congressman Barlow.
There may be a bitter opposition to it
on the floor of the House and Senate,
but the friends of San Pedro are con
fident that it will go through.
Oakland harbor also gets a large
amount. The limit of cost was fixed
at $666,000 in the original bill and $133,
000 is to be appropriated for this fiscal
year. This amount, with the unexpend
ed balance of $33,000 from last year's
appropriation, will make a total of
$166,000 available for the next fiscal
year. It is assumed by Congressman
Hilborn that the work on the tidal ca
nal will be included, although this is by
no means certain, for it is discretionary
with the War Department whether or
not the tidal canal project will be un
dertaken. Congressman Hilborn is of
the opinion that the Oakland harbor
project proper will receive the first at
tention, and that work on the tidal ca
nal, whether a tidal canal for sanitary
purposes, may properly be undertaken
by the Federal Government.
The decision in this matter is not final,
however, and it may be that the War
Department will eventually use a part
of the ' Oakland harbor appropriation
In continuing the tidal canal work. No
appropriations were made for the re
moval of Arch and Shag rocks and
other obstructions in San Francisco
harbor for the reason that the sundry
civil only makes appropriations to
carry out contracts already made by
the War Department. The removal of
these obstructions will have to be pro
vided for in the river and harbor bill,
if one is passed at this session, which
seems doubtful at this time.
Other items included in the sundry
civil bill are as follows: For continuing
construction of public buildings in San
Francisco, $500,000; for the establish
ment of telephone connections between
lightship and lighthouse at Point
Arena, $860; for fish culture stations
at Baird and Fort Gaston, Cal., $4620;
for enforcement of the Chinese exclu
sion act, $100,000; for surveys and re
surveys of the Pacific Coast (including
Alaska), $54,400, of which $15,000 is
made immediately available; for sur
veying and temporarily marking a
portion of the eastern boundary of the
State of California, $10,000; for continu
ing work on the wall at the Presidio,
San Francisco, $5000: for defraying ex
penses of the California Debris Com
mission, $15,000; expenses of Soldiers'
Home at Santa Monica, $25,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nbt one-tenth of the patients who come to
the ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
SPECIALISTS, T3l MARKET ST., are at-
I tracted by their advertisements. The great
j majority who seek aid and relief at the hands
i of these great doctors have heard of their rapid
and permanent cures through friends or neigh-
bors that have been cured by these great mas-
ters of Chronic Diseases.
CATARRH CURED $5.
ALL MEDICINES ABSOLUTELY FREE.
CONSULTATION FREE.
Tou can learn all about your physical condi-
tion by consulting the great doctors of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPE-
CIALISTS. It will cost you absolutely noth-
ing, whether you take treatment of not. If
they cannot cure you they will frunkly tell you
bo. If you cannot call send for FREE BOOK,
which will be sent you postpaid.'
ENGLISH AND QERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 JVlarket Street.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-U.
[supplies
ji "-'KLONDIKE
I should include
I; BORDEN'S ]!
! Peerless Brand
; i EVAPORATED CREAM
! | UNSWEETENED <>
I The high reputation for keepine J
: ' qulity is already well estate \
i lished ; hence, no experiment. «
, NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. >
DON'T BREAK DOWN.
So Many Men and Women Do When It Is
Entirely Needless.
Strong men often die early, not because
their vital forces are exhausted, but be
cause they abuse their powers, waste
their energies and break down their con
stitutions. Hence, careful people often
live long, while people who are robust but
rash go down to early graves. But
strange as it may seem, many men ana
women by adopting the right means have
been able to overcome dangerous ailments
that would have killed the strongest man.
With care they have eventually gained a
remarkable degree of health and vigor
Some interesting examples of this fact
have recently come to light, among which
are the following:
Miss Anna Maxoy of South Solon. Ohio,
recently said- "I suffered from nervous
prostration, indigestion, and sleeplessness
following a spell of sickness until my life
was despaired of. I took the best tonics
my physician could prescribe without re
ceiving the least benefit. Finally he ad
vised me to take a course of Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey. I did so, and am now able
to eat well, sleep well, and am rapidly
gaining strength."
Mr J M. Gaverick of Harrisburg, Pa.,
says: "For several years I was in very
bad health, as my work is very confining
and I do not get enough exorcise to digest
my food. By taking Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey, however, I experienced a re
markable change. I now feel better than
I ever felt before. I honestly believe there
is nothing better for an appetizer and
strengthener."
People in sound health and people who
do not feel as well as they ought to feel
can profitably heed these words. They ara
sufficient to prove that both as a preven
tion and a cure this remarkable whiskey
is absolutely unequaled. __^
$5,000 99,
WILL BUY A
WELL ESTABLISHED
GOOD PAYING
v^.. DOWN TOWN
NotlOn and
Stationery
Store *£
' Cor. Kearny and Commerda'
LONG LEASE AT LOW RENT
Apply or address
PERNHU BROS.
543 CLAY STREET, S. F.
4
\
T9 Bf^yf^^^iS^%Jl ww r > ll l-yrilßi_l -yrilBi_ j. jjjj
' At Auction
- AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL
{ ' 625 SUTTER STREET,'
Commencing
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21,
UNTIL
SATURDAY, February 26, 1898,
At 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally,
BALANCE OF—
SARAFIAN'S
COLLECTION
OF
Rare Oriental's Artistic Rugs, Etc.
Which sale was discontinued owing
to the renting of the hall for
a few days.
Antique and Modern
Rugs, Carpets,
Hangings, Etc.
Some among which are priceless. One Silk
Rue, exhibited in Vienna in 1890, .
won first prize.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
| , , _
00000 00000 00 0000
• : mf PALACE *-"-?%
g GRAND HOTELS %
q SAN FRANCISCO. ■ if
Connected by a covered passageway. " •
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
© Am. r'NUKK One : Management. Q
j O - NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : q
' Q European Plan. 9l .Of) per day and upward -.
■: j ** American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward W.
j O Correspondence Solicited. ' Q
0 JOHN C. KIREPATRICK, K*n»g«r. ' q
, 0000 000 0000
OJpet, Spermatorrhoea!
anviaitoiiivt.n bites, unnatural dig-
mgm Ouw»nt«(l Q charges, or any inflamma-
I*l uoi to atrte-.nre. tion, irritation or ulccra-
, gjJPKTents eontigioD. tion of mucous mem-
¥*'*_1 THE^ VANS CnEMinai.no. branes. Kon-astrinßent.
I^^CINCINNATI.O BSE] Sold by Drags;!"**.
«h)l U.S.A. jßm ?r? r Hp nt in plain wrapper,
; -,; * , • ' ■ . Circular n-nt ou request.
- lilf iH'TiYßffl^l
a ML ' JJilUr I n
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat; Pimples, Copper- B
■ Colored^ Spots, Aches. Old Pores. Ulcers ■
1 U1!?^U 1 !?^^ 1 ' Halr-Falllnff? Write COOK REM- ■
l^jyCO., 213 MASONIC; TEMPLE, CHI- 1
_ .ri^SJ\ : l xh" fov proofs: of cures. Capital S
R9R 9 t.)00,000. .Worat cases cnredUn 15 to Capital m
(.'Mi.iKXi. Worst cases cured in lj to 3i d;iys. M
g 100-p:i-o boon free.v v r •- f - . - 3
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
fiQQ ' AIAKKET : ? ST.. OPP. I'AL.ACB
.; i UOO Hotel. .Telephone 670. . Resident M
[^ Valencia atreet. Telephone. "Cburch" U.THEY WANTED
TO "REACH"
MR. BONNET
The License Collector
Hears That Money
Awaits Him.
•
Chinese Opium Dealers
Who Will Probably
Be Surprised.
Orders Issued to Pay Up Fees
Within Twenty-Four
Hours.
CONSULTING THE CONSUL.
A Te6t Case to Be Inaugurated Be
fore the Courts at
Once.
As a result of startling and yet mys
tericms events that have happened dur
ing the past few days License Collect
or Bonnet has decided to bring the Chi
•pium dealers up with the round
turn.
The dealers have been trying to
"reach" the license collector, and.
though the effort has never gone as far
as a direct offer of a bribe, probably
because the dealers discovered that they
had tackled the wrong man. the inten
: ■■' use corrupt methods was so
palpable to Mr. Bonnet that he decid
ed to act without delay.
The Board of Supervisors passed an
ordinance some time ago imposing a
license on the sale of opium, but since
that time no particular effort has been
made to enforce the measure because
there was a question as to the legaliti
es the ordinance, and Mr. Bonnet did
not care to jeopardize his position in
the matter by hasty action.
It recently came to the license col
lector's ears, however, that a member
of a well-known firm of attorneys was
receiving 5400 per month from the opi
um dealers to keep them advised of the
legal aspect of the case.
Following closely on this information
came the intelligence from a friend that
the latter had been approached by an
agent of the Chinese, who desired "to
do business." The agent asked Bon
net's friend whether or not the license
collector was open to "conviction."
He intimated that some of the Chi
nese though that Bonnet was getting
a portion of the legal expenses because
no movement had been made against
them and that they thought that they
might as well deal direct if such a pro
ceeding was possible. Bonnet's friend
communicated with him immediately
and the result of their fishhig excur
sion will probably astonish the Chinese
dealers.
Startled by the phase that the mat
ter had taken Mr. Bonnet immediately
called on the Chinese Consul and stated
the facts of the case, inquiring whether
or not the dealers would receive any
encouragement from the consulate. He
was told that Chinese subjects were
expected to obey the law and the con
sulate would not interfere.
Thereupon Mr. Bonnet caused to be
issued, after consultation with the City
and County Attorney, a notice to the
effect that opium license fees must be
paid within twenty-four hours. These
notices were served on twenty-one
dealers and unless the license fees are
paid to-day arrests will follow at once.
The plan is that Mr. Bonnet shall
himself purchase a flve-tael tin of
opium from one of the dealers and then
rause the latter's arrest for selling the
drug without a license. A contest will
doubtless be made by eminent legal
counsel employed by the dealers and
the legality of the ordinance will be at
once determined.
KLONDIKE INQUIRERS.
The Alaska Committee Keports Hay-
ing Received a Letter From
Senator Perkins.
Inqulrles are coming into the Alaska
Trade Committee rooms as to the possi
bilities of securing miners' certificates at
Victoria while the steamer is waiting.
The committee has secured assurances
from tbe steamship lines that they will
hold their steamers there sufficiently
long to accomplish this.
A letter was received from Senator
Perkins, conveying information for which
the secretary had written concerning the
working of the late ruling of the Ireas
nry Department in relation to the trans
portation of goods across American terri
tory and en route for the Klondike. The
essence of these rulings Is that a man
reaching Dyea or Skaguay with Cana
dian-bought goods must either pay brok
ers' fees and cost of a bond, or deposit
money sufficient to cover the same at the
port of entry, and then upon arriving at
the British line he must send back his re
lease of the bond or a certificate In order
to get his money back, the only alter
native being that of paying $6 a day for
an escort through American territory.
A letter was received yesterday from
Governor Sheakley, with his final report
from the Chicago office. The Governor
assures the committee that good work
has been done in Chicago and that San
Francisco is s,ure to see the results, but
that these will be more apparent after the
Yukon all-water route is open.
A BALL AT OCEAN VIEW.
Members of the Y. M. I. Give a
Successful Entertainment.
The entertainment and ball given at j
Murphy's Hall, out at Ocean View, on
Saturday evening, under the auspices of |
the Y. M. L, was an enjoyable one, due i
mainly to the efforts of the committee j
having the affair in charge.
The following programme was rendered, i
followed by dancing, which was continued j
until a late hour:
Piano solo. Professor D'Arcy; special- ;
ties. J. A. Marlow; fancy dancing, Irene
and Florence Canovon; vocal duet. Miss :
Madge Murphy and Miss Sadie Roy; vo
cal solo, John Danoby; specialties,
Thomas C. Naylor.
Those members selected to act as a :
committee of arrangements were: S. A. \
Sullivan, L. T. Brown, F. A. Good. F.
Campbell and C. A. Clubblni.
A. 8. Oood, Edward Logue, D. Camp
bell and H. Singer comprised the recep- |
tion rommittee, and Joseph Cannon arid
J. Sermatti the floor committee.
Found the Mary Taylor.
The captain of the United States rev
enue cutter Rush reported to Collector
Jackson yesterday that ho found the Can-
. ndian Bealer Mary Taylor at anchor In
r>rakee Bay, with a sprung mainmast.
There were no evidences of poaching on
her part. She had not been there longer
than the twenty-four hours allowed In
such cases, and at the request of the
commander of the Rush the sealer set out
for the open sea.
MERCHANTS GREET PRESIDENT DOLE.
The Chamber of Commerce Formally Receives the Executive Officer of the
Island Republic.
President Sanford B. Dole of the Hawaiian Republic was the guest of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce yesterday. The reception was a formal one, and when the visiting President was escorted into the hall of
the Chamber of Commerce building the room was crowded with the merchants and business men of the city. Presi
dent Dole was escorted from his hotel to the reception by E. R. Dimond and G. H. Newhall. The navy was rep
resented by Lieutenant T. Porter, Lieutenant H. M. Dombaugh and Assistant Engineer Armin Hartrath of the
Mohican.
Charles Nelson, vice-president of the Chamber of Commerce, presided and welcomed the guest of the day. in
his address he said the representative business men of this city were pleased to welcome and ontertain the execu
tive officer of the island republic. "We are much pleased to have him with us after his visit to Pi 'sident McKinley,"
he said, "because we believe he has done much to further the cause of the annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
We as merchants and business men believe that the Hawaiian Islands should be a part of op: Republic. This
Chamber of Commerce has repeatedly by resolutions and by memorials to our legislators placed itself on record as
desiring that the islands should' be a part of our territory."
President Dole in reply said it pleased him to be back in California, where by family ties ai d close business
relations he was among friends that made him feel at home again. "But, indeed, in my travels a< toss the Ameri
can continent," he said, "I found the people so friendly and they greeted me so cordially that I felt at home where
ever I went. They made me feel that I was an American, and that is what I hope soon to be. I prize much the
opportunities while in Washington to place before the Congressmen and Senators there the advantage's of annex
ation, and 1 I feel that it is in good hands and that we Hawaiians will soon be a part of the American people."
Mayor Phelan, speaking as a member of the Chamber of Commerce and not as an officer of the city, said the
traditional feeling of the American citizens not to acquire territory that is not contiguous to our continent should
be a thing of the past. "This is not a time for traditions," he said. "In the last few years space has been anni
hilated. Hawaii is now much nearer to us than California was to the seat of our Government when she was ad
mitted to the Union. Hawaii is a point of great strategical importance. It is the key of the Pacific Ocean, and
we cannot afford to play dog in the manger with it much longer. If we dc not annex the islands some other coun
try will, and it will always be a source of menace to our Pacific Coast ports. It is now time for Conpress to act,
and we as citizens should not let slip the opportunity to advocate annexation when our business interests are so
much at stake."
A telegram was read from Hugh Craig, the president of the Chamber of Commerce, dated at Grafton, W.
Va. It offered congratulation to the visiting President and urged the advocacy of annexation.
Irving M. Scott, in a short address, advocated annexation of the islands. He said Hawaii was tied to us by
friendship and commerce, and the question of annexation was a plain one. "Hawaii," he said, "will increase in
importance to this country as the commerce of the Asiatic shores grows."
MAMMY REIGNS
NO LONGER
Fred Bell Wins a Victory
in Judge Coffey 's
Court.
His "Mother" Must Make an
Accounting and Furnish
a New Bond.
This Deprives Her Aged Servant of
All Her Power and May-
Bring Peace.
The days of the aged "Mammy"
Pleasant's rule in the "House of Mys
tery." in the home of the Bells, have
ceased to be. By a decision rendered
by Judge Coffey yesterday the scepter
that has long been wielded over that
household by the stalwart negress has
been stripped of its power, and the
reign of "Mammy" is at an end.
With the downfall of "Mammy" j
comes a victory for young Fred Bell, i
who has long been held by his foster i
mother In fact, Mrs. Theresa Bell, the ■
only obstacle in her pathway of con- !
tent. Several months ago Fred brought
a suit against Mrs. Bell, whom at that
time he had good reason to believe ;
was his mother, to remove her as his
guardian as well as the guardian of j
his brothers and sisters, five in num
ber. He also asked that Mrs. Bell be j
ordered to make an accounting of the ;
funds that had come into her hands :
since the death of her husband, Thom
as F. Bell, which occurred five years '
ago. The applications of Fred Bell \
were bitterly contested by Mrs. Bell,
and when, as the «case progressed, she
saw defeat was probable, she took a
desperate step to strengthen her case,
went on the stand and repudiated the
young man and the eldest daughter of
Thomas F. Bell, swearing that they
were not her children. The woman's ;
statement, under oath, fell like a thun- j
The fee-simile ■'■ >r^--, //fV, ,/T**/ ** on every wra PP«*
denature of Wuz&Z74UcZcM of CASTOEIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
derbolt, but those who had long ex
pected a sensation from the Bell man
sion felt that they had been rewarded.
The case progressed, and last Friday
Fisher Ames, who represented the de
fendant in the action, argued the case
on behalf of his client. Ames grilled
the young man from the opening to the
close of his argument. He referred to
him as a "leech," a "house hog," and
repeated anew the story of how Fred
erick some time ago indulged in a hi
larious escapade with a company of
1 young people In which several ladles of
1 color participated. Ames was merci
less in his roast, but between his words
1 of vituperation he worked in the legal
i end of his case, contending that under
: the law in event Mrs. Bell was re
' moved as guardian the court could not
1 demand an accounting. He contended
| that she might do as she pleased with
| the monthly family allowance.. He
; averred that she had always conduct
j ed the duties involved in the matter of
■ the guardianship of her children In a
satisfactory manner and should not be
interfered with.
Yesterday Attorney W. H. Schooler,
who has been prosecuting the com
plainant's interests, made his argu
ment. For Mrs. Bell he had but words
of sympathy; for "Mammy" Pleasant
i but words of condemnation. He reit
i crated the oft-told story of the influ
i ence of the negress in the Bell house
hold and appealed to the court if Just
ice was to be done that the mother
should be removed as guardian of her
children and the young people whoso
; maternity she had repudiated; that she
! should be forced to make an account
ing and that in event she had not ful
filled her obligations to those the law
demanded when she was appointed
guardian, those who went on her bond
I should be forced to assume the deficit.
1 When Attorney Schooler had finished
his argument the court rendered its de
cision. Judge Coffey held that it
was the policy of the law whenever
possible to refrain from sanctioning or
committing an act that might lead to
! a disruption in a family that might
: never be healed. The act of removing
; Mrs. Bell as the guardian of her chil
i dren, the complainant and his sister
'■ might result in such a culmination, anJ
j for that reason the court refused to
; grant the request of the petitioner on
: that point. The court, however, or
| dered that Mrs. Bell make an account
ing within ten days of all the moneys
i she had expended since the death of
• her husband. Attorney Ames mildly
' protested, but the order stood as de
1 livered by the Judge. "The next issue
in this case," said his Honor, "will be
ito reduce the family allowance. Al
\ though I have allowed Mrs. Bell to re
; tain her charge as guardian I feel that
: it is incumbent upon the court to some
what deter the influence of Mrs. Pleas
! ant. For this reason the family al
: lowance must be reduced. I further or
| der that Mrs. Bell produce a new bond
, for the performance of her duties as
guardian." The order of the court
: compelling Mrs. Bell to produce a new
bond relieves "Mammy" Pleasant and
her faithful friend, Rebecca Boone, of
that responsibility. For past errors
in the usage of money in the home of
the Bells, however, the colored "bonds
women" will be held responsible, says
Fred Bell's attorney. In the decision
of yesterday young Bell holds that he
has won a substantial victory in his
fight for his rights, but he says that
before the name of Bell ceases to be
heard in the courts of law he will have
succeeded in gaining ali those things
that are here.
DROWNED IN MAD RIVER.
William Lees Loses His Life in Try
ing to Ford the Stream.
A letter was received fh this city a few
days ago from Edward Cotter, a resident
of Humboldt County, in which he speaks
of the death by drowning in the Mad
River of William Lees, an English
rancher.
The accident occurred a week ago Sun
day, and as yet his body has not been
recovered. He had forded the stream
earlier in the day without any trouble,
but on his return found that it had risen
and was racing along like a torrent. Al
though advised by many people not to
cross, the undaunted rider did not
heed. He rode his horse into the stream,
and was half way over when the full
force of the current struck him. The
horse struggled to regain the shore, but
was swept off its feet and drowned. Lees
was swept down the river by the cur
rent and away from the view of those on
shore who were powerless to help him.
It is thought his body was carried to the
mouth of the river and swept into the
ocean.
Lees was well known throughout Hum
boldt County, and his death is deeply
deplored. He was unmarried, and owned
one of the best ranches In his district.
Intoxicating Malt.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch yes
| terday notified half a dozen keepers of
! cigar shops within the university mile
\ limit of Berkeley that they must walk
|up to his office and pay the revenue
I license on a liquor which they are selling,
| and which is called malt ale, manufac
tured in this city. The stuff contains
some hops, and for this reason the Col
lector claims that it must pay a license,
! although the sellers contend that it is not
! an alcoholic intoxicant. The tax will be
I enforced.
Must Wear Uniforms.
Surveyor of the Port Spear has given
; orders that the regulation of the Treas-
I ury Department requiring the wearing of
; uniforms hy customs officers while on
duty must be observed. His attention has
i been railed to the fact that the regula
i tion is not being complied with, and he
Is determined that the abuse shall not
be allowed to be perpetuated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood B'ld'g, Room 7.
CONSULTATION :PRBB. ;
V _ Avflff oT7fflf» II - f FREE— TO • DEMONSTRATE " OUR PAIN-
\Wtvl* W VI / UI *' UOUC LESS METHODS of EXTRACTION, etc., we
XL- m¥ V\ Iv ■ . J t mf Am will; devote, one hour each day to FREE EX-
HS. Vv / ' /If ' , ****%. TRACTION. 10 to 11 a. m. The clinic la always
. Y^?<^B^K LJ& ahead In advanced dental science. No students
AS ' "5523E _- -%HL employed. - ' : .- -■■ " ->■'-. ■■-..'•■■■ •-
V — -— -z_lpW ■ IZj'''W)lZ>~ '■ /» ■ For the next thirty days our prices will be:
J^J^V / Js[l^£jir^ ■ FULL SET OF TEETH for ...... ...H 50 up
-''■■ ; LS — *^ W'^^ruWr> ' ; GOLD CROWNS, 22k..:...-.. ..1.... ..... 360 up
-^WfTDO WWmaUbM. AbkJTHIS BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
yg V?>;>JBffi'fWK GOLD FILLING Tic up
crkr» 4ntot '*§i%r*'''\\ w\i"r» silver » filling :... ...:...... .......: 25c up
FOR/^ Jf^-''\\ "^^% CLEANING TEETH Me up
• ■ ■^ H^ 3 "4 c ♦»«#.*««* '^ NO PAIN in extracting and no charge when
.',V^.i>.^ »/ •; if * ' \ * txiraciea : : p i a tes are ordered. - ; .- - \ :. .' .-, .
_____ . !' 2. - ; " • Rif FILLED -»f - Work done as well at night as by daylight by
| LL I U fLWJL MfJ rDnUfHCB the modern electrical devices used here. Lady
I LC I liwim'M t& VHUIIIIt * attendant. A physician always In attendance.
" ' t «-r^. ~^ Bridge work Don't forget the number— ■■.■■« > ■-.■-■:,: .-j
''/•," : - ■ : WITHOUT pain::;: -:-.■;■'.. -' - -V. ; .." ..:"'-\'..' '.-.'' ' .' "'v ;v.,.' ;> V '.:".: ■ ■ . '. .- ;' : ■'' .>.■
Reception 1)1? « T F QTRANfV 809 Market Street, corner Fourth.
. Room 7. Un '•*-•& MtiUnVft Flood Building, Second Floor.
~- : , :'■'•■ . Office Honra— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays 9t012m. 7; r ■ ' -/ ; ■-.■:
ITR MCNITT TV BaJa ci " la '
'PHIS WEIX KNOWN AND EKLIABI.E oil, DAMIANA BITTERS
curMMHome. Terms reasonable Hours 9 to » ?£"' and 5 rem *i y rr ° r d^* 86 " °» ">•
dally ; 8:80 to 9.3o cvYi Sundays, 10 to I'Conßiilta! kidney, and bladder. A »rt*t Kctoratlve,
: free and sacredly confidential. Cafi oraddreS ontOT i and * Nervine. Sell, , On £ It. * own
r d ■ BiMmp M.wir* •. v - ™ "^n* l . Merit*; no long-winded testimonial! * necessary.
9*uJT' BOS £? E "cBfUtTT, M.l>., - .---• NABBR.- ALFS & BRUNB, A*ent», t• ;
««« K«»rnjr BtreeL lv Iraaclte*. IU SB Market Street, S. F.— (Send tor Circular.)
WAKENED BY A
PISTOL SHOT
Thomas Morris Rudely
Aroused From His
Slumbers.
He Thinks an Attempt Has
Been Made on His
Life.
An Old Enemy Lately Seen Lurking
in the Vicinity of His
Home.
Thomas Morris, a well-known citizen
living at 33 Juniper street, had a nar
row escape from death at the hands of
some miscreant last Sunday evening.
Mr. Morris owns considerable real es
tate in the vicinity of Tenth and Fal
som streets, and occupies a room on
the first floor in the rear of one of his
houses on Juniper street, a cul de sac
running off Folsom, between Tenth and
Eleventh. Sunday night he went home
at about 10 o'clock, and retired as usu
al. He was just falling asleep when
he was aroused by a pistol shot which
seemed just over his heajd, followed by
a crashing of glass. Fully alarmed, he
arose at once to make an investigation,
and found that a bullet had crashed
through a window just over his bed,
narrowly missing him, and buried it
self in the wall.
Too frightened to go out into the
yard and make an investigation, he
peered through the window, but could
distinguish nothing in the inky dark
ness without, although he imagined he
heard footsteps in the yard outside.
The man who fired the shot evidently
was not lacking in nerve to carry out
his nefarious design, as it is necessary
to pass through a covered passageway
and climb half way up a flight of out
er stairs to fire a bullet which would
follow the course pursued by the one
which entered Morris' window.
Morris has lived in the vicinity for a
great many years, and has a host of
friends who testify to his good habits
and exceptionally upright character,
and what should have tempted anyone
to fire the shot is a mystery. Some of
the neighbors suggest that the ball
may have been fired at pestiferous cats
and gone astray, but a casual investi
gation of the premises scouts any such
theory, as the bullet could only have
been fired from one place, and that is
the stairway leading from the first floor
to the yard.
Morris hints darkly at an old enemy
who has recently made his appearance
in the neighborhood, and says he will
put detectives on the case. He seems
to be In great fear of his life, and
dreads spending another night in the
room. Last night, however, he risked
it again, but securely fastened the al
leyway gate leading into the back yard
and placed a set of thick shutters on
the inside of the window.
SUICIDE OF JOSEPH DEVOTO.
He Made His Last Stop at a Saloon
Before Plunging Into the Bay.
Joseph Devoto, who worked for his
brother, David, at the latter's coal yard,
430 Pacific street, committed suicide yes
terday morning by drowning himself in
the bay near the foot of Union street. He
had been given $85 by his brother on the
day before to pay off some of the bills
against the coal yard, but instead had
gone on a spree and spent or had been
robbed of the money.
The last time he was seen was at 6
o"clock yesterday morning, when he en
tered the saloon of R. Sohottler, at 401
Broadway, and took a drink, paying for
the same with a f>o-cent piece. When the
change was tendered him by the bar
keeper, Devoto told him to keep the
change; that that would be the last he
would see of Devoto. The body of the
unfortunate man was discovered floating
near the foot of Union-street wharf at
7 o'clock yesterday morning and was
taken to the Morgue.
ANXIOUS TO RE-ENLIST.
Retired National Guard Officers
Beady to Fight in the Event
of War.
Retired officers of the National Guard
are anxious to show their patriotism, and
many have signified their intention of re
enlistihg in the event of trouble between
this country and Spain.
The question that confronts them is
whether they would be assigned to the
same positions they ocupled on their re
tirement. Major-General Dickinson of
the National Guard, when asked about
the matter yesterday, said: "If a retired
officer wanted to enlist again he would
have to take his chance of being detailed
by the Governor to duty equivalent to his
old office; otherwise he would have to
take the chances of any other enlisted
man and go into the ranks. Should we
have trouble, however, there is no doubt
in my mind that there will be plenty of
positions to fin."
Held for Murder.
Charles Dean, the Chinese who mur
dered Tit Sing in her rooms on Bartlett
alley on Sunday night, February 13. was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Joachimsen with
out bail. No evidence was put in for the
defense.
-[ L ;■ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. . .: ■ : .
aT^L I A Winchester Repeating Rifle
l/lmSmiiJijm^r^^ is a great law in itself. It will protect you and
.J^^SS^RjlLJr^ l help fill your larder. Send name and address on
111 rajlil! ..'a postal card for i4S-page illustrated catalogue.
1 I^B^^H 1 ii--^-*-**i Tt" ie frpp
AHSSTpS> Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
•^^jlv<^l 44 1 ** Street, San Francisco, Cal.
1 - ■ - -...- ■ ■.■■■■■ t
A stenographer for a large law firm in Boston had a rather
common experience : My work," she said, " is very nervous and ex-
acting, and^l used to leave the office utterly exhausted. At night I
would often have the most horrible dreams, and sometimes wake up in
a cold sweat. : Once I found myself sitting bolt upright in bed clutch-
ing the bed clothes frantically with both hands. "I became so dis-
heartened that I finally told my employer I must give up my position,
but he laughed, and said he wanted me to stay, and then suggested
that I try his remedy for such troubles. He gave me half a dozen
Ripans Tabules and told me to take one after dinner and another
before going to bed. I did so,. and rested better that very night
Now, whenever I feel nervous, I take just" one Tabule before retiring
and I sleep right through till morning, and get up thoroughly rested
and ready for business. For a sleep-producer and a auieter of the
nerves, these Tabules are simply wonderful." . :
:■<'- RAILROAD TRAVEL. ' :
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
: RAILWAY CO.
, Tiburoa Ferry, Foot oS Market St. ,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. •
j WEEK' DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00,. 11:00 a.-m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
.at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
• and 11:30 p. m. . •-..-.■ < -<••.■ - . ■ .■■
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,- 3: JO,
6:00,6:20 p.m. ~ , ••'-..
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at l-r.") and 6:35 p. m. . ■ ' : -
i SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, »:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ' - , . ■
. Between San ' Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above. ■ . ■ :•
.; Leave T _ _<._- t Arrive '
San Francisco. Octii. San Francisoa
Week I Sun- npn/i^atton Sun I . Week
Days. I daya. . Destination day 9. [■ daya .
7:30 a.m. 18:00a.m. | 'Novato, 1 : 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. 9:80a.m. 1 Petaluma. 1 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6.10 p.m. s:oOp.rrL Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. 1 . 6:22 p.m.
.; - • • Fulton,
7:30 a.m. : Windsor, - 10:25 a.m.
Healdßbufg, • ~ ,
- ;.- Lytton. . ,
.. Geyeervtlle, - : \ , .
3:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. . 7:35 p.m. 6f22p.m.
1 IHopland and! ; • « • -■--■. '
7 :30 a.m .! 8 -00 a.m. I Uklah. I 7:35 p.m. « :23p.m.
7:80 a.m. ' • . 10:25 a.m.
:00a.m. Guernevllle. ,7:35 p.m. •-..■ ■• . - 1
8:30 p.m. . t: r : : ■■:■■,-■ 6:22 p.m.
7:tioa.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma ' 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
-• ... - - " , v • '/and •■ . ■'■ '• '■■•- ." -- -•'
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7T3Oa.m.jB:oOa.m.| sebaatcrioL ! 10 :40 a.m. 110 :25 a.m.
»:30p.m.16:00p.m.| B>eDaBtcpoL 1 7 :30p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West.
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers at ■ Hopland for
Highland Springs, ' Kelseyvllle, '..: Soda Bay,
I Lakeport and Bartlett , Springs; at'Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
! Laurel Dell Lake. Upper > Lake, Porno, , Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
1 nells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullviile, Boonville,
! Orr's Hot Springs,.- Mendoclno City, Fort
i Bragg. Westport, Usal. ■ ' l .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ■ < ' ■•- ' ■■■'
. On > Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. , .:.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building. ■
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
. , Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajrt.
! ~
lligamßßtfsaill CALIFORNIA
bBBbI^I limited.
Bafflffl^ra SAN FRANCISCO
iLII lIbM to
HWgll!IYIII <> MJI CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4;30 p.m..,
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.;
. Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. ' • . ;.'v p:.
DINING ; CAR, . *, ■'.?*. ■ ~ . v'V ; -
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
S% • days to Chicago, 4% days • to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on I
fast time. \ Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. - San Francisco ticket ' office; - 614 ■ Market '
street, - Chronicle - building. Telephone - Main :
1620. Oakland of flee, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento ' office, 201 -J . street. San Jose, 7 .West
Santa Clara street.  : - :i-": i -"- i "r; r " :".•'■;-. :■-. v ; :
__ , j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: ■ ■',•,.■ - .- Via Sausalito Ferry. ; .■;
' From San " Francisco, " Commencing September
. -;■ ■ ... , ,; ; 19,. 1897. > :
5 r-:-l "■?•'-': WEEK DAYS. ■■■■'■, ---, "-'w-
For Mill Valley and ■ San Rafael— »7:2s, . *9:30 " i
11:30 a. ; m.; "I:**, 8:45, »5;15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m! I
: Extra ■■■ trips ; for :i: i San ■ Rafael " : on -- Mondays
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
I'Vr'-- ■-----"'• ' ■-■'■ SUNDAYS. ;-=- ■' --.
For Mill. Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, »10:00.' I
s •11:30 a. m.;-*l:lG,' 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. '
-'Trains marked- •' run to San Quentin. ■.
:• THROUGH TRAINS. n-r \
7:25 a. ni. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
. tions; 1:45 p. m. ■ Saturdays ; (mixed train) for
' Duncan ■• Mills and ■ way , stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
;~ r v :■■' ... : , ■'■■:-: ■:•.'■ .■■..■•■;•>,:'.:,:■ ;;. '^ ■■■.■" •■■ ':■■• !
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- "^ --:" (Via .'Sausallto. Ferry). .*'■' *. ,
- - Leave • San • Francisco, . commencing , Novem-
ber 13, 1597: ■. :-■■=.-:.. ■.. ;-. . ;... •■ v 'v; •■•
-Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. in. - I-: - '
' Sundays— :oo, 16:00, ■ 11:30 a. m., 1:15 n. m.
v. Round trip frotn Mill. Valley, fl. - -•'■■■'■ ' -■■ ~ :
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, «a Market
■treet Ban Francisco. r . ' v :■*.,'■' •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOVTHKBH PACIFIC (OUHAST.
, (PACIFIC SYHTKM.) . '
Trnln* leave nn«l are <iti«' to nrrlVA •■
SAN KKANCI««-O.
/ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) •
leave '■—'.- From January 1. 1808. — arrive
~*6-OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »8:43 a
V 7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:45 a
; 7:OOa Marysville, OroTilleand Redding via ;
! .-.' Woodland ...... - 5:45r
. . 7:OOa. Vacavillc »nd Rumsey. 8:48*
■ . 7:»Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa, - .' * •
'. - is CalUtoga and Santa R05a......... 6:lSr
' 8:00 a Atlantic Impress, Ogilcu and Kast.. Bt43r '■
■>3«A Niles, San Jose. .Stockton, lone,
•' ■ •" Sacramento, Marysvllle, Chico,
TehamaandneiUllufT 4rlSp
•8:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale : . . . a 7ilsp
»i««a New Orleans Kinreen, Merced, Ray- . ; -V
' ■-.' ".i" v , mond, Fresno, ISakersiioM, Santa
■ Barbara,' Los AngelcH, DemlnK,
' - El l'aso, New Orleans and East. - 6t4-1p
9:00 a Vallejo, , Martinez, Merced and
Fresno.... ; 12:15p
.* ■l:OOp Sacramento ltiverStoimierß. ........ *»:OOp
l:OOr Niles, San Jcso and Way Stations. . {9sl3a
l:»Or Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
'.. 8:00p LiTermore, Mendota. Ilanford and
. . Vlsalia 4:15»
, , LiTeraaore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations ..........'..... JI0:15\
■ 4>oOp Miirtine/, • Ban Ramon, Vallejo, .
;-.*■••? ; . ■'.-•.. Napa, Calistogu, El Vcrcuo and
> v- 5:uitaR05a.. ........ ............V. »ll»A
4li««p Benicia, Vacavllle, Woodland.
... ' ; Kuights Landing, MarjBTille,.(>ro- • .
. .Wile .Sucriimento ........... IO:4Sa
4iSOp Niles, San Jose, Trncy and Stockton .. .7>lSp
■ 4:30 Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
' • "v Fresno, Mojaro (for Randsburg),
' .'- Santa Barbara and I.ob Angeles.. 7:45 a
'. 4iXOp Santa To Uonte, Atlantic Kxpreas:'
- ■- - for Mojnve mid Kiist...*.... 6:43*
•j3:3op " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
'.' • _ - Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St. -'" -;v; v
' ■ . Louis, Chicago and Ea5t.......... {10:13 a
*T3:3ur " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paw.
* New Orleans and East ....510:13a
. . 6:0Ot- European Mail, Ugilen and East.... 9:43\
. 6:OOi> Hay wards, Niltß mid Han J05e...... 7:43\
t«:OOr Va11ej0.............................. «7:43p
8:OOi> Oregon JCxpress, Hacrumeiito. Murys-
villo,- Keddiwg, Portland, I'ngtt
Sound and Kast 8:13 a
' SAN LEAN I>IU> AND lIAVffAUIKS LOCAL.
• . ■■,■:. (Foot of Market Street.)
I ~? ¥ 6sooal ■ : -- \ f 7:1b7
8:OOa „ M«lroM, Seminary. Park, . '•° : A
I?:2Sa Fltclibur^Elmhurst, WAI+
I il 1:OOa San Leaitilro, South Saa IS: *£ r
| J12:00m uandro,&t«dillo, $£&*
iattOOP , Lorenzo, Cherry i- •'■ : «4:43p '
4:OOp . ' . «5:43p
B:OOp and • . 0:l3p
B:30p ' Hsj wards. ? • 22 S P
7:«0p ' ot«9r
8:00p < Buns throu«U to Niles. ! -2 ! i 5 , P
: 9:00p i rom Miles ■ IOISOf
nii:ispj ' - romr '" eg - ttia:oop
- COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge). '■ >
. : '(Foot of Market Street.)
Mi:l3a Newark. Oentervill<vHi»n.lo»e,l''eHon, ,
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cnu and Way ' ■
Stations »•••*
. ••ilSp Newark, Center? Hie, San .lose. New
• -Almadcn, Felton, BouUlor Creek,
■■•'"' Santa C'rnz and Principal Way ' ,-t'
- Stations........ t •...•! ••»•«!
' 4:IHr Newark, ftnn .1<»o and Los Gates ... 9:90 a. •
til t4sp Hunters' Excursion. SaD Jose and ■" '~
•■■•-■■•■ : Way Stations ..■..:..■■•■..;....:.. |7:»0r
;, CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnm SaN FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 . .9:00 . 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 '13:09
•4:00 .*.tß:OO'.f 6:o0 p.m. > ,
fr»m 04IUKD— Foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
,; tl2:00 *l:00 t8:00 ■ "3:00 .', tl:QO . .«8:00f.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). ~ r '-
■ :..'■" (Third and Townsend Sts.)
6t33ABau Jose ami Way .Stations (New
waiwscj, -Almaden Wednesdays only) CiSSa
•tOOA Han Joso, 'J'k.h I'iuos, Santa Cruz, ' -
■ - Pacllic Grove, Paso Rubles, 8.111
■ • . Luis Obispn, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal, Way Stations.... 4:15p .
lOi4Oa Sau .lose and Way 5tati0n5......... *8:OOa
i Hi 3Oa Ban Jose ami Way Stations 8:33*. .
•S:3Op San Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park, T
Santa Clara, ' San Jose, Gilroy," • >
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
: r Monterey and Pacific Gr0ve...... »lOt4OA
' ' <S:lSp Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations ; *»:O«u
! - ■ *4ilSr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations - 0:45 a
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations • lsSOr /
• 3:30 1- San Jose anil Principal Way Stations j I 3:30 p.
.'. . «:3Op San Jose and Way Stations., 7:20p
j11:43p San Jose and Way Stations ...;... 7:20p
" • ■' , A for Morning. - : <.;>; ■•!' for Afternoon. .-..-- ■
- • Sundays excepted. ■ t Sundays only. - 1 Saturday* only, -
It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights onlj.
% Mondays and Thursdays. -s * ' .
_ .■Wednesdays and Saturdays. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
"■. i~- -■ .' : ;-. ,•:-' ■ , __ ... ;.''.'■'■; * ; : '■- '"' '. ■'"-
- From September 10, 1897, trains - will ran as
follows: ;•;• -.■.- ■ ■ ■ : '•-■■-■ '■-•■' •' - .' :'-:.* ..',-.
..-.-. Southbound.- ". •••'•. , I Northbound]
• Passen- s " Mixed e^t,,,-,. j Mixed \f : Passen- '
• *;•• ger .--'■■■■ Sunday statlons - i Sunday ! , ■ per -'
" ; : Dally. Exc'p'td .*...., / Exo'p'td •-_. Daily. ;.,
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a. m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. 6:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:40 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. ! 3:53 p.m.
' : 10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m.' - Fresno ■ J-.SO a.m.-- 2:20 p.m. r
11:40 a-m. 5:20 p.m. Hanf . :45 a.m. ' 1:15 D.m. >
. 12:15 p.m. -" 6:45 p.m. Visaila •'• 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. m :
■■-■ Stopping- at intermediate po ints when required
- Connections— At Stockton : with steamboats of
' C.' ■ N. ' & i I. :. Co., . leaving ' San ■ Francisco ? and '
, Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
j stages to and from Snelllngs, . Coulterviile. etc. ; -
1 also ' with stage for Homitos. Mariposa, . etc,: -
at Lankershlm with stage to and irom Madera.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Disappointment over the light rain.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay firm. Feedstuffs as before.
Lima Beans higher. Pinks and Bayos easy.
Fair demand for Flour.
Potatoes and Onions dull.
Butter lower. Store Eggs higher. Cheese
unchanged.
Two cars Eastern Poultry for to-day.
Game sold rather bett.r.
Fresh and Dried Fruit unchanged.
Provision* very firm and active.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs' continue to r.ivance. Mutton flrm and
Beef steady.
Coffee fairly active.
Paraffine Candles advanced.
No change in Coal.
Cottolene in tierces advanced.
To-day a holiday.
THE RAIN.
Sunday's rain was a disappointment to the
grain trade. It was liberal where it was not
particularly needed and scant where It was
needed badly. The Salinas Valley got only .06
to 08 of an inch and the Pan Joaquin Valley
only .03 to .10, while the bay and northern
counties received from .40 to .S5, and in some
places over an inch fell. Barley went up in
consequence of this showing. Wheat futures
also advanced and Hay was flrm at Saturda> s
figures.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple groceries at this port in
January were as follows, compared with the
same month in 1897: Sugar, 19,467.000 pounds.
aeainst 9.972.0 X): Coffee. 687,000, against 1.149,
o, 4,334.000. against ti.375.000.
TO-DAY A HOLIDAY.
Tr>-rtay being Washington's birthday and a
lepa! h'lli'lay, business will be suspended
throughout the country.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
cres at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; thOM underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall, of malted snow In inches
and hundredth." during the past twelve hours.
Isobar*, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usur.lly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south a'.ong the coast, rain 1b probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm-
Fr^hable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
Jn summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
epposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 21. 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to ;
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Searon. Seagon.
Eureka 0.34 24.11 35.57 :
Red Bluff 0.24 9.60 20.94
Sacramento 0.20 7.04 14.47
Pan Francisco 0.44 6.30 17.76
Fresno 0.12 3.35 S.SS
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.08 3.96 17.36
Los Angeles 0 4.11 14.43
San Diego 0 3.3S 10.11
Yuma 0 1.26 4.87 j
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 52;
minimum. 43; mean. 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the Pacific slope. '.
Over Oregon there has been a rise of about i
half an inch. The pressure has fallen rapidly !
over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
the Rocky Mountain regrion and westward to
the Sierras. Over Nevada and Utah there has i
been a fall fmm 12 to 18 degrees.
ThP following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 30 miles per hour from
the west; Portland. 34 south; Spokane. 30
southwest; Idaho Falls. 36 northwest; Lander, ;
36 southwest, and Carson City, 30 from the
■oath west.
Forecast* made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Feb. 22, 1S&S:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; westerly i
wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— rioudy Tuesday.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday
fresh northerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, 'a*-n
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind northwest, 24 miles
per hour; temperature. 37; maximum, 42
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NKW YORK, "Feb. 21.-To-day's heavy de
cline In the stock market was made without
another actual new development in the situa
tion, but was rather to be attributed to a com
bination of impressions which have been the
underlying force In speculation for a week or
more. To-day's market demonstrated for one
thing that last week*! decline would have been
much heavier on the developments in the Cuban
question, had it not been for the support of
powerful interests who desired an opportunity
to realize. The entire absence of support to
day gave color to the supposition that those
Interests had completed their liquidation and
were indifferent to the course of the market.
The motives assigned for the selling had less
apparent basis in fact than were furnished by
the developments of last week. So far as they
turned on the Cuban question they dealt with
the speculations on possible future events and
on abstruse points of international law without
any convincing authority to back them Ap
prehensions growing out of the rate war for
passenger business between the Canadian Pa
cific: and our own transcontinental linea had a
more substantial basis, though a soothing sug
gestion was offered that the profits and divi
dends were not largely dependent on passenger
business anyhow. There seemed to be no real
izing sense that this suggestion was inconsis
tent with the large advances which had been
forced in the price of securities on hopes of
Klondike traffic. The great snow storm In the
West was also a factor of real importance,
both by reason of the interruption to railroad
traffic and the possible damage to crops. What
ever the real motive. It was beyond dispute
that there were large offerings of securities for
which there was no adequate demand, and
selling orders to stop losses were uncovered on
the descending scale. Declines were so great
that the prices that looked attractive as bar
gains were reached in many cases and buying
thus invited steadier prices and worked re
coveries. This was repeated several times dur
ing the day, and the market closed with an
other rally In full force, thus leaving the net
declines decidedly smaller than the extreme
declines during the day. A feature of the day
■was the marking up of call loans to 1% per cent
in accordance with the reduction in the sur
plus reserve. The local market paid no atten
tion to the firmer tone on foreign exchange
due to the subsidence of apprehension over the
West African situation, which was regarded
with such acute misgivings on the local ex
change on Saturday. London was a buyer on
balances in 'he New York market to-day.
The course of the bond market was in ac
cordance with stocks in both declines and
rallies. The loss at one time was from 1 to 2
! per cent in many leading bonds. Total sales,
$4 100, 000. States 4s of 1907 and 1923 were %
United States 4s of 1907 and 1923 were %
lower bid. ' . -to .w.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 578,200 |
shares, Including 10,776 Atchison preferred. 5100 j
• Chesapeake and Ohio. 38.876 Burlington, 13,.«b0
Louisville and Nashville, 31.230 Manhattan. 9iSo
Metropolitan, 3180 Reading preferred, 9861 Mis
souri Pacific. 5264 Missouri, Kansas and Texas '
! preferred. 3100 New Jersey Central. 22,500 New ,
! York Central. 13.760 Northern Pacific, 24.240 ;
> Northern Pacific preferred, 5230 Reading, 19.020
i Rock Island. 38.620 St. Paul. 5400 Southern pre
ferred 15.836 Union Pacific. 3570 Wabash pre- i
ferred, 13,344 Tobacco, 3384 Chicago Great West- j
crn 13.510 People's Gas, 3780 Consolidated Gas,
6810 General Electric, 92,570 American Sugar,
' 3607 Tennessee Coal and Iron, 5280 Leather pre
! ferred, 9120 Western Union. .--■-;:■
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12 StP&Om TO*
Do nref 28* n ° P ref lo
B a &rohlo::::::::& r oh lo :::::::: ff 6H6 H st pm & m m
Can Pacific ....... 89% So Pacific 19%
Can Southern .... 50 So Railway STs
Central Pacific .. 12 _ I>o V • y,; • " * " iii?
Ches A Ohio 21% TTT T e * tts i Pacific " 11%
Chi & Alton 165 U T nl °n Pa ci " c — ' 3 °
Chi B& Q 98 UPD&.G 9
Chi & E 111 56 Wabash 7
C&& St L.... 33 , v^° P r l f E :::: 9
Do pref 80> & L E.... 2%
Del & Hudson ... 110% Ago pref c^^
Del L & W 152% 'Companies
; Den & Rio G 12 Adams Ex 126
Do nref 471., American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) 14% United States .... 43
e Do Ist ■;:::: 38% Wells ' Far «° •— 115
Fort Wayne . I '. '. '. \ 170 *I A Miscellaneous-
Gt Nor pref ...... 154 A Cot Oil 1»
Hocking Val 6 ADoP™f , •• 7^
I Illinois Cent ...... 102% Amer Spirits 8
Lake Erie & W... \k I a^&cco-::: £J
Do pref 70VS Amer Tobacco ... 91
i Lake Kash-:::K ash-::: l^M. pi£f^::::: "' %•
i Louis & Nash ... SSVijP^P'V Gas 93%
Manhattan L .... 110% ons ,V a^ •^••"" ISO
Met St Ry 150% Com Cable C 0.... ISO
Mich Cent 108 V* c °\ F & Iron .... 20%
Minn &St L 27% -Do pr ef ... 70
Do Ist Dref 87 Gen Electric 34
\M? Pacific ...::.: »* "»««>«« Steel 50%
Mobile & Ohio ... 2S ,^ cl / de Gas 41
Mo X & T I' 1-*1 -* Lead 33
do pref .:::::::: 3C< Do pref 108
: Chi Ind &l .... sw £ at T Lin Oil 1,14
Do pref .. 2S Or Imp Co 28
Central' :::::: 93* £af»fle Mail :..... *5* :
iN V Central ... 114V4 Pullman Pal lSu%
NY Chi iSt L.. 18 Sliver Certificates 55% ;
■' Do Ist pref .... 73 Stan Rope & --- ,„!•?• ; '
Do 2d pref ..... 3.> Sugar .. 12,%
Nor West 14 _D? pref 1M ■'
No Amer Co .... 5% ■ ' Q * ' in 22
■■ No Pacific 22T, U f Leather (>%
Do pref 62 Ij> pref 62%
Ontario & W .... 15% * S Rubber ....... 18 ;
Or X * Nay .... 49% />o pref 6M, 2
'■ Or Short Line ... «0% West Union » :
; Plttsburg i 69% Chl & N \\ 123*
Reading i:»% I* pref 1«4%
Rock Island 88% SI L & S w 4%
St Louis & S F.. f%\ Do Ir e 9%
Do Ist pref .... 55% R <i « 22
i Do id pref 23% ! T 3 Do .P 1 ; ;•• 56 •
St Paul 94% Reading Ist pref.. 47^
• Do pref 147? Chi G W 13%
I Haw Com Co 30
CLOSING BONDS. 1
lU s new 4s reg.. 127% r T Cent lsts.... 116%
Do coupon 127% N J C .'3 .•••-...• 114 -g
I U c; 4S4 S 112% N° 1 " Carolina 65.. 12.'
i Do coupon".'.... 114 Do fours 103
Do seconds 100 No Pac lsts 11S%
D S 6s reg 113% . £0 3s 61%
Do 5s coupon .. 113% ! Do 4s ............ 96 ,
! District 3 65s .... 118% N V C & St L 4s. 10.
j Ala class A 108 .Nor &-W bs ..... IK
Do B ... 107 I Northwestern Con 142*6 j
! Do C .......... 100 ! Do deb 5s IIS
Do currency ... 100 \ ° Nay lsts 114
Atchison 4? 92% O Nay 4s ......... 96%
Do adj 4s ...... 60% O S Line 6s. tr... 124
; Can Sr. 2ds -. 110% O S Line ss. tr... 101
' Can Pacific lsts.. — O Imp lsts tr .... 112
; Chi Term S5Si Do ss. tr 60
, C & Ohio :>s 116% Reading 43 So
C, H & D 4-.5... 104% R G W lsts ...... 82%
I D & R G lsts.... 110% St L & I M C ss. 92
DA;R G4s .... 93% St L& SF Gen 6s 118
: East Term lsts .. 107 " St P Con- 142%
Erie Gen 4s 72% St Paul C &P Is. 121%
F W&- D Ist?, tr. 72 Do 5s 116%
i Gen Elec 5s ..:... 101 So Ry 5s 9-'
1G H & S A 65... 103 Stan R & Tfis.ofd. 60
Do seconds 105 Term, new set 3s. SI
H& T C ss, ofd.. 112 Tex Pac L G lsts. 101 .
Do con 6s 106 Do reg 2ds 32%
i 1-wa C lsts 103 Union Pae lsts... 12«%
! Kan P Con tr.... 108 VPD & G lsts... 66%
i X P Ist (Dn d).tr. 181% Wab Ist ,'.s 109%
! La New Cons 45.. 102 Do :ds i 9
i L & N Nni 4s .. 89% W Shore 4s 110%
I Missouri 6s 100 Va' Centuries .... 70 .
M X A T 2ds .... 62 j Do deferred .... 4
Do fours 88141 v
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 33 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va.... »0' Plymouth 8
Dead wood 7". Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.... 25 j Do pref :... 200 |
Hale & Norcross. 150 Sierra Nev 90 j
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 60 j
Iron Silver ....... 43 Union Con 38 |
Mexican 30 1 Yellow Jacket ... 25 I
!
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Feb. 21— Atchlson, 11%: Bell Tele
phone 275; Burlington, 87%; Mexican Central,
5%; Oregon Short Line, 30%; San Diego, — .
LONDON MARKETS.
I NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Evening Post's
[ London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened flat to-day on politics. A
recovery at midday was followed by a further
sharp fall, mainly on bear operations and
New York sales of Americans. Paris bought
steadily through the day. including Ameri
cans, but this was powerless to support the
■ market. Unless there should be a sharp rally
i to-morrow morning big differences are to be
! met. notably In Grand Trunk and Americans,
by weak operators. At the same time there
have also been commitments In the last few
1 days.
New York's heavy selling to-night, occur
ring on the eve of the settlement here and the
holiday In the United States to-morrow, de
moralized the market and caused a gloomy
feeling, Grand Trunk .and Canadian Pacific be
ing $3 to $6 lower than at the last settlement.
Argentines were better. Mines were dull. The
settlement in that market is featureless.
; Gold Ik in fair demand at 77s 9\A. but the
I demand is now confined to South America.
! There is good reason to believe that but for
i this bar gold might go to the Bank of Eng
land French exchange has been easier, but
closed firm at last week's high rate of 25.27.
It is expected that resumption of purchases of
, stocks here by French capital will induce a
1 further rise. France will also find it neces
| sary to make large purchases of wheat.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Receipt*.
21.225 barrels; exports, 9464 barrels. Moderate
ly active, firm and a shade higher on choice
grades; Minnesota patents, $5 35@5 50; do
bakers', $» 40@4 60; winter straits, $4 65@4 75;
winter extras, $3 70@4 10; winter low grades.
$2 90@3: •
; WHEAT— Receipts, 50,875 bushels; exports,
i 28,029 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, $1 09%
t. o. b:, afloat and to arrive. Options opened
firm at %@ll4c advance on : war rumors and
another squeeze of May shorts., The bulge in
vited selling, however, which, with bearish
weekly statistics, produced a midday reaction,
followed at the close by the sharp rally on
covering The market was finally steady at
yftlc net advance; No. 2 red May, $1 02%@
1 03%: closed, $1 03H.
HOPS— Firm. . . ♦ •
WOOL—
PETROLEUM— DuII. . ■
PIGI RON— very dull. $6 50<g;6 70.
TlN— Closed easier at $14@14 10. •
SPELTER— firm at $4 15®4 20. ■ ■ .
LAKE COPPER— CIosed firm. $11 30@ll 50.
LEAD— Closed easier. $3 77%@3 82^. The firm
that fixes the price for miners and smelters in
the West makes the price of lead $3 60.. -.■■- :
COFFEE— Options closed , barely steady, • with
I prices unchanged to 10 points net lower. Sales,
1 20.600 bags, including: March, $5 65<<ir. 75. Spot
i coffee— Kio, quiet; No. 7 - invoice, 6>,ic; No. 7
' Jobbing. 6%c. Mild, steady; Cordova, 7V4@
i 15>^e. ■■• • . - - - -"--'rv-.-ir'-:;
' , SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8300 packages; strong.
i Western creamery, 14H@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac-;
I tory, ll%c. •--■■-. • . . <
EGGS— Receipts. 4700 packages: strong; State
and Pennsylvania, 15c ; Western, laVfcc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. ' 21.— California dried
fruits, steady. - ■ ■
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, E©7%ic:
prime wire tray, . SQ'SVic; wood dried, prime,
'BHc; choice, B%c: fancy, 9@9%c. ' '■ >
PRUNES— S@Sc. " •
APRICOTS— RoyaI. S<Q7Hc: Moorpark. 9@llc.
• PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1 CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— 1t looked at the open
' ing in wheat as though there was to be an
| other wild day In the pit. May was bid for
; at the commencement all the way from fl 06 to
j $1 07%, the higher of the figures being an ad
: vance of l%c over Saturday's closing »>rlce
j Most of the bidding was at $1 06 and the prices
settled there for a moment. Then it roße rap
! Idly to |1 07%. declined a cent and worked back
more slowly to II 07. July was affected also,
though not showing such rapid or violent flue
■ tuattons. The break in New Vow stocks and
i the war talk in the morning papers undoubt
; edly had a good deal of influence on shorts,
; whose anxiety to cover was responsible for the
I nervousness the market displayed. The Leiter
representatives claim they did nothing at to
1 day's market. The crowd believed that a good
| portion of the buying was done on every soft
spot for his credit, and this belief added to
the general nervousness. Wheat on ocean pass
age showed an Increase for the week of 2,320,
000 bushels. This provoked lively selling fr./tn
•• scattered longp. Up to midday the market
■ showed a series of fluctuations more or less
i violent, May being bid up at one time to $1 08,
but dropping at once to $1 07%. July acted
heavier and did not get at any time above
93% c. The visible figures were a disappoint
| ment to the hulls. They showed a decrease of
I but 301,000 bushels, and but for the heavy de
j crease at Chicago, owing to the Leiter ship
ments, there would probably have been an in-
I crease. Free selling both of July and May fol
lowed this announcement. Toward the close
a sudden bulge In New York, and the good ex
port b'lsinees from the Atlantic ports, 572,000
bushels, injected some strength Into the drop
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTJESDAT, FEBRUARY 22, 1898,
ping market and a slow rally followed. At the
close May was bringing U 06% and July 92% c.
There was heavy selling of corn from every
direction, but country offerings were small and |
cables flrm. May closed %c lower.
Oats was similar to that of corn in Its action. |
May closed %c lower at 26% c.
Provisions were fairly active and irregular. |
At the close May pork was 2V4c lower at $11,
May lard 2%c higher at $5 25 and May rlbb 2 ; iC
lower at $6 25.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
February '...•.... _ .... 107
May 107% 108 106 106%
Ju1y..... ...93 93% 91% 92%
Corn No. 2— '-" -; ■
May \ 31% 31% 30% 30%
July.... 32* 32% 31 i, 32%
September 34 34 33% 33%
Oats No. 2— .
May 27% 27% 26% 26%
July 25 25 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May....... II 12%' 1112% 10 95 1100
July 1115 1115 10 95 1100
Lard, per 100 lt>s—
May 525 5 27% 5 22% 625
July ....5 32% 535 530 6 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 1. 530 5 32% 5 22% 525
July 5 37% 640 530 5 32%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, ;
slow; No. 2 spring wheat, nominal: No. 3
spring wheat. 91@94c; No. 2 red. $1 05@l 05%;
No. 2 corn, 29%<g29%c; No. 2 oats, 26% c; No.
3 white, f. o. b.. 28%<iri : 29%c; No. 2 rye, 50c;
No. 2 barley, f. o. b., 32@39c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$123%; prime timothy seed, $2 921*02 95; mess
pork, per bbl, $10 95@11; lard, per 100 tbs, $5 17%
<g5 20; short ribs sides (loose), $5 15@5 40; dry
salted - shoulders (boxed), $4 75@0; . short clear
sides (boxed), $5 50@5 60; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gal, $1 18%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 16,000 16,000
Wheat, bu 56.000 88,000
Corn bu 429,000 360,000 |
Oats, bu 319,000 211,000 j
Rye. bu 10,000 1,000
Barley, bu 60.000 28,000 !
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter '
market was firm; creameries, 13@19c; dairies, j
Il<gl7c; cheese, quiet, S(g-B%c; eggs, firm, fresh,
He. .
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
BS3&I Receipts. Shipmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. !
Minneapolis ........... 188,860 45.150 |
Duluth 27.319
Milwaukee : 19.500 5.200
Chicago 64.779 58.138
Toledo .«. 9.692 . 6.600
St. Louis 15,000 73,000
Detroit 5,057 9.442!
Kansas City .131.500 31.500 I
Totals 451.707 264.040
Tidewater —
Boston 22.40S .
New York 60,875 28.025
Philadelphia 4.62:; 4.000
Baltimore 86.299 ; 55.200
New Orleans
Totals 164.205 ' 87,225
PARIS FUTURES. ;H?K
HOLIDAY.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening .
Closing
Flour-
Opening , ....
Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July . Sept. Dec.
Opening .....8 1% 77% 7 3"% 68% 67% i
Closing.- i 1% 7 7% 7 4 6 8% ■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 21. — CATTLE — Stronger j
from ■ the start, with sales on an average of
15c higher. Sales were on a basis of $3 90® ;
4 50 for poor to medium grades of dressed beef !
steers, $4 73(&'5 for good to choice shipping cat- j
tle and $5 25^5 50 for strictly prime well-fin
ished beeves: stockers and feeders, $3 85@4 60. I
Texas cattle were In small supply and sold !
better, prices ranging from $3 70@4 70; calves !
sold at $4 25<g6 75.
HOGS— SoId at an extreme range of $3 35ffj)
4 27%. largely at $4 10@4 20. with late sales
largely at $1 6594 13.
SHEEP— Were wanted at $3$J3 50 for fie
poorest up to $4 sO(fi4 60 for choice fed Wi'rt- :
em.-;, sales being largely at $4 and upwar i. ;
Yearlings sold for {4 50@5 and lanils3 at $4*j)
4 50 for inferior, up to $5 60 for prim-? light
weight-flocks, not many going under $5 Heavy
export sheep were salable at $4 35®4 40.
Receipts— 11.500; hogs, 23.000; sheep,
20.000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Feb. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500.
Market s@loc higher; native beef steers, $3 75®
4 SO;- Western steers, $3 60^4 50; Texas steers, i
$363 70; cows and heifers. $2 9Q@'S So; manners, ,
tVsil 90; stockers and feeders, $3 50@4 75; calves. '
$4^6: bulls and stags. $2 40©3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 2400. Market 5c higher;
heavies. $3 90©4; mixed. $3 90@3 95; light. $3 90®
4: bulk Of sales, $3 95@3 97.
SHEEP— 3300. Market steady; fair I
to choice natives. $3 SO'g'4 80; fair to choice !
Westerns, $3 70@4 60; common and stock sheep,
$3&4; lambs, $4 25<§o 60.
DENVER.
DENVER. Feb. 21.— Receipts. 600.
Market steady to strong; beef steers, $2 75®
4 15; cows, $2 75@3 70; stockers and feeders,.
$3 SO© 4 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market firm and 5c !
higher; light packers. $3 95<g4; mixed, $3 90@
3 96; heavy, $3 Ss@3 90.
SHEEP — No receipts. Good demand ior mut
tons.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 2500 natives; 1300 southern. Market
quiet, steady to 10c higher. Nothing above
medium quality offered; dressed beef. $3 !(><s■
4 80; choice. $5@5 50; Western ted steers, $3 75
@4 40; cows and heifers, $2 25<§'4; stockers and
feeders, largely $3 70(g4 50; fancy yearlings,
$5 06.
HOGS— Receipts, official. 8800. Market active,
steady to s@loc higher. Common hogs plenty
and about steady; bulk of sales, $3 85@4:
heavies and packers, $3 8534 20; mixed and
medium. $3 80i&4; lights. $3 fs©3 90; pigs, $3 60
@3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 6500. Demand
good; market steady. Western muttons, J3 Ss#
4 25; choice muttons, $4 2504 60. Lambs, mar
ket weak.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Feb. 21.— The recent firmness
In the wheat market as usual has scared hold
ers out of the market and there was very
little selling to-day. The local market Is firm
without much change in prices; In fact, the
prices toward the close of last week in some
cases were considerably In advance of ex
port values, a few sales" of Walla Walla being
reported as high as SOc. To-day the quota
tions ranged from 77c to 79c, with Valley and
Blue Stem 80<©81c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 21.— Wheat opened 2c higher
in sympathy with other markets and closed
strong. No. 1 Club, 77^c; No. 1 Blue Stem.
80Hc.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Feb. 21.— Exchanges, $472,054;
balances, $67,044.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Consols, 112 7-16; Silver,
25% d; French rentes, 103f 75c.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 21— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 38s; cargoes off coast, firm,
3d higher; cargoes on passage, firm, 3d higher;
English country markets, firm; French country
markets, eot=y; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 Cal
ifornia, Ss 2'TjdraSs 3V*d; Wheat in Paris, holi
day; Flour in Paris, holiday; qutintlty Wheat
and Flour on passage to U. X., 3,240,000; quan
tity Wheat and Flour on passage to Continent,
1,3!»0,000; Imports into U. K. for week, 310,000
barrels Flour; 199,000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Uplands, 3" 11-32 d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday, February 19, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Inc. Dec.
Bush. Bush. Bush.
Wheat 35.432.000 202,000
Corn 39,908,000 1,316,000
Oats 13.362,000 651,000
Rye 3,634.000
Barley 2.314,000 354,000
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $225,148,969; gold reserve.
$167,041,415.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86
I Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 50%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull at the last
j quoted rates, owing to the deficient rainfall.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a reg
tered tonnage of 29,400 against 19,400 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 29,700
tons against 94.800; on the way to this port,
183,560 tons against 199,400.
WHEAT— The Pierre Cornellle takes for
Cape Town 41.096 ctls. valued at J64.R00.
Futures advanced, partly In sympathy with a
j rise from $1 Ofi to $1 08 in Chicago, and partly
owing to the disappointment in regard to the
I light rainfall In the San Joaquln. Spot prices
] were firm, but unchanged.
I Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
for No. 1, $1 43%(5t 4, r i for choice and $1 47%©
I 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
Isl 43%; 2000, $1 43%. December — 4000, $1 35%;
i 4000, $1 30%; 2000. $1 35; 2000, $1 35%; 14,000,
I $1 36%; 2000, $1 35%. '
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 35%;
8000, $1 35%: 16.000, U 36%: 2000, $1 36%: 2000.
II 36; 4000. fl 36 U.. May— 2ooo, II 44; 2000. |1 44%;
2000, II 45%; 6000. |1 45%; 2000. 11 45%; 2000,
11 44%: 24,000, 11 45.
Regular mornln- session — December — 2000 ctls.
II 35%: 10.000. |1 35%; 14,000. |1 35\; 6000, |1 35%;
34.000, $1 35%. Mav— 4ooo, $1 45; 2000, $1 44%;
6000, $1 44%;12,00f1, $1 44% ; 4000. $1 44%. •:
Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 35;
2000, :$1 35% ; 2000. $1 35%. May— $1 ; 44% ;
2000. $1 44%; 22.000, $1 44
BARLEY— rain was a disappointment to
the trade for it was insignificant just where it
was most needed, and futures went up sharply
In consequence, but spot • prices were undis
turbed. ■ ■ ■■■..-•. - . • .
Feed, $1 05@l 07% : r dark to good and $1 10
for choice: Brewing, $1 15<i?l 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 12% per o*f for dark Coast. ; •;-;
CALL BOARD SALES. "
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— — iOOO ctls,
$1 02.
Second session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 04; 2000,
$1 04^; 10.000, $1 05; 10,000, $1 05%; 4000, $1 06%;
2000. $1 06%; 26,000. $1 06. '
Regular morning : session— May— 6ooo ctls,
$105%: J2; 000 $1 051 2000, $1 0&%; 18,000. $1 06;
8000, $1 06%. .
Afternoon session— May— 4ooo ctlß, $1 05%;
2000, $1 05%; 6000. $1 06.
OATS— Dealers report previous prices for all
descriptions, with a quiet market. Supplies
are ample for all needs.
Fancy feed. •$1 22%@i 25 per ctl; good ■ to
choice, $1 17%@l 22%; common, $1 12%@1 15:
Surprise, $1 25@l 30; red, $1 35@1 45; gray, $1 15
@1 17%; milling. $1 20©l 25; black, for seed,
$1 35@1 CO. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN— market is dull enough, but there
is no decline in prices Receipts are sufficient
for all needs.
Small round yellow, $1 I<XSI 15 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 07%@i 10: white. $1 07%« l 10.
RYE-Steady and unchanged at $1 05(31 07%
per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers continue to report a fair demand
on local and export account at the old prices.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 65(54 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30®4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ti per lw lbs; Rye FL>ur. »2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
do, $3; Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, »4; Hom
iny. $3 10(f3 30; Buckwheat Flour, J4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, *3 26: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 2505 65; in
sacks, $5 05<t5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas,
J3 75: Green Peas. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The rain produced no effect whatever on the
Hay market, which was fully as firm as on
Saturday. The fall was light in the Salinas
and San Joaquin. where it was most needed,
the bay and northern counties getting the
lion's share.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN- »19<519 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 522024 per ton.
FEEDBTUFFB— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2* su(a>2!t 30;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $£8$!30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
C«^\ 50; Cracked Corn, J24@25; Chopped Feed,
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $17(819
per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16^18; Oat, $H oo<fi
16 50; Barley, $14^ 16 50; compressed. $16017 SO;
Alfalfa, $10 Z0(Sll 30; Btock. $WQI2; Clover,
$11 60®12 50; Nevada Timothy, $13 C 0&14 per ton.
STRAW-35@45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Lima Beans have again advanced. Pinks and
Bayos are rather easy than otherwise. Specu
lators continue sharp buyers of whites in the
country.
There is no further change to report in
Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90®3 05: Small Whites.
$1 ro«l tiO; Large Whites. *I 8091 55: Pinki.
$2 60(5?2 70; Reds. $2 ® 2 25; Blackeye. 2 40<a>2 50;
Butters. $1 40 Q 1 56; Limas. $2 15«j2 25; Pea,
SI 800] 55; Red Ki.ineys. $3 fci©l 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75 @3 per ctl;Yel
low Mustard. $2f12 50: Flax, $2 30; Canary Seed,
S^e^c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape, 2<&2%c;
Hemp, 3c: Timothy, 514 c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $2®
2 05 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are weak and dull under heavy sup
plies, though prices are no lower. Onions show <
little change. Asparagus is weaker.
POTA'fOjSS— Early Hose. 65®75c; Klver Redft.
50960 c; River Burhanks, tM<(i7oc per sack; Ore-
K. n Burbanks, 70c«$l 05: Salinas Burbanks.
flocTisl 20: Petali:ma Burbanks. Mo7Oc: Pwe-t
Potatoes, 25 (g 50c per ctl for Rivers and $1
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes — - per lb.
ONIONS— S2 25i&2 50 per ctl; Oregons, $2 60®
2 7L; cut onions. %Z'li'l 2."' per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 10c per It); Ala
meda Green Peas. SffflOc per tt>; Mushrooms,
5®12%c; Marrowfat Squash. $20ff25 per ton;
Dried Peppers, 6(S7c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c;
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Carrots, 25<&60c per
sack; Garlic. S@4%c per Kb; Asparagus. 12H®
25c per lt>.
Los Angeles Green Peas. 4^6c; String Beans.
B@lsc; Tomatoes. $I®l 50; Green Peppers. 25c
per tb; Summer Squash. - — ; Egg Plant. 15c
per tb; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l 25 per
dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes. sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c: Swept Potatoes, 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoe9, 50c.
PomvrnY and game.
Two oars of Eastern go on to-day.
Dressed Turkeys glut the market. Young
I Poultry is firm.
Game rules firm and prices are somewhat
better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeyß, 9(5100 for Gob
blers and 9@li>c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
B<gllc Per Ib; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Gos
lings, $2 50(53; Ducks. $4iffri 50 for old and $7«rS
for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; Roosters, young, $5
<&6; Roosters, old, $3 50<ij'4; Fryere, $5 50ig6;
Broilers, $505 50; for large and $3 50® 4 50 for
small ; Pigeons, $2@2 50 per dozen for young
and $1 for old.
GAME- Quail, per doz, $1 2.; Mallard, $2 50®
3 50; Canvasbaik. $3175; Sprig. $1 25111 50; Teal.
H®l 25; Widgf.m, $1; Small Ducks, 75c; Gray
Geese. $1 50(52. White. 60@75c; Brant, $1;
Honkers. $3; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1;
Hare, $1: Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter has again declined and stocks are ac
cumulating. Ptnre Eggs are In good demand
and higher, but ranch are still neglected.
There Is no change In Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24c; seconds, 22
@23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@21c; second
grades, 19c per fh.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 19@21c; ladle
packed. 15@17 l *;c per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10q: common to
good, B<&9Vic; ("ream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12V*
(gl3>ic per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, lU4@l3c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@HVfeo.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
With the exception of Mexican Limes the
market is well stocked with all seasonable
varieties and prices are generally weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 405j50c per box for common, 65@$1
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES-s7@B per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 25®
2 25; Seedlings. SOcGfl; Mandarins, $ng>l 00 for
large and 50#75c for small boxes; Grape Fruit,
&ucj!s2 50 per box; Lemons, &Oi?j7oc for com
mon and $1(82 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $6; California Limes, In small boxes,
GortfSOc; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market is still as dull as ever and there
is nothing new to report. *'•'.■
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4»4@
4%c for 40-50' s, 3%@4&c for 60-60' s, 3%@3%c
for 60-70' b, 2%®3'4c lor 70-84CB. 2>4@2%c for 80
90' b, l%@2V*c for 90-100' Peaches, : 3@4%c;
fancy, s@sVfec; peeled. lO@l2V6c; Apricots. D@6c
for Royals ■ and 7@Bc for | good to fancy | Moor- -
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6% @7*4c; sun-dried,
4@sc; black Figs, in sacks. 2(§>2%c; Plums,
4V4@4%c for pitted and l@l^c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, r>@sy 4 c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy Pears, ■ ( 6f4%c '. - for ; quarters
and 3@sHc for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown. 3@3V4c for three
crown, 3?i<(?4c ; for four-crown, -\ 6c : for .■ Seedless
Sultanas, 3>4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c. . •
Chestnuts • are quotable at 8c per
lb; : Walnuts, 6@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2%@3V4c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4'«5 1 for Eastern and : 4V4c for- California;
Pecans, 6V4@Sc; Filberts, 8%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 per 100. ■
HONEY— New Comb, B@loc for bright and 6@
"c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed.; 4V4@sc; light amber extracted, ; 3%@4%c
BEESWAX T^23@2Sc per Ib. ,
BEESWAX— 23?T2r,c per Ib.
x PROVISIONS.
Dealers are still selling at < the old prices,
which are below ; the parity : of : the Eastern
markets, and which would be higher were.it
not for local competition. The "demand for all
kinds is sharp. '. '. ■ :: • ;
■ Cottolene In tierces Is higher. - t ' ■
CURED MEATS— 9c per /Ib or
heavy, 9%c for light ; medium, ■ 10V4c for ■ light,
lie : for ; extra light and : 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ; sugar-cured Hams. 10^@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, $10; family do, ; $ll(ft>12; Salt Pork,
{9; extra prime Pork. $10: extra ear,. 118
mess. $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per Ib. .»^7,~.
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 6%c per It)
for compound and 6%c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California ' tierces, 6%c t per ■Ib " for compound
and - 6%c . for • pure ; ; half-barrels, ; 6^c; ■ 10-Ib
tins, 7%c; do 6-lb,- 7%c. *
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6H@6%c; packages,
■less than SCO — 1-lb palls, 60 In a case. B%c;
3-tb pails, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-Tb palls. 12 In a
case. ,B^4c; 10-lb palls. ; 6 in a case, BV4c; 50-tb
tins, j one or two in a case, 7%c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs ne',.T»c; fancy tubs, * 80 lbs net, ?%o;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, VAc per Ib. '.*.-- ........_
. .■■•: -■■,-.. ■„-... :..'■.. .;.. '.-■., '■ ■ . ■' ■ '
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quoted firm, but not active. Wool
and Hops are dull and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
If under aour.l stock. Heavy s-ali'i-1 *r.-i-rs,
10%4iUlc; medium. 9V4c; light, 9@9V4c; Cowh'.diJß,
tKffSkc; stags. 6@6V4c; salted Kip, 10c; KmM,
lie; dry Hides, 17<gl7Uc; culls and brands, 13 £
©Me; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; dry Calf, 18(0
20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@37}ic each;
i Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, Rood summer, 25@30c
| per It>; medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20&30 c each; short wool, 40@70e
each; medium. 7u@9oc; long wools, 90c@$l 30
I each.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3®SV4c per tb; No.
2, 2p2'/4c; refined. s£; Grease, 2(fi2%c.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free, 10®
13c; do defective, 10(3Mc; San Joanuin. defect
ive. 7if?9c; Southern Mountain, 9(Sllc; free
Northern, 12(S)13c; do defective. 9®llc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, ISOISc; Eastern Oregon,
9®l3e: Valley Oregon. 16<fflSc.
HOPS— OM crop. 2#6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop. lliSH^c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 189S delivery,
s%ig>s%c; Wool Bags, 27«30&: San Quentin,ss 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington. $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 75; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton;
Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
l>4-lnch. 7%c; 12-thread. B>4c; 6 and 9 thread.
B%c; bale rope, TiitgHVtC. Sisal— lVi-lnch. 6^;
12-thread, 7«4c; 6 and 9 thread, 7%c; bale rope,
6%(5i7ViC.
CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
at $1 25(??1 50; White Cherries, $1 25(3-1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c(jf$l 10; Apricots, 60<5>90c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes, 75c.
COFFEE—
We quote: Costa Rica— l7V>i??lSc for prime
washed; 14H@15c for good washed; 17Vi@18c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 16^@17c
for good peaberry; 14617 c for good to prime; Is
@12M:C for good current mixed with black
beans; 9%@lH4c for fair; 5H@!? 1 ,-ic for common
I to ordinary.
Salvador — 14(5150 for good to prime washed;
i 12^13'^c for fair washed; lEOttttc for good to
! prime washed peaberry; lOigllc nominal for su
perior unwashed ; &?i©9c for good green un
washed: 12@13c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Nicaragua— S^fgllc for good to superior un
washed; 12>?J13c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7^ 10c for prime ty
fancy washed: Ur 2 ®\6c for good to strictly
good washed; VilffU^c for fair washed: 7<?»10e
for medium: 5@6 3 ;c for common to ordinary;
16%@18c for good to prime washed peaberry:
U"f(l3c for good unwashed peaberry; S^gllc for
good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles per lb, Z\c:
cases, selected, per lb, 4'ie; cases, imitation
Eastern, per lb, 4%e; boneless, per lb, sc;
strips, Norway, per lb, sh*c; strips. Narrow
Gauge, per lb. 5%c; strips. Silver King, per lb,
6'ic; blocks. Clipper, per lb, sc: blocks. Ori
ental, per lb. 5?;e; blocks. Seabright. per lb.
6%c: tablets, Crown Brand, per lb. 7Vic; mid
dles, Goldpn State, per lb. 5 3 Jc; middles. Whltt,
Seal, per doz, SVic: desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
doz. 80c; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8; pickled
cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 90c per gal (manufacturers' rates): Lin
seed Oil, in bbls, boiled, 53c; do raw, 51c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
bbls. 55c; No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut. 47Q&&C per gal; Neatsfoot Oil, bbls. 60c,
cases, esr; No. 1, bbls. 50c; cases, 55c; Sperm,
crude. 60c; natural white. SOc; bleached do, Ssc;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40c; bleached do. 45c;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25(31 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. HMjc
per gal.; Pearl nil, in cases. 17c; Astral do,
17c; Star do, 17c: Extra Star do, 21c; Elaine
do, 22c; Eocene do. 19c; Deodorized Stnve Ciaso
line, in bulk. 12c; do in cases. 17'jc; 63 degree ;
Naphtha, in bulk. IIV2C: do In cases. 16'^c; 86
degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; do In cases 25c.
-WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6© 7 c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 52c; in Iron barrels,
47c; in wooden barrels, 49c per gallon.
LIVOL— Boiled, bbls, 43c; do cases, 48c; raw,
bbls. 41c: do cases; 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— Parafflne Wax are higher. The
Standard Oil Company quotes as follows:
Electric -Light, 6s, 16 oz., 7%c; 14 oz., 6V*c; 12
oz., s^c; 10 oz. 4Hc. Parafflne Wax Candles —
Is. 2s. 4s. 6s and 12s, white. 7%c; colored. B%c.
LEATHKR- Harness, heavy, 30iS35c per lb:
do medium. 28c; do light. 26iff27c; rough,
medium, 2Sc; do light, 2G®27c: rough
Leather, 22@23c; Kips, $40*?45 per dozen: Calf,
McOfl per lb.; rough splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife
splits, 101T12c; Collar Leather, black. lCS^c
per foot: do russet, 10(&'12c; Skirting Leather.
3i«535c per lb.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 6%c; Extra C, 5»4c; Golden C. 5Hc:
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A. s'/4c per
lb; half barrels %t more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is firm at the advance. Beef rules
steady at the old prices. Hogs are very firm
and sales at the top figure are reported, though
there is very little of such stock being re
ceived at the moment. Arrivals of Spring
Lambs are still light.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second do. BH©
6c; third do, 4<Ssc per rt>.
VEAL— Large, 6®~6Vic; small, 7<g>7Hc per Tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7"4#Bc; Ewes, 7@7%c
per !b.
LAMB— Spring, 12H@15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4>4e for large, 4c for
*mall and 4»4<S4^c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3Hc; dressed do, 6<S'7e per lb.
WOOD, LUMBER. ETC.
Posts, B@loc each for No. 1 and 5%@6c for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough,
$6 50; peeled. $9; Pine. $5 75.
LUMBER — Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $ll(iJ14 for No. 1
and $9 50«?n for No. 2, extra sizes higher. Red
wood— $14(g17 for No. 1 and $11@12 50 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $1 70@l SO; Pickets, $16; Shingles,
$1 25 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Rustic,
$19@21; Shakes, $8.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, February 21.
Flour, qr sks 42,056 Middlings, sks .. 650
Wheat, ctlß 151,6.is Hay, tons 639
Barley, ctls 7,975 Hops, bales 9
Corn, ctls 1,25-'» Wool, bales 2
Cheese, ctls 24 Eggs, doz 8,310
Butter, ctlß 139 Hides, no 606
Tallow, ctls 133 Pelts, bdls 240
Beans, sks 2,503 1 Leather, rolls ... 41
Potatoes, sks .... 2.853jW1ne, gals 87,350
Onions, sks 11 Silver, flasks 19
Bran, sks 1,085!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls SO'J |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna M. Wempe to Wilhelm Wempe, lot on
S line of Oak street, 137:6 E of Buchanan, E
b2:6 by S 120; gift.
John J. McCarthy to Mary T. McCarthy, lot
on N line of Page street, 56:3 E of Clayton, E
25 by N 100; gift.
James Otis to Lucy H. Otis, undivided 1-27
of lot on NW corner of Greenwich and San
some streets, \V 91 :S by N 68:9; $5.
Patrick and Lucy Walsh to Walter E. Dean,
lot on W line of Taylor street, 62:6 N of Eddy,
N 25 by W SO; $10.
John Forsyth to Margaret Forsyth, lot on W
line of Third avenue, 300 N of Point Lobos, N
25 by W 120; gift.
W. H. Coombe, C. E. Gregory, H. I. Nager
and Frances Gehrlcke (by Landing Mizner,
commissioner) to Phebe A. Hearst, all of O L
block 11X8; $3(100.
William JelltnsrH to I. E. J.ellings (wife of
William), re-record of 1643 a 252. lot 1, block H,
Railroad Homestead Association; gift.
Alice Nelson to Matilda Burke, lot on S line
of Sadowa street. 196 E of Orizaba, E 49 by S
125, lots 9 and 10. block C, Railroad Homestead
No. 2; $10.
Clarence D. and Grace L. Vincent to Lulu E.
Chapman, lot on SW corner of Twenty-eighth
street and Stanyan avenue, S 22S by W 155,
Stanford Heights; S5.
Alameda County.
Edward Wall to Margaret Wall, lot on E
line of Filbert street, 169 S of West Fifth, S 50
by E 125, being lots 18 and 19, block 4JSI, Ade
line and Market-street Homestead, Oakland;
gift.
James and Sarah Fallon to Mary Renton
(wife of H. T.), lot on N line of Nineteenth
street, 100 W of Curtis, W 53:10 by N 100, being
lot 10, block O, Barnes tract, Oakland; $10.
M. and E. E. Rlnehart to Margaret A. Nes
bitt (wife of Joseph), lot on NE line of Hamil
ton place, 443.H6 NW of Oakland avenue, NW
60 by NE 90, being lot 16, Hamilton tract, Oak
land: $10.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association (a
corporation) to Harriet F. Bush (wife of War
ren), lots 217 to 220. block N, Beulah Park
property, to correct former ded, East Oak
land; $10.
Charles Babb to Emma Hare, lot 14, block 2,
Butler tract. Oakland Annex, quitclaim
deed ; $5.
J. C. and Catherine 8. Schmidt to Henry and
Sabne Lonnels, lot on E line of Seventh street,
320 S of Bancroft way, S 40 by E 135, being the
S 20 feet of lot 24 and N 10 feet of lot 23,
block 124, corrected map of Raymond tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Henrietta F. Cornwall to Edward Q. and
Anna Keene, lot on S line of Enclnal avenue,
183 E of Grand street, 8 140 by E 90, being lots
1 and 2, block G. Oak Park, subject to a mort
gage for $600 and another mortgage for $2000,
Alameda; $10.
Hannah Daly to John Daly, lot on NE corner
of Lincoln and Willow streets, E 25 by N 100,
block C, Oakland Point Homestead, Oakland:
gift.
Adelaide Savage to Henry P. Dalton, all In
terest in lot on SW line of Twelfth street as
now widened, 127:6 W of Campbell, W 62:6 by
S 125, being lots 1 and 2, and W" half of lot 3
block 2, Plot of Tract 383. except the N 10 feet
of said lots taken for widening Twelfth street.
Oakland; grant.
Tecumsch S. Brady to same, all Interest
same, Oakland; gift.
Johanna K. and A. M. Tobbenboske to Emi
ly E. Baratow, lot on SW corner of West
Eighteenth and Chestnut streets, W 120 by S
61, Oakland; $10.
M. and E. E. Rlnehart to Augusta L. Zabel
lot on SW line of Hamilton place, 433.35 NW
of Oakland avenue, NW 30 by SW 90, being
lot 22, Hamilton Traflt, Oakland; 410.
H. V. and I. C. Motnsen to Thomas J. Stan
ton, lot on S line of Walton or Thirty-fifth
street. 591:11 E of San Pablo avenue. E 35 S
146:6. W 35, N 140:4%. to beginning, being por
,tlon Cotter Tract, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Rev. R. M. Pipernt (owner) with L. C'-
eghlno (contractor) architects She" & Si ft .
All work for a frame church and dwell.. .g
house on. lot in Academy Tract, bounded by
Mission. Francis. Alemany avenue and Croke
street; $4740.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
G A Hamlin, Chicago I W Dunlop. N V
Mrs Hamlin, Chicago lira Dunlop, N V'
| W C Peyton. S Cruz I. Ruppin & w. N V
I H Gruiage, Brooklyn 1 ("ampbell. Portland
H X Bigelow, N V l> II Percy Jr. S Lake
Count Colloredo, Aus- A G Dunn, Seattle
trla l> J Smith. Reno
Count Lederburg, Aus- } F Evans, Minn
trla Mrs Evans, Minn
G Carr, London !j T. Duncan, St Louis
J M Barney, Cal ,£ A Kenny, Portland
H Dusque. Colfax E Ingalls & w, N V
! H Lobuer, Colfax I F L Orcutt. Sacto
! R D Stephens, Sacto |t> Hutchinson, Omaha
! R Orkmann, Chicago A W Warnock. Minn
| Mrs Orkmann, Chicago -Mrs Warnock, Minn
! B S Rector, Nev Cit> 'Miss Brundage. Minn
! Mrs Rector, Nev City Mrs Sawle, Minn
I Miss Rector, Nev C'.tyiJ S Mc-Laln, Minn
i T A Grifnn&f, Chicago iMrs McLain, Minn
j H Griffin. Chicago 'Mrs Gillette. Minn
C A Taylor. Buffalo J S Carvalho, X V
S Stiebel, N V Mrs Carvalho. N V
F H Short, Fresno jC E Graham. Chicago
Mrs Short. Fresno V I) Black Salinas
F H Green, S Rafael L Uhfelder. N V
R G Calder, Chicago J B Agen & s, Seattle
J C Drake, L Ang Mrs J Gallagher, N V
Mrs Drake, L An« F T Butler. Toronto
B Trlpp. S Diego J R Schmidt&w, Minn
G O Wales, Boston W Anderson&w. Minn
Mrs Wales, Boston G F Bulen, N T
H Warner&w, Chicago F W I"ag.\ Marysville
H O Parker, w & c, J P LeCount & w,
Chicago Marysvllle
R S Agnew, Boston Susie LeCount. Marysvl
8 J Kline, Chicago j H Taylor&w, Madison
Mrs Kline, Chicago I
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Corson & w, Okld J L Burkett & w. Salt
1 G P Waller, Pa Lake
F E Eldred, Chicago ! C H Leggett, Merced
! J Heustis, Chicago I Miss C H Walker, Cal
E F Wright, Auburn j R H Walker, Cal
F S Rosomaye, Cal | E A Thomas. Chicago
A H Burnham, Folsom; A Cox, Chicago
R F Kooney. Auburn | C M Rood. N V
W Calder, Orangevale | T T Pestee, Eureka
A Cooper, Grass Val T T Ricks, Eureka
S Mason & w. Chicago H H White. Cal
H H Stuart & w. Coloi J H Parker & w, Colo
| C Hollis. Hanford i Miss P Pellerano, Cal
! J D Landaie, Fresno I Miss M Pellerano, Cal
R B Lawson, Fresno ; N A Pellerano, Cal
E J Sherman, S Jose | C Eriokson. Cal
C F A. lams & w, N V | Mrs W E Gerber Cal
J Levy. Lakeport i Miss A Gerber. Cal
W B Merrick. Auburn ' C E Haber & w. Seatle
S V Rylond. Stockton A B Banta, Cal
I M T Hall, Fresno W G Andrews, Cal
J B Hadding, Boston ; F Bishopricl;. S Jose
E S Hooper, Denver ■ H Lewis. S Rosa
J W Gillette, Eureka J H Bailey. N V
T W Coman, Chicago ; J R Barrett, N V
Mrs M T Wyatt, Or C T M.-Cullough. Seat
L E Hartley. NY i C C Grimwood, Seattle
Mrs G Malcolm, Cal i A McDonald. Seattle
E L Barkis. Oakdale ! S B Davis Jr. Seattle
W H Buckley, Stktn j E J Sherman, S Jose
G T Howell. Frenso I L R Vance. Vallejo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C P Lalvln, St Helena R Summers, U S N
H Oppileger, Kern R W Foster, N V
G Cochran, Prlceton J B Olcese, Merced
E C Smith. Prlceton J G Hunter. Cal
E J Caldwell, Helena Miss E Brooks. Sonora
J Hynes, Woodland R G Fahn. Oakland
J Hunt. Sacto Mrs R G Fahn. Oakld
L Boland, U S N I R English, Vallejo
M E Harris, Oakland Mrs English, Vnllejo * j
N Abrams, Hanford i Mrs A Parey, Vacavlle i
L J Abrams. Hanford t I) R Murphy, Vacavlle ;
Miss G Byne. NY I C Tnieax. Chicago
R M Johnson, NY I J F Parks. Jackson
M L Kaiser. Stockton Mrs C Armstrong, Cal
F A Davorx, Stockton F Brown, San Jose
J C Pierson. Sacto J O'Nell, Boston
C Klpke, Merced
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Nelson & f, Colo G A Wilson, St Helena
R Nauman, Denver P J O'Brien. S Rafael
J Anderson, Hanford L Raphael. Cal
W O Clough, Vlsalla J R Diekson, Stockton
W B Bagley, D&viffvl P Christenson. S Cruz j
B Farren, S Cruz M Long. Bak^rsfleld
H Clamer. Sacto C Johnson. Visalia
J Williams. Calistoga M Porter. Vacaville
J Cramer, L Ans H E Hirhardson. Nev I
G Miller, S Jos*; J W Kyle, Portland
J C Flynn, L Ang
STARVING FOR PLEASURE.
Prolonged hunger is without doubt
the most terrible suffering to which the
human frame can be exposed, said a
physician recently, to the writer. Yet
I have known cases where a man has
actually, of his own free will, deprived
himself of the necessities of life, al
though well able to procure them. I
do not speak of professional fasting
men, but what may be termed ama
teurs.
Not very long ago a well known
young fellow in society very nearly
killed himself in this way. He made a
heavy wager that he would abstain
from food of any sort for the period of
seven days, drinking only a little water
during that time. At the end of the
third day his condition was so serious
that medical advice was necessary, and
the young man is likely to feel the re
sults of his foolhardy experiment for
some time to come.
In these days, when realism is the
keynote of much of our literature, one
can hardly be surprised at anything
which the authors of it attempt. I
have under my hands now a young
writer who was engaged on a book —
not yet finished — in which the hero un
dergoes the experience of being with
out food or water for several days.
Anxious to describe the sensations of
such a position with exactitude, the
author actually conceived the idea of
suffering the privation himself, with
the result that he will be incapacitated
from continuing his work for some
months at least.
Not nearly so extreme as the above
is the case of a wealthy capitalist, who
suffered from the curious malady of
never, in the least degree, feeling hun
gry. One day, out of charity, he took
a gaunt looking beggar into a restau
rant and paid for as much as he could
eat. The rich man would have given
anything to possess the poor one's ap
petite, and on giving vent to his
thought he learned that his guest had
eaten nothing for twenty-four hours.
That gave the provider of the feast an
idea, and he now eats but one meal a
day, and he says that he has recovered
his appetite.— Tit Bits.
THE CALL, CALENDAR.
6
13
20
Mo
We Th.!
2 3
a 10
16 IT
23 I 24
'Pr.
/ft Last Quarter
M, Feb. It.
y^t New Moon,
W Feb. 20.
Moon's Phases.;
ir.
21
28
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
21, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HydrographJc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially lnvtted to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of lntertst to o, .an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Te!e
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon, 12uth meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector
Portland. Or.. Feb. 16. 1898.
Notice is hereby (riven that the following post
lights were established February 10, 1898.
Knappton Channel — A fixed white lantern
light on an arm on a sinv»e pile beacon in the
channel leading to Knapnton, "Washington, 18
feet above low water. Outer end of saw mill
wharf. Knappton NNW > 4 W, outer end of
McOowans wharf WSW % \V. (Southerly),
Fort Stevens wharf post light S\V 5-8 W.
Cooper Point— A fixed white lantern light on
an arm on a tree, painted white, 30 feet above
low water. Waterford post light SW 1-8 S,
distant about 5-8 of a mile.
Fales Landing— A fixed white lantern light on
an arm on a stake, painted white, 30 feet above
low water. Henrlcl Landing post light \V 3-16
S, distant 3 1-8 miles.
Washougal— A fixed white lantern light on an
arm on a single pile beacon, 30 feet above low
water, near the mouth of the Sandy River,
Oregon.
Notice is also given that the second buoy.
channel across St Helens bar to mouth of Wil
lamette River, a red first-class spar has been
discontinued. See list of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 18S6, page 51.
Byorder of the Lighthouse board.
GEO. C. REITER.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY- 1398.
.« ' Tuesday, February 22.
Sun ri5e5.. ..;..'..................... -•••••• y : 3*
Sun 8et5............;............ .....D:ott
Moon 8eta......... • 8 : »» **• M -
iTlme
I'Feet
I
m
51
0.l
! 7:05!
T:so|
8:45
y:4T|
1.4
1.3
1.2
1.1
1.1
1 •'■
2:
3::
4.8
4.4
T:i6l
8:20
B:5C|
1.8
2.4
2.9
.11
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides or tn«
day in the order if occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide oC
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on ths
United States Coaet Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the dijith given by the charts. •
i'ltAJlblts »*l ARRIVES.
Burma I
Arcnta .
City Peklne....
Crescent City .
Pomona
Empire
Homer. "....
Washtenaw
North Fora
ColumDia.
Willamette...
•President.
Wellington
Walla Wa11a....
Santa Rosa
Mackinaw I
Coos Day .... j
State or Gai |
Orizaba.'.
Doric I
AcaDu1c0 ....... |
iNanairro...
Coos Bay
China and Japan
Crescent CHv
San Diego
Coos Bay..
Newport..
Tacoma.
ttumooidt .-
Portland
Seattle. ....
Yaqnlnaßor.'.
Departure Bay '......
Victoria ana Puget Snd...
San Dlesro
I Tacoma
Newport
Portland.
1 Mexico ......"..." 1
China and Japan
I Panama I
rial'
i IS
n
23
23
23 i
a
r.t
2*
21
21
24
Si
2'i
M .
M
■iB
28!
ii
I
V
BTKAMEUS TO SAIL.
Stramkr. I Destination |
Sail*.
weeon..
Coos Bay..
State of Cal
Gaelic
Crescent C
Arcata
Pomona....
Mariioaa..l
CltyPuebla
Homer
Columbia..
North Fork
Newport...
Santa Rosa
D1rifr0......
Valencia...
Walla Wlls
ibldt Bay.
port.
Fen 22. a am
] Fob 22. » a m
i Fob 22. 10 AM
Feb 23. IPM
Feb 23. 12 M
Feb 24. 10 am
Feb 24. 11 am
! Feb /6. 2 pm
Feb 25. 10 am
| Feb 25. 10 aw
Feb ft). 10 am
Fob 27. 9 am
! Feb 23, 12 M
I Feb2S. 11 am
Mar 1
I Mar 1
■Mar 2, 10 AM
Pier 11
Pier ■>•
PM S3
Pier a
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier «
Pier 21
Pier 2
I'M SS
Pier 11
ip'ier'ii
land
ichina & Japan
I Grays Harbor
•Jooh Hay
I San Dletro
! Sydney
I Vie. i Pgi Sna
Humboldi
Portlanu
Humboldt
Panama
San Dieg-o
Alaska
Alaska
Vlcdt P Sou nil
SHIPI»I.\O INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 21.
torla and Puget Sound ports, ~"<-'i- '■-'-
to rla and Puget Sound ports.
Strnr . Weeott, SO hours from Crescent City
via Eureka 50 hours.
Br ship London Hill, C-utkshanks, 127 days
from Newcastle, Eng.
Br bark Inveramsay, Cromble, 93 days from
Newcastle, N S W.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, 13 days from
HUo.
Schr Aloha, Dnbel, 19 days from Honolulu.
Schr S Danielson. Nelson, 3 days from Men
docino.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.; .
Schr Twilight, Hanson, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, S hours from Bo
dega. • , . v,.- , -••'
Schr Volant, Krog, 8 days from Tlllamook.
CLEARWD. . »-«*•»'
Monday, February . 21. 7* v
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro, Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, Seattle; J A Ma
gee J.
■ Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Chil ship Star of r Italy. Wester, Port Towns
end; J J Moore & Co.
Ship Santa Clara, Lindbergr, Nanalmo; Alaska
Packers Assn.
Br ship Royal Fort, Cooper, Queenstown;
Epplnger & Co. -
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu: Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. February 21.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Seattle. *W
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. fc=
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. » r
Ship Santa Clara, Lir.dberg. Nanalmo.
Chil ship Star of Italy, Wester, Port Towns
end.
Bktn ' Catherine Sudden, Hansen.
Schr San Buenaventura, Turloff, Grays Har
bor. . . .. ■ . ■ • . . -. ,\ :
'Schr Western Home, Nillsson, Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The Galilee loads mdse for Tahiti; R P
Rithet, mdse for Honolulu; General Gordon,
lumber, for Australia. - ■
I . The : Allonby loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, 32s 6d; Aldergrrove. . same voyage, 30s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 21—10 p. m. Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
 ' NOTICE.
■ The sailing of the stmr Marlposa for Syd
ney has been postponed until Feb 25 at 2 p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
■ LONDON, Feb 21— Br ship Andretta from
Portland and Br ship Brodlck Castle from Ta
coma both . struck dock entrance at Havre and
received damage.
SPOKEN. .
Jan Lat 14 S, long 33 W, Br ship Sllber
horn, from Victoria, for London.
Per lnveramsay — Feb 17 — Lat 34 17 N. long
129 •15 W, Br :. bark Invercoe, from Newcastle.
NSW, for San Francisco.
i DOMESTIC PORTS. ' • ■ • ;
SAN PEDRO— Feb 21— Bark I Cory
phene, from Port Blakeley.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 21— Stmr Mineola
from Port Los Angeles, for Comox.
ALBION— Feb 21— Schr ' Bender
Brothers, hence Feb 15. . '■•\ ■-
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb Schr Azalea,
for .
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Feb Schr An
nie M Campbell, for Newport.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 21— Stmr Navarro, for
Dyea.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 21— ship Auck
land, from Adelaide.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Feb . 21— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Feb 20. •
COOS Barbound Feb 21— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. '
REDONDO— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Westport.
from Eureka. - ■■■ ■ • ■■"< ■■■ . ••
: PORT ANGELES— In port Feb Schr En
deavor, from San Pedro, for Seattle. , •.-■:#
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Point '*"
Arena, hence Feb 19.
SEATTLE — Sailed Feb 21 — Stmr , Alice
Blanchard " for ■ Dyea; Btmr , Chllkat, for Port
land.
EUREKA— Feb 20— Stmr Samoa, hno
Feh 19
SEATTLE— Feb 21— Stmr Sunol, hno
•Feb 16; bark Carrollton, hence Feb 9; tug Re
lief from .
' EASTERN PORTS. j /.-;
NEW YORK— Cleared Feb 19— Ship Servla,
for San Francisco, via Baltimore.;
| FOREIGN PORTS. .
CORONEL— Arrived Dec 30— Nor stmr Florida
from Oregon, and sailed Jan 1 for Bordeaux.
TALCAHU ANO— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr New
England, from Boston. for Vancouver. . -
Sailed Feb , Haw stmr China, for San
F lsEAL^Passed Feb 19— Br ship Lord Jem
pleton. from Newcastle, r Eng, for San Fran-
Cl HAVRE- Arrived Feb 19— Br ship Brenhllda,
from Portland. . '_■?' _ '■. :- 19-Br ship
QL'EENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 19— Br ship
Andeta. from Portland.^ 19-Br stmr Argyll,
SHANGHAI— To sail Feb 19— Br stmr Argyll,
for Portland. . ' ' , .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
•■ NEW YORK-Salled Feb 21-Stmr Mobile, for
LGL G n iB°RALTAR-Arrived Feb 20-Stmr Norman
nl ALE X m ANDRIA-AVr.ved Feb 21-Stmr A*-- :
% S E^or^ a r.vrd F?b 2ll°St Scotia, from
MIRSE OO i r LLES^ed Feb 21-Stmr Vic
aBRATTAR-s\l[ed,Feb 21-Stmr -Werra.
for New York. ' —^»^i^— »— —^»—
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
r\r 1 .viirno Switzerland. : and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
24 M )ntB'omery street, San Francisco.
■WMTSJap a^ e Cominerc^ '
b C n c e rest tI p l ald I ;avings deposits. A
Loans^ on approved real estate security and-^
on commercial Pa^n^^ • ;*-_.:>
ErnstA. Denicke. • A." Sbarboro. J. C. Rued.
E Martinoni. F. C. ' Siebe. A. - Tognazzini. H.
Brunner. McO. iR. : Venable, A. :G. • leland. .
F ' Ki-"^enberg, Chas. Martin. . : C. Gehret, P.
TocPVlni. S. Grand G. RottanzLALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO ORNAMENTS
ARE WANTED
Society Stirred to Action
Because Young Men
Won't Dance.
A Chaperon Takes a Young
Lady From the Co
. tillon.
Indignant D.imes Read the Riot
Act to Dainty Young
" Rovers."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, Feb. 21.
Oakland society has declared against
the "rovers" at the Saturday Evening;
Cotillon Club. This declaration has
created a sensation and resulted in the
riot act being read to the ballroom
ornaments, and also in one chaperon,
. a mother, taking her daughter from
• the hall after expressing her indigna
l tion.
The trouble all. arose at the last
dance of the Cotillon. For some time
the chaperones have been quietly nurs- |
. Ing their wrath, caused by the laziness,
indifference or pride of Oakland's so- j
ciety young men. As is well known. |
when the german Is. concluded, th
young ladies and gentlemen are at lib
erty to dance with whom they please,
[ and it is owing to this fact that many
fof- the youths stand around the walls
waiting to be asked to dance." ■To such
a point has this come, that several of j
:''[ the chaperones, including Mrs. H. C.
■• raft, Mrs. Gorrill and Mrs. Belden, de
;••* cided that it is time to call the young
'.' \rnen to order. This they have done
;•;..'• iri no measured terms. At the last
:. . : .nee there were so many young ladies
.•;■ unnoticed that it was determined to
•'■.'■■ make an advance on the wall orna
■■ ..nients. Mrs. Taft led the way, and
V.' those young men heard more in two
;;i.; minutes than they could dream of in a
. week.
!':"■ -.-They had borne their distress and
I /'-'chagrin long enough and as a result
.; = v -.fiofflne little maiden sat out the even- j
j•" Ing alone, as several have done on
K. ■ '-every previous occasion.
I".;' Mrs. Charles McCoy of East Oaklanc
:•.':. was so annoyed at the stupidity, or
I--' : "'° rs e. of the young gentlemen, that she
~i.\ .took her daughter frcrm the ballroom
find went home. Others threatened to
lo the same, t>ut it is now believed that
tiiere will be no necessity for such ac
.tion.
The chaperones have been at a great
deal of trouble to lend their patronage
t'> these dances for the benefit of
younger society, and the mothers who
■nsign their daughters to their charge
are naturally anxious that the young
ladies should dance. If the cotillon is
to degenerate into an ordinary ball,
then there is no necessity to go to the
nse "f ball dress* and carriages,
in addition to subscriptions to the club.
Their grievance has been that the
voting ttt>ii arc ton exclusive, and if
they cannot dance with the special
girla on whom they aeign to smile
with favor, they will dance with no
others, but with glassy and marble
hearts and stony stares they pose like
statues in the corner, even though pret
ty girls may not be dancing, and may
very reasonably expect to- be asked by
. the ornaments.
It is believed, however, that the
plucky action of the cbaperones has
ended all this, and that henceforth the
li"Uim of the club will be — dance or get
uut.
Cochran Commences Coaching.
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— Garrett Cochran,
Berkeley's new football ami baseball
"<">aeh. was introduced to the students at
the university just after the drill hour.
In the afternoon he gave the baseball
randi.iaits their lirwt coaching. "Garry,"
as he is already familiarly known on the
camp unpanled by "Chappie"
Smith, Princeton's crack third base-man,
who will remain at Berkeley to assist
ran fur throe or four weeks. Coch
ran will return to Princeton in June to re- I
:is degree, but will return to Berke- :
ley after the vacation to take charge of
football training.
Thrown From a Buggy.
BERKELEY, Feb. 2L— Mrs. C II Burr!
' Fifth street, West Berkeley, was
thrown from a buggy and painfully in
terday morning while driving u>
Mountain View Cemetery, Temescal. A
ter of tho injured lady was thrown i
ggy at the same time, but
■ rious injury. Dr. J. S. East
man of East Berkeley is attending the
sufferer.
U. C. vs. Santa Clara.
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— The University !
of California baseball nine will leave
Berkeley to-morrow morning for Santa
Clara, where it will play the college team
during the day. < '..aches Cochran and
Smith will accompany the ball players
who will leave Third and Townsend
streets, San Francisco, at 10:40 a. m. The
Berkeley boys will line up for the game j
a<= follows: Hunter, catcher: Sims and |
Kaarsberg. pitchers; Collins, first lias.-:
Hoag (captain), second base; Baer, thinl !
base; Foster, shortstop; McLaren, left
field; Chesebrough, center field; Sykes
right field.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. ZL— Chaplain .7. H.
Macomber of Angel Island and a party of
m visitors visited the university to
md witnessed the drill by the cauet
battalions.
A -tt-reopticon lecture on "The T'niv.-rs-
Ity Grounds'" will be given by < >. V. Lange
next Thursday evening at Shattuck Hall
for the benefit of th« j University Settle
ment Girls' Club of West Berkeley.
Superintendent of Schools Dailey of
Fresno visited the university to-day.
Dr. C. M. Hnkeweil of. the department
r>f philosophy at the university will speak
before the Charming Way Club next
Thursday evening, at the residence of
>lrs Wattles, 223 d Dana street.
liofessor E. .1. Wickson of the agri
cultural department left Berkeley this
evening to attend farmers' Institutf-s at
Arroyo Grande and San Lois ObispO.
miversity library has received from
fin alumnus, E. M. Wilder '94, a number
(,f books and several valuable railroad
pamphlets.
A petHion is being circulated among the
university students asking the faculty
make the proposed change in the
recitation honors. ,Th<- college dally paper
has also protested ajrainst the change.
Company G Growing.
AT.AMEDA, Feb. 21.— Company G. Fifth
. T'-Kimeni, N. C C., of this city, already
•. has seventy members, and It Is the desire
organization to increase the mem
'■- bc-rshlp to the full limit of 103. Whether
'-. it is the prospect of trouble with Spain,
.; or what not. an unusual amount of ln
• is l>iin>j taken in th^ company, and
within a ffw daya ten applications for
membership have been received. Several
more are nearly rr»ady. and it Is expected
that the roll will b»- filled in a short time.
This renewal of Interest Is especially
gratifying, us a while back the company
was very near the point of disbandment.
Washington's Birthday.
ALAMKIia. Feb. 21.— There will be no
celebration of Washington's birthday in
It] other than the usual suspension i
of the schools and the closing of thr- pub
lic offices, banks, etc. Company a Will '
go to Shellmound Park for Its regular i
fitato shoot, and In the evening there will
be festivities by various organizations. j
WOMEN'S WAR
IS RENEWED
Mrs. Baldwin Issues a
Circular Asking for
Help.
Aid Wanted for Suffrage in
South Dakota and
Washington.
Some Local Workers Opposed to
Helping the National
Association.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 21.
Mrs. Isabel A. Baldwin, president of ■
the Alameda County Political Equality
Society, has issued a little circular ask-
Ing for money for the National Suf
frage Association, and there is a re
newal of the division of opinion among i
the suffragists of this county regard- ;
ing the value of the National Associa
tion to California.
Mrs. Baldwin's appeal says:
Oakland, Feb. 9, IS9B.
Dear Friend: The National Suffrage
Association has sent us an earnest appeal j
for assistance to enable them to carry on
their work during the coming year. Every
year the National Organization Commit
tee undertakes a vast amount of work.
Besides the large amount done at the
home office, it sends organizers and work- i
ers in every direction to arouse interest in <
ciew and unplowed fields, and to encour- i
and stimulate others. Each year;
greater demands are made upon the Na- j
tionaJ Association. In many States and j
Territories, where the women are Just
awakening to the importance of the !
movement, little bands of workers are j
calling for help, and the National Com
mittee tinds itself continually crippled by ,
the small amount of money it is obliged j
to \\..rk with. We must aid them, other- j
wise little work can.be done. Washington ;
and South Dakota have each an amend- '
ment pending to be voted upon in No
vember. They have suffered more there
than any other section, probably, from j
the hard times and have little to work .
with and are looking to the National As
sociation for aid.
Now, will you kindly give us a little I
help? fXo matter how small the sum, it i
will be gratefully received, and the money j
will be called for gladly by a member of
the society. Very sincerely.
ISABEL A. BALDWIN.
President Alameda County Political
Equality Society.
This has opened up the question that
resulted in a secession from th<j coun
ty society over a year agu.
Mrs. Baldwin and the board of offi
cers believe that the national society
is worthy of encouragement and de
serves help from California. Her cir
cular states the rest.
Mrs. Borland, who was an officer un
der the old board, is of the opinion that
the Eastern suffragists who came out
here in 1596 lost the cause to Califor
nia, and, on the whole, fared very well
financially and socially while they Avere
here.
"It is a peculiar fact," said Mrs.
Borland this afternoon, "that in the
sc-uthern part of the State where the
Eastern suffragists were not wanted
and where they did not go, suffrage
carried. In Alameda and San Francis- ■
co counties, where tjje ladies from the ;
East were lionized, suffrage was a fiat
failure. From this we argue that if the
Eastern people had come out here in- I
tending to help us, instead of dictate
and show us by inference that they
thought we did not know the tempera
ment of cur own people, they could be
of help to us. We believe that Cali
fornia women are the only women in
the world that will ever convert Call- j
fornia men to woman suffrage, and we
do not feel that we are under any debt
of gratitude to the National Associa
tion. As near as I can learn, it was the
Eastern suffragists who on a former oc
casion defeated suffrage in Washing
ton and South Dakota, and we do not
see why we should give money to help
them. Neither can we see that these
two States have had any harder times
than California.
"It is our opinion that if the next
campaign for suffrage is left to the
women of this State they will make a
far better job of it than those clever
ladies that were out here in the fall of
•96."
HONOR FOR
WASHINGTON
Patriotic Exercises by the Pu
pils in All of the
Schools.
War Spirit Pervades the Lincoln
Pupils Who Entertain the
Veterans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
t»08 Broadway, Feb. 21.
Fired with excitement by the active
preparations for upholding the nation's
honor, and the ' patriotism of years of
training under the guidance of Professor
T. O. Crawford, the pupils of the Lin 1
coin Grammar School fairly outdid them
selves to-day, during the exercises in
commemoration of Washington's birth
day. They entertained the G. A. R., who
were unstinted in their applause.
The exercises opened with a song by
the eighth grade pupils, after which Pro
fessor Crawford welcomed the visitors.
Mayor Thomas responded, then came
songs and selections from the early presi
dents. Master Ray Coyle, in his appear
ance, bearing, rendering- and sentiment, |
was readily voted the best of the partici- i
pants. Miss Helen Lawrence, a little girl \
of the B, fourth grade, sang a solo. Sho
wns followed by Miss Mabel Roberts.
Both were heartily applauded.
Miss Cornelia Stratton recited "Hats
Off. the Flag Is Passing." Tributes to
the memory of Washington were given by !
the girls representing all of the States, i
territories, Hawaii, China nnd Japan, and \
dosed with that of the District of Colum
bia. Following this came songs and re
marks by veterans. Miss Henderson, one
of the teachers, served as accompanist,
and added greatly to the musical num
beis.
There wns similar exercises in all of
the schools in the city and county. To
morrow all will be closed, and the chil
dren given an opportunity to explore the !
hills
CLEVER FORGER ARRESTEI
I Confesses His Guilt When He Is
Faced With the Evidence
Against Him.
OAKLAND. Feb. 21.— While drawing $30
from the l.'ninn National Bank this after
noon John Davidson, who has been im
personating A. Genthner of Hanford, was
arrested and taken to the City Prison,
where his name was placed on the small
book on a charge of forgery.
It ia claimed that Davidson and Gentb
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
nor met two weeks ago on a train. The
latter told how he was going to purchase
$200 worth of machinery here, for which a
friend would send the money when he
telegraphed for it. It is alleged that Da
vidson telegraphed for the money, sign
ing the name. A. Genthner, to be made
payable without identification. He is
charged with depositing it in the bank
when it came and of drawing $S0 and $90
prior to to-day, when he attempted to get
the balance. Davidson made a complete
confession this afternoon, corroborating
all of the facts marked up against him by
Detective Hume of Wells, Fargo & Co.
and Detective Denny Holland.
Association Football.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 21.— What is expected
to be a. very exciting game of football
will be played to-morrow afternoon at the
Webster street grounds in this city be
tween the Vampires of this city and the
team of the Oakland Football Associa
tion. Good teams have been put up and
a lively game Is expected, as the ground
is in good condition and the weather
promises to be fine.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 21— The members of
the Alameda Boating Club are heartily in
favor of the organization of a naval bat
talion on this side of the bay. and will
do all they can to make it a success.
Yosemlte Council of the Junior Order
United American Mechanics will celebrate
its anniversary with a smoker to-morrow
evening at its rooms in the „ Linderman
block.
California Council No. 24, Y. M. 1., will
give a patriotic entertainment to-morrow
evening at St. Joseph's Hall. Colonel J.
J. Tobln will deliver an address. The
general public is cordially invited.
A deputy Sheriff was In this city to-day
with subuenas for a number of people
who are to be asked to tell the Grand
Jury what they know about the Har
bourne matter.
William M. Rank will deliver a lecture
on his experiences in the Klondike at
Armory Hall, next Saturday evening. It
will be for the benefit of St. Agnes Guild.
Constable C. M. Day has resigned his
position for the purpose of going to the
Klondike, and George D. Gray has been
appointed in his stead.
The will of Kimball C. Eldredee has
been filed for probate. He gives each
of his two brothers $1000, and a nephew
the same amount. All the rest of his
estate is bequeathed to his wife.
James Christy and George McKenzie, of
this city, were arrested at Fruitvale yes
terday for cruelty to animals. They tried
to drive a horse and buggy along the
railroad track, causing the animal to
stumble and hurt itself.
IN HONOR OF
THE GREAT DAY
The Birth of Washington
to Be Appropriately
Commemorated.
Patriotic Exercises Will Be
Held at Metropolitan
Temple.
It goes without saying that Wash
ington's birthday will be very gen
erally celebrated to-day throughout
the length and breadth of California.
In many of the schools of the State
last Friday and yesterday the ad
mirable patriotism of "the men and
women of to-morrow" was given vent
In appropriate and admirable recog
nition of the memory of the Father of
Our Country and the celebration to
day will be observed in every city,
town and hamlet within the State's
borders.
In this city will occur the custom
ary celebrations in their usual variety.
All of the prominent churches will hold
special services, the theaters will pro
vide unusually alluring, programmes
and there will be, beside, a great many
athletic contests and special entertain
ments in honor of the day.
The Young Men's Institute will cele
brate elaborately, both afternoon and
evening. For the afternoon, at Metro
politan Hall, the following programme
has been prepared:
Selection. Girls' Orchestra; address, E.
B. Thomas, chairman committee of ar
rangements; address, J. T. Graney, pres
ident of the day; contralto solo, Mrs.
Edith Stanley Griffin; bass solo, S. J.
Daly; recitation, Thomas W. Mickey:
barytone solo, "The Battle of Bunker
Hill," J. P. Grodjens; selection. Glee Club
of Company A, League of the Cross Ca
dets; oration, Rabbi M. S. Levy; chorus,
"Red, White and Blue," audience; selec
tion, orchestra. In the evening a grand
ball will be given at the Native Sons'
Hall, the charge of affairs having been
left to Floor Manager Frank J. DriscolV
assistant floor managers, J. F. Comyns!
W. A. Breslin; floor committee, J. Looney'
Dr. J. I. Richards, Dr. C. A. Glore George
Murphy, Charles Henry. H. J. Maginnis'
G. J. Olsen, George F. Matalich. John Ma
honey, Daniel Dunne, T. J. Cronin, James
A. Reilly. John Regan, F. A. Sullivan
Frank Lucier, Thomas I. Spillane; recep
tion committee, Thomas J. Stanton Dr
C T. Maher. John Bernhard, V Hanlock
William McCarthy, J. K. Cosgrave J r'
Riley, William P. Humphreys, T. R Cur
tis, P. J. O*Donneil, E. J. Cuffey C Co
myns. X. J. Neubauer, J. S. Cantiin H A
Burke.
The sixth annual twenty-five mile
handicap road race of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs will be held
this morning over the San Leandro
triangle course, starting at 10 a. m
There are eighty-eight entries for this
event, as given in The Call Sunday,
and among them are some of the fast
est road riders in the State. What
•with the individual prizes offered for
time and place and the club rivalry en
gendered by the contest for a valuable
silver cup also at stake, the men can
be depended upon to do their best. This
event annually draws more spectators
than any other conducted by the asso
ciation, save perhaps the 100-mile re
lay race. The early start will necessi
tate the contestants taking the 8 a. m.
broad gauge boat from this side, and
the officials and spectators will go over
on the 8:30. ,
The most important game of basket
ball in the present tournament between
the Young Men's Christian Associa
tions of this city and Oakland will be
played to-night In the gymnasium of
the Oakland association between the
Athens and the business men's teams.
As the Oakland teams have won six
out of the ten games played thus far
the players on this side of the bay are
on their mettle, and a hard-fought bat- 1
tie Is certain to result in to-night's
meeting.
The various shooting clubs will hold
"special shoots" in honor of the day
and incidentally endeavor to improve
their aim in view of possible future
complications with Spain.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 21.
Ital ship Emanuele Accanie, Ameglio HI
days fn.ni Antwerp.
Urlg Lurllne, McLeod, 12 days from Kahu-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE- Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Navarro, for
I'tmT BLAKELEY-Arrived Feb 21— Bark
Guy C Gosb, from Port Los Angelea.
Canada has a homestead law. Farm
lots of 200 acres are granted to each
head of a family and 100 to each male
adult, on condition of their building
a log house 16 feet by 20 feet, cultivat
ing 15 acres in every 100, and residing
six months In each year during five
years on the property.
OAKLAND SOLD OUT
Shamelessly Delivered Over by the Council
to the Water Companies.
A Barefaced and Arbitrary Schedule Forced Through by
the Majority— Termed an Outrage and
a Farce.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— The most bare
faced outrage ever perpetrated on the
people of Oakland by a majority of the
City Council was carried out to-night,
and it is now known why A. Fibusch
resigned last week and why a person
named E. W. Woodward was appoint
ed as his successor.
After five minutes' consideration by
a committee of three named by the wa
ter companies, through Councilman
Henneberry, the water rate of this city
was fixed by a resolution that will pro
vide an income of 12 per cent or over
on the cost of both the water compa
nies. The only bright spot in the Infa
mous transaction is that City Attorney
Dow declared before the vote was taken
that it would be clearly illegal, as it
would be a water rate fixed absolutely
without investigation, and would be
arbitrary. The plan was all carefully
thought out and planned, and the al
lied corporations which, it is now fully
believed, have combined had their men
on hand to see that the Councilmen,
whose votes they could depend upon,
did not fall down.
Councilman Henneberry started the
job by introducing a resolution fixing
water rates at figures his ignorance
of which showed clearly he had not
compiled himself. He said that he was
; satisfied that the water rates as fixed
I by the ordinance now in print did not
! allow sufficient income and was unjust.
I He then handed the clerk a resolution
which was a complete schedule, and
contained enough matter to occupy
several nights of consideration. The
members of the Council who had not
been informed qf what was to take
place were surprised. They were at a
loss for even a remark, as there is a
very carefully prepared ordinance now
in print that will come up for final pas
sage next Wednesday night.
Mr. Hennebery proceeded and said
that the matter was urgent, and moved
I that a committee of three be appointed
I to look over the ordinance and report
back at once to the Council. Mr. Hen
nebery, contrary even to precedent,
which leaves the naming of special
committees to the chair was provided
with the names of the committee whom
he would Ilk.- appointed. It consists of
Upton, Watkinson, and to the surprise
of all. Woodward, who to-night attend
1 ed his very first meeting of the Coun
' oil, and knew nothing whatever about
; the water nites.
This made no difference, however,
and a few minutes later the following
■ report was presented:
Your special committee on the
resolution fixing water rates hereby
favorably reports on same.
W. W ATKINSON,
E. W. WOODWARD.
I emphatically dissent.
M. W. UPTON.
The affair was so barefaced and far
cical that the five Councilmen who re
spected their positions were forced to
laugh.
When the report was read President
Pringle said: "Gentlemen of the Coun
cil, this thing is at once a farce and an
outrage. It is illegal, because no in
vostigationhas been taken on this
schedule, and no one knows what Is in
: it. The proper thing to do is to refer
it to its proper committee."
This brought Heitman to his- feet.
The matter had been so carefully
planned that Heitman was prepared to
prove that the resolution
had been brought before the house by
the appointment of tho special com
mittee, and must therefore take its
course. President Pringle ruled against
Heitman, who appealed from the chair,
; and then came the sensation of the
• evening when Brosnahan discovered
MINERS' DAYS AT THE FAIR.
Very Attractive Features, Eiracii a Grand
Toflrnament of Streigtli ami 81.
To-day, to-morrow and Thursday have been set apart by the man
agement of the Mining Fair as miners' days, and for these days fea
tures of especial interest have been provided.
Hon. Jacob H. Neff. president of the California State Miners' Asso
ciation, will have charge of the arrangements for these special days,
and W. C. Ralston, the well-known mining operator, will superintend
the different sports and contests.
Governor Budd will be present this afternoon, and wiil make an ad
dress of welcome, as also will Mayor Phelan, Judge John R, Davis of
Amador and others, and President Dole of Hawaii will be a visitor to
morrow.
Arrangements have been made for excursions from all the mining
counties, and a very large attendance from those sections is assured.
One thousand beautiful sterling silver badges have been provided
for visiting miners and association members, and $1000 will be distrib
uted in prizes for the various contests.
The principal contests will be in the line of Cornish miners' wrest
ling and rock-drilling. The latter are divided into three classes— single,
double and three-handed drilling. For these contests the most noted
experts on the Coast are entered. The first feature in this line will
occur at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon, consisting of a three-handed drill
ing contest, in which Kitte, Dingle and Page are matched against Lar
kin and Pat and James Feeney. The struggle lasts fifteen minutes,
and the drilling will be in granite. ■
At 8 30 o'clock this evening will occur the first bout of the Cornish
miners' wrestling-a most exciting form of athletic sport. These wrest
ling and drilling contests will be prominent features each afternoon
and evening during these three days.
The wrestlers entered, with their weights, are as follows: J. Jef
ford Santa Clara, 197: Fred Trebilcox, Grass Valley, 21u; Thomas
Whalen Grass Valey, 171: Fred Webster, Randsburg, 187%; James
Rodda 'Grass Valley. 156^; Charles Hoskins, Amador, 160; Oliver Phll
lins Nevada City. 14S; unknown, New Albuquerque. 164. The Judges for
these wrestling matches are Eugene Van Court and David Pulkinham,
and the referee is George S. Miehling of the Olymp'c Club.
These contests will all be full of excitement and will be greatly en
joyed by all admirers of manly skill and strength.
Bible for Dr. Pardee.
OAKLAND, Fob. 21.-Dr. George C.
>ardee will spend the next two days in
electing the articles of his late father's
lousohold which haw not yet been dis
ributcd under the will and which he
laims are his, and carting them away,
'he balance will be left at the storehouse
or his father's widov.-. This was agreed
0 just before the court adjourned to
ilght. and was sanctioned by It. The
aa llxtures, statuary and pictures we™
warded. Mrs. Pardee this afternoon, and
"he had made a mistake" and voted
against the chair.
President Pringle then denounced the
outrage from the chair and used very
strong language. Councilman Rowe
also made a speech, which every per
son who pays water rates will read
with interest. He said:
Gentlemen, I am dumfounded. I can
not express myself. I know perfectly well
that nothing that I can say will Influence
any vote In this Council because it is all
out and dried, and I can clearly see that
this infamy has been carefully planned.
I cannot understand how gentlemen elect
ed by the people can come here and act
like this. Here Is a schedule whose con
tents no one knows. It comes from the
allied water companies, and yet at a mo
ment's notice it can secure a bare ma
jority of the vote of this Council. I am
at a loss to say what I think. I cannot
believe you are sane. There Is an ordi
nance in print which will come before
you next Wednesday which has been
carefully considered. We took testimony
for weeks and allowed rates that we
proved by the company's own figures
would allow them 6 r>er cent on their
plant and allow a margin of $38,000. The
resolution introduced here to-night is an
insult to this Council. No one knows,
or can know, what is in it unless they
have studied it before hand, and I am
sure from what little I have heard of it,
that it will give the companies not less
than 12 per cent upon the only plant that
can supply the whole city.
Here is a resolution prepared by men
who do not know what their plant is
worth, and yet we allowed them a good
interest on their property and they are
not satisfied.
Mr. Dingee came before us, and when
we asked for figures as to the value of
his plant he could not produce any. Al
though we gave him a week, and al
though he only started in the water busi
ness three years ago yet not a voucher
could be found or a book produced, all
destroyed. The only information we
could get as to the value of his plant was
that the old Piedmont Company was sold
to the Oakland company for $3,000,000 of
stock, $1,000,000 and he would not take an
oath that he spent $200,000 on his original
property. The same is true in principle of
the other company. Yet these companies
can come here and find six votes to pass
a schedule of their own making. I cannot
understand it and denounce it as the vil
est outrage of which I have ever heard
Councilman Brosnahan, who has al
ways opposed the company's demands
hitherto, and who was so frightened
three weeks ago that the companies
would in some way juggle with the
ordinance so as to defeat it and intro
duced a precautionary resolution,
thought differently to-night.
"I have been jollied on the street,"
he said, "and told that I am being car
ried along by the rest of the majority
till I am tired of it. I know that for
several years I have voted for water
rates that were too low, and to-night
I am going to make a change."
And Councilman Brosnahan changed.
The vote stood:
For the water companies — Wood
ward, Brosnahan, Henneberry, Earl,
Heitnxan and Watkinson.
For the people — Cuvellier, Girard,
Upton, Howe and Pringle.
As soon as the vote was announced
Mr. Girard was on his feet and said:
"Now our eyes are opened. When he
was appointed last week the new mem
ber (E. W. Woodward) stated in the
public print that he was for the oeonif*.
and had no strings on him. We now
see what people he meant. We can
now see why Mr. Woodward was ap
pointed."
The blunt speech of Mr. Girard
seemed to pain Woodward, for he
pleaded with the clan to stop "personal
remarks," but there was no necessity
for his doing so, for Mr. Girard said:
"I've finished: I've told all."
When the meeting was over City At
torney Dow said the proceeding was
clearly illegal, that he had advised the
Council before they vote.d of its illegal
ity, and if the case were taken to the
courts he would not attempt to defend
the outrage.
After the vote Woodward was asked
if he wished to defend his vote. "I
don't want to say anything," was his
only reply.
the family Bible and other books given to
Dr. Pardse. The rest of the disputed ar
ticles will be distributed a week from to
day. _
One-quarter of all the people born
die before six years, and one-half be
fore they are sixteen.
the fac-simile ; ''-'■'■ >j0:\ ?-J/0JrS£^ '■- « «» «^ery wrapper
signature of , Uut^/jff^^UU of CASTOKIA.
Auction Sales
I '.. — "■'■ ,' •■' ..,— — — ' ._.. . _ — ; — ;.. — .— — — ■ — r ':"' '•'•/"' ' "•' ""' — — — — — '
EMIL COHN, GENERAL ADGTIONEERS.
Office Warerooms 755 Mission St.; Tel. Clay 147.
GROCERIES! GROCERIES!
I WILL SELL TO-MORROW, Wednesday.
Thursday and Friday, February 23, 24, 25, IXSB.
commencing each day at 11 a. m., at 713 Lar-
kin st., $5000 worth of groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, etc., shipped ficm Santa Rosa. For
particulars see Wednesday's Chronicle.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker and the best
prices were lower than those of Saturday.
On the Bond Exchange business showed the
usual activity and the feeling in most of the
securities was firmer.
The Anchorla-Leland Mining and Milling
Company of Colorado paid 1 cent per share on
February 15.
Crown Point is assessed 10 cents.
The Sierra Nevada assessment of 20 cents per
share will be delinquent in that company's
office to-morrow.
Weekly reports from the mines are as fol
lows:
Consolidated California and Virginia, 1550
level— From north drift skirting along the foot
wall from the incline upraise at a point 178 feet
on the slope above this level, 300 feet in from
its mouth, the east rrosscut has been advanced
19 feet; passing through porphyry showing lines
of quartz assaying tX» cents per ton; total
length, 43 feet. From the incline upraise No.
1 at a point 112 feet above the sill floor of this
level, the south drilt has been advanced 9
leet, passing through porphyry streaked with
quartz assaying $1 per ton; total length, 24i
feet. 1850 level— From incline upraise No. 1 at
a point 60 feet above the sill floor of this level
from the south drift skirting along the foot
wall at a point 178 in from its mouth, from the
top of the upraise which has been carried up
49 feet, from the south drift 100 feet in from
its mouth, an upraise has been carried up 8
feet, passing through quartz assaying $1 and
$2 per ton; total height, 17 feet. From the
old east crosscut on the sill floor of this level,
at a point 122 feet in from its mouth from the
top of the upraise, which has been carried up
80 fe«t from the end of the northwest drift
which connects with the east drift from the
north drift, we have enlarged our openings
which were sunk 7 feet below the sill floor and
extracted from narrow streaks 14 tons of ore
assaying, per mine car samples, $40 N) per ton.
From the old east crosscut cm the sill floor of
this level at a point !'3 leet in from its mouth
a north drift has been started and advanced
31 feet, passiag through quartz showing nar
row streaks or ore Imm which we have ex
tracted 6 tons of ore assaying, per. mine car
samples, $40 sO per ton. 1750 level— On the
eleventh floor north from the top of the up
raise from the north drift 40 feet in from its
mouth, the east drift has been advanced 16
feet; passing through old ground of former
workings assaying $1 50 per ton; total length,
50 feet. The total extraction of ore for the
week amounted to 20 tons, the average assay
value of which, per samples taken from the
cars when raised to the surface, was $-40 22 per
ton.
In the Ophlr mine, on the 1000 level, west
crosscut No. 3. from the north drift, 1b In BS3 ;
feet. The, (ace is In porphyry, clay and seams
of vein matter, assaying 50c per ton. In the !
old Central tunnel workings of the Ophlr, from
the sill floor from the west crosscut from the ■
Mexican shaft, starting at a point 225 feet In
from its mouth, the crosscut has been ex
tended 12 feet, through porphyry showing clay
seams assaying Jl and $3 per ton; total length,
429 feet.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the Rlley tunnel !
has been advanced during the week 10 feet; j
total length, 740 feet; face in ledge matter •
yielding assays from V to $4 per ton. At a j
point 700 feet In from mouth of tunnel have
started a raise to connect with the winze which ,
was sunk from Layton tunnel. When said raise i
is completed it will give ventilation to explore i
the ground on the Riley tunnel level. The east i
crosscut started 10 feet south of the winze has
been advanced 12 feet; total length, 40 feet; I
face In porphyry. On the 900 level of the Union I
shaft workings of the Sierra -Nevada west i
crosscut No. 5, started from the north lateral j
drift at a point 100 feet north from west cross
cut No. 4 and 450 feet north from Sierra Ne- I
vada shaft, has been extended during the ,
week 15 feet; total length. 205 feet; face In hard ■
footwall. At a point 165 feet west of the north i
drift they went through 6 feet of clay wall;
from said wall to the footwall, a distance of
34 feet,. was ledge matter composed of soft por- |
phyry, clay and gypsum, all of which showed ;
small assays. Have completed said crosscut '
and resumed work In the north lateral drift i
and advanced the same 8 feet; total, 49a feet i
north from the Sierra Nevada shaft; face in I
hard porphyry.
In the ('hollar mine they have put in two ;
sets of timbers in the Incline at the 1100 level ■
since last report. On the 100 level, 60 feet south ;
of the north upraise, the crosscut to the west, j
is out US feet in fillings of low grade; advanced j
17 feet during the week.
Brunswick lode. Consolidated California and j
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry, !
600 level— West crosscut No. 1, started in south i
420 feet from station, has been advanced 26 I
feet; total length, 267 feet; face in porphyry. ;
The joint south drift from the station was :
advanced 30 feet; total length, 474 feet; face in .
porphyry and stringers of quartz. The shaft I
has been sunk 9 feet on the Incline; total j
depth, 909 feet; bottom in porphyry.
Chollar— Incline shaft No. 1 was advanced 17 I
feet; total depth. 1078 feet on the slope: bottom i
In porphyry. 200 level— West crosscut No. 3 j
was advanced 6 feet through hard porphyry; '
total length. 200 feet; stopped. 300 level— From '
the stopes above this level no change is to be :
reported. They are doing the usual amount of
repairing throughout the mine.
Potosl, 500 level— Shaft No. 1 has been sunk
17 feet for the week and Is now down 1078 feet !
on the slope; bottom In porphyry. 600 level — j
The main south drift has been driven 26 feet I
for the week; total length from the north line, j
165 feet; face In porphyry and quartz, assay- >
Ing low. They are doing the usual amount !
of prospecting and repairing throughout the i
mine. .
Occidental Consolidated — The official letter for
the pant week says: 660 level— West crosscut
No. 1, started at a point In the lower tunnel
1300 feet from the mouth, has been driven. 10 i
feet through very hard porphyry: total length.
82 feet. 650 level — East crosscut No. 5, started j
at a point In south drift 840 feet from the sta- j
tlon, has been advanced 12 feet through por- i
phyry and streaks of quartz; total length, IST
feet. At the end of the main south drift, 575
feet from the otatlon, we crossed the ledpe, j
which shows 8 feet of fair grade ore. 750 level I
— The winze started In the south drift at a
point 6SO feet south of the station has been
sunk 18 feet daring th<» week: total length, 53
feet. We are now crosscuttlng from the bottom ]
of the winze to ascertain the extent of ore I
body.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Feb. 21-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
US: Bonds— . , Oakland Gas . 4S>4 49
4s quar coup..U3H — Pac Gas Imp.. SOVi 90
4s quar reg.. 112% — Pae L. Co .... — . 56 .
4s quar new.. .125 — 8F G & E.... 91
Miscellaneous— -V San Fran .■.:..•. 3% —
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El ««.... ..128H — > Insurance— :
.C.C.Wat 55.102V4103^ Flrems Fnd....— 200
Dup-pt ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65..127H— An»?lo-Cal .... 64 — ■
P&Ch Ry 65.118% — Bank of Ca1...24G —
Geary -st It 6s. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 93
II C& 8 6V4..105 — First Nat ....2<V> —
LAL Co — 100 Up P & A... 1324 —
Do grntd 65..100 — V Mer Exchnge. 12 ,13
Market-st «5..127H — Nev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M 65.115%116Vi Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — MO - Ger S & L...1625 1663
\ T C ngßy 75.102 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 08..1U — Mutual Say. .35 - 40
NRy Cal 55..102 V; — » F.Sav U.. 470 —■ ,
NPC R R 65.104»i — ' S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 53.100 10?»<t Security S B 230 —
N Cal R ■ Bs. . — — • Union T Co 930 —
Oak. Gas 55... 104 — ; 'Street Railroad
. Do 2«1 is ss. All 112 California ....107% —
Om Ry 65. ....129% — ' Geary •••• 41 _
P & O 6b.. ...110 115 - Market-st ..... C3H — -
P& Ch Ry»6s.lOSV4 — Oak Sl* 11. — —
Powell-st 65. ..119% — Presidio ......— 10 ,
Reno -WL&L... 100 — Powder—
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 California .... 97>4 —
SF& N P 55.10«%107H X Dynamite „ — no
SPof Ar Bs.. 103 ■■.— Giant Con Co. 4H4 42
S P Cal 65.... 110 — ( Vlßorlt ......;. 3% 3%
SPC'ls eg 6s..'— ' <99' ■ Miscellaneous— --•■»■
S p Br Gs 112H112H Al Pac Assn.. 96Vi 96V4
S V Wat 65..M20V4130% Gen Ixl Wks.. 100 150 -
S V Wat 45... 103 — Haw PI C 0... 20 : — - :
Stock Gas C 8..100 : - HC & 8 Co.. 81* 32'j
Water . : Hntch 8 P 00. 43 43u.
Contra Costa .66 - Mer. fix Assn. 90 .—■■
M ann Co .... 50 •- Nat Vln C 0... - 7V4
Spring Val ..101 101H Oc S Co ...... SJH 53
Gas & Electric- Pac A F 1,.. Hi —
Cent Gaslight. 98H — lac Bor C 0... 95V4100
MEL. C 0...... 13'il4V; Par Paint Co. S —
MORNING ; SESSION.
70 Alaska Packers' A550ciati0n........... 95 25 .
. 26 Contra Costa Water ......:. 55 no
15 Giant Powder C0n....................... 41 2a
' 20 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar..... 32 13 .
320 Hutchinson S P Co : 42 75 .
30 < do rdo ...'.... •••• "TO.
100 do do :....:.....:......::.-..... 42 SiVi
JSOOO Market-street R R Con. Bonds, 55. .116 00
225 Market-street Railway... :....... 63 50
25 Oakland Gas ...............V............ 47 00 ;
105 Pacific Gas 1mp..... 1 ...... ...<sß 60 :;
,20 Parafflne Paint C 0... ........... .:....... J£o_
60 S F Gas and Electric Co ...:.. Si 75
310 ' do 1 ■■ do •■■ — • ...88 00 -
25,. do do ... .:.".."...■ Kg
60 8 ; F Gaslight ......:....:. .....-.:. .-3 37H
25 Spring Valley Water Ino 75
25 do- do ..::.'.:.... ..■.'.■..•.:..:.'.:. 100 f>V£
25 - do ■■-.-, do .....:....:... .mi no •
$1000 Spring Valley 6« Bonds ........:..12q 00 >•
$1000 S F and N P. Ry80nd5.....-.r:.....:107 00
Street— ■ ' S*S&teS»*' t '-^>' ■*.'!-':■
14009 Ferries and Cliff House Bonds 119 00 -
300 Hawaiian Commercial and Supar 32 50 '-
: :;:.;'.:. AFTERNOON ; SESSION.. 1 ; . ,
: ; 20 Alaska' • Packers' - Association.: .'.. . ... 96 60 .
70 Hutchinson 5PC0. .:.'... ...:.:. 42 75 z:
170 -~; do - :". do r : '.v..'..v.;::..;;...:.v.;.v.' 43 00 ,
130 . do do • ............:... .....:.:.v t 42 S7U
•10 Oakland Gas .'. :. 47 25.
.;25W-d» - do • .• 47 50
10 do do ........ ...:/..::.:. : ..: : . 48 00
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION!
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY February 22. IS9S
At 11 o'clock n. m.
330, 332 and 334 FOURTH ST.
Imported and Domestic Groceries, Wines and
Liquors, two Cash Registers, two Safes two
Horses, three Wagons, store Fixtures. Coftee
Mills and Scales, etc.. etc.
FRANK W. BUTTKRFIELP, 6fi2 Market.
100 Market-street Railway ......■..:.■....;. 63 75
10 Oceanic Steamship C 0..... 57 50
20 do do rr k*>u.
; i; 0 . Pacific Gas imp'::::::::::::::::::::;::: n m ~
90 S F Gas and Electric Co.. '. 89 7. .
inn 5° do '■""• '•■ :.•;:.-.. ...:.: 91 °°
100 • . do do ...;.. . -go S" l^
60 do do ;. s 90 ' '.'.'.'.'.'.':'''.'.'. ! '.'.'. V.'.V. 90 00
MS do do . *-" 'g075 -
$1000 8 F and N P Ry Bonds ""^'^ "••l2o "si
$1000 S F and N P Ry 80nd5...; .....107 00
, '•.,. "BOARD SALES. ',
Following were the sales in the San Fran-'
! Cisco Stock Board" yesterday: : "
.. • - Morning Session— ' - .
i 100 Andes 13 200 Potosl .: 24
: 150 Best &.Belchr.. ' 45 300 ......' ...: 25
I 100 (-hollar .........: -"37 50 Savage ........... 28
i 100 Con. Cal. & Va. 971900 .sierra Nevada:. loo
! 200 Crown Point ... 16 50 Standard 1 60
; 100 Mexican ........ 35 250 L-tah ..;.... 12
j 200 Overman :. 07 -6
Afternoon Session.
; 800 Alta 19 300 Ophlr 52
300 Andes 12 350 Sierra Nev ..... 93
50 Con Cal & Va... 95 50 .:.- 94
200 Crown Point ... 131400 Union Con 36
j 100 Mexican ......... 33 1350 ......; 37
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
j Board yesterday:
' Morning Session— lo:3o. .
: 3000 Andes ....:..... 12 200 Ophir ....' M
i 700 Belcher 26 600 Savage .' 27
800 25 ; 300 Sierra Nev 98
. 100 Best & Belchr.. 46 500 ../. ...99
; £00 45 400 .'. 100
200 Caledonia 35 460 ..:.'.... ........102^
J 200.-.:..... ........... 33 900 Union Con ..... 40
! 300Chollar 38 400 ...... 38
300 Crown Point ... 17 1000 Utah ..*.:. 11
J 300 Gould & Curry.- 27 700 .:........... . 12
• 600. 26 200.... 13
'200 Hale & Norcrs..l CO > COO Yellow Jacket... 26
8.00 Mexican -...'.:..•. 35 1 .' \_;
V .. : , : Afternoon Session. '■'.
i 200 Alta ............. IS 400 Mexican 33
200 Andes 1 ......•.....' 12 500 Ophlr 54
: .600 Best & Belchr.. 43 200.. Bit
: 700 .:...-............., 42 SCO 52
' . 2«) Caledonia '....:.. 32 300 Savage 27
700 33 20OSeg B & M...... 05
; 400. C0n Cal & Va... 92! 300 Sierra Nev 95
.200 Crown Point.... 15 400 92
400. 141500 94
300 ........;.. 131250 ' 93
. 400 Gould '& Curry.. 251600 Yellow Jacket... 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
MONDAY. Feb. 21— p. m.
* Bid. Ask. • . Bid. Ask.
! Alpha Con ... 04 05 Julia 01 0?
; Alta ...19 20 Justice ........ 35 37"
Andes 11 12 Kentuck ...... 03 04
i Belcher 25 27! Lady Wash .. — 03
Best & Belchr 42 44 Mexican 33 34
Bullion ....... 07 OS Occidental ....1 50 —
Caledonia 32 —Ophir ......... 51 .53
: Chollar 36 " 37 Overman ..... 06 07
Con. CM, &V. 88 90Potosl 22 24
Challenge Con .30 33 Savage 26 27
Con. Imperial. .01 <". Seg. Belcher.. 04 05
i Confidence .... — 72 Scorpion 05 —
Crown Point.. 12 14 Sierra Nevada 93 94
! Con New York — 02 Silver Hill ... 03 —
I Eureka Con .. — 25) Standard 155 , —
■ Exchequer .... 02 03 1 Union C0n".... 36 37.
Gould & Crry." 23 . 25 i Utah 10 11
j Hale & Norcrsl 55 1 65 1 Yellow Jacket 25 26
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
__U>_*kJ__ O2SKKARWST. Established
__Ti fs__ft in 1854 for the treatment of Private
H_ iifh '■___? Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
sJrS__H_'' '' ; ' ' wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases, doc tor cures when
_sm_E>aß"<'>»-rsfall. Try him. Charges low.
T^aJßfiK-BS *"iire»>iiiiarjtnl«'«- J. Callorwrlte.
»>-. .1 »■■ ..fltno-X. Tkrj-s. 195". San Franclsro.
,;' OCEAN TRAVEL. % %
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, j&XRm
San Francisco, as follows: _.':_____
■ For. ports in Alaska, 10 a. m.. Feb. 6, 10, 20.
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, • Anacortes anii
N3W Whatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.), 10
a. m.. Feb. 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, -connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
G. P. Ry. - ,Ci- • /
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m., Feb. 13. 19, 25. March 3, 9, 15.
21. 27. and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ca-
rucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. .Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los -Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Feb. 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 2«.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San -Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Ix>s Angeles). 11
a. m.. /Feb. 4. S, 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S. and every
fourth day thereafter. . -•,•■;
For Ensenada, Macrlnlena Bny. San Jose del
Cabc,, Mazatlan, Altsta. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m.. March f.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to Chans*
without r previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Falun*.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. ,
•/ DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FIPF ■*■ 12 First Class Including Berth
rAIIC ?H Second Clnsi and Meals.
'■^■Vi:' SCHEDULE^ OF SAILINGS:
State of California. ...Feb. 22. Mar. 2, 10. 1», 2?
C01umbia....... Feb. 26. Mar. 6, 14. 22. 30
Through tickets and through baggage to nil
■Eastern, points. Rates and 'folders upon, appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General. gent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.,
. '■ Superintendents.
PIPIIICfI The S. S. mariposa
TSfllvfi£. : ails via HONOLULU
•C ■* ..n.l ATTCKI.AN'D tor
W^\ SYDNEY. Wednesday,
/a.-^!' A February ». at 2 p. m.
NfwmMlin ' s.s. zealanpia.
QjICdiIDIII^ 1 -' for lIOXOTJ-LT- only.
/RfnMl7ll- Saturday, March 12. at
.VvlHWJliq 2 p.m.. Special party
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPB
TOWN. South Africa.
J D SPRECKELS ft T.ROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San FrancUco.
tps^^v W HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
73iidSe!MS'(tP© Twin Screw Express Line.
ii?!885_«li!?*S ? from New York to Cherbourg.
(Paris): Southampton (London), and Hamburg.
iJ«t-Tr,annln Mar^h V Columbia...: — May li
FiAt cabin JCOiip: second class. $40: steerage.jM.
HAM'UiiV-i AMI-:!' lew LINK. ?.l llr.adway.
U 5 p r HERZOC, & Ca. Agents
*. " s '401 California st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Compagnis Generals Transatlantic
/French Line to Havre. .
Company's fler iiie*). it Norm \^^s»
River, foot of : orton ' st. ' . Travelers <,_______
by this line avoid both trp.nslt by --*'■'*•*•
English' railway and the dhioomfort of crossing
the . channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via 1-ria. . first class Ilia.
second class $118. ' .
LA BRETAGNE.. December 11, 19 a. m.
LA OABCOONE December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ..December '2s. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. ..January I. 10 a. m.
LA 8RETAGNE............ January 8, 18 _. as
' Tor further particulars apply to
. . - . .. A. FORCET. Agent.
■ t ;.-■»'- No > Bowling Green, New Tor*.
•- J. FtTOAZI 4 CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomsr*
■▼•.. San Francisco. ' -
;• STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 0
. „..■■- p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RtCKiVLu of TO 5:33 P. __
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
. i The only line selling Jhrough tickets and xl»-
lng through freight rates to all polnU oa cat
Valley Railroad. .- EAMEn3: . .
STEAMERS:
T C WALKER. •• J. : D/ PETERS. -
MART OARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON
Telephone Mr. in 808 , Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, ' Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
; Steamer Alvlso ', leaves fler. 1 ■ daily • (Sunday* -
•xceDted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso dally (Saturdays
except ed) at 6 p. m. ■ - Freight and Passengers,
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso .Wo;
to Ban Jose. 76c. Clay street. Pl« L 41. Nart*
First street. San Josa. > 
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. ■■:./-  -£. Steamer:" Monticello" \ V '
| Will •He up to receive new -boiler and . general !
I overhauling • on February/ 1, - : and resume her •
1 rente on March 1. v -'w : >- HATCH BROS.
1314
THE TALENT
IN CLOVER
Favorites About Swept
the Board at Ingle
side Track.
Trolley Could Not Maintain
Her Speed, Finishing
Third.
Lord Marmion Won in a Romp.
Collins Scored Again in Easy
Fashion.
The card for the opening day at In
gleslde was a lierht one so far as the
number of entries were concerned, and
the crowd had a great day of it cashing
tickets. Every favorite with the ex
ception of Trolley went down the line
and the twenty-six bookies doing busi
ness in the ring were hnrd hit. As
tounding prices were lai.l against some
of the winners, due probably to a lack
of business and the ever-expected
"good break."
The rain left the track sloppy, but it
did not prove bothersome, for the best
horse won in nearly every instance. As
usuai on Monday the attendance was
only fair.
The defeat of Trolley at odds-on in
the final six-furlong run put quite a
crimp in the talent's winnings. Blar
ney Stone, with "Skeets" Martin in the
saddle, beat the barrier, and leading
throughout downed Prince Tyrant a
length at the wire. The favorite was
a poor third.
The two-year-olds were first to sport
silk, eight lining up in a four-furlong
spin. The Conveti colt, Formero, was
made a 7 to 5 favorite in the betting,
and though outrun the first part fin
ished strong at the end and won easily
from the Corrigan entry. Frank Ire
land. Thorpe, on Odd Eyes, in trying
his usual smart tactics at post, was
practically left.
The six-furlong event, with the
weights raised ten pounds above the
scale, looked a certainty for Lord
Marmion, but the play on the race was
so light that the books finally offered
4 to 5 against his chance. With Willie
Martin up. he skipped to the front
when the barrier was released and won
under a half dozen wraps. Mainstay
the second choice, was beaten out for
the place by Triumph.
The brown gelding. Collins, was
again ready money in the mile and a
furlong selling run. Two to one was
always obtainable about him in the
ring. Jones, who had the mount,
hustled Dr. Rowell's horse to the front,
and cutting out the running was eased
up at the finish five lengths in front of
Can t Dance, the third choice. Little
Cripple, with Conley in the saddle, se
cured show honors. Paul Pry couldn't
untrack himself.
A five-furlong scramble for maiden
three-year-olds replaced the declared
ofl fourth race. Ping, with Lonnie
Clayton up. looked a legitimate 1 to 3
chance, but the books laid 9 to 10
against him at post time. He led all
the way. winning hands down from the
second choice. Roulette Wheel. Joe
Levy ran into show.
Fashion Plate, with Thorpe up, had
the call in the betting on the seven
furlong purse affair. Harvey's mare
was headed for half the distance by
Won't Dance, when she assumed the
lead and found no difficulty in leading
Veragua past the judges by three
lengths. Tulare was a handy third.
Track Notes.
The $2000 California Oaks for three-year-old
fillies will be the feature of the card this
afternoon. The high class number of entries
should furnish one of the prettiest races of the
season.
Priigrammfr J>x? Langendorfer says the
souvenir score card to be sold to-day will be
the finest of Its kind ever issued. Joe never
(ices things In halves, and It will undoubtedly
lie a hummer.
The Incleside management and the Western
Tni.>n Telegraph Company could not reach an
understanding as to what matter should and
should not be sent over its lines from the track.
aX a result of which the company removed its
Instruments and no messages were sent to any
of the poolrooms.
The local Jockey club has inaugurated an
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleside Track-97th day of the
Winter Meeting, Monday, Feb. 21. 1898. Weather fine. Track sloppy
£>Q£* FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; purre. $350.
(548) Formero 110 3 ... ... 4 3',A 4 2 1 1 H. Brown ... 7-5 7-5
EM Frank Ireland 10.V, 2 ... ... 6 2'i 6 2 2 V Spencer I 6 6
697 Foxey 102 1 ... ... 13 1 >>, 3 IM, E.Jones..... | 12 12
... Illuminating' 1061 7 ... ... 730 715 4H McDonald ... 15 20
64S Don't Tell 1«S 4 ' .... ... 2\k 3n Cl Holmes ...... 15 20
... Relna .U- Cuba .....10< 3 ... ... 3 » 2U 6 1 Conley ....... 12 12
... Racevcn 105 « ... ... oh 5 2}4 730 H. Martin .... 10 15
CQ3 Odd Eyes 106 8 SL . 8 8. 8 |Thorpe i 2 . 6-2
Time. :i\\. Winner. W. li. Sink Jr.'s eh. c. by Imp. Convett-Formosa. Fair start. Won
easily. .
CO"? SECOND RACE
: purse, $350.
V«in.
Vjin.
6!2 Lord Mnrmion. 5....112 "S ... 11 1 1,4 1»i 11 [w. Martin .. 2-5 3-5
ESI Triumph, a 117 1 ... 4 h 4 H 4 3 2n ;?i>eneer 15 15
Cl* Malnstiiy. C 112 « ... 3 2 2 1, 2n 3 2 H. Martin ... 4 3
OH HUrhland 8011, 3....110! 6 ... 2 h 3 2 3 2 412 Holmes 6 7
SU Cabrtllo. ( 127 2 .„ 5_ 5 B_ _5 | Weaver 15 30
Time. 1:17%. Winner, J. MacManuß" br. c. by St. Carlo-Lady Marmion. Good start.
Won onsHv.
OOC THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
\>^.<3» purse, f4OO.
Hm.
:r.
(Cll) Collins, 6 109 5 Ins 11 IHi 12- 11*4 1 5 IE. Jones .....
• Cll Cant Dance. 5 11l 1 5 IVi 4ns 4h 4li 4 2 2 h Shields ....
."? Little Cripple, a... .109 7 7 7 5 2 JHi Jh ."34 Conley
r,17 Adam Andrew, 4.... 3 214 2 2 2 M 2h 24 4 1 Spencer ......
-: Perseus. 5 109! 2 3*.i 34 3ns n 4 53 Eh McDonald ...
fill Paul Pry. C 112 4 fi 2 fin 6 3'.-j CIO 610 CSO Thorpe ...:.;•.
...1 Presidio. _s^. . ■„ „ ....103 «_ 4 1 :,2i.. 7 7_ 7 7 Golden
Time. 1:69%. Winner. Dr. H. E. Kowcll's br. g. by Inspector B-Ptazza. doc
Won easing up. ' . - '
2
4
10
20
G
2
100
I
7-2
12
20
. 8
3
. 50
start.
/H)Q FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; pur?e. $KO.
H ■■ . Si \m. '>m. \m. Stir Fin. I Jockeys
■
\m.
:r.
CIS' Ping 11
MiJ alette Wheel ....!<
r.;.2 Joe Levy 1<
512 Niihau l
62 Idomenus — i l*
. U Aprona 1<
an Forest Guard II
416 T. McHuch -..-.. .-...1!
CIS' Ping
MU I let to W
r.;i2 Joe Levy ..
;.f.' Nllhau
C' 2 Idomeniis ..
KM Aprona
GOT Forest Run
41C T. McHugh
Time. 1:05.;!
Won easily.
•••■•• "2 1 3 ... 1% 13 t 111^ 1 I*4 Clayton j 4-5 4.5
, heel ....107 ! • ... 2Vi 2 2 2 3 2 5 Thorpe ....... 4 13-5
•V., Jjg ; ... 8- 7H 7'A 3h J. Woods I 8 12
1"" 1 ... 3 1 3 314 3 I*4 4 h Spencer 15 12
JD2 4 ... - 4Hi 4 2 4 2 5 1 Holmes ....... 30 CO
19' I ••• 61% 6h 52 0 6 Knew | 20 30
"■•1 103 8 ... 7n S R 7S Stevens :....-.. I 30- 60
h 1121 5 - ... 5h 6 I*4 . 6 h S * W. Taylor .... ID -30
Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by imp. Maxim-Music. Good start.
CQffc FIFTH BACK— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
(&40) Fashion I'latr. 4....103J 2
r,17 \Vrafru.i. E 1W 7
r.W Tulare. 4 K'l 3
Won't Dance, 5.. ..166 1
r.n KiiiK wiiiium. 5....mi 4
r.W Sutton. 4 IM *
41!> Nic Xac. 5 H>2! C>
3 1
2 n
1 h
C 2.4
4 1%
B \
i'
1
2 1
7
i %
1 2
5%
62*
6 Z
4 n
1 h
C n
1 iyt
In
[ill
3 IV4
2 2
5 1
• *
1 3
2 3*A
3 I*4
4 1.
5 3
C 12
7
orpc 2 s-3
mcer 12 15
Jones 4 8
os 3 3
Martin ... 4 1
rsey 5 IS
ad 100 200
Time. *:31V Winner, Joseph Harvey's b. f. 'by Racine-Faustina.
caaily.
Good start.
Won
631.
SIXTH RACE— HtX furlongs; three-year-olds
I
f Ptonp, 3...
Tyrant. 3...
. 4
Burly. 3 ....
I
! 4
1 li
4
2*4
'32
in
3 I*4
2 2 .
4
IlUtfl
3 2*4 '
2 2'X
4
1 1
SIH
Martin |
Jones ; :
iyton 3.
Woods 1 5
g
■12
; 1-2
'■^■■■■4
Time. 1:1 C%. Winner. F. Brown's eh. c. by imp. Ston
Wun ridden out.
assinette. Good start.
1
. - ■
."
other crusade against the down-town pool
rooms. The evening papers were yesterday
barred from pettlnp the jockeys and scratches
for their noon editions.
The stewards of the Pacific Coast Jockey
i Club met last evening at the Palace Hotel and
rev'.i-wed a number (if cases of suspended and
expelled riders and owners. The sixty-day sus
• pension on the stable of J. H. Shields & Co.
was reduced to expire on March IS. The peti
tions of Jockeys Maynard and Earl Cocnran
for reinstatement were refused, and the mare
Imp. Trance still remains under the ban.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Hace— Seven-eighths of a mile: selling.
615 Durward 102' 519 Coupon 111 102
r.l!> riiarlemagne ...Mi 514 Gallant 100
628 Adam Andrew... 105 519 Jack Martin. ...los
EIS Benamela 10$: 358 All Smoke 100
114 Silver State inn, CIS Schnltst 10s
46S Veloz 102 i S7S Charles A 105
617 Stentor 102! 552 Satyr 108
Second Race— Five furlongs; allowances.
.-: T-a Roye 111... 103 (625)Caesarlan 114
<557) George Miller. ..11l
Third Race— One mile: selling.
60."> I^os Prietos .... 91 M.-> Plan SS
462 Suuffle 1061 558 Har. Thoburn..lo3
Fourth Race— California Oaks: value. $2000;
one and an eighth rnlJes; three-year-old fillies.
... Recreation 112; 202 Punter 109
(sS6)Napamax 1171 403 Martha II 117
609 Bonlta 109 <f.43) Briar Pweet ...Hi
4Sn Stepjtbout 100 1 (598)Torslda 112
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs: allowances.
006 Howard Mann..li| COS Optler Joe 115
4*l Bellicose I' I iMDGeyser ...11
(6l3jß. y. Ban 1 1 I i6l2)Senator Bland. .ll»
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling.
549 Don Fulano ...111 599 Lena JOS
(filS)Amella F0n50...1«3 (56o)Red Glenn 110
SM Kamsln 110 1 ...Humbug 102
619 Refugee 11l I
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
\ First Race— Benameia. Jack Martin, Satyr.
I Second Race— Caesarian, Tea Rose, George
Miller.
Thlrti Race— Harry Thoburn, Plan. Souffle.
Fourth Race— Burns & Waterhouse's stable,
Torpida.
Fifth Race— Geyser, Howard Mann, Senator
Bland.
j Sixth Race— Don Fulano, Refugee, K&msln.
SMITH TRIPLETS
WIN THE PRIZE
Three Sets of Twins Were
Also Exhibited at thte Baby
Show.
Jack and Rose Stewart Won the
Trophy for the Great Cake
Walk.
The cake walk at the Mining Fair last j
i night failed to prove the drawing card ,
! that it had been expected, and with
i two exceptions the walkers were very or- j
dinary in their efforts at the grotesque. <
i The judges awarded the cake to Jack ;
! and Martha Stewart. "Pink Shirt"
O'Brien and Retta Sears were second,
while Harry Mangles and Rosa Taylor, a ,
I diminutive couple, captured the third
i prize. ,
The chief feature of the day was the :
i baby show, which was held in the after
; noon. There was an unusually large ;
! crowd in attendance, and much interest
' was manifested. It is said that the hnest i
! lot of babies ever seen at any baby show
held in this city were on exhibition. The
triplets materialized this time, and easily
! captured the *20 gold piece offered by the
management. They were members of the
Smith family, and were girls. This beau
; tiful bunch of small females are named ,
1 Mary, Frances and Marguerite.
Over sixty mothers were present with :
! their young" hopefuls, and the judges had
i a hard time of it in rendering their dcci
: sions. The following were the prize-wln
"e Handsomest girls - Herra Dunshee,
! Helen Heyneman and Lucil c Hughes,
; Handsomest boys-John Me\\ il'iams Al
\ bert Boss and Roy Rodgers. The bluest
! and blackest eyed girls were Eileen Pidge
! and Dorothy Keniston, and the best
i natured girl. Bessie Irene Singer. The
bluest and blackest eyed boys were Ed
ward Wall and Raymond Landsberger,
'■ and the best-natured boy was Raymond
Reed The first, second and third prizes
for twins were captured by the following
! babies: Anita and Isabel Carroll. Pearl
j and Harry Smead and Eva and Louise
i Sanstrom.
I The following is the musical programme
i for this evening:
Overt • Rosamund?" Schubert
Romanza. "Ernanl" W-^Oo/nS,
Paraphrase. •Lorelei" ....Nesvadba
Barytone solo. "Rocked in hte Cradle of
the DeeD" L. "-lots
election "Wizard of the Nile". .Victor Herbert
Grand collection of American airs........Cappa
Solo for cornet ;....^\. B. Infers
Pnndpaper dance ............) \ i ,? on
Fantasie, "Hunt in the Black Forest ..\oelker
Synopsis— Dawn of day. Chimes in the
distance. Assembly. Start for the
Black Forest. The smith drinking
song. The return. They scent game.
The chase. Finale. ~li
Waltz "Zenda" W Ittmark
March, "Stars and Stripes Sousa
In Holland a woman is a secondary
consideration— and a poor considera
tion at that." No Dutch gentleman
when walking on the pavement will
move out of his way for a lady. The
latter turns out invariably, however
muddy or dangerous the street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
A RULE AGAINST
THE DIVORCED
Discussion by Presbyte
rian Ministers of Its
Advisability.
Mrs. P. D. Brown Suggests a
New Law for the Pastors
of That Denomination.
The Doings at the Many Weekly
Meetings Yesterday of the
Local Clergy.
There was considerable excitement in
the»Presbyterian ministers' meeting yes
terday when Mr 9. P. D. Brown of the
Occidental Board addressed the as
sembled clergy on the subject of di
vorce.
She stated that there was a law in
this State which forbade people who
had been divorced for less than a year
from marrying again within that time.
Nevertheless she said this law was
evaded and many people went to sea
and had the ceremony performed. She
suggested to the ministers to form a
rule by which all the Presbyterian min
isters would bind themselves not to
marry any divorced person whose de
cree was less than a year old.
This remark started a debate, many
of the ministers contending that if the
County Clerk issued the license it was
no business of theirs, while others said
they would not marry a couple di
vorced less than a year for all the
money in the United States.
One gentleman stated that if a min
ister refused to marry a couple after
they had procured a license he was lia
ble to get into trouble.
A suggestion was made that it would
be well if a law were passed in the
church in this State similar to one in
New York, declaring all couples must
be closely questioned before the cere
mony is performed.
There was no decision at yesterday's
meeting, but the ministers decided to
take the question up again.
Elder Cornell read a paper before the
same denomination, and in it he ad
vised the clergy to discontinue read
ing their sermons.
"You never saw," he said, "a success
ful lawyer standing before a jury read
ing his argument, did you? Rather he
is standing before them looking square
ly in their faces and pleading his cause
with an earnestness that cannot be
mistaken. Your auditors can hear if
you face them squarely and will be
more impressed if you look into their
eyes occasionally."
The Methodist ministers listened to
an interesting paper on "Socialism" by
Dr. Bovier, who showed where social
ism had been the cause of much strife
in the world. He said: "In looking
back over the march of events as traced
in the world of God we find many dif
ferent forms of government, but we
find none that conforms essentially
to a system of socialism." He then
went on to tell how the Franco-
Prussian war was caused by socialistic
theories or principles.
Dr. Dille spoke before the Christian
ministers on Methodism.
The Congregational ministers held
their regular meting, as did also the
Baptist clergy.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o"clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M.-Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^V.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TL.X
A. S. • HUBBARD. Secretary. / >
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M... - •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. February 22, at 7:30 o'clock. R. ]&J\
A. degree. By order of the H. P. 'W- y
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. 121 . •
Eddy St.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _JV_
DAY) EVENING. February 22. at 7 J\J?
o'clock sharp. Third degree. . All mas- '
ter Masons In good standing are Invited. By
order of THOMAS L. HILL. W. 11.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office of
the company, • 327 Market St., . San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March.
; I?9S, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
I purpose of electing a board of . directors to
j serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may- come
before the meeting.' Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY, February 26, at 12 o'clock m.
E. IT. SHELDON. Secretary..
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CONFIRMATION of sale of . Cresta Ranch—
The Cresta Konciio of 120 acres In San Mateo
County, which has been sold by Public Ad-
ministrator Freeze to <;. C. Caglleri, subject
to the order of the Probate .Court, will come
up before Judge Slack on Wednesday next
at 10 o'clock for confirmation. •_, ■ , .
BAD tenants • cjecteff~for $4 ; collections '■ made ;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. 5iSO.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye. : elec-
trician: alcohol. "Turkish baths: unrivaled. , :
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam ' and cabinet
baths. 120'fc Geary st., room 11. ,
. HANSEN, latest galvanio battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 73 (fifty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM- -
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company,- 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, March 1, 189 S. Transfer books
• will close on Wednesday, ■ February 23, ISHS,
at 3 o'clock p. in. • '; v.--a :
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS French maid and seamstress de-
sires situation: 2 years last place; or as
nurse ; best references. MISS CULLEN, 3"'5
Sutter st. ; •, .. ' %
NEAT young girl desires situation at. house-
work or as nurse. $1J to $15; references. -MISS
CULLEN, ;325 Sutter st." v; . . ,
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion, or as nurse; best reierencen; city or
; across .the ' bay. MISS CULLEN, \ 325 • Sutter. '
FRENCH, also ■ German nurse, ; best of ■.'■ refer-
ences, desires a situation.. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31U Sutter st. -. • . :
NEAT r German girl wishes , situation ;as ', cook:
understands first-class German ; cooking; ref-
erences. MRS. -NORTON. !23 Sutter St.; tel
Green -721. ' . - -.-:, .-.- -, /. ,;-.-, ■;-....•; .j^.;/f?.; .■:-/.
NORWEGIAN houseglrl with best city refer-
. ences, good cook. $29 to $25; city or country
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. ,- : J'~
WOMAN with experience, -■ first-class , cock.
. wishes to ■ run : a boarding • house. "•• Apply ,74s
Howard st. " •■".'" . •. . ......
COMPETENT young lady stenographer desires
• a position; ; references. ■; Box 1255. Call office. >
YOUNG lady wishes a position as housekeeper;
■:, Is i a good s cook. Address : 447 McAllister st.v
room 12. --'-:.' ■■:■■.-■ . : '-'■:: : ;, •. ,v\ :: - ■'• '-• -■.
PROTESTANT, woman wishes situation In pri-
I vate family to do cooking and a little light
I washing: Call 10lS>4 Larkln st.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
GERMAN girl wishes to do upstairs work and
sewing. 350 Twelfth st., corner Harrison.
GERMAN lady of culture, domestic taste and
executive ability; competent to fill any posi-
tion entrusted to her to satisfaction; best of
references given. FRAULEIN. box 1256, QUI.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er; is not afraid of work; no objection to
country; first-class references. 150 Cook at.,
near Geary.
NEAT English cook; can do French and Amer-
ican style; also washing. Call at 129 Third
St.; no window cleaning; no postal cards.
WANTED— A place to wash and iron for Mon-
day and Wednesdays; over 3 years in last
place: best of references. Address MRS. M.
E. JENSEN, IS Minna st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for cooking and
downstairs work. 1153 Folsom St.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do house-
work. 2608 Mission st., near Twenty-second.
WOMAN wishes position ns cook In hotel, res-
taurant, boarding house or private family:
references. Address box 1261, Call office.
LADY desires position to care for invalid or
housekeeper: no objection to country. Box
1200. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants a position as chamber
maid or entire housework, but prefers cham-
ber work. Call at 1022 Mason st.
COMPETENT Scandinavian woman wishes sit-
uation for housework; city or country. 358
Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) wishes position
in private boarding house or family, or will
do chamber work. Address 1024 Jackson st.
WIDOW wishes a position as housekeeper;
Is a first-class cook and thoroughly under-
stands children and the care of them and
their clothes; can give references as to capa-
bilities, honesty, etc.; have no objections to
leaving city. Address M., box 12G6. Call.
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish draper
| and designer; thorough dressmaker; by the
i day. MISS HARWICK. S3O Geary st.
i COLORED woman, exprienced nur«e, fair cook,
J wishes situation; do not object to country;
i good references. Box 1267, Call office.
I COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes work hy
I the day; $1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth
! St., room 33.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day, washing, ironing or hous-eeleantnjr; $1
day and car fare. Call or addresc 731 Fols'im.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day.
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Please
call or address C. H., 951 Mission st.
I RELIABLE woman wishes to cook for board-
i ing house or camp. L., 530 Eighth, Oakland.
i RESPECTABLE young lady desires position
small American family for general house-
i work: city or Oakland. 212Vj Eleventh St.
'■ WILLING, competent woman to do any kind
j of work by day: washing. Ironing, cleaning
j or chamber work. Address Me 2.">-6 Mission.
YOUNG woman would like a position as house-
keeper: city or country. 21Vj Langton st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist in
general nousework; plain washing. Address
1359 Minna st.
i REFINED respectable woman wishes a sltua-
I tlon as housekeeper. 632 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG woman desires position to do rham-
berwork or plain sewing. Call or address
969 Mission B>t.. room 7. first floor.
YOUNG woman would like position to do
light housework In good, private family;
no children: wages no object: good home pre-
ferred; <-ity or country. Address 808 Center
st.. Oakland.
GOODcookand second girl, or will do chamber-
work and waiting; city or country. Box 1232,
Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do plain sewing or
mending. 116 Sixth St., room 6.
TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments to go to Klondike as cook and wait-
ress. Address box 1238, Call office.
YOUNG woman wi.uld like 2 nr 3 days' work
each week. 233 Prentiss st.. nr. Curtland aye.
LADY wishes working housekeeper's position
| or plain sewing. 139 Fourth St.. room 10.
AMERICAN lady, general housework and sew-
ing: no objection, to country; girl 4H years.
Address MRS. J.. box 7. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires a p°sition to do cham-
berwork or sewing, or both. Call or address
308 Tehama st., room 14.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
st.. room 1.
: MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
| low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION J U.AS I'KU— SIALK.
CHINESE and Japanese festal* 10 y«fix») help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY St CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant sfi G. AOKI. 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk: tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office: work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 6os.
FIRST-CLASS balt.r (German), sober and In-
dustrious, wants a situation; city or coun-
try. I. M.. 132 Ninth st.
BUTCHER, young man, would like a position
in the country; a good all round butcher.
Address H. D. A., 147 Seventh St.
STEADY boy, age 17. living with his parents,
desires a situation. Box 12.'2. Call office.
AN honest and reliable Japanese cook wants
position in respectable family; references;
country or city; no objection to washing. Ad-
dress S. C, care barber shop, 641 California,
YOUNG Californi.m. formerly a jockey, in pri-
vate family as hostler, gardener and milker
U required; references. Box 1263, Call office.
STRONG man of 2* years, who Is not afraid of
hard work and has a fair education, wishes
a place In a commission or wholesale house
or some similar employment. Box 1269, Call.
WANTED— Position as foreman of ranch, or-
chard or vineyard; 10 years" California ex-
perience; strictly first-class and thoroughly
versed in all Improvements: wife Al cook
and able to run boarding house; references;
Box 12fiS. Call office.
BARTENDER wants situation. I. M.. 1300
Webster st.. San Francisco.
RELIABLE man seeks situation; carpenter and
draughtsman, or would take partnership or
place of trust. X., 126 Ellis st.
SITUATION, runner. porter, day or night
clerk in lodging house or hotel, city or coun-
try: city references and cash security. Box
1272, Call.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations
as cooks or work on ranch; reference. Call
or address !>., 1837 Mission st.
MAN with good horse and buggy wishes situa-
tion as collector, agent or delivering busi-
ness; well acquainted with the city; refer-
ences. Address Box 1273, Call.
MAN (youn.;,-. slnßle) wants situation as gar-
dener (flowers and vegetables), milker, etc.;
can drive and care horses; Al references;
tragaa. Box 114S, Cal!.
PRINTING — Steady man wants country situa-
tion: news, book or plain jobbing. R- LOCKE,
Rosedalo House, 321 Ellis st.
I GARDENER; French; experienced In landscape
I and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or address 2221 Post St.
STEADY young man wishes position In butcher
shop to learn trade, or in mercantile house;
permanent position an object: reference. Ad-
dress 313 Third aye.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wants situa-
tion in city or country; good propagator;
handy with tools; can milk: no intelligence
office need apply. Address R. T. BAKER.
857 Bryant St.. city. 8. F.
RELIABLE middle-aged man. with years of
experience in care, of horses, carriage and
garden for private parties, wishes work: can
milk: handy and obliging- good references.
_ Address C. R. c . ;„;. Minna st.
BOOKKEEPER— Thorough. experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references, r.ox 1041. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to t»
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
PROTESTANT second girl. $20. Berkeley. MISS
CULLEN. 32f. Sutter st.
TWO colored cooks, $25 and $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country hotel. $25 MISS CULLEN. 32J
Sutter st.
NURSE, sleep home $10 per month. MISS
iTI.I.KN. m Sutter St.
TWO sivor.d Kirls. $25 ~and~s2o. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND g-lrl and seamstress. $25: French sec-
ond girl. $25; French nurse, $20: 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; C young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
FRENCH chambermaid,^. MISS CULLEN.
3J."i Slitter st.
SECOND girl, $25; 2~~German and French
nurses. $20; waitress to take charge. $25; a
cookp, German style. $25: laundress and
chambermaid, $25; American working house-
keeper, $15; S waitresses, hotels and restau-
rants. $2u,and $5 week; cook, small boarding-
house, $25. and a large number of girls for
oonkinß and housework J F. CROSETT &
I CO.. 316 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GIRL? Twenty^thirdT $20;~Ross Valley, $20;
cook, Eddy, $25 ; . cook, Octavia. $30 ■ Valle jo,.
. $20; Jackson, $25; Pine, $20; Washington, $20;
Pacific aye., $25; Masonic aye.. $20. MARTIN
& CO., ; 749 Market st.;. ■- • - ■■'■■ - ■r/'X-v.
2 WAITRESSES/ Pacific Grove, $20 and room;
2 waitresses, city, same place, $I."> and room;
2 : waitresses, . same '■-. country ■ ' hotel, ' $15 and
room, fare paid; pantry girl, $20, call early;
5 waitresses, $5 week; 3 girls, $4 week.' MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market Pt. '.. -
MISS HELEN > SCHOLE Y, waitress— Please
call to-day; important. -MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st. ■ ... ■ • -..■'. ,
IRONER, starch . clothes, country hotel, $25;
waitress, j hotel, Fresno; lunch counter wait-
ress, Fresno; waitress, - Santa ' Cruz . County,
$20; 10 waitresses, hotels, Los Angeles County,
$20; restaurant waitresses, near city. $25; arm
waitresses, city, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
IPS Geary st. \-
4 GERMAN cooks. $25; 3 house girls. $20; Prot-
estant girl for second work, $20; 10 girls for
housework, $15; second girl, must wear cap.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. ■
LINEN ' room girl, good seamstress, for large
city hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
8 CHAMBERMAIDS, large first-class country
hotel, $20 and free fare. C. p. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 Geary st. . .
country hotel, $20.. fare ! paid.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63 C Clay St.
SECOND girl wanted; nice place in American
family; must be a good waitress and do
plain sewing; $20; references required. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
| WANTED -- French cook and houseworker,
small family,. $25; German or Swedish second
and plain sewing, $25; French second, $20 to
♦-a; girl to cook on a ranch. $20; girls for
o? UU r B | W^ Al?^A 1 ?^ asBist . $20, $15 and $10. Call
at LEON ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton st. . •
SECOND girl. Berkeley, $20; second glrl.Oak-
.SL 120 ' and a number of second girls, city,
at $20 and $25; Scandinavian housekeeper, to
cook for two men, $15. country: 2 house girls,
tin lnii .;t» each; German house girl, city,
$20, two in family; Irish house girl. $25 to 30;
cook, $30; Swedish cook. $25; second girl.
$20; seamstress and waitress. $25; German
nurse $25; young nurse girl. $15. and a num-
j^.^^^rs n ut f t° rr r C it ty and COUntry '
ggSjVS^ ! no cooking;
ED YOUnS Birl for " ght housework. 1532
Jones st.
OPERATORS on ladles' muslin underwear and
shirt waists. BAUER BROS. & CO., 547
i»itirKPt st.
GOOD chocolate dipper wanted 1160 Valencia
»t. Laseres Candy Factory.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer, salary $25 per week;
steady position.^ DIM AN, 1102 Market st.
O n E OSD/?2O SD/?2 chlld en>s lac* cap* a d hats.
_BAUER BROS. & CO.. 547 Market St.
WANTED— Tatloress as pants finisher; cus-
tom work 5^ Kearny st.. . rm. 18, top floor.
WANTED— First-class waitress and chamber-
mam: must have city references; wages $25.
Please apply at 1817 : Jackson St., between
Franklin and Gough.
COOK for small restaurant; good home; wages
small; German preferred. Box 1253. Call.
GIRL from 12 to 15 to help on skirts; pay
while learning. 868 Mission St.. room 7.
GOOD cook for small family; no washing:
wages $20. 2300 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG woman to work In the kitchen; under-
stands cooking. 13 Polk st.
GIRL for light housework and help tend a
baby. Call early. 929 A Sutter st.
GIRL for housework; wages $S; call between 9
and 12. 1423 Stelner st. x
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and
waists. NEWBAUER BROS.. 18 First St.
YOUNG lady clerk; one acquainted with sta-
tionery business preferred; -references re-
quired. Call between 8 a. m. and 9 p. m. at
1505 Polk st.
GOOD girl for cooking and general housework;
wages $20. 836 Union st. -
NEAT German girl to assist with housework;
small family; call 10 to 11 a. m. 1526 O'Farrell.
GLOVE salesladies; confectionery and soda
counter clerks; 2 seamstresses. 1023 Market.
GIRL wanted for light housework. 35 Clarence
place, off Townsend, between Second and
Third. , . .
COMPETENT second girl, sewing, waiting and
chamber work; references required. 1725
Pine st.
GIRL 15 assist In light housework; 3 in fam-
ily. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Talloress on coats. Call 4081*
O'Farrell st. : -:. : . ... .
WANTED — Glrl< • who ■ understands ! German
cooking and housework. 1440 O'Farrell st. ,
GIRL to care for baby and do light house-
work (about 15 or 16). 2830 Twenty-fourth.
WANTED— GirI of 15 or 16 to do light house-
work; wages $10. Call 1007 Guerrero st.
WANTED— GirI I for cooking, general house-
work. Apply 2409 Washington st.
LADIES — Agent wanted, canvassing easy sell-
Ing article. D.T., box 1248, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
' DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
. st. ; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEVI. STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont St.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS. 324 Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
- St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
MALE HELP WA..TEU.
2 BUTLERS, $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street. ■ - /
KITCHEN crew, $100 to $110; head and second
cooks and dishwashers for a country hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
BREAD baker, first-class country hotel, $65;
. second ' baker, country shop, ' $35 ■ and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
3 NEAT German or French omnibuses to carry
off dishes In ■. first-class hotel, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. ,-
FIRST-CLASS checker who has held l a similar
position In a large first-class hotel. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. * .
WASHER and * starcher, country laundry. $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CD., 108 Geary.
WAITER, first-class country hotel, $35 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary, st.
3 COLORED waiters with dress suits, . country
hotel, $23, call early: 2 colored extra waiters.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10$ Geary st. . '
4 FIRST-CLASS waiters for European plan.
' $35; 3 neat Eastern waiters for European plan,
$35; * waiters with dress suits, $30; waiter,
country, $20 and room. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
STOREROOM man who understands meat cut-
ting. $60 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st. ; : .:;■':.. .
WOODSMEN, shingle boltmakers; box bolt-
mnkers; fellers and choppers. $1 25 cord, long
job. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
2 MACHINE lathe hands. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st. ■:.,!
10 FARMERS for a large orchard, steady work
$20 and found. • C. R. HANSEN & CO., : 108
- Geary st. ;.'
20 REDWOOD tlemakers, long Job. 8c and 10c
a tie; see boss here. C. R-. HANSEN & CO.
. i 108 ; Geary st. : . ... "'y -.■ , ... -■;-. -•• s ■ ■<. . .;,. ■■/.. - ■
ENGAGED AND g^MT— _^l
Yesterday. 36 woodchoppera: to-day we want
: 89 more, for hanks, . corporations, trust syndl- !
' cates,' sawmills, : etc. ; 4-foot wood, from $1 25 i
to $1 ■ cord ; , pinewood. redwood," oak wood, etc. i
Come and - get •■: full < Information from' MUR- i
RAY & READY. Leading ; Employment !
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel phone 5548.
TO-DAY WE WANT — -
10 laborers to cut brush, etc., in the • woods
for a great sawmill corporation; wages $20 per
month and found; Job steady; see director at I
our office. 9a. m. MURRAY & READY, 634 i
: and C 36 Clay st. ; : Telephone Main 5845. :■-;/,■. .
35 PRUNERS 77T" " __
: Wnntetl  for different orchards. ' etc.; : 5 \ farm-
ers. $23;- 3 teamsters and ■■ farmers. $20; 5
farmers. $15; farmer and wife; choreman for l
an institution: 2 vegetable gardeners, $20 and j
. found : : 3 choreboys for ranches "$5 , and -$6 . i
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment >
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main SMS.
TIES TIES — — — — TIKS
• — ' '97 ■ MEN - ~- - -"-
. Wanted to cut • 6xSx7 foot ■ ties. Sc, M 9c and 10c
each. : MURRAY &- READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
5 LABORERS.- city/ $23 and found; 2 teamsters
city. $1 75 day. ; MURRAY & READY, 634 and
6"f» Clay st. : -::- ■; r- ■-, ■-. ,: ' v ■ •[->■./. r
SHINGLE packers wanted; call early MUR-
■RAY READY, and 636 Clay s"t. <
5 WAITERS. ; $30.-; $25 and f 2O ; i 3 cooks. $45, $35
and $30; elevator young; man:: solicitor city
dairy- r MURRAY.. & ' READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents.' 634 and 036 Clay st. - V
INTO~^ — - . ■-- - ■■-:■
> The i great woods eof i California "we j want to
ship 20 men ;to ; cut : oak wood i and redwood-
1 families ; can -go-If s; they f choose a to; ; good
: cabins: near a school. MURRAY & READY
. -. Leading Employment Agents. 631 and 635 Clay
; st. : Telephone Main 5548. . ,;-, '^
: WANTED— Night cook, $25; room : private hot
cook, ; $70: • second , cook > and pastry,* $40; ; dish-
washer, $20. room: second cook,'^restaurant $6
. week : <■-; head ~. cook. ;; $10 1 week : '., second -v and
pastry, country, $30. ; room. MARTIN CO
■ 749 Mark st. ..; :,■ .-..-, : -.-
! HELP WAV.ZD- Con tinned.
3~WAITERS, $30 and room; hotel steward, pri-
vate hotel, $30 and room. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
BARREL washer for laundry. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
WANTED— Foreman, small fruit ranch, $25 to
$30; 10 laborers for millyard, $1 day and
board; 8 laborers for lumber railroad, $20 and
found; 50 woodsmen for making ties, cord-
wood, etc.; 2 farmers and milkers, $25; 2 men
about place, $25: choreman, $20; blacksmith
for camp; machine man for light work, $12
week; B timbermen for mine, $2 50 to $3 day;
I and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
! mento st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian farmer
i and wife for gentleman's country place. $35.
| Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
j mento st.
i WANTED— Cook, country hotel, $60; 4 flrst-
| class restaurant waiters, $10 week; pantry-
! man, $7 week; kitchen man, waiter and bed-
maker, country, $15. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 miners, $52 per month, half fare
paid; driver for milk wagon in city. $35 per
month and found, references required; butter
maker for private dairy near city, $2.'. per
month: ranch teamster, $25: also milkers,
j farmers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay St.
COOK? "boarding house. $30 to $35; vegetable
gardener, coontqr, $20. R. T. WARD & CO..
60S-610 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS electrician for lamp repair shop;
must be Al mechanic; state experience and
references. Address box 1265, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS oyster house waiter at once. M.
B. MORAGHAN. 68 California Market.
CARPENTERS and ordinary seamen for coast
and Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
TAILORS" for country- CARO BROS.. 23
Grant aye.
TWENTY machinists; 3 mechanical draughts-
men ; boiler makers; ship builders. 1018 Wash-
ington st., Oakland.
ADVERTISING department manager $100.
nenr city; experienced man only. 101S Wash-
)r_ctm St., Oakland.
ASSIST bookkeeper; traveling publishing
house collector; hotel watchman, near Los
Angeles; man and wife care gentleman s
place. Sl3 Bush st.
LACE goods salesman. $12; notion clerk, $12;
house furnishing, $75; charge domestic de-
partment. $15; open at once. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier light,
profitable cash business, permanent; small in-
vestment fully secured. Particulars 313 Bush.
TWO Iron-ship builders; 3~~boiler makers; 3
ehlp blacksmiths; at once; best wages. 1023
Market st.
MARRIED man with grown family to manage
dairy ranch. Particulars 1023 Market st.
W <\N'TED— Rapid temperate compositor; night
work. Box 1271. Call office.
W-\XTED— :Two first-class tinners. Call
HOLBROOK. MERRILL & STETSON, cor-
ner Market and Beale sts.
MAN to work by the half day. 2759 Mission.
WANTED— Man for private place; care of
horses and garden. 530 Eighth St.. Oakland.
PRUNERS for vineyard, can find work. In-
quire Pacific Nursery, corner Lombard and
Baker sts.
TAILORS for seat room; every convenience.
411»r_ Kearny st., top floor.
PARTNER for good wine business; must un-
derstand business. 431 Bush st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 13C.
WANTED— 3 rough carpenters to build bins.
Apply 554 Mission Bt.
WANTED — Men and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist. Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED— An experienced, thoroughly compe- i
tent salesman and buyer for furnishing goods I
and clothing. Address applications to L. F., |
box 1217, Call Office, stating where last em-
ployed, references and salary expected; no
application will be considered unless the in-
formation asked for is given.
WANTED— Trustworthy persons to travel; sal-
ary $7SO and expenses; reference; Inclose self-
addressed stamped envelope. THE DOMIN-
ION COMPANY. Chicago.
BOY, 14 yea/s. to learn mechanical trade;
German descent preferred; must live home.
Address box 1223, Call office.
FIVE men to Join a company opening gravel
and quartz mine. Call at 1145 Mission st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Statea
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages ot
tl and SO yeor». who are dttzens of the
United States, or those who have locally de-
dared their intention to become such; must i
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
VALLEJO House, 633 California St.— This house
changed hands; everything In good condition;
rooms. 25c,. 50c, 75c, $1 per night; per week,
$1 25, $2 and $3: transient: housekeeping rooms
cheap; call and see. LOUIS MATTEL Prop.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
PHYSICIAN wanted in first-class country loca-
tion, or will sell drug store to physician; no
other doctor in town; no cut prices on drugs;
price $1000. :> Address Old Physician, ■ box 30,
Call office. . .
WANTED — Experienced electric elevator opera-
tors. Apply at once Superintendent, the Em-
porium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. .. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— brewer for Oregon. Ad-
dress box 1143, Call , office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House.- 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Montana House, 764% Mission
• St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
- In city. Apply at 767 Market st. •
CIVIL service .Government positions— so ques-
tions and answers free. . Address HUGHES
.Preparation, Washington, D. C.
SAILORS* and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 : Davis St.. near Jackson.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at.. ; near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
| LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
ROSFTDALE House. 321 Ell Rooms 23c to 81
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MKN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 135»4 Eighth st. .
SINGLE rooms, -10c and Xc night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 563V4 (Elcho House)— 20c. 25 C
to 4fDc night: $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 223 (Oriental)— 15c. to 75c per
night; 50c to $160 per week. . -.. ' '
WANTED— To collect ! wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
! TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. -y. • >>>,-.
! 4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
: want ads and subscriptions taken. •
PARTNERS 'WANTED.
WOMAN wants male . partner; ' ranch. "30
; Hanna St., Oakland. * v . :
PARTNER wanted— man; $150; good
! chance. 4 Box 1270. Call office. -
WANTED— A partner with $200 In small manu-
facturins business in Alameda County: trial
given. Can at 1571 Market st. -
j V HOI SES WANTED. : :;':":
TO RENT— A furnished boarding house of ho-
tel ; country preferred. MRS. P. MONACO
I 74S Howard st. • ■■•■■■■
tt OM S | WANTED.
• TWO unfurnished •', rooms for"" housekeeping
; north of .Market st. : cheap. :■ Box 1231. ■ Call.
j ROOMS AND , BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— room Tu^To? kitchen
. north of < Market st. ; - Address S. C, Branch
Call office. 339 Hayes St.- - /. - ! . "™" "
; DENTIST wants board and : room In exchange
for dentistry. Address box 1222. Call. v. -
WANTED— MISCELLAISEO US.
! WANTED— Good horse for delivery call
this morning. ; Apply 2200 Fifteenth st. :
WANTED— To ; rent a i complete restaurant- or
outfit, vi with s privilege • of ■ buying: must be
-, good condition. l : Box: 1212. 'Call office. ■..-.-;■
WM. MUND. watchmaker - and jeweler; gold
and silver bought for cash, jj 226 Ellis st. ™ i?
SEWING' machine wanted; high, arm; state
maker. , Box : 1214, : Call office. :.';'""
I 5000 l r TONS of -. cast Iron ;at once. . 204 Mission
; PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; I second-
14 ! hand. 109 Montgomery st. p. ;.;, ..
[ MACHINERY, belting, i pipe. ■ scales, tool*.- etc
; bought and 501 d ... J. Livingston. ; 204 . Mission.
i FA\VNBROKEK-Old -gold. '-qlWer.; cast-off
1 .clothing bought. Add. COLEMA.n-,.ii- Third.
FIRMTIIiE WAITED.
' HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion Et. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
•15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
1 scrlptjons and want ads taken.
EDUCATIONA-,
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil _ mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $60; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech., survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room make* you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
FOR 60 days only w«> will teach our Improved
method of portrait enlarging free. Halloran
Art School. Emma Spreckels building, r. 608.
LATEST method of teaching Spanish; 1 trial
lesson free; can call at residence: references.
Address H. L. GUEYDAN. 526 Shrader st.
LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st
FISK Agency.B2s Market st.— Teachers fur-
nished; public; private; governesses ; tutors.
MISS IjaMBLeFsF dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
dero; adults, Fri.. 8 p.m.; children. Thu., 3:80.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123« Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.: lea-
sons, 25c, Studio. 419 Geary St., roorn^U.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor »t.
• CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trane*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; shs
will show you how to overcome your enemies, •
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant . card-
reader; born double veil and second sight: •
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalrv. ; sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MRS. JOHNSON, card reader and magnetic
healer. MM, Ellis st.. room 41.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. ARCHER, 'clairvoyant and mind-reader.
101% Grant aye., room 15.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents.
25c. 327 Fifth st. ___ '
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market st.. room 41. top floor.
MME. LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment 401 Leavenworth.
IDA INGLEWOOD, card-reader, magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
MME. LINEMAR tells fortunes by planets:
prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 23H Sixth, r. 6. '
MISS BELL .GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St.. room 10.
MME. IDA SCHMIDT, magnet Ist. card reader
and fortune teller. 234 O'Farrell. r. 4 and 5.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 3201. Geary st.
MRS. RAT from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. 1015 Market St., room 17, 2d floor.
RAT FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St., room 2. » ■■• ' .
MISS MELVILLE. . great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 Vi Mission: German spoken.
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer; mind read-
er. 223 Post St., room 11, second floor.
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chicago; card
reader. 906 Market st., or 9 Ellis, room 22.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor st., room
3; : mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium; 1
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
urns tit* • iwvi Tunuia ~*ir-t in her oro-
fusion: ni»ver fails: advice: help. 929 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. - MILLER. George Washington material-
izing seance, 8 p. m.. 50c. 409 Leavenworth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c; fine music. 605" McAllister st. t
CIRCLE to-night. 112' i Oak; Mrs. Mayo Steers;
private readings. $1. . ,
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant; circle Tues.
Frl. eves., 10c; readings daily, 23?. 80c. 10S 6th.
MISS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate-writer; de-
' veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages ami advice. 218 Stockton st.
615 LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .' .■;■>'./-•: -
HYPNOTISM.
COMPETENT lady physician treats nervous
diseases, "functional disorders, habits and
rheumatism by magnetism and suggestive
therapeutics: no medicines: hours 10 to 10:
Sunday by appointment. 911 Van Ness aye.
HORSES.
— YOUNG business mare; sound: stands;
good driver. Box 1262, Call office.
GENTLE horse for sale cheap, or anything in
exchange. E. 8., box 23. Fruitvale.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage: 40 hors;s; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor." 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade' Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LADY'S village cart and brougham; nearly
new; 'cheap. 500 Golden Gate aye.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st-t,^,
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery • delivery
wagons, 2- wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. -
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
■ for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
* DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $0; painless extraction; sea
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty: teeth Im-
- planted or j transplanted; - fillings 50c, crowns
$3 50; .-all work painless and, warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ■
VAN. VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
;;. dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, - $5 up: silver
fillings. 25c up; gold crowns.. $3 50 up; your
.teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, Me:
: plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up: silver,- 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up: special Inducements
to Klondlkers: open evenings and Sundays.
. 969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $3
per set; extracting 50c; £as given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist. discoverer of - painless extraction and
patentee, of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O' Farrell.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. - TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., ; 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
' T^M^ke^!. War ? nted - DR - J/
!ro jrggiTO^. a plate - DRrFi:
CH , E , API T antl best In America— The Weekly
- Call. Sent to any ' address 'In the United
• States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
STORAGE. :, . ~~
AT low rates— Furniture^ carpets DlanoiT
.: household goods; » clean, light compart menta;
advances made. , J. NOON AN. 1017 to 103
Mission St.. > above Sixth ; ; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household ' §,oods. "pianos: ad-
ZEl."rV^«!n v/) r< ? roof bull <»ne. F. W.
. 4Kfc.PISS. 840 . Mission st. : -. Tel. Mint 182 L __
:. . ; . . TYl*"E WRITERS.
YO oo<J ArU " r ' $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery, st. ;BUSINESS CHANCES.
$550— Saloon, club rooms and cigars;, fine fix-
tures; a gold mine. KREDO & CO., .22%
Geary st. ' * .
jsso_c O rner grocery and bar; value in stock;
daily receipts $25. KREDQ & CO., 22% Geary.
ne saloon; 40 minutes from city; good 5
town; bonanza. KREDO & CO.. 22', Geary.
SALOONS— S2SO city, ' $400 country. $600 coun- 1
try. $600 city. $900 city. $1000' Oakland; fine 1
ciimr-etand. city. $225. To sell your business 1
quiok. call on KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st. j
STRAND _ CO., 23 Kearny Ft., buy,; sell or
exchange business quick; partner procured.'- ;
• 150— P \KTNEH wanted in office and commis-
sion business; will clear $75 per- month to -
each. See STRAND. 23 Kearr.y st. :^.Z ■
SSO<v_cORNEK grocery and bar; best In -city;
rent $20. STRAND. 23. Kearny st. :
RESTAURANT: fine corner •••• $900
Candy store; worth $500; price •.-225 ,
Delicacy store; large trade ••••• liw
Saloon; fine corner; down town wo
Restaurant; worth $600; only l'j |
Grocery ana bar; corner • &■>
Millinery store in good country town — iOO
Apply to H. <•. DECKER. 1020 Market St.-
LOCKSMITH business; going to Alaska
cause of sale. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon at a sacrifice If
sold immediately. CURRAN&CO. 30 Kearny.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 300 :
A very nice cigar store; good location... 300
Three good saloons and 3 restaurants for
sale at ANDERSON. & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
GRAND opportunity for the right man 'with ;
$1600;. Immense business, with big, quick j
profits; rare chance; strictest Investigation
solicited; particulars given on personal Inter-
view. Room 51, 48 Fourth St.; -San Francisco,
hours from 5:30 to 7 p. m., or F. S. PHIL- '
I. IKS, Fresno. Cal.
FOR SALE— A complete planing mill plant,
Including a 50-horse power boiler and engine,
at very low price. Address A. F. GILBERT.
I Oakdale Lumber Yard, Oakdale, Stanislaus
County. 1 aI.
GOOD paying business; large stock wines.
syrups, cordials and liquors; horse and wagon ;
and go 1 outside route: must be sold at once t
account sickness. Call 9 to 10 a. m.. 3-15% \
Fifth st. f
ONE of the best-paying restaurants In the city;
located on principal street. For particulars
address WM. HERRMAN, 620 Washington St. f
BARGAIN, on account of departure: paying
coal and wood business In running order; I
good location. Box 1257, Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in country brew-
ery; one that understands how to make steam
beer and porter. Box 1254, Call office.
BAKERY, best arranged and finest. fitted -up in
city; positively a good paying business; owner j
retiring. 3025 Sacramento St.
READ this— (Rent free to right party); large
part of basement to let, suitable for employ-
ment office, at 211 Grant aye.
VERY cheap; old established restaurant doing
fair busings?: going East. 654 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
FOR SALE— Cheap; barber shop at 627 Com-
mercial st.
$300— PARTNER wanted, light business, $15 to
$20 a week; no experience required; business '
to be enlarged. 9 Geary St.. room 2.
FOR SALE — Horseshoeing shop: fine location: i
chpap rent; tools and stock No. 1; good •
chance if sold this week. 701 Greenwich st. '
BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap. 249 Fourth.
GROCERY for First-class stock of gro- j
ceries, fixtures, etc., on premises southwest 1
corner of Bush and Lapjina sts., will be !
sold on Wednesday, February 23, at eleven
(11) o'clock a. m. ; inventory may be seen at
this office. CURTIN & BEALS, - room . 24,
third floor. Mills building.
;
A CHANCE for a bright gent or lady to buy
interest In the "Wedding Bell" publication; C|
$600 and references required. Inquire person- !
ally of R. BENJAMIN, 11l Ellis St., city. '
$100 — Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
have run it five years; rent $10. Cor. Castro
and Henry sts.
NEWSPAPER routes and general news I
, agency:* price $3*oo rash: principals only. Ad- I
dress Agent, box 1249, Call office. " |
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta-
tionery, librar- cigars; cheap for cash. Ad-
dress box 1224, Call. - !
FOR — Good store for man and wife; home
bakery; all store -trade. Apply Call office;
no agents.
FURNITURE and fixtures of dressmaking |
store; three living rooms; rent iow. SO4 Lar- i
kin fit. ;■;'•■• .-■;.* I
OLD established bakery. 1101 Howard st.. near j
Seventh; 4 rooms and hake oven; rent cheap ;
r»Rtr« sf>re. - eaay terns. :jroo«t. fresh .stock;
central.l ocation. C- 8..- 1214 Felt st. " r T^
SHOESHOP for sale; well established: cheap '
rent 2009 Hyde st., near Union.
RESTAURANT for sale (tfieap. .13$ Second st. I
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap; fine loca- I
tion. Inquire 340 Kearny st.
$450— CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny sts.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; nearly all day work;
too much other business: will sell for less [
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth j
and Howard sts. ■ £S?i3sS
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St., city.
RESTAURANT and oyster-house: fine loca-
tion;, will be sold cheap. 514 O'Farrell st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay. ,
$5000 — WELL - ESTABLISHED, good-paying
down-town stationery and notion store; long
lease at low rent; must be sold. Ap-
ply or address CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH, 323 Sansome St.. S. F.
PLAY the races on our. new system; .$6O a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
l for services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., San Francisco. '
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme: safe, practical success. j
David Sloane. 110 St. Paul St., Baltimore. Md.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent; estab- ''
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN.
Livermore, Cal.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
PARTY to take charge of business In owner's
. absence. 6C6 Montgomery, room IS.
827 MONTGOMERY Bt.. branch office of the
' Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
■ j
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE "" '"' '""'" "212 j
• • "Wanted— ls - more men .to go to Dawson
-City, leaving here about March 1 in the j
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad- j
ing and Mining Company; '■ steady employ- i
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500 j
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms "20' and 21, Chronicle
building,- San Francisco. "
rOTJNG man of experience in gravel mining,
who has good chances In the Klondike coun- j
try. wishes to be .staked by lady or gentle- '
. man under a contract for two years to. locate, j
work- -or bond mines. » water rights, timber !
sites, town lots. etc., for half of profits ;■ best
of references. BEANS, box 1264, Call office.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First et. .- ■
WANTED— men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both ways like a crosscut.' 17-19
• Fremont St. .' • . '. ■ •
KLONDIKERS— rates for a limited
number going by Victoria. Call or write
SO% Third st. ■"..-' "'
FOR SALE — big St. Bernard dogs; trained
for Klondike. Box 1259, Call office. .
VESSELS for sale;' steam or sail; river ■or
ocean. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st. ■
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
In Alaska. E. E. BUNCE, 908: Broadway,
Oakland. Cal. ' ' ; . -
KLONDIKE provisions, -lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
" ~~ • _.OST. " • '-." ' ''
LOST— Brown spaniel slut. 6 months old.
white front feet with collar. Return to 445
O'Farrel st. and receive reward. ••: - -•■_
LOST-- Monday evening, Feb.. 2l, lady's stone
martin fur collar; a liberal reward by return
■ t0 ?07? 07 Mason st. ■'.--"■ :■•:.'-. .
LOST— A Maltese and gray male cat; reward.
2216% Mission st. .- -'-. ■■•: - • '■" - : :
LOST— Several weeks ago, light colored silver
headed- cane; Initials J. F. C. 1889. Return
to 2412 Sutter st.. and receive reward. . ■
LOST— A passbook with The.Hlbernia Savings
•and Loan Society of San Francisco, In: the -
name EDWARD R. BARRY, No. 138 401 ]
i The finder will please return to Bank. ■;."'•':■■•:-■
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch office of The Call)
_ subscriptions and want ads taken. .-. : ".;
- ..■■-..---.
PERSONALS.
WANTED —To ' know ' the whereabouts of
CHARLES OBER: IS years old; large for age.
Address F. H. 11HKR, 2237 Mission Bt.- : , .
MATRIMONIAL.
\LL seeking marriage, call •or send '10c' ■ for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco.'. -
. BUSINESS PERSONALS.
JUINONIA. a perfect" hair tohic7 r harmless,
beneficial. G. . LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. •
NEW -method 1 massage* electric treatment;
heated room. .MRS. JOHNSTON, 514% Geary.
THE beauty of hair can only be retained by
careful dressing. I charge but 25c. Good
switches,. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
JOS* GREVEN has- actually proven his ability
to cure every voice ruined' by bad habits or
poor singing methods and .develop It to the
greatest strength and beauty In a short time.
Murphy building. Market and Jones sts.
QUINONIA, a* perfect hair tonic: harmless,
beneficial, cleansing. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton at. • _ ■
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
LADIES' feet put in perfect order at home by
a skillful chiropodist; references. Address
61S Harrison st. ■ . __
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third Ft., nr. Market:- 200 room y
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $« per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and bads* buttons, made in
Par. Frnnrlsco it Eastern prices.' WAI/1
N. BRUNT. K3S Clay St.. P. F.
CAL. Institute. 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
6UIT to order on easy Installment*. I*
LEMOS. 1117 Market *t.. bet. 7th and ?tn.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NBU-
, HAUS * CO.. tailor*, lIS Keixny st. „
CLOAKS - and tailor-mad? milts retailed .at
wholesale figure!'. 20 Snnsome Ft.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm 86.
LODGING HOU.i£S FOR SALE.
A. KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st.
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent $ 250 |
9 rooms, best for the money $250 ;
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 $ SOU i
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 $ 375 .
17 rooms, partly offices, clears $70 .. $ 6*o ;
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000 j
30 rooms, 36 rooms; and 65 rooms, at reduced
prices. Money to loan.
$750— Don't" miss this; easily worth $1500; 21
rooms; clears $85 a month. KREDO & CO.
A $500—14 rooms; near City Hall: easily worth I
$800;. a snap._ KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st. '
$800—20 rooms: well worth $1600; clears $S5; $400 \
cash; don't n)iss It. KREDO & CO.
$1600—20 rooms; be«t sunny corner: ' rent re- I
duced; cleats $175. KREDO & CO.. 22%
Geary st.
100- ROOM corner, clears $500: only $6500 [
$800, only $800; corner 26 rooms „..■ 800 I
10 rooms on McAllister st 400 i
32 rooms, on Geary (new). 25C0 ,
15 rooms, on O'Farrell; $250 cash; price.. dot)
4 rooms and bath (flat). ;..... 230
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 3500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient).. 1300
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2500 |
10-room flat; fine corner; clears $50....:... 350
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
BARGAIN LIST. ;
15 rooms, corner, $300 ca5h..... ...:.......*.. $5"0
15 rooms, $200 cash, balance- payments 250
i 23 rooms, $500 cash; central: see 1t.... SOO
28 rooms, $2CO cash.' balance payments .'..' 400
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
NOTICE-STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny. St., buy
and sell lodging houses quick for cash.
$450— HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent $30; clears $60
month. STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st.
I A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE,
765 Mission St., between Third and Fourth,
San Francisco, with 94 rooms; all new beds;
on one floor; running full; has cheap rent
: and long ; lease, with privilege of renewing
I ' the same; on an Investment of $2000 for the
year 1887 eighty (SO) per cent per annum has
been realized over all expenses, which can- be
! proved, with even better prospects this year;
Is for sale on account of falling health and
old age of proprietor. Address as above or
Inquire on premises. ' -
FOR' PALE — A newly furnished flat: centrally
located. Apply box 1237, Call office. ..'
12 NICE furnished rooms cheap. ■ 840 Third
;gfreet.'^ - _____"■ V •". ;". . : '" r :
$150— House • of 10 rooms; steady roomers; rent ,
125. 619 Folsom st, • a '■'.""'"
LODGING-HOUSE. 22 nicely furnished rooms, j
in a suburban town, .40 minutes from city;
great bargain. Box 12. CrII office, Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, neatly fur-
nished. 432 Ellis st.
' CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402. Sutter; !
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth .st. ; tel. Jessie 944. - .
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister. JesEle 321.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning !
Works. 14,8 th St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201. I
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c a yard: ' tel. Mission 74.'
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126. _^^_^
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines,- 2d hand .machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale St.
SOLITAIRE diamond earrings, over. 4 karats,
marked in our window price, $420; price. will
be reduced to $380. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant > aye. ■ • * : "'■■■'
A YACHT 28 feet long, 11 feet beam with
everything complete. Apply at Lee's boat-
house. Long wharf, foot of Fourth st. :
YOUNG Holsteln milch cow, cheap. Southeast
corner Chestnut and Polk sts.
FRESH milch cow. Inquire at 720 Fourteenth
St.. between Church and Sanchez.
FRESH milch cows for sale cheap. Apply Rock
Ranch, near Sunnyslde.- ' -
THOROUGHBRED eggs for hatching; Black
Minorca and Barred Plymouth Rocks, $1 per
setting. 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda. ■
FOR Surgeon's- chair (Harvard) and
iralvano-faradlc battery: good as new. Room
7. Flood building. 809 Market st. ,
FIRST-CLASS cornet for sale. Call any even-
Ing before 8 o'clock at 207 O'Farrell st.
SIX full-blooded - St. Bernard dogs for sale;
suitable for Alaska.. 637 Chestnut st. : .
YOUNG double yellow-head Mexican parrot;
good talker. 2602 Sacramento st.
CARPENTER shop at 1464 Fulton St.; must be
sold before Ist of March. ■ . '
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof. $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old, $22;
AI Jamaica rum, $16 £5; extra quality port, I
'sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2 .
years old. $6 50; 4 year. $7 50: real 6 year, j
$8 50; genuine grape brandy. 100 proof, 3 year. j
$22- 5 . year. " $24 50: Zlnfandel ' claret, . $4 35; ;
Burgundy claret, $5 25:. no charge for cooper- !
age or drayage: It pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market St.. S. F.
BARS, ■ back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- |
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and j
' office' furniture and fixtures: new and ' sec- !
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 I
Mission St.. above Sixth.
6000 PAIR shoe lasts: also dealer In . second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.; mail orders J
promptly attended . to. : 646 Mission st. "
I AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. : - . ■
SAFES— New and second . hand : cheaper ■ than
ever. Hermann Safe Tax., 533 ' Sacramento. -
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, . belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. '*;'".
J R. POOL, house-mover.^ dealer second-hand
■' building material. 1122-36 ' Mission st. ■
SAFES — in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $19: : Records, ' J5 per doz. ;-
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press, I
. desk- and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. . : - » :. j
BARS, showcases, counters, " shelving, .: etc., I
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal* • cheap— Second-hand fireproof ■ safe,
at 42 Main st. - ■■-■-■-■- ■-— ■■■.-■ - ■ ■■•"-
ATTORNEYS AT ; LA V.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty;- private;
no fee without r ' success; •■ collections, wills,
probate. - Insolvency, deeds, damages, -. mort-
s gages, ■ copartnership, bllls-of-nale, ■-. patents,
' trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
j HOtYTS. att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters, insolvency, collections; : free
advice; open evenings. McCABE, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free; no i -charge unless successful.
I W. W. DAVIPSON. 987 Market it. ; , --«. - ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms; 1377 Harrison St.; rent $10;
also 4 rooms, 812 Jessie St., near Ninth; rent
$8 50; key at grocery.
DEVISADERO, 727- House, 7 rooms, bath; rent
$20; stable if desired.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable tor flor-
ist. 2725 Howard st. '
JULIAN aye., 117, near Sixteenth and Mis-
sion — 7-room house; latest Improvements, $15.
MODERN sunny house of 9 rooms; every im-
provement. 511 Devlsadero st.
TENTH, 321— Four large rooms: rent $S.
TO let— lf you want to rent a house, flat or
cottage in any part of the Mission call on
us. as we have 450 on our list; rents from $10
to $30. L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Va-
lencia st., near Sixteenth.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, between York and
Hampshire— 6 rooms; bath; large yard; $16.
$s H'THi:. ;, rooms, in fine or-Jer, like new.
_Jj_j>7_ Kearny St., near Greenwich.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
PART of 11 furnished house to rent. Inquire at
171.' Clay St., near Polk.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms In good order.
224>xi O' Farrell St. ; rent $12 CO.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and large basement;
rent 515 356 Fell St.
SUNNY cottage?, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard: cheap. 1576 15th ,st., nr. Dolores.
FLATS 1 0 LET.
AN offer for 5 days; one-half month free; flats
and cottages; $10 and up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN — ~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery st.
BAKER, 3CB, opposite Park Panhandle— B rooms
and bath; modern; rent $25.
CHURCH, 1317, near Twenty-fifth— Five sunny
rooms and bath; rent $12.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsom, near Sixth.
FRANKLIN, 202— Nice, sunny tenement 5
rooms, bath: modern improvements.
GEARY, I.M3— Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
adults; $17. Apply on premises.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 933— A new upper sunny
m.'dern flat, nix rooms and bath; $28.
GUERRERO, 1411. near Twenty-sixth— 6 rooms
and bath: $15.
HOWARD, 72S';.— A flat. of 5 rooms in good
order. Key at 728, upstairs.
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Upper flat. 3 rooms and hall; no children.
LANGTQN, 102, corner Folsom, near Seventh —
Three rooms and bath tub. $9 f,O.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds, jeweh-y;
low interest. X'NCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
MOSS. 30— Sunny upper flat; 0 rooms, bath;
newly papered; rent reduced; key cor. How-
ard, near Seventh. '
NICE flat to be rented cheap; 40^ Belcher st.,
near Market. Call at 1009 Howard st.
O'FARRELL, S23— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large >ard and kitchen.
SOUTH PARK, 107— Elegant sunny flat 7
j rooms: modem and new; rent reasonable.
BUNNY side flat 8 rooms: rent reasonable;
furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California St.
SUNNY upper flat of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; cheap to adults. Apply 1007 Oak St.,
near Scott. _^
WALLER, 312Vi— Upper flat of 4 rooms; bath
i and cellar.
' WEBSTER, 512— Flat of 5 sunny rooms; yard
and basement; no children.
I $10— Flat. 1123 Vallejo st., near Leavenworth; 4
i rooms; largo separate yard; cheap.
i $16 — NICE sunny comfortable flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 2134 O'Farrell st.
i $22 BO— FLAT, a rooms, bath. 127 Ash aye., bet.
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
1 FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove; closet; bath; pri-
vate, $10. ■-
, FIFTH, 32»— 2 sunny clean furnished "hoUse-
' keeping rooms, $12; also single room, -$5.
FOLSOM, 15SJ— Furnished rooms, (4 per month
and up.
GEARY. 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms: bath: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE, 1060—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HOWARD, T".'4 — 2 large, sunny rooms complete
! for housekeeping, *12; other rooms, $1 week.
HOWARD. 762— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also unfurnished; single $1 per week up.
[ HYDE, 230 — Two sunny furnished rooms com-
i plete for housekeeping; rent $15 per month.
' JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished front
i sunny large housekeeping rooms; $8 to $10;
single, $4.
MINNA, 548—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
I rooms.
MISSION, 563—2 nice housekeeping rooms
cheap.
1 MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NAT I iMA. SI, corner Second— Housekeeping
rooms; also single and double; $1 a week up.
NKW M< •NTGOMERY. 105— Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4
' POLK, 1602—3 nice, light rooms furnished for
housekeeping, $13 month; running water.
PROSPECT place, 123. between California and
Sacramento — 2 large front sunny furnished
rooms. $8 month; housekeeping if desired;
German family.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Double parlor and
. kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; house-
keeping.
SIXTEENTH, 2926— Large
regular klfhen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furnished, $11.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nico sunny rooms,
including bath.
STEINER. 1433— Lower floor three rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping.
THIRD, 143— Sunn*- housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front, first floor: bath, gas.
VALENCIA. 1171—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping or otherwise.
VALENCIA, corner Twenty-fourth— Bay-win- i
dow room; housekeeping; running water;
bath; range.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny front suite 3 or
more rooms: gas range; piano.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239— Newly furnished nunny rooms,
3 blocks from Palace; transient; reasonable!
BRANNAN, 422—2 sunny unfurnished roomsT
upstairs; rent $6.
BRYANT, 458 — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms, with bath; cheap.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice iiuites.
ELLIS, 816— Nicely furnished pleasant single
rooms; $6 per month: bath ami gas.
FOURTH, 27H— Nice clean suti:iv front rooms
1 50 a week up; new management.
FOURTH, 411— Sunny front room, $7 per month?
small housekeeping room, $5.
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents
$6 and $7.
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny furnished roomsT
$S up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished front room: also
single; gas and bath; In private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and I
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT AYE., 17— Sunny large suites; also
single rooms, $6; day, week or month.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 week:
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; tingle; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 728' i —A flat of 5 rooms; in good
order. Key upstairs.
HOWARD. 989— Doctor's office, furnished com- j
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up. !
JESSIE, t445, upstairs— Nicely furnished sunny'
front room; rent $5.
KEARNY, 229 (Charleston)— Cleanest, nicest
furnished suite and single rooms in city; rea-
sonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Sunny furnished single
room, $5 month; private family; gentlemen
only.
McALLISTER, 511— 56 a mo., nice sunny single
room; parlors $10 up: light housekeeping.
McALLISTER, 515— Nlcery furnished front
suite: $15 per month; hot and cold water.
. -ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINNA. '436— Large sunny, furnished front par-
--.. lor,-. $8; ; ■■- -'•:-::,-■ :•' ■■.-;■ -' : - --■■■.-/-
MINNA. 667. oorner Eighth— ..ewly furnished
■-> bay ; window room, $1 . a week. .' ." - .
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN, 321 - Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished^ day, week or month.
PINE. 1239— Nicely furnished front room. > $10
month; private ■ family; gentlemen ' preferred.
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and sir.glfv rooms: reasonable; transient.
,R. R. HOUSE, r 533 Commercial, near i Mont-
gmy— lOc, 15c, etc; coffee ap.d rolls free.
SEVENTH. Furnished suites * and single
r rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House.' 28 S Eighth ' St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Sunny furnished rooms, $6 and $7
per month. ■ ' .- ■ '■■"■'■: 'r . • .-4 ; ; -■ ;/ i"; ; ■'-
SIXTH, 23%— Nicely furnished sunny : : house-
keeping rooms: also single: reasonable. '
SEVENTH, Single front room nicely fur-
. nished. $1 per week. ;. - ■
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; 1 baths;
hot and cold water; : transient; elevator. ;■ ■:«..
STOCKTON. 611, near Splendid suite of
3 large furnished rooms; garden, bath. "- :' '
SITTER, 304— Nice sunny . furnished, rooms;
central ; reasonable; single or en suite. , , ; ». . V;-
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 600 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice for offices; reasonable:
SUTTER, 309— Changed hands; new furniture;
suites or single: transient; terms reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3853, corner Vicksburg— 4
sunny rooms; gas; bath: Twenty-second-
street car passes door; : rent" $10. '
BOARDING AND ROOMS
EDDY, 220— Sunny \ front * single' and ; double
rooms; first-class board, $3 SO.
FOLSOM. 511-Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $.' per week:, nice location.
POWELL, 502— Large sunny corner • room,
piano; single rooms. $20 up with board. ~
THE MONTROSE,' SE..- corner Van, Ness aye.
and Geary ft., will reopen March 15; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished.'- For
terms apply at. 808 Van Ness aye.. ; ■' .-.
CHILDREN- BOARDED. "
ENGLISH Widow would like 2 children,- to
board; furnished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
WANTED— or 2 children to board; good care;
terms low.. 1908 Sutter. St. ; •;: -  . : -; 
LOVING care, sunny home, enough to eat,' for
little ones; reasonable. 1330 Eddy st.
' ■ STORES jTO LET. '
CORNER grocery store; 3 rooms attached;
large brick basement. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.' '
MISSION, 2943— Store and three living rooms,
$10 per month. Apply upstairs.; j ... . .
SEVENTH. 46, opposite New Postoffice site-
Store, yard and stable; also flat of 4 sunny
rooms: rent moderate. ; .
• STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette ets.; cheap rent. > , . . ■" .--.. •'
TWENTY-SECOND. 3325— Store, three rooms
and hall: large yard; rent $15. .- -:,•-;■;
CHEAPEST and best In America — Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free, :'"":.' '
NICE store, living rooms. 825 Howard St.,
near Fourth; water free. -
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ' ■■' ■
FACTORIES TO LET. !'.-
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second and third floors; power available for
straw works, paper box, shirt factory.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO? -
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in ISSS, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the :
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and ■ will back it with
every dollar I have-. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as th» manufacturers also
back this -instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee. 1
The piano is the Kingsbury. •. . . «
The price is $225. j. .. - r
The address is :>;>". Hayes st. '
. The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
"ANY., person having i&e- for a olano need not
do without when good - Instruments can be
purchased . from : .us. -at cash ; prices upon
monthly payments of . $3. $;, $5, $6, $7, $8, - $0,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your ]
medium and low price pianos where. they can !
be exchanged for a Btelnway without sacri- j
fice. . SHERMAN.- . CLAY & CO.. Stein way
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Putter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KniILEH & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
; and all other musical Instruments of all ;
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- !
j est. Everything possible done to please and
- satisfy the customer.
A FINE line of- second-hand pianos offered
this .week at very low prices, Including
Steinways, dickering. Hallett & Davis,
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO..' 933 Market st. . - •
A GOOD piano, $85: one for $123; Chickering,
Weber, ' Mathushek and others; pianos for
rent., .BEN J. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
COLBY pianos are. the best for the money in
the market; highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves.- 933 Market st.
! SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
' Brlggs and other pianos: pee our rent plan;
I no Interest first year. 30S, 310. 312 Post st. •
' ADMINISTRATOR'S sale-Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
AT MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st., you will find
pianos from $50 to $230 in second-hand; new
pianos for cash or on payments. ;-**;'>', *;„ v
DURABLE 'upright piano, action " perfect,
for sale on Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
' BARGAIN— Good Steinway piano in 'first-class
| . condition, only $100. 208 Post ?t. ■*
; $125— upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next Hlbernla ' Bank. •- SCHMITZ.
I AGENCY Halnes^ Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
| KNABE pianos: new scale; new •■ styles.
KOHLER i CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. ■ 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine, 138 Ellis.
139 HAVES Branch of flee of The ■ Call.
Subscriptions wnd ndß taken. " ' "
■ ; ";.,,-'■■ TEAS. . . •''■;
" , '■-', '•■ ■: . TEAS, \ .-' ■■■,-■.,'■"--■'■'■
. M. 25, 80, g^^^PW Pound. ; ;
• 10, 15. 20, " 25, 3R, 40 per pound. ' •
SPICES, ■ • ,-L.- >■":?
10, 15, 20. 25. 40 per can. v ' '. >'
RUNNING ENABLES US TO
1 WE GIVE FREE . . -
. " . . PRETTY DISHES. -.
GOLD WATCHES. -■ '• '
BICYCLES,- ■ •
MUSIC BOXES, ■ .
■'■'■ " ATR RIFLES • "- ' '.'■■■■ ■■'■',' -i
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
\ . Stores Everywhere. . ::, t , ■■-■
LEGAL NOTICES. •
DEPARTMENT No. 10, < Probate— In the Su-
perior Court in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State' of California— ln the
matter of - the ; estate of . JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased. ,:.' ■•■'•■-'." '
Notice Is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D.. 1898,. at 10
o'clock a. m. of said day, and the courtroom
of Department • No. ; 10, of said ■ court, lat the
> New City . Hall, ■in - the City and t County rof
San Francisco. State of California, have
been ■ appointed as ■■ the time * and ■ place -- for
proving the will of said JACOB C. JOHN-
- SON, deceased, and for hearing the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for the Issuance
"to. her of letters testamentary. , ■; ;. s .-■;.--?
Dated February 11, A. D; IS9B. • ' ; * >'" •
• CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
(Seal) By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk./
J. A. STEPHENS, Attorney 1 for • Petitioner.
Room 503, Claus Spreckels building. .
* . 4 » - ; r CQ . ARTNERSHIP ". NOTICES. I [:'".-
DISSOLUTION^ OF " CO-PARTNE USHIP— The
co-partnership ■■ heretofore -' existing * between
the undersigned lat I the City' and : County of
San Francisco, under the firm, -. name * and
■style of PORTER. SLEBSINGER & CO., is
>. dissolved ?by ' mutual , consent. - GEORGE K.
. PORTER will sign in liquidation of the
affairs of the old co-partnershop. -•- >■-••■
■ ; - - .va;:^ GEORGE K. PORTER.
■;-.-', - , -;■ - : JOSEPH KAHN. .
'.'- • ■":•--'••.■". ■' L. SLESSINGER.T : -" V- ■
' Dated. San Francisco, January, 27, 1898.
-.--. ^'T .; - ■ . t -- r : *■;* ■.■.*' ■ ■ -.'- ■■ - - ".'- '; j
CITY aIEAL ESTATE.
$4250—414 BUCHANAN St., near Oak; rents
$420 ■-. per, annum; elegant modern 2-story
; frame, 9 { rooms ' and bath ; lot 38 feet front ;
- street work done. - ■ ■;.-.' >; . : .
$900 will buy 138x100: corner 16th. aye. and
/;U st., and 132x100, 23d aye., near O st.,;
Outside Lands. :,•; •' *, . -.
,;■-- $500—50x120; 24th aye., west side, near A st.,
Richmond District. < ■- ". -' •
$350—25x100; S. side A St., 32:6 W 21st aye.,
Richmond • District. .: ■ •
$200—150x100; cor. A st. south and Sth
aye. south. Hunters Point.. ■ • ■ ■■
. $125— 100x120 ;,E. side of Princeton St., bet.
Dwight and . Olmstead, University Mound
Tract. m . - -..-' •-.■■.'.-■.-■•.- ■- .. .--■■-
CHAP. C. FISHER, 624 Market st., up-
; _ stairs; entrance Bovee, Toy & Sonntag.* . '
5 LOTS near Seventeenth and Market. $350 to
$600, payments; 2 lots near Ocean 1 View, 25x
.125,. $250 each; 2 lots, sunny : side Joost aye.
(corner), $600. . H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
NEW house, 7 rs.,_ bath; easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. . ' :
COUNTRY *tEAL ESTATE.
SW^E^fynRANCHr^ ~
near REDWOOD CITY, san MATEO
COUNTY. •
We will subdivide the celebrated -ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny >in tracts of 100
acres or - leas; rich soil for : fruit, grain and
vegetables; plenty of : water: this property
immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only
one hour's ride from San. Francisco; suitable
for small home. farms; prices below all former-
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDIUjGE & CO.,
' 638 Market st., San Francisco.
.. . Or our branch office at Redwood City.
• MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.'
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have. a. few choice sub-
divisions of 10 to 20 acres each in the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we "offer . at ex-
tremely low prices and -. on » very easy terms;
small cash payment; balance monthly; one
and a half miles from Mountain View : station.
Apply for full particulars to • ■ ■-- i<:^
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco. '
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON,
, ' ; 7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose. •
MILL VALLEY— sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished: very reasonable; lot 50x150. Ad-
■•• dress box 884, Call Office. . ,;■ ' •
LITTLE homes close to .town; improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces- on- 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market st.. 6. F.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta County, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. - postage
free. ■ • ■ . -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold to close. an estate: lot . 123x270,
near station; two frontages; street work done
on one frontage; I want an offer. JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate,: Berkeley Station.. '
HOUSE of 8 rooms to' let,' furnished: modern'
. Improvements ; large, ; pleasant . grounds ; - also
one new surrey and- phaeton for sale; also
hand printing press and type; Box 1210, Call.
. PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 LARGE lots in Minnetonka Center, near
-Minneapolis. Minn. ;• will exchange for busi-
ness or property: $2000. Call or. address N.
KNUDSON. 136 Parker aye.; San Francisco.
120-ACRE ranch, 6-room house, clear Berkeley
property;' country, hotel for ranch. $4500;
500 other places. H. C. DECKER. 102? Market.
MONEY TO LOAN. ' .. . '
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estates
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests,- real estate In probate,-- life insurance,
goods in warehouse, .furniture ; and pianos
, without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought;: no delay. R. ■ McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery, room S. , ■ .. ,-. ■ ~. ,- . . -,
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: ■ no • delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. . .
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, -house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no.com. .R. 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,-
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to/ ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the ■ lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204. v ...
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
■ moral :*-lt»w v rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary- at. - ".-
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos -without removal: any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 328 Montgomery, st. :
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st. ,_ upstairs;, strictly ' private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1869.
ANY' sum: furniture, pianos, estates In pro-
bate. HILL & CO.. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $."0,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and ; 2d ' mort-
gages, ■ estates.' etc. MURPHY. 628 Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private.' 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. Most reliable place' to borrow
money: diamonds and- Jewelry. . ■ -.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. : ./ , ■ •
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest,
rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgome*" st.
MEDICAL. V .
ALL- Ladles— only Dr." and Mrs. . M. - Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
" 60 years' practice ;' safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace'
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; : babies ; adopted; l travelers " treated ; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, , 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2. c
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
| from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at . any time; kind : sympathy and
aid instant relief for travelers ;;• tumors re-
moved 'by electricity; home n confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor/, free, before going else-
where: regulating . pills and-- capsules, $1. :
MRS DR. WYETH, 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
A PROCESS that 1 never falls to restore every
case of monthly ; sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed; 'no Instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free; terms reasonable; first-class pri-
-vat*' home for confinement. . MRS. DR. DA-
-. LET, 1126 Market - St., : over Owl Drugstore.:
A - SURE, safe and - speedy cure for all • female
diseases; • a home in confinement, • with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
: venience of a hospital; those sick or. discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
'they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
i ~'> DR. GWYER, 228 Turk st. ' ; • ; .
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments: 1 every woman her own ■ physi-
cian for all female : troubles, no. matter from
what cause: restore -in - 1 : day; never . falls;
consultation free; can .- be ' sent and used at
home. ■■ DR. . POPPER, 318 Kearny: orders by
telephone..:.. ,- : . . ."".-■'■■■
A TREATMENT that restores . Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5; consult .free; hours 10 to 5. . DR.
. ; AND MRS. « KOHL, . 1118 Market st. ' : :
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; .. ladies;*
•safe -quick -cur? guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home; best care;, skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. *5. 401 Van Ness.
LADlES,. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
■ (Diamond Brand) best; sate, : reliable: take
no other: ' eend 4c stamps •; for * particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mall; at
' druggists. Chlchester - Chemical : Co., i Phlla. : :/
A BOON to wives and mothers — price
$1 60 RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
• Sc • stamp for particulars to Seguro ; Manu-
f acturing Co.; 531 X St., - Bacramento,' Cal. : ; '
ALPEAU*S French pills," a boon to. ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. . O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
■RAD leg* ' made ; good; all swollen *or : ulcer-
ated limbs quickly - cured. - DR. - MYERS.
% Stockton. Cal.: -treatment ■by mall. •' r-<y.. .
CAPSULETAS— Preventive ; . sure: * harmless:
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
,i SON, 1223 Geary; st. ' : .: "-y "■- '•' y *■■
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children. '..:, -..". '-'.' : y :■::'-:
VALUABLE i medical- receipt I for sale;- married
ladles Investigate. :• Box 1187. ; Call ■ office. ' ■> '
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. ! Puetz; I Infallible, - safe rem-
. edies; 38 years' experience : _254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda. ... :
DRS 'K. ■ & K. cure '' chronic, ' nervous, c blood,
.skin or private dls. .ses. c 8 Mason Bt.. B. F. .
11 WEEK Large sunny furnished room, bath;
" closet: private. 814 Fifth st. -^ -? ■-> ,-
~- .;:.;.■•.; SKWINQ MACHINES. ;., ; ■;...;/
ALL I kinds : bought, sold, exchanged, "* - rented; t
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t."Yv-.:>-r
". _" ,. c; "-'-/'--' ■-•*►. *i-'':i ■'*■"."'■ -' -■'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
; ; OAKLAND ; REAL ESTATE; '•}
ADAMS. COINT;" PROPERTY ' : -~ *. ?
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY ,' ■ ■
ADAMS ' POINT ;. PROPERTY ~\ :.'-..: .'-..
ADAMS POINT j PROPERTY ■ ■" . '."* ' ■ '. ' \ '
: , V THE VERY 'BEST
• THE VERY BEST
, ' THE VERY BEST
•' THE VERY BEST
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS ;'■. IN OAKLAND. . - i i
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE ! : LOTS ''IN OAKLAND. .. V
The : model - subdivision of - all residence dis-
tricts; streets macadamized, sewered, cement
sidewalks; sidewalk - trees | consist of lemons,
olives, palms, acacias, etc. ; only j 10 . minutes
to City Hall. : . .-- - ■-
Finest views of Lake Merrltt, foothills, etc.,
to be had in Oakland. Prices and terms : will
be made to suit the first purchasers. . -.- <■,
Call at office and be driven to the property.
>;- > LAKE SHORE LAND CO. . .-
S A. H. BREED, Manager,
• . . 1070 Broadway, : Oakland.'.
$75 WILL buy a lot worth $150; $5 cash, $5
monthly; Allendale Settlement. East Oak-
land, and now covered with.' homes and
bulding up rapidly; build your home or we
will build It for you; payment as rent; all :
streets graded; some macadamized; 3 elec-
trlc-^r lines and fine school; view, climate
and Boil the best; call or send for circular,
459 Ninth St., bet. Washington and Broad-
, way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner. : - - ' .- • .
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. ■ : ~^~~-
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland; m stories, 6 rooms, and also serv-
ant's room, bathroom, large 'reception hall; 2
chimueys, Monarch patent grates in parlor and
dining-room; 5 large closets and fine pantry:
back stairs from kitchen; iron' porcelain-lined
roll-rim bathtub; plumbing- nickel plated; ce-
ment steps and walk; front chimney is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty: this property
is In good neighborhood and within six min-
utes', walk of station; price $3800, complete;
terms can be arranged. Call for further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED. , Manager, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL piece of property for sale near
Lake. Merrltt and boulevard, in Oakland: 100
x 135; price $2000; owner wants to go to Alas-
ka. Address or call P. STOLE, care of
Schleslnger-& Bender. 104 Clay. St., S. F.
OAKLAND ROOMS. \ V
$16— 8-ROOM house to let. with all improve-
ments. 1251 Monroe St., East Oakland.
$B— 4-ROOM house; no bath; large yard. ,527
Park aye.,' East Oakland. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
ala9ieda real ESTATE.
BARGAINS. IN, ALAMErA HOMES.
FINE ■- two-story house on Broadway: lot • 50x •
140: price $2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista aye.; lot 50x150; price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye. : lot
50x302: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
baspm^nt. on Taylor aye.; lot. 50x140; price
$2650. .
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.; lot
33x100; price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
Santa Clara aye.; lot 35X110; price $2650. For
investment— A fine corner, • fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500: worth $14,000; half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at-15C3 Webster st., Alameda
next to drugstore. ■ A. R. DENKE Sr.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~ ~
;- : - FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED. '-^
JUST i,IKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. -$1700. $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market • for . non-payment
of installments; and- they, are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions... ■ ■ ■ , '
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL; ■
Bay st. station. Alameda. and 628 Market St..
San Francisco.' Open Sundays and holidays.
WILL sacrifice a modern new house; email
payment,' balance monthly; . going to Klon- '
dike: must and will sell. Box 1215. Call office.
. ALAMEDA ROOMS. .
$25— CHESTNUT, 1313, * one block • from station
— Furnished lower flat. 5 rooms.: • ,
FRI'ITVALE REAL /ESTATE.
A BEAUTY— artistic corner,
complete home; $250 cash and $25 per month
buys it. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market
St., S. F. , D. PRATT,- Frultvale station.
MARRIAGE . LICENSES.
The following marriage . licenses were issued
by the County Clerk's office yesterday: ~
J. E. ; Bond Jr. end Louise B. Edwards, 2l—2o.
J. B. ' McDermott and Josle Connors, 22—21
George P. Glleck and Ellen King. 21—18. '
, Fredolf Forsberg and Cllie Johnsen, 28— 28. -•
J. H. Allen and Georgia A. McHarvey,23— 2l.
Frank Rogues and Marceline Money, 25—26.
John J. Nebel and Annie Ordway, — 40
H. A. > Llll and Annie M. Planze, 26-25:
H. M. - Glynn and Elizabeth Skilllcorn,23—
A. D. McLean and Lucia K. Crosett,' 30—21
Al Mitchell and. Maggie . Callaghan, 26—24.
D. .P. Murphy and Lillian . Katz, 23 — 22. ,
. F. Belasco and ; Sarah J. ■ Lewis, 33—20.
Charles Gribble and Lulu 1 Griffith, 28—23.
J. Grollmund and Catharine Spieser, 3*) — ■
~BIRTHS^ARRIA6ES^Air
} Birth, marriage and i death notices sent by
.mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either' of the publication offices
and -be, indorsed with, the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ;- •-.'■------ .•■.. .
BORN.
ANGLIM— In ; Napa, " February 14. 1898, to the
'-. wife of ; John ; Angllm, a son. ■r. '.
BADLAM— this city. February 15, 1898, to
the wife of E. B. Badlam, a daughter.
BRUN— In this city, February 12, 1898, to the
■' wife : of • Dr. . Louis E. ■ Brun, • a daughter
CLEVELAND— In Biggs, February 14, IS9S, to
: : the wife of : Mayo . Cleveland, a ■ daughter.
HARRINGTON— In- this city, s: February 15
1598,;t0 the wife of E.H. Harrington, a son.
MANSON— In this city, February 8, 1898 to
the wife. of Dr. Josef I. Manson, a son. -i
SLATER— In this city, February 21, 1898 to
the wife of F. M. Slater, a son.
MARRIED." •■'.,■. ~~
LEDERER— In this city, Febru-
: ary 20, 1898. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Louis
Barnett and Carrie Lederer.
CUNNINGHAM-URQUHART-In this city
- February 10. -189.8, -by; the Rev. Charles A
Ramm. Philip J. Cunningham of San Fran-
cisco and . Margaret •L. Urquhart of Berke-
ley, Cal.- V :: 'V'-V, -..:•,- ■■ .:'.- .
HARMS— SAUPE— In this city. February 20
IS9S. .by. the Rev. J. Fuendellng F Her'
mann L. Harms and Martha E. F. SauDe of
Alameda. ;. ■•"-',
RAWE-LAFRENZ-In this city. February 19
1898, by the Rev. J. ; Fuendeling, Otto Rawe
and Katie ; Lafrenz. . - ■ .- :
.•"■. •"■ .. . DIED. ■/,■ ■ ,
Arnold. Caleb r.'^' ..Glllesple, Mary ;
Arendt, Otto ' ;.',;. Goodwin. Wyonette
' Briese, Robert '".' Husteden. Amelia
Burns, Alexander M. Llguori, Mary A. - "•
Qarke, . Kate ■ V, McNear, Capt. C. E.
Cook. Annie L. ■.-..-" McGee. Edward
Canavan. Emma , Marshall. . John
Crepin, Mary C. - ■ . ■ Owold, Catherine
Cockroft, Doris »^ O'Connor, Thomas
Dorgan, William . Rizzlnl, Ecole
: Dlekenson, Alice ■■ Shea, . Leo W.
Devoto, Joseph. - . .: Sco Me,' John •
' De Haven,- Eliza' G. ' Theobald. James W.
Eichholz. Otto - '..Nsc; Williams, Lewis E.
. Geldert, Margaret A.Ci Williams, Catherine v
Walkmeister, Paul :
ARNOLD— In this city, February 20, 1898, Ca-
: leb, beloved father of H. B. and W. ,- G '
Arnold, a native of Providence, -R. • 1., aged
69 years 3 • months ; and 14 > days. (Providence
R. 1., papers please; copy).
IC?"FrtendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited <to attend . the .uneral i this day
(Tuesday), at 2 ' o'clock, from the parlors ,of
H. C. Bunker :&-- Co., 2666 Mission ■ street
(Mission . Masonic >- Temple). Interment Cy-
press Lawn . Cemetery :by - electric » car from i
i 'i Thirtieth i street ■ and San Jose avenue.. -- i- =^,-
ARENDT— In | this city, February 21. IS9B, Otto
Arendt, a native. of Germany, aged S5 years. i
, BRIESE— In this city, February 18, : 1898, Rob-
ert Briese, a native of Netzthal, Posen, -Ger-
many, aged 38 : years. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. 6, Order of H. S. ; -, . ■ - ■-
/■ tC7"Friends#and , acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited .to ; attend , the . funeral - this day
(Tuesday), at ■ 2 o'clock, from Alcazar build-
, Ing.: 120 ; O'Farrell - street, where the funeral
- services will ;be held under ■ the auspjees of
Court Hubertuls No. 15, JF. of A. Remains at
the parlors of Theodor Dierka, 957 ; Mission
street, between Fifth' and Sixth. Interment
», Laurel : Hill Cemetery. '•«. :;?;> ::. ?:■' ,» ; ~ ; ■ • .:
BURNS— In this city, February 20, 1898, Alex-
ander M., son of. Margaret Burns, and broth-
■er of Mrs. Otis Seavey, aged 28 years. ; „ » s
-.- ' ■ ICTFrlends ' are ; respectfully . invited to at-
..- tend •; the funeral >; services this ". day ;* (Tues- j
day), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. 519 .
O'Farrell street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CLARKE— In this city, February 20, 1898,
Kate, beloved wife of James Clarke, and
sister of Thomas, James and Patrick Mad-
den, Mrs. Patrick Geary and Mrs. Abra-
ham Healey, a native of Kinvara, County
Galway, Ireland, aped 29 years.
(E?rFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Tuesday), at B:.'«> o'clock, from her late
residence, 435 Tehama street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, Fremont and Harrison
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, February 20, IS9S. Annie
Laura beloved wife of Charles M. Cook, a
native of Avon, Mass., aged 44 year* 4
months and S days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1065,-2 Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, for services, commencing
ot 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CANAVAN— In this city. February 20, 1593,
Emma, beloved wife of Thomas J. Cana-
van, mother of Frank Canavan. daughter of
Mrs. Catherine Cronen and the late James
Cronen. and sister of Mrs. Annie Hebrank
and Nellie. Lillie, James and William Cro-
nen, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 2 months.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the -uneral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 815 Harrison street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan street,
between Third and Fourth, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CREPIN— In this city. February 21, 189 S. Mary
Cecilia, beloved v,i!e of Dr. E. A. Crepin,.
and mother of Mary Emilie and Louise Ce-
cilia Crepin. a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,
aged 52 years and 12 days. (Philadelphia pa-,
per* please copy). •
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, TO5 Ashbury Street, near Waller,
thence to St. Agnes Church, Masonic ave-
nue and Page street, for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric fu.
neraJ car.
COCKROFT— In Oakland. 'February 21. 1898,
Doris, daughter of Gertrude A. and the 'lat«
Irving J. R. Cockroft. a native of Oakland,
aged 5 year 3 2 months and 23 days.
DORGAN— In this city. February If. 1898. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Dorgan, father of George P.. Thomas J.
Dorgan and Mrs. W. F. Laumeister. and
brother of Mrs. P. O'Connor, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(CT'Frie.nd-* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 315 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DICKENSON— In this city. February 21, 1898,
Alice Dlekenson, a native of New York,
aged 63 years.
tCT Funeral and Interment private.
DEVOTO— In this city, February 21, IR9S, Jo-
seph, dearly beloved brother of David De-
voto and Mrs. T. Cuneo, a native of Sail
Francisco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of the Garibaldi Mutual Aid Society.
423 Broadway. Remains at undertaking par-
lors of Valente. Martnl & Co.. 1524 Stocktoa
street.
DE HAVEN— In Mountain View, Cal.. Febru-
ary 19, 1888, Eliza Gates, wife of Rhodes De
Haven, and mother of Lucy G. De Haven.
EICHHOLZ— In this city, February 20. 1898.
Otto beloved son of William and Marie
Eichholz. and brother of Henry and Ger-
trude Eichholz and Mrs. Millie Spilken, a
native of Bochum, Westphalia, Germany,
aged 27 years and ?.3 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the pal-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 907 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GELDERT— In this city. February 19, 1898,
Margaret A., beloved wife of v» alter L. H.
Geld^rt. mother of Walter L. H. Geldert.
daughter of Mrs. James Petrie. and sister of
Thomas. James and Charles Petrie and Mrs.
J R Lamont. a native of Vallejo, Cal.,
aged 28 years 1 month and 22 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1220 Buchanan street, between TutK
and Eddy. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
GILLESPIE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. February 21. 1898, Mary Gillespie, a na-
tive of California, aged 29 years.
I GOODWIN— In this city, February 21, 1898.
Wvonette beloved wife of Henry Goodwin.
a "native of Ohio, aged 44 years 5 months
and 1 day.
HUSTEDEN— In this city, February 21, 1898.
Amelia, belcved wife of G. W. Husteden. a
native of Cape Town. Africa, aged 36 years
11 months and 18 days.
LIGUORI— At Agnews station, February 20,
1898 Mary Alice, beloved daughter of John
and Amelia Liguori, a native of Alameda.
aged 2 years 10 months and 6 days.
(ETThe funeral will take place this
(Tuesday) morning from the late residence
at Agnews station on the arrival of the 9:07
train. Interment at Haywards.
McNEAR— In this city, February 20. 1898, Cap-
tain Christopher Ersklne. beloved husband of
Sarah E McNear. and father of Lucy C. and
the late Frank E. McNear. a native of Wis-
casset, Me., aged 82 years 7 months and 26
days. <Boston papers please copy).
[[T'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at hia
late residence, 225 Oak street. Interment
Peta'.uma Cemetery.
M<?GEE— In West Berkeley. February 20, IS9B,
Edward beloved husband of Annie McGee,
and father of Edward and William McGee.
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 35 years 2
months and 25 days.
- |C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:SO o'clock, from his late
residence, Fifth street, near Rose. West
Berkeley, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary s
Cemetery, Oakland.
MARSHALL— In Oakland, February 21. 1898,
John father of Robert, Henry, William.
George and Margaret Jane Marshall, Mrs.
A G. Fraser and Mra. Peter E. Linster. a
native of Pictou, Nova Scotia, aged 84 years
1 month and 20 days.
OWOLD— In West Berkeley. February 19. 1898.
Catherine, wife of the late James Owold,
and sister of Frank and Henry Gimbel, a
native nf Germany, aged 52 years 8 months
and 12 days. (Petaluma papers please copy).
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of F Gimbel, 1447 Seventh street. West.
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ce'me-
O'CONNOR-In San Rafael, February 21. 1898,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Nellie
O'Connor, a native of Cleveland. Ohio, aged
31 years 8 months and 13 days. (Cleveland.
Ohio, papers please copy).
CT-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 9 30 o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy
& Co 1235 Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery -
RIZZINI-In Jackson Gate, February 12, 189S,
Ecole Rizzini, a native of Italy, aged 55.
SHEA— In Lamanda Park, February 19, 1898.
Leo W., beloved husband of Kate Shea, son
of James and Annie Shea, and son-in-law of
Robert Mitchell, a native of San Francisco.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1112 McAllister street, thence to
Holy Cross Church. Eddy and Scott streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
SCOBIE-In Blackfold, Perthshire, Scotland
February 19, 1898, John Scobie, aged 88
years, father of James Scobie, railway con-
tractor, San Francisco.
THFOBALD— In this city, February 21. 1898,
James W , beloved son of Ellen Theobald,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
3 months.
WILLIAMS— In this city, Lewis E. Williams,
a native of California, aged 30 years and 11
months.
dirFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the Hotel
Sutherland, corner of Sutter and Jones
streets. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, February 21, 1898.
Catherine Letitla Williams, beloved daugh-
ter of James W. and the late Catherine Col-
lins and sister of Mrs. J. F. Stellmann and
John and Charles Collins, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 21
a tCT Remains at the residence of Mrs. J. F.
Stellmann, 34% Kissling street.
WALKMEISTER— In Sutter Creek, February
16, IS9S, Paul Walkmeister, aged about 60
years.
Y. M. I.— lgnatian Council No. 35, Y. M. I,:
The annual requiem mass for our deceased
brother mombers will be celebrated In St.
Mary's Church (Paulists) this day (Tues-
day) beginning at 10 o'clock. All members of
the order and friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend. J. J. O'TOOLE. Pres.
C. L. EBNER. Sec.
T"""^Tavoy'& b callagher,
i funeral directors & embalmer3
I 20 lIITH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School.
J Telephone, South 80.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St.. B*a
Francisco. Telephone So. liS.
1516
EXAMINER DESECRATES CRAVES OF MARTYRED HEROES
Calmly Robs tie Widows and Orphans of Bead Firemen of Charity Funds and Seizes a National
Calamity as an Occasion to Advertise the Alleged Patriotism of Hearst.
The Superior Court has been
called upon l>> the infant son
ot'a bra-re fireman who died at
his post of duty to compel the
San Francisco Examiner to
disgorge funds which it col
lected for him.
The funds were obtained
from the public under the false
and fraudulent representation
that they would be siren to the
families of the dead firemen
-without delay.
Ilislu months have passed
since the agents of W. K.
Hearst collected S7OOO, but the
w idows and the fatherless have
not seen si cent of the money
which the deluded contribu
tors pave to the newspsi per con
fidence tuen on Hission street.
"Weary of poverty and dls
conrujred after fruitless ap
peals for even a part of the
fluids sog-eiieroii*lj- donated by
the .sympathetic public, the
principal mifiVrrr haw conclud
ed to inuke a test suit, The
newspaper sliell-eranie artists
will l»e compelled to explain
their shameful conduct in n
court justice.
Thomas E. Hallinan, infant son of
Timothy Hallinan, the heroic fireman
■who perished at his post of duty on
June 6, has sued W. R. Hearst for
$23r:3 33, being funds collected by the
yellow journal on Mission street from
the public, as the Examiner stated, "to
aid the families of the three brave men
who suffered death to perform their
duty."
The money was donated under the
statement of the paper that the family
was in pressing need of funds.
The sum asked for by the minor, on
complaint of Edward J. Linder, his
guardian, is what would be his share
of the 17000 donated by the public for
the instant relief of the families of
John Moboly, Timothy Hallinan and
Frank Keller, all of whom died at their
posts.
If the infant now fighting the news
paper millionaire should win his suit
a large part of the money contributed
by the public in good faith, under the
belief that the Examiner would be
honest and prompt in disbursing the
charity fund, will have to go to the
attorneys who have charge of the suit.
Immediately after the fire the news- \
paper which makes haste to advertise !
Itself by shedding crocodile tears and i
sending subscription agents to the j
grave of every person that dies under j
pathetic circumstances, appealed to
the public in a hurrah way for imme
diate contributions to save the be
reaved families of the dead from destl •
tution and to pay funeral expenses of
the dead.
After eight months of quibbling the
unfortunate widow of Tim Hallinan
has been obliged to have a guardian
appointed for her babe, so he can lay
claim to his share of a fund that the
misguided public expected would reach
the sufferers soon after it went to the
coffers of the Mission street boodler.
In the fables that children read there
is a story of a selfish monkey that was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in.
etantly relieved by a warm bath with Crrri-
cuea Soaf, a single application of CcncnKA
(ointment >, the great skin cure, and a full do»«
of Cdticlka Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers aucl humor cures, when all else fails.
If MM ■hrcughip'H tbe vorM. ?nrm Dxro a»o Chbm.
Cone, Prop... Boston. " How to Cure Salt Rheum, ' free.
FALLING HAIR
appealed to in a case where two cats
quarreled about a piece of cheese. The
monkey settled the case by eating the
cheese.
The gross failure of the yellow jour
nal on Mission street to fulfill the let
ter and the spirit of the trust imposed
upon it by the sympathetic public is a
striking illustration of the folly of en
trusting affairs of grave importance to
a dishonest monkey. The result in the
case of the unfortunate firemen who
perished at their posts last June illus
trates how justice may go astray when
matters of charity are left to time
servers and tricksters rather than to
honest persons of sober business judg
ment. Again the Examiner has bun
koed the public and defrauded the
weak and the defenseless.
Believing that the money donated
would go to the immediate relief of the
families of the firemen who perished,
the impulsive public gave the Exami-
Burning cf the Standard liscuit Company's Factory. Beneath Its Crumbling Walls Timothy Hallinan
Met His Death* Leaving i ehind Him an Aged Mother and a Son of Tender Years Who Hays
Been Deprived of Their Rights by the Examiner's Wrongs.
ncr the sum of $7000. Not one person
in the entire number of the contribu
tors thought for one moment that the
donations were to be withheld in so
! shameful a manner from those for
whom the money was intended. The
question now uppermost in the minds
cf the contributors is how the coin has
| been used by the newspaper. How
{ much of the voluntary donation has
j been retained by the fakers as com
i mission, and how large a sinking fund
i have the yellow Journal's agents re
( talned to cover exorbitmt advertising
! bills, as was the case when baseball
i funds were Juggled by the same unholy
; tribe?
Beginning on June 7 the Examiner
printed hysterical appeals rfor aid. In
its issue of June 8, preceding the list
of contributions for the families of the
deceased, the following spurring re
quest was made:
•* Appeal if* made to all who
honor heroic deed* to Join in
frvrelfin? thin fund, which -will
s«ffor«l timely aid to the
widowed and tbe fatherle«»."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBKUARY 22, 1898.
In the spirit of the old-fashioned ex
horter the appeal closed by asking,
"Who will be next?" In the light of
the present pathetic appeal of an infant
in distress it will probably be a long
time before the bunkoed public will
again trust its purse with a dealer in
gold bricks.
So it has come, after long months of
patience and privation, that the suf
ferers left by men who died like heroes
are In a worse condition than if the
Examiner had never polluted the coin
which willing hands would have
given to the distressed without delay.
Why did the newspaper appoint itself
trustee for the public and cling to the
funds with the tenacity of a boodler?
This question will have to be an
swered In court.
Why did not the pretended philan
thropist deliver the people's money to
the sufferers without a day's delay?
That is another question which the
court will have to decide.
It is the opinion of Attorney McKen
na, who represents some of the other
defrauded sufferers, whose names ap
pear technically as defendants, that
the Examiner has grossly abused the
confidence of the public and shame
fully destroyed the purposes of the
gift.
When the Examiner induced the
public to surrender its money under
the representation that the entire
amount was for the immediate necessi
ties of the dead firemen's families it
became bound by the implied condi
tions of the trust, the terms of which
cannot be changed to the prejudice of
the beneficiaries. This is the reason
that there is nothing for the sufferers
to do but expose the bogus philan
thropist in court and show its shame
ful conduct to the world.
The mother of Edwin Hallinan, the
son of the deceased fireman, was seen
at her home on Eddy street
last evening. She stated that she had
done everything possible to obtain the
money donated by the people to the
Examiner for the families of the de
ceased firemen, but with no avail.
"I do not want a nickel of it myself,"
she said, "but I think that the money
should be paid over to my son now, and
not be put in trust until he reaches the
age of 21. I believe in sending him to
college now, as an education will be
valuable to him in after years. If he
knows that he is to fall in for a sum
of money when he reaches man's es
tate it may cause him a great deal of
harm. Then again if the money Is
placed in trust he may die and the
money will be given to the Fire De
partment. As long as neither the Ex
aminer nor the Fire Department
donated the money to my boy, but
the people, in their kindness of heart,
did. I think that he is rightfully en
titled to it. My brother has gone under
bonds to act as his guardian. He is of
the same opinion that the money
should be paid over now, as it can be
used to advantage. If we have to lose
every cent in trying to recover the
money given by the people we d6n't
care, for we will have the satisfaction
of knowing why the Examiner with
holds it."
Thomas E. Halllnan, although a boy
of tender years, remained from his bed
late last nightand brooded in his childish
way over the strange chapter that had
come into his life since the death of his
father beneath the crumbling walls of
the Standard Biscuit Company's fac
tory.
Knowing last night that the courts
had been called upon to give him his
rights, but not knowing the great pres
sure that would be brought to bear
against him to prevent him from gain
ing them, he immediately assumed that
in a few days wealth would be his and
many of his chfldish wishes would be
answered.
"I want the money to go to college,"
he said. "I don't want some one else to
keep it until I get older, because it will
do me more good now. If I get it I will
have my father's grave fixed up, as I
don't like to go out there now and look
upon it, as it looks so lonesome and
deserted. Father used to care for me
so much when he was living, and I care
so much for him that it makes me feel
strange, and I cry when his grave looks
like no one cared to remember him
now that he is dead. When he was
alive I used to visit him at the engine
house once a week and spend the day
with him. and now I miss him so much.
I hope to get the money my mamma
says belongs to me, as I want to fix up
father's grave and go to school that I
may be a smart man." Such is the
story of a child left fatherless by the
hand of adverse fate, and who now in
his youth and innocence is deprived of
the gold a charitable public chose that
he should have.
DEATH A YELLOW
CIRCULATION AGENT
WHILE the nation still mourns
its dead, some of whom sleep
on an alien and hostile shore
in graves which must ever be
nameless, some of whom
found rest in the deeps of Ha
vana harbor, the common heart yearn 3
to show in a meet and proper way the
pity it feels. The taking off of the
men of the Maine was a tragedy too
terrible, the shock too great to be
passed over with a tear and a word
of regret. Whether they were victims
of treachery or of accident the country
views them as martyrs, their memory
belongs to the whole people. The half
masted flags are in token of a wide
spread grief. '
Perhaps nothing could be more fit
ting than a shaft to mark the somber
event of their perishing. Such a mon
ument would have to be erected by the
free offerings of American citizens.
The country feels that the brave sac
rificed to the cruel exigency of peace
are as truly worthy as those who have
been called ""upon to yield their lives
amidst the tumult of war. These brave
men are not destined to be forgotten.
But nothing could be less fitting than
to have the monument reared, not to
the men whose titles it shall bear, but
to the greed and selfishness of an in
dividual who feeds and fattens on no
toriety, who is stirred by no generous
impulse, and who would as readily se
cure advertising through the destruc
tion of a ship and its crew as by print
ing the grotesque figure of a yellow
kid. It is hardly necessary to say the
individual is W. R. Hearst, that the
unclean sheet he conducts in New York
Is the instrument by which he is mak
ing his appeals, and that the other un
clean sheet, an echo and a shadow of
the filthy one on which he bestows a
greater affection, is doing all it can
to raise funds to perpetuate in marble
the Hearst belief that he is a patriot.
What does he care for the sailor
dead? Yet even had Hearst for once
been prompted by decent motives he
would have won applause and support,
albeit his haste demonstrated not that
he wished to have the memory of the
Maine's crew perpetuated, but rather
that he feared another would make the
suggestion and he be robbed of glory.
His motives, however, are apparent,
and they lack a redeeming quality.
The dispatch from Seattle shows the
scheme all divested of the glamour of
unselfishness. It is a cold-blooded
proposition to set a man collecting
funds and permit him to retain 10 per
cent for his trouble. By what right
does the proprietor of a paper so dis
reputable as to be barred from many
places where decency is regarded as
sume to pay 10 per cent or any sum
out of money given for a specific pur
pose, and money not his own? If a
citizen, touched by the pathos of the
case, anxious to express his grief at
the fate overtaking fellow citizens, sub
scribe $100 for a monument fund, he
does not expect that he is giving less
than that amount and donating the
difference to the agent of decadent
Journalism.
If a monument shall not be provided
by public act, at least let It be pro
vided by clean money, or not at all,
and not built from such funds as
Hearst may choose to allow to remain
after he has had a share to pay his
hireling. The arrogance of the Hearst
scheme is past all understanding when
considered apart from that person him
self. For him it seems natural, al
though the expllcitness and indelicacy
of its exposure is surprising even to
those familiar and disgusted with his
methods.
PERRY DROVE A "RINGER."
Ex-Senator W. J. Dunn has a fast
horse. Sid Perry has a horse that might
be fast if it had a chance to show itself.
A few days ago the two men were prats
ing the quality of their horses and each
man declared his animal was the better
for speed. The result was that a race was
arranged for a purse of $300 a side and It
took place Sunday afternoon at the speed
track at the Park.
The two men were for several days pre
vious to the race training their horses,
and as the day for the race drew near
Perry got a hunch that his animal was
not quite so speedy as Dunn's and he
stood a good chance of losing his $300. A
friend across the bay had a horse that
was a "ringer" for the one he was driv
ing, and it was an exceptionally speedy
horse. He borrowed his friend's trotter
on Saturday and yesterday Perry went
out to the track behind the borrowed ani
mal. Dunn was "there with his horse and
unconscious of the trick that Perry was
playing on him. Charles Newman was ap
pointed judge and the two animals were
started over the course.
The borrowed horse was perhaps the
faster and he got away well at the start,
but Perry did not understand how to drive
him. Soon after the start the animal
broke and Perry , was unable to get it
down to a trot again until about half the
course had been gone over. By that time
the ex-Senator was close to the finish and
he came out an easy winner. Perry wants
another race to decide the merits of the
animals and he says he will give bonds as
a guarantee that he will drive his own
horse.
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Horo
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sansome st *
ROBBED OF
HIS GOLD
BY A FRIEND
Isadore Degorski the
Victim of a " Boodle
Ringer."
Claimed He Owned Sev
eral Gold Mines in
Alaska.
Relieved of His Money While
on the Way to the Safe
Deposit Building.
CLEVER RUSE OF A CROOK
Old Iron Was Substituted for the
Coin of the Realm With
Success.
Isadore Degorski, a tailor doing bus
iness at 333 Eddy street, was cleverly
robbed of one thousand dollars last
Saturday afternoon. Degorski was
about leaving his place of business
when he was met by a notorious "boo
dle ringer," who Is known to the po
lice as "Joe" Blanchard. The latter
represented that he had just arrived
from the Klondike, where he had an
interest in several gold mines.
After a short conversation, during
which Blanchard depicted In glowing
colors the vast resources of the frozen
north, he exhibited a "dummy" roll,
which he claimed contained $21,000 in
greenbacks. Blanchard asserted that
he did not care to carry so much
money on his person, as he feared that
he might be stood up and robbed. Be
ing told of his victim's honesty he
asked him to take care of the "money."
Degorski innocently informed him that
he had $1000 in gold which he intended
to place in the bank.
"Don't trust any bank," remarked
the confidence man. "You will surely
lose your money if you do."
Blanchard then suggested that they
rent a box in the safe deposit, where he
claimed their money would be safe.
Degorski, thinking that Blanchard was
an "honorable gentleman," as he ex
pressed it, readily acquiesced. Blanch
ard then produced a sort of cash box,
and, placing his roll of "greenbacks" in
it, handed it to the unsuspecting tailor.
The latter, at the suggestion of Blanch
ard, also deposited his $1000 in gold in
the box. The two men then started for
the safe deposit to rent a box in which
was to be stored the money. The box
was duly deposited, and Degorski was
congratulating himself in having met
such a "nice gentleman," when he met
a friend, who was acquainted with the
methods of the "boodle ringer."
He told him he had been robbed, and
suggested to him to return to the safe
deposit and examine the box. To his
surprise he found that it contained a
number of "washers," such as are used
on garden hose, and a bundle of paper.
The gold belonging to the unsuspecting
tailor had been abstracted by his new
found friend while they were on the
way to the Safe Deposit building. After
realizing that he had been robbed De
gorski visited police headquarters and
reported the matter to Captain Bohen.
The latter at once detailed Detectives
Gibson, Wren, Reynolds and Dinan to
arrest- the clever boodle ringer, but de
spite their efforts, he is still at large.
They believe he hap left the city.
CHIEF LEES
ON THE CARPET
Accused of Failing to Per
form the Duties of
His Office.
His Attention Frequently Called
to Open Violations cf
the Law.
Attorney Regensburger, acting in be
half of a number of property owners in
the vicinity of Mason and Eddy and
Mason and Ellis streets, presented a
petition to the Board of Police Commis
sioners last night in which were em
braced charges of neglect of duty
against Chief Lees. The charge was to
the effect that the Chief of Police had
willfully and persistently refused and
declined to perform the duties of his
office in- closing certain disreputable
houses at Nos. 111. 113, 115 and 117
Mason- street.
Regensburger, in his petition, says a
number of citizens and taxpayers of
this city who own much of the prop
erty in the vicinity of the notorious
places notified the Chief of Police in
January last of the character of the
inmates of the houses. His attention
was called to their open violation of
the law, and he was asked to act in the
I matter.
Subsequently the Chief of Police
asked for a statement of facts concern
\ ing the character of the inmates of the
i houses. This was given, and it was
' shown to the Chief of Police that the
I statements could be proven, yet it is
said he refused to act.
The attorney, in his petition, says:
I have been put off by excuses from
time to time, and each and every time the
1 Chief made an excuse; such and all of
I said excuses were, to my mind, subter
i fuges, and on Friday, the 11th day of
j February, 1898, I was informed by the
said Chief that the Police Courts were
, overcrowded and that the Juuges would
', not issue warrants; and at the same time
j I was further informed by him that all
of his time was taken up by the charter
and that he could not attend to the
matter.
The following persons signed the peti
tion to the said Chief of Police to abate
the business carried on in those houses:
Mrs. Harriet McCarthy, Mrs. J. C. Mc-
Cauley, H. J. McCoy, John P. Gallagher,
! F. Nigro, C. G. Larsen, I. N. Kowalsky,
1 M. J. Somers, Claus Spreckels (by A. B.
i Spreckels), Ann Albreckt (by D. J.
I Oliver), Alexander W. Wilson. R. J.
Techau. Mrs. Ernestine Krelrfng and Mr.
Greenwald.
I charge that the actions of the said
Chief of Police are unwarranted and are
flagrant violations of his duties, and I
respectfully request, In submitting tnia
matter to you. that you set a^tlrne and
place for the hearing of this matter so
that I and my witnesses may ha\e an op
portunity to present the same to >ou.
The Commissioners held that the
statement presented to them regarding:
the character of the tenants of the
houses and the unsavory uses to wnlcn
the houses were being put were not
facts. Regensburger replied that ne
could prove the statements he made.
The Commissioners asked why the
Grand Jury had not been apprised of
the character of the places and why
that body had not taken the initiative.
The attorney replied that he had made
a complaint to that body, but he had
been referred to the Police Depart
ment.
The Commissioners, however, refused
to take any notice of the petition or
the charges it embodied and informed
Regensburger that if he would swear
to warrants charging the inmates,
lessees and owners of the property
with breaches of the law the warrants
would be served.
Regensburger said he had notified
the owners of the property of the
character of their tenants and they
had promised to remedy the violations
of the law. They have not done so as
yet and he proposes on Wednesday,
when the courts open, to swear to war
rants charging them as well as their
tenants with breaches of the law.
USED ALL THE
AMMUNITION
Many Gun Tests Made by Dr-
Shiels in the Figel
Case.
All of the Tes imony Given for th.
Defense Seems to Point to
Suicide.
"When the Figel case was reopened be»
fore Judge Cook and jury yesterday
morning, Dr. George Franklin Shiels, a
•well-known medical expert, was called to
the stand for the defense. Much stress
seemed to be laid on his testimony
and the cross-examination was long and
thorough.
The witness testified as to his gradua
tion from various colleges and his experi
ence in this city, as well as in European
cities, regarding bullet wounds. The wit
ness stated in response to questions
asked by General Barnes for the defense
that he had experimented with a Smith
& Wesson revolver extensively. The wit
ness stated that the pistol found in tha
office of Hoffman, Rothchild & Co., on
the evening of June 1, was identical with
the one which he had used in experiments
on various bodies, and the witness fur
thermore stated that without doubt a
human being could Inflict upon himself
such wounds as were received by the de
ceased merchant, and that It was prob
able the wounds were self-inflicted. All
the testimony given by the witness tended
to prove the theory of suicide and the
testimony given seemed to carry much
weight, as the opinion of the witness has
j proved valuable on previous occasions.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '■£
SF D-Hl '/SON CITY. M
■ Mov. tj, '97.
H -Mr. Tbo mas Butler — iS
B Dear Sir: jj|[
X * * • • The Machinauml
B Ootbing and Woolen 'Blank-
B f/s made by Brown 'Bros. 6-fIH
A Co. are the best on the tyon- Ja
m dike. Every one wants \to J
m. hno'jjhow and where we gotWh,
j§ them. ' * * ' 8
X Claude and Clinton Rise. *M
1 121-123 Sarfsomt Shi
J REMEMBER I
g That the 20 Per Cent Discount %
g Clearance g
1 SALE J
I ART GOODS!
ART GOODS
g .^
1 S. & 6. GUMP'S, (
§ 113 GEARY STREET, %
| Closes Positively on February g
« 28, 1898. %
« 28, 1000. , »
BASIL H. PAUL'S
LAST CLOSING-OUT
AUCTION
OF. •
Genuine D I ICQ
Oriental nUUO,
CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc., r
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW, 22 and 23,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY,
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
• - Between Kearny and Montgomery. •
His collection of Rugs stands without rival.
i C c on . sale .is . peremptory .' and genuine.
am will be sold out before ■ he leaves the city.
£ «,» • lover can afford to • miss this ■ oppor- .
No ( rug lover ca FRA X BUTTERFIELD. •■•:
tunlty. •..';.'. . - . .. Auctioneer.
_ ,_, m w or FADED HATR RESTORED to
r+ i? AY voiithful color and beaut? by DR.
Ul»'* 1 HAYS' HAIR HKALiII. . Re-
moires dandruff and scalp disea-e. Don't stain
Ikln ( otoi« BALD spits. ►; Ahuolutelr harmle»».
fc'kSTA^^AAa^ s ,4 e M-^f;j: