VOLUME LXXXIH.— XO. 121.
PRESIDENT SAYS HE WILL
FREE CUBA ON MONDAY
VIEW OF THE ENTRANCE TO THE HARBOR OF CARTAGENA, SPAIN.
The Spanish Warships Cristobal Colon and Infanta Maria Teresa, With the Torpedo Boat P'sti-.'^'or, Coming
O«^ g£ Thclv Way to the West Indies.
SAGASTA APPRECIATES
THE CONDITION THAT
NOW CONFRONTS SPAIN
It Is in the Disinclination of the Ministry to Put Its
Concessions in Distinct Terms That
the. Greatest Danger Lies.
MADRID, March. 30.— While the
situation here is outwardly of the
calmest description, the actual posi
tion of affairs is regarded as critical
by both the United States Legation
and the Spanish Government.
The United States Minister, Gen
eral Stewart Woodford, is working
energetically and will continue to
■work energetically for peace until the
first gun is fired. It is known that
the Spanish Government admits the
desirability of 'complying with the
demands of the United States and it
was only in the disinclination of the
.ministers to put this willingness in
concrete form that the danger lies.
If a conference were to be held with
British, German or French diplomats
the matter would be settled without
question.
The point -which General Woodford
is now pressing is that in the inter
est of humanity, hostilities in Cuba
must cease immediately. No date was
fixed either in the first or in the pres
ent note, but the United States is
now dwelling upon the meaning of
the word "immediately" and insist
ing that Spain accept its general in
terpretation. The public generally is
taking little apparent interest in the
situation, but there is a general dis
inclination to believe that war is.
A dispatch from Barcelona says
that the armed steam yacht Giralda.
purchased by the Spanish Govern
ment from Harry McCalmont, the
English race horse owner, after the
vessel had been rejected by the
United States, is now beirig fitted up
as a dispatch boat.
El Pais says, four warships have
been obtained by Spain in France
and that negotiations are pending for
the purchase of several torpedo boats
in Great Britain. El Pais also says
orders have been issued to mobilize
all the Spanish warships and that
the torpedo boat Eicon is to sail im
mediately from Cartagena for Ca
diz, where a second torpedo squadron
is being prepared. Military engineers
are starting for the Canary Islands
and the Balearic Islands are being
fortified.
Italy, it is said by El Pais, has
decided tn sell the armored cruiser
Guiseppe Garibaldi, of 6840 tons, and
well armored, a sister ship to the
Varea, to Spain. Two regiments still,
The San Francisco Call
CHARITY WITH NO RAKE-OFF.
SEATTLE. March 30. — An emissary of the Journal-Examiner has
a.bandoned his attempt to "work' 1 the people of this community to en
courage and contribute to yellow journal methods. Repeated efforts
•were made to induce the citizens here to organize and adopt means to
raise contributions for a monument to be erected in honor of the he
roes of the Maine disaster. When the fact became knov»._ hrough the
columns of The ("all that their special representative sent from Ken-
York was to receive 10 per cent of the amount collected there was con
siderable indignation expressed. As a consequence nobody would have
anything to do with the project.
A new and legitimate movement, however, was begun, and Mayor
Thomas J. Humes called together twenty-one representative citizens
to consider ways and^ means of aiding the distress. The meeting was
held this evening and* an organization was effected by electin ? Mayor
Humes chairman, E. O. Graves treasurer, and Will A. Steel secretary.
It was decided to give a mammoth theatrical benefit from 1 to 5 o'clock
on the afternoon of April 16 in the principal theater.
Inhere will not be one dollar of expense, as the talent and everything
necessary have been volunteered. Every dollar of the receipts, which
will likely aggregate several thousand dollars, will be forwarded for
the benefit of the maimed survivors of the Maine and for the families
of the lost sailors.
according to El P_is, are going to the
Canary Islands to strengthen the
Spanish garrison there.
The Armstrongs' Spanish agent, a
Spaniard, who is in .touch with the
Government and commercial people
in Spain, has expressed the belief
that unless the powers intercede there
will be war.
He added: "If the United States :
offered money for our clearing out
of Cuba we could not accept, b\it if
the proposition emanated from an
other power it is not unlikely that
it would be accepted."
This view of the case is echoed by
a portion of the Spanish press' which
advises Spain to wash her hands of
Cuba.
Senor Ortiz de Sarato, a prominent
former Carlist deputy, who has just
. been defeated at Vittoria, expresses
the opinion that there would be no ,
war, saying: "We have neither ships, j
sailors, soldiers, plans nor money and
; the Government knows it. It will '
struggle to the last, then cave in."
Senor Sarato, who was recently at
' Cadiz, says the Spanish warships i
Pelayo and Carlos V, which the Gov- !
eminent announced ready for sea, !
cannot possibly be made ready sooner
than in two months.
Recruiting Office Opened.
PORTLAND. March 30.— The United '
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898 - TWENTY-TWO PAGES.
States Government to-day opened a re
cruiting office here for the enlistment
of men for the navy.
TORPEDO-BOAT ROWAN
NEARING COMPLETION
Will Be Christened by the Wife of
Lieutenant Moale of the
Helena.
SEATTLE, March 30.— The Govern
ment torpedo boat Rowan, which is
building in this city, will be launched
on April 8. Her construction has been
; hurried for some days past at the in
stance of officials at Washington. After
; the Rowan is in the water her arma
ment will be put on and she will be
ready for service in two weeks aftpr
launching. The boat will be christened
by Mrs. Edward Moale Jr., wife of
I Lieutenant Moale of the Helena.
OFFICIAL SECRECY
BREATHES OF WAR
i Officers of the Army and Navy
Forbidden to Talk About Army
•and Navy Plans.
WASHINGTON, March 30. — The
| greatest secrecy prevails in many of
j the bureaus of the War and Navy de
' partments in regard to the various pro
] jects of defense and naval movements
| now going on and the officials in many
cases positively refuse to make public
steps that have been determined upon.
1 The most notable instance of the kind.
CONSUL-GENERAL LEE
WILL NOT RESIGN.
; Copyright. IS9B, by James Gordon Ben
| • nett.
HAVANA. March 30.— Consul-
General Lee said when I told him
there was a rumor ir the States
that he had. resigned: "I have
not resigned. I shall not resign
■while affairs are in the present
unsettled state. 1 am here to
represent the American people
and, like a sentinel on duty, I will
remain at my post."
One body was recovered from
the wreck to-day, and more am
munition taken vn.
Musgraye, the Journal corre
spondent, was sent to Cadiz to
day on the steamer Buenos
Ay res by order from Madrid. The
British Consul was notified of
his arrest last night, but not of
his destination. He will not dis
cuss the case. Musgrave himself
is ignorant of Spain's plans re
garding him when he reaches
I Cadiz. The Consul did not know
Musprave was going to Cadiz
till after the steamer sailed, aiid
did not visit him.
probably, is in the Navy* Department,
where faptain Crowinshield of the Bu
reau of Navigation has issued an order
forbidding: subordinates to make public
any information except on permission
from himself. The order is as fol
lows:
Officers, clerks and all employes of the
bureau are forbidden to make public any
Information concerning the movements of
ships, orders to officers or other official
business of the bureau, except they have
personal and explicit information from
me.
EARTHQUAKE FAILED
TO SCARE SAMPSON.
Incident in Which the Commander
of the Key West Squadron
Figured.
NEW YORK. March 30.— A Washing
ton special says: Representative Hil-
I born of California, member of the '
House Naval Affairs Committee, is cer
tain that Captain Sampson, recently
appointed to command on the Key West
squadron, is exactly the right man in
the right place.
"I shall never forget," saaJ Judge
Hilborn, "the last time I met Captain
Sampson. It was in my office in San :
Francisco. While we were sitting in
that tall building there was a terrible
earthquake shock. The structure fairly
rocked, and it seemed to me as if it
was about to tumble down. People
rushed madly down the stairways and
I was about to run nyself, but so calm
and collected was Captain Sampson .
that I became ashamed of myself and
was compelled to listen to him. Cap
tain Sampson kept rfght on with his
conversation as if nothing had hap- 1
pened."
Forrest to Be Taken East.
LOS ANGELES, March 30.— A writ of
habeas corpus in. the case of Dr. W. E.
Forrest, an alleged embezzler of New
York, was denied by Judge Shaw this
morning. Forest's attorneys announced
that they gave up the case and he was
turned over to Sergeant Price of the New
York police force, who has given Dr. For
rest until to-morrow to arrange his busi
ness affairs. He will then be taken East
to be tried.
CONGRESS WILLING
TO CONCEDE HIM
THAT MUCH TIME
Something Very Close to an Ultimatum
Sent to Madrid, and Sagasta
Pleads for Delay.
McKinley Still Believes That Spain Will Yield
Without Fighting, but the Temper of America
Is Not to Be Trifled With.
NEW YORK, March 30.— The Herald's Washington correspond
ent telegraphs: "If I do not succeed in freeing Cuba by Monday I
wili ask Congress to declare Cuba free." WILLIAM McKINLBY.
There is an armistice over the Cuban
question, and it is not between Blanco
and Gomez. It is between the Presi
dent and Congress, and it will last until
Monday. President McKinley has
promised members of Congress that if
he is not able to report to them by
that time that the independence of Cuba
has been assured he will be ready to co
operate with them in any policy they
desire to f>rmulate.
Thus, from chaos to cosrros. the
events of this historic day have marched
rapidly. The day opened with both
houses of Congress ready to take the
question of the peace of the world out
of the President's hands. Unquestion
ably an overwhelming majority in both
houses favored such a step.
There were several reasons for this.
In the first place, everybody in Con
gress believed that the President had
been influenced on the side of peace so
powerfully as to lose sight of all the
issues involved. Unfounded though
their suspicion may have been, they felt
they would be willing to meet Spain
half way on matters that within their
opinion could possibly admit of com
promise. For instance, they thought
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Thursday; light fog
in the morning: westerly, wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours: • ' •
San Francisco 58 degrees
Portland • 52 degrees
• I^>s Angeles.. 7S degrees
San Diego.: 72 degrees
Sacramento 76 degrees
FIRST FAGI^
The President to Fre* Cuba.
Spanish Statesmen Hesitate.
SECOND PAGE.
Chile Will- Sell a Battleship.
Havanese Oppose a Truce.
Spain Makes a Warlike Move.
ray Day at Mare Island.
Harrison Favors Intervention.
Don de Qullle Is Dead.
The Many Allans of Brooks.
THIRD PAGE.
Reed No Longer the Czar.
Spain Seeks Aid In Europe.
House Awaits the President.
Senators Willing to Walt.
• FOURTH PAGE.
Schooner Meets Heavy Gales.
Collision on Southern Pacific.
Rev. Avery Shepherd Dead. _ ;
Fall to Catch Train Robber*.
•How the Gang Buys Votes.
Sltka Has a Mining Boom.
Senator Enos Dies Suddenly.
Garbage War Begins. .
FIFTH PAGE.
Showing Up a Liar.
Scandal In Street Work.
The Berkeley. Murder. ':,-'-. -■',
A Military Review To-day.
• SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Incident of the Maine. ' ,
That British Alliance.
Municipal Economy. • *
The Fight for Pure Food.
Great Britain and Her Foes.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Bob Mitchell at the Tivoli.
Baseball Gossip. ■
A California Girl's Success.
EIGHTH PAGE.
An Earthquake in Town. . .•< .
" Two Milkmen | Arrested.
NINTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay. .
Fifty Tears a Priest. >
: TENTH PAGE.
Father. Torke on Remorse.
" [ ,'.-, ELEVENTH PAGE.
• Births^ • Marriages ; and ■ Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE. .
 Racing at Ingleside. ; .
Found -Wife in an Asylum.
School Census to Be Taken.
\->.; THIRTEENTH , PAGE. -
Sketch of Reno, Nevada. ■ ;
; Officer Marlowe In Trouble. •
' Hoff Gets Tangled Up.
 FOURTEENTH \ PAGE.
The ' New Charter. .
:■'■ TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
The Commercial World. * . ■.: ■
. TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
Th» Riches of Kotzebue. ,
Ex-Deputies Want Redress.
News Along the Water Front.
RECONCENTRATION IN
THE EASTERN PROVINCES
IS NOW AT AN END.
"WASHINGTON, March 30.— The Spanish legation here late to
night received a cablegram from the Governor-General of Cuba,
saytng the caotain-general reported the pacification of the eastern
pio-.inces bo fa; advanced that it had b^n decided to rescind the
reconcentrado order in these provinces and allow all subjects of
this decree to return to their homes in the country-
To aid in the re-establishing of the reconcentrados upon their
farms the cablegram stated the Government will grant them the
protection of the Spanish military forces augmented by local re
lief committees to look 'after their immediate needs.
Economic kitchens, it says, are to be established to support the
reconcentrados while waiting for their first croos to mature, and
they are to be furnished farming implements and seeds by the Gov
ernment. To supply them with ready money, such of them as are
able will be given employment on public works, and it is asserted
by the authorities that these measures will result in the speedy re
habilitation of the rural communities in the western provinces.
This cablegram was not made public till more than an hour
after midnight and no official comment upon its significance could
be secured.
they saw evidences of a willingness to
i arbitrate the question t of the Maine ex
; plosion and of a compromise on the
j Cuban question short of absolute inde
| pendence.
In the second place, the Congress
men had been hearing from their con-
I stituents, and most of them were afraid
!to go home if decisive action against
1 Spain were not taken promptly.
The President began to hear from
the members of- both houses early. The
Senate "steering" committee called, and
with many wags of the hesd told him
they were sorry for him and favored a
\ conservative policy, but the Senate was
, "gone." The entire Michigan deiega
: tion went in and told him the people of
the Wolverine State believed we should
j declare war against Soain. Members of
the House Committee on Foreign Af
j fairs also appeared and said the House
was about to act independently of the
executive unless it had definite infor
! mation. Dozens of others, members of
, the Senate and House, told the Presi
dent they were sorry to come to the
parting of the ways, but they were
going to speak and vote for armed in
tervention in Cuba.
Then it was that the President bowed
to the wishes of Congress and took his
callers into his confidence to a limited
degree. He explained that he could not
yet make public the correspondence
with Spain, because it was still being
conducted. The negotiations had been
| delayed in Madrid. He expected a
| definite answer to-morrow night. But
| in the most positive words the Presi
| dent informed his callers that he was
second in patriotism to no man. and that
he was demanding of Soain exactly
what Congress wanted. He" believed
that the negotiations would result in the
independence of Cuba.
If Congress forced him to break them
off no one could foretell the result.
We would be placed in a false light be
fore the world. The President asked
for forty-eight hours' time, if Congress
would give him no more.
He also said to one caller: "If
I do not succeed in freeing Cuba by
Monday I will ask Congress to de
clare Cuba free."
• Monday being the extreme limit
of time asked by the President, it has
been decided by Congress to give him
until Monday.
In view of the incident in the House
when Representative Bailey of Texas
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PROTECTION FOR
SPAIN'S COASTS.
Copyrtght, 1898. by James Gordon Ben
nett.
BARCELONA, March 30.— The
feeling that war is probable is
apparent from the feverish way
in which measures for protecting
the Catalan coast «md increas
ing the naval forces are dis
cussed, subscriptions for these
purposes being offered from all
parts of Spain.
tried to get ah^ad of the procession by
securing immediate consideration of a
resolution recognizing the independence
of Cuba, this becomes <-«~nificant. There
was no reason on earth mtc it should
have had the slightest effect on the price
of stocks. It was not indicative of the
sense of the House. Mr. Hopkins, who
opposed it on the floor afterward, was
chairman of the conference of nq Re
publican members who favored armed
intervention.
Speaker Reed, during the discussion,
showed plainly that hz too had yielded,
and had done it as gracefully as the
President had. The conference which
the Republican members held to-nierht
to advance the cause of armed interven
tion unless Spain immediately declares
Cuba free really removes the last ves
tige of doubt as to what the House will
do. It was a remarkable event. There
was no clap-trap — no fireworks. The
men who talked meant what they said.
They all said Spain must leave Cuba.
The 115 will be 204 when the House
votes. The Republican strength is 204.
A committee of eleven was appointed
to wait on the President to-morrow and
tell him there must be no hesitation and
no drawing back.
As for the Senate, the a: durances the
President sent to that body were suffi
cient to cause a change in its poiicy.
The Senate, too, will wait until Monday.
The authorities await with the great
est anxiety a definite proposition as to
just how Spain proposes to let go of
the island. While the President and
Congress are in accord in their desire
for the freedom of Cuba there is some
difference between the demands made
upon Spain and what Congress expects.
The President, for instance, would be
willing to agree to an armistice, with a
guarantee from Spain beforehand that
the Cubans should have their indepea2
WILL BUY ONE
WARSHIP FROM
THE CHILEANS
The Oregon May Not Be Alone
on Y}er Cruise to Join
tf)e North Atlantic
Squadron.
NEW YORK, March 30.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Anticipating that Chile will sell a man-of-war to the United States, Com
mander F. M. Symonds, commanding the gunboat Marietta, has been
ordered to proceed at once from Callao to Valparaiso, where he will
hoist the American flag on board the vessel. Before his departur > from
Callao Commander Symonds, it is expected, will make arrangements for
the collection of a sufficient supply of coal to be placed immediately
aboard the battleship Oregon, due at that point the first of next week,
so that there will be no delay in her race against time around the
Horn. It is proposed to place the crew of the Marietta on board the
Chilean cruiser to be purchased in case negotiations are successful
and the new addition to the American navy will join the Oregon in
her voyage to this country east, while the Marietta, in charge of a
short crew, will work her way north, until she falls in with the Alert,
which will place a portion of her crew aboard and the two will then
proceed to Mare Island. Should the negotiations for a Chilean cruiser
fall through the Marietta will steam with the Oregon to Key West.
The officials recognize that it is of vital importance that this Gov
ernment should obtain possession of another arr ored cruiser before
■war with Spain occurs. It is admitted that the armed cruiser O'Hig
grins, which is completed at Elswick, England, is not for sale; the* the
Argentine Government has declined to sell the cruiser San Martine,
practically compl *ed at Leghorn, Italy, and that the Italian Govern
ment will not dispose of any other completed cruiser.
It is believed this Government is endeavoring to purchase the Blan
co EnciJada/ which has been in commission in the Chilean service for
three or four years. This vessel has a displacement of 4500 tons and a
speed of 22.7 knots and has an armament consisting of two 8-inch
breech-loading rifles, two 10-inch quick-firing guns in sponsons, twelve
3-pounders, twelve 1-pounders and five torpedo tub- The only battle
ship in the Chilean service which this Government has considered with a
view to possible purchase is the Captain Pratt, but It is not believed
that Chile will be willing to sell her.
With such a vessel as the Blanco Encalada accompanying the Ore
gon the authorities* do not anticipate that these ships would have any
difficulty in disposing of the Spanish torpedo gun vessel Temerario,
which is thought to be lying in wait for the American ships in order to
prevent them reaching Key West in case war should be declared.
It is officially denied at the Navy Department that any negotia
tions are being conducted with Denmark for the sale of ai.v of her
vessels. It is said that there are no ships in the Danish navy which
would be worth anything to the United States in th; present crisis.
It is also stated that no authority has been given to naval attaches
of this Government abroad to purchase any additional torpedo-boats
and it is doubted by the officials that this Government will be able to
proc- re any more vessels of this type by purchase. The torpedo-boat
Somers, purchased at Elbing, left that point, according to a dispatch
from Lieutenant J. J. Knap, received at the Navy Department to-day,
for PHlau, en route to the United States.
lieutenant Knap is under instructions to hasten his cruise as much
as possible across the Atlantic, and to be parti- 'larly watchful for
Spanish torpedo-boats.
dence when order has been restored and
sufficient time allowed for the formation
of a new government. Congress, how
ever, seems to demand recognition of
independence at once and an armistice
to come afterward. Independence only
guaranteed, however, there will prob
ably be little trouble about agreeing to
an armistice pending the organization of
the new government. Although the
authorities are not saying much on the
subject, it is well known that one of
the leading propositions before the Sa
gasta Ministry involves the question of
the purchase by the Cubans of their in
dependence.
It is known that all the moneyed in
terests of Europe are working on Spain
to have her accept the proposition for the
sale of Cuba, and that the financial inter
ests here are at work with the repre
sentatives of the Cuban reoublic for the
purpose of effecting an agreement on a
financial basis.
At Madrid there is a pause. Sagasta
asked for twenty-four hours of time and
got it. Madrid has also got a definite
statement that the concession of the in
dependence of Cuba can prevent inter
vention and that nothing else can.
When diplomacy gets that far it
is only a step to an ultimatum. In
this case it is only twenty-four hours
to an ultimatum.
While Madrid pauses the President
and Congress .are fully prepared for ac
tion, at last happily together. Two
cables came from Minister Woodford to
The State Department last night.
The first said that the Spanish Council
had asked for twenty-four hours' time
in which to consider the representations
which the United States had made re
garding Cuba and the Maine. Would
that time be granted? The reply to this
inquiry was "Yes."
The second cable was for further in
formation. Spain desired to know
whether it was to understand that the
concession of the independence of Cuba
was a prerequisite and an essential to
the granting of our desires about the
island. To this interrogatory the an
, ewer was also "Yes."
The first question explained the sec
ond. Spain had not realized that the
President was in a hurry until Minister
Woodford presented an urgent cable
requesting immediate information as to
Spain's willingness to comply with his
wishes. Then Sagasta saw that he was
confronted with the necessity for promot
action on momentous questions which
he had hoped to consider at his leisure.
So he asked for time, and then
asked definitely as to whether the
meeting of the question of the free
dom of Cuba was regarded as urgent
and pressing by Washington. He
now knows they are ominously urg
ent, feverishly pressing.
At the White House and at the State
Department there is a general air of
sprightliness which suggests unbounded
confidence that when the Sagasta Min
istry sends its reply at the end of the
fateful twenty-four hours it will be in
compliance with the administration's de
sires. Minister Woodford has been
sending roseate opinions as to the pros
pects.
There is skepticism everywhere else
as to the likelihood of Spain entering
into a definite agreement at this time to
give Cuba independence. It is believed
that Spain will submit a counter propo
sition embodying an armistice until Oc
tober, during which negotiations for the
independence of Cuba or for a more
liberal government can be conducted,
and conceding our right to feed the re
concentrados. Spain is expected to say
that the Ministry cannot act, the ces
sion "of territory can only be made by
the Cortes, and the Cortes does not
meet until April 23. On that ground
the Prime Minister will ask delay. But
no such period of waititlg is in the
President's mind, unless ttie Queen-
Regent, by some proclamation, binds
Spain to independence.
Spain's threatening movement in
sending more warships to the westward
does not conform harmoniously with the
pacific news from Madrid, and the op
timism shown at the State Department
does not prevail among officers of the
army and navy. I can state on high
authority that a reply asking for further
delay will not be satisfactory to this
Government, and that an ultimatum on
the independence of Cuba will be sent to
Madrid on the coming of that reply, or
any other that does not free Cuba.
There is to be no hesitation now. If
war must come, it will come without
more shifting of positions, and it will
come by Monday.
The question of hostilities at once was
discussed at the Cabinet meeting on
Tuesday. This meeting was a very long
one, lasting from 11 o'clock till nearly
2. The question of readiness was
brought up. It was considered that we
were ready. Then the question of strik
ing quickly was discussed. Several
members of the Cabinet were in favor
of immediate action the instant it be
came apparent that diplomatic relations
were broken — among them even the
men who have refused to consider that
there was a probability.
The consensus of opinion was that
if Spain's reply was not satisfactory
war should be declared on Saturday.
It should be borne in mind that when
this meeting was held Spain's final re
ply was expected to-day. The point
was made that if this country did not
strike at once the torpedo flotilla would
be at Cuba, and this would hamper our
operations. The danger of yellow fever
was pointed out, and it was the opinion
of all that if hostilities did not begin
soon all our operations around Cuba
would have to be deferred until Sep
tember. All this has been "ding
donged" into the ears of the Cabinet
by Assista-nt Secretary Roosevelt of the
Navy for weeks, but the impression it
made was dulled until Congress ex
ploded on the. President's hands and a
firm demand on Spain could be no
longer delayed.
Immediate cessation of hostilities.
Immediate relief for reconcen
trados through the co-operation of
the United States.
Prompt withdrawal of Spanish
troops and an armistice for a short
period, during which time the United
States will exert its good offices in
establishing an independent form of
government.
Concisely and bluntly these comprise
the demands which President McKin
ley has made upon Spain. The basis
and principle upon which the whole de
mand is made involves the indepen
dence of Cuba. Courteous diplo
matic language has of course been
used in nicking these representations to
Spain. The President was careful in
the phraseology of the several commu
nications which have within the last few
days gone to Madrid on this subject.
The most important one was the joint
production of the President. Fonrier
Senator Edmunds and Third Assistant
Secretary of State Adee. The notes
were so framed as not to hurt the sensi
bilities of the Spanish diplomats, but
at the same time to show that the
President was firm in his determination
that the time had now come for Spain to
end the war and concede the indepen
dence of the Cubans.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
THE TRUCE IDEA
NOT FAVORED
Neither Side in Cuba
Ready to Lay Down
Its Arms.
Gomez and His Men Reap a
Harvest in the Rising
Storm.
Spaniards Believe Firmly That Europe
Will Help Their Country In
the End.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Qordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 30.— 1 have the per
sonal assurance of Captain Blanco and
Dr. Congosto, the Secretary-General of
the Government, that they have no
knowledge of any plan for peace in
volving the declaration of an armistice
with the insurgents until October 1.
The first intimation received at Ha
vana of such a plan as contemplated
was contained in your dispatch stat
ing that the armistice was to last six
months, the United States meantime to
feed the starving reconcentrados. I
showed this dispatch to Dr. Congosto,
who received me courteously at the pal
ace:
VI will be perfectly frank with you,"
said Congosto. "If there is anything
in this proposition I do not know of
it. I have no knowledge that any such
plan has been proposed, officially or
otherwise."
I asked Dr. Congosto whether he
could also speak for the Captain-Gen
eral.
"Yes," he said. "You may Bay the
same for General Blanco. I am quite
sure that he knows no more of any such
plan than do I."
"Could you authorize the statement
that there is no truth in the report or
that Spain would not consent to such
an agreement?" I inquired.
"By no means. I cannot go as far as
that," Dr. Congosto' replied. "I can
only say that if such overtures have
been or are to be made, the entire af
fair must be in the hands of the Wash
ington and Madrid authorities. Please
observe, I do not say there is nothing
in this report. Some such proposition
may be under deliberation. I only say
that if that is the case the Govern
ment's representatives in Cuba do not
know of it."
Consul-General Lee appeared to be
Incredulous when I showed him the
dispatch! He said he had no infor
mation on the subject, and evidently
did not place much faith in the idea
that Spain and the insurgents might
both consent to six months' cessation
of hostilities. I have outlined the pro
posed plan to many representative Cu
bans who naturally prefer not to be
quoted by name. None of them believe
Gomez would subscribe to such an ar
rangement unless with absolute guar
antee that the independence of Cuba
should follow. The approach of the
rainy season has no terrors for Gomez
and his Cuban veterans. That has al
ways been his harvest time and the
time when the Spanish troops silffer the
greatest losses.
On the other hand, I find no greater
disposition among Spaniards to sub
scribe to any such proposed solution ot
the difficulty. The impression is grow
ing among them that Spain has the
sympathy and is likely to have the
support of several foreign powers. So
long as this belief exists the average
Spanish loyalist will not listen to talk
of an armistice with Maximo Gomez.
La Union Constitutional says edito
rially to-day: "If it Is confirmed that
there has been a change In President
McKinley's attitude, we must regard it
as due to two reasons, namely: First,
the severe attitude maintained by our
Government, never alarmed, knowing
as she does, the right and Justice of
her cause; secondly, the menacing atti
tude of the European powers, which
cannot with indifference look upon the
United States provoking a war in
which their own interests would suffer
so severely."
BROOKS HAD
MANY ALIASES
Swindler Arrested at Ta
coma Prominent in
the East.
Taught School for Twenty
Years in Michigan and
Wisconsin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 80.— It develops that
Marion Brooks, arrested several weeks
ago for defrauding Eastern publishers,
was a prominent man back in Michigan
and Wisconsin, where he taught school
for twenty years, holding State certi
ficates. In Michigan he was known by
the name of Tripp, which is thought to
be his right name. In the West he
has gone under the names of Brooks,
Charles Brown, Charles Lyon and John
W. Wilson.
The Federal authorities allege that
Brooks has been using the mails with
intent to defraud Macmillan & Co.,
Rand, McNally & Co., Harper Brothers,
the Werner Company and several other
publishing houses. He has claimed to
be the clerk of school boards of Ta
coma and other cities, requesting the
publishers to send him consignments of
books to be paid for on arrival, His
supposed object was then to sell the
books to local book firms, pocketing
the proceeds. The Federal attorney's
office has advices that one consignment
of books sold in Seattle brought him
$150. He is known to have been in Los^
Angeles and his alleged operations in
other cities are being Investigated.
. Macmillan & Co. of Chicago and E.
F. Goodyear, Macmillan's agent at 319
Sansome street, San Francisco, were
instrumental in effecting Brooks' cap
ture. He wrote to the Chicago house
as Charles Lyon and to San Francisco
as John Wilson. The Chicago house
forwarded its order to San Francisco.
The difference in the names used
aroused suspicions. The agency here
was asked to investigate, its inquiry
resulting in the placing of the corre
spondence in the hands of the Federal
authorities, who captured Brooks at the
postoffice when he called for his mail.
It is believed Brooka will confess,
thereby reducing his probable sentence.
He spends his time in jail studyiuer
French and German and reading the
Bible. His family in Michigan does
not know of his trouble. He has prom
inent connections at Kenosha, Madison
and Pewaukee, Wls., and hopes to
guard his identity so they will not
learn of his disgrace.
WARLIKE MOVE
OF SPANIARDS
Three Warships Sent to
Join the Torpedo
Flotilla.
Madrid Taking Advantage of
the Time Still at Her
Command.
Amerioan Flying Squadron May Be
Ordered to Intercept the
Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW I'ORK, March-30.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In di
rect contradiction of her promises to
peacefully settle the question existing
between herself and the United States
Spain to-day took an action having as
its object the re-enforcement of her fleet
in Cuban waters and the protection of
her torpedo-boat flotilla.
Minister Woodford informed the State
Department early this mor-ing that
the Spanish armored cruisers Cristobal
Colon and Infanta Maria Teresa and
the torpedo-boat destroyer Destructor
had. left Carthagena for an unknown
destination but when last seen they
were steaming to the wes'ward. Min
ister Woodford's information was ob
tained from the consular agent of the
United States at Carthagena, who, in
company with other consular officers of
this Government in Spain had been in
structed to report to the Minister all
movements of Spanish men-of-war.
As an offset to the Spanish movement
the strategic authorities of the Navy
Department are seriously contemplat
ing the issuance of orders to Commo
dore W. S. Schley, commanding the fly
ing -squadron, directing him to move
with his command down the coast to
Savannah or some other point which
will place him several hundred miles
nearer Porto Rico. Its first duty will
be to dispose, if possible, of the Span
ish, torpedo-boat flotilla, which will not
arrive at Porto Rico, it is officially es
timated, before April 7, and, when this
has been destroyed, the squadron will
turn its attention to the vessels which
left Spain to-day.
There is considerable speculation in
official naval circles as to the first
point at which the Cristobal Colon, the
Infanta Maria Teresa and the De
structor will touch, and it was sug
gested that they might proceed to
the Canaries and from that point sail
for the United States. What is, how
ever, considered* more probable by na
val experts is that the Spanish Gov
ernment, anticipating war, has sent
these vessels at th- ir highest rate of
speed to join the torpedo boat flotilla,
which, it is believed, is 1200 miles from
the Canaries, and therefore has 1400
miles to cover befure reaching Porto
Rico.
To comply with the plan of campaign
prepared by the department it is first
necessary to dispose of the flotilla, and
when this has been accomplished to
have the flying squadron give battle to
the Cristobal Colon, the Infanta Maria
Teresa and the Destructor and the de
feat, of these for^te will be much easier
and safer providing they can be met
separately. Combined they would make
a force which the flying squadron could
hardly meet with safety. This flotilla
consists of seven seagoing torpedo
boats, anil if re-enforced they would
have a destroyer of 386 tons and two of
the finest armored cruisers in the world
to aid them against an attacking force.
Comparing the Broo-klyn and Texas
with the Cristobal Colon and the In
fanta Maria Teresa, the ■authorities say
that the American ships would have a
most difficult task to come off victors,
but in view of the superiority of the
American sailors over those of Spain,
it is believed that an engagement be
tween the four ship 3 would result in
success for the ships flying the stars
and stripes. With the Cristobal Colon
and Infanta Maria Teresa re-enforced
by the Destructor and seven torpedo
boats, the latter composing the flo
tilla, it is appreciated that Commodore
Schley's squadron would have to be in
creased in order to gain a victory with
out any great difficulty.
It is the question of these contingen
cies that has caused the authorities to
discuss the advisability of having the
flying squadron leave Hampton Roads
"and drop down the coast to a point
nearer Porto Rico than their present
anchorage. If the torpedo boat flotilla
is to be destroyed before the armored
cruisers and the Destructor can re-en
force them this work will have to be
done by the armored cruiser Brooklyn
and the protected cruisers Columbia
and Minneapolis, leaving the battle
ship Massachusetts and the second
class battle-ship Texas join these ves
sels later.
The Brooklyn, Minneapolis and Co
lumbia could reach Porto Rico from
Hampton Roads in about seventy-five
hours and c^uld proceed on their way
to meet the flotilla In case it had not
reached Porto Rico up to the time of
their arrival. The Massachusetts and
Texas would not be able to reach Porto
Rico under five days.
On the other hand, the Spanish arm
ored cruisers and destroyers, it is esti
mated by the officials, can overtake the
torpedo-boat flotilla within six days
and possibly in less time. In view of
the belief of the authorities that the
Spanish naval officials, anticipating
trouble, directed the torpedo boats to
proceed with such deliberation that
they could be easily overtaken by re
enforcements, it is appreciated that it
would mean annihilation to the Brook
lyn, Columbia and Minneapolis to at
tack the combined force without sup
port from the Texas and Massachu
setts. The move of Spain in this mat
ter is. therefore, appreciated to have
been the result of careful thought and
every day of delay in bringing- matters
to an extreme issue will result in im
portant advantage to the Spanish navy.
"The trouble is," said an official to
me to-day, "we have delayed too long.
We ought to have begun the war by
March 1, at least, if we were to have
it."
WOUNDED BY A SHERIFF.
answering the description of a man who
committed a murder a few months ago at
Jumper Mine, Calaveras County, has for
ten days been haunting the hills and can
yons north of this city and terrorizing
the reßident3 of that sparsely settled sec
tion. Yesterday a posse of officers went
on his trail. Sheriff Getehell overhauled
him. He sprang over the banks of a
hydraulic mine and the Sheriff fired at
him, but he did not stop. This morning a
blood-stained boot with a bullet hoie.
showing that th« owner had been shot
through the heel, together with a quantity
of blankets and other stolen articles sup
posed to have been hidden by the fugitive,
were found. The mysterious stranger is
still at large.
Left His Bondsmen in the Lurch.
The city and county commenced suit
yesterday against M. C. Hayes of 1241
Market street and I. H. Tarn, r.n attorney,
to recover $1.-., the amount of a bond
given to insure the attendance in court
of Margaret Stevens, who wa.s arrested
on a charge of grand larceny. The woman
fled from the State after her release and
her bonds were declared forfeited.
PAY DAY AT
MARE ISLAND
Roll Will Be Bigger Next
Time the Date Comes
Around.
The Men at the Yard Will Be
Given One> Night's
Rest.
It Is Found That They Cannot Work
Day and Night Con
tinuously.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, March SO.— The navy
I yard is dark to-night. For the first
| time since the war scare gave such an
I impetus to the work there the night
! shift has been allowed to stay away.
! It was found that some of the men were
: breaking down, so it was decided to let
night work go for at least one night
in the week.
The steamer Modoc tied up at the
yartl this afternoon and took away the
| small guns of the Charleston, Phila
j delphia and Yorktown. They were
! taken up the river to Sacramento, and
I from there they will go by rail to the
Norfolk navy yard. It is supposed they
are destined for the mosquito fleet be
ing organized in the East.
The Monterey has taken all her stores
on board and it is expected she will
i leave for the city to-morrow. When she
• has gone the Monadnock will take her
I place at the quay wall and she, too,
j will have her magazines, store rooms j
j and bunkers filled. To-day wa,« pa/
day in" the construction department,
and during the noon hour the men lined
!up to receive therr money. There were
806 men paid off, involving an amount
close to $30,000. This number does not
represent all the men at work, for
there are over 200 more who did not go
!to work until after March 10. They will
] figure on the next payroll, which, it is
, expected, will be the largest the con
i struction department has ever had.
The old monitor Camanche was given
dock trial to-day and reports are that
she worked very satisfactorily. A gang
of men from the Monterey made steam
on her. and her engines were kept go
ing most of the afternoon.
LOCAL DEMOCRATS
OUT FOR WAR
Strong Resolutions Passed at
the Meeting of the Central
Club.
A Number of Auxiliary Com
mitteemon Are Ap
pointed.
The meeting of the Central Democratic
Club last evening was an unexpected suc
cess, both In point of numbers and en
thusiasm manifested. A feature of the
evening was the stirring resolutions
passed In relation to the impending inter
national crisis growing out of the Cuban
war and the sinking of the Maine. W. P.
Stradley made a short speech in which he
dwelt upon the existing state of affairs
in the island, and then presented the fol
lowing resolutions, which were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, The war now waging in the island
Of tuba between the armies of Spain and the
Cuban patriots has been conducted by the hpan
t«h monarchy in utter violation of all the
rules of civilizc-'l warfare and has now degen
erated into a deliberate and barbarous scene
of starvation and extermination; and whereas,
the Monroe doctrine, which has become a dis
tinctively American policy, to the enforcement
of which the faith and manhood of this coun
try stand pledged, forbids the Interference
of foreign powers in the affairs of any State
or nation on the Western Hemisphere; there-
Resolved, That Christian civilization and
common humanity alike demand the rigid en
forcement of said Monroe doctrine against the
Spanish monarchy to the end that the Cuban
patriots shall be what of right they ought to
be a free and independent people, and that. If
necessary, said policy shall be executed by
force of arms.
And whereas, the good battleship Maine
was, while peaceably at anchor in the
harbor of Havana, at a place designated
by the Spanish authorities, within the do
minion and under the control of the kingdom
of Spain, maliciously destroyed by a subma
rine mine and he brave sailors without a mo
ment's warning treacherously mangled and
murdered: therefore b& it
Resolved, That the United States should im
mediately demand full reparation for said gross
outrage at the hands of Spain and enforce the
same, if need be, with the armed forces of the
United States.
President Charles H. Holcomb intro
duced a resolution thanking Governor
Budd for his appointment of W. J. Biggy
to the office of Registrar.
The following well-known party work
ers were elected as an advisory board:
Barry Baldwin, Walter P. btradley. Dr.
Charles A. Clinton. Robert Ferral. Henry
C Gesford, Joseph Leggett, Captain G.
Krimphoff, James H. Barry, William
C Thfs was followed up by the" appoint
ment of a campaign committee, whose
power is further extended to the selecting
of one good and faithful Democrat from
each precinct in the city, which will be
looked to as an auxiliary working body.
The names of the campaign committee
are as follows: 'r-
Charles H. Holcomb, William Fahey,
E. L. Minnehan, Charles J. Canning, An
drew Olsen, James Mahoney Charles
Dever T E Treaoy, Charles Kiesel. J. D.
Power's John Flaherty, Thomas Martin:
Twtntv-eighth district, I* J. Conlon;
Twenty-ninth. James J. Maher: Thirtieth,
Mcx Greggains; Thirty-first Tim O. Con
nor- Thirty-second. Jcrtin J. Ryan; Tnirti
thir'd. Joseph Lehaney; Thirty-fourth,
Frank E. Mahoney; Thirty-fifth. James
Donahue: Thirty-sixth. M. G Sears: Thir
ty-seventh Frank Foley: Thirty-eighth,
C F Buckley; Thirty-ninth, William D.
Farren- Fortieth. James J. Harrison;
Fortv-tirst P J- Smith: Forty-second,
E J Reynolds; Forty-third William Ol
sen: Forty-fourth. Charles T. McCarthy;
Forty-fifth, F. Nobmann.
Having disposed of these little formali
ties, the speaker of the evening Reel B.
Terry, was introduced by R. L.- Mann,
the honorary chairman.
Mr Terry discoursed at considerable
length on the firm and determined diplo
macy of the much-lamented Jackaon as
compared with the weakness of the
present administration, which he called
"Hannaism." and which he said was gov
erned by the money-bags of the East.
The Central Club, having indorsed Con
gressman Maguire as the successor of
Jim Budd. a handsome tribute was paid
to the greatness of this coming Demo
cratic "lion." The club boasts of having
1000 members on the roll, all of whom
promise to support Mr. Maguire when- the
proper time comes.
MANSLAUGHTER CHARGED.
"Win. E. Humbert, a teamster, who was
recently charged with mayhem for hav
ing dTiven a brewery team over Mrs. M.
Kiep, of 422 Post street, was "booked last
evening at the City Prison by Officer
Hurd on a charge of manslaughter. Early
last evening Mrs. Klep died from her in
juries and the shock following a com
pound fracture of the tibia and fibula,
and in consequence the man was arrested
on Turk street at 7 o'clock. The arrested
man states th.it the accident, which has
resulted fatally, was no fault of his, and
he expressed his satisfaction when he
was released on his own recognizance by
Judge Conlan.
GEN. HARRISON
FAVORS ARMED
INTERVENTION
One of the Reasons Why He Will
Not Go Into the Cabinet
as Sherroan's Suc
cessor.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 30.— Benjamin Harrison left for the
Eastat 240 o'clock this afternoon. His sudden departure gave rise
to several rumors. One of these is that he may succeed John Sher
man as Secretary of State, and another is that he has been called
into conference with the President and the men who are trying to de
cide what the policy of the nation shall be at this time. The former
President with his usual reticence, refused to talk of his mission, but
his private secretary. E. F. Tibbott, assured Inquirers thtt the general
was going to New York on legal business. There was the further as-
Burance that a visit to Washington was not contemplated.
For several days the suggestion has been going the rounds In In
diana that it would be wisdom on the part of the President to Invite
General Harrison to become Secretary of State, and have the benefit
of his advice at this critical time, but whenever the suggestion has
been made in the presence of men who are acquainted with the former
President's views, the improbability of such a step has been pointed
out. It is stated by men who probably know that General Harrison
has not been in accord with the Cuban policy of the President, and
that under such circumstances he could not consider an offer to enter
the Cabinet. „ ,
"General Harrison has distinct views on this subject, said one of
his friends, "and without violating any confidence it may be stated
that if he had been in the President's chair something definite would
have been done before this time."
Ex-President Harrison, according to his closest friends, holds to the
belief that this nation ought to have driven Spain out of Cuba by this
time. He has been telUng his callers for two weeks that the time had
come for armed intervention.
DAN DE QUILLE
IS NO MORE
William "Wright Passes
Away in an lowa
Town.
Was a Contemporary of Mark
Twain in the Early Days
of Nevada.
Spent Thirty Years as a Local Writer
on the Territorial Enterprise
of Virginia City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIRGINIA CITY, March 30.— News
has just reached here that William
Wright (Dan De Quille) died at the
home of his daughter at West Lafay
ette, lowa, on March 16. He was one
of the Comstock pioneers, arriving here
in 1859, and mined in Gold Canyon, near
Johntown, Lyon County. During his
sojourn there he furnished mining and
other Items for the Comstock papers.
Wright began his journalistic career
as a local writer on the Territorial En
terprise in 1860 and held- that position
continuously for nearly thirty years.
He was associated at various times
with writers who subsequently attain
ed celebrity, among them were Mark
Twain, 'R. M. Daggett and C. C. Good
win. In 1876 he resigned his position
for a few months and went to the home
of his former associate, Mark Twain,
where he revised material for a volume
issued that year entitled, "Big Bonan
za," the funds for which were furnish
ed by John W. Mackay. The book
proved a poor investment, as the con
tents related exclusively to men promi
nent in the history of Nevada, the
Comstock Lode and the State mining
industry; therefore it was devoid of
general interest.
From 1876 until 1888 Wright was em
ployed as local writer on the Enter
prise, and about the latter date he en
tered the field of romance, writing short
stories for popular magazines and syn
dicate letters for various publications.
Becoming too feeble to continue his
literary work, he left for his daughter's
home last fall, where his busy life
ended.
He possessed an inexhaustible fund
of material gathered in his long jour
nalistic career, was a marvelously pro
lific writer of deep scientific knowledge
and had the faculty of investing com
monplace matter with interest.
Through all of his productions a quaint
vein of humor is discernible.
PUTATIVE. CHILDREN
OF KASSON DEFEATED.
STOCKTON, March 30.— Kasson
will case, over which there has been such
a great legal struggle, in which so many
lawyers have been engaged on both sides
arid during which there have been so
many sensations, was decided in favor of
the defense by Judge Jones to-day. The
case was submitted without argument,
and the decision defeats George W. Tindy
and Mrs. Mann, who alleged that they
were legitimate children of Kasson, the
deceased capitalist.. There was more than
$500,000 involved 1 in the case." :
After all the evidence was in this after
noon the attorneys for the claimants
moved for a, continuance, and created a
sensation by reading affidavits: stating
that i they could 'prove by the court rec
ords of St. Louis that no divorce was
granted to Mary A. Kasson between 1847
and 1573.' Numerous witnesses in Los An
geles. Arkansas and Missouri were named
by whom they could prove that the testi
mony of Mrs. Malloy was untrue that
she had children and that r she" was not
the Mary Hayden who married George
M. Kasson. v ■ ...-i^ ' '
' The motion for a continuance was de
nied, and this, may furnish sufficient
ground for a , new trial.
■ ■ ■ . - — ♦ 7— ":.
DOGS HELD A RECEPTION.
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Aristocratic dogs
held a reception to-day at the Turn
Verein Hall, at which a large number of
spectators were present. The occasion
was the opening of the second annual
bench show of the Santa Clara Valley
Poultry and Kennel Club, in combination
with the California Collie Club. About'
200 canines of all breeds, color and sizes
are exhibited. Most of the noted prize
winners on the coast are entered, and the
fanciers were loud in their praise of the
show.
Among notable exhibits shown, are
The Modern Generation of Men.
Physically men are. better to-day than ever
before. Our college youth are, as a general
thing, magnificent specimens. The constitu
tionally weak and nervous, though they may
never become athletes, can greatly increase
their strength and restore tranquillity to the
nervous system by the efficient aid of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which also removes ma
larial, kidney, dyspeptic and bilious trouble.
Charles R. Harker's Rose Lodge kennels
of St.' Bernards and the Verona kennels
of collies exhibited by Mrs. Phebe
Hearst. Judging is being* done by C. D.
Cairn of Ballston, Or. The exhibit will
continue the balance of the week. The
list of awards will be given out to
morrow.
McCarthy Will Not Hang.
SAN QUENTIN, March SO.— Dennis Mc-
Carthy, the murderer of George Fox of
Santa Rosa, will not expiate his crime on
the gallows at San Quentin on Friday,
April 8, the date set for his execution.
Governor Budrl has, upon the recommen
dation of State Physicians F. W. Hatch
of the Stockton Insane Asylum, EL M.
Osborn of the Glen Ellen Home for
Feeble-minded and A, M. Gardener of«the
Napa Insane Asylum, commuted the sen
tence of death to life imprisonment, with
out hope of future pardon.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOBDEBS
such a3 Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness.- Fulness after meals, Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, L 033 of Appetite. .Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. ..Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling ■ Sensations.
THE FIBST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo '- ~~-* 1 i^w'n-x—
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys- .
tern and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion \
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the ''
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent medicine In the World,
25c. at all Drug Stores.
TOALASKA
. To the first six men who apply to-day
and buy a full outfit for the Klondike as
mentioned in yesterday's Call, we will sell
tickets on the
STEAMER HIIMBOLDT
At half rate, $25. Best 'show in the worfd
to get to Dyea or Skaguay. Apply with
this notice in hand to SMITHS' CASH
STORE, 25-27 Market street, San Fran-
cisco,. Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., March 30. IS9S. ">
Received , from Smiths' Cash Store one
second-class ticket on steamer Humboldt,
value $50, free of : charge, in accordance
with advertised announcement in news-
paper of this date; outfit having been fur-
nished me at regular rate without ■ in-
creased cost therefor. H.H. KELLER. .
Druggist CATARRH
: : i for a genenJus . _b*«s»~^'"-«^wifc%
1O CENT iOty'sli
TRIAL SIZE. Pfe^WSl
ELY'S BwnSffeJj
CREAM BALM ||^ /MM
contains no cocaine, mer-KflHhr"^
cury or any other injurious svjS?3,^^sJ-^«ot
It opens and cleans theWiar^V>* x^ M "\Jq
Nasal ■ Passages, Allays ._, _ .;.-_
Pain i and Inflammation, Pf\l [\ ' 1 1 P. 1 n
Heals and Protects the InHrAII
Membrane. UU LU 111 it LHU
Restores ; the Senses = of
Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at <-.nee. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mall;
Trial Slzv. 10c. -at Drugrglsts or by mail. ■
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren. St.. New York.
DR.MCNULTI
T'HI.S V.-Kr.L KNOWN AND RKLIABLXC 01.1 l
sixt-iulJKt cnrr*l*rlvatp,Neivous, mood Skin
Diseases of Me;, only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years" experience. Rend for Book, tree Patients
cured at Home. .Terms reasonable.- Hours, 9 to 8
dally ;6:3o toB.3ocv'srs. : Rjnday*, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly couddeuti&L. Cail or address
I*. ROSCOE JIeSCLTY, 31. ».,
aSM Keamr Street. Kan FranclMo. ral
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S «*•■«
JSm Museum of Anatomy
I^flsv :05: ST - **• 4 7tt, S. F. Oil.
8 ZjL*. ft The Large is of JU kind to tin Wotl*.
i™l\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
»u^*H 'ML ' Con »Bltat!»ii free. TVr»t» Tor B«oi ;. ■ ,
(I I hi| osophy of : Marriage.
~ *" ••■- MAILED FUEC.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ÜBE DAMIANA BITTERS. T&R
great Mexican Remedy: gives be*ltb *ad
strength .to the ■ sexual or sans. ' I^SiREED IS
NO LONGER
THE CZAR
Holds the House of Rep=
pesentatives in Check
for One Day.
It Is Upon the Promise That
There Will Be Speedy Action
in Cuba's Behalf.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 30.
A wild and uproarious scene occurred
frn the Kouse to-day when Mr. Bailey,
the Democratic leader, attempted to
force the hand of the Republicans upon
a proposition to overrule the Speaker
and pass a resolution recognizing the
independence of the Cuban republic. He
■was cheered on by the crowded galler
ies, but the members of the majority
refused to support him.
Many of them sympathized with the
purpose of the resolution, Mr. Hull,
chairman of the Military Committee,
going so far as to indorse the propo
sition under the impression that it pro
vided for a declaration of war, but most
of the radicals, and who yesterday
were in fdvor of any sort of revolution
ary method, had been won over to the
policy of sticking to the party organi
zation and refusing to do anything un
til the initiative came from their side.
They were rallied by two of the lead
ing advocates of armed intervention.
The Speaker himself from the
chair made an indirect appeal to his
party associates to stand firm, at the
same time intimating that if their
impatience was curbed a little longer
they would have the opportunity
they coveted.
When the vote was taken only two
Republican*, Messrs. Achison and Rob
bins of Pennsylvania, broke, from the
party lines. About a dozen more sat
in th°ir seats and refused to vote.
The scene throughout was most dra
matic and members and spectators in
the galleries wore wrought up to a high
pitch of excitement. Several times,
later in the day, during the considera.
tion of the naval bill, whenever the
Cuban question was broached, the
members swarmed around the Speaker
and the galleries cheered. This was
especially the cas%when Mr. Cummings
of New York spoke. Mr. Boutelle, who
objected to a request for extension of
his time, was hissed. The only im
■.t ".-■!'<•, i on the naval bill to-day
was the refusal of the chair to sustain
a point of order against the provision
for a floating steel dock at Algiers, La.
The storm broke immediately after
the reading of the journal, when Mr.
Bailey, the Democratic leader, demand
ed recognition as a matter of privilege
and offered a resolution. A profound
F-ensation followed. Members rose en
J|-.;isse all over the House. No one knew
ft' hat the resolution contained, but all
Knew it related to the aJI-absorbing
topic of Cuba-
Evans (R.) of Kentucky interposed
to declare that a pension bill coming
over from last night was in order and
amid Intense excitement the Speaker,
with white, stern face, held that the
regular order was the consideration of
the pension bill, which he directed the
clerk to read.
While it was being read, Mr. Bailey
requested that the resolution be sent
back to him. As soon as the pension
bill was passed he was again on his
feet demanding recognition. But Mr.
Eoutelle, chairman c-f the Naval Affairs
Committee, was also calling for recog
nition and the Speaker recognized him,
pausing amid the clamor and confusion
to inform Mr. Bailey calmly that his
rights would be respected.
Mr. Boutelle then moved that the
House go into committee of the whale
and resume the consideration of the na
val appropriation bill.
"Pending that motion," announced
the Speaker, "the gentleman from
Texas says he desires to present a
privileged question. The gentleman
will state it."
Mr. Bailey then offered the resolu
tion for the recognition of the inde
pendence of Cuba, as follows:
Resolved, By the Senate and House
of Representatives, that the heroic
struggle of the Cuban people against
the force of arms and the horrors of
famine has shown them worthy to be
free; and,
Resolved, That the United States
hereby recognizes the republic of
Cuba as an independent State.
The reading was listened to amid si
lence profoundly impressive, and at its
conclusion cheer after cheer was given
from the galleries and the floor. The
Republican side was ominously silent.
The Speaker rapped vigorously for or
der and warned the galleries that no
demonstrations would be allowed.
Mr. Boutelle immediately made the
point of order that the resolution was
n&t privileged and upon that Mr. Bailey
demanded to be heard. He said the
subject with which the resolution dealt
was too serious and the occasion too
Important to be hastily disposed of. He
Insisted that he had a ritrht to present
the resolution under the rules and
rulings and the responsibility must rest
with the majority if it was ruled out of
order, and the ruling sustained.
He called attention to the fact that
in the Fifty-third Congress, when Mr.
Crisp was Speaker. Mr. Boutelle, who
now made the point of order that this
resolution was not privileged, presented
a resolution of a similar character re
lating to Hawaii, which the Speaker
held was privileged, but must go to
committee. Against that latter ruling
an appeal was taken and the whole Re
publican side had voted against tabling
the appeal. Whon ho said that at the
head of a list of distinguished Repub
licans who voted on that occasion was
the honorable Speaker of this House j
the Democrats went into rapturous ap
plause.
Meantime the confusion was great.
The Republican leaders were evidently
rallying their forces. Hull, chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, who
was one of the prime factors in the
movement for prompt and vigorous ac
tion on the Republican side, came for
ward with a strong appeal to Republi
cans not to be carried off their feet.
At the outset he acknowledged that
his sympathies were with the resolu
tion (which it appeared afterward, he
believed at that time contained a de
claration of war) but he argued that
I lid not present a'question of higher
vilege than the consideration of an
Dropriation bill. We could have war,
said, whenever we wanted it. A
olution declaring war was a privi
e, he admitted.
L?ut this is not a resolution declar
j war," interposed Bland. "It is a
resolution recognizing the independence
of Cuba, which does not necessarily in
lilve war."
'If the resolution falls short of that,"
plied Hull, "and I did not hear It
lly read — if it falls short of that
Int, it is not operative and to my
md it does not present any question
privilege at all. As I have always
id, I am in favor of this Government
tervening at the very earliest date
iless conditions change materially, so
at they will insure the liberty of Cu
bans and a cessation of the deplorable
conditions that prevail in that island at
this time. (Applause on the Republi
can side.)
"I am in favor of that principle, and
state now and here that I will go as
far as any man on this floor for the
.purpose of preserving the rights of the
struggling patriots in their heroic ef
forts on that island; (applause on the
Republican side); and I am in favor of
the United States controlling the des
tinies of this continent and saying to
Spain that she must get out of the
western hemisphere."
Mr. Terry (D.) of Arkansas argued
that a question involving a matter of
privilege was, in fact, one for the House
to decide.
While he was speaking tli9 Re
publicans were conferring. The lead
ers were circulating among them and
such confusion resulted that JLt.
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas raised a
laugh amid the excitement by ask
ing for orders among the "Speaker's
reconcentrados. "
Mr. Hopkins (R.) of Illinois, another
of the Republicans who openly favors
armed intervention, called attention to
the distinction between the resolution
in the precedent recited by Mr. Bailey
and the present resolution. In the
former resolution it was contended that
the dignity of the House had been in
fringed upon by the executive. There
was no such contention here. Contin
uing he appealed to his colleagues to
rally to the support of the Speaker.
The Republican members knew, he
said, that within a brief time action
would be had, so that there was no ne-
Plty for resorting to revolutionary
lods.
nid profound silence the Speaker
"made his ruling. He spoke in de
ate, distinct and emphatic tones
decided that the resolution was not
privileged in the following ruling:
A question of privilege which concerns
the House is one whicn concerns the ex
ercise of its functions in accordance with
the principles which govern parliamen
tary bodies. Every parliamentary body
has to have rules for its government,
otherwise it would have ro government
at all, and upon adherence to these rules
depends its success as a parliamentary
body. The rights of the House under the
constitution are in no way to be con
founded with privileges of the House and
of every member of it in me sense this
j matter is presented here to-day. Congress
j has certain powers conferred upon it, and
jin the exercise of those powers each
House is governed by its rules. It is au
thorized expressly by the constitution to
make rules, and without the authorization
of the constitution it would be at liberty
to make rules. These rules are the pro
tection of the rights of the House. Now
it would be noticed in the constitution, if
any gentleman will turn to it, that there
are certain powers conferred upon Con
gress, the power to declare war, the
•power to legislate for the general welfare
and a series of other enumerated powers.
[ No man up to this date has for an in
stant pretended or suggested that because
Congress ha.s the right to pass laws upon
certain topics that proposals for these
laws become questions of privilege; never
before, except once, and the chair will
present the decision to the House. The
same language is used with reference to
our relations with foreign nations that is
used with reference to tlie creation of the
courts of law and all other power which is
concerned.
It is a legislative power and is exercised
under the constitution by rules adopted
IV each body. This i.« the preliminary
idea that we ought to have in regard to
this matter. J}ut this proposition in re
gard to the war, or about recognition, or
[ any of thosr- subjects which may or may
not be within our purview, do not become
questions of privilege at all because we
have a right to pass upon them, because
that would make everything a question of
privilege and end by making nothing a
question of privilege. Now let us see
what this is founded on. This is a mat
ter that we should not have given any an
swer to, except in times of interest, not
to say excitement. The gentleman from
Maine (Boutelle) some time ago presented
to Speaker Crisp a proposition which had
in it certain elements charging that the
executive was interfering with some of
the rights and privileges of the legisla
tive body. The Speaker ruled that it was
a question of privilege, and you will per
ceive that it is entirely different from the
present proposition, has no aspect like it
at all; not the faintest resemblance to it;
but, the Speaker ruled that that was a
privileged question. He also ruled that,
being a privileged question, it should go
to a committee.
Well, now, to that doctrine the chair
has always been opposed, and the ques
tions, as members will see by turning to
the Record, that were put to the House
were on that part of the Speaker's de
cision as to whether it should go to
committee or no, and if it appears, as t
gentleman from Texas says. I voted o
that subject, I voted according to m
rights and voted against it. But he ha
omitted to state to you that this oth
question, the same question almost, w«
put before Speaker Crisp, and by hi
promptly decided to be out of o*rder.
an earlier day, on the 30th of July, 1894.
The gentleman from Maine (Mr. Bo
telle) demanded its immediate consider
tion as presenting a privileged questio
and the gentleman from Missouri, an o
and experienced member (Mr. Dockerj
made the point of order that the resol
tion was not privileged, daughter an
applause on the Republican side.] We
now, as a matter of course, the Speak
sustained the point— and that is precise
this question.
Bailey — May I inquire of the chair if
there was any appeal taken on the de
cision of the chair?
The Speaker — There was no appeal.
It was too clear for an appeal even.
(Laughter and applause from the Re
publican side.)
Bailey immediately appealed from
the decision of the chair.
In putting the question on the ap
peal. Speaker Reed made the follow-
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL., THUBSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
ing significant and impressive state-
ment:
As far as any question arising out
of this matter is concerned, the
chair has not the slightest doubt that
the wisdom of the House, which has
always been able to arrive at im
portant questions in a suitable way,
will get at them at a speedy time for
the occasion. (Applause on Republi
can side.)
Bailey— ln reply to that suggestion,
which was not a part of the decision,
of course. I understand that it was
made to hold oui friends on the other
side and I venture to .say
At this point Boutejle moved that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
The division was eagerly awaited.
The Republicans arose en masse when
the Speaker called for the ayes. The
Democrats, who anxiously surveyed the
solid phalanx, for a sign of a break,
were disappointed. A solid minority
voted against the Republicans. The
division resulted, 180 ayes to 130 noes.
As soon as the result was announced
the ayes and noes were demanded and
the roll was called, resulting: Ayes,
180; noes, 139. On the roll call two
Republicans, Atcheson and Robbins of
Pennsylvania, voted vith the Demo
crats.
The Republicans enthusiastically ap
proved their victory with a round of
applause.
A parliamentary wrangle followed
over an attempt of Mr. Bailey to ap
peal from what he contended was a
ruling of the chair.
The House then went into committee
of the whole and resumed consideration
of the naval appropriation bill. Mr.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois, chairman of the
Appropriations Committee, made a
point of order against the paragraph
authorizing the construction of a float
ing steel drydock at Algiers, La. The
chair overruled the point of order.
From time to time during the after
noon the Cuban question was brought
forward and aroused intense feeling.
Wheeler (D.) of Alabama said this
morning- that the country had been
stirred u^ by the announcement that
the Republicans had at last revolted
and action was to be taken. To-mor
row the --merlean people would be hu
miliated when they found that the Re
publicans of the House had joined the
temporizir>' -^olicy which was betraying
the American Government and the
American name.
Cummin gs (D.) of New York —
How much time would it require, re
garding the prospective alliance be
tween the Government of Spain and
the United States, to put down the
patriots of CubaP (Great applause in
the galleries.)
"With my head bowed In humilia
tion," reolied Wheeler, "I have watched
how matters have gone, but I do not
believe the administration will go so
far as to extend a friendly hand to the
murderers of the sailors of the Maine
and the patrit +s of Cuba." (Renewed
I applause.)
Cummings. speakinr to an amend
ment, aroused the galleries to a high
pitch of enthusiasm.
"That there will be war between this
j country and Spain ' he said "is indi
cated by every pulsation of the popu
! lar heart to-day. I have received from
! my own constituents this batch of let
ters in one mail, asking me why my
voice is silent at this time, asking me
j why, after I have visited Cuba and
know the facts, I remain silent. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I shall not vote for any
$400,000 appropriation to feed the recon-
I centrados of Cuba until this Govern
i ment explicitly says to Bianco and to
1 Sagasta: 'Repeal your Weyler order,
i which is starving these people.' (Ap
plause.) There is the place to take
the initiative. Make them repeal the
murderous orders of Weyler. From
even a Spanish standpoint or a Wey
ler standpoint it is no longer necessary
that th^t order should continue in
force. It is an utter impossibility, un
less they bring their provisions wirh
them, for Gomez and Garcia to march
into the western provinces of Cui>a_
j Therefore I say that the initiative
! should be peremptorily demanded by
this Government for the repeal of the
Weyler order. When that is done feejl
the reconcentrados if you please. First
give them homes, give them plows, give
them oxen. And in God's name, send
them back to the blackened ashes of
their homes and give them the oppor
tunity to raise provisions for them
selves." (Applause.)
Mr. Boutelle objected to an extension
of Cumrnings' time beyond the five
minute limit and was hissed by the gal
leries.
Without reaching the provisions re
lating to the increase in the navy the
committee rose and at 6:05 o clock the
House adjourned.
ALLEN'S RESOLUTION
GOES TO COMMITTEE
It Will Take Its Course Along With
the Other Cuban Matters Now
Before the Senate.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Permis
i sion was granted by the Senate to-day
! for the Foreign Relations Committee
■ to sit during the sessions of the Sen
: ate. Following this action the resolu
; tion providing for the recognition of
' the independence of Cuba, introduced
I yesterday by Mr. Allen of Nebraska
! was, at the request of Mr. Frye of
I Maine, referred to the Foreign Rela
tions Committee without debate. Be
yond these two points no reference was
made by the Senate to the Cuban ques
tion. Mr. Caffery of Louisiana con
cluded his speech on the national quar
antine bill after which the measure
making further provision for a civil
government of Alaska was passed.
~ —
LIEUTENANT HELM TO
CAPTAIN THE ALACIA.
Commander of the Purvey Steamship
Qedney Ordered to the
East.
Late last night Lieutenant J. .' M.
| Helm, commanding" the coast survey
steamer Gedney, and Ensign H. M.
Wiley, attached to the same vessel, re
ceived telegraphic orders from head
quarters commanding the former to
leave at once for New York to take
command of the Alacia, the steam
yacht recently purchased from Plagler
to be used as a torpedo and dispatch
boat, and the latter to take the first
train for WasWngton, where he is di
rected to report for orders.
When the orders were received the
news traveled like wild fire through the
wardrooms of all the naval and coast
survey vessels at Mare Island and in
the bay. Officers from other craft in
the near vicinity came aboard, , and,
while regarding the preparations for
departure with envious eyes, congrat
ulated the two lucky ones on their good
fortune.
The Alacia, which Lieutenant Helm
will command, is rated as a first-class
steam yacht. She is 180 feet in length
and has a speed of seventeen knots. -,
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. March "o.— Tho New
Orleans winter racing season closed to
day. Track heavy.
Seven furlongs, selling, Iriim Lady won,
Henrica second, Vannessa third. Time
1:33.
Six furlongs, selling— Halton won, Med
dler second. High Test third. nn m c, j : i 9.
Two miles— Royal Choice won, Swords
man second, Billy McKenzie third. Time,
3 42
Handicap, six furlongs— Pat Alorrissey
won, Carlotta C second, Uncas third
Time— l:l7.
One mile— Jim Conway won, C. S. Bush
second, Leasman third. Time, 1:60.
One mile — Correlli won, Tewanda secor.d.
Forget Not third. Time, l:43Vi.
SPUN SEEKING
AID IN EUROPE
Sends a Note to the
Powers on the Ameri
can Trouble.
France Is Ready to Make a
Move to Assure
Peace.
It Is Only Necessary for the United
States to Signify Its
Willingness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 30.
It was stated to-day in a high dip
lomatic quartc. that the 7 >anish Gov
ernment within the last ten days had
addressed v te to the great powers
of Europe fully setting forth the grave
aspect of the controversy with the
United States and at least ' 'ergntially
suggesting that the time iS now op
portune for European influences to be
exerted. It is sa' " that this note led to
the utterance of Premier Hanotaux in
the French Chamber last Saturday and
has been the cause of activity at Eu
ropean capitals within the last few
days in connection with Spanisn-
American affairs. Up to the present
time, however, no actual step toward
mediation or intervention has been
taken by any foreign pow-r, although
there is little d >übt that France stands
ready to take >c initiative if there ia
the slightest evidence that the United
States Government will view such a
move with favor. The French Embas
sador at Washington, M. Cambon. has
received no definite instructions direct
ing him to tender the good offices oi
France. At the same time the Em
bassador. taking the cue from the re
marks of Premier Hanotaux, has called
on Judge Day and has said that if this
Government at any time feels that the
French Government can aid in avert
ing the present crisis and maintaining
peace he has no doubt that France will
readily undertake to exert such good
offices as will be acceptable to both
powers. This, as stated, is not a formal
tender by the French Government, for
as yet the French Embassador has re
ceived no positive instructions, but it
clearly indicates the tendency and wil
lingness of France to act as mediator
in the present emergency at any mo
ment. It is probable that the sugges
tions ha- c not taken a more formal
form owir"- to the delicate character
of such overtures.
A tender of good offices is one of the
last resorts of diplomacy, when all
other means of averting war seem to
be at an end. There is additional dif
ficulty from the fact that when two
nations are involved in a crieis any-ex
ternal influence may be resented as an
intrusion. There is reason to believe
that the French authorities are fully
conscious of these delicate and difficult
phases and that no F r «?p will be made
unless it is clearly apparent in advance
that the United States desires the
friendly office?? of other nations.
The Spanish Government has earn
estly hoped within the last week that
sony- of the European powers and more
likely Austria or France, would take
the initiative without waiting to con
sult the desires of this Government.
This hope has proved vain, however,
and it is said to-day on high author
ity that recent negotiations in Europe
have disclosed positively that while
the sympathy of some of the continen
tal powers was toward Spain, no one
of them stood ready to espouse her
cause by mediation or by arms. Most
has been expected of Austria, owing
to the dynastic relations between Aus
tria and Spain.
Up to the present time, however,
Austria has not felt ready to take the
initiative. The reports from Vienna
last night that the Austrian Minister
of Foreign Affairs. Count Goluchowski,
had instructed the Austrian represen
tative at Washington to co-operate in
the steps to be taken by France, are
not borne out by any actual develop
ments which have thus far occurred
here. The Austrian Minister has not
been at the State Department the pres
ent week nor have any suggestions in
this line been received by the State De
partment from him. It is a passing
coincidence that the French Embassa
dor, the Austrian Minister and the
Spanish Minister are more closely asso
ciated together than any other diplo
mats in the case.
FOUGHT OUT
EIGHT ROUNDS
Mike McCormick and Joe Kane
Before the Excelsior
Club.
It Was a Draw, Both the Contestants
Being Exhausted at the
End.
Mike McCormick of Pennsylvania and
Joe Kane of the Excelsior Athletic Club
fought an eight-round draw last night in
the Excelsior Club rooms on the corn*) •
of Folsom and Eighth streets. It was a
lively bout from start to finish, and had
there been two rounds more it is certain
that one of the contestants would have
"gone out." Both of^ them were weak
when the gong sounded the end of the
eighth round and Jimmy Lawler, who act
ed as referee, properly decided the fight
a draw. Kane made a good showing, con
sidering the fact that he had only beer
training for four days, having been se
lected to take the place of Pat Lynch,
who was to have met McCormick. Lynch
was taken sick about a week ago and
Kane was substituted.
McCormick started to rush things in the
first round, but a stiff right punch on the
mouth caused him to cool down. He
found before the end of the round that
Kane was not partial to blows over the
kidneys. From that time on to the end
of the contest he kept up a continual
hammering over Kane's kidneys.
Kane, on the other hand, was looking
to plant a knockout blow on McCormick's
jaw with his right. He landed time and
again, but did not have steam enoi gh be
\hind the blows to floor McCormick. One
round was a repetition of the preceding
one, but the work told on both contes
tants. When they squared off at the be
ginning of the eighth round they were
both in bad condition, and had either of
them gone down there would have been
a different ending to the contest.
J. J. Hourigan acted as master of cere
monies, and Harry F. McGurren as offi
cial timekeeper.
Preceding the "main event" there were
several friendly bouts between Jimmy
Lawler and Jack Dalle, Jim Webster and
Jack King. Jack Gorman and Charles
Rapp, Tom Devine and Willie Otts; Jack
Sullivan and Billy Lawler. Joe Hansen
sang several songs, and Louis Solomon
gave an exhibition of his abilities as a
contortionist.
Twenty-five per cent of the popula
tion of England have their lives in
sured.
WAITING UPON
THE PRESIDENT
Republican Congressmen
Agree to Give Him
Until Monday.
There Has Been a Definite
Understanding Reached
All Around.
The End cf It All Will Be the
Freedom of the Suffering
Cubans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— The Re
publicans of the House who are ag
gressively in favor of prompt and ener
getic action in the Cuban matter and
who met last night in conference held
another meeting after the House ad
journed to-night. At last night's meet
ing forty-six members were present.
To-night they were re-enforced by sixty
nine, making a total of 115. This con
stitutes considerably more than a ma
jority of the Republicans of the House
and the members present to-night said
that it by no means represents the full
strength of those who will be satisfied
with nothing short of complete inde
pendence of Cuba. Many of the radi
cals favor armed intervention, and a
few, like Representative March of Illi
nois, believe the blowing up of the
Alaine is a casus belli.
The speeches at to-night's meeting,
While vigorous and yielding nothing.
were nevertheless in favor of giving
the President an opportunity to iracure
his policy and of completing the nego
tiations in which he is now engaged.
Many of the leaders in the movement,
including Mr. Hopkins of Illinois, Mr.
Hull of lowa, Mr. Tawney of Minnesota,
Mr. Bromwell of Ohio, Mr. Hepburn of
lowa and W. A. Smith of Michigan, saw
the President to-day and all lie asked
was a brief delay. Action hy Con
gress before the pending negotiations
are completed, he told them, would em
barrass him and might result in a com
plete rupture.
Mr. Hull and Mr. Bromwell and oth
ers explained the situation to the con
ference. They counseled acquiescence
in the President's desires. A rupture
with the administration was greatly to
be deplored and should, they argued,
only occur as a last resort. They in
formed the conference that the Presi
dent had said that the negotiations j
now in progress would either fail or be i
successful by the end of the week. He !
believed they would be successful. He !
did not indicate their nature, they said,
and they pointed out that it would be
manifestly ruinous for the details to be ■
made public at this time. They said
further that the President informed
them that he would, in the event of !
the failure of the negotiations, place
the whole subject before Congress and
share with it the responsibility for
what might follow.
Adams of Pennsylvania, the ranking
member of the Foreign Affairs Commit
tee in the absence of Hitt, explained j
that the sentiment of the committee j
was strongly against further delay al- i
though he himself was a conservative. ;
But he said the committee were will- '
ing to defer to the wishes of the Presl- i
dent and no action would be taken at i
the meeting to-morrow. On Monday, j
however, if a solution had not been pre
viously reached, action would be had.
All the members present professed
ignorance of the detail^ of the Presi
dent's plans and negotiations, although
several said the President assured them
that If successful they would, he
thought, be satisfied.
While these different reports were
made to the conference, they were un
official, and the conference decided at
last to appoint a committee of eleven
to wait upon the President to-morrow
and explain their views of the situa
tion, the committee to report at a
meeting to be held to-morrow night.
The committee appointed consisted of
the following: Messrs Hopkins and
Lorimer of Illinois, Joy of Missouri.
Sulloway of New Hampshire, Cooper of
Wisconsin, Arnold of Pennsylvania,
Mercer of Nebraska, Knox of Massa
chusetts, Faris of Indiana, Hager of
lowa and Smith of Michigan.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Appointments and
Pensions for Veterans.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Lieutenant
Frank Greene, Signal Service, will report
in person to Colonel Marcus P. Miller,
Third Artillery, president of the examin
ing: board appointed to meet at the Pre
sidio, San Francisco, at such time as he
may be required by the board for exam
ination as to his fitness for promotion.
Lieutenant Frank O. Ferris, First In
fantry, is detailed as recorder of the ex
amining' board, convened at the Presidio,
vice First Lieutenant Charles D. Palmer,
Eighth Artillery, who is hereby relieved
— to take effect upon the completion of
the cases now under consideration by the
board. By direction of the Secretary of
War, Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt, ord
nance department, will make four visits
to the works of the California Powder
Company, Santa Cruz, Cal., on official
business" in connection with the inspection
of powder.
A postofflce was established to-day at
Calabasas, Cal. Frank B. Perret was ap
pointed Postmaster.
Henry Z. Osborne of the Los Angeles
Express arrived nere to-night.
Pensions: California: Original— Hollis
H. Amidon, Hemet. *»• William H. Nor
wood, Go-den Gate, $6. Increase — Samuel
M Riggle. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$6 to $12; Willard S. Kyle, Pasadena, $24
to $30. Original widows, eta— Caroline
Heydenrich, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon: Original— James Savage, Rose
burg, $6. Original widows, etc.— Matilda
J Stringham, University Park, $8.
Washington: Original— Joseph Nevil,
Pomeroy, $12; Orville F. Parmeter, Spo
kane $8; Solomon R. Allred Centralia,
$8. Original widows, etc.— Marisa J. Rudd,
Seattle, $8.
SAYS ALASKA SHOULD
HAVE SELF-GOVERNMENT
Governor Brady Declares the Terri
tory Is Not Granted Its Just
Consideration.
SEATTLE, March 30.— Governor John
G. Brady, of Alaska, who arrived in this
city this morning, will depart to-morrow
for New York and go thence to Washing
ton. There he will labor with members
of Congress in the effort to obtain what
ho considers just and equitable laws for
Alaska. The Governor expressed him
self to-night in terse language. Said he:
"The principle of local self-government
js violated in the case of Alaska. The
p«;ople of that territory have no voice
whatever in the construction of laws that
are to govern them. The cities are denied
the right to form municipal corporations
for the purpose of governing themselves.
Laws are framed by men who have never
stt foot in Alaska, and who are utterly
unfamiliar with conditions there. The
people of the United States should know
that Alaska is now being settled by men
from everj' State in the Union— by a
hardy, intelligent, law-abiding and self
reliant element of the common people.
For these people due consideration should
be paid to gain their wishes in the meet
ing of the laws through which they are
to bo governed."
SENATORS
WAIT FOR
McKINLEY
Nothing Done Yesterday
With the Resolutions
of Tuesday.
The President Has Given Assur
ances Here, Too, That the
Independence of Cuba
Will Be Secured.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— The Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations
held two sessions to-day and adjourned
a few minutes before 5 o'clock without
reaching any agreement. Commander
Bradford of the Bureau of Equipment
was before the committee for several
hours more, giving expert testimony
as to the relative strength of the navies
of the United States and Spain, and
also advocating the purchase of the is
land of St. Thomas of the Danish West
Indies as a naval station.
The committee, as a result of its
session, agreed to postpone the comple
tion of the committee's work on the Cu
ban situation for a few days, in order
to afford time to the President to con
tinue his diplomatic negotiations with
the Spanish authorities. This conces
sion was the result of a request made
directly to members of the committee
by the President and it was granted by
the entire committee, without any mur
mur or dissent.
Previous to this action on the part of
the committee, the President had been
frankly informed that neither the com
mittee nor the Senate would be dis
posed to acquiesce in any agreement
for an armistice. This opposition is
understood to have been made clear on
behalf of the joint Republican and
Democratic steering committees of the
Senate, and It is understood to have
been met by the President with the re-
sponse that this Government would not
press the matter.
The President freely admitted to all
visiting Senators that the negotiations
with Spain were rapidly approaching a
crisis, and said he felt quite confident
that a conclusion would be reached b>
Friday night at the latest. He asked j
that in view of this fact no action be j
taken by either house until after that
time, or until the present negotiations
could be brought to a close.
The actual proceedings of the com
mittee to-day consisted of a general ex
change of views concernir- the situ
ation and the proper course to be pur
sued by the committee of the reference
of the various Cuban resolutions to a
sub-committee; of the reading of part
of the testimony of the Maine Court
of Inquiry, and of the examination of
Commander Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment. There is a reso
lution pending before the committee
providing for the opening of negotia
tions for the acquisition of the Island
of St. Thomas, in the West Indies, from
Denmark, and the disposition of the
committee, after hearing Mr. Bradford,
seemed favorable to early affirmative
action upon it.
The committee was authorized to oifc
during the session of the Senate and
will meet again to-morrow.
WOLCOTT SCORES
SECRETARY GAGE
Says an Insulting Letter Was
Sent to a Senate Com
mittee.
Flippant Reply to a Request for an
Opinion as to a Postal Savings
Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 30.
.In the Senate to-day Mr. Wolcott of
Colorado, chairman of the Committee on
Postofflces and Postroads, made a re
markable and caustic arraignment of the
Secretary of the Treasury, on account of
the Secretary's flippant treatment of a
request made by Mr. Wolcott's com
mittee.
Mr. Wolcott said that on March 10 the
Committee on Postofflces and Postroads
had asked the Secretary of the Treasury
for his opinion on a postal savings bank
system. A similar communication had
been sent to the Postmaster-General, and
a courteous and extended reply in due time
had been received. The views of the
Secretary of the Treasury upon the ques
tion were particularly desired by the
committee, as it was expected that some
opinions of value would be presented.
After waiting for an unusual time the
committee, Mr. Wolcott said, had received
the Secretary's reply.
"I have to report to the Senate," said
he, "that the reply was of such a nature
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FßEE.
\ _. V*l| tiTiih/*' ' Ik f ; - FREE! . To demonstrate our Painless
\^Vtvt»'* UI / U »C llolj^ Methods we will devote One Hour each day
V^ <OsV \\ A/ „ S*ilfj9* to FREE EXTRACTIONS— IO to 11 A. M. Th«
v n\. \\' /v ' ■-' si/ ■ V / Clinic is always ahead in Advanced ■ Dental
WK. ■"- 1 D>_l ' L, JDm<wiT ' •'".-■! IJw^m. Science. :No student employed.
Aft ''^SsSt _J— -^«Sfi For the next M da >' 8 our prices will be:
**<? ■ -■■ -jPff Wfryfflk'zZ^^r FULL SET OF TEETH f0r.. ..........5» 50 un
> "Z-Zfl -,s(V*' ',SM-~7' ■ '\. GOLD CROWNS, 22k 350 ud
< -I— ■*&*' ff/jf&trlf&L^ '■ , ' - R ■ BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 ud
l^~^WW^m4T%iF~2^ . ~....^ SILVER FILLING 25c un
-^^^^^WWM^^^^ CLEA^VG^T^ETH-""-"-" " 50c up
'■•■-'■ ''/S&'f'¥*t&c'"£^. LLEAMMi TEETH ;.50c up
FO ViP '^W^ Yo *J^% A Physician Always in Attendance.
• «* # :^%?h Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS. r
TCITTU ?& IJcROWNEO lady ATTENDANT.
I tC'.l n HJSI \^ f? Bridxework - PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. : - ; '■■■;.,. DR. T.E. STRONO,
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 8 to ] p. q,
that I have been unanimously Instructed
by the commit tae to respectfully return It.
Before it was sent to the committee it
was given to the newspapers. It was not
of a character in consonance with the lm»
portance of the subject. The whole cir
cumstances of the case are most remark
able. I will not ask here to have the
letter of the Secretary read. It was
flippant and impertinent and has no place
on the records of this body."
Mr. Wolcott then asked that the entire
correspondence on the subject be printed,
and it was so ordered.
LITTLE DAMAGE TO CROPS.
Santa Clara Valley Has Suffered but
Slightly From Frost.
BAN JOSE, March 30. — "A personal In
spection of the present condition of the
Santa Clara Valley crops shows much
less damage than earlier reports led peo
ple to believe had been inflicted by the
frost," said C. M. Wooster to-day. "The
raised lands approaching the eastern
foothills have not been injured by the
frost. This is true of a large extent of
the districts around and east of Berry
essa. Some apricots and early peaches
have been touched, but not destroyed.
The lower lands, particularly along th«
old creek courses, are more seriously af ••
fected as regards apricots and peaches,
but the frost damage to prunes is not
very serious. The large fruit sections on
the west side, mostly with slight eleva
tions, are damaged very little, if any.
The Saratoga and Los Gatos region shows
but little evidence of injury. Grain and
hay is suffering some from the lack of
rain, but this is not beyond redemption,
provided we have the usual April rains.
"While the frost has done serious harm
in some parts of the valley, the damage,
compared with the gr«u volume of the
output, will, in my judgment, be small,
and principally confined to early peaches
and apricots in the lower lands. Noth
ing at present indicates that the volume
of fruit for the .valley will be less than
the average, inasmuch as" many young
orchards are coming into bearing this
year that have not heretofore been pro
ductive." - -. :■
*
AGED GENERAL CLAY
BESIEGED BY WOMEN.
Wish to Marry Him as Soon as He
Is Divorced From His
Child-Wife.
WHITEHALL, Ky., March 30.— Since
the publication of the report that General
Cassius Marcellus Clay proposed to pro
cure a divorce from his child wife, but
that he still felt the need of a spouse to
share his magnificent home, he has re
ceived hundreds of offers from women
who are willing- to marry him, though he
has but a life interest in an estate and
350 a month pension. Thirty-one letters
came yesterday, this being 1 only a sample
mail. Some of them were from widows,
some from middle-aged women and some
from young girls. A few inclosed their
photographs, and nearly all were anxious
to visit Whitehall at once. All were
willing- to marry him as soon as he could
get a divorce.
EPIDEMIC OF SPINAL
MENINGITIS AT TACOMA.
Physicians Say It Is Due to Colds,
Followed by Intense
Worrying.
TAC.OMA, March 30.— An epidemic of
spinal meningitis is beginning to be
feared on Puget Sound. It cannot result
from any lack of sanitary precautions,
but rather through the worrying of
scores of people who have relatives and
friends in Alaska. Doctors here say that
taking cold, followed by Intense worry
ing, is sufficient to cause Inflammation at
the base of the brain, producing the
dread disease. During March there have
been nine deaths from meningitis, most of
them occurring within a few days.
August J. Brummer, ex-Chief of the Ta
coma Fire Department and well known
to San Francisco insurance men, died of
meningitis yesterday after suffering ter
rible agony for five days.
Races at Little Bock.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 30.— An
eight-day race meeting began to-day.
Two-year-olds • half-mile — Sir Blazes
won, Hittick second. Banish third. Time,
5014. ■...•:>• . .
Six furlongs, — Lady Irene -won,
Chang second, Sedan- third. Time, ■ 1:17%.
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile — Horseshoe
Tobacco won. Laureate second, Cuba Free
third. Time 1:10^.
Arkansas stakes, one mile — Forbush
won, Eleanor Holmes second. Sunburst
third. Time, 1:45.
Two-year-old fillies, half-mile— Pa
risienne won, Eugenia S second. Exit
third. Time, 52.
Selling, seven furlongs — and Pro
tus ran a de.yl heat,;Montedonico third.
Time, 1:33. /
Bonus for a New Railway.
VICTORIA, March 30.— 1n th 3 course of
his speech en the budget this afternoon
Colonel Baker, the Provincial Secretary,
said the Government had *nic(e arrange
ments with the railway company for th<»
building of 400 miles of railway from Van
couver to the Boundary Creek district.
The terminus, in all probability, will be
Rossland. He inferred that a bonus of
$4000 a mile would be given.
84
BATTLES WITH
GALE AND SEA
Perilous Voyage of the
Little Schooner
Morrill.
Encounters Hurricane Winds
While Returning From
Alaska.
Blown Nearly Seven Hundred Miles
Out of Her Course In Ten
Days.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE, March 30.— The trim little
schooner M. M. Morrill arrived in port
this afternoon after battling with ter
rible gales for ten days, during which
she was blown nearly 700 miles out of
her course. She took twenty gold
hunters to Yakutat Bay, whence they
hoped to reach the Yukon country by
the newly discovered route. As Cap
tain Grant and the members of the
crew describe the Morrill's adventures
with the hurricane that raged in Feb
ruary in northern waters, it is little
short of wonderful that she brought
her people back to tell of it.
The schooner, however, is stiff and
staunch. For three days she drifted
before the mighty winds that blew from
the south and west. Lite was made
miserable enough for those on board by
the Morrill's preliminary brush with a
stiff wind off the straits, for many of
her passengers had never before em
barked on a long sea voyage. But
compared with the weather encountered
later tlie gales off the straits anrl from
there north to Dixon Entrance were but
summer zephyrs.
J. S. Green, who owns the schooner,
says that when he left Yakutat the
wenther in Disenchantment Bay waw
delightful. Said he:
"There had been some small amount
of ice at the mouth of the bay and some
of the schooners found It necessary to
disembark their passengers at Yaku
tat. We went clear to the headwaters
of the bay and found navigation open
in good shape. The party that went
north on the Morrill Is among the ear
liest to get over the route to the Alsek
River. Travel over the pass is all right.
People are going and coming contin
ually. At Yakutat there are 200 peo
ple preparing to make the start for the
Interior." ,
Mr. Green reports that the brlgantine
Blakeley had arrived safely at Yakutat
berore he left.
FATAL ACCIDENT
ON THE SOLANO
Body of an Old Gentleman
Found on the Ferry
boat's Car Tracks.
Supposed Resident of Oakland Decap
itated While Crossing at
Port Costa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANTIOCH, March 30.— An old gentle
man was killed on the ferryboat Solano at
Port Costa last evening. No one saw the
accident, and no one seems to know how
It occurred. When found the body was
lying across one of the numerous tracks
on the ferry, with one foot crushed and
the head entirely severed.
The victim was a passenger on the No.
2 Sacramento train, which arrlveu at
Port Costa at 7:20 o'clock. He had a
conductor's check in his pocket, punched
for Oakland or San Francisco. Coroner
Curry had the body removed to the
Morgue at Martinez. It has not been
Identified. The old gentleman was about
60 years of age, well dressed in black di
agonal trousers and vest, blue frock coat,
black overcoat, calico shirt, gray under
clothing, laced shoes and black Fedora
hat. There was nothing upon the body
by which it could be identified, except
that the shirt was marked "No. 2" on the
flap, a peculiar marking for a shirt. Be
sides the conductor's check a couple of
Oakland street car transfer checks were
found In a pocket, together with a new
purse, containing $6 65. It is supposed
that he was a resident of Oakland.
CARRIES FOURTEEN
SHOT IN HIS BRAIN.
Youthful Victim of an Accident
Proves His Physician a False
Prophet.
GRTDL,EY, March 30.— A case which is
a surprise to the physicians and a grati
fication to anxious parents is that of
eight-year-old Willie Martin. On March
B Willie and his brother observed a hawk
sailing above their father's barn on the
farm near Gridley, and they determined
to rid the place of him. The brother went
Into the house and got a shotgun. As he
came out the door the gun was discharg
ed, and Willie, who stood about fifteen
feet distant, received the charge of No. 5
shot in the face and head.
Fourteen of the shot penetrated tb';
boy's skull and the doctors probed deep
Into his brain. He was given up to die,
but with a perverseness quite astonishing
he refused to realize the doctor's prophe
cies, and now he is running about his
home with the other children of the fam
ily, apparently in no way the worse for
the fact that he carries fourteen shot in
his brain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is
Pears'.
Economical soap* is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
COLLISION
AT FRENCH
CAMP DEPOT
Fresno Flyer Crashes Into
an Engine Upon a
Sidetrack.
Carelessness of a Fireman in
Leaving a Switch Open Respon
sible for the Loss of
a Life.
STOCKTON, March 30.— The "Fresno
flyer," due at French Camp station,
four and a half miles above here, at
4:10 o'clock, was wrecked this after
noon. William Huffman, the fireman,
lost his life and a number of trainmen
and passengers were injured. The dis
aster was the result of gross careless
ness. The train was made up of a first
class coach and a smoker, and the first
exclamation of one gazing on the mass
of wreckage is that it is remarkable
that no more lives were forfeited in
the catastrophe.
This afternoon a large freight engine
in charge of Engineer William Hat
field and Fireman R. P. Stevens started
from Tracy with orders to allow the
flyer to pass at French Camp. The run
was made on time- and the locomotive
backed upon a siding, the switch be
ing thrown by Fireman Stevens, who,
according to the best information ob
tainable, went down the embankment
to attend to something and failed to
close the switch. Engineer Hatfield
ran the engine back a hundred yards
and was oiling it, when the whistle of
the flyer soundod. As no flag was out
at the station the engineer came down
under full headway.
As the train neared the switch, Ste
vens ran up, evidently remembering his
neglect, but he was too late. Engineer
Henry Hahn saw the open switch sig
nal when nearly upon it. In despera
tion he threw all the emergency brakes,
but the train crashed into the big
freight locomotive with a report like
an artillery volley, and fire, steam and
smoke enveloped the scene.
People who rushed to the wreck be
held an appalling sight. The passen
ger engine had been literally torn to
pieces and the first-class coach had
rolled down the embankment, lying on
its side. The yells and curses of the
imprisoned passengers seemed to indi
cate great loss of life. Engineer Hahn
fell from his cab and staggered over
the grass. William Huffman, the young
fireman, was caught between the ten
der and the fire box and instantly killed.
It was some time before his remains
were extricated. Conductor Lev! Bardo
and Brakeman Ed Hundley were
bruised and injured, but with the help
of people from the County Hospital
near by they set bravely at work rescu
ing the passengers. They climbed
upon the coach and began pulling wo
men and children out of the windows.
In the wrecked coach w r ere about
twenty people, but, strange to relate,
REV. J. AVERY SHEPHERD DEAD.
Passing of the Divine Who Opened the First Confed
erate Congress With Prayer.
SANTA ROSA, March 30.— Rev. J. Avery Shepherd, the oldest Episcopal
minister In California and one of the best-known churchmen on the Pa
cific Coast, died at his home in this city this afternoon.
Dr.. Shepherd was born in Vermont. When quite young he moved with
his father to Brazil, but after spending a few years in that country he re
turned to his native land and matriculated at Middlebury College, Ver
mont. Four years later he graduated from this institution, and at the
request of Bishop Green of Mississippi he shortly afterward went to that
State and took charge of St. Andrews College at Jackson, where he re
mained for several years. While there he married Miss Evelyn Turner of
Baltimore, who was Justly distinguished for her many accomplishment* and
charming manners.
After leaving Mississippi Dr. Shepherd went to Kentucky and at Louis
ville he was ordained a priest of the church by Bishop Smith. From Ken
tucky he and his wife moved to North Carolina, and nine years later they
came to California shortly after the appointment of the Right Rev. Wil
liam I. Kip a Bishop, arriving here in 1854, eight months after that well
known churchman. He opened a young ladies' school in San Francisco
and educated many of the now prominent matrons of that city, afterward
returning East and conducting a ladles' college near Montgomery, Ala.
The war breaking out, the school was closed.
Montgomery being the first capital of the Confederacy. Dr. Shepherd
opened the first session of the Confederate Congress with prayer, but did
not afterward officiate at the meeting, although it has been Incorrectly stat
ed that he was th« regular chaplain of that organization.
Twenty years ago he came to Santa Rosa, and for many years had
charge of this parish. For several years past he has lived in retirement.
DRAGGED BY FOUR
RUNAWAY HORSES.
Napa Young Man Badly Injured on
a Ranch Near the
Town.
NAPA, March 30.— Joseph Henry, a well
known young man of this city, met with
an accident to-day at the Cutting Pack
ing Company's ranch west of Napa, in
which he sustained a compound fracture
of the right leg. Henry had hitched four
horses to a heavy roller on the hillside
and then proceeded to take his seat, when
the dashboard gave way and he fell in
between the horses. The animals started
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
none were killed. Among the several
women and children not a limb was
broken, but many were cut and bruised.
Those who are injured were: Fred
A. Grim, a traveling man from Ohio,
cut by glass; J. A. Reynolds, adjuster
for the Royal Insurance Company, stu
tioned at San Francisco, hurt in the
back; A. C. Burnett, fireman on the
steamship Mary Garratt, running be
tween Stockton and San Francisco, dis
located shoulder. Engineer H. C.
Hahn of the Fresno flier train, with
whom young Huffman was running-,
was severely cut in the right sid?, but
not seriously injured. C. Cleveland, the
Wells-Fargo messenger on the flier,
was slightly hurt.
As soon as possible an engine and
coach from the Stockton yards went
out to bring in the dead and injured.
So quickly was this done by the rail
road people that it was impossible to
get passenger lists.
The freight locomotive, struck head
on, was knocked 200 feet, its front torn
out and the tender and fire box mixed.
Pieces of wreckage from the passenger
engine were strewed for a distance of
a hundred yards. Boilers, tanks, ten
der and cab were one jumbled mass.
The smoker, which was the second car
in the train, left the track, but stayed
on the grade. The crew of this train
included Conductor I>vl Bardo, Engi
neer William Hahn. Fireman Huffman,
Baggageman Charles Cleveland and
Brakeman Ed Hundley.
While waiting the arrival of help,
young Stevens, who threw the switch,
lay groveling in the sand, moaning over
his unfortunate act. He declared the
company at fault, as he had been kept
on the road forty-eight hours with no
sleep and was half crazed on the run
toward Stockton. Stevens is the son
of wealthy parents, who lately got his
promise to quit railroading, and this
was to have been one of his last trips.
C. H. Huffman, father of the de
ceased fireman, is the originator of the
Crocker-Huffman canal enterprise of
Merced County, where he owned vast
tracts of land for many years. A few
years ago when his son Will expressed
a desire to learn railroading the father
urged him to turn his attention to some
other business and offered him any
necessary capital to engage in any en
terprise which he might choose, and it
is said he offered the young man $15,000
in cash to give up railroading, but the
fireman determined to continue in his
calling that was so full of interest to
him. He was twenty-three years of
age and generally well thought of.
Among his young associates he was a
favorite and his death is deeply re
gretted here.
down the hill and dragged Henry some
distance before they stopped. One horse
broke its leg and had to be shot. The
flesh on the entire length of Henry's right
leg was torn into threads. Medical aid
was summoned and Henry was removed
to the County Infirmary. He is a son of
S. P. Henry, a prominent citizen of this
place.
Sudden Death at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, March 30.— James Edward
Friend, a well-known newspaper man,
formerly of Birmingham, Ala., and later
of El Paso, Texas, a soldier of the Con
federate Army in the War of the Rebel
lion, and a man of genial habits and a
large circle of friends, was found dead In
his bed in the Willard Hotel this momin&
from internal hemorrhages. He v.as 59
years old.
FAIL TO
CATCH THE
OUTLAWS
Officers' Vain Quest
Around Indian
Gulch.
Lose the Trail of the Men
in the Madera
Foothills.
Certain That Cliff Regan Is
One of the Pair They
Followed.
SEARCH NOT ABANDONED.
Difference of Opinion as to Whether
the Mndera B«ndlt Led the
Tr»in Robbers.
Special Dlipatch to The CalL
FRESNO, March 31.—
At midnight the principal
posse returned, to Merced from
the hunt for the Cross Creek
bandits. Eight or ten men are
still on the trail. Sheriff Cun
ningham believes the men be
ing chased are the robbers.
They are thought to be head
ing for Raymond.
FRESNO March 80.— Railroad De
tectives Meade and Crowley and
Deputy Sheriffs Peck and Timmlns re
turned to this city on the 5:20 train this
evening from Merced, whither they
went last night on a special engine
when it was r*" >rted that the Cross
Creek train robbers had been surround
ed at a point near Indian Gulch. It
was found this morning that the rob
bers were not surrounded, but had
made good their escape before the
gathering of the officers in the vicinity
where they were supposed to be hiding.
The officers were divided against them
selves as to whether the men supposed
to be the robbers were actually bandits,
and while a posse of twenty officers is
still In pursuit of the men in question
Meade's men have given up that clew
and expect to strike a new lead.
Peck and Timmins are strongly of the
opinion that Bandit Cliff Regan led the
outlaws, and they are satisfied that one
of the men who had the rig that was
recovered was jrtegan. The proprietor
of the store at which the men bought
|18 worth of provisions and a hat de
scribed the man who did the buying
and the description given fitted Regan
in every particular. He -as then
shown a picture of the Madera County
outlaw and as soon as he set eyes on
It he identified it as that of Reeran.
The local officers are thoroughly con
vinced that the man at the store was
Cliff Regan but the only question with
them is whether Cliff Regan committed
the train robbery, or whether he was
merely making his way to more Becure
fastnesses, believing his position too
near here dangerous while so many of
ficers are scouring the country for the
train robbers.
Another reason why the men should
be wary of the officers was the fact that
the rig'whlfh they had was stolen from
J. C. Anderson at Bates on February
28. The rig \va* thoroughly overhauled.
Nothing that would connect the occu
pants in any degree with the Cross
Creek robbery was found.
The officers who surrounded the sec
tion of the country where they thought
the robbers were corraled could find no
trace of them this morning. It is now
believed that the men, from their point
of vantage, saw the officers tracking
them, and, abandoning their buggy,
provisions and blankets, struck out
through the ridge leading to the foot
hills. Parts of the ridge are thickly
covered by undergrowth, but the men
were tracked this morning to a place
where the base of the ridge consists of
rock, and there the trail was lost.
Sheriff Tom Cunningham, the veteran
peace officer and criminal hunter of San
Joaquln County, is now with the posse
following the robbers. Sheriff War
field of Merced and Sheriff Prouty of
Mariposa are also relentless in the
hunt, while a number of constables and
Deputy Sheriffs are on the trail of the
men.
Detective Crowley does not believe
Regan had anything to do with the
Cross Creek robbery, while other of
ficers think differently. Crowley, after
talking for three minutes to the Indian
Gulch storekeeper, said there was noth
ing in hunting those men and wanted
to return at once. Meade was of dif
ferent opinion.
It is not thought likely now that the
robbers will be caught for several days.
CAPTAIN JOSEPH
ARAM IS NO MORE
Passing of a Man "Who Served
Under the Bear Flag In
California.
Was Left in Ch«rga of Santa Clara
Mission When Fremont Moved
Southward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Captain Joseph
Aram, a pioneer of 1846 and prominently
identified with the early history of Cali
fornia, died here to-day. He was a native
of Onelda County, New York, and 88
years of age.
Captain Aram came to California in 1846
from Illinois. He- came at once to
Santa Clara County.- He had met Fre
mont at Sacramento, %nd whrn the Mex
ican War broke out he organized a com
pany and enlisted under the Bear Flag.
When Fremont followed the Mexicans
south he left Aram in command at Santa
Clara Mission to protect the settlers.
Later Aram went to Monterey and helped
to construct a fort. In 1849 he returned
to this county with his family, and he has
resided here ever since.
Captain Aram was a member of the
first State Constitutional Convention and
a member of the first Legislature which
met in this city in 1849. He established
the first nursery in Santa Clara County.
He always took an active interest in poli
tics, and was one of the most prominent
citizens of this city. A widow and two
grown children survive him.
SITKA HAS A
MINING BOOM
OF HER OWN
Quartz Assaying Nine Hundred
Dollars to the Ton Said to
Have Been Struck.
JUNEAU, Alaska, March 26 (by Steamship Cottage City to Seat
tle, March 30) -Sitka, the sleepy capital of Alaska, has a sensation.
Some of her people are becoming excited and have Monte Cristo dreams.
According to the latest reports which have reached here from Sitka a
semi-quartz semi-placer formation of slate and di >rite found in "Pauda
Basin, beyond Saw Mill Creek, back of what is known as Billy's Ba
sin," has been assayed and found to run from $250 to $900 a ton. The
formation is a sort of pebble, which is said to have come off glaciers.
Ex-Surveyor-General Willey of California, a son-in-law of ex-Collector
Moore of the port of New York, and a few others are among the prin
cipal owners of the property, which has been bonded. There is som«
quartz in the gravel. General Willey is over at Sitka now and has been
there for some time and so has Mr. Moore.
The news was brought to Juneau late to-night by C. S. Johnson,
Judge of the United States District Court of Alaska, who confirms the
report of the richness of the ground; by J. M. Davidson from Sitka and
by a Mr. Shelly of Portland, Or., who carries considerable reading mat
ter about it for a Portland newspaper. Mr. Shelly vehemently denies
that it is a stock scheme.
A packer from Billy's Basin, who came over on the ship to-night to
Join the march to the Klondike, says that assays of the gravel have
run as high as $600 to the ton. It is impossible here to-night to get
a more detailed description of the character of the gravel or of the lo
cality.
The same locality was prospected two or three years ago and as
says made, the highest of which is said to have run $24. Pacific
Coast newspapers published this at the time. It was known as the
Gold Lake District, but very little has ever been done to develop it. It
is about thirteen miles from Sitka. The capital has always been be
lieved to be surrounded by a rich mineral district. Any kind of gravel
or ore which runs from $250 to $900, showing an average of $450, buriea
the Klondike out of sight, hence the people of the capital are begin
ning to dream that 'Sitka will become more than a synonym for Klon
dike and to spread its fame. Reports more in detail are expected on
the next boat in about two weeks.
J. M. Davidson is recently from Siskiyou County, Cal. He said in
addition:
"Do not give me as authority for this. I don't know anything about
It. Some over at Sitka think it is a great thing and some take no
stock in it I don't want my friends in California to get excited by
anything from me about this." HAL HOFFMAN.
SENATOR ENOS
DIES SUDDENLY
Well-Known Politician a
Victim of Heart
Disease.
Falls to the Ground and Ex
pires in Front of His
Dwelling.
Sine© the E«rly "* Ha Had Been
Prominently Be Tor* th«
Public
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA, March 30.— Senator John S.
Enoa, a prominent attorney and well
known politician of this State, dropped
dead this morning at 9:15 o'clock from
heart disease at the residence of Mrs.
R. J. Snyder, one mile east of this
place.
Mr. Enos appeared at the breakfast
table at the accustomed hour and
seemed In his usual good spirits. He
The Late Senator John S. Enos*
partook of a hearty meal and then pre
pared for a morning drive. After
harnessing his horse he started to re
turn to the house. As he was about
to enter the door he discovered the
chimney to be on fire. He stopped and
without a murmur fell heavily to the
floor, dying before assistance could
reach him.
Senator Enns for many years was a
prominent politician in San Francisco
and received many honors from dif
ferent political parties. In 1880 he was
elected by the Workingmen's party to
represent the Thirteenth District of San
Francisco in the State Senate. From
1883 to 1887 he served under Governor
Stoneman as Labor Commissioner, and
it was at the time of his appointment
to this office that a great protest went
up, his opponents claiming that office
was created especially for his benefit.
For a number of years he was prose
cuting attorney in Judge Campbell's
court, and he was well known in police
circles.
Mr. Enos came to California in the
early fifties from Fulton County, New
York. Prior to leaving there he held
the office of County Attorney. Ow
ing to domestic troubles his home,
which was one of the most beautiful
mansions in Sonoma Valley, was bro
ken tip about eight years a;o and he
subsequently took up hi 3 residence at
the Snyder place. His wife, Mrs.
Susie Exos, resides in San Francisco.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: Thomas Mowprrove, Receiver of
Public Moneys at Walla Walla, Wash. ;
John Best, Register of the Land Office at
Lewistrin, Tdaho; C. A. Scoby, Indian
agent, Fort Peck Agency, Montana.
Grand Lodge Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ. March 30.— San Lorenzo
Lodge, I. O. O. F., last evening elected
A. P. Swanton, L. L. Fargo, William
Lane, Warren Waters and Nathan
Knapp delegates to the Grand Lodge to
be held in San Francjsco.
The fao-simlle y^ V/T£ * <?** *■ on ever vrapp«P
signature of ida^/ZT&^4^ of CASTOEIA.
NEW WAY OF
BUYING VOTES
Rea's San Jose "Gang"
Springs a Unique
Innovation.
Insurance Policies Taken Out
to Gain the Support of
Agents.
Thirty Thousand Dollar Risk on a
Building the City Does Not
Yet Own.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Mystery has
hitherto surrounded the motive which
led the City Council at a recent meet
ing to place $30,000 worth of insurance
on the uncompleted High School build
ing at the same time that $40,000 worth
of insurance on the City Hall was re
newed. The mystery has now been dis
sipated. The facts that explain it
make up another illustration of how
the "gang" fraudulently utilizes the
funds of the tax-payers to intrench
itself in office.
At the time the matter of insuring
the High School building, which is now
in the course of construction under the
contract awarded to P. J, Byron, was
up for consideration in the Council
Mayor Koch objected to this expense
on the ground that the city had no in
terest in the structure until it was
turned over to the municipality after
it was completed by the contractor.
Despite his protest the motion to place
this insurance was carried.
Contractor Byron, in an Interview
with The Call correspondent, expressed
himself in accord with the view of the
Mayor. He said further that he had
$8000 worth of insurance on the build
ing, and would keep that amount on it
until he had completed his contract and
had turned the property over to the
city and it had been formally accepted
by the Council. Until that time he con
sidered the risks of fire and other dan
gers were entirely his. He did not in
sure for more, he said, because he
thought $8000 would cover any damage
that would be likely to occur.
Why, then, was this insurance placed
when there was absolutely no necessity
for it? And why were hundreds of
dollars of the cit s funds thus wasted?
Thes3 are questions that tbu tax-payers
have asked and are still asking. Here
is the answer:
The "gang" realized that it was go
ing to have one of the hardest battles
to fight in the coming city election that
it had ever been engaged in, and that
one of the strongest factors in the con
test would be the real-estate men,
many of whom act as agents of various
insurance companies. By giving them
a little sop in the shape of some of this
insurance, as well as part of the re-in
surance on the City Hall, it was hoped
to keep them in line for the "gang"
ticket.
J. D. Miner, the "gang" candidate for
Councilman at Large, was selected to
peddle out at least part of this insur
ance. He went from one agent to an
other, and made a deliberate proposi
tion to "swap" insurance policies for
votes and Influence in behalf of the
"gang" ticket, which is masquerading
under the name of the People's Muni
cipal ticket. To the credit of the real
estate men. most of whom realize thor
oughly that their best interests lie in
the defeat of the "gang," Mr. Miner
was not in all cases successful, but he
kept to his task until he had no more
policies to peddle.
By the part that Mr. Miner took in
this matter he not only made himself
a party indirectly to the robbery of the
people, but he made himself liable to
punishment under the purity of elec
tions law. He was virtually spending
the money wrongfully taken from the
city treasury to further his election on
the 11th of April. Mr. Miner Is the boss
i candidate, who is running in opposition
to J. P. Jarman, whom "Jim" Rea is
charged with having slandered and
damaged to the amount of $50,000.
Buys a Nevada Mine.
NEVADA CITY, March It— Ely Hutch
inson, representing an Eastern syndicate
to-day took up a bond it has had for some
time on a California quartz mine, twenty
miles northeast of this city, and paid
Colonel C. W. Tozer and Charles D. Lane
the purchase price of $50,000.
A GARBAGE
WAR BEGINS
Private Contractors Fight
Mr. Ellert's Com
pany.
Petition Says Sanitary Reduc
tion Works Pollute
the Air.
Citizens Say the Big Chimney Dis
tributes Odors Like Burning
Rubber.
There have lately been so many com
plaints against the Sanitary Reduction
Works that a petition Is now In circula
tion asking the Board of Supervisors to
compel the company to do something to
prevent the stench from polluting the
neighborhood.
Scavengers complain they ax« charged
unlawful prices for having their garbage
burned, and there are evidences that
there will soon be a battle between them
and the sanitary company.
"When the wind is not blowing out In
the vicinity of the works," said A- J.
Crawford yesterday, "the stench Is very
bad, being something like the smell of
burning rubber and old leather. There la
a general complaint in the neighborhood
that the works are run in such a way as
to be a detriment to the health of the
people and do great damage to property."
There will be a meeting of private gar
bage gatherers and owners of garbaga
drays to-morrow for the purpose of devis
ing ways and means to defeat the pro
posed ordinance that compels all garbaga
dealers to buy a special wagon, which Is
owned by the Sanitary Reduction Work*
and covered by divers patents. Those
making the fight say that agents of tha
company are good underground politi
cians, and that they have mastered tha
art of handling Boards of Supervisors and
others in such a way as to get laws
passed that benefit their company. It is
probable that the circulation of the peti
tion now being advocated in the Mission
Is the signal for the beginning of a war
that will last for some time, for It is a
fight for survivorship on the part or pri
vate contractors.
PINK AND WHITE WEDDING,
Miss Blanche Evelyn Baldwin Weda
John McGaw at the First Uni
tarian Church.
The only large church wedding of th«
Lenten season took place last evening at
the First Unitarian Church, the contract-
Ing parties being Miss Blanche Evelyn
Baldwin, daughter of Orville Dwlght
Baldwin, and John McGaw.
The edifice was prettily decorated for
the occasion, palms and fruit blossoms
forming a background for the pair. It
was a pink and white wedding, and the
color predominated. Miss Emma Sweigert
was maid of honor, and the bridesmaids
were Miss Isabel Preston and Miss Clare
Sweigert. Miss Bernice Wilson and the
Misses Gertrude and Ruth Freese were
the flower girls, and carried large baskets
of La France roses. The best man was
Lewis James, and the ushers, four In
number, were G. H. N. Sexton, G. T. S.
White, F. A. L. Roberts and H, C. Cas-
The sweet strains of the Lohengrin brN
dal march ushered the bridal procession
into the church, and during the time of
the ceremony, which was perf<,-rrned by
Rev. Horatio Stebblns. ProfJfesV^ H-Bre
therick rendered Dubois' "Nuptial Bene
diction Song." 
After the ceremony a reception -was neia
at the home of the bride's parents, on the
corner of Washington and Spruce streets,
only the relatives and intimate friends of
the newly wedded couple being present.
Death of Mrs. Bainbridge.
Much sympathy is expressed In a- 1 " 1"*1 "*
circles for Colonel E. C. Balnbridge, U. 8%
A., retired, whose wife died In this city
day before yesterday. Colonel and Mrs.
Bainbridge came to California less than
two years ago from St. Augustine, Fla.,
where the Third Artillery, which Colonel
Bainbririge then commanded, was sta
tioned before the order came transferring
the regiment to the Pacific Coast. Colonel
and Mrs. Bainbridge lived at Angrel
Island until his retirement, when they
came to the city to reside. Mrs. Bain
bridge was a lady who was highly es
teemed for many accomplishments and
beautiful traits of character.
V|CL
ft is undeniable that then are men irA»<
do not live lives that are best for them.
They live too rapidly altogether. Then
nature comes to the fare and denies to them
the great privileges that she allows toothers .
who live more discreetly. She takes away
the gifts that are most prized by men.
When she has done that the man usually
despairs of ever getting back his former
power. But it is not only possible, but it
has been done in many thousands of In-
stances. The great thing to be done first of
all is to stop the losses — the drains — that »
are making the system still weaker. This is
done by the great "Hudyan" treatment in a
week, and then complete recuperation rapidly
follows in this way :
A fast and reckless life led.
Vitality all but gone.
Hope vanishing.
The drains are stopped.
Full vigor and health return.
"Hudyan" can be depended on to do this.
In the event of your having led a life that
i has weakened you. it is wise to lose no time,
but to seek relief at once. It is certain to
come, and you will become a vigorous and a
j healthy man again, as it is that you are a
! weakling now. Write and ask for free cir-
culars telling you what "Hudyan" has dona
for 20,000 men in this land of ours. Then
if you have blood taint of any nature ask for
! "30-day blood cure" testimonials. They are
free, too, and so is medical advice. Mo one
need suffer from the effects of blood poison,
for "30-day cure" is as efficient in the ter-
tiary as in ihe primary or secondary stages.
ft cures them all completely. Is there any-
thing else that troubles you ? If so write
and ask about it, and you will have the ad- »
vice of the doctors at once, and absolutely *
free of all expense to you.
fIUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
6an Francisco*EXPOSING A LIAR
AND BIDDING HIM
A FOND FAREWELL
Plain Facts Showing How the
San Jose Mercury's Falsi
fication Artist Digged
a Pit and Fell
Therein.
To enter into a lengthy controversy with the San Jose
Mercury would be to ascribe to that sheet a dignity It never
possessed and an influence it can never hope to attain. Yet
there seems occasion for reply to its charge that The Call
is striving to injure the Santa Clara Valley to show the
groundlessnes of the accusation and make a display of the
stupidity of the Mercury- A sheet so practiced in the arts
of falsehood might naturally be expected to do its lying
gracefully. But even in its lies the Mercury blunders, ex
posing its animus and making a wanton and unpleasant ex
hibition of its guile.
That The Call published a telegram relative to frost in
the Santa Clara Valley is true. That it changed the tele
gram so as to make the prospect? of the valley seem worse
than the correspondent set forth is the opposite of true, as
may be observed by a glance at the affidavit of Mr. Cowles
and other evidence presented herewith. The only change
ma«r" in the process of editing was a modification of the
original statement. The ccrpy received from the Associated
Press and the reproduction of it in The Call and the Exam
iner render further explanation on this point a trespass on
the intelligence of readers. •
Even the dim Rea of light illuminating the Mercury
must realize that had the valley been visited by a severe
frost the news would have been of great importance, and
Interesting to the entire State. Had any item concerning
such a visitation been suppressed nothing tending to benefit
the valley would have resulted. As to the reliability uf
What The Call Printed.
SAN JOSE, March 26.— A cold wave
struck Santa Clara County last night, and
after the soaking rain of yesterday morn-
Ing a heavy frost resulted. Great damage
was done to cereals. The entire almond,
peach, apricot and prune crop of the
valley was destroyed, as well as the
grain. Vegetables suffered to a great
degree. The farmers say it is the worst
frost that ever struck this section at this
time of the ' year, and the damage is
greater than ever before known.
REVIEW TO-DAY
AT PRESIDIO
Artillery, Infantry and
Cavalry of the Garri
son to Parade.
Peace Talk Brings No Pause in
the Preparations for
War.
Position at Lime Point Will Be Ren
dered Mora Formidable by
Addition*! Guns.
The regular monthly inspection, mus
ter and review of the troops stationed
at the Presidio will take place this fore
noon on the cavalry parade plain, near
the Union street rar station. . Six com
panies of the First Infantry, three
heavy and two light batteries of the
Third Artillery, four troops of the
Fourth Cavalry and the band of the
First Infantry will be paraded. Colonel
Evan Miles, post commander, will re
view the troops of the garrison.
A board of officers to consist of Lieu
tenant Colonel William H. Bisbee, First
Infantry; Captain Ramsay D. Potts,
news. It Is scarcely necessary to state that any paper must
depend upon its correspondents. As a rule the Associated
Press is accurate, and it could have no object in wantonly
assailing any territory in which it gathers information. One
of its agents at San Jose is city editor of the Mercury, a
second on another local paper. If either of these gentlemen
happen to be off duty and their work fall to a temporary
substitute, the fact would not be known among the papers
receiving messages, and would be of no importance. The
work would be accepted as up to the usual standard of
veracity.
The person who forwarded the message which has sent
the Mercury into hysteria avows himself as Herbert A.
Yoell, and doubtless he is correct ir. this. But why was it
so grave an offense for the city papers to print that which
they supposed to be correct, and no offense for Yoell to give
it to them for the purpose erf being printed? He was on the
ground and the facts were within his reach. They were far
away, and forced to take his word. But as will be seen by
indubitable proof the Mercury had garbled the Yoell dis
patch, whether with or without his consent matters noth
ing. In either case it has lied elaborately and deliberately,
and furnished the tools wherewith it is branded.
An apology is due readers in general for devoting so
much space to so unwholesome a subject as the falling Mer
cury. Convicted as a falsifier, a garbler of telegrams, a
silly traducer, it shall not again be allowed by any excess of
mendacity to project itself into the notice of The Call.
What the Examiner Printed.
SAN JOSE, Marc.i 26.— A cold wave
struck Santa Cruz County last night, and
after the soaking rain of yesterday morn-,
ing, a heavy frost resulted. Great damage
was done to cereals, which were cut down
by its Intensity. The entire almond,
peach, apricot and prune crop of the
valley was destroyed, as well as the
gTain. Vegetables suffered to a great
degree. The farmers say it is the worst
frost that ever struck this section at this
time of the year, and the damage is
greater than ever before known.
Third Artillery, and First Lieutenant '
Leon S. Roudiez, First Infantry, will
convene at the Presidio to-morrow to
examine and report upon the qualifica- ;
tions of Sergeants Richard "Weege, |
Troop X, Fourth Cavalry; Albla E. !
Strom, Battery A, Third Artillery, and
John Salter. Company E, First Infan
try, for the position of commissary
sergeant. United States army.
First Lieutenant R. H. Noble, aide to
General Shafter, delivered a lecture :
Tuesday last before the students of the
University of California on the liability
of officers and soldiers of the United i
States army ajid the National Guard :
to criminal and civil suits for acts done '
in the performance of their duty when j
the military is called out to aid the
civil power.
Recent orders from Washington di
recting the movement of troops south
ward is regarded in the army as signi- i
ficant of operations on the island of i
Cuba. It is said that the Twenty-fifth j
Infantry (colored) will make an excel
lent garrison for the Dry Tortugas. The
rapid transfer of the soldiers from
Montana to the island off the coast of
Florida will give the colored troops a
sudden change of climate.
The Government Is preparing to
abandon some of the old posts in Ari
zona, New Mexico, Montana and Wash- j
ington in order to bring the soldiers
near the contemplated scene of active
operations.
Preparations in this harbor to resist
the advance of an enemy are very
I nearly complete. The announcement j
in The Call yesterday that the engi- |
neers had completed all arrangements
for planting torpedoes and submarine
mines in the channels of San Francisco
Bay was received with surprise and |
gratification. The report comes that j
the torpedoes at Goat Island station j
are in readiness for immediate use. i
i Electrical apparatus was not obtain- j
able at once, hence there was a little
delay in this respect.
The large quantity of ammunition for
the mortar* and high-power rifles re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 3T, 1898.
What the Mercury Says The Call
Printed.
In the original occurred the following
sentence: "Pracucally the entire almond,
peac.fl am! apricot <rop of the valley was
destroyed." This in itself was an extreme
\i»-w. but the fine Italian hand of The Call
minion made the sentence read: "The en
tire almond, peach, apricot and prune
i mji of the valley was destroyed, as well
as the Kr&in." It will be noticed that the
original dispatch said nothing of the
prune crop or of the grain; but the organ
that is working for the political "salva
tion" of Santa Clara County saw fit to
publish a garbled dispatch designed to
make .uninformed readers believe that
the richest agricultural region in the
State is now little better than a blizzard
swept plain.
l cently received from Waterford and
Watervliet arsenals has been properly
1 stored in the magazines. A contract
has been awarded for transporting the
I new 12-inch rifle and disappearing car
i riage on which it will be mounted to the
hill back of Fort Point. Steps will be
taken now to render the petition at
Lime Point more formidable. New guns
are to be placed on that side of the
channel. The talk of peace has not
brought a pause in the preparations to
resist attack.
The transfer of an additional battery
; from Angel Island to the Presidio men
tioned exclusively in yesterday's Call
| will prove a source of great relief to the
I artillerymen who have been perform
ing duty at Fort Point for the past
month. The Third Artillery is now sta
tioned as follows: One battery at Fort
Monroe, one at San Diego, one at Can
j by, one at Alratraz. one at Angel Isl
! and. one at Fort Mason, one at Lime
: Point and five batteries at the Presidio
: Colonel Miller with one battery and the
: band is still confident of his ability to
hold Angel Island.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judg» Bahra yesterday granted Agnes
M. Nation a divorce from John B Nation
] on the ground of cruelty.
I. Dick has secured a" divorce from Hal
lie Inez Dick on -he ground of dese-tion
Judge Hunt yesterday granted Fred
erick H. Colvin a divorce from Lillian
Colvin on the. ground of desertion
Ellen White commenced suit for divorce
; yesterday ajrainst Burrill White on the
I ground of desertion; Margie Wheeler from
Roscoe Wheeler, failure to provide
Judge Hunt yesterday granted Harriet
P. Van den Bergh a divorce from John
P. P. Van den Bergh on the ground of
cruelty.
Sophie M. Seppich has sued William G
Seppich for divorce on the ground of in
■ fidelity.
Cabrina D. Maggiora has sued for a di
i vorce from Sebastiano D. Maggiora on the
! ground of failure to provide.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J. Nooaan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SCANDAL IN
MUNICIPAL
AFFAIRS
Work Done on the
Streets Without
Authority.
Somebody in the Board
Must Have Made a Pri
vate Arrangement.
Superintendent Disclaims Any
Responsibility for Private
Contracts.
TIME TO INVESTIGATE.
A Striking Example of Negligence
in Sewer Repairing on Morris
Avenue.
An example of negligence, or some
thing worse, in public work, may be
found on Morris avenue, a little thor
oughfare between Fifth and Sixth and
Bryant and- Brannan streets. A slx
teen-inch stone pipe sewer was laid
there in 18S9. Seven weeks ago it was
uncovered for repair and it has re
mained uncovered ever since. It is
eight inches higher In the middle than
at the point of beginning and as water
will nut run up hill the sewer is a fail
ure as a drainage canal. The joints of
the pipe bulge up and down so the
wreck resembles a snake partially un
coiled.
The spectacle was observed by The
Call's expert two weeks ago, but it was
deemed best to say nothing for a fort
night in order to ascertain if the Health
authorities would not intervene to pro
vide an c/utlet for the drainage. The
health authorities seem to be as inac
tive and indifferent as those who are
charged with the responsibility of
street repairs.
As an excuse for the neglect of the
sewer it is given out that the force of
men under the direction of the» Street
Department is not adequate to per
form all the repairs demanded. Ac
cording to- the March payroll of the
Street Department there was quite an
army of employes in the field. On sew
ers there were eleven underground
men; ten windlass men; thirteen men
with horses ar.l carts; one flusher;
three men with horses and wagons;
one watchman, two cesspoc-1 men, seven
bricklayers, eipht hod carriers, sixteen
laborers and four foremen. This force
of eighty-six able-bodied men on the
sewers, working full time, as the pay
roll showy, ought to be able to do con
siderable work.
There is another battalion of men !
engaged on accepted streets. In this
column may be .found fourteen ram
mers, fifteen pavers, nineteen laborers,
one inspector, six foremen, two car
penters, nine men with horses and
carts, eleven men with double teams
and five clerks in the office. Here is
a respectable force of eighty-two men
who put in full time during the month
of March.
The reserve force, in addition to the
men above enumerated, may be classed
as follows: Sixteen deputies allowed :
by law, engineer at Fourth street i
bridge, two keepers at Fourth street I
bridge, one assistant keeper at the I
bridge, three keepers at the corporation !
yard, two assistant keepers at the j
yard, one keeper at the dumps and one
inspector at Alpine street sewer.
It would seem that this large force
which the taxpayers maintain should
be able to take care of the accepted ,
streets and keep such thoroughfares in
passable repair. The Call's inquiry dis-
Closes the fact there is yet an addi- i
tional or auxiliary force paraded under
the banner of the City Street Improve- ;
ment Company. This force is employed j
on the repair of .accepted streets. In i
some instances the bills rendered for!
patch work show that the patching !
costs more than would be required to !
put in new work, concrete and all.
On one job, the repair of Folsom
street from Third to Twentieth, fie City I
Street Improvement Company rendered j
a bill of $1995. Authorizations passed |
in favor of this company which amount '■
in the aggregate to $3285 are held up by
the Auditor.
The most remarkable chapter in the
history of street work scandal now
comes to light. It appears that the
City Street Improvement Company has
no contract, arrangement or authority
whatever, from any responsible source
which authorizes it to repair accepted
streets. The Call, under a misappre
hension, indirectly charged the Super
intendent of Streets, Mr. Ambrose, with
having entered into a private arrange
ment with contractors to do certain
work. The Superintendent distinctly
denies that he has made such private
arrangement. His deputies cannot pro
duce any contract, arrangement or
memoranda by which the City Street
Improvement Company is directed to
do the work of repairing accepted
streets. The clerks in the office of the
Board of Supervisors fail to find the
record of any Board or Street Commit
tee resolution authorizing any arrange
ment with the City Street Improve
ment Company to perform this work.
Mr. Ambrose says that the Street Com
mittee told his chief deputy to make
an arrangement with the City Street
Improvement Company for repairing
bitumen pavement.
Surely the Supervisors at the next
session of the board will inquire as to
whether any members of the Street
Committee hav^ arrogated to them
selves in this high-handed fashion the
power to let contracts contrary to law
and public interest.
Inquiry brings to lipht the further
fact that the Street Committee author
ized Dowling to do the Alamo square
work, for which bids were received at
the last sessio.. of the board, as Dowl-
Ing's original method of obtaining the
work was irregular. The Superinten
dent of Streets says distinctly that he
did not makr any arrangement what
ever with Inwling.
A wide field of investigation may now
be opened up by the Supervisors.
Somebody in the board is evidently as
suming authority to direct contractors
to go here and there, do whatever
work comes handy and ch-.rge any
price that he conscience of the board
will How.
A Judgment Against Mrs. Byrne.
Judge Seawpll yesterday rendered Judg
ment for $10,700 In faVor nf Henry Mohr
against Mrs. Kate C. Byrne for money
advanced her to carry on the litigation
for Florence Edith Blythe, who success
fully laid claim, as a daughter, to the
estate of Thomas Blythe, the deceased
millionaire.
RODGERS WILL PLEAD SELF-DEFENSE.
A Nicked Razor on the Bodu of the Murdered Halseu Will Be
Taken as Evidence of Quarrelsome Intent.
MRS. EVA HARRISON.
BERKELEY, March 30.— The Halsey
murder wag the chief topic of comment
to-day in Berkeley, where both the mur
dered man and his slayer, as well as the
woman over whom the men had quar
reled, are well known.
According to Charles D. Haines, at
whose home Halsey met his tragic death,
the events which led up to the killing
make a pathetic story of a man who
risked and lost his life *ln an effort to
protect a woman from the evil influence
of former companions. Miss Eva Fenton,
the adopted daughter of Joseph Fenton,
a South Berkeleyan of some means, had
been neglected by her folks and aban
doned by a worthless husband whom she
had married just a year ago to-day. She
was without means of support for herself
and child when Mrs. Hair.es brought her
to her home and undertook to free her
from the influence of her former sur
roundings. In her new home she fre
quently received the attentions of Halsey.
who wa3 an old friend of the Haines
family. Rogers, the murderer, was aiso
an admirer of Mrs. Harrison. He had
called once ai the Haines residence, but
had been requested both by Hu.ir.os and
Mrs. Harrison to remain away. In addi
tion to this Halsey had warned him to
.stay away and to cease annoying Mrs.
Harrison under penalty of being
thrashed. When Halsey started in to ad
minister the' thrashing last night, Rogers
killed him.
Haines places no credence in Rogers'
plea that he killed Halsey in self-de
fense. Both Haines and his wife, who
were standing at the door when the shot
was fired, declare that Halsey rushed out
after Rogers with his hands in the air,
and that he had no weapon of any kind
in his hand. Haines declares that so far
as he knew Halsey was in the habit of
going entirely unarmed, and that he is
positive that the dead man never carried
a revolver. Halsey's brother-in-law
Robert Hunter, with whom he lives, cor
roborates this statement.
The finding of a razor in one of Hal
j sey's pockets, however, would seem to in
dicate- that he was not of so peaceable a
| disposition as some oZ his friends sup
: posed. The razor was nicked and rusty
j and did not appear to have been used for
1 some time. Moreover, Halsey had quar
reled with others and had separated from
his wife, from whom he received a divorce
; some time ago. He had quarreled, among j
I others, with James Overall, a D wight way- ;
! cigar dealer, and the latter obtained a j
i warrant for Halsey's arrest for battery, j
I although Halsey was never convicted on i
! the charge. A number of other Berkeleyans \
! declare that Halsey was of a quarrelsome j
! disposition and had at one time drawn a
| knife upon a man.
An autopsy was held this afternoon at
the Berkeley branch morgue on th*e body
of t"he murdered man. It was found that
: '. ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ / r^\ Cures of Nervous Diseases, of Kidney arid Stomach Weakness, Lame i^^- ' v\L V
fJi (jl • Back, Rheumatism, Weakness of Men, Varicocele, Early Decay, Female l^f .\\ (
1 1/ . Weakness and many troubles resulting from the want of sufficient en- X/ :\ I
Jl I v^ ergy to keep the body healthy. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt' has cured f \'7*l
IVI )\ • these troubles after, the failure of all other known remedies. / L jL \jj I
sij j It Is Grand for Weak: Men. i w
)> v yV^ Thousands of men are failing in strength through the loss of that M '• "^
/■ ' \\, vital element known as animal magnetism, which is Electricity. Dr. San- /V,, - IX^.
/ l\i en has perfected a system of treatment for them which replaces the ,/I jj' \
[I '/ */ fire in the nerves. It expands the forces of vitality and awakens all ,('\ / lV
11^ I' I I the natural vigor. . • " '\ I || /}}
; |U / 1 A Free Book for Weak Men. 1 \Pf
I /I > It tells you how to be strong, explains the cause of early decay y\
'I /I ■ , and the means of overcoming it. It is full of grand-truths for men ' ' -V. \
': I : (I * who are growing old too soon. It gives the letters of men who have - \^ .V
/LI I ■ been restored, and explains how Dr. Sanden's famous treatment will make AY 1
1/ A \ you strong. It is free. Read it. It may lead you to new happiness I . ».. -i\ '
L Jb (l in health. Call and examine this famous Belt to-day, if possible. ' 'Flf A' v
I/] f • SANDEN ELECTRIC GO *'— — — . ..:- ' — * - f /7\ |
I : ■«■'••'■ I ' 'I • :>rtl^ L ' l: - eLC-Je LC -J $5000 REWARD / Ml\ 7/l!
I A I 632 Market Street. San Francisco. Will be Daid for one of / I A\ "/'
\ /V I I NOTE-Make no mistake- In the number- •*wUI D * ?f uf t° 1., 7 I 'TA I
\ I \> V _— 1/ 63: MARKET STREET. .:.; these Belts which fails ■/_■ 111 '
1 I \ * S **\ -. Office hours. Ba. m to Sp. m.: Sundays. 10 to generate a current of "^~L^n' ) ] .1 ,
/ V'J 2y -to L Branches ' ac ' Los Angeles. Cal.. 201', -tr^t^^i* " C^ ( J C\
1 V «^»>-"-^ .. South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 263 Washington ; . Electricity. . .. •. . v_J»/^ - \\ '
• *;,*• •'. ■ "*>■. — ;'■-"■ ■ street ; Denver . Colo, r 931 - Sixteenth street; M— ; s— : ' -*- '' ' ' Z^' " 1
>»■ ■ -.—. — Vf*' Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street. . BHMHHCHBHHBfInfinHB fv^T -^. i
' ■■" . - "._•••■■_.:;* ■~.^,, / ■•-.■:■:.. --■ . -. ';;.- - i.- . " -. ;■ ' " ' - "■, . '.. ■;-:.. 7 .' : ' .''
STACY RODGERS.
the bullet had pierced Halsey's heart.
The inquest will be held to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock.
OAKLAND. March 30.— Stacey Rodgers
was removed to the County Jail to-day,
but he declines to further discuss the
shooting of E. Halsey at Berkeley last
night. His brother Leo said to-night that
he is convinced his brother acted in self
defense and such will be his defense.
"There is no doubt whatever that Hal
sey threatened my brother," said Leo
Rodgers, "and he was naturally careful.
When Halsey was searched after his
death a razor was found in his pocket that
could not possibly have been used for
shaving, and it is but natural to presume
he carried it for other purposes. On a
former occasion I understand tiiat Halsey
used a knife in a disturbance, and this
f.K t was known to my brother. We have
engaged attorneys and shall contest the
proi — utlon every Ftep of the way."
Rodgers was very nervous to-day, and
has been told by his attorneys to say
nothing. Hf Is following their advice.
SUBSTITUTE CARRIERS.
Eleven More Are Appointed by
Postmaster Montague From the
Civil Service Eligibles.
Postmaster Montague yesterday made
appointments of substitute carriers from
the civil service list in addition to tha
forty substitute carriers already in ser
vice, the approach of the postofflce vaca
tion season, when many of the regular
carriers will take their much-needed rest,
and the fact that the number of substi
tute carriers was cut down from fifty to
forty some months ago, rendering this
increase in the force imperatively neces
sary. The following are the names of tha
appointees:
Henry S. Dunn. Edward V. Atkinson,
George A. Ross, Frank E. Wyse. William
R. Foster. William H. Houlihan, Fred A.
Forner, Otto H. yon Lowonfels, Charles
W. Dunn, James T. Walsh and William
H. Barry.
Substitutes receive SI per year and pro
rata the pay of the carriers whose places
they take. There are three grades of car
riers, drawing $600. JSOO and |MM per year
respectively.
The new appointees will go to work to
morrow.
The Eureka Society.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children has started out with a new
life. Under the former management
there was not the greatest of harmony,
and the causes were many. On Tuesday
evening a new board of director! was
elected, and within the next few days the
society will become incorporated. At th*
meeting President R. A. Tuttle resigned
as trustee because his business demanded
more of his time and attention. The new
directors are Frank Murasky, J. M.
Waldteufel, L. A. Goldberg. Mrs. Gurnett,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Templeman, J. W.
Walton, N. Fallek and V. Krolow. There
are several applications for the position
of secretary, and John Bovey. John Hoch.
E. L. Wadham and Fred Evans seem to
be about even for preference. These and
other officers will l>*> elected at a meeting
to be held this evening.
56
THURSDAY MARCH 31, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to SSI St«venson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l>
served by carriers In thils city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ year, by mall. $1.50 j
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 183. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay. !
open until 9:30 o'clock- 397 Hayes street, open until ,
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 {
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- <06 Eleventh '
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and '
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver."
Columbia— "A Naval Cadet"
Aicazar— "The Mummy."
Moroeeo'B— "Ten Nigrhte In a Barroom." \
Tlvoll— "The Widow O'Brien"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tbe Chutes— The Zoo, VaudeYllle and Lion Bunt.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Emporium- Delorme'B Sunlight Picture, " interleur de
»erme."
Pacific Coast Jookey Club, Ingleslde Track — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen— Monday, April 1, Real Estate, at 14 Mont
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
THAT BRITISH ALLIANCE.
Q N American is impressed by the spectacle of
/ A Mr. Davitt and other Irish members of the
British Parliament discussing a British al
liance with the United States in a tone of deep
seated hostility to . the Government of whose law
making body they are members. Their advice to this
country against an actual or implied alliance is some
what gratuitous, since there is no evidence that the
United States is seeking either war or alliance with
any European power.
The policy of this nation since 1820 has aimed at
a combination, at first commercial and finally mar
tial, with the nations of Central and South America.
As a rule alliances have not projected along the line
of common race, language or institutions. Eng
land has been at the head of two European alliances.
Spaniard, Russian, Austrian, Dutch, German and
Italian have joined under her leadership, and in the
great combinations against Louis XIV and Bona
parte neither common sympathies of race nor insti
tutions have cut any figure at all.
Russian autocracy was as eager to seek the help
of England on sea and land, as if that country were
also an absolute instead of a parliamentary govern
ment. Zones and hemispheres have interests in
common. It is possible that the slowly crystallizing
community of interests among the nations of the
Western Hemisphere will end finally in the presenta
tion of a united front from the Dominion line to the
Straits of Magellan on all questions wherein the in
terests of the New World and the Old may clash.
England would have a remote sympathy and a cer
tain right in such union by virtue of her Canadian
domain, but, as from a partnership in such alliance
she would gain more than she would give, her entry
could not be by her own will. There is no desire
among Americans for the misfortune and downfall
of Great Britain. As a colonizing nation she has
carried civilization by fleet and sword, and the other
European nations cannot claim a quality of mercy in
external policy superior to hers.
This country is desirous of avoiding European
complications. We have nothing to gain by them.
If we were put in straits by war our alliances would
be negotiated with our Western neighbors. If they
are wise they will respond. The bar to such response
would be a ftar of our becoming so strong that we
might enter upon a policy of absorption which would
destroy their autonomy, and it would be the policy
of Europe to incite that fear and play upon their
jealousy. As long as we are able to inspire confi
dence in our sense of justice and in our determina
tion to respect our own constitution we may count
upon the friendship of our American neighbors.
While it is not our business to strengthen Eng
land, it is also our duty to give no encouragement
to her enemies. The issues of peace and war are be
tween her and them, and concern us as individuals
only, as a nation not at all.
The position of Davitt and the Irish members of
Parliament is taken in revenge for seven centuries
of history', in which England has absorbed the auton
omy of Ireland on the plea that possession of that
island is necessary to her destiny and her defense.
Wherever in the world it is necessary for any pur
pose to impeach England the Irish indictment of her
policy is read. It is n warning to the United States
to avoid that form of arrogance which assumes that
strong nations may of right usurp the sovereignty
of the weak in order to their own defense.
Our proposition to annex Hawaii is getting dan
gerously near to that policy which is the great stain
on England's escutcheon, and in all times of trouble
her weakness and her worry.
Once the dispatch of a Spanish flotilla of torpedo
boats was scheduled to be regarded as an act of hos
tility. The flotilla was dispatched, and informatio:i
went forth that the dispatch of a second flotilla would
never be endured. The second one started without
delay, and the circumstance has been borne up under
with a fortitude most admirable. But of course Spain
will not be permitted to start any more flotillas — un
less she happen to feel like it.
It will be useless to try to check the Kansas im
petus toward the higher education now. After a
single term in an Eastern seminary Sallie Jane Smith
of that State emerged as S. Jeannye Smythe. Still,
Sallie must be an unusual girl. A person of ordin
ary intelligence would hardly have received this pol
ish in less than a whole year.
Writing from Dan-son a miner says the gold up
there is enough to set tenderfeet crazy. He is un
doubtedly right, and this has nothing to do with the
amount of gold either. The vaguest rumor is suffi
cient to start a stampede of people, who, unless they
can plead lunacy, have absolutely no excuse.
There seems to be no adequate punishment pre
scribed for the man who tore out his horse's tongue.
Hanging would be too good for him, and.even this
" interdicted,
THE "INCIDENT" OF THE MAINE.
UPON the graves of American seamen in Cuba
the tribute of a national grief withers under a
tropic sun. Within sound of the signal guns
of Spain, beneath the very shadow of her flag, the
bones of the gallant Maine sink daily deeper into the
slime of Havana harbor. Yet Americans are told
that the wrecking of this ship was an "incident."
They do not accept the verdict. They know it was
treachery without parallel; wholesale murder without
pretext. They resent the imputation that any na
tion — least of all that nation whose history is made
up of broken pledges, of rapine, of brutality unspeak
able — shall be able thus to add a new chapter to its
infamy and go unpunished and unrebuked.
It was the diabolic destruction of the Maine which
inflamed the United States with a wrath so righteous
as to 'be almost holy. It was the news that this craft
had been sent to the bottom of a friendly harbor
it had visited on a mission of peace which
caused Congress to make an appropriation for war
and the country to applaud Congress. But have the
statesmen at Washington forgotten the Maine? Do
they no longer remember that the sailor lads sent to
death represented the dignity of a great people?
There is talk now of a "free Cuba," and we have it
borne in upon U3 by every message from the Capitol
that the passing of the Maine was an "incident."
This is an unnatural and monstrous conclusion. The
passing of the Maine was a tragedy, an appeal to
patriotism, a call to arms. The truth cannot be
veiled by the talk of Cuba's wrongs, however great
and grievous these wrongs may be.
Civilization viewed with horror the outrages in
Armenia, but it did not interfere. For years the con
dition of affairs in Cuba has been known and de
plored, but the United States could find no excuse
for intervention such as the comity of nations would
have upheld. It was for the Cubans to work out their
own salvation. But the Maine was destroyed, and at
once a new and mighty factor was brought into the
situation. The honor of America had been trailed in
the mire, and, inexplicable as may seem the fact, it
is trailed in the mire still. While an investigation
conducted with care and dignity has established as
truth the suspicion of Spain's guilt, the verdict is
thrown aside as of no moment and the tones of Sen
atorial eloquence quiver and quaver with tears for
wretched Cuba. Why not some oratory on behalf of
the land which built the Maine and sent her proudly
forth bearing its colors?
If Cuba is freed it will be as a punishment for a
specific wrong — the wanton killing of American citi
zens. If the stars and stripes fly above Morro Castle
it will be because the power centered there betrayed
a sacred trust. If Spain be driven from the West, the
last colonies wrested away, the act must be ascribed
to an outburst of the latent barbarism of Castile cul
minating in the slaughter of innocent and free-born
men. Such is the charge of America against Spain.
No effort of diplomacy, no cunningly contrived
speech, no expressions of sympathy can make us for
get it. It is impossible to understand why any one
should wish to make us forget it, except Spain, jubi
lant at having had the privilege of blowing up a lot
of "Yankees" and now the privilege of approving the
verdict or setting it aside.
We believe in the most complete reparation for the
loss of the Maine. We would have the Spanish for
this crime banished from the Western Hemisphere,
just as any other criminal is sent into exile. But the
course of retribution should be marked throughout
with the utmost frankness. Let it be known to Spain
and to the world that American honor, injured and
maligned, finds no balm in gold, no virtue in prom
ises, and deprives Spain of her possessions not for
gain, not for the sake of the Cubans, not on a general
plea for humanity, but in token that Americans in
Spanish territory, with the American flag waving
over them, are not to be butchered. The Maine will
float no more, but many a brave ship still carries the
colors she bore. It is in memory of the Maine, it is
for the rest of the navy, the honor of American citi
zenship, the safety of Americans everywhere, that the
peopWnow look to Washington for action quick, de
cisive, final. Cuba may benefit, but Cuba is the "in
cident."
MUNICIPAL ECONOMY.
TO our mind it is vain to assert that any system
of finance which can be adopted in this city,
by charter or otherwise, will effectually prevent
deficits in the local treasury. The sources of muni
cipal shortages are found, not in the organic law of
the town, but in the character and disposition of the
officials who disburse the accumulations of the tax
payers. Stringent laws and regulations can never
entirely prevent waste and extravagance in local
government. There is no way to secure an econ
omical municipal administration except to elect men
of ability and character to office.
This is a fact so patent that it seems a useless con
sumption of space to discuss those provisions of the
charter now being published in The Call which pro
vide for a change of system. Under the consolida
tion act most expenditures are fixed by law. This is
the difficulty with the County Clerk's office. The
law authorizes the head of that department to em
ploy a specified number of deputies and to pay them
certain salaries. No one is empowered to vary this
programme, and when the Supervisors appropriate
$76,000 for the County Clerk and that official ex
pends $130,000, the amount authorized by law, the
difference constitutes a deficit.
The new charter abolishes the general fund, sub
stitutes for it "appropriations!' by the Supervisors,
and limits every official to an expenditure of one
twelfth part each month of his appropriation. On
top of this there is a legal limit to taxation. This
undoubtedly abolishes the old system of grouping
most appropriations into one fund, but how will it
prevent deficits if the Supervisors shall continue to
make large appropriations and enact deficient tax
levies? The real cause of deficits has heretofore been
the failure of the Board of Supervisors, in obedience
to platform pledges, to raise a sufficient sum of
money by taxation to satisfy its own demands and
the legal demands of its co-ordinate departments.
How will this be remedied by limiting taxation and
substituting a number of funds for one fund?
Municipal deficits may be prevented by electing as
Supervisors plain men of business. There were no
deficits from 1883 to 1887, because the Supervisors
were determined there should be none. There are
deficits now simply because the Supervisors are care
less and extravagant. Tax-eating is the science of
getting money out of the public treasury with or
without rendering service — preferably the latter. No
system that can be adopted will invade this science
until appropriations are made and tax levies fixed by
men who sincerely desire to put an end to it. The
proposed charter may set up a better method of d"s
bursing the city's money than now prevails, bnt thai
method will not of itself produce economi
cal government. Honest, painstaking officials will
always be a necessary prerequisite of any close sys
tem cf finance.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, THTJKSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
THE FIGHT FOR PURE FOOD.
THE announcement that the Boa.d of Health is
preparing to take more vigorous steps than
ever to prevent the sale of impure milk in the
city will be gratifying to all who are aware of the
danger which lurks in such impurities. The danger
is all the greater because milk is so largely used as
the food of very young children whose systems have
not yet grown strong enough to resist the effects
of anything deleterious in what they eat.
The efforts made some time ago by the board
to protect the public from milk adulterations and
honest dairymen from the competition of dishonest
dealers resulted in much good. Rarely if ever has
the board performed a work which was more useful
to the general mass of citizens or was received
with more popular approval. That experiment in en
forcing the law was completely successful in its main
results, and from it may be drawn auguries of bene
fits to be accomplished by the new movement.
A crusade against the milk adulterators, however,
is not the only work the people expect of the Board
of Health. It is well remembered that the board has
brought to light the fact that a large proportion of
the fruit preserves sold in the city is adulterated.
A new crusade in the direction of suppressing that
evil would be as welcome as the one promised
against the unscrupulous dairymen. In short, the
fight for pure food should be kept up vigorously all
along the line, and if the board is unable to maintain
a continual watch it should make attacks on fraudu
lent dealers so frequently that they will find it cheaper
in the long run to be honest than to attempt to either
defy or evade the law.
The issue is one of growing importance, because
the advance of science is every year providing the un
scrupulous with new means of adulterating food so
cunningly that the average man cannot distinguish
the good from the bad. Vigilance on the part of the
law should increase with the increased activity of the
adulterators. Perhaps in the end a national law will
be required to deal with the subject properly, but in
the meantime municipalities can look out for them
selves. Let the Board of Health go forward with
courage against the wrong. It will have abundant
support from the people.
GREAT BRITAIN AND HER FOES.
DESPITE the attempts of Lord Salisbury and
his colleagues of the Ministry to reassure the
British people in the crisis that confronts the
empire, such confidence as ma/ remain among them
is weakening day by day. Every report from the
Orient shows that the Germans and the Russians are
steadily persisting in their demands upon China, and
every report from Africa notes another advance of
the French toward districts that have been claimed by
the British. Whether or not there is a formal alliance
between the three great powers of the Continent,
it is apparent from the course of events that they are
acting in harmony if not in concert, and that the in
terests of Great Britain are subject to the aggressions
of all.
In this situation there is clearly lacking in Great
Britain any well defined policy of action on the part
of either of the great political organizations. The
Liberals criticize Salisbury for Inaction, but they do
not advance any programme of action to which they
are willing to pledge themselves if restored to power.
Parliament without a dissenting voice voted an
enormous sum for the maintenance and extension of
the naval force of the empire, but not a man in Par
liament had a suggestion to offer as to how that force
should be exerted in the present emergency.
It is a Well-known fact that the- temper of a na
tion is largely determined by the temper of its offi
cial leaders. With a strong man at the head of affairs
a nation is strong. With a weak man it is vacillating.
This truth helps us to an understanding of the Euro
pean situation. Russia and Germany are ruled by
vigorous young men, one of whom is known to be
the most ambitious, proud and dominating ruler of
his time. These men, while perhaps not seeking war,
are not afraid of it. England is under the influence
of an old Queen whose sole desire is to live her re
maining years in peace. Her Prime Minister is old,
broken and in feeble health. He al9o prefers peace
to war. It is not strange that under such contrasted
leadership there should be vigor in the councils of
Russia and Germany, while in Great Britain there is
doubt, hesitation and delay.
With a Queen so desirous of peace as Victoria,
and under a Prime Minister so inclined to prefer dip
lomacy to war as Salisbury^ the prospect of an actual
outbreak over the situation in either China or Africa
is slight. It must be borne in mind, however, that
the British are a high-spirited, aggressive race, and
they will, not always be ruled as they are to-day. It is
written in the stars that sooner or later Great Britain
must fight for her empire, and the force of circum
stances may be such as to compel her to undertake
it now. There is such a thing as twisting the lion's
tail too much, even when the beast has been overfed
and desires to sleep.
There has grown up a habit of abusing Alfred
Austin because he does not often write poetry which
can be recognized as such, but he should be given due
credit when he does thump his lyre and rattle out a
little genuine melody. His latest effort was not per
fect, but it glowed with a kindly sentiment and went
for the most part with a swing and fire. Neither is
the thought of an ultimate alliance between the two
English-speaking countries wholly foolish.
It is time for a law prescribing life imprisonment
for the person who throws vitriol or any chemical
having similar effect with intent to mutilate another.
This crime has just been perpetrated at San Jose by
a woman. Indeed the offender ordinarily is a woman,
so it is a sense of gallantry which would send the
offender to prison rather than to the gallows.
Last evening's papers announced that the chances
for peace were considered good. The man into
whose face another man has expectorated copiously
can always be sure of peace by going away from
there, but some strange people are so constituted that
at such a crisis they would naturally be hankering for
a mixup and a total absence of harmony.
A Spanish sailor ashore at Newport News re
marked that Americans were all coward 9 and afraid
to fight Spain. There is no doubt he was in error,
and yet there has been so notable an effort on the
part of diplomacy to create the impression the sailor
incautiously voiced that he can hardly be blamed for
more than undue rashness.
Reports from Germany state that American inter
ference in Cuba would be regarded as impertinent.
So is German interference in a matter concerning
Spain and the United States.
For the Chronicle to criticize Correspondent Creel
man at every opportunity is not in the best taste. It
has not been forgotten that the Chronicle had a
Hornbrooke.
CRUISERS, MINES AND TORPEDOES.
Some Interesting Information on Subjects That Deeply
Concern the Public, but Are Not Gen
erallu Understood,
BY WILLIAM C. BOYNES.
The loss of the Maine and the
strained relations with Spain (for other
reasons) seem to have awakened a
lively general interest in torpedoes and
vessels of war. People generally know
little of either, and as a reply to a
single letter this column is published,
but the information given will doubt
less satisfy most of those who wish
enlightenment on these subjects. In
what follows technical terms are alto
gether avoided as far as at all possible,
the object being to instruct the general
reader— not the expert. The letter to
which this may be called a reply fol
lows:
The Manager Call— Sir: As I know
nothing of torpedoes, the use of a torpedo
catcher, how a torpedo is ejected, what
a cnuiser is as distinguished from a fight
ing ship, or much else about such mat
ters, I shall esteem it a favor, etc.
To begin with, it is necessary to
know what a torpedo is. The term use.!
to be applied to any submarine agent
that had destructive power, but to-day
a torpedo is exclusively something pro
pelled at an object for its destruction.
Submarine defense ia divided into
four distinct classes, viz.: (1) Ground
mines. (2) Buoyant self-acting mines.
(3) Controlled buoyant mines, and (4)
torpedoes.
(1) A ground mine la constructed by
placing a suitable amount of explosives
of high power — properly protected — in
position at the bottom of a harbor or
river. They are usually somewhat sunk
in the sand or mud, but rarely in hard
rock. Their principal advantages are
that they permit the use of heavy
charges of explosives without the cor
responding difficulty of mooring, and
that their position is easily determined
and can always be relied on. The num
ber of these wines which it is possible
to place is limited, for they can only
be used in shallow water. They are In
variably electrically connected with a
shore station from which they are flred
at will.
2. The buoyant, self-acting mines
may be fired either by simple mechan
ism or by an electrical device. They
usually consist of a metal case shaped
much like an inflated balloon which is
partially filled with dynamite or gun
cotton. On the top of the case there
protrude a half dozen or so small tubes
of a foot or more in length, and a ship
passing and striking either of these lit
tle tubes violently would break a glass
inner tube which by simple chemical
action in the purely mechanical class
releases a heavy weight which, falling
on the explosive in the bottom of the
case, acts as a detonator and fires the
mine. The electrical automatic mine
is constructed in much the same way,
but the explosion is caused by the
breaking of an electrical current when
either of the tubes at the top of the
case come into violent contact with an
other body. Of course, this class of
mine depends entirely for its usefulness
on the enemy's ship striking one of the
firing tubes.
3. The term controlled buoyant mines
Is applied to those which can be flred
only by electricity from the shore. They
do not differ much from the automatic
mines, and a combination of both has
proved successful. These controlled
mines are usually laid in groups, and
whenever possible and practicable the
electrical connections are made so that
one or any number may be fired at
once. The detonation is of course a
very simple matter. This form of sub
marine defense, though, is extremely
expensive, which prevents its more ex
tended use. These mines, as well as the
automatic, are moored by a chain or
wire cable to a heavy anchor, and by
an ingenious device it is possible to
keep them at any depth below the sur
face which may be deemed advisable.
Here it is interesting to note that it is
unsafe to moor one mine nearer to an
other thon at least six times the radius
of its striking distance. That is to say,
if a mine would work destruction a
hundred feet from where it is anchored
there must be at least 600 feet between
it and its next door neighbor, and 800
feet would be better.
4. For lack of space only one variety
of torpedo — the automobile — can be de
scribed. But it is practically the only
torpedo now in use. These little en
gines of war are really small vessels in
themselves. Shaped much like a ci^ar.
they have a couple of propellers, rud
ders and half a dozen watertight com
partments. The nose or percussion end
holds the cap, then comes the compart
ment devoted to explosives. There is
an air reservoir, a balance "chamber
(where the mechanism for keeping the
machine on an even keel is); there is
the engine compartment and the buoy
ancy chamber. The delicacy and accu
racy of the mechanism of these instru
ments of destruction are amazing. Not
only can they be aimed and fired with
almost the accuracy of a gun, but they
can be made to stop and come to the
surface at any 4 es ' re^ distance from
the ship firing them, and recent experi
ments tend to show that it will be pos
sible in the near future to even zig-zag
their course with accuracy. A torpedo
is ejected by placing it In a tube some
thing like a large grooved pipe. The
amount >t energy required to launch it
is very small, and the moment it
touches the water its engines (worked
usually by compressed air, but some
times electrically) start automatically.
The speed can be rpgulated in any de
sired way, but twenty knots are not at
all unusual. If the torpedo misses its
mark it will continue till Its air pres
sure is exhausted and then rise to the
surface. A Whitehead automobile
usually runs about ten feet below the
surface of the water, but that, too, is
a matter easily regulated.
The term "torpedo catcher" Is a mia
noxnef. It would seem to imply that
there are vessels built for the purpose
of locating and destroying torpedoes.
Indeed the Examiner is evidently of
that opinion, for in an article on things
naval which was Riven due prominence
it says the name of the torpedo catcher
"indicates its mission," which it cer
tainly does not. But that is not start
ling, for in the same article the Maine
was spoken of as a second-class cruiser,
when, of course, she was a second-class
battleship, and a plan of naval action
was mapped out which would make the
tears from a yellow canine stream down
his cheeks from laughter. "Torpedo
catcher" is a corruption of torpedo-boat
catcher, the first name given to the
larger torpedo-boats. Soon after the
advent of the torpedo-boat It became
I evident that means had to be devised
for the destruction of these little ter
rors. The success of the larger speci
mens for that purpose has called Into
existence the class of vessels known as
"torpedo-boat destroyers" — commonly
called simply destroyers. The speed of
a first-class destroyer is about 30 knots
an hour. She is slightly protected,
sometimes has as many as six torpedo
tubes (the old style torpedo-boat had
but one) and carries quite a consider
able battery of rapid-firing guns. The
coal carrying capacity of the destroyer
can never be great as at present con
structed. These little vessels are very
poor targets. They sit deeply in the
water and their speed is so great that
it is practically impossible to hit them,
except by the grace of Mr. Irving
Scott's "lucky shot." How true this is
will be seen from the fact that when
steaming thirty knots an hour the de
stroyer is making over a thousand
yards a minute. In action their prin
cipal mission is to destroy torpedo
boats, to protect battle-ships from them
and incidentally to torpedo the larger
ships of the enemy if possible.
The difference between a battle
ship and a cruiser is best shown by
comparing: a type of each; but the uses
for which each is intended are briefly
these: The battle-ship is for fensive
purposes only. She is intended for
fighting alone and is consequently as
heavily armed and armored as possible.
The cruiser, as thetname implies, is in
tended for a variety of cruising pur
poses; to act as convoy to transports
or commercial vessels, to patrol sea
space to blockade ports, to destroy the
enemy's commerce, and among other
things, to do her share of the fighting
when called into action. Cruisers are
of two types, armored and unarmored,
both of which are necessary to a com
plete navy. Recently, however, more
unarmored cruisers have been built
than those of the fully protected type.
The speed attained by first-class mod
ern cruisers is equal to that of the
fastest ocean greyhounds and supasses
nearly all merchant vessels. They hays
greater coal endurance than battle
ships, and are in a word eminently fit
ted for cruising. A coast defense ves
sel Is little more than a floating bat
tery, and except in great emergency
they are intended to stay close to land.
They are all heavily armed, and, like
the battle-ship, -well armored. In fact,
they carry as large guns as their size
will permit, usually in turrets.
For comparison of a cruiser with a
battle-ship scarcely a better example
could be chosen than the Olympia (she
is a first-class unarmored cruiser) and
the Oregon (a first-class battle-ship).
Both these vessels were built here.
They differ but six feet in length, yet
the breadth (or beam) of the battle
ship is 69 feet and that of the cruiser
but 53 feet. The displacement of the
battle-ship is 10,288 tons, and the
cruiser's but 5870 — little more than half.
The speed of the battle-ship is about 15
knots per hour, while the cruiser can
make nearly 22. In the matter of
armament the difference Is this: The
battle-ship carries four thirteen-inch
breech-loading rifled guns, eight eiKht
lnch and four six-inch of the same
type, with a complement of smaller
arms. The cruiser's heaviest ordnance,
however, is a battery of four eight-inch
guns of the same type, supplemented
by ten of five-inch bore. The equip
ment of lighter guns compares well
with the battleship. But, as will be
seen by what appears above, the uses
for which the vessels are intended
widely diverge. It is a moot question
among naval experts whether the day
for the heaviest type of battle-ships is
not rapidly passing away. At any rate
the increase in the number of torpedo
boats and destroyers in the past few
years has been very noticeable.
IN THE SOLDIERS' DEFENSE.
To the Editor of The Call: The
Chronicle has asserted editorially that no
one, except he is given to drinking or
weakmlndedness, would join the army as
an enlisted man at 513 per month. Now
this may have been written in good faith
and all that, but it certainly does not re
flect credit on the 2".,000 men composing
the army of the United States, nor is it
likely to stimulate the recruiting business.
No one wants to be considered a poor,
weak-minded inebriate because he joins
the army. It seems to me that men who
uphold the dignity and honor of our na
tion should be extolled as noble martyrs
instead of being stigmatized as idiots and
drunkards. As a matter of fact the
average of intelligence and temperance in
the United States army is eaual if not
superior to any military body in the
world. The Chronicle seems to forget the
importance of the soldier. Does not our
very existence hang on the valor and
bravery of the "boys in blue"?
What of it if his pay is small? Is that
not all the more reason why we should
encourage and praise him? Does that de
tract from his fighting qualities? At a
time like this, when every nerve is
strained to increase our strength, when
our hearts are beating in sympathy for
the poor persecuted Cuban and every
patriotic American is anxious for the
fray, it is bad policy to write pessimistic
editorials reflecting on the efficiency of
our national defense.
JACK DIAMOND
The Presidio, San Francisco, March 28
1898.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H"*HE published official reports
* show the Royal Baking
Powder to be a pure, healthful
preparation, absolutely free from
alum or any adulterant, greatly
stronger in leavening gas than
any other baking powder*
Consumers should not let this
valuable information, official and
unprejudiced, go unheeded*
A
ROYAL 6AKINQ POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
A WORD FOR THE PRESIDENT.
Editor The Call: Before the country
passes judgment on the President's atti
tude respecting Spanish affairs, is It not
the part of fairness to wait until he has
fully developed his policy? The Presi
dent Is a gentlemanly man. without a
strain of the bully in his character, and
his every act thus far indicates that
suaviter in modo, fortiter in re, la an
Instinct with him. Suppose, therefore, his
recent message is the glove on the iron
hand— that it is a polite request to Spain
to make reparation, and that, keeping the.
Maine question distinct from his Cuban
poll* ;. . ho intemls in a day or two to send
a message to Congress urging the recog
nition of Cuban independence, and that
then, having given Spain ample time in
which to make reparation for the destruc
tion of the Maine (if the recognition of
the independence of Cuba does not in the
meantime load to a declaration of war by
Spain), he intends to send the Spanish
Government an ultimatum on the Maine
question. Would not such a course put
the country in a more favorable light to
the world than though he had at the out
set recommended a policy that could in
any manner be construed into an attempt
at dragooning Spain?
C. W. FOSTER.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SANTA CLARA— Ing.. Mayfleld. Santq
Clara is in the jurisdiction of the United
States Land Office located at San Fran
cisco.
SILVER BULLION-F. W., Oakland.
From the report of the Secretary of the
United States issued December 31. 181*7,
it appears that the value of the silver bul
lion was 802^84,736 M.
TERRITORIES OF CANADA— W. E..
City. If a prospector starts from Victo
ria, B. C, and crosses American territo
ry to reach the Canadian Northwest Ter
ritory with an outfit, all such articles aa
are not exempt by law must pay duty
unless the same was previously bonded.
TO THE WRECK— F. C. City. A pe
destrian wishing to walk to the wreck of
the ship New York from San Francisco
would have to go along the county road
to San Mateo. and from that place fol
low the road that leads by the Spring
Valley dam at Crystal Springs and on to
Halfmoon Bay. If not desiring to take
so long a walk the individual can rido
to San Mateo.
SUPPORTING PARENTS— Ing., City.
Section 206 of the Civil Code says: "It ia
the duty of the father, the mother and
the children of any poor person who ia
unable to maintain himself Cor herself)
by work, to maintain such person to the
extent of their ability. The promise of
an adult child to pay for the necessaries
previously furnished such person is bind
ing.
THE CRABB EXPEDITION— W. A.,
City. Henry A. Crabb of Stockton, who
married a native of Sonora. Mexico, upon
the suggestion of relatives of his wife,
organized a company of 100 men to go to
Sonora and capture it. They went to San
Pedro in January. 1857, and then marched
to the Sonora line, where they were met
by men representing Governor Gantlara,
and after a fight, during which twenty
five of Crabb's men were killed, he sur
rendered. Subsequently Crabb and fifty
eight of his men were executed by the au
thorities of Sonora. Those who sent lor
him did not offer him any assistance.
LIFE INSURANCE AND WAR.
If even' male adult In the country car
ried a life insurance policy which lapsed
by its terms if the holder went to war, it
is easy to see that an outbreak of hostil
ities would cause a world of trouble in
more directions than one. The situation
is not quite so threatening in the present
case, but never before did so large a pro
portion of the population of military age
carry life insurance as now, and probably
most of these insurance contracts are
written on a peace or non-combatant ba
sis. One of the big New York companies,
however, has stated that its policy hold
ers may enlist for the possible war in the
assurance that their policies will be paid
if they are killed, but new insurance will
be fixed at a higher rate in cases where
the applicant intends to join the army.
Another of the big New York companies
announces that its policy restrictions re
specting a military life will be waived oii
payment of an additional premium of Z to
10 per cent.— Springlield (.Muss.j Kepub
lican.
BLASTS FROM RAM'S HORN.
Wrongs never grow strong enough to
right themselves.
Suspicion is a robber who conceals a
drawn dagger under his cloak.
There is no pathway through life that
does not have some roses in it.
Greatness can never be rightly meas
ured by the age in which it lives.
Men who are honest for policy's Bake
are generally dishonest at heart.
; It is doubtful if any man is ever so good
or so bad as others take him. to be.
Beware of the man who makes a spe
cialty of advertising his own humility.
. To be thoughtful for the . comfort of
others is the surest way to promote our
own.
Put a great man in a little world and
he will manage somehow to make It big
ger.
If we could only see our own faults as
plainly as we can see those of others,
how many of us would want to put out
our eyes?
— . « ♦ ■
Choice present Eastern friends, Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c Ib Jap bskts.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE DIPLOMATIC WAY.
The French Embassador to Great Brit
ain is a good diplomat. When Queen Vic
toria expressed to him the hope that noth
ing would arise to interfere with her visit
to the Riviera, he is said to have replied:
"It would be a misfortune for France,
madarae." A sweeter way of sayinjj
nothing could not be Imagined. — Indian
apolis News.
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" will Quickly
relieve Bronchitis. Asthma, Catarrh and Throat
Diseases. Sold only In boxes.
Nothing ooatrtbatea more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Sikgkhts Angostura Bittkhs
See that you yet the gfunine.
POINTER FOR "DIVINE RIGHTERS."
Prominent Eurroeans who have de
clared that a republican form of govern
ment is a failure will no doubt be sur
prised to note, by the plans for securing
pleasant inauguration weather, that the
country looks forward to electing presi
dents as usual. — Washington Star.KIND WORDS HAVE NOT BEEN HERS,
A Native Daughter Whose Struggles and Privations
Were Considered a Joke at Home.
MISS LILLIAN LAMSON.
When the audience that packed the Columbia Theater last Monday night to
■witness the presentation of "A Naval Cadet" applauded the conclusion of the
first act, the entire praise was not for the popular pugilist. There was another
in the company who was native to the State and whose friends had gathered to
show that they were not unmindful of the credit she had reflected on the city of
her birth since she' left it six years ago to win laurels on the Eastern stage. The
one In question is Miss Lillian Lamson, a San Francisco girl, who, since she first
came before the footlights some seven or eight years ago with Frederick Warde
at the California, has been steadily climbing upward, until she now occupies a
position on the theatrical ladder so near the top that a very little exertion will
place he*r where her glances will travel only downward.
Miss Lamson was born on California street in this city twenty-seven years
ago. She first attended the local public schools, from which after graduating she
was sent across the bay to Snell's Seminary to finish her education. Shortly be
fore her full term at that Institution had been completed her father, who was at
one time a man of considerable wealth, failed, and she was forced to look for
some way of earning feer own living. As she had displayed considerable talent in
a number of private theatrical entertainments, her thoughts naturally turned to
ward the stage, and obtaining an opportunity through the kindness of Mr.
Warde, who was then playing an engagement at the California, she made her
i debut with him as Juliet, scoring an instantaneous success that procured en
gagements for her at the local theaters, where- she continued to play different
parts for the next lew years.
Finally she decided to go East, where she played with a number of different
organizations until three years ago, when she accepted an offer to become the
leading lady of Corbett's company, where she has remained ever since.
"I am glad to get home, of course," said Miss Lamson yesterday, "because it
Is here that my parents live and the associations of my girlhood are brought to
mind. I must say, however, that the papers of my native town have not been
as kind to me as I could wish. I don't mean in the matter of dramatic criticism.
Of that I have no complaint to make. I mean that when I went on the sta2e I
went because I needed the money to support myself and help my parents. This
fact, as well as all my private family matters and personal eccentricities have
been made the subject of so many cruel articles that I rather dread an Interview
as I don't know in what light I will be made to appear in the morning.
"I don't wish to claim any unusual talent for myself, as I would rather let
my acting and the critics speak for me. Whatever success I have made is the re
sult of many a hard day's work and many a bitter lesson in self-abnegation.
Why, I have been In New York when I did not know where I was to eat or sleep
during the next twenty-four hours, and have gone for months and months want
ing many of the necessaries of life, to say nothing of the comforts, in my en
deavor to win my own way and not burden with the expense of my support
parents who couid ill afford it. And when that is all past and I find myself on the
way to prosperity, I must confess that it is rather more gratifying to get kind
words from the people at home than to have my past hardships and mortifica
tions made the subject of unkind jests and cutting sneers."
Miss Lamson married Andrew Robson of the "Blue Jeans" company some
time ago, but the couple decided to separate, owing to incompatibility of tem
per, and have not been living together for nearly two years past.
PETER MAHER IS
NOW TALKED OF
The Irish Champion Tele
graphs That He Will
Fight Jeffries.
Young Oriffo Will Meet Kid Par
ker in Sacramento In
April.
The Olympic Club having had the con-
Bent "of Jeffries to fight any pugilist,
under its auspices, has been making
every effort possible to brine about a
match between Jeffries and Sharkey, but
the last named pugilist is seemingly dis
inclined to clash with the big heavy
weight from Southern California, and as
a consequence the Olympic Club's super
intendent. W. J. Kennedy, has been look-
Ing elsewhere for war material.
Yesterday Kennedy received a dispatch
from M. J. Connolly, the backer and man
ager of Peter Maher, which read as fol
lows:
PITTSBGRG. March 30, 1898.
VT. J. Kennedy. Olympic Club, San Fran
cifco: v.i.at guaranty will you eiye us?
Maher will m-et Jeffries anywhere before the
club that offers the *£°XJX Jr bOHNOIiT.
This message was In answer to a letter
that was written to Mahbr by the secre
tary of the Olympic Club asking the
Irish champion if he would fight Jeffries
In this city. ' .;
Kennedy said yesterday that he would 1
prefer a fight between Sharkey and Jef
fries, as the sporting people of this city
are anxious to Bee how Sharkoy will con
duct himself against an opponent who is
willing to try the sailor out in rough and
tumble tactics. But that if Sharkey falls
to put in an appearance at an early hour
to-day the Olympic Club will match
Maher and Jeffries to fight twenty
rounds in this city between April 20 and
April 30. v ■ f ■■
The consensus of opinion is that Shark
ey will say to-day that he is willing to
see Jeffries and Maher fight and that he
will challenge the winner to a finish fight
in Carson. ; .
"Kid" Parker and young Griffo have
been matched to fight twenty rounds be
fore-the Sacramento Athletic Club en
April 14, men to weigh in on the day of
the fight at 140 pounds. Griffo will go to
Blanken's in a few days to train for the
mill. Parker is now training at some re*
sort near Sacramento.
It is said that the Occidental Handball
and Athletic Club, which is the latest
organization of its kind, has petitioned
the Supervisors for a permit to give an
athletic entertainment in April in Mow
ry's Hall. If the request is granted the
club intends matching M. Connolly and
Dal Hawkins fur a twenty-round contest
Had a Crying Spell.
Looking around her home, which had
just been furnished by a downtown estab
lishment. Mrs. M. concluded to talk with
her friend out in the Mission about It, so
boarded a Fillmore-street car. On the
corner of Sixteenth and Mission Mrs M
took a transfer. While waiting she was
attracted by the beautiful display of Pat
tosien's, and remembering thefr "ads "
determined to see if they really sold as
cheap as they advertised. Entering Pat
tosiens, Mrs. M. saw such beautiful fur
niture and handsome floor coverings at
ngures so much lower than she had paid
that she sank into one of those dainty
rockers and cried and cried, for she had
been advised to buy at Pattosien's. but
would not believe that such a large estab
lishment could exist way out in the Mis
sion. Mrs. M. is now thoroughly con
vinced, and advises everybody to call at
Pattosien'a before buying elsewhere
Everything marked in plain figures'
Everybody welcome. •
Abused Hack Horses.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals is interest
ed in the prosecution of Romeo Fabri,
for whose arrest Caspar Stein has sworn
to a warrant charging Fabri with cruelty
to animals. Stein is a livery stable man,
and a few days ago he sent Fabri with a
rarriaee to Holy Cross Cemetery. On the
way bark th» driver ran his horses until
they were exhausted, so Stein says, and
left them at the stable door. It is also
.-aid that he forgot to turn over to the
stable-keeper the money he received from
those who were benelited by the ride.
No License on Warehouses.
In response to a request from license
Collector Bonnett, City and County At
torney Creswell has rendered an opinion
that a license tax cannot be collected on
the business of keeping a bonded ware
house, on the ground that such institu
tions are under the protection and con
trol of the General Government for tht
"more certain collection of its revenues."
Try the "Koh-I-Xoor" lead pencil, and
you will have no further use for others. •
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
BASEBALL HAS
COME TO STAY
With Dual Leagues the
Games Are Certain to
Be Hard Fought.
Midweek Gossip of Doings on
the Home and Interior
Diamonds.
Interior Clubs Begin the Importation
of Players to Strengthen Weak
Points.
"With two regularly organized leagues
playing ball in this city every Saturday
and Sunday it looks as though the na
tional game had come to stay. Since the
death of the old California League base
ball has b_een in a state of coma here, but
although the public has refused to pa
tronize the games tbe players have kept
themselves in constant practice, with the
result that there are scores of ball play
ers in California to-day who are capable
of putting up as fast a game as the most
ardent crank would care to see. During
the past half-dozen years many have
graduated from the sandlots into the pro
fessional ranks, and these, with such of
the old players who have kept themselves
in the game, have been drafted into the
present organization. They will have to
put up the.bes*. they have in stock, for
San Francisco is comparatively small,
and even in its palmiest days, from a
baseball standpoint, it would have been
difficult for two leagues to exist here.
Consequently, unless both organizations
uncork the blue ribbon article and play
right up to their limit all tne time, one
or the other will be forced to the wail,
for with the teams of either league har
vesting naught but icicles that band is
doomed. At best, the interior clubs can
do little more than meet expenses on their
home grounds and when visiting other
interior points, so that the profit must be
derived from the San Francisco games.
All these facts justify the prediction that
every man who plays ball on a Califor
nia diamond this year will have to excel
his previous efforts in order to keep in
line, and the slightest let-up will be the
signal for his release. Slovenly played
games, dragged out to more than two
hours, unless they be extra Inning games,
will no longer be tolerated. Short, sharp
contests, full of life and episode, are what
the patrons demand and what they will
get with the two leagues bidding for
popularity.
The Fresno team of the California
League is determined to have the best
there if going. This is the first season
Fresno has ever been represented in a
regular State league, and the people there
are anxious to prove their oft-made as
sertion that theirs is one of the best base
ball towns in the State. The managers of
the team have plenty of capital behind
them, and have spared no expense in get
ting together a strong aggregation and
giving it a good home. A new ball park
has been laid out, with grand stand and
bleachers capable of seating several
thousand people erected. Regular sal
aries are guaranteed the players, and the
strongest team it has been possible to
secure has been gathered. But not con
tent with those now under contract, the
management has sent East for more
players, and has secured a battery from
Dcs Moines and a shortstop from one of
the "Western League teams. The names
of these players are kept secret at pres
ent, the managers preferring to spring
th.^m as a surprise when they make their
fir. t appearance, but they are said to be
exceedingly fast. Fresno was to have
opened its new grounds last Sunday, but
a heavy rain Friday night soaked up the
diamond so that it could not be played
on. The opening of the season will take
place April 3, when San Francisco will
meet the babies.
A strong effort Is being made to induce
President Bert of the Pacific States
League to reinstate McGulre of the San
Francisco team. After McGuire's un
warranted attack upon Daubenbis at the
close of last Sunday's game at Central
Park, President Bert ordered the first
baseman's instant release. He said there
might be some excuse for a man who
struck another in the heat of passion,
but MeGuire nursed his wrath until the
close of the game and then *mote Dau
benbis, which act was sufficient to prove
him unworthy of being allowed to go
upon a diamond. Manager Crowley has
represented to Bert that if the latter's
order holds another member of the San
Franciscos will leave the team, but Bert
wa-s obdurate, and said McGulre could
not play any more if every man in the
team withdrew.
The strong teams presented by Oakland,
Fresno and San Francisco of the Califor
nia League have made the managers of
San Jose. Stockton and Sacramento do
some bracing up of their weak points.
San Jose has secured Oui^elder Parker
and Catcher Weed, both strong men,
while Sacramento has signed Kdwards,
Spokane's famous outfielder, and Catcher
J. R. SuSMvan, who has played with both
the Western and Eastern Leagues. Stock
ton has not been behind , and has gatnered
in its old battery, Iberg and Peters, who
did the brunt of the work for ftie Cali
fornia Markets last season. In addition
Beck, a pitcher from Seattle, with a good
record, has been secured for the season.
Treasurer Bonnet of the Pacuic States
League has on hand $15 SO, received from
the games at Central Park and Sacra
mento last Sunday, which is to be held
until the close of the season when it will
be divided between the first three clubs,
the winner taking ha'f and the other two
dividing the remainder. Two per cent of
every' game played is to be set aside for
this purpose, so that the fund will be
worth battling for, and is a further guar
antee of good ball. San Francisco con
tributed $6 SO of the amount turned in
and Sacramento $9, while San Jose has
not yet made its report.
The California League has a similar
fund, setting aside PA per cent of the re
ceipts for that purpose.
THROWN FROM THEIR BERTHS.
Suit of Brandt Against the Southern
Pacific Company for Fifty Thou
sand Dollars' Damages.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday the trial of the suit of Ernest
Brandt against the Southern Pacific Com
pany was begun before a jury. Brandt
asks for $50,000 damages for injuries al
leged to have been sustained on the
southbound train, near Roseville Junc
tion on March 30, 18^7, when he was
thrown from his berth by a sudden stop
page of the train, and his shoulder was
dislocated, crippling him for life, as he
alleges. Brandt is a subject of Great
Britain. His wife,' Susannah, died of her
Injuries, and Brandt has another suit for
JSO 000 damages for her death.
Two passengers testified that they were
also thrown out of their berths, but wit
nesses for the railroad company denied
that there was any accident on that oc
casion.
Will Purchase Meeker's Grove.
The special meeting called by the Bo
hemian Club yesterday afternoon for the
purpose of considering the proposition of
the purchase of Meeker's Grove, near
Guerneville. resulted in a unanimous vote
in favor of it. Aft^r considerable dis
cussion it was decided to issue bonds cov
ering the entire amount asked by the
Sonoma Land and Lumber Company for
the property, which will be immediately
issued. % This grove that is soon to pass
into the possession of the "Bohemians"
of this city has been their favorite spot
for years for holding their annual high
jinks, and the actual possession of it
means many of those mysterious noc
turnal events so appropriate to un
civilized regions.
Will Go to the Jury To-Day.
The second trial of Dr. Samuel H. Hall,
who is aroused of having, through crim
inal malpractice, caused the death of Mrs.
Ida Coakley.. will be concluded to-day in
Judge Dunne's court.
808 MITCHELL, the Latest Adjunct of the Tivoli Company
Another of San Francisco's popular amateur minstrels and vaude
ville artists will loin his fortunes to the army of professional Thespians and •
launch out in a footlights career for all time. This time it is Bob Mitchell, and
the scene of his first professional venture will be the Tivoli, Saturday evening,
April 9, at the initial performance of "Sinbad."
Mitchell Is thoroughly well known to San Francisco. Whenever a charitable
organization entertained its friends with a performance of any kind, it was an
even bet that Bob Mitchell would appear in black. He has filled a number of
roles running the scale from minstrel to the prlma donna in a Chinese opera.
His latest successes have ~een in tne Olympic minstrel aggregation, among -which
Mitchell was always seen on the end.
If success as an amateur is any index of what will be his portion of popular
approval as a professional, Autchell's career on the boards will be strewn with all
kinds of sweet flowers. He is a natural low comedian, with full knowledge of
his craft. As a minstrel or in eccentric parts Mitchell displays an aptitude that
fits in readily with the character he attempts to present. His voice is also well
suited to eccentric low comedy parts. What he may lack at firs, is assurance,
composure and self-control.
Mitchell's part in "Sinbad" will be Chokey, twin of Hokey, to be piayed by
Branson They are detectives, and their adventures would fill a modern "Arab
ian Nights" book with phantasmagoric tales. Linked together by spiritual affini
ties these Siamese sleuthhounds do wondrous things.
The first performance of "Sinbail" will be attended by large theater parties,
all gathered to trumpet the first stroke of the stage career -of their friend Bob
Mitchell The several cycling annexes of the Olympic Club will be on hand in a
body. Floral pieces in profusion have already been ordered and the young hls
trion' may anticipate a deluge of flowers.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
L. F. Booth of Spokane Is at the Occl
! dental.
Fred Dodd of Fresno 1b a guest at the
1 Baldwin.
W. H. Patterson of Reno Is registered at
; the Lick.
A. B. Mason and wife of San Jose are at
the Lick.
Alan Maclear of UoMen la a guest at
the Palace.
D. W. Buchard, an attorney of San Jose,
is at the Grand.
Dr. Carl Walliser vi Sonora Is registered
at the Occidental.
F. L. Lusk, the Chlco fruit man, is a
guest at the Palace.
Charles Mailer of Port Townsend 13 a
guest at the Occidental.
A. J. Larson, a newspaper man of Lodi,
is staying at the Grand.
Dr. D. P. Durst, a prominent physician
of Wheatland. is at the Grand.
William Hill of OH City; Pa.. Is at the
! California with his wife and child.
Edward Wa.^en Jr. is at the California,
accompanied by his wife and child.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stevens have come
up from Menlo and are at the Palace.
William and Henderson Kiggely of j
Springfield, 111., are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Page have returned
from Catalina, and are at the California.
J. E. Terry and wife of Sacramento are
among the late arrivals at the Occidental.
Walter Vail, the big Arizona cattleman,
is registered at the Palace irom Los An
geles.
It has been
sung in "Pina
fo r e," and is
generally accept
ed, that the po
liceman's lot Is
not a happy one,
yet there are
HIS
INATTENTION
CAUSED
TROUBLE.
oo'oooooo
: those who claim that the hotel clerk is en
titled to the distinction of being the man
i who has to bear with the most annoy
; ances.
At a down-town hotel the other -day one
i of those delightful women who make men
; comfortable by keeping up a^ running fire
of self-deprecation was boring the clerk
to death with a conversation which she
serenely thought was interesting and
flattering to the fellow.
"Yes, we went out to the park," she
said. "It's just lovely, isn't it?"
"Yes, indeed." (Weariness.)
"But I couldn't walk far. It's too bad;
I must be getting old."
"Oh, no, really! You " (Last year's
smile.)
"Oh. I know it. Don't try to deceive
me. I was so shocked at the ladiee on
bicycles. We were on a by-path, and I
said to my husband: 'Henry, let's go out
where we can see more.' Ha. ha, ha!
And just th»n several ladies in costume
went by just flying; and my Henry said:
'How can we see more with decency?'
Ha, ha. ha, ha-a-a, ha-a! What a wit
Mr. Peck is! I wish I were not so dull.
Such wit! Ha, ha, ha!"
"Ha, ha, ha!" (Gloomily.)
"I'm slow and a back number, I puess,
but I can't approve of bloomers. We
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ ELECTRO-MEDICAL i
L NERVOUS DISEASES
>■■■ Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic Headaches. Nervous Twichings. Cold Feet
>■ Palpitation ol the Heart, Diiriness, Evil Forebodings, Melancholy, WEAK AND "jp
SINKING SPELLS NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attendant ailments. The ■■ ,
, awful effects of neglected or improperly treated casen, producing Weakness of __ (
(^T Body and Brain, Dizziness, Faiiing Memory, Lack of Energy and Confidence, 01 ,
t Chest pains and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Medical treatment is w ,
> a the o;ilr successful cure for nervous ailments. _J ,
>f^ TO THE YOUTH, w*o -.s suffering the rasults of indiscretions, w> the MID- ~,
DLE-AOED and OLD MEN who are paying the penalties for excesses and too «
kfflf'ista life.taiß treatment isa certain cure. It imparts new life to the whole t
kWboay; it invigorates the weat and dormant organs, all their natural strength
k returns, the mind becomes bright and active, the muscles become firm and
t strong, in fact the whole being i» filled with new life and vitality, bringing to
> ■■I man the manly power and mental brightness which is necessary for him to^™<
k ■■■ possess in order to cope with the realities of life. We can truthfully say to all m i
»aps suffering from such troubles tbfet our treatment is THE CURE; it is absolute;
tJLj it is certain; it is positive; itis lasting; it never fails; it makes MAN the MAN ™|«
> in every tense of the word. „
\\r Write if you cannot call. Pl<
. CONSULTATION FREE at Office or by Letter. 1
I STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE \
! ENTRANCB. 3 EDDY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. \
don't countenance anything like that in
Dubuque.' •
"Yes'm." (Resignedly.)
"In fact, I think riding the bicycle is a
most unwomanly thing. That may sound
prudish. I suppose you think I'm an old
fool."
"Yes'm."
"Sir-r-r-r!"
"Why— ah • • • ah— why— what— what
is it? >- "
"I'll not remain here to be Insulted by
menials. I shall report you to the pro
prietor. I "
Curtain!
W. T. Hunter of New Tork is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife and
family.
L. Bryant Hill of Providence, R. 1., is
at the Palace. Mrs. Hill accompanies her
husband.
]{. J. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, is stay
ing at the Grand.
H. Chamberlin, a former resident of San
Francisco, arrived from New York yes
terday, accompanied by his wife,
Benjamin Alcovich is one of the passen
gers who arrived on the San Bias yester
day morning from San Salvador and went
to the Occidental.
At the Palace there arrived last night
a large delegation of tea men, bound for
the Orient, where they go yeany to be
present at the opening of the season.
Mrs. Frank Pixley, who has been suf
fering: from a complication of grip and !
heart disease, is on the road to recovery,
though, she is still confined to her house.
Manager S. H. Friedlander will accom
pany F. Marion Crawford and his. man
ager. Major J. B. Pond, on their tour
south, and be absent from the city for a
week.
Railroad commissioner H. M. La Rue
has been made chairman of the National
Convention of Railroad Commissioners,
to fill the place left vacant by the .death
of C. L. Davidson.
A party of Boston tourists consisting of
Mr. and Mrs. WMliam McKee, Mr. and
Mrs. James Phelps and family, George
Somes and the Misses Somes arrived in
the city yesterday and went to the Cali
fornia.
Vice-President J. C. Stubbs of the
Southern Pacific has returned from his
visit to his father in Ohio, and Is await
ing: the coming of C. P. Huntington, who
is expected to arrive in this city about
Tuesday or Wednesday next.
A Newspaper Thief.
The occupants of Post street have
been missing their Call for several morn
ings during the past two or three months
and Policeman Tuchler determined to
keep a lookout for the thief. About 6
o'clock yesterday morning he saw a man
take the paper from the doorstep, and
he and the carrier followed him and
placed him under arrest. At the City
Prison he gave the name of A. H. Han
son. He was charged with petty larceny
and the case will come up this morning
in Judge Campbell's court.
Value of the Mexican Dollar.
The Secretary of the Treasury has noti
fied Collector Jackson that for the quarter
beKinning April the value of the Mexican
dollar receivable in payment of duties has
fixed at 44.4 cents. During the
quarter just pas.t the value was 46 cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
Ullbach
PATENT
SUSTAINED.
INJUNCTION GRANTED,
Judge Townsend, in the United States Circuit
Court for the Southern District of New York, has
sustained the Welsbach Light Company Patent
and granted an injunction.
Every manufacturer, seller or user of incan-
descent gas lights other than the Welsbach is,
under this decision, an infringer of the patent.
All infringers will be proceeded against al
once.
We again caution the public against the pur-
chase of any incandescent mantel other than that
made and sold by the Welsbach Company or its
agents.
Every genuine Welsbach Lamp has trade-
mark, "Welsbach," conspicuously printed upon
the package and upon the burner itself.
Dealers desiring to handle the genuine article
should communicate at once with the address
given below.
FOR SALE AX '
134 ELLIS STREET.
SUPPLIES
' - "^ -- should include
; BORDEN'S J
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM^
'|r. UNSWEETENED
The high reputation for keeping
qulity is already well estab-
lished ; hence, no experiment. i
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. )
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on April sth direct for
SKAGUAY
—AND—
DYEA.
SHIPMENTS TAKEN.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
'Phone— Main 1779.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ALLKctvous IHaearea— Failing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other .Excesses ana Indis-
cretions, They quMcltf and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or yonng. and
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
me. Their n«e shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUKE vrhere all other fail In-
fist npoc having tho eennino Ajox Tablets. Thej
hare cured thousands end ! cere you. We give a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a care eft PY© is
each case or refold tho money. Price vU V I Viper
rackaprn; or six i-kc^s (fall treatment! for (2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
freo AJAX REMFOVCO.- *BS£??£*
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnits A Co.,
K0 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 953. ilkt.
lH^li]i|^]^ii
IHA YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcers ■
in Mouth, Halr-Fallin?? Write COOK BEM- ■
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- ■
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital H
n $500,000. Worst cases cured In IS to 35 days, m
M $500,000. book free. ■-":'■:.- In 15 to 36 days. ■
IIW-p:ifre boot free. ■
>>ffiS.DEWEY,STRONG &Co.^>gV
E 11
%ft r , ji n MARKET SLSf^SaiS
N£iy33o MARKET ST. S.F.
AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.) .
Raoing From Monday,. March 21, to . .
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
x ...--- r First Race at 2 P. M.
& P. R. R. TRAINS 12:45 and "1:15 P. M.
DAILY. , ;
Leave Third-street station, . stopping at Va-
lencia street. ; Returning immediately after. th«
' ELECTRIC CAR LINES. '.::-:-
Kearny and Mission street cars - every thre*
minutes, direct to track without change. ' Fill-
inore-street cars transfer each way.
S. X. ANDROUS, President.
F. 11. GREEN. Secretary. ' .
OLYMPIA— , Co '™°< M' son * ni :
■- : - Eddy Strewn.
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est ' free bill in the world. ' - MAE 1 TUXISOX,
operatic ; selections; DOLLY PAXTOX, I ballad-
ist; the 3 ' ALBIOXS, * grotesque comedians;
ZANFRELLA & WALSH, porch artists, : and
ten others. -House Healed. Admission free, -
\
AMUSEMENTS.
BAkDWINJTHEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
THE TRIPLE ATTRACTION,
/\INIV/\ HELD.
**f\ G/\Y DECEIVER,"
THE CAT AND THE CHERUB.
Every Evening, Including Sunday. Matinee
Saturday.
COMlNG— Hoyt's "A STRANGER IN NEW-
YORK." . . - . .
COLUMBIAJ-HEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
JMW\ES J. CORBETT
And His Admirable Dramatic Company
M Charles T. Vincent's ' Comedy Drama,'
I\ NAVAL CADET.
The Entire New York Academy of Music
. ;.. v,f v . Production.
NEXT MONDAY,
JAMES A. HERNE
. In His Delightful Comedy Drama.
SHORE ACRES.
BEATS READY TO-DAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Revival of the Great Moral Melodrama,
TEN NIGHTS
IN A BARROOM !
. Reappearance of
HARRY MAINHALL as JOE MORGAN.
The Infant Prodigy. LA PETITE LUND, aa
"LITTLE MARY."
Special New Scenery and Effects.
Brilliant New Comedy and Specialties.
Evening Prices, 10c, 23c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
* day and Sunday.
A GREAT STRONG BILL.
The FIVE WHIRLWINDS. Arabian Acro-
batic Wonders: WATSON, HUTCHINS and
EDWARDS, German •Comedy Stars; MONT-
GOMERY and STONE, black-face comedy: the
GLISANDOS. musical Clowns: GEORGE H.
WOOD. Comedian; CARRIE SCOTT. Singinir
Soubrette; McCALL and McDANIELS. ATHAB
and COLLINS and CHARLES T. ELLIS and
Company. ,
Reserved Seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. Ernestine Krelixg. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS!
The Most Successful of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
NEW SONGS — DANCES — SKITS — NEW.
NEXT WEEK.
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!"
LOOK OUT FOR "SINBAD."
Popular Price 5......!.......:... 250 and 600
No Telephone Orders Received.
ALCAZAR., ™
. . LAST FIVE TIMES. -
. LAST MATINEE = SATURDAY. . v
- Of the Roaring 'Farce, .
THE IUjfUMMY. 'THE n/WUMMY.
HE Iwt UMMY. i HE IVi UMMY.
MONDAY NIGHT— The Madison Square The-
ater (New York) Success, "'JANE."
Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
DELORME'S SUNLIGHT PICTURE,
ITEBIEBB DE FEME,"
COMPANION PIECE TO
"THE BLACKSMITH/
NOW ON VIEW ../
F"REE OF CHARGE...
IN THE ART ROOM AT
THE EMPORIUM and
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING -.'
- From 10 a.' m. to 2p. m. « Daily at the '
- - - ZOO - -
V IN. THE CHUTES. - : 7; v^
finest; wild ANIMALS in captivity!
Last Week, of Captain Cardono's' Group of
, Trained ' Lions— Most Thrilling ■ :• : /--
. -,, 1 , , . Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11. p. ta.'-::;i:J.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. Children, Be '
CHIQUITA receives . afternoon* . and - evening.
78
MIDNIGHT
CAPERS OF A
LOCAL TEMBLOR
W. F. Howe Narrowly Es=
capes Death in a Razed
Building.
Much Alarm Caused Here and in
Other California Towns, but
Little Damage of a
Serious Nature.
At exactly 17 minutes to 12 o'clock
last night, as shown by the halted
hands of the clocks, San Francisco was
shaken by the severest earthquake that
has visited it in many years. There
was no preliminary tremor, so far as
downtown observers know, but without
an instant's warning the- rocking be
gan. So long was the movement con
tinued, and so violent was it, that re
ports the most exaggerated, born
of the terror and surprise of the mo
ment, were at once in circulation. It
is probably no exaggeration to say the
shook lasted ten seconds, but which
way the earth was moved must be left
to the determination of scientific in
struments. Nobody who was under
going the sensation of being churned
by the forces of nature, and who was
thoughtful enough to take out his
watch and time the jolts, has yet been
found.
There were in the restaurants to
which after-theater parties resort
scenes of panic almost comical
at the time, but no on-looker apre
ciated the funny side of them. People
who had ordered refreshments fled for
the outer air and forgot everything ex
cept an ardent desire to get away from
there.
Some trivial accidents were reported.
At 687 Mission street plastering fell, to
the great alarm of the inmates. In a
lodging-house at Minna and Third
streets an overturned lamp set fire to
the curtains, but it was quickly sub
dued. Probably there were many
niinor accidents of this description.
"Wild rumors were at once started, but
traced to their source proved to be
based more on fright than actual hap
pening.
Naturally much Interest centered
about the Claus Spreckels building at
Third and Market streets, this being
the tallest structure in the city. People
had looked forward to seeing it sub
jected to some such test as it received
last night. The result was an absolute
triumph for the structure. While it
swayed, as was inevitable in an edifice
rising nineteen stories, it sustained not
a sign of injury. Nq plastering crack
ed, no joint yielded. At the moment of
the shock several gentlemen were in the
rooms of the San Francisco Club on the
seventeenth floor engaged in playing
■billiards. They did not stop the games.
Everybody realized that the unusual
was happening and that the ground
was some distance below, but there was
nothing in the nature of a rush for the
elevator. Later the chief engineer of
the building gave it an inspection from
basement to flagpole and found it with
out sign of fla r .v.
In the hotels people jumped from
their beds at a lively rate, each explain
ing that his purpose was to see how
other people were acting under the im
pulse of fear. Of course these searchers
after the truth did not own to any
pangs of fear themselves, yet they sat
about for a long time after the bosom
of Mother Earth had sunk to its ac
customed repose and discussed the sit
uation.
Many men turned pale. Men who de-
THE COLLAPSE ON CLEMENTINA STREET WHICH NEARLY COST W. F, HOWE HIS LIFE
clared they could not be scared by any
earthquake turned white as chalk, and
when they called for a drink to sooth
their troubled breasts there -was a
quaver in their voices which bespoke a
feeling not of unruffled joy.
■ The house at 445 Clementina street
was a total wreck. The hero of the
day or rather night was William F.
Howe, who, after discovering that the
door of the house was jammed in
such a way that it, was impossible to
get out, broke out a pane of glass with
his hand and then after raising the
■window helped his wife and relatives
on the sidewalk, from where they were
Boon taken to Mrs. O'Brien's grocery
Btore across the street. Upon examina
tion it was discovered that Howe had
sustained severe bruises about the body
and after he had removed every one
from the wrecked building fainted on
the sidewalk and was carried across the
street.
Howe had lived in the building with
his wife and mother-in-law, Mrs.
Davis, and In the seme building were
Charles Bergstein and family, Mr. Tier
ney, Mr. Kaiser. Mr. Hoffman, George
Mills and their families.
It was thought to be a miracle that
many lives were not lost in the col
lapse of the dwelling. The injured man
blames the owner of the property for
the acefdent, as he states that on many
occasions he had been notified of the
condition of the house. According to
his reports the building had been in a
state of collapse for many months and
all attempts to have it reconstructed
were without avail.
George Mills was one of the first men
on the street after the shock, and when
he saw that the door of the building
was jammed in he went to the window
which had been broken by Howe and
i assisted him in rescuing the frightened
I women in the building. All along the
street windows had been broken out
and panic reigned supreme. A chemical
engine was soon on the scene, although
I no blaze had been reported.
Two chimneys on the old Supreme
Court building on Larkin and McAllis
ter streets were so twisted by the
shock that they are momentarily ex
pected to fall. The Fire Department
was summoned last right and stretched
ja line prohibiting travel wTtTiin the dan
ger limits.
Marion Crawford, the lecturer, was
dining with Mayor Pond. "I am used
to earthquakes," said Mr. Crawford,
"and was only afraid that Pond would
get frightened and run away without
paying for his dinner." ■
As Mr. Crawford was in Ischia in
1885, when an earthquake claimed 6000
victims, last night's affair failed to give
him a new emotion.
Rev. Dr. J. E. Scott was attending a
meeting on the third floor of the City
of Paris building. He said: "It seemed
to us all as if the building would sure
ly fall. The chandeliers vibrated in
the most erratic manner, the chains
not swinging in any one direction, how
ever, but seeming to get into a general
entanglement."
Max Popper and Joseph Nougues
rushed from the room in the Phelan
building, where the Democratic Cen- j
tral Committee was in session, feeling
that the building would surely fall.
Walter Vail was in his bed at the j
Palace Hotel. So violent was the shock j
that it tore plastering from the ceiling !
and he hastily dressed, bringing out a j
large piece of plastering with him. !
"I rushed into the street as :
soon as I could dress, for I felt sure
that a shock that did so much damage \
in the hotel must have seriously hurt
tall buildings. The first agreeable sur- j
prise I met was to see the Claus j
Spreckels building standing as solidly ;
as Gibraltar."
The earthquake was felt quite se- i
verely along the water front, though no •
serious damage was reported.
Considerable plastering was thrown j
down in the Strathmore building oppo- I
site the new City Hall on Larkin street ;
and some of the floors were severely {
wrenched.
At the Merchants' Exchange a con
siderable amount of plastering was de
stroyed.
Reports from the seashore show that
there was a lively shake at the Cliff
House. The Seal Rock House shook
like a ship at sea and reports indicate
that the effect was particularly vio
lent at the beach.
"William E. Lacombe, staying at the
New Washington Hotel, at 342 Fourth
street, was so alarmed at the shock
that he jumped through a glass door,
sustaining a serious cut of the right
wrist.
At the Southern Police Station Cap
tain Spillane restrained his men who
were ready to fly, remarking: "Gen
tlemen, you are not now making a bluff
at rescuing Lieutenant Burke."
At the Receiving Hospital one pa
tient who was expected to die, on feel
ing the shock, rose from his bed and
walked deliberately into the anteroom.
Much Damage at Mare Island.
YAI,I>EJO. March 31.— The earthquage
at least $25,000 damages on Mare
Island. The sawmill which has been busy
curnlng out urgent work is flat and a to
tal loss. The northern end of the main.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
storehouse building, in which the office
of the steam engineering department is
located, is badly wrecked, as is also the
other storehouse adjoining. Admiral
Kirkland's residence and that of Pay in
spector Bacon suffered severely from the
8 The naval' hospital, in whicn there are
forty or fifty patients, was badly shat
tered though fortunately the walls did
not fall. The water mains broke in sev
eral places and the water supply from
Vallejo has been shut off. The damage in
Vallejo will rpach $5000. Though no build
ings are known to be down, at least half
a dozen fires started, but were extin
guished before material damage was done.
The main loss will be through breaking
glass and loss of stock, although scores
of chimneys will have to be rebuilt.
At Oakland.
OAKLAND, March Jk— At 11:44 to-night
this city was severely shaken by an
earthquake that lasted several seconds.
The temblor was not particularly violent,
but it lasted so much longer than usual
that it seemed to be unusually severe.
The only effect of the shakeup, except to
give everybody a wholesome fright, was
to stop nearly every clock in town. The
City Hall clock' stopped at 11:45. the West
ern T'nion electric clock at 11:42' i..
The earthquake took place Jus* at the
time that all the police officers are re
porting on and off duty, and they all re
ported that the shock was uniform all
over town, althoug- no damage was
heard of. The shaking was accompanied
by a rumbling, and the vibrations were
mostly from north to south, although uir
a few seconds it seemed as if the earth
was giving in every direction.
At Bolinas.
BOLINAS, March 30.— Tho most severe
earthquake shock ever experienced in this
city occurred to-night at 11:43 o'clock It
was of seventeen seconds duration. The
vibrations were from north to south and
the shocks short and sharp. Clocks in
many residences were stopped, goods
RECORDED BY SCIENCE.
The above cut represents a recording volt meter chart taken from
one of the recording instruments of the electric generators in the power
department of the Claus Spreckels building by Chief Engineer Wolters.
It -will l>e noticed that the excessive vibration of the needle at the ex
act time of the earthquake is distinctly marked on the chart.
The effect of the vibration in the basement of the building was so
severe that it jarred the needle two inches. As will be seen on the chart
the exact time of the temblor is shown to have been seventeen min
utes of Lwelve. The shock was severely felt in the engine room and
the machinery vibrated considerably, but no perceptible damage ac
curred.
thrown from store shelves and chimneys
in all parts of the town shaken from
roofs The chimney on one residence waM
hurled a distance of twenty feet. No loss
of life is reported.
At San Jose.
SAN JOSE, March 30.— One of the heav
iest earthquakes ever experienced in this
section occurred to-night at 11:42:22. From
Lick Observatory on Mount Hamilton it
was reported that the duration of the
tremors was forty seconds, and after the
first 12 or 13 seconds they were more vio
lent than has ever been recorded in the
history of earthquake observations there.
The greater motion was southeast and
northwest, and approximately the earth
moved one-fourth of an inch.
At Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. March 30.— At. 11:38
o'clock to-night three slight shocks of
earthquake were felt here. They were of
an easy, undulating motion and seemed
to be from southeast to northwest.
Chandeliers were made to swing:, and
doors to. rattle, but no damage was done,
so far as heard from.
At Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, : March • 30.— The earth
quake was the most severe ever felt here.
Nobody was hurt, but all the chimneys, in
town have fallen, and the • plate-glass
fronts of several big buildings in the
business section collapsed. The- Pony
building lost all its show windows.
At Port Costa.
PORT COSTA, . March 30.— earth
quake threw down all the chimneys in
town, and it is estimated that the damage
to the town was aoout $5000. Two fires
were started by overturned lamps, but
were extinguished before great harm was
done. One woman, whose name could not
be learned, was badly burned in the
hand.
At Stockton.
STOCKTON, Marcu 30.— severe earth
quake shock was felt here at 11:40 o'clock
this evening. The tirst shock was quite
heavy and f the I vibrations - continued i for;
fully thirty seconds,, gradually growing
less severe. - Windows I ratued, ' and every
thing movable .was affected.;,. Most of , the
city . was wrapped' in * slumber, '^ but many
people > came . to the -; street "• and watched
tor , serious ' developments. The • shock .is
unusual for this time of the year, and the
superstitious began speculation on the
phenomena. So far as is known no dam
age was done.
At San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, March 31.— A severe
shock was felt here shortly before mid
night. Windows were broken and much
minor damage done. Many parties were
broken up. members of one bursting
through a plate-glass window in their
efforts to escape.
At Suisun.
SUISUN, March 30.— A severe and pro
longed shock of earthquake occurred hero
to-night at 11:45 o'clock, and although not
as severe as the shocks of several years
ago. was longer in duration. The vibra
tions seemed north and south, and the
shake was so confusing it was hard to
determine the exact direction.
None at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. March 30.— No earth
quake was felt here.
HER INJURIES FATAL.
Mrs. Mary Kiep the Victim of Fast
Driving by a Brewery Employe.
Mrs. Marie Kicp. who was struck by a
wagon driven by William Humbert, an
employe of the Buffalo Brewing Company,
at the crossing of Mason and O'Farrell
streets, on Monday, March 21. died yes
terday at her home, 422% Post street-
Death resulted from pneumonia incident
to the exposure caused by the accident.
The woman had her leg broken by the
accident, and was laid upon the stone
flagging while medical assistance was be
ing summoned and took a cold that re
sulted in pneumonia and death. The re
mains were removed to Suhr's undertak
ing parlors, but an inquest will have to
be held. The deceased was a native of
Germany, aged 52 years.
Humbert was arrested on a charge of
mayhem at the time of the accident and
released on his own recognizance, it is
alleged that his fast driving caused the
casualty.
SPORT AT UNION PARK.
Some of the fastest running dogs in this
State will compete on Saturday and Sun
day at the Union Coursing Park, as will
be seen from tne drawing that took place
last evening and which is as follows:
Kartell Bros. 1 Bonanza . vs. Lowe & Tbomp
:*'if s Patria, J. J. Kdmond's Forge; vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal. S. E. Mortal's Laurel
wood vs. A. Johnson's Llssak, P. Brophy't Be
nicia Boy vs. E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer,
li. B. Kay's Chit-Chat vs. E. V. Sullivan's
Flying Buck. R. B. Kay's Eclipse vs. S. E.
Portal's At Last, H. M. Spring's Master Jack
vs. F. Mqrphy's Lady Grare, D. V. Roche's
Pacific Queen vs. E. V. Sullivan's Jester, T.
C. Griswold's Mountain* La&sie vs. E. J.
Clark's* Jimmy Hope, Simmons & Donahoe'a
Monotony vs. \V. Glasson's Mystery. H. M.
Spring's Pat Molloy vs. F. P. Courtney's The
Turk, E. J. Heaiey's Mountain Beauty vs. \V.
O. Glasson's Magic. J. Greely's The Ace vs. E.
V. Sullivan's Electric, K. ile Lopez's Carmen
vs. George Whitney's Theron, E. V. Sullivan's
Fear Not vs. T. Crania's Magnet, D. Spray's
Airship vs. Pasha kennel's Alameda. . Bartell
Bros. 1 Blackstone vs. J. J. Edmond's Move On,
George Berry's Bessy B vs. T. J. Hurt's Little
Pete. Pasha kennel's Revenue Agent vb. E. J.
Heaney's Harkaway 11, S. T. Desemnne's L<>
gan vs. Pasha kennel's Arapahoe, E. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. I'asha Kennels Key cl Fossa,
L. Austins Douglas vs. Pasha kennel's Santa
Alicia, Curtis & Son's Rosette vs. R. de Inez's
Green Valley Maid, J. Kennedy's Lilly Wheeler
vs. W. M. ONeil's Promise Me. J. Segger
son's White Chief vs. Simmons & Donohoe'S
Moor's Prescription, Larkey & Rock's Myrtle
vf. Pasha kennels Fair Helen. E. V. Sullivan's
Royal Buck Vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips,
.Tos»i>h Connolly's Decorator vs. E. J. Heaiey's
Rusty Gold. E. C. Tobin's Spring vs. 11. Yig
tto'u s^n Pedro, r . <\ P Lopes'* Camilla vs. Pasba
kennel's Rich and Artless. K. V. Sullivan's
Rooklln Belle vs. J. Sullivan's Kilkenny Girl.
R. Dirkson's Premier vs. E. V. Sullivan's
Mercy May.
STRUCK BY A CAR.
John Foster, residing at Sixth and How
ard strrfts, while in an intoxicated condi
tion* yesterday afternoon, was knocked
down by a Folsom-street car on the cor
ner of Second an^ Folsom streets. The
conductor, Robert Sample, stated that
the injured man walked into danger, al
though the bell vas repeatedly rung.
On examination at the Receiving Hos
pital it was discovered that L< oster was
minus an ear and that he had sustained
lacerations of the scalp and possibly a
fracture of the sktiH. hut early in the
evening he was discharged from the hos
pital and returned to his home.
Ladles' tAilor-made suits; latest designs: we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 6 & 7.
D. T. Cole's Humored Illness.
It was rumored about the city yesterday
afternoon that Daniel T. Cole, late Har
bor Commissioner, was lyinj? seriously ill
at his residence, 1719 Geary street. In
quiry at this place found the report to be
I very much in error. Mr. Cole is not seri
ously ill. It is true that he has been com
i plaining of stomach trouble, but not so as
I to alarm his family for his safety. Ho is
able to be up and about and expects to be
among his acquaintances downtown in a
day or so. •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 30-Stmr Brixham.
from New York; stmr Cottage City, from Dyea.
Sailed March 30— Stmrs Dlrigo and Signal, for
Dyea; stmr Chllkat, Tor .
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 30.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, San Diego and way
ports.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed— St. Paul, Southampton;
La Bourßoirnp, Havre; Clermanic, Liverpool;
Southward, Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed — Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse, New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived— Lahn. New York.
BREMEN— Arrived— Weimar, New York.
GENOA— Arrived— Aller, New York.
I3AI/TIM.OK«— BaUedr-aiuiicJwn, Bremen,
TWO DAIRYMEN
WERE ARRESTED
Early Results of the New
Crusade for Pure
Milk.
Dozens of Wagons Are Being
Held Up Nightly by
Inspectors.
Cans of Pure Water for the Pur
poses of Adulterntion Were
Found.
Chief Food and Milk Inspector Dockery
of the Board of Health is not losing any
time in the renewed crusade against im
pure milk that is known to be coming into
this city in considerable quantities.
Acting on his instructions two arrests
were made yesterday morning. One waa
A. Mozette, and th% other the senior
member of the firm of Baumann Bros.,
who came in for considerable notoriety
at the time that cows were being inspect
ed for tuberculosis. Both were taken into
custody as they were entering the city
over the San Bruno road, which passes
their ranches. Their cases will be called
in the Police Court this morning, and a
determined effort made to secure convic
tions.
Inspector Dockery and his men have the
city thoroughly districted, and not a night
passes without dozens of wagons being
Inspected. Four inspectors are stationed
In as many portions of the city, while Mr.
Dockery and his assistants guard the
main avenues through which milk arrives
within the city limits.
, In a large number of instances recently
cans of clear water have been found in
the wagons, showing unmistakably that
adulteration is going on. In the majority
of cases where the water-laden wagons
were not those of previous offenders, the
inspectors have been content with dump
ing the water into the gutter and letting
the drivers off with a warning.
A careful record is kept of all Instances
where water or adulterated milk is found
In the wagons, and a second offense is
certain to bring arrest. Inspector Dock
ery declares that the crusade will be
kept up until not a quart of impure milk
is allowed to reach the consumers of the
city. __^_^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADUE-YUKON
TEANSPORTATIONCO.
" GOLD PICK LINE "
— FOR
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast. Elegant and Completely Refurnished
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Tassengers and 26'"^ Tons of
p'reisht. will sail from San Francisco
<on her arrival from New York)
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 1O
And take the ontside passage fer Jcaean, theEoe to
Sk&guay, Dyea aad Copper Ri7«r.
In this way the dangers of the inside pas-
sage will be avoided. The -'Morgan City is
one of the nne?t Steamers afloat, lighted bytj
electricity, elegant accommodations, ladie.* ;
boudoirs," special cabins, pxand salon, social ;
hali. smoking rooms and buffet. Large number
of handsomely equipped bathrooms furnished
with porcelain bath tubs, steam heat. 20.0 M
candle power searchlights. The best table will
be served on the ■Morgan City" of any
on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer
will later on run between San Francisco and
St. Michael. For freight and passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCSE XEHCAKTILE CO. ;
Passenger 02:e— 309 Market St., 3an Fnnciaeo ;
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MEKCANTILE CO.,
Mutual Lifo Banding, Saattle.
t 20 fei
IS THE PROPER DISTANCt .
AT WHI<H A fJORMAL EYE SHOULD CLEARLY
OISTIHGUISH LETTER^ % of AH iHCH UOHG.
CALL and HAVE Y°liß EYES TESTED
-i« FREE CHARGE. -:';?
842 Market St.
000000000000 OO 0000
l - -? PALACE a -ip%
IGRAND !i-9ZMh^%
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
■ Connected by a covered •passapewav.
0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
0 All Under One Management O
0 NOTE THE PEIC£S: . O
O European Plan. SI- 00 per day and upward -v
American Plan. #3. 00 per day and upward v
O Correspond Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIRSPATHICK, Manager. « "o
OO 0000000000000000
UNITED. STATES
IAiI^JThPV
LALII^aL/iVB 9
/ OFFICE.
l<: | 1004 Market St.,
I, Scar Powell.
Talopliono, South 433,
W^tm DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
||S*^j^« Five hundred reward for any case
jiwtt HBvl we cannot cure. This secret remedy
j B stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
5?3J C 35? Emissions, , Impotencj*. Varicocele,
liP RiU Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strlctares,
Uj^u Ijifc Lost Manhood «nd all wasting ef-
/J^3^2S fpnts of self-abuse or exi-esses. Sent
tBEaBSSSte sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S .>: !:ni('AL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at . 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
ffeST ft EN ESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
nKn" gajl itistHiilly. Our IN\ ISIIILK rt'liK <Mi>Uloi:i
U* isaa am help when nil else f»l Is. wclai«t<«ti*lp«7<«.
Belf-adjustinp. No Pain. WbUpersbi^rd. Snulto t OCC
K.lllMui.la. > SsSll'«a),.\.\.. fur U.Ktk nn.l Prno[:»r ncr
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOIK (ERA &CO.
.." SOLO rv ALL DRLT.OIST3; -
; j, ADVERTISEMENTS. :
munition is used by every
Ss^^^S^^ ? <^^m\ / \ Send name and address .on a
Jp&sgi. P osta * carcl for l A^-P SL s e ' l^'
W^^Wf l^^^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
Wl I MA. I/cT^^sv 418 Market st San Francisco, Cal.
if *$$$$$[ -Ji J '''-4 ' //~^a^~
He was a foreman of the street cleaning de-
partment in New York City and, when speaking
of Ripans Tabules, said: "I used to have lots
of trouble with my heart, caused, my doctor
said, from an imperfect digestion. Amongst other
remedies I used Ripans Tabules, and they are the
finest thing I ever tried. They 'knocked out' the
indigestion, and relieved the - trouble in my heart,
whatever it was. Since I began to use them, my
bowels are regular, and I feel ten per cent better.
I can't recommend them too highly."
KALLKOAD ISAVEL. ;
■»l lIIVKN PACIFIC COIIPAST.
■ (l-AUIFIC PYHTEM.) •
Trnln* l««rr :*n<l iirv «ln«" ««» nrrlM AS
• .•«.*?< rRANCINVO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) .
LIAVt - — Fbom -'.vNIAUt 1, 1398. — ARRrva
"•6:OOAlfiles. Sun Josu and Way Stations. .. *S:4sa
7:00 v Uer.icii, Suisun and Sacmmento. . . . 10:43 a
7:OOa Jlarysvil •, OroTiiloand Ueddiug »ia
"Wcoclaad ....:.......... »:4.ip
7:OOa Vacaviilcan:lßun:sey...i. 8:45?
?:3«a Martinez, SauKamon.Vallejo. Napa.
• ■-•:. «'ali?t'>g^ anil Rama Rosa... 2 ! : 3f
•>«Oa Atlanti- Kipress, Uiclcii and Kast.. 8:4.1r j
»»:|I»A Nile*, -Sim .)(«!•. Htocktou. lone.
Sacramento, MnrmTille, Cluco,
Tehaic:iai:JKc<t lUiiIT..-. l»iar
•S:3».\ Peteia, Miiwjn and Oakdale. »7:13p
O:O«>«. New CrlcMDi K*pvuc«, Merced. Bay-
niund, ]''r<ssin>, - Uakerslioiil, Hauta
Ji'tiimra, I ,as Aiigi:k-», l>cinin;:.
El Taso, New Orleans md F.ast. 8:45p I
0:OOa Vullejo. Martinez. Merced and ■•
Fresno...... ............'. ISslßr
•i:«»p Sacramento Hirer Stwauiuni -!»:o«p •
l:OOp Kilts. San J-sea:.J Way Stations.. J9:13.\
1::IOp Martinez mid Way StaUons... 7545p
S:O(lp Liverniore, Meodota, I I'.utford and
Vi3alia 4:15
Lifer.iiore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations :...:.. - JIOiUI'
4t;«Oi' Martiiie.:, Han Kaincti, • Vallejo.
MaML (J»ltstog». Xt Verauo and
S»ut:i Itoßii. »i»»«>
fa— I Ccsicia, Vacavil'e, Woodland,
Mights Landing, Marysville, <)r<>-
»illo ami hHcrameiilo .!•*«.»
4ttBOr Niiea, San Joso, Tracy and Stocktoh .. 7ilS*
LstLiup, Midea'o. Morcsd, Berend^,
■ Krwuo, Siojavt- (for Han^lsburg),
Santa I'.arliarß ami f^JS Auijeles.. 7:4!} a
4>>4>p Scuta Va Iteirid AlUuitio press
for Mujavo bikl I :»*l 6:45r
•I5:8Op " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
s ' Paso. Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
' Louis, Chicago sad East 810:15 a
•&*i3up "Sunset LJmictd Atit-cx." El Paso,
Xew Orleans and Esu.t |I»:I3a :
C:O!>r Kurnpeitn &lnil, «>tj<lfii and last.... B:4.'«a ,
(i:UOi- llajrwar.!". Nilotautl Ha».ioM 7:4r»A '
IH-.ititi Wilojo t7:S5p •
htwov \)reKoii Kxiin-ss.Hm.'raiiidijlii, Murjrs-
rltlo. KoiMlnif,. 1'..it14m.1. Pu«st
K...iml lid ______ 8: 1 ft a
SAX Jit. I MM! 0 A>» lIA\WAIMK U»AI,
Foot of Market Street.) _.
"f^clooi"! : ' ? rTibA
• S:O«a Mflrosc Scminnry Park, 'TSjh*
ooa Kllcltbunr, Elmlmrwt, \u\r.\
iu':ooa I San .l.«Hii<!ro, South Kan I~!''^1 ~ ! ''^
t12 . :0 .°. I I<esndr.>. l^m-iillo, . [jalnl
't'a:'u<>p I Lorenzo, rlnrry i «4:43p
4:»:Op , 15:4.1?
B:O«r » nd 6:15p
»s!»Op . Ilariranl*. T:ts?
7:u«p 8:4"»t-
. h:O«? j i Kn«« throusli to Nile*. . " : 5?. p
9:00P I ; From Kiles 1O:.jOp
COAST IMVIn!O> [Narrow Mange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
»::».1a No«-iii-k.«ViilrrTiTT."!,7;.TM .lone. I'Vlton. ~
Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations..... Ot»«p
■»!■»< Newark. Oeiitei*Ule, bun .loee, If OW
Aiuiailcii, Vc] ton, Houliler Creek,
• Santa Cm/, ami , rriuci(ial Way
- ITtillnin .' !•!»••
4:15 1- Newark. Sun .lose ami Los Gatos ... U:30.«
♦ Il:-I3p Hu'itcrs' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations }7:aOp
CREEK route ferry.
trim S*N fIUXCISCO— foot of Mirttt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:l>0 U.OHa.u. 11:00 *2:00 t3:00
»i:00 15:00 6:00 p.m. '
fr»mOiU»ND— root of Broad way.— "6:oo 8.-00 10:00 \.M.
tl2-33 '1:00 ta-.00 ■ -3:00 tt:CB\ 's:oap.M.
- (OASI IMVISION (Broad Uauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.) •
- CiSSa San J oho ami Way suiiniss (New
• Aliuadcu Wednesdayaiinly)....... «:33*
iiio< ,-..,.: tmt, 'I'rcK films, H..nu Crux,
l'uci li o Grove, Paso Rubles, ■■ Han
I. nil* Oiiiaito, Uundalupc, burf and
• 'l'riuciiial Way .SUlinns 4:lSf
: IO:4Oa Han. itmuHiid Way fJUUoiis.: »S:«Oa
SI:KOa San Joso ami Way Stations ....... b:£3A
•»::i«f San Mat >o, Redwood, Menlo Park.
- Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilr»>,
Hnllinter, SuuU Cruz, Salinas,
Slonierey ami J'.icilie <;r0v«...... •IO:4«»*
•»:l»i» San .lose ami Priucipal Way KtHtlons »O:»Oa
•4il3i- San.Tosoaml Principal Way Stationr 8:43*
•3:« Op Sau.l.iSiiaud Principal Way Station! It99t
il:»Or Ban J««e ami Principal Way Stations 3::t<>p
«::»Oi- Sail Jose ami Way Stations ?!*•!
f11:45i- Sa,n .loseaml Way Stations ~:UOr
, ; A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon. .■
* exempted. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
i' Mondiy. Thursday ami Saturday uighU oalj.
■ . " •i Mondays and Thursdays. , V 
... I Wcdnt«dti;s and Saturdays.' ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN ; JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will run as
follow*: • -■■---
Southbound.' ■"-, "... I* Northbound.
Paanea- Mixed a .i m . Mixed Pasaea-
- »er Sunday . &l ? uo . n ?- •. Sunday ' 'gee
Dally : ; Exc'p'td — : Exc'p'U :' Dally.
.i 130 a.m. 00 a. in. Stockton 3:45 p.m. ' f» :-l : ' p. ra. ,
8:10 a.m. 13:« l p.m. Merced 12 :50 p.m. i H:j:i p.m.
J0:«) a.m.- 3:50 p.m Fresno ,- J:3U;i.m. p.m
11 40 a. m 5:20 p.m. Hiinfor.l a.m. 1:1.) p.in
U:lsp.in. ' B:i&p.a • Visalta'; 6.4Uu.ni. 12:10 p.iu-
,' Stopping' at intermediate Po lnts wnea requiral
l,i.uuAUul» Ai .. ..a v.th steam^oau'ot
i C. :N.: N. . & I. - C 0. . !; leaving r Sad '■ Francisco and
Stockton -at •. p. mV- daily: <■ at •' Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coultervllle. etc.] '
also - with I stac* i tor Homltoa, llaripota, : eta ]
at L*nker»blin witk stag* to aad from Msdtra.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
TJburon Ferry, Foot of Marlset St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:2O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 13:»»
1.30 6:10 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. in. i Saturdays— £Utra trips at VM
and 11:30 p. m. .
BUNDATS-8:00. BJO. 11:00 a. m.; V.U. *JK
£*00 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAET& TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.%
1J:45. 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— tnps
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
e*7NDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. I:4SM ;
Between SarTFranclsco and ScHuetxea Par^-
i tame schedule a3 above. • '
Leave IT , P r«f ' 1170 .
Pan Francisco. \ o^tH' fan Franclaoq
sg^ri i°-^»__i._R_Lgg"
7 ;30a.m. 8 :00a.m. I Kovato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
S:3op.m. ! y:Hoa.m. I Petal •lm.a, :10p.m. 10:25 a.m.
b:lCp.m. '5:0 Up.m .1 Santa Roaa. 7:35 p.m. b:22p,m.
"~~ Fulton.
-30a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
! Geyservllle,
7:80 p.m. 'S:ooa.m.S :00a.m. Cloverdale j T:3sp.m. 6:23 p.m.
i j Hopland and I
7:30a.m.|8-00-\.m.| Uklah. ! 7:35 p.m. 6 :np.m.
; :30a.m.] - j 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. ] Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
8 :30 p.m. i ■ 6:22 p.m.
T^bCaTm. Id :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m.] 8:40 a.m.
ana
6 :lCp.in. la :00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
1 7730 a.m. 18 :0Oa.m. ) gebastcDoL 10:40 a.m. |10:Zia.m.
3m.|5:00p.m.l3 m.|5:00p.m.l beDaBtcpol - | 7 ::a C .m.n :22p.m.
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark Wast
i Fprin^s; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland foe
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lak#port and Hartlett Springs: at Uklah for
i Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
I Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Pomp. Potter
Valiev John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Buck*
nells," Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Boonville.
Orr"8 Hot Sprlnss. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
4uced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
: beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
""a^W^FOSTKR. H- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Maaa«»r. Gen. Paw. Art.
f- — — CALIFORNIA
i VALill l/iiliiA
gMS^g SAN FRANCISCO
__ J|JMMI1 | WW H WilliiMl I 111 ■■ — »fr WlilWcHUwl
"Leaves' San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but .with-
out extra charge. . ' " -  ;
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace DrawJtW-Rcom Sleepers.
' 3% days to Chicago. 414 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
i Leaves daily at 4:30 p. "in., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman. Tourist Sleeping Cars on
1 fast time. Direct connect n in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. •_• _
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
! Ferry. San Francisco ticket office 6^l Market
' street. -Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
[ Santa Clara street. ' ' ; ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry. ■
From San Francisco. Commencing September
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •7:3s, •9:*>.
11 30 lum. :•!:«. 3:45. •5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays » nd ss u 5 r ysBy s 8 at "II:* p. m
! For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •19:0*,
•1130 a. m.: «l:15. 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
•Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
ITBins THROUGH TRAINS.
I 15 a. m week days for Cazadero and way st»- i k^
' "tlona- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) ft* B
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. in. .».._,
' Sundays for Point Reyes and way station*. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
' (Via Sausalito Ferry). •
' Leave San Francisco, commencing .Noveia-
'< t*r 13. 163": :.-'. -
•!. Week Days— 9:30 a. 'm., 1:45 p. m. . _
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 P- "-
T Round • trip from Mill Valley. 11. _ , "1.1
■ v. THOU. " COOK & SON, A«ent«, Ml UMTMM
1 •trect. Baa FrancUcg.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
UNMOVED BY
GHASTLY TALES
Joaquin Eslaba Hears of
His Crime and
Smiles.
He Must Answer for the Brutal
Killing of Crippled
Gates.
The Young Murderer Sits In the
Court and. Appears to Enjoy
the Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 30.
Joaquln Eslaba, the confessed murderer
of the crippled tamale vender, was exam
ined in the Police Court this morning and
was held to answer for murder.
The most unconcerned man, apparently,
in the court room was the murderer. lie
seemed to consider the proceedings some
what dull and uninteresting, and I
deprecatingly at Prosecuting Attorney
Melvin when that gentleman considered
It necessary to ask the witnesses so many
questions. He listened to all the testi
mony and occasionally smiled. There was
not a semblance of shame or sorrow visi
ble, and even the sight of the pie^e of
gas pipe which had been bent on his vic
tim's head and still retains evidences of
the fearful crime did not appear to be ob
jectionable to the man in the dock. His
blood-stained clothes were carefully in
spected by him. and the proceedings con
tained no testimony that could bring out
the least display <>f feeling.
Otis Baker, the father-in-law of Eslaba,
identified the murderer and said he knew
him, but did not know that he was vicious
or had a criminal disposition.
Gracie Galindo, the girl who was of
gTeat assistance in arresting the murder
er, inasmuch a-s she had peon him at the
tamale parlor when she and her compan
ion lef'w, was the next witness. She told
of her visit to the cellar where the crime
was perpetrated. She *aid that her friend
John Metz and Eslaba drank some beer,
but all were sober at 10 o'clock, when she
and Metz left. Metz, who followed her
on the stand, told a similar story.
Detective Denny Holland told the story
of the crime as it had been told him by
Eslaba. He paid the prisoner confessed
to striking the tamale man over the head.
Eslahs. t.'.i'l the detective of stealing $1 75
and of taking the trousers off the mur
dered man and putting them on over his
own so as to hide the bloodmarks. He
said he had on his coat when he started
to beat his victim, but when he saw that
Gates was dying he took off his coat,
: I up his sleeves and finished the hor
- :ob.
To Officer Kyte the murderer said he
was po mad when he was committing the
murder that he did not know what instru
ment he used.
Dr. Buteau described the fearful condi
tion in which he found the head of the
murdered man. After the testimony.
Judge Allen held Eslaba to answer for
murder and he was removed to the Coun
ty Jail. .
THE SCHOOL QUESTION.
A Lengthy Discussion and No Con
clusion Reached as to What
Shall Be Done.
ALAMEDA, March :>:>.— There was a'
large attendance at the meeting of citi- .
ng to take action with re
gard to relieving the overcrowded schools.
port was made by the committee of
thirteen who had been investigating the
matter, which disapproved of the high
school plan and recommended the erection
■:ew grammar school In such location
»as would best relieve the overcrowded
■schools. Such a building could be erected
for $30,000 to 135.000, and it was believed
that the people would vote the necessary
bonds for the purpose. This report was
signed by Rev. G. R. Dodson, as chair
man of the committee, but he took occa
sion, in the course of the discussion, to
disclaim any approval of the suggestion.
A lengthy discussion foUowed, in which
all phases of the matter were handled,
and the meeting finally adjourned with
out taking any action beyond accepting
the report.
TUNNEL BENEFIT IN MAY.
The California Jockey Club Will As
sist in Securing the Funds.
OAKLAND, March 30.— The Merchants'
Exchange are jubilant over the receipt
of the following letter:
SAN FRANCISCO, March IS.
"Webb If. Pearce, Secretary MercuanW Ex
change, Oakland, Cal.— Dear Sir: The Califor
nia. Jockey Club ■will give a benefit for the
Contra Costa tunnel fund at Us track some
£ay In May.
We cannot at present set the date, but will
notify you of that later. Yours truly,
* R. B. MIL.ROY. Secretary.
On motion of Theodore Gier, the Ex
change, at their regular meeting last
night voted their thanks to the Jockey
Club for its liberality. An attempt will
be made to secure tho co-operation of the
Contra Costa County Tunnel Committee
and the Board of Trade to assist in mak
ing this event the greatest ever witnessed
in this city.
New Gas Company Incorporated.
OAKLAND. March 30.— The Alam'eda
County Gas Company filed its articles of
Incorporation, as indicated last week, to
day The capital stock is $500,000. divided
Into 60"0 shares at $100 each. Of this $1800
Is subscribed by the following named:
Bidney M. Smith. L. P. Lowe. P. E.
Bowles, G. XV. McNear. Martin Kellogg,
George H. Collins. Charlea M. Cook, E.
G Lukens, J. A. Folger, A. yon der Ropp,
Thomas Richards. P. L. Wheeler, Albert
H Higgins, W. H. Chickering, J. O. Cad
man, N. K. Masten, C. 11. Higgins and
William Letts Oliver.
Moffett to Be Arrested.
OAKLAND, March 30.— Joseph Moffett.
who killed his wife two weeks ago and
then attempted to end his own life, will
be removed from the Receiving Hospital
tomorrow and placed behind the bars of
ty Prison. There is no warrant out
yet for him, and he is at liberty to waik
out. "I don't care where they put me.
I'd be ju^t the same anywhere," he said
"Life is a gloomy place for me
at best."
Officers Find No Clews.
OAKLAND, March 80. — No clew has yet.
.I of the assailants of
Muyland and Jerry Donovan, the
two aged men Who were robbed and left
bound in Htarlaad'a residence on Thir
teenth avenue. The two men are >
60 years of age respectively, and do not
thirk that they could identify the fellows
if they were captured. They are still suf
fering from their ordeal.
Reliance t Members Night.
OAKLAND March 30.— The Reliance
Athletic C!ub will Rive a members' night
B week •• im to-night, when thr-r.-. will be
t^-o eight-round goes for a decision. The
principals will ),p Tank Savage, of Val
lejo; Hugh Dougherty, of St. Paul; Chas.
Tye and Phil Green, of this city. Mem
bers will be admitted I
Alameda News -Notes.
AJLAMEDA, March 30.--Thomas Gar
rlty, a vaf .3 j-.rrested, pleaded
guilty and was sentences to five days in
the County Jail, all in less than five min
utes by the clock r.'-iiuy.
The casf- of Wolfe, accused of taking
some junk from the electric railroad,
shops, will be tried before a jury on Sat
urday next.
The Current Events Section of the
Adelphian Club will hold a meeting to
morrow morning.
Mr?. Mary Cutter died yesterday morn
ing at 230S Blanding avenue, aged 74
years. She was a native of Ireland, and
had lived here about two years, having
come from Lcs Angeles.
CHIEF LLOYD
IS REMOVED
Chief Fair Also Retired by
Votes ofThomas and
Clement
Captain W. Fletcher and Nick
Ball Promoted to the
Chieftainship.
Lively Meeting of the Board of
Public Works — Dow Pro
tested.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 30.
The chafes In the Police and Fire
Departments' forecasted in to-day's Tall
were carried out at the regular meeting
of the Commissioners this morning. Cap
tain W. F. Fletcher was appointed Chief
of Police, vice C. K. Lloyd, removed;
Nick Ball was appointed to succeed W.
H. Fair of the Fire Department, removed
for cause; Elbert Lawton was appointed
to succeed Fire Warden and First Assist
ant Fred Murdock; Patrolman Frank
New Chiefs of Oakland's Police and Fire Departments.
Tarpon was promoted to be Police Cap
tain vice Fletcher, promoted, and
Charles E. Gardner, clerk to the Chief of
i Police, was dismissed and Detective
Quigle'y was temporarily placed in charge
of the. office.
With the exception of Street Superin
tendent Miller, the changes made to-day
; remove the last of the appointments
made by the Populist administration that
1 went into office with Mayor Davie three
years ago. For a long time there has
been a rtamoring that the appointments
: bo given to the Republicans, but Mayor
j Thomas and City Attorney Dow, the Ro
i publican majority, could not agree on
! suitable men. The changes were made
! to-day by the votes of the Mayor and
i City Engineer Clement, and all the ap
! pointees are Republicans with the excep
j tion of Chief Ball, who is a Democrat.
' This appointment was given to Clement,
' who is the Democratic member of the
board, in return for his votes for Mayor
'' Thomas' men. Mr. Dow voted emphat
! lcally against all the changes and showed
that he was very angry at boing ignored.
'■ Some time ago he wanted to make cer
tain cdmbinations, but they did not go
i through. . _ . _
When all the changes had been made
and the board had resolved into a Board
i of Public Works, Mr. Dow read a resolu
i tion calling for the dismissal of Harry
i Thomas as Secretary, but the two mcm
i bers voted against it.
Mr. Dow made a little speech. In which
he said that the Mayor and City Engin
eer had voted some illegal bids and had
i therefore looted the treasury- The Mayor
! objected to this and told Mr. Dow that
;on former occasions when he (Dow)
1 wanted to combine, combinations were all
! right, but that now they were evidently
j all wrong. ■
Mr. Clement said he was not tied up
to vote for Harry Thomas, and if it wero
! shown that he had done anything wrong,
; he would vote to remove him.
Mr. Dow asked if Chief Lloyd had not
i made a good and efficient officer, and Mr.
i Clement said he did not think the manner
I in which Lloyd had acted in the Bro?na
' ham incident was anything very credit
'< able. The Mayor paid he did not care
I to answer Mr. Dow's questions. Mr. Dow
'■ replied that there had been scandal
i enough at the City Hall and the people
; could now judge who were responsible
i for it.
William F. Fletcher, the new Chief of
i Police, is a veteran officer. He was
! born in Bloomfield, 41 .\. sixty-one years
1 ago, and has been a member of the Oak
; land police department since November
' 20, 1877. For three years prior to his com
, ing to Oakland he was at the head of the
1 police department in Stockton.
While in Stockton, Chief Fletcher was
I presented with a gold badge by Judge W.
! E. Greene, now of this city, but then of
Stockton.
Chief Fletcher was made Captain of the
Oakland force in IS7B, but was removed
three years later. He was discharged
from the force July 11, 1881, but was re
elected the same night, the Council
I deciding to reconsider its action. He was
appointed a night sergeant October 20,
ISSu, and in 18SS) was made a captain, a
position which he has since held. While
Chief Schaffor was running for Sheriff
five years ago, Fletcher acted as Chief.
Frank Carson, the new Captain, is a
i native of Michigan and is 38 years of age.
i He has been a policeman since 1890.
Carson is one of the most popular men
|on the force. He was a strong candidate.
; for sergeant of police some time ago, but
vai beaten out by Sergeants Peterson
and Green, who were recommended by
Chief Lloyd.
Chief Ball and Assistant Chief Lawton
of the Fire Department are both veteran
i firemen and have served in the Oakland
department.
Josephs After Orr.
ALAMEDA, March 30.— Several days
ago Samuel Orr was arrested on com
plaint of the poundmaster. Victorine Jo
sephs, on a charge of breaking down the
fence of the pound and removing two of
his horses therefrom. When the case
came to trial Josephs had no witnesses
to the alleged tr&nsgresson, and the de
fendant was promptly dismissed. Josephs
swore out another warrant to-day against
Orr. charging him w».h violating the or
dinance against interfering with the
poundmaster in the discharge of his
duties.
Broke Arm and Leg.
ALAMKDA. March 30.— Mr. and Mrs. E.
A. Jaujou of 3209 San Jose avenue re
turned at a late hour last night from a
visit to a theater in San Francisco. They
alighted from a narrow-gauge train at
Park street and started down Encinal
avenue lor h<>me. A building is in course
of erection on that street, and there is
an excavation close to the sidewaik. into
which Mr. Jaujou fell, breaking his left
leg and left wrist. There was no light
at the excavation, the street lights were
not burning, and it was not possible to
avoid the hoi©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 3IARCH 31, 189 S.
HARRY THOMAS
IS INDICTED
Charged With Inducing a
Witness to Commit
Perjury.
Result of the Note Asking
Hammerton for a
Loan.
McKenrie Cannot Secure a Bond and
Is Forced to Remain in
Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 30.
Just before it adjourned this evening,
the Grand Jury returned an indictment
against Harry Thomas, secretary of the
Board of Public Works. It charges sub
ornation of perjury, and fixes bail at $3000.
The indictment Is the direct result of
the story told to the jury by Robert Mc-
Kenzie, who was for a time Harry
Thomas' companion in the Board of
Works office. McKcnzie is the man who j
carried a letter from Thomas to Officer j
Hammerton, asking for a loan of $100.
Thomas denied writing me letter, and
: yesterday the story of the affair was told
to the Grand Jury.
Mcxvenzie at first stuck to his story that
i he did not carry the letter to Hammer
: ton and knew nothing whatever of it. He
i then changed his testimony and said that
Harry Thomas had told him to say he
knew nothing whatever of the letter and
to deny that he carried it to Hammerton.
This story McKenzie stuck to until he
realized that he, too, was in danger, and
then he told what he now claims to be the
! truth.
Harry Thomas was before the Jury to
i day, and was asked about the "H. W. T."
letter to Hammerton. He was asked if
i he wrote It.
"On the advice of my attorney, I must
; decline to answer that question," he re
plied.
"Cannot you tell us whether It is in
your handwriting?" asked a Juror.
"I have no other answer to make at this
timo," said Thomas.
The witness then denied that he had
I entered into a conspiracy with McKenzie
to give false testimony. He said he had
consulted with attorneys because he con
sidered it the wisest thing to do.
Before noon the vote of the Grand Jury
was taken to indict Harry Thomas for
subornation of perjury, in that he at
■ tempted to induce McKenzie to go before
a legally constituted body and give false
testimony under oath. It was late this
evening before the papers were drawn up
and served. Harry Thomas was at the
c.rurthouse, and his attorney, Emil Nus
baumer, at once saw to the preparation
i for the bond which is signed by A. M.
i Farwell and Charles Butler. As soon as
the bond was approved Harry Thomas
was released from the custody of the
Sheriff. .. . . . .
Robert McKenzie was not indicted, but
he is Just a little less fortunate than his
i late friend Harry Thomas, for he is held
! as a witness under $SCO bonds, and as he
cannot furnish it he is still at the County
•1 do not fear this indictment." said
Harry Thomas this evening, "for I have
nut been guilty of anything. McKenzie a
story was told simply because he thought
he was in a hole himself and he thought
he could help himself out at my expense.
I haven't askod him to go before the
Grand Jury and perjure himself and I am
confident o*f being able to clear myself.
Thomas will not say whether he wrote
the letter or not. He says that whenDow
i fired the question at him at the Board of
! Works The quickly denied it. but he .ays
i that does not prove anything. lamat j
I liberty to borrow money if I see fit, he
said to-night, "and I don't think anybody
i has a right to criticize me for it. At the
same time, knowing that the Grand jury
was after me I did not feel Justified in
talking too freely."
To Protest Against Miller's Removal.
OAKLAND, March 30.— A special meet
ing of the Board of Trade has been called
for 9:30 to-morrow morning, at which
time a protest will be made to the Board
of Public Works against the removal of
Superintendent of Streets M . K. Miller.
It is claimed that Melvin Holmes is
booked for this berth, and the business
men believing that Mr. Miller is doing
more for good streets than any man ever
in the position do not desire to see him
displaced for political reasons.
Effie Nottingham's Death.
OAKLAND, March 30.— A coroner's Jury
returned a verdict tonicht in the ca.se
of Effie Nottingham, the domestic who
committed suicide at the home of Cap
tain Mem on Jackson street. The verdict
sets forth that the deceased came to her
death as the result of a gunshot wound
inflicted by her own hand.
The Boeth Trial to End.
OAKLAND. March SO. — Supervisor
Charles Roeth was cross-examined to
day by District Attorney Snook in his
trial under indictment by the Grand Jury.
The cross-examination was very exhaus
tive and entered into every detail of each
transaction. The case will go to the jury
to-morrow, if the present calculation goes
through.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 30.— N. R. Baugh
'&9 was to-day elected president of the
University Chess Club. S. Epstein was
elected vice-president and F. H. Dakin
secretary and treasurer. Sweet and
Towle, both '9S. were made honorary
members.
There will be a baseball game between
the Berkeley High School and the Oak
land High School next Saturday morning
at 10 o'clock on the university campus.
Next Saturday afternoon there will be
an "athletic carnival" on the college
campus. At 1:30 o'clock will be held the
annual university field day, and at 3
o'clock the Varsity baseball team will
play the Alumni nine.
Assistant Professor F. B. Dresslar of
the department of pedagogy delivered a
lecture at the university this afternoon on
"Isaiah."
BLOODY BATTLE
IN CHINATOWN
Officer George Tracey
Shot by a Desperate
Highbinder.
Chinese Shoot a Countryman
and Give the Police a
Hard Tussle.
Two Hatchetmen In Cells at the Cali
fornia - Street Station —No
Wounds Fatal.
The deadly highbinder feud In China
town has broken out in all its old fury,
and this time the Chinese have not
scrupled to turn their weapons against
the arresting officers. As a result of the
endeavor of two of the hired thugs to kill
one of their race in Chinatown last even
ing. Officer George Tracey of Sergeant
! Shea's posse lies on a bed in St. Mary's
i Hospital with a bullet hole in his left
i arm, and Lum Pier, the man marked for
i the assassin's bullet, is at the Harbor
i Hospital, shot through the left leg above
I the knee.
It was shortly after 11 p. m. that Offi
cers Tracey, John Galloway and John
Burke, all members of Sergeant Shea's
Chinatown squad, while passing up Jack
son street, paw the flash and heard the
report of a revolver at the Intersection i
of Sullivan alley. They rushed to the spot
and ran into two Chinese endeavoring to
make their escape.
One of tbem was » randishing a huge i
Colt's revolver in order to frighten the '
policemen out of his path. Officer Gal- I
10W&y grappled with this Chinaman, who |
wriggled round and pulled the trigger of i
his revolver while trying to place it !
against Galloway's body. The bullet
missed that officer and struck Tracey in
the- arm, inflicting an ugly but not serious
wound. The murderous heathen was not
given another chance to usr> his weapon
but was promptly handcuffed, the other
highbinder being secured at the same
time.
An ambulance was summoned and Tra
cey sent to St. Mary's Hospital, while It
was coming the officers directing their at
tention to a Chinaman who lay groaning
in the alley. He was found to be suffering
from a bullet wound in the left leg. The
wounded Chinese was sent to the Harbor
Hospital in the patrol wagon.
( in examination he was found to be
phot through the left leg above the knee,
the bullet passing through the bone and
making a clean wound. He will recover
and the leg will not have to be amputated
if inflammation does not set in. The name
of the woumlf-d Chinese is Lum Sier. He
says he was standing in the alley when
the two men came up behind and shot
him.
Galloway and Burke took their two men
to the California-street Police- Station
and placed their names on the "small
book," pending the result of the shoot
ing. They gave the names of Bah Non
and Tuner Yee. Non was the one who
shot Officer Tracey, but the Identity of
the one who shot Lum Sier is not known.
The circumstances would point to Bah
Non as the would-be murderer.
DECRIES PROFESSIONALISM.
Editor Creed of the Califoraian De
clares It Has Demoralized
Baseball.
BERKELEY, March 3n.— Editor Creed
of the Daily Californian, in this morning's
issue of the college daily, declares that
the national game has been demoralized
by the inroads of professionalism, and
that the general public in San Francisco
is being "baseballed to death." He says:
"ProfessionaJ teams are as thick as
mushrooms in San Francisco and the sren
eral public in that city is baseballed to
death. The decision of the management
to play the remaining- contests on the
campus was the only course open under
the circumstances and should meet with
hearty approval. A game which has been
demoralized by the inroads of profes
sionalism to the extent baseball has can
find no better place for improvement than
a college campus."
Will Reopen Their Church.
BERKELEY, March 30.— The Berkeley
Baptist church will be reopened on its
new location at Allston way and Fulton
street next Sunday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock. Rev. E. A. Woods, Rev. W. H.
Latourette, Rev. H. C. Woods and a
number of Baptist clergymen from
around the bay will assist the pastor.
Rev. D. J. Pierce, in conducting the cere
monies. Rev. George B. Hatch of the
First Congregational Church of Berke
ley will extend the congratulations of the
other denominations.
BRODERICK OBJECTS.
Will Address the Supervisors Re- '
garding the Cost of the New
Insane Ward.
Auditor Broderick is preparing a vigor
ous protest to the Board of Supervisors
regarding the manner in which city funds
are being expended in the establishing of
an insane ward in connection with the
Receiving Hospital.
He will call attention to the fact that
the original resolution called for the ex
penditure of $4©o, and that since that time
bills have been run up aggregating $800.
Mr. Broderick objects to the manner in
which the matter has been handled, and
calls attention to a similar state of af
fairs when the sewerage system at the
City and County Hospital was in course i
of reconstruction. The original cost of '
that improvement was computed at $I<XK) i
but nearly $6000 was expended before the !
job was finished.
Dr. Sussdorf Sued.
Dr. Gustave E. Sussdorf, superintendent
of the City and County Hospital, was
sued yesterday in the Justine's court by
W. S. Morrow, a collector, on a nromisaorv
note. The Instrument binds Sussdorf to
pay $52 50 within six months from the
time the note was executed.
FIFTY YEARS
AS A PRIEST
Remarkable Career of
Father Demesani of
the Jesuits.
A Celebration Will Be Held In
Honor of the Aged Priest
Next May.
Brief Notes From the { Different
Churches Throughout the
City.
For fifty years Father Te!esphoru3 >
I Demesani of the Society of Jesus (Jesuit
community) has had the highest ideals of i
a preacher continually hefore his mind, j
Although 75 years of age, he Is in perfect ;
health and is In possession of all his fac- <
ultles, looking less an old man. in fact,
than many half his own age.
For half a century he has labored for
the church and has consecrated the
flower of his youth and the bloom , of his
manhood in the study of man and God, j
converting the one by disseminating the j
truth and the words of the other. Hjp has
lived all these years in the world and at
the same time beyond it, taking no in- '
terest in earthly affairs other than to,ad
minister to the wants of suffering hurran-
Ity. For fifty years he has labored i! V tne ;
I cause of righteousness, piety and virtue; ;
j and to crown his noble career he is to |
| see the day that both his fellow-workers, ;
i and those he has labored for, will honor j
his name by a celebration seldom seen in
the Catholic Church— a monument of de
votion ajid prayer erected to the memory
of a man still living. The celebration next
May will mark the first of its character
erer held in the Catholic Church in this
city.
Father Bemesanl was born in Rome,
Italy, on the 11th of May. 1823. It was dur
ing "the early years of his boyhood that
he first manifested the desire of entering
the church, and at the age of 16 he was
admitted into the Order of Jesuits.
From this early period his brilliant ca
reer dates. After several years of close
application to study he left the college
and taught for several months in a Cath
olic seminary.
After his return to the college where he
had first taken up the work of Christ he
again pursued his studies for several
years and was finally ordained a priest
of the order on the 2d of May, IS4B.
Boon after his ordination he was sent
on a mission to Canada, where he re
mained for twenty years preaching,
teaching and working lndefatigably in
the cause of Christianity.
On October 9, IVJS, he arrived in San
Francisco and joined the society of Jesu
its in the old St. Ignatius College on Mar
ket street, which formerly occupied the
present site of the Emporium building.
He remained in this city until IKK7, when
he left here to take the professorship of
philosophy in the Santa Clara College
and at the same time the ministry of the
Catholic Church at Mountain View (Santa
Clara).
He held the professorship at the college
until July, 1594, when he was recalled to
again resume his duties In this city.
From this time he has continually re
mained here, being employed in teaching
moral philosophy and modern languages
in the new college on Grove street.
In addition to an acute and thorough
knowledge of moral philosophy, he is an
accomplished linguist, speaking French
and other languages with the fluency of a
As the date of the fiftieth anniversary
of his priesthood falls on Tuesday, March
2. the celebration in honor of the event
will not be observed in the church until
the following Sunday.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock in the morning by Father
Pemesani, assisted by the clergy of St.
Ignatius Church.
FATHER TELESPHORUS DEMESANL
An invitation has been extended to the
Archbishop and nthers to the pastors of
the various Catholic churches through
out the city to attend the ceremony.
The Archbishop has sent his regrets
that he will be unable to attend, as the
sacrament of confirmation is to be admin
istered at the cathedral on the same day.
Special music will be rendered on the
occasion, and the church is to be elabo
rately decorated with flowers, candelabra
and electrical effects.
In the evening solemn high vespers will
be celebrated, and will be followed by the
solemnization of benediction.
On the following day the students of
the college will tender a reception to the
aged priest in the college hall on Grove
street. Archbishop Riordan will deliver
an address on the occasion, as will also
a number of other prominent prelates.
Services for Holy Week.
The ceremony of the exposition of the
blessed sacrament will be held all day
to-morrow in the church, and in the even
ing there will be a sermon and the solem
nization of benediction. There will also
be an additional mass celebrated at 9
o'clock in the morning.
On Palm Sunday the blessing and dis
tribution of the palms will take place at
10-30 o'clock, and immediately Defore the
observance of mass. Owing to the read
ing of the passion, there will be no ser
mon, as is invariably the rule in all Cath
olic churches throughout the city.
The order of services will be the bless
ing and distribution of palm, followed by
The : fao-Bimile :•; : yr&' - yy^tT** i» on every wrapper
signature of (4a&ff£s!%cte of CASTOBIA.
a procession of the blessed sacrament and
the solemnization of mass.
In the evening solemn benediction will
be observed, and a lecture on the subject
of ".Does the Justify the Means?"
will be preached by Rev. D. Mahoney.
On Wednesday, April 6, the Jesuit
Fathers will be engaged the entire after
noon and evening in hearing confessions
of those penitents desirous of receiving
communion the following day, Holy
Thursday.
On Thursday. April 7, solemn mass will
begin at 8 o'clock. As there will be no
other mass on that day, comunion will be
given every half hour during the morn
ing.
In the evening there will be a sermon on
the subject or "The Blessed Sacrament."
On Good Friday, April 8, services will
begin at 8 o'clock. The passion will be
chanted by Rev. Fathers Freiden, "Woods
and Calzia. The adoration of the cross
will follow, and the sacrament will be
carried in procession from the repository
to the main altar.
At 12 o'clock noon the devotion oi the
three hours' agony will begin, and will
continue until 3 o'clock. This service will
be conducted by Rev. Father Neri.
At 7 o'clock in me evening, after the
ceremony of the way of the cross, - ser
mon will be delivered by Rev. Father
v\ illiam Culligan of Santa Clara College.
Immediately after the sermon there will
be a blessing administered with a relic
of the true cross. Those of the congrega
tion desirous of kissing the crucifix may
do so by kneeling Lefore the altar rail
directly after the blessing.
On Holy Saturday, April 9. services will
begin at 7 o'clock in the morning, but the
mass of resurrection will not be celebrat
ed until & o'clock.
Company A of the League of the Cross
and the members of Council 58 of the
Young Men's Institute will receive com
munion in a body next Sunday morning
at St. Mary's Cathedral.
"A Man's Responsibility in Social Life"
was the subject the Rev. H. E. Cooke
chose to expound before the business men
at the half-hour Lenten exercises in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce yes
terday noon.
"Jesus is the true and actual leader in
social life." said the preacher, "He came
not to be ministered unto, but to minister
unto others, and we should take Jesus as
our example, for he was the model of
goodness and a man amongst men. He
formed, and. in fact, molded society to
his own idea and he carried his joyous
Christian life everywhere with him.
"Although God," he. continued, "gave
his life as a ransom for many. He did not
shun the social life, but on the contrary
assisted in perfecting it.
"Our conversation, whether at home or
in business circles, should be s<uch as to
edify those who come in contact with us;
and* with the aid of prayer this can be
done."
The usual interest and religious feeling
was manifested in the services and an un
usual number of clerks and business men
generally were in attendance.
ON THE TRAIL
OF A BURGLAR
How a Slick Individual Is
"Working" the House
holders.
Pretends to Be the Employe of a
Gas Company and Annexes
Valuables.
Detectives Reynolds and Dlnan are In a
quandary which Is worrying them almost
to distraction as the various men in the
upper office of the police are endeavoring
to outdo one another with captures worth
speaking about. Within the last few days
many small and some large burglaries
have taken place In various portions of
the city, and the detectives in question
were detailed on the case by the Chief nf
Police. According to the reports made to
the office by parties who have been re
lieved of their valuables there Is a "sMok"
individual working in the city, who has
evidently been in the business before, and
in consequence the detectives are woik
ing all the harder.
The party who is being looked for by
the police visits a residence which suits
his fancy and tells a tale of his being
employed by either a local gas or electric
company and gives a card with the name
of William Tell written on it, and states
that he has been sent by the company
by which he Is employed to look over the
fixtures to see that everything is in work
ing order. As is natural in such cases con
fidence is reposed in him by the parties
in the various residences, and he is given
free access to all parts of any house
which he may be operating in.
However, when the occupants of the
house begin to look over their valuables
the next day it is soon discovered that
something out of the ordinary has been
taking place and the thefts have finally
been traced to the gas fixture repairer.
Mrs. Levy, who lives on Larkin street,
called at the office of the Chief of Police
last evening and reported that the man
had visited her residence, but that luck
ily she had not been robbed of anything
which had so far been missed, but the
facts were given that many neighbors bad
complained of both small and heavy
losses and the description given by the
losers tallies in every detail with that
given on previous occasions by those who
had been unfortunate enough to have be
lieved in the tale recited by the one who
has evidently worked his game in other
cities, as it is stated he is exceedingly
clever and has the appearance of one w-io
would be believed under ordinary condi
tions.
Without doubt the guilty party will toon
be arrested as the description given Is ac
curate according to all reports given by
those who have had tne pleasure of h's
company and the pain of discovering their
loss upon looking over ihelr valuables in
a short time after the departure of the
much-wanted man.
SHARKEY MAKES
A STATEMENT
He Will Fight Jeffries Where
the Best Inducements Can
Be Had.
But an Eastern Man Must Bo Se
lected to Referee the
Match.
Thomas Sharkey, the young and
hard-hitting pugilist who will not take
a back seat from any of the heavy
weight champions of the ring, gave The
Call last evening the following state
ment which speaks for itself:
San Francisco, March 29. 1898.
Sporting Editor The Call: As
there has been considerable talk
recently about a contest between
Jeffries and myself, I think it only
right to let my friends know how
I stand in the matter. It has been
said that the sporting public de
mands that I meet Jeffries. I am
quite willing to do so, and the only
conditions I impose are that we box
before the club offering the largest
purse, and that some reputable
sporting man be brought here from
the East to referee the contest.
While I prefer the National Club,
as it brought me out and haa
handled all my matches in this city,
I am nevertheless ready and willing:
to go before any club offering
better lpducoments.
As the National Club has offered
the best Inducements so far, I am
ready and willing to sign at any
time. If any other club offers
better inducements it will have my
sanction to make the match.
If Mr. Jeffries takes the same
businesslike view of the matter as
I do we should soon be signed.
Yours, etc.,
THOMAS J. SHARKEY.
A Physician Fined.
Dr. J. W. Jones, who was arrested a
few days ago on complaint of the Health
Department for falling to register a, birth
at which he had assisted, was fined $10
by Judge Low yesterday for failing to
comply with the city ordinance covering
such matters. There are several other
cases of the kind still pending.
/"*^l^ "Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ n ■-!« ♦>-■*> Kf.ARX V ST. Established
tt3Ti*'-Mm in 1*34 for the treatment of Private
|»itv .4Hw lilspiises, Manhood. Debility or
MraaMMß^ disease wearing on body and mind and
wfi9a3B§£fS .Skin Diseases. The dociorcures when
j^^SHnQR others fall. Try him. Charges low.
SJBKBSs Cnre«enarantrrd. Callorwrlte.
I>r. J. F. <Un.tO>, Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
rHriU $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3, 13. 23, May 3
Columbia Apr. 8, 18, 28, May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«>*>. Steamers leave Broadway
NK||kjßh wharf. San Francisco:
Hk**»3ftK». For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
ifiTESAira March 2. 7. 12. 17, 22. 27. April
iP^BBH 1. Transferred at Seattle.
Ha^^flHl For Alaskan ports (from
1 '^VR^W Spear street wharf). 10 a. m..
'' March 2, 6. 10. 14. 18, 22. 26. SO.
Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2. 7.
12 17 22 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's ateam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma wit*
N PRy, at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. and every sixth day
1 For* Santa Cms, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>.
CJaViota Santa Barbara, Ventura, . Hiieneme.
c ln Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an*
Newport?* a. m.. March X 6. 10. 14. 13. 23, 35.
SO. and every fourth day .Hereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). H
if m* March 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. Bay. San Jose del
For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Tabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Fas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
April S. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
* TICKET ' OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A*-..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
fMaailli S. S. ZEALANDIA.
fthflSlll! toe HONOLULU only,
• **•■■■• Wednesday, April 6,
y^^^_^ 2p. m. Special party
51 .^i rates. s.s. alamsda
< StWlM<;hine) The S.S. ALAMEDA
qXCuIUjIIiK sails via Honolulu and
. /RmßfiPll- Auckland for Sydney
\Wllip\il Wednesday. April 20.
at 2 p. m. _•__
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
7 T D N -SPRECkEi!i a i BROS. CO.. Agent,
j. ±j. om iv Montgome ry street.
Freight Office— 327 Market ft.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier-thew) 42 North -»•=*»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^Cffi>
by this line avoid both transit by /I*'*™"
Fnelish railway and the discomfort of crossing
ITii^"-""""-.-.^.'-.!^.^
It GASCOGNE - April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE... April 30. 19 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE.... ...May 7, 10 a. m.
T ' No. S. Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
' DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck....April 28 A. Victoria .....May 29
Columbia .......May 12 F. Bismarck.. ..June 1
Normannia May 19 Columbia ........June 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin »4o up, Steerage $3*.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria April 16 Pennsylvania. ..May 14
■ patrla ..........April 23 Palatia May 21
: Phoenicia May 7 Pretoria .........May 23
I Ist Cabin $75 up, 2d Cabin $40. Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HEKZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at • ■
p. m. daily. -- "•■■■■•
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th«
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, ' CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS,
: Telephone Main SOS. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
I Men., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.>
Fridays ■ ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....". 10:30 a..m. and 8 p. m.
-Landing and — Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone; Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS and SANTA CRUZ
i Steamer Alviao leaves Pier 1 dairy ; (Sundays
i excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alvlso dally (Saturdays
! excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers
i Fare -between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
i to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
• B-irMjt at rcet. San J^sa. - " -,v.
910
"WORM THAT
DIETH NOT"
Father Yorke Portrays
the Remorse of
Conscience.
The Fundamental Truths That
Underlie Religion Vividly
Presented.
St. Mary's Cathedral Was Crowded
With a Vast Assemblage
to Hear the Lecture.
"The Worm That Dieth Not" was the
title of Father Yorke's sermon delivered
last evening in St. Marys Cathedral on
Van Ness avenue, and under this caption
the eminent divine developed in a master
ly style the argument of the remorse of
conscience. The cathedral was tilled to
Its utmost capacity. Every seat was oc
cupied.while tin alsleswere alsocrowded.
Following the brief devotional exercises
Father Yorke ascended the pulpit and in
substance spoke as follows:
We have entered upon this mission in order
to give ourselves time to think. It is hard tor
us u> put aside even for a brief space of time
the trifles that make up our lives and to bring
our minds to dwell upon the truths that under
lie religion. It is never a pleasant occupation
to collect our wondering thoughts^ The mind
la greatly distracted by the reading ot the
modern prints that are rilled with gossip, scan
dals, foolish alarms and lies without end. Tbua
■we lose the power to think for ourselves, but it
la necessary that we should give ourselves U>
eerlous thought no matter how unpleasant it
may be. The problem does not affect our
neighbors", it affects us.
We stand alone before God and by our own
hearts shall we be justified or condemned. The
point trom which we start Is the truth that
God has giver, us something to do. He is great
In his generosity to us and his one purpose is
to save our souls. We see uuon our right and
Jeft hands his warnings and his mercies, let
despite them we are free to fail or succeed.
It would he a relief to blot out the word fail
ure from our minds. The thought that flesh
and blood may fail is a hard one. God ia
?-ood. He will not ask of us forever. He died
or man and some day and somewhere lie will
bring us to himself. If we would know how
rood he Is we have only to read the life of hia
blessed son. For 1300 years has the story been
told and yet it Is not finisned. There was no
fnrm nf suffering that he did not alleviate, no
sorrow that he did not console. He came not
to call the just but sinners to repentance.
Tet he has taught us that th-re is a bound
beyond which even his mercy cannot go. De
spite all that he has done and would do there
are some who must fail. The ten foolish vir
gins that kept not their lamps supplied with
oil clamored to obtain entrance after the
bridegroom had closed the door. Theirs was
the remorse of conscience. Christ would
bring- us closer to himself If it need be only
to cast us out. for broader and broader does
he make the conditions of salvation only in
order to show us that failure is possible.
The king that made a marriage for his son
and thin found at the feast a guest that had
not on a wedding garment had him cast out.
This guest observed not the custom of the
feost. and while It was a little thing yet he
was lost. This illustrates the facts that we
must observe Gods laws and keep his com
mandments.
What does failure mean? The God of love
and mercy has taken oarc to tell us. His own
gracious "lips have again and again declared
what the lesson .rf failure means. The parable
of the unjust steward teaches us that God
Is full of me'-cy, but that we can provoke that
■wrath from which there is no escape. Odd
does not falter when he tells us of the tor
tures that be for those that set his words at
defiance. He likens his kingdom to a net that
■was let down Into the s^a and when it was
drawn up filled with fishes the good were kept
but the bad were thrown out. So shall it be
at the gTeat and final end.
There is no suffering or sacrifice too hard to
be endured upon this earth in order to escape
the wrath that is to come. These are the
words of him that died upon the cross to save
us. We have our Lord's word that failure is
possible, because we have our own free will
to choose either the good or the evil. We
know why he has sent us into the world and
we can defeat his wishes if we choose. If
•we reject God he will never force himself
upon us. We have eaten of the fruit of knowl
edge and there is no excuse.
When it is too late we shall be tortured with
a longing to love him, but it shall be turned
Into the bitterness of hate. Who can put Into
words all the gloom and despair In the word
failure? What can compensate the soul be
fore the «eat of Judgment that knows that all
If too late and that all is lost? Once the soul
is lost it is lost forever.
Eacb has his own life to live: each has his
own work to do. We each may fall, for salva
tion is guaranteed to none of us. Whether we
succeed or fail depends upon ourselves. We
are the keepers of our own souls: we are the
masters of our own fates. If we fail we alone
must suffer the penalty. Forget not the day of
Judgment.
MAYOR PHELAN TO BLAME.
The Snail-Like Gait of the Mission-
Street Cars a Source of Annoy
ance to Business Men.
A reduction in the schedule time of the
Mission-street electric cars from eight to
Blx miles an hour has been the source of ,
considerable annoyance to not only the j
laboring men whose time means money, :
but also to merchants and others living in i
the Mission. Heretofore the speed at ■
which the Mission, and for that matter
the Valencia and Howard street cars, ran i
•was considered a great advantage to |
those who patronized them in consequence
of the speed at which they traveled. The j
Mission-street line in particular was j
sought by the great majority of laboring
men and others by reason of the fact that
it only required a few minutes to reach j
their places of business or shops in which j
they worked from the furthermost part
of the line.
Now the speed of all lines running into
the Mission has been reduced from the
•^^t-mlle ciiD to that of six miles an
hour, and on this schedule of time the
people are dissatisfied and ask for a
restoration of the former schedule time.
Mr. Vining, the superintendent of the
Market-street combine, when seen by a
Call representative on the subject, said:
"The object of the company in running
Its cars Is to try to please the public.
This we have been doing by running our
cars at the rate of eight miles an hour.
And as a result the Mission-street line
monopolized almost all the traffic of the
Mission.
"The working men whose time meant
po much to them, as also clerks, and, for
that matter, business men, were well
satisfied with these arrangements. The
company likewise had no fault to find,
t)Ut on the contrary was well satisfied be
cause the public were satisfied.
"But at a time when everything was
running along smoothly between all par
ties, this company received a letter from
Mayor Phelan requesting us to establish
b. slower time schedule. This we have
ione, recognizing the fact that it is to be
supposed the Mayor of a city speaks for
the people. Now we hear nothing but
complaints from one end of the Mission td
the other over the creeping gait of the
cars. They are likened unto the cars of
years gone by, when the horsecars trav
eled at the rate of four miles an hour.
"If the public want us io go faster we
will, although it will entail more expense
to run cars at eight miles an hour than
Jt will to run them at six: yet we are
willing to please our patrons.
"For all of this inconvenience, which
we very much regret, the public must lay
the blame with the Mayor and Super
visors and not with the company.
"In addition to having one of the finest
climates in the world, San Francisco has
one of the best street car services in the
Vnited States, and it is the desire of this
company to keep it such. Had I my way
I would run the cable and electric oars at
a rate of ten miles an hour. It is none too
fast for the wide streets over which they
travel.
"If Mayor Phelan revokes his request
we will return to the eight-mile clip with
pleasure."
Alarmed the Neighbors.
Captain Nicholson, 3G32 Twenty-first
Btreet, had occasion to go In search of
Mrs. McDonald, 332 Clipper street, early
Tuesday morning, and meeting Policeman
Meredith asked him to help him in find-
Ing the house. They went to No. 228, oc
cupied by G. J. Attinger, and struck a
match to see the number. They had just
gone when Attinger opened a window and
fired two shots from a revolver, when
Meredith questioned him he Bald he
thought burglars were trying to break
Into the house. The police are afraid that
the Incident might be exaggerated into a
daring attempt at burglary.
Verdict for McGilvray.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday the jury in the case of John T.
Gorhey against J. D. McGilvray & Co. re
turned a verdict in favor of the defend
ant. Gorhey brought suit to recover dam
ages for the loss of three fingers caused
by the falling of a block of dressed stone
in the stoneyard of the defendant. The
allegation was that the defendant was
criminally negligent with the hoisting
tackle.
This was the second trial of the case,
the jury on the first trial having disa
greed.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Virginia If. Ecker to Virginia Ecker (daugh
ter) lot on N line of Bush street, 45:10 i. of
Webster. E 22:11 by N 90; $10.
Virginia Ecker to Virginia M. Ecker (widow),
Patrick J. Kelly to Wlnnlfred A. Kelly (sin
gle), lot on NE corner of Elm avenue and
Scott street, N 40 by E 32:6; gift.
Estate of Laura M. Blair, by W. J. Somern
administrator, to William Price, lot on E line
of Mission street, 185 N of Eighteenth, N 50
by E 24:>; $15,250.
William Price to Walter F. Foster, same;
George Edwards, by B. P. Oliver commis
sioner, to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 81:11 W of
Guerrero, W 84, NW 309, E 103:2, S 177.3, E 18,
S 125. 55526; $10,828.
Miguel Xoe, by R. J. Mercer commissioner,
to Adolph C. Weber, lot on N line of Elizabeth
street 150 E of Guerrero, W 84, NW 309, E 26
by N 114; $1309.
Gaston M. and Julia B. Ashe to Isabella
Levy, lot on N line of Sutter street, 37.6 E of
Mason. E 50 by N 87:6; $10.
George Beuchart to Anna Starke, lot on Is
line of Bay street, 62:6 W of Mason, \\ 25 by
N 87:«; HO. . „
Thomas and Charles I. Ford to James i .
FV)rd lot on S line of Ellis street. 30 h, of
Larkin. S 57:6 by E 26:10; $10.
Oregijn Improvement Comapny (by Lben
Smith to John I. Waterbury
and T. Jefferson Coolldge Jr., blocks 6 and b,
S B Addition, as follows: Block 5, bounded
by N lieale, E Brannan. S Fremont and W
Bryant; block 6, bounded by N Fremont, E
Brannan, S First and W Bryant; also all prop
erty wherever situated; .
J. I. Waterbury and T. J. Coolldge Jr. to
Pacific Coast Company, same (4 descriptions);
Oregon Improvement Company to same,
same ; — — .
Farmers' Loan and Trust Company of New
York to same, same; .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ellen A. Fife
(wife of Georce S.). lot on E line of Tenth
avenue, 200 S of L street, S 160 by E 240; $10.
George S. Fife to same, same; gilt.
Alameda County.
Thomas Ellis to Leigh H. Robins, lot on N
line of Prospect avenue, 8X W of Spruce street,
\\ 44 by N 100, being lot 11, block F, Clinton
Mound Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Margaret A. Wallace to William C. Wallace,
all Interest in 4 1-10 acres, beginning at a point
in center of Telegraph avenue where S line
lands of S. E. Alden intersects same; thence
NE 4.30 chains. NE 10:11 chains. E 4:10 chains.
B\V 11.40 chains to beginning, being portion
plot 35, Ko V. und D. Peralta, Oakland Annex;
Daniel and Clara Meyer to Max Gruenberg,
lot on NW line of Paru street, with N line of
Washington streft or Central avenue. NE 110:4.
NW 104 SW 16J2, E 121:6, to beginning; Ala
meda. JlO.
John T. Morrison (executor of the estate of
Henry K. Stiles) to Hans P. Raust, lot on E
lino of Center street. 125 S of B, S 25 by E 133,
subdivision C in lot 5, block 795, Watts Tract,
Map 2. Oakland: $200.
Adele E. BUlleman to Manuel Raullno, sub
division D of lot 7, block 790, Watts Tract, Map
Homer A. and Dora E. Craigr to Alfred yon
der Ropp, lot on SE corner of Lake and Madi
son streets, E 60 by S 100, tract D, Map of
Property of Joseph K. Irving. Oakland: $10.
Eunice W. Dewing to Augusta M. Palmer,
lots 4 and 5, block A, Gasklll Tract, Oakland
.Annex; also lot on E line of San Pablo avenue,
55:8 N of Twenty-seventh or Park street, X
00:6, E 124:8, S GO, W luO;8, to beginning, being
lots 3 and 4, block 2025, Whiteher Tract Map 2;
$1.
KrriPst A. and Elizabeth T>. Heron to Chas.
L. Sturm, lot 20. block G, Linda Vista Terrace.
Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
George Dickson, lot 116, in plat 38, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $28.
James O. Clan-age to Manuel J. Bettencorte.
lot on S line of Bay View avenue, 705. 50 E of
Sunnyside street, E 50 by S 266, being the \V
BO feet of E of lot 2, block 33, Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township; grant.
Same to Antonio Map iell, lot on S line of Bay-
View avenue. 755. 50 E of Sunnyside street. E
P7.16 by S 266. being the E 97.16 feet of lot 2,
block 33. same, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Joseph A. Lt'onaru Company to W. E.
Brown, lot IS, block C, and lot 9. blo<k D,
Bellevue Tract, together with extension of said
lot 9. block I>, to State Tide Land Line; also
the X 40 feet lot B. block 29, Alameda Park
Homestead; also lot on E line of Grand street,
]M) X of San Antonio avenue. X 50 by E 138,
lot fl. block G, Oak Park, quitclaim deed, Ala
meda; $5.
Hattie B. Sibley to Merritt F. Gale, lot on
W line of John street, 4.16 chains XW from
intersection of W John street with X line of
Mattox street, then NW 6.987 chains, X'W
3.35 chains. SE 10.37 chains, XE 5.03 chain's
to beginnine. being lot Xo. S Stanton tract,
containing 3.057 ncres. Eden Township; $4 r K).
Jesu? M. and Maria I. Alviso to Frank F.
Duvilla. lot on E line of Main street. 60:6 S
of Angela. N 50:5 by E 125. lot 1, block C.
J. A. Xeal's revised plan of the town of
Pleasanton. Murray Township.
Manuel F. Duvllla Jr. to William H. Dona
hue, lot on S corner Xea! and Second streets,
SE PO:9 by S 7?:T l £, block K. town of Pleas
anton. Murray T.nvnFhip; $10.
William M. Keeley to Frank F. Kevin. lot
on S line of First street, where said line in
tersects N line of the W. P. R.R. rleht of way,
E 166, S 84, W IS4 to beginning, Murray Town
ship; $10.
Charles M. McGregor to Antonio Raullno. lot
on N line of Thirty-second street. 45 :» W of
Linden. W 30 by X 100, block 675, Glascock
tract, Oakland; $10.
Louis H. Morris to Annie Morris, lot on W
line of Linden street. 210:6 X of Twenty-sixth,
X 52 by W 132, Oakland : JSfiO.
John Oram to Antonio Mezzacappa and Maria
Domenica, lot on E line of Brush street, 75 X
of Fifth, N 25 by E 75, block 49, Oakland; $10.
A. J. Chick to F. A. Lnsh, lot 24, block C,
Oakland View Homestead Association, Oak
land; $10.
F. A. and Mac G. Losh to J. F. Dlngwell,
same. Oakland; $10.
Marion Jr. and Sue R. Briggs to Baker *
Hamilton (a corporation), lot on SE line of
First avenue. 225 XE of Summer street, NE
37:6 by SE 100, portion of Locksley Bquare, sub
ject to mortgage for $1400. Oakland Annex; $10.
Same to same, tot 3, Piedmont Terrace, Oak
land Township: $10.
Alice M. Chipman to Pacific Coast Loan As
sociation, lot on W line of Caroline street, 425
X of Central avenue, S 50 by W 100, lot 130,
Encinal Park Tract. Alameda: $10.
A D and Mary S. Childress to Annie E.
Leonard (wife of J. A.), lot on W line of Chest
nut street. BO S of San Jos« avenue. S 50 by W
108. lot 5. blo.>k 1". Amended Map of Bartlett
Tract, Alameda: *10.
Charles J. Bond and Samuel Pope (executors
of estate of George W. Bond) to Frank S.
Francis, survey No. 97, lands ex-Mlsslon San
Jose, containing .24 of an acre, Washington
Township; $450.
BUII..DERS' CONTRACTS.
Louis Gondolph (owner) vi-lth A. W. Wilson
(contractor); architect, Harold D. Mitchell.
Alterations and additions, except brick work,
raising and sidewalks, to a 2-story frame build
ing on SE corner of Bryant street and Board
man place. S 75 by E 80:6; $1600.
Walter F. Foster (owner) with P. J. Brennan
(contractor); architects, McDougall & Bros.
All work for repairs to a partially burnt build-
Ing known as Mission Hall, a 2-story and base
ment frame building on E line of Mission
street, ISS N of Eighteenth, N 60 by E 120;
$1470.
Pacific Trletrraph and Telephone Company
(owners) with Walker Bros.' Company (con
tractors), Ralston Iron Works (sub-contract
ors); architect, Albert Sutton. Iron and steel
work for alterations, etc., to a 6-story brick
building: on N line of Hush street. 2U6:3 E of
Montgomery, E 68:9 by N 137:6; $9493.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
P A Coon. NY H G Stevenson & w.
F J Fox. Stanford Kenlo Park
C Fradgley, Nelson H G Stevenson Jr.M P
Mrs M Meagher, Minn F L Richmond & w.
Miss E Kelley, Minn Portland
M!?s M Wyman, Nebr Mrs S Hawley.Le Roy
Mrs J W Sanders, Mo Mrs Worden, Le Roy
It A Graham&w. N V 0 S Bond. Toledo
F F Miles, Chgo Mabel L Bond. Toledo
R J Wilson, Chgo J G Steiner, Chgo •
D McCool. St Louis IF Kraus. Wls
L B Hill & w. R I Mrs F Kraus, Wls
L C Rlvard. Montreal j Miss P Kraus, Wls
W L Vail. Los Any Miss W Hoffman. Win
J II Vtckers&w, Ariz L Nussbaum, N V
Miss C Vlckers, Ariz W 1 Ridgley, -11l
J McCurren. Phil H Ridgley, Str Louis
W F Hunter, W. 2 c Miss L J Brown, Stnd
and nurse, NY C Halne. Stanford I
WII Well &w. Del II W Blackstone, Stn
A A Sterling-, Pa F C Lusk. Chlco
A J Davis. Pa \V B Wangles. Wls
M Body, NY GO Ruhaak, Ky
C E Mix. NY G Cochrane, Berkeley
GRAND HOTEL. ■ , ._
Mrs Simpson, Chicago W Swetland. Butte
Mrs Pelrson, Minn .1 Ross Jr. Cal
E Button & w. Conn A H Burt. Cal
Miss Boyce. Auburn C Hatcher, S Jose
E Henrich, Sacto N Wurtman, S Jose
I) Durst. Wheatland D Burchard. S Jose
P A Coon, Syracuse . J R Smallwood. N V
W J Freeman. S Jose T McGray, Chicago
A J Larson. Lodl F Smith & w, Sacto
H I Seymour, Sacto Mrs Brown, Cal
G Clarence. 3 Jose Miss Hulway. Cal
Mrs Kummen, Seattle O H Hollender. N V
G Kummen. Seattle E H Pantum, Colo
F F Miles, Chicago Mrs Harris. Traver
R J Wilson, Chicago M T Hodson. Ohio
H P Bender, Cal W II Moxton, Denver
F M Davis, Denver A Arnold. Oak dale .
W P Harmmon. Biggs W A Cooper, S Jose
S J Small, Sacto E Knowles, Spokane
W • Murcher, | Stanford J Ingram, L Angr
E Crawford, Stanford T N Case, Gllroy
E Clark, Stanford P Webb & w, Cal
J Ryan * w. UUnoU J ]
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CAI/L, THUBSDAY, MARCH 31, 1808.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N M Anderson, Benicla Mrs D Kain, Seattle
C M Suck, Colo C H Upton. Maine
C Johnson. S Jose G Hall, Bakersneld
J Anninger, S Jose H D Hammett. Boston
J Williams, Cal V E Rainel & w, N V
C J Hynes. S Rosa H D Murray, Chicago
R L Kogarty, Madera Z E Buckner, S Roea
C Powers, Colfax A H Danforth <& w,
J Peterson, Vacaville Mo
C C Hanson, Calistoga J C Moore & w. Mo
P M Morrison, Cal C Christenson, S Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W F Parker. L Ang Mrs Nelson. Stockton
F N Rosh, Cal W F Weeks. Chicago
G Cochran, Cal T J Heling. Denver
O Myers. Fresno D Cronk, Chicago
E Garnett, Portland M Stein &w, Stockton
J Jackson, Tacoma Dr Slmms, Spokane
W Longfelder & w, NY Sam Shaw, Cal
Miss Ellis. S Rafael Al Hallert, Cal
F Dodd, Fresno
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open untll.9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J%^
EVENING, March 31, at 7:30 o clock. I\M.
Second degree. By order of the Maa- '
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. /
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, «
F. & A. M.. meets THIS EVENING _J\-
at 7:30 o'clock, for 3d degree. By or- faX
der of the Master. E. C. HARE. '▼>
Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. ~^&&<Mi,
207, I. O. O. F.— Officers ami : rgsclJßsi'
members are requested to meet at ; ?55»5Jt$s-
their hall THURSDAY, March 21, ''"^
at 8 p. m. for election of representative? to
the Grand Lodge. P. BIGUE, N. G.
R. LANGUE. Secretary.
GOLDEN West Lodge No. 322, vjS^jj^V.
I. O. O. F.— Election of Grand -£?£!£&=
Lodge representatives March 31.
HORACE V. SCOTT, N. G.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings in Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattie, in the
Beattie mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting: will be held at room
6!', Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. 1898. at 1:30 p. m. ■ ■-> > ■■:■
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
, ~.,-,^~~~~~-^~^»^.v '
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and !
Market sts. Please remember yours truly, '
DRUMM. \
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold '
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS- j
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for }1; collections made; !
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. SSSO.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from j
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5. I
MISS WORTH, genuine alcohol trAtment and ,
magnetic treatment. 536 Kearny St., room 9. |
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St.. room 29. second floor. <
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122 |
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
MISS BERTHA TROY, from Chicago, Turkish :
baths, massage. 101. > Market St., r. 17, 3d floor.
MISS LILLIE STANLEY, manicuring and j
alcohol baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 006 Market, room 23, second floor.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St.. room 3.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 110 Taylor st.
MRS. BTEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120^ Geary st.. room 11. - . '%;■■■■:.
DIVIDE NO NOTICES.
NOTICE to holders of "Valley Road" bonds—
The April coupons, bonds of the San Fran-
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com-
pany, will be paid on presentation at the
Bank of California, "Treasurer." on and after
April 1. IS9B. ALEXANDER MACKIE.
Secretary.
! DIVIDEND No. 78 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 2fi. 1898, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS A'ASTED- FEMALE.
NEAT refined colored girl desires situation aj
nurse or second work or lady's maid; best
ref.: city or short distance. MISS CULLEN,
32S Sutter st.
COMPETENT German working housekeeper
I desires situation; good cook and seamstress.
$12 to $15; references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situation;
5 years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
understands all branches of cooking: best ref-
erences; city or country- MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter at.
! GREEN Swedish girl, strong and willing, $10 to
i $12. wishes place to assist housework. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
NEAT colored woman wishes situation: is a
first-class cook and houseworker; with best
: city references. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
COMPETENT German cook, also Swedish sec-
ond girl desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st.. telephone Main 5332.
furnishes most reliable help of all nationali-
ties.
' MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position: refined
small family; housekeeper or first-class cook;
pleasant home preferred to high wages;
speaks German and English. 800 Hayes st.,
near Webster.
I WANTED— A position by a young lady in
hotel as chambermaid or assist in any kind
of work: willing and obliging; wages $18 to
$20. Address 427 Third St.. In rear.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position where she
can take a four-year-old girl with her; good
references. Box 2681, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to do
housework or second work. Call or address
3907 Twenty-fourth st., near Sanchez.
WANTED — Situation by stenographer: willing
to accept small salary to begin with. Ad-
flre— M. E. W., 1704 Hyde st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as cook and
laundress in private family or boarding
house. Address box 2614, Call office.
POSITION wanted to care for one or two
small children; country preferred; references.
Room 23, International Hotel.
TOTJNG girl wishes a place to do light house-
work; sleep home; $10 month. Call 1421 A
Howard st.
WANTED— Position for girl 14 in small family,
or take care of baby. 730 Howard st. ; base-
ment.
GERMAN girl wishes to do upstairs work.
2036 Pblsom st., corner Seventeenth.
WOMAN wishes situation as cook or general
housework. Sl5 Powell st.
SITUATION wanted by young girl. light
housework, sleep home: wages $3 week. Call
3CI Minna st., lower flat.
GERMAN woman wants situation to do hous"e-
work. Address 1419 Baker St.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch; best of references.
IP2O Howard st., top floor.
LADY wishes housekeeper's position or will do
plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth, rm. 6.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
j POSITION as superintendent In widower's
I home by thoroughly competent lady. Address
box 2616, Call.
RELIABLE Eastern woman; first-class cook:
will go to the country; good references. 345
Minna st. ; willing and obliging.
A REAL live widow, good cook and baker,
wishes housekeeper's position or cook in
some mining camp. Address MRS. HOW-
ARD, 34 Sixth st., room 6.
SITUATION wanted in a private family by a
neat, honest and willing German, 26
years old, as cook: thoroughly understands
German cooking. 429^i Ivy aye.
THOROUGHLY competent and intelligent Ger-
man lady, very sucepssful in running lodg-
ing-house or hotel, wishes to take charge of
one. Address MRS. JESSEN, 547 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework and cooking; wages $20. Call at
2100 Stelner st., cor. of California.
YOUNG German lady wants a place for house-
keeping. 2100 Stelner at., cor. Calif oral*.
SII V ATIOKS WAS. Continued.
CAPABLE woman wants a position as house-
keeper and seamstress in a hotel or a wealthy
family, or matron in some institution; can
make herself generally useful in a family;
no objection to a hotel in the country; will
furnish the very best of references. Call or
address MISS BOLTESCHOOL, 2318 Cali-
fornia st.
POSITION wanted by a respectable woman
with a child 8 months old: good references.
Address MRS. M. JOHNSON, room 8. Thfc
Newport, corner Oak and Franklin Bts.
WANTED— By an experienced middle-aged
woman, a position as housekeeper in a coun-
try hotel or institution; references. Box 2641,
Call office. __
WELL educated widow (German) wants posi-
tion as housekeeper or companion to invalid
lady; cheerful and obliging; musical; refer-
ences. Address 2426 Sutter st., cor. Broderlck.
GERMAN lady would like to attend bakery;
has had experience. Address 20 Bruce place,
off Harrison aye., off Folsom, bet. 7th and Bth.
AN experienced nurse wishes a position to take
full charge of infant from birth or to take
care of invalid; city or country. 11308 Pacific.
I YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner of
Seventh; room 10. . > -
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework
or second girl. Apply 9 Kugene aye., near
Thirtieth and Mission sts.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG, healthy wetnurse wishes position.
Call 2228 Pine st.
COMPETENT young girl wishes a situation to \
do housework. • Box 2714. Call office. !
EXPERIENCED invalid's nurse wishes posi-
tion; best of references. Apply 1304 Larkin st.
TWO ladles would take charge of a camp for
a party goin to Alaska. Box 2701, Call Office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes to take care of in-
sane patient or invalid. 1745 Hyde st.
DANISH girl wants work by the day; plain
washing, housecleaning, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
WOMAN wishes position to do housekeeping
or plain sewing. 129 Taylor st., room 5.
SITUATION wanted by a stenographer and
typewriter; city or country; salary moderate.
Address box 2675, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Please call at 436 Vi Hayes st. ; no
postals.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
cooking; best of reference. 2523 Pine st.
YOUNG woman, neat and reliable; good cook,
wish's to go to Klondike; strictly business.
Box 26SS. Call Office. |
SWEDISH eirl wishes situation for general
housework. Address 1135 Florida st.
YOUNG lady would like office work 3 or 4
hours daily. Address box 2631. Call office.
SITUATION.* WANTED-HALE.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell at., tel. Main 5332, fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
CHINESE and Japanese lestab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1H97. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay »t.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Gearv st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOS Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% OFarrell St.; tel. Eaat 426.
STEADY position wanted by young man;
thoroughly familiar with t.usines ways in
town: corresponds in English, German and
Spanish; good accountant. Box 2702, Call.
YOUNG Scotchman of good habits, with best
of references, desires position with private
family: can take care of horses and handy
around house. J. B. WILSON. 523 Folsom.
WANTED— Situation as watchman or janitor;
IS years' experience; also In handling of
steam nnd engines. Adress LOUIS F. AN-
DERSON, 340 Jersey st.
FIHST-CL.ASS horseshoer, can do wagon work,
wishes work; 32 years of age; married: city
or country; good references. GEO. HENGST.
417 Union St.
YOUNG man wants position as porter or first-
class general housework and help in the
kitchen: small wages. Hox 2607, Call office.
PRACTICAL male stenographer and book-
keeper who owns machine wants work; city
reference. JOHNSON. 2. r . Third st.
GOOD Marksmith helper: understands shoeing
horses; low wages; city or country. Address
C, 111 Trenton st.
PICTURE framer with machines wants posi-
tion. Box 2604, Call office.
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman wants posi-
tion. Box 2605. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment !n hotel, gro-
cery, bar or private family, or at any thing
that is legitimate: have had years of experi-
ence, am a hustler, strictly sober a^d reli-
able, can furnish best of reference, also cash
security if required; do not object to the j
country; good home wanted more than wages; I
four years with last employer; a trial If all I ]
ask to prove that I am worthy. Please ad-
dress box 2718, Call office.
SITUATION wanted In private family by a
young, honest and willing man as houseman;
understands gardening; handy with tools;
best of references. Address TONY, 309 Sutter.
SITUATION wanted by No. 1 watchmaker; 18
years' experience; city or country. Address
box 2697, Call office.
C,o<>L« t.til'.r !!•••!■ uiJfccs situation. Address
L. C. r 310 Montgomery aye., room 19.
C'lAiliMAN .!';c]-i v.i.-h^s situation as c oach-
man and gardener; has first-class city and
country references: S years' references from
last place. Driver, box 2638, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and greenhouse man j
wants situation; understands care of horses |
and cattle; looking more for home than high ;
wages; good references. 26S Minna st.
BOOKKEEPER wishes employment as book-
keeper or cashier; has experience and the
best of reference. Address box 2713, Call.
SITUATION wanted; German young man
(waiter) and wife for country hotel or sum-
mer resort. Box 2605 Call Office.
SITUATIONS wanted by men doing gold and
silver plating work. Box 2700 Call Office.
i MAN, aged 32. wants position in grocery store
or commission house; could help with books
and make himself useful; first-class refer-
ences. Address WILLIAM HARRISON, 2324
Charming way, Berkeley.
MAN About Place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 2745. Call.
WAGONMAKER would like work at trade or
any other kind of position; sober and indus-
trious. Address 2671, Call office.
BARBER wants situation; experienced.
JEFF'S, 309 Sutter St.; city or country.
WANTED — By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free
If not satisfactory. Address box 2670. Call.
ANY kind of position by young man: four
years' clerical experience in city; highest
references. C. T., 4 Cottage Row, City.
CHINESE cook wishes a situation in family
or boarding house; city or country; refer-
ences. Address MAY, 729 Sacramento st.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, small
washing, cooking; city or country: reference*.;
JB. $7, $S per week. W. S. F., 616V4 Dupont st.
JAPANESE young man, first-class cook, wants
situation; city or country; good wages; many
good references. A. 8.. box 6, Call, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED collector, age 26, married,
strictly sober and responsible, good refer-
ences, wishes situation. Box 2668, Call office.
GERMAN farmer and wife wants to take
charge of orchard or stock ranch, or take
ranch on shares. Address box 2675, Call office.
SITUATION Wanted— Office man of extensive
experience, bookkeeper, etc. ; high capacity
and references; start low salary where ad-
vancement can be earned. Box 2581, Call.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2553, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to |1 50 night; Jl BO to »6
week; cnmenlerit respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage, to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
NUMBER of housegirls for Oakland, San Ra-
fael. Alameda and Berkeley. $20 to $25; also
2 good cooks, $25 to $30, city. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter st. ■■ . ' :
WANTED— and chambermaid, $25;
2 young girls to do housework, same house,
$20; 23 girls for general housework, $15. $20
and $25; second girl, $25; nurse, $20; number
of girls to assist. $12 to $15. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
• 3 FIRST-CLASS head waitresses for summer
and water resorts; $30 to $40. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS (country), fare * paid; German
. waitress (country), . call early; 2 waitresses,
'. $20 and room (city); 4 restaurant waitresses,
$5 week; 2 waitresses, $15 and room; cham-
bermaid (small place), $10; lunch waitress,
$3. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $25, easy place; cook,
country, hotel, fare returned, $25; cook, few
boarders, in city, $20, call early. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - ■
GERMAN cook. $25; 2 family cooks, $25: 5
housegirls, $20; -10 young girls, ■-. $l5 to . $18;
. nurscgirl for one child. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL for ] Belvedere, $20. see party . here: - girl
for Sulsun, $20, see party here. C. R. HAN-
* SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. - :; : .
6 SALESLADIES, new ; Store, experienced In
notion*, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market < at.
1 .. • •._. . .-_ — ■ ■ " .■. ■ ■
HELP WAV.^D-roniliined.
COOK and laundress, Santa Cruz, $25, fa.r» j
paid; San Jose, $25. 2 In family; Santa Clara, |
$25: Belvedere, $20; Suisun, $20; 10 housework •
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young I
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 per week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
PROTESTANT second girl, country, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, 1 child, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, fare paid,
$10; good home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
i REFINED girl. Salinas, ~$20~; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
CATHOLIC nurse girl. $12; 3 chambermaids
and waitresses, $20 each; waitress, country, '
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. I
i PASTRY cook, $35; waitress and parlor maid.
$20, see lady here at 10:30 to-day; second girl,
across the bay, $20; 3 Irish, American and
French nurses, $20 and $25; 2 second girls,
city. $20 and $25; 5 cooks. $25, $30 and $35;
German or Swiss cook for dairy hands, $25;
kitchen helper, $5 week; Beamstress and
chambermaid; 5 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $20. $25 and $5 week; and a large num-
ber of girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young laundress and chambermaid,
$25; French or German cooks, $30 and $40; i
second cook. $25; second girl, same place.
$15 ; girls for housework and assist, $25, $20
| and $15. LEON ANDRE. 308 Stockton »t.
OFFICE FEE 25 cents less; girls of ail na-
tionalities to fill various positions. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
SALESLADY down-town confectionery store;
an experienced cream dipper; typewriter. 313
Hush.
Five salesladies; office clerk; 33 first-class or-
ders this month; new management; quick
service; courteous treatment. 313 Bush St.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladies for department store: office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
must be a good cook; German or Swedish
preferred; family of two ladies; no outside I
steps to wash; wages $25. 1311 Taylor st.
GOOD girl (German preferred) to do general
housework and cooking in a small family;
also assist with baby; wages $16; permanent
position. 1816 Steiner st.
WANTED — German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework in American family of 2;
no washing; wages $15. 2215 California St.,
bet. 10 and 2.
YOUNG girl or middle-agpd woman for light :
housework: small family; comfortable home: I
$6. Apply after 9 a. m., 2.124 Bush st.
GIRL about 16 years to assist In light house-
work. Call 3E21 Twenty-second st. after 9 a.m.
PANTS finisher. Royal $4 Pants Co., 223
K« amy si , call 4 to « ;■ in
WOMAN wanted to clean down-town office
Saturday afternoons. Apply 2414 Washington.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work and cooking. IG2O Geary st.
STENOGRAPHER, beginner preferred. Box
2611, Call office.
YOUNG lady, well formed, to pose as artist's
model. Box 2609, Call office.
STEWARDESS, country hotel; wages $!0. Call
at C. W. and C. Association, 32:< Eddy st.
WANTEP Chocolate dippers. LOl IS BAROKI
& CO.. 50S Front st.
FELLER hands on custom coats; experienced
apprentices. 935 Market st . mom 12.
WANTED- A alrl to wait on table in a res-
taurant. 830 Howard st.
WOMAN" for housework. 442 Tehama St.; call
after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Competent skirt and waist hand:
no other nped apply. 1627 Mission st.
TAIL'iRKSS to work on custom coats. 5V4
Kearny st.. room IS, top floor.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10. 604 Jes-
sie st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also operators on cus-
tom coats. 2s Morris aye.. bet. sth and 6th. i
GERMAN cirl for general housework. 246 :
Sixth st.
FINISHER on custom coats; 56S Minna St.;
steady work.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; German or Swedish; $18. 1503 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; $8. Apply
1410 Hyde st.
GIRL for housework American family; $25;
girl for up-stairs work, $15. 631 Larkln St.
WANTED— Thoroughly first-class millinery
saleswoman to take charge of a department;
state experience and salary expected. Box
2694, Calf Office.
WANTED — First-class dressmaker, must be a
good fitter and draperess, as partner with a
ladies' tailor; must have some money. Ad-
dress S. U., Call office, Oakland.
:MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
EXPERIENCED shirt-waist hands. M. J.
Keller Company, 1105 Broadway. Oakland.
HIGH School assistant, English branches, $55.
KISK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 420 Parrott
building.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
1535 Santa Clara aye., between Paru and
Stanton sts.. Alameda.
APPRENTICE for hairdressing wanted at 111
Stockton st.
GIRL for general housework; understands
cooking. 45 Liberty st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work. Call 1628 Sutter st.
LADY solicitor wanted; must be good talker.
A. S. C. box 14. Call office.
APPRENTICE wanted (experienced) on cus-
tom coats. 239 Fifth St.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ade taken.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36& Fre-
mont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
st.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 107!> Market
st.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
MALE HELP WANTED.
A LAUNDRYMAN, country, hand laundry,
$26 and found, easy Job.
6 cooks 7 waiters.
4 dishwashers 1 tailor.
Clerk, bartender and runner, combination
man for country hotel. $25 and found; 6
farm hands; 2 choreboys for ranch; 365 i
woodchoppers for different places; 297 tie- |
makers for different places.
40 miners coal miners.
Can make $3 50 to $4 daily, see boss here,
and other places too numerous to advertise.
MURRAY & READY, leading employment
agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ; tel. Main SSIB.
F. A. ROBERTS and Mr. McDonough, tlte
grocery clerks, please call or communicate
with C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK for an institution, $50; cook, country
restaurant, $40; kitchen hand for country
hotel, $20; tamale maker. $30; boy who lives
with his parents to do porter work, $15. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN milker and wife, $40 and found;
milker for Oregon, $25; milker for Yuba
County. $25: 5 woodohoppers, $1 25 a cord.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
POLISHER and starcher, cour.tr>- laundry, $30
and found; ironer, country laundry, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter for restaurant, $50; 4 waiters for
European plan, $35; 2 waitprs, American plan,
$30; waiter, arm work, country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH chef, hotel, $75 to $80. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRED MULLER or Mullan, the cook, please
call at C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COI^)REI> ■Wiiitcr, country hotel, $25; colored
cabin boy for a steamboat, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for Turkish baths. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— English, Scotch or American gar-
dener, $30; carpenter for Alaska, $3 day and !
board; blacksmith for Alaska, $3 day and
board; engineer, $15 week; foreman for fruit '
ranch, $80 and found; metal worker, and i
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young stenographer and typewriter
living with parents for lawyer's office; 15
coal miners. $2 50 day or by contract: 2 wood
choppers, $1 25 cord; tiemakers, 8c and 9c, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Ranch cook, $15; boarding-house
cook, $30; 2 hotel waiters, $30: second cook,
$30; pastry cook, $30. and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 4 miners, single hand work, steady
Job, $52 per month, Napa County; 40 coal-
miners by the car, pitch vein, good layout; j
young man to do chores, private family, $10 !
and found: driver for milk route, $20 and
found; solicitor for milk business; farmers '
and milkers; cook, small country hotel. $25 |
and fare paid, and others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Waiter. German preferred, $40;
cook, lunch house, $8 a week: short order
cook, country, $40; man to milk cows, make
batter, etc.. private place, $30, etc. ANDRE,
Sll Stockton ft.
HELP Continued.
I TKAT__n^G~^ilry~s_l^ P^c Coast
trade: grocery traveler, $100. 313 at.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young busi-
ness man as partner. 313 Buan at.
GENERAL store clerk, dress gods axid domes-
tic salesman, office assistant. 313 Bush st.
GROCERY de.partinent manager ; , r « iS?h e Or
bonds; publisher's collector. 313 Bush st.
MARRIED business associate, no children,
charge of rentals and collections; references.
313 Bush st. ■ ■■ •:
BRIGHT, active business man as managing
partner; cash business; Stockton. 813 Bush.
WANTED— A good cook; must be sober and
steady. People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
SECOND cook and lunch waiter. 432 Fifth at.
MAN and wife, position of trust. $80; charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st. _ -
PORTER, city, $15; porter, country. $20. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 st.
NUMBER of ladles or gentlemen, good ad-
i dress. introduce new educational game; good
wages to right parties. Address Chautauqua,
215 Chattanooga st. ' -
BIG boy wanted at once. BUZARD'S VET-
ERINARY HOSPITAL. 1817 Market st.
WANTED— Piano player for the Klondike. New
25 West at. '
WANTED — presser on coats. 1055 Broad-
way, room 7, Oakland, Cal.
; YOUNG man photographer having wide angle
I lens. 19 Scott place. • ___
WANTED— colored men who can sing. Ap-
ply stage door Baldwin Theater to-day
(Thursday) at 11 a. m. _____
WANTED— A waiter at 427 Larkln St.
BARBERS— Complete outfit for 2-chalr shop
for sale, including poles; come early this
morning, as it must be sold to-day and first
offer takes It. 737% Market Bt.
BARBER to take charge of 2-chalr shop: good
stand, containing 3 living-rooms. Apply 630 I
Market st. .
WANTED— and women: work home: I pay
$S to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or i
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist,' Tyrone, Pa.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
I elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Salesman; one familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business: give reference, ex-
perience and wages expected; none others
need apply. Box 2699 Call Office. •
WANTED— strictly first-class dress goods
man to take charge of a department. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3:30 p.m.
WANTED— Experienced salesman and buyer
for laces, embroideries and ribbons; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 2694. Call.
WAITED — experienced salesman and buy-
er for a small ware department. Address
Box 2694 Can Office.
YOUNG man to travel for city wholesale
house; $120 a month. J. W. MULLINS, P. O.
Box 2453. ■ j
SIX ship carpenters for Stockton shipyards.
Call W. R. RIDEOUT, 632 Market st. rm. 8.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean room*; I
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
500 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNER wanted: good bargain: barber for
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. 701 Lar-
kin st. _^
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S.
26 Steuart st.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay St.
WANTED— Two good canvassers. Call be-
tween 8 and 9a. m. at 22 Post st. THE SIN-
GER MANUFACTURING CO. -~ .-■:. ;
MARKET, 863% (Elcho House)— Single rooms.
12VjC, 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1. $1 25.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de- ,
clared their intention to become such: must !
be of good character and habits and able to j
speak, read and write English, and be be- '
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- j
ment. Bernard. Secy., 102 7th: tel. South 623. |
WAXTED — Laborers 1 and mechanics to know j
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still !
runs Denver House, £17 -hird _t. ; 150 large
rooms:. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— At Montana House. 7C4% Mission |
st., men to take rooms; 10c, lac and 2So per
night; 60c, SOc and $1 per week. . <-
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 135% Eighth st. . -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near !
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and SI
week. Lindell House, Sixth md Howard ata.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 2. .c a night: SI a week. - .
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Alaska gold bonds;
salary and commission: references required.
Apply H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
FOR Sale— Magic cards; good profit. 144 Fifth
St., room 1.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. M 0 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1* Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis TL
ROOMS WASTED.
BY man and wife, furnished room for light
housekeeping; private place. 120S Mason St.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady well advanced In music wishes a
place where there is a piano, to do light
housework in exchange for board and the
privilege of practicing on piano: if desired,
lessons will he taken away from the house.
Address box 2653, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — 100 goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
sun-eying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty- fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN, 933 Market.
SPANISH professor, Sefiora de Velez, teaches
grammatically with pure Castillan pronun-
ciation. 145S Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG. voice culture; 500 a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
WEBSTER. 2107H— Piano teacher; studied In
Paris; terms reasonable: best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236~Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96; 103 In "97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, pkano, Paris graduate: French
Spanish: new classes: %2 mo. 109 Taylor st!
LOST.
LOST— March 29, near Twenty-sixth and Va-
lencia sts., a small black and white dog;
long hair; answers to name of Beauty 15 re-
ward. Return S Wall St.
LOST— On Monday, black chatelaine bag con-
taining lady's gold watch; liberal reward.
The Wellesley, 1433 California st.
LOST— Heavy gold ring, amethyst styne crown
Retting: $5 reward. NEW YORK TAILORING
CO., 115 Kearny st., upstairs.
. ,
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
I UNCLE HARRIS', IB Grant aye.
PERSONALS.
A~CHRISTIAN elderly gentleman would I1k«
the acquaintance of a Christian elderly lady,
view of matrimony. Box 2610. Call office.
ON *ND aft,-r March 29 I, C. L. LOPS, *■ \
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by my wife. MRS. MARY ANN LODS.
Oy * CHARLES L. LODS.
GEORGE— CaII at the old office on Geary st.
to-day at 2 p. m. L. H
HATTIE— Letter received; everything O. K^
write to same address. J.
NO- VINO Dr. Terhune's infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless. Inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. ___
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 rages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PE RS S^L L^U__
TO THE PUBLIC— Union Mission Army
at 114 Hayes st. has been reorganized under
the name of the "San Francisco Union Army
Shelter," and from this date A. w. Moor*
has no longer authority to receive subscrip-
tions for the same. Meal tickets now out
will be redeemed by new ones if we are no-
tified at once. MRS. S. DAVIS.. Commander.
San Francisco. Cal., March 30. 1898.
I AM adding 2 large balconies to make room
for the rush; hairdressing. 25c; good switches.
$1; best, finest quality. $3 50; extra heavy,
long. $5: open Sundays from 9 to 12. Q.
, LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
II AG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A SUCCESSFUL treatment for wrinkles; trial
given; electricity for failing of the hair, at
Halrdresslng Parlors. 9% Stockton St.. 8. F.
MUSIC furnished for all occasions; brass or
string. Box 2612. Call office.
MME. JAY, palmist, removed from 806 Jonea
Bt. to 36% Geary; 2 to 8 p. m. '
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is always beneficial;
try it. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton Bt.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; eleo-
trical water treatment; office 10. 118 Grant
avenue. ____
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c Commercial Transfer .
Co.. 22 Stockton st.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
115 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads ' taken.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sha
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies.
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Houra
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, . wonderful .clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c,
gentssl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120% Geary st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 Mission; German spoken.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
2.'c. 221 Sixth st.
ALICE FAY, cabinet baths; magnetic healer;
hours 1 to 6. 32 Lewis st., oft Jones nr. Post.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 215 Kearny St.. room
2; mind-reader and palmist. ;
MRS. SHAFFER. Lest and. .business .medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St., room 14.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all Questions; L.. 25c: G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card- J
reader: 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
SPIRIVUA_IS3I.
MRS. HENDEE-ROGERS will hold anniver-
sary meeting to-night; lecture and tests; 10c
125 Taylor st.
CIRCLE to-day, 2 p. m. ; Tuesday, 8 p. m.
; ' Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak st. readings. SI.
MME. YOUNG'S jubilee test circle to-night;
boy orator; 10c. 605 McAllister st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Fri. 2 and 8 p.m.; 50c. 322 O'Farrell st.
MEDIUMS' — Anniversary celebration to-
night. Mrs. Leal and others. Market; free.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sitting*.
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st. -
HYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE Sug. Therapeutics, 247 Larkln; sci-
ences; hypnotism: private lessons aft., evg.
classes. Mon.,Thur. cv. Mrs. Dr. Turman,
I S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Larkin St., corner McAllisters
10 a. m. to 4p. m. Dr. S. Turman, President.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviee,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call '>r write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 91S Post St., nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable care for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor ot organs; unex-
celled: 16 years' practice: maternity b->me;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for ail female
diseases; a home in confinement, v.ith best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MKS.
DR. GWYER, 216 Turk st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps tor particulars.
"Relief for Ladies." letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. Dlt.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TRKATMKNT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregulaiities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office, $.">: consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market St.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Sesuro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 40S Clay st
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st . Sn, raiu.iit".
ALPEAI'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies: 3S years' experience. 254' 2 Fourth st.
DrTh.W.I,. SI McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. AinmeJa.
4 MARKET ST.- Hranch office of The < — *•
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ___
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNEIJU~Ofnce and residency,
I 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty-IHsIXES.S CHANCES.
A $COO INVESTMENT will enable you to
clear at least $175 per month; convincing
proof; neat, clean and legitimate; no previous
experience; any bright man can manage It.
__M. LESS. 7ul> Market at. ._■
A PAYING country hetel for Bale, Including
building and lot, 75x1£0; 18 rooms, bar, par-
lors, etc.; SO miles from city; lively town; no
competition; must be Bold; make offer.
LESS, 70.", Market St.. - ,■' - •
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south cf Mar-
ket st. ; value In sight; big bar trade; this
offer means a groat sacrifice. >'. LESS, 765
Market st. >.v":"-
__
$250— PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau-
rant; centra:: owner tire.l of unreliable heip;
trial gi-.-cr. to suitable party. Apply to M.
LESS. 7(35 Market st. ' ' ■
A $3900 INVESTMENT will enable you to clear
at least $200 p*r month; besides you get full
value in sight; this offer Is open to investi-
gation from top to bottom; can have trial be-
fore buying: the business needs no experi-
ence; any live man can manage It success-
fully; it is perfectly legitimate and means a
gentleman's occupation. It in earnest apply
to M. LESS. 765 Market st.
BUTCHERS, attention— To let. a flrst-class
butcher shop, now running in finest market
cf city; established 20 years; daily receipts
$150 to $190; will make rent reasonable; must :
be good man; this offer means getting into |
an Al business for nothing. Apply to M. j
LESS, 765 Market st. j
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon close to
Baldwin Hotel, do::-._ a rushing an.l good
paying business; tow rent; must be sacrificed;
owner compelled by sickness to retire. Call
WILKE, 7;>3 Market st. -
$550— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing I
a good paying business: rare change; fullest ■
investigation given. WILKE, 783 Market st. i
|125n— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon] close to
banks and leading hotels; average dairy re- I
ceipts !22; rent $60, lease: no night work; j
actual value $2000; own»r to retire and going
on bis ranch. Call WILKE, 7b3 Mar!. St.
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store in
Mission; 3 living "rooms; rent $15; daily re-
ceipts, from $S to $10; a first-class offer.
WILKE, 781 Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted in old established cor-
ner saloon, doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; very best location in wholesale district;
only honest and industrious man need ap-
ply. WILKE. 753 Market St.
A— SSSO— HOTEL with good bar; 10 furnished i
rooms; dining room. KREDO & CO.. 22^i
Geary St. j
A— s2so; confectionery and Icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 224 !
Geary Bt. \
$225— SALOON ;. fine corner; side entrance; eas- I
ily worth $600; receipts $15 dally. KREDO !
& co. ;
$400— SALOON- bargain; leaving .for Klondike, j
Mclaughlin a co., It Keamy st. ' I
S ALOON ; no night or Sunday trade; bar- j
gain. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Keamy st.
${50— MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging- i
house; bargain on account of departure. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 26 Kearny st. |
"WOOD, coal, feed and boarding stable $1200 !
Partner for Alaska; owns ship 1000 ,
Meat-market; Western Addition 1000
Restaurant; Market and East 400
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— s46o; WELL- PAYING corner grocery and <
bar.
$200 — For a good-paying saloon.
$350— One-half interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In a flrst-class res-
taurant that will pay $75 to each; this Is a
chance for a good man. Apply B. CURRAN.
26S Minna St. j
PARTNER In hotel— opportunity for ac-
tive man who understands hotel bar trade
to secure partnership in fine hotel business in
very lively city; references given and re-
quired. Address box 2615, Call.
$250— PARTNER wanted in light business: eas-
ily learned; no previous experience required:
trial given- suited to plain, steady man sat- j
isfied with $15 to $25 a week. 724V4 Market
st., room 17.
FOR sale— slsoo; grocery and bar in fine loca-
tion; weil stocked; rent $30. For particulars
inquire V.*. A. SCHULTZ & SONS, 323 Front. >
REFINED business lady wishes gentleman
partner; small capital required. Room 1. I
■11l Geary St . after 1. !
RESTAURANT for sale; block from Baldwin !
Hotel: bargain; cheap rent. Box 2639. Call.
WANTED— To rent or buy half or whole Inter-
est in country barber shop. Bos 2720. Call. J
CIGAR stand for sale; stock and fixtures. ISI
Sixth st. ■ ]
CIGAR store to let. 105 Sapsome st. j
fcC'" 1 WIJJj purchase the Nickel salon, stock, :
plani f «•; 130 Seventh St., '
near I Km Bite; no agrents.
CHANCE for lady with $250 to get half-inter-
est in a good paying business. Box 2617. Call.
RESTAURANT and bakery doing good busl-
Api'ly on premises, Frultvale aye.,
near station.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon; best
opening in the city. 33 Third st.
$125— SALOON and four living rooms; rent $10; i
location: satisfactory reasons for Fell- ,
»ln». Inquire LKMLK L_VT CO., MS Thirl.
tSO AND board; reliable man with Sl5O wanted ■
as partner In an establish cash business; j
rood team. For particulars address CLAUK,
Box 604, San Rafael, CaL \
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly |
profits: rare chance; no stock or Klondike |
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your- i
self. D Sloane. 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore.MVi. !
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. j
$700 CASH— Good paying business; branch
bakery, notions, cigars and laundry: old es-
tablished; no agents. Box 2C. Call branch
office. 106 Eleventh st.
DRUGSTORE wanted; physician desires to
purchase Btore or learn of good location for
store in city. Box 26y6, Call Office.
PAYING laundry route; horse, wagon, etc.; ■
must sell. Inquire 2»52 Sixteenth at., 12 to 1. ;
or after 3 p. m.
DOWNTOWN Ealoon for sale. Apply at 412
Market st. !
CIGAR-STORE, good location. Inquire at 1426 ;
Poik st-, near California.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chophouse; bert j
location; opposite the ferries. 18 East st.
■WANTED— A partner in good paying shoe re-
pairing shop. Inquire at Call Office. j
BALOON— Corner, good location, south of Mar- !
ket st ; side rooms; very reasonable; a bar- i
gain. Box 2687, Call offlc^ I
15c LUNCH parlor, eeats 43; doing good busi-
ness: cheap; investigate. Box 2689 Call office.
TV ANTED— To buy half interest in hay and j
feed business; no agents. Box 2685, Call.
SALOON — Good business; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness Inquire 2006 Flllmore st. j
ELEVENTH, 100— Branch office of The Call, j
Subscriptions and ads taken. !
GROCERY ami bar: 3 living rooms; $18; must ,
be sold to-day; cheap. 551 Howard Bt. ,
160 BUYS grocery and bar; owner sick; must j
9tSL 119 Seventh st. j
GENTLEMAN with $1000 to engage in fine-pay- j
ing business: 200 per cent on money invested;
fortune to right man: flrßt-class recommonda-
tlons required. Address box 2664, Call office.
WANTED — To buy good will of country sa-
loon. Box 2585, Call office. j
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade: perfect title; ]
also good restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
CORNER saloon; good stock of liquors and \
cigars; bargain. 243 Fourth st. j
KOPTsaTe— One of the best bakeries la the city. !
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. |
vTP-SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat. ]
Agents; established Utt' 813 Pine St.. city.
"i'K and tea routes supplied from GEO. i
W. CABWELL & CO.'S. fit Sacramento «t-
\aklN ST.— Branch office of The CalL i
Subscriptions and — nnt ads taken.
DEXTISTS. * , • ■,
A FULL pet of teeth, ?.'; see new flexible
plates- light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our ?pf.-ialtv; fillings, 00c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 21 Sixth bt. ; telephone Jegsle 1132.
A FULL set of teeth. X: painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
brldKe work; crowns, $3 50; fillings, oOe; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
rri'^ are always the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st. ■
.VAN VHOOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless* extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, $5 up: silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns. $3 £0 up: your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
937 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 169j.
DP.. LtTDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like . new: teetn
from ?8 per set: e.-tractlng 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. ).!;i:k, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and.
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 806 to
813 Market St., Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 20, 31 and 32, fifth floor. : -;*. .."'.'■ -■
L. A. TEAGIJE. A. CANT, F. TEAOUE."
removed to Call bids-. 6th floor, rms. 603-CO7.
ALT- work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
XV. KEY, 1320 Market st. : -
6ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C,
TOUXG, IS4I Polk et. ■>; ' ' I
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Gold Fields Dispatch Association
beats everything to Dawson and all Alaaka
points; next messenger leaves on Queen
April 5; boat any other mall 2 months; cxc-
Cttta trusts; letters $:. 552 Parrott building.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on tl.e way up. work out $100
to $SOO of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
__The Gold Star Co., Mills bui.dlnir, 9an_Fran.
DOG: large: long haired; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain; will take $20. 130 Seventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GOOD strong dnja. trained for Alaska, for sale
510 Vai Ness aye.
YT'KOX d:v harness: best made, for sale by
•it outfitters. BAMMAJW, UM Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant »ts.
KLONDIKE (lops: nl?o Great Danes and Fox
tefriTS. KILI.IP'P Pale Yard. 1730 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
wor'.d. HOLMES & CO.. 416-41S Jackson St.
DOGS for X! indike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st
GENUINE I '(.thing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for «al^. It. G. FHAW. 4 Sutter.
LOOGI>u HOUSES FOR SALE. . ■ j
10 ROOMS; 8 steady boarders; snap $ 275 i
15-room house: new furniture; price only. 300 I
23-room house; corner on Fifth st $00 '
22- room bouse; new and good 750
£1 rooms; line location; only 71
85 rooms; rent $200: good furniture 2500 .
110-room house: clears $850 6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness uv<« 1100
j2 rooms, on O'Farrell; clears $50 500 :
26 rooms: new and good 800
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2SJJ
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO.. successful brokers, 22 5 i Geary, i
45 rooms; best In city $2.'X"' ',
17 rooms, near Plaza; always full 650 i
1", rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden, Gate: snap 400
10 rooms; Ellts; new and good 300
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent . 200
7 rooms, all rented; clears $15 150
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$1200—60 ROOMS; clears $150: $600 cash, balance j
time; snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
$175— IS rooms; all full; good-paying roomers.
340 Third st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew- j
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MUSICAL IXSTRUItIENTS. "
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $5 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights un->- same easy
payment? and some good pianos : 3T $3, $4 and
to "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
vest of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 20 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices. , -
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co.. 763 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
PIANOFORTE; bargain; square grand; want
offer; must sell. 130 Seventh st,
$90— EASTERN piano for sale on S3 install-
ments. 221 Leavenworth st.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3. l£OA Eddy st.
FINE upright cheap; for rent or Installments.
16 McAllister St.. next to Hibernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, SO OFanrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
roll SALE-MISCLLLAXEOt'S.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per lOC,
$1 75 per 50; Golden Gate. California, Marie
Louise and Swanley White. $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50. Also 400 assorted palms frum 1 to 3
feet high, from 25 cents to $1 25 eafh: shrubs
in variety; dahlias a "specialty. 5 cents each.
VO cents per dozen; seeds for sale from llnest
strains; Bpeclal rates to the trade. C.CROCK-
FORD. Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
take San Mateo electric car.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. Be: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c: ISx22, 35c: 20x24, 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
lng.all colr.rs.lc ft;open eve. Jones. s47 Mission
HARP, piano, Boehm flutes, clarionets, saxo-
phones, horns and variety of other instru-
ments; Sala transit and level, tents, side-
saddles, guns, revolvers; all high grade; low
prices; no dealers. 3941 Twenty-fourth st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and eeo-
ond-hantl. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
•fission ?t., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS —
TOEPKJg, Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber -n-ashstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
$75 BUYS 180-pound, finest bred Mastiff bitch in
State; worth $500. Box 2615, Call office.
2 FINE Jersey cows for rale cheap. Apply
stable, 623 Minna St., above Sixth.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain. Call at once, C 54 Mission st.
TOOLS and fixtures of butchor shop for sale
cheap. 1651 Eleventh aye. south.
FINE dress suit, nearly new, made by fash-
ionable tailor, will be sold cheap. Apply A.
E. EDWARDS. 130 Second at.
FRESH miloh cow, with calf. Apply 2903
Twenty-fourth st.
FRESH Durham cow; 18 quarts day; §r«ntle;
trade for beef cow. 1312 Folsom st.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, honse-rr.over, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. TB7.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Br-rg:ilns In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ORAJPHOPHONEB, $10: Records, $* per <Joz. :
Projectoscope, $160. Baclgalupt. 93.1-946 Mrkt.
C< fITFKte mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay Rt.
BARS, phowcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought anri sold. ir»fi3 Mlrsinn. near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
! ALL kinds bought. - sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14." Sixth St.: phone Mint 40.
. * CAIU'E'- CLEAJUXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eight i St. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatinjr Works, 353-57 Tehama st. tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
I alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning CO.. 402 Slitter;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; re-laid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 344.
GREAT Eastern . Steam Carpet -Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
i J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
I St.; cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
i CONKLIN"S Carpet-Beat Works. !S3 Golden
Gate avc: tel. East 126.
ATTOUXEYS AT L.AW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no - fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership,' bllls-of-Bale, patents,
' trademarks,: etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; -no charge unless successful.
- W. W. ! DAVIDSON. 327 Market st.
j ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call;
J •übecrlptiou and want ada taken. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1/398.
HOI'SES TO LET.
XllTover^to wn — - - — — — Tv ■"
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
HOUSE of S or 12 rooms; reasonable. K3
Stevenson St.. bet. Third and Fourtlv
HYDE. 609. near Geary - Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen: investigate.
SUNNY house; 7 rooms: modern; cheap to good
tenant. Broderlck, near McAllister st.
$B— HOUSE 5 rooms, in fine order: healthy;
cheap. 1567 Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
$16—9 rooms and bath: comer Hermann and
Stevenson. Apply 1709 Market st.
$S— A REAR house of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated; water free. IS Nat.ma ?t.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
H^UVDSOME" new upper 5-room flat; piano;
reasonable. 2239 Fifteenth St., 1 block north
of Market. .
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate: furniture for sale cheap; optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 6 rooms, stable, yard. 712 Willow
aye.. Ellis, Eddy and Buchanan and Webster.
TO Rent— Modern cottage, 1813 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON, 4S Market St. .
4-r._, $10: 6-r. (new), $15; 7-r. (new), $17; S-r..
$Uf, or will sell. $50 to $200 cash; bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
4 ROOMS $10. or will' sell $50 cash; balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Flat of 8 nice
rooms, $7. _^ —
BEAUTIFUL flat. 8 rooms, bath; every con-
venience; $30. 1505 Geary st.
CLAY. 1633, cor. Polk— s22 60; sunny bay-win-
dow flat, 6 rooms, bathroom. .
DALE place, 12, off Golden Gate aye., between
Leavenworth and Hyde— 3 large rooms.
EDDY, 1541— Desirable sunny corner flat, 6 |
rooms; modern lmprovemts; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT top fiat; 6 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove st., near City Hall.
FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements; 623 McAllister st., between an
Ness aye. and Franklin Bt. Apply at 623
Golden Gate aye.
JUST completed, modern and elegant flats, 8
. and 9 rooms; Washington and Baker sts.
MADISON & BURKE. -,
MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15. ' •
ATOM A. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large sunny
yard; cellar; $10.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY fiat, 5 large rooms; modern Improve-
ments. 27 Elgin Park.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and
Fifteenth s'ts. • ■ ; ■
TO LET— S roms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan.
TREMONT aye.. 4. near Waller, Golden Gate
Park— New modern sunny four-rooms; bath.
WASHINGTON. 1704. near Polk— s22 50; sunny
bay-window flat, 6 rooms and bathroom.
$12 50— UPPER flat 4 rooms; wash room, bath,
gas- separate yard. 4222 Nineteenth st. $10—
upper flat 6 rooms. 144 CoUlngwood st.
4 ROOM 3 and bath; basement and yard. 312
Waller st^__ .
$9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia, __
$13 UPPER flat, 5 rooms; modern. 11 Kings-
ton aye.. near Thirtieth st. and San Jose aye.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms.
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor st.. near Clay.
106 ■ ELEVENTH— Branch office of The CaJl;
subscriptions and ads taken.
FIRMSHED FLATS.
MCALLISTER. 1605—7 rooms and bath; hand-
somely furnished sunny flat, $05. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.
: SUNNY lower flat, S rooms and bath; rent
reasonable; references. 2110 Baker st.
HOI'SEKEEFING ROOMS.
BRYANT, 430, nr. 3d— Sunny pleasant house-
keeping rnr.ms complete, $9 up; single. $7.
BARTLETT, 329— Two furnished rooms, with
i kitchen, pantry, bath; conveniences for
i housekeeping^
i CLAY, 1026—3 large rooms; all conveniences for
. housekeeping; $9^ j
CLEIi— NTINA, 358, bet. Fourth and Fifth-
Two neatly furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap. .
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkm— Sunny furnished, light
housekeeping, mantel, $12^
■ EDDY, Sl5--Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
! EDDY, 917— Sunny, nioeiy furnished connecting
housekpg rms.; gas : range; splendid location.
I ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offlc- of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIFTH, 825 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one, $7; double oarlors. kitchen, $23.
FIFTH. 4284 — Two front rooms and kitchen, j
furnished complete for housekeeping. I
FOXBOIC, 974 — Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap.
GEARY, 618— Large sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms;; housekeeping privileges.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo. j
HARRISON, 7S6A— Sunny front rOMtt- and bath i
in a private family for housekeeping; rent 16. |
HARRISON, 946— Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single rooms;
reasonable.
HOWARD 821— Suites of housekeeping rooms,
$S; single, $7 per month.
HOWARD, 1214— Two or three large sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
KEARNY, IC4— 3 unfurnished rooms and bath,
$15 J
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished: reasonable.
MINNA, 573, near Seventh— Large sunny back
room; all complete; double; yard.
MARTHA place, 5, off Geary St., bet. Mason
and Taylor— Floor ♦ sunny housekeeping
rooms; no children.
MCALLISTER. 1046— Modern furnished flat; 4
large sunny rooms and -bath; private family;
no other roomers; rent $22 00.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ICOSB, 36. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 sunny
bedrooms; regular kitchen; bousekpg com-
plete; $13 mo.; nice yard. j
MISSION, lal.iVi— Large sunny room:' suit two
men or married couple; bath; gas; $9.
NINTH, 20. near Market— Front suites. 1 or 2
beds, single and housekeeping; gas; water.
OCTAVTA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window,
kitchen, gas stove, mantel, bath; $15.
PINE, 706 Vi— Fine large Bunny rooms; fas;
lovely view; private family; cheap.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or -ingle; rent cheap.
POST, 1427—2 or more single or housekeeping
rooms; partly or unfurnished; reasonable;
private. ■
PROSPKCT place, 123. off California and Powell
—1 or 2 rooms, with kitchen, storage, con-
nected. $12 to $15; private German family.
SCOTT, 11? — Two large sunny connecting rooms,
partly furnished; gas; bath.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite, with |
kitchen for housekeeping. $12.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 or 3 ounny rooms nicely ;
furnished for housekeeping. i
THIRD, W— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms, from J6 to $10 a suite.
THREE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
ing at 1130 FBtato st.
TURK, 203— Elegantly furnished sunny front '
rooms for housekeeping; also single; all con- j
veniences.
TURK, 539— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing or suites.
TWELFTH. 145— 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3404, near Valencia— Two
sunny front rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; connecting; $10.
$10 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny
yard. 333 Jessie st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:10
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ad« taken.
l'lfEWHIi JEUS.
ALL typewriters sold and rpnted; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery
YOST, good order. $26; send for sample work. :
6COTT * BAKNAN. 333 Montgomery si. I
: 'ROOMS TO LET."
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearr.y St.— Pleasant j
sunny rooms, en suite and single ! I first-class j
. in every respect; terms reasonable. ?:"•".' : - v
[ii, .. — 1 — • i- , ,i ■
BOND, 16, off Mission— Nice large front room j
ana kitchen; complete $12- month; also nice
■ front room; suitable 1 or 2 gentleman. ■ ; -....
BOHEMIA. IS* . Post— Newly furbished;: faml- !
■ lies and gentlemen; references given. ■*> -y . ;
BUSH. 717— Large sunny furnished room for 8;
$10 a month. - • .:
BUSH, 718 C— Sunny suite, suitable for -one or
two gentlemen; also single; bath. eto, ;~; ~
CENTRAL House, 52 Good family _ single
rms. ; day, 25. 50cT wk.. $1 25. $2 50; mo.. $5 up.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $3 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, • 327— Furnished front room; alcove end
two beds. ' '•
EDDY, Large parlor or suite, elegantly
furnisheu> in new modern flat; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . ■ ' .
ELLIS 418 (Grand ' Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents,. $1 50 to $8 'week.
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny room. *
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 766V4— Large furnished room.- $4; all
j conveniences. '
i FOLSOM. 864— Large sunny front rooms, nicely
furnished, $S and $10 mo. also housekeeping.
FURNISHED rooms for. young men In - quiet
home; conveniently located; reasonable to
parties with good references. M. D., box 2619,
Call Office. . ' ' • '
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: II 50 to $6 per week. ■
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms:
suites ; single; sunny reading room; • 25c • up.
HOWARD, Elegant furnished rooms;
single or double: very moderate. ■ .- -■
IVY aye., 309, near Franklin — - front
rooms; German family: $4 month.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY, Finely furnished rooms; gas;
water; use bath: cheap. ■ ■ . ■ •*
KEARNY, 324— Nice furnished room in private
family; rent cheap.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— 2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water: bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap. •
LARKIN, Sunny furnished room, 1 or ' 2
persons, $6; single room, $5.
MARTHA > PLACE. 6, south of Geary, above
Mason— Sunny room., 2 beds; also single. .
MCALLISTER, 204 (Alton)— front suites;
large single rms.: reasonable; housekeeping.
• MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MCALLISTER. -665— Furnished. front room; use
of bath; - also sunny back - room.
MINNA. 442— Sunny single room. $4 a month.
MISSION, — Large furnished front room; $6
per week.
MISSION. 1053— Large nicely furnished sunny
room; one or two; cheap rent.
MISSION, 'II46, rear laundry, nr. Seventh— Fur-
nished rms $3 month; central; respectable.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
N ATOM A. -63SB — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
. for gentlemen In private family. t
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week,- $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping. '
: OAK, 22— Nicely furnished -modern rooms, -$6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window, front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10. , ■
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; front single room. $6. ■
O'FARRELL, 231— Having changed hands;'
rooms thoroughly renovated; reasonable.
POLK. Co 7— 1 or 2 large sunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired: very reasonable.
POST. 216—3 connecting rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist. .- .'■
POST, Cos— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
and en suite: terms, reasonable.
• POST, 730— Large sunny front room; private
family; central location.
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished gunny rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 4tS — Two sunny unfurnished rooms.
1 ' PINE, .920K— 3?«ek parlor, neatly furnished, for
2 gents; rant cheap.. - ' - . r . - 
"SEVENTH, ' 211—2 sunny, unfurnished v front
j rooms ; rent $9. 'fl '
' SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eichth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
I SILVER STATE, 16-18 Mason— European; ele-
gant rooms; suite or single; (lay, week or
month: baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator. . . • • ' ■ • ■■■'■'' ' ■
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second—
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON, 242— Sunny front rooms, facing
plaza; day, week or month.
SOUTH PARK, 80— Sunny hay-window front
room and bath- In a private family; suitable
for or 2 gentlemen; rent cheap.
TAYLOR ■ Two well furnished sunny
rooms. , .
TAYLOR - terrace, 2, bet. Union and Filbert
sts. — 3 rooms up stairs; 4 rooms down stairs;
sunny. , - _.
TENTH. 123. old No. Large sunny front
bay-window room: $10 per month.
THIRD, 24%— Large front room; well lighted;
! cheap. ' . . '
SUTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed: choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
-- HOAHDING AND ROOMS.
EARTLETT, • 102— Sunny rront room, with
board. • •
FELL, 28— Sunny ■ parlor, with lst-class board
for 2. $35 mo. ;• single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLBOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quiVt family
hotel; modern sunny "rooms, single and en
suite: exceptional table; terms very rea-
sonable. " '■* .' . '
HYDE, 915 — Sunny suites; first-class board:
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. RROTHERTON.
HYDE, ■ — A front sunny bay-window room,
B&s, bath, running, water; breakfast, $10.
HYDE, • 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
MCALLISTER.' 619— Newly furnished sunny
room, suitable for 2. $10 mo. with board. $30.
MISSION, 2844— Sunny front room, with board,
suitable for two; or single room; private
family; good location; terms reasonable.
I NEWLY sunny furnished front room, with or
. without board. Call or address 2436 Post st.,
' near Broderick. ' '
SOUTH "PARK. ;6»— Good table . board, $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER, .1128— Nicely- furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; overlooking garden; baths.
TURK, 812— Nice room two gentlemen: bath:
' gas; grate; -board: private family; $35.
VAN "NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
-free." .-'..- L ...'.•■ -::^: -- ■■.• , ' < .-.':;..,-
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board; best of car*; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister st.
A FEW children boarded: a fine home And
mother's, care. Address box 2637. Call office.
\X elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 23*H Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
FOL.SOM and Seventh. N. E. corner— With fix-
tures and 3 rooms: rent $25.
STORE with rooms, 2946 Mission st. ; occupied
for 8 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
TWENTY-SECOND, S32S— Store. 3 rooms and
hall; large yard; rent $15.
BARK to let— Southwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert Bts. : 25x70; suitable for coal yard; $12 60.
Apply L.. C. BABIX. 41" Kearny st.
- 7- . '.. . HORSES. '■• "-.- iii : ■' .
HORSES, hanless,' laundry, express watons of
ell • kinds, • buggies. '• carts bought, sola.- ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st. •
WANTED— SO ; old donkeys" free from disease
nnd physic for . feed ■ for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city. '
<0 HORSES for sale: also: wagons, buggies,
-carts,^harness;- Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 • Sixth St., auction sales every r Wed-
nesday. .*SULI^TVAW .<- T>orLr Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.' ;v; v
WAGON for : sale cheap If sold 1 immediately.
Inquire at meat market, ' 576 Howard st. ■ ;
FINE laundry, . baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
i\ buggy; also 1 back. -; 823. Harrison at. . a . ,
CITY RK At, ESTATE.
BOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUJX.DIXQ.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECUf.E A HOME.
Posltlrely Best Bargains: Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlsslon-st. electric cars: only $5 monthlyr
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS:
$4-00, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
rlew; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ <& BROTHER.
RICHMOND~LOTS~
$400. $460 to $SO0; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewerptl: $25 down: $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights: easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The best-situated ppot In the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 2S houses re-
maining unsold: 1 large 8-room house. $3600.
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 8-room
cottage, (2800; 1 6- room cottage, $1400, and 1
4-room cottage. $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood; 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery Bt. '
$550— 200x250; RAILROAD Homestead Associa-
tion, near Capitol St.. Ocean View.
$700— 80x130: E side old San Jose road, be-
tween Worden and Farraeut av«>3. ; West End
Map No. 2. CHAS. C. FISHER, 624 Market.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
BRAND-NEW cottage; Mission cars; rental
terms; will accept trade part payment. 413
Kearny st.
SPLENDID corner for grocery; Mission St.;
50x110; l-argaln and easy terms. 413 Kearny.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots arij acreage; easy terms; 43 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st. ,
PROPERTY i O EXCHANGE.
100 RANCHES; 3 to 2500 acres; all prices.
2 stores and 6-room flat; in city 15,000
liO-acre ranch, 6-room house; Sonoma
County ; 4,000
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; in Stockton 8,000
20 acres; all in fruit; . good house for •
rooming-house 3,000'
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
PROPERTY ■to exchange— GSO acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, 3^4 miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence in San Francisco in residence portion
of the city: land valued at $20,000: free of ln-
cumbrance; residence offered for * exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal. . * . -•'■•'
EXCHANGE— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath i will
take vacant lot as part -"-<-mfnt; balance
monthly- Installments. 2670 Twentyr-flrst St..
near Bryant/ . .-■■ .' -
EXCHANGE— Cottage; 5 rooms, bath; will take
vacant lot part payment; balance monthly In-
stallments. 2670 21st- St., near Bryant.
WHAT have you . to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence, lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh St. ' - ;
$2500— OAKLAND cottage for San Jose or San
Rafael home. C. B. WILLIS, Oakland.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. '.-. - ■■• a.f •;
PKOPF.RTY WANTED.
WANTED— A chicken ranch; from 6 to 15
acres; In Alam^'la County: must be near the
nrs S DtTCAS. 11 Mnntjjomory st.
IKOft'EY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on. real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low ln-
t-rcst: private: no com. R. 63, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
StoVe, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st. ; upstairs.
OX furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. EONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1563.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., "2s Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d nr';
any proposition. Dryden, 413 MontgomT*
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d me'
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 828 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com : private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. post&c*
HONEY « ANTED.
CAPITAL wanted to develop gravel mines:
good water facilities: near railroad station.
Box 47. Stent. Tuolumne County. Cal.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. MoAFKE PROP., ire Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from theCUTRATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.; private rooms.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State ot California — In the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEH-
KILL, deceased.— Notice of Bale of real es-
tute.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made OH the 21»t day of March. ISPs, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL. deceased, the undersigned. ANNIE H.
TKKRILL, as executrix of the last will of
paid CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased, will
pell at private sale, to the highest bidder, In
une parcel and for cash in the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
uf April IS9S, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ.,
1004-1007 Claus Spreckela building. San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title. Interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all trie right, title and
Interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
ucMltion to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERItILL nt the time of his death, in and
to all yiat certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets. beiiiK the point
i.f intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
ulong the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (7J) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
Hue parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (2"0 feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point In the easterly line of Elgin Park;
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line of Elgin Park, ono
hundred (100) feet, and to a point in the said
southerly line ot Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along tho said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(MS) feet and to the point of commencement,
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block Is
shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the
Improvements thereon and the, appurtenances
thereof.
ANNIE H. TERRILL, Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
Dated. March 26. 1898.
E. F. PRESTON. Attorney for Executrix.
CITT and' County Treasury, San Francisco,
March IG, IS9S— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 169S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
there will be sold at public auction by E. _.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms. 31 and 33
Suiter street, on
MONDAY, APRTL, 18, IS9B,
At 10 o'clock a. nr. sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
an inventory thereof on file in the .uflce of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearir.K apparel, pis-
tols knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing i-tc. property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city and
county Open for Inspection on morning of
Jaie A. C. WIDBER.
*. . . City aod County Treasurer.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. '_^__ ;
PASTURE lands for . sale •or . rent reclaimed
and unreclaimed lands; rent ■ 10c : an - acre,
upward; for sale,. $2 an acre upward. MC-
AFEE BROS.. Ml Montgomery St., S. F.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. '
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
.The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
SO miles from San Fra.nclsto by raiL
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
«H acres near Winters. ...... $17 60 per acre
i 2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
! 160V4 acres near Tancred ........$3O 00 per acre
I 10". seres near Winters $22 50 per acre
I 131 acres near Madison ...$3O 00. per acre
! 320 acres near Winters $ 30 00 per acre
' . 161V4 acres near Capat $40 00 per acre
ALSO
. 12S0 acres near Swingles ....$ 2 25 per acre
1 4SO acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
'-. 240 acres near Dunnigan .....$ll 00 per acre
ALSO
1103 acres near Willows .....$27 BO per acre
800 acres near Anderson. Sacra-
mento River bottom $18 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND. .
; 629?% acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
, 4120 acres flanking Capay Valley. 75 per acre
; 376* acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
I 2800 acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Rod Bluff $2 00 per acre
Send for our catalogue of these lands.
— McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, ; Cal. ■
IN mining district, near Grass Valley, an im-
proved fruit and stock ranch: 220 acres; only
| $5000. MoAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St.,
j San Francisco. . ... ■
TWO ranches, both improved, with good crop
prospects even this year, for sale or , ex-
change for city or Oakland property; a rare
bargain, as owner Is unable to look after
them. Particulars of J. W. Nj*e, 314 Mont-
gomery st., room 6, from 9 to 10 o'clock a.
m. and 2 to 3 p. m. dally.
$3600 FOR m acres within 8 minutes* walk
from Santa Rosa postof flee ■ and court house:
fine house, 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and hath room; piped for water and gas:
large stable, barn. 3 sheds, 130 choice fruit
trees; will ' Mill whole or In blocks to suit.
Address R. W. BELL, 804 Tupper St., Santa
Rosa, Cal. ■
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfield; house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
WILL sell or exchange for property . In this
city or Oakland— A ranch of 56 acres, unln-
cumbered; 6-room cottage, hard-finished, well
furnished: ' stock, farm implements, etc.:
within 3 miles ! of Santa Rosa. Particulars
2914 California st., after 4 p. m.
MONET on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant aye.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent,
$75 for a fine lot; $5 cash, $5 monthly; build
your own home, or we will build It for you;
payments as rent.
$125 for a nice lot and barn: $10. $5 monthly;
Allendaie settlement. East Oakland; 3 electric
car lines and fine school near; streets all
graded, come macadamized; soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 4."9
Ninth St., bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$16<X) — COTTAGE of 5 rooms, right down town,
on monthly payments.
$500— Corner lot. suitable for business or
residence; street work and sidewalks all com-
plete; near trains to San Francisco. HUGH
M. CAMERON, Real Estate Dealer, 479 Ninth
st., Oakland.
SNAP— J3f.il; 2 lots on Claremont are.. 50x150; 3
blocks from Telegraph-aye. carhouse; 10 min-
utes' from City Hall: must sell: make offer;
owner. DAHLGRBN, 632U Hayes st.. S. F.
AN offer wanted; must be sold to save fore-
closure: 6-room house and lot 25x110 on Eighth
Ft., 1 block from Market-st. Station; a small
cash payment and balance monthly will se-
cure it. BELDEN & COOK, 1112 Broadway,
near Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
9 ROOMS: large grounds: barn; In Piedmont:
rent lnw to good tenant. Apply J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $?5 per month:
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In wh'^le or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLACJHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ftn tes or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household roods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
alameda real estate.
specialTnotice!
first come, first served.
just like paying rent.
$1200, $1700, $ISOO, $?200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on »* market for non-payment
<'f installments, and they are now offered at a
ureat sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
•t. 3. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almrst new, and located near schools and sta-
licrs.
We are going to weed them out and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 62S Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schonlhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash: $25 per month; lot 40x160; only
2 blocks from station and Yilgm school.
$37"0— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150: choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
2 NEW modern houses; open plumbing; every-
thing up-to-date: will sacrifice 1; going to
Alaska; small amount down, balance month-
ly: must sell. Box 2591. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Cnll. In wrapper, for mailing.
BERKELEY REAL tSTATE.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms;
large lot; street work done; near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY HOIT9EB.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
storage:.
AT iow~~rates^Furnlture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1021
Mission it., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
" BIRTHS— MRRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b«
hande-1 in at either of the publication offices
and b<» endorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to hare the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DAVIS— In this city. March », 1398, to the
wife of David Davis, a son.
GALLOP— In this city. March 25, 1898, to the
wife of Ritchie S. Gallop, a daughter.
JACOBI— March 30, 1898. to the wlf« of J. M.
Jacobi, a son.
LYONS— In this city, March 28, 1898, to the
wife of H. J- Lyons, a daughter.
LINDAUER— In this city, March 28, 1898, to
the wife of E. B. Llndauer, a daughter.
XICOLSON— In this city. March 29. 1898, to
the wife of Captain A. Nlcolson. a daughter.
MARRIED.
CLARK— JONES— In this city, March 30, 1898,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. Fred
Clark and Marguerite M. Jones, both of San
Francisco.
HA.YDEN— LUCE— In this city, March 30, 1898,
at the home of the bride's sister, Mrs. F. A.
Hatch, by the Rev. J. B. Orr, Charles E.
Hayden and Ruby F. Luce.
MILLER — CLINKINBEARD — In this city,
March 30, IS?S. by the Rev. John A. B. Wil-
son, D.D., William Judson Miller and Nancy
Mildred Cllnklnbeard, both of Los Gatos,
Cal.
DIED.
Ade, Joseph "Hohs. John F.
Bainbridge. Aspasie Huffman, William R,
Blase. Henry F. Kiep. Marie
Carroll, Emma M. McDougaJl, Hector
Cervantee. Vidal M. MacLaine. Flora O.
Cunningham. John Mulhern. M. J.
Dalton, Mary Nlcnols. William B.
Eastwood (infant) O'Connor, Timothy
Enright. Joseph O'Kane. Mary
Flynn. Bridget Peterson. Emma
Francis. Ethirl Sauter. Jules G. J.
Freiing, Arthur Smith. Wilson T.
Goldsmith. Annie L. Steen, Anna
Haight. Anna E. Taylor. Deede M.
Hanifan, Elinor
ADE— In this city, March 28. :898. Joseph,
dearly beloved hupband of Paulina Ade. and
father of Joseph Godhard Ade, a native of
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged & ; e*n 9
months and 2 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis.
lET Friends and acquaintances are respeci-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 7:3 ft o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz. S and 10 City Hail
square, thence to St. Boniface Church.
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and l>ea-
venwerth streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at S o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery
BAIXBRIDGE— In tMs city. March 8.1895.
Aspasie Poullault. wife of Colonel E. U-
Bainbridge, U. S. Army.
BLASE— In this city, March 30. 1898, Henry
F dearly beloved husband of M. Caroline
Blase, father of Martin F. and William F.
Blase and brother of Mrs. M. Heller of
Cleveland, Ohio, a native of Bruckhausen,
Hancver. Germany. B#ed 45 years 11 months
and S3 days. A member of Hannoveraner
Vercin. ,
IT-TFriends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4S>5 Fell street, corner of Leguna. in-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
CARROLL— In this city, March 29. IS9B, Emma
M . beloved wife of Judge John A. Carroll,
mother of Willie, Frank, Clinton. J. A. Jr.
and Juliet Carroll, and sister of Mrs. George
A McDonald a«d J. H. and R. E. Burke, a
native of Vallejo, Cal.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, fr.^m her late
residence. ?524 Clay street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church. BUBh and Sterner streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated«for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount calvary
Cemetery-
CERVANTEZ— In this city, March 30, IS9B,
Vldal M., beloved wife of Senor Cervantez.
a native of Mexico, aged 41 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, C 36 Vallejo street, thence to Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. March 23, 18S8.
John Cunningham, a native of Ireland, agea
28 yoars.
(tvTriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McA' : oy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street,
thenca to Rt. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALTON— In this city. March 29, 189 S. Mary,
wife of the late Michael Dalton. mother of
Michael and Richard Dalton, and sister of
Mm. Albert Whiteman. Miss Lizzie Cullen
and the late Mrs. Julia Schenkle, a native of
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 47 years.
ICTThe funeral wlli take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 160 Clinton Park, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Dolores
streets, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EASTWOOD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. March 80, 1898, infant daughter of Har-
riet Eastwood, a native of California, aged
2 months and 14 days.
ENRIGHT— In this city, March 30, 1898, at his
residence, 1131 Howard street. Joseph, be-
loved husband of Fannie G. Enrisht, spn of
the late Patrick and Mary Enripht. nephew
of E P. Enright and Mrs. D. H. Coleman.
and son-in-law of John J. Crooks, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and 6
days. •
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
FLYNN— In this city. March 29. 1898, Bridget
Flynn, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged BS years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. Eliza Corcoran, 2415
Clay street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose ft her pnul. commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FRANCIS— In this city. March 29. IS9B. Ethel.
Infant daughter of Charles T. and Mary H.
Francis, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 21 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1119 Hampshire street. Interment
Hnly Cross Cemetery.
FRELING— In this city, March 28, 1898, Arthur
Frellng, beloved father of Mrs. A. Jarque-
mart, a native of Paris, France, aged 52
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of R. Chartrey, 2323 Jackson street, near
Fillmore. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
ten*. ' '
GOLDSMITH— In this city, March 30. 1898,
Annie L., widow of the late J. Gellet Gold-
smith, mother of Mrs. Abbie J. Hunter, and
sister of Mrs. J. M. Robertson, a native of
Liverpool. England.
HAIGHT— In Oakland.' March 29, 1898, Anna
E., widow of the late H. H. Haight, aged 65
years.  ' .
(C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 • o'clock, at her late residence. 1201
Alice street. Oakland. Interment private.
HANIFAN— In this city, March 2S. 189 S. Elinor
Hanifan, a native of Massachusetts, aged 67
years.
HOHS— In this city, March 28, 1898. John F.
Hohs, a native of Germany, aged 37 years.
|E7"Friend< and acquaintances and members
of Morse Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F. Court
Hubertus No. 15, F. of A., and the Independ-
ent Rifles, are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from Washington Hall, 35 Eddy street, where
funeral services will be held, under the aus-
pices of the Norddeutscher Verein. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street, ■ between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
■ Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUFFMAN— In French Camp. Cal., March 30,
IS9B. " William R.. son of C. H. and Laura
Huffman, a native of California, aged 28
years 2 months and 11 days.
. EyNotlc? of funeral hereafter. ;■.;*■.;.
KIEP— In' this city. March 30. 1898, Marie,
dearly beloved wife of William Kiep. • and
mother of Adolph Kiep, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 52 years 6 months and 23 days.
McDOUGALL— At Sheep Camp, Alaska. March
22. ISSB, Hector, husband of Hattie H. Mo-
Dougall, son of Mrs. Thomas Jackson, and
brother of Mrs. C. A. Hare and George Mc-
Dougall, a native of California, aged 34 years.
(El Dorado papers please copy.)
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at the Masonic
Cemetery. .. ... ..-;.,•;■.; •' / .-.'
MacLAINE— In Oakland. March 30, 1808, Flora
G., widow of the late Hector MacLelne. and
mother of. John Hector and Flora MacLaine,
Mrs. Oscar Hanson. Mrs. Hugh Steel and
Mrs. Alex MacGregor, a native of Argyle-
i shire, - Scotland, aged 61 years 2 months and
17 days. . • *
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1770 Eighth street. West Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MULHERN— In this city, March 29, 1898. at
Golden Gate Park. M. J. Mulhern, beloved
brother of Mrs. P. Owens and Patrick and
James Smith of San Rafael, a native of
Ballyshannon. County Donegal, Ireland, aged
49 years. ■
s |C3 r The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister. Golden. Gate Park. H
street, near Stanyan. thence to St. Raphael's
Church, San Rafael, by 9 o'clock boat (broad-
gauge ferry), where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
'menclng at 10:30 o'clock. Interment San
Rafael. ■ •
NICHOLS— In this city. March 29. 1898, Wil-
liam 8., beloved husband of Elizabeth Nich-
ols, a native of. New York City, aged 68
years 9 months and 10 days. }
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace M.
E. Church, . corner Capp and Twenty-first
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral-car. , . ■ ; .
O'CONNOR— In Oakland, March 29, 1898, Tim-
othy beloved husband of Martha O'Connor,
and father of John, Blanche and Erin O'Con-
nor, a native of Australia, aged 50 years. .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth •
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
train from Third and Townsend streets. ;-,-;
O'KANE— In the City and County Hospital,
March SO. 1598." infant daughter of Mary
O'Kane, a native of California, aged 10 day».
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 29. ISPS. ' Emma Peterson, a native of
California, aged 24. years. . .
BAUTER— In -this city, March 29. IS9S. '> Jules
George John, dearly beloved son of v John
Michael and Mrs. Katie Sauter. and grand-
son of John C. and Ann Sauter and Mr. and
I Mrs. Ranft, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 2 days. ■ . • :
(CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to - attend the . funeral this day ;
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents', 92SVg Vallejo street. Interment
. . I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ... ,
SMITH— In this . city, March 30. 1 1S9S, Wilson
T. Smith, a native of Ohio, -aged 74 years.
(Dcs Molnos. ; lowa, papers please copy.) ■-. .
{CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thfs day ■
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEEN— In this city, March 29, IS9B. Anna,
beloved wife of , Frederick Steen. and mother
of Thomas, ; Louisa and Agnes Steen. a na-
t ive of : Clogheen, County Tipperary, Ireland,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Thursday), at — o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. . r>s3 Railway, avenue, between Seven-
; teenth ' and Eighteenth streets, • off Dolores,
'thence to Mission ' Dolores Church.; Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a requiem high '
masa will be celebrated for : the repose of her
soul, commencing ; at ' — o'clock.: Interment
■ Holy -Cross Cemetery. ■-■. ■•".'.:, -,-..■■
TAYLOR— In ; this city, March 29. 1803. Deede
Margaret, daughter of the late William Sin-
. clair Taylor. : a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 2 months and 3 , days.
• CTFrlends are ■ respectfully ' invited *■ to at-
tend ~ the • funeral ;• services this day (Thurs-
day), at 9:15 o'clock, at St. Luke's Episcopal
' Church. Van ; Ness . avenue and Clay street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.' -y.'
IMcAVOV & GALLAGHER, . 8
FUNERAL mRECTOUS i EMBALMEES I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. • tincoir. Soaaal. ; |
1112
CHILD NOSES
TO BE COUNTED
Board 'of Education Ap
points Sixty Marshals
for That Purpose.
No© Valley Residents Will Not
Get a Schoolhouse for
Quite a While.
A Scarcity of Funds Compels the
Board to Be Very
Eaonomical.
Yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Education was mild in comparison with
the exciting scenes that have been en
acted during its previous sessions. Re
ports were read and adopted without the
least sign of opposition, and things took
on the nature of a lova feast.
The most Important report read was
that which appointed and fixed the com
: > ii sat lon of the census marshals, and it
was adopted unanimously. Chief Census
Marshal and Deputy Census Marshal will
receive v- for their labor, while their
deputies will receive $5 a day. The follow
ing persons were appointed to the posi
tions:
J. M. Phillips, I. Danlelwttz, J. CDonnell.
A K. Nye, J. Devereaux, F. Smith, C. A.
Russell. H. L. Schmitz, W. T. Callundan, E.
L. O'Connor, John Klnsella, Ben Hanlon,
Charles Kelly, T. M. Brown, B. H. Mallatratt,
Joseph Coyle, Samuel Strycker, J. C Tittel,
J. A. Shepston, W. H. Dally, Ed Funcke. P.
Rooney, T. Elias, J. Creagen, J. Mannlx, C.
W. MoPherson, E. L. Foster, James Fogarty,
M. Metzger, R. V. Crosky, P. Burke, J. Mul
rreavy, L. Popper, M\ England, John Slater,
S. J. Gillie, Frank Horan, Michael Farrell. T.
F. Muller, R. Glucker, F. Foley, Arthur F.
Carmody, Joseph Hauser, Daniel Ward, John
Redlcan, J. C. Hughes, George Lacombe, D. J.
Oliver, M. M. Bushway, F. J. Stone. Gua
"VVelners, H. Armer, M. Koppel, J. C. Murry,
I. Graham, L. H. Brandenstein, M. J. Lynch.
A. F. Schleicher, D. J. Cramer.
The report of the elementary committee,
•which Is as follows, was adopted:
Miss Belle Kineaid from the Irving Primary
School to a class in the Grant Primary School;
Miss Alice Weed from the Grant Primary
School to a class in the Washington Grammar
School; Miss E. Houghton from the Washing
ton Grammar School to a class In the Frank
lin Grammar School; Miss Jean A. Dwyer
from the Lafayette School to the fifth grade
at the Irving Primary School: Miss Jessie M.
5-tuart from the Irving Scott School to a class
in the Lafayette School; that Mrs. Anna T.
Spreckels be transferred from the unassigned
list of teachers to a class In the Fail-mount
School; that Miss Etta Honlgsberger be elected
vice-principal of the Agasslz ~rimary School;
that Miss E. McCue of the day school substi
tute class be assigned to a class in the Irving
Scott School as a probationary teacher; that
Miss Emma G. Howard of the Bernal Pri
mary School be assigned to a class in the Co
lumbia School, made vacant by the death of
Miss S. Donnelly; that Miss Emma G. Howard
of the Bernal Primary School be transferred
and assigned to a class in the Columbia
School, made vacant by the death of Miss S.
Donnelly; that Miss M. C. McKinney be trans
ferred from the una?signe-d list of teachers
and assigned to the charge of a class in the
South End School; that Vr.». J. McNtcholl of
the day nchool substitute class be assigned as
probationary teacher to the charge of a first
grade class in the Pacific Heights Grammar
School: that Mrs. F. Bachman of the Franklin
Grammar School be transferred to the unas
signed list of teachers; that Miss A. G. Hage
d m of the unassigned list of teachers be
transferred to the charge of a class in the
Bernal Primary School: that Miss K. A. Mc-
Givern of the Hamilton Evening School be
transferred to the day school unassisrned list
of teachers: that Miss Dora Israel of the day
substitute class b« elected a probationary
teacher and assigned to a class in the Haniil
tnn Evening School.
W. G. Hyde, who was charged by Con
rad Haub with unprofessional conduct,
answered through his attorney, B. S.
Gregory, denying the allegation.
The secretary of the board was in
structed to advertise for sealed bids for
the lease of the Clara-street school lot for
a period of ten years.
Some discussion was had over the re
port of the evening school committee,
which recommended dropping the names
of those teachers who were without
classes owing to the consolidation of the
evening schools from the department.
Dr. Carew thought the proper thing to
do was to place them on the substitute
list without salary, as it would give old
teachers a chance to earn a livelihood.
This course was adopted.
The report of the committee over which
the discussion was had is as follows:
That the high Bchool class in the Hamilton
Evening School be consolidated and W. W.
Damm. teacher of said class, be dropped from
the roll, and that the said Hamilton Evening
High School class be transferred to the Hum
boldt Evening High Bchool.
That the i-iass taught by Miss Kate Humph
rey in the Horace Mann Evening School be
consolidated, and that Miss Kate Humphrey
be transferred to the day school list of teach-
ers.
That the class? in the Humboldt Evening
School taught by C. L. Turner be consolidated,
and that Mr. Turner's name be dropped from
the roll of the department.
That Mrs. S. Wigands class In the Hum
bnidt Evening School be consolidated, and
that Mrs. Wlgand's name be dropped from
the roll of the department.
That the Spanish daaa taught by C. A.
Ruiz be transferred to the Humholdt Evening
Jllgh School, and Mr. Ruiz' name be dropped
from the roll.
That the class taught by W. L.. Hyde In
the Business EveninK P^hnnl be consolidated,
and that Mr. Hyde's name be dropped from the
roll of the department.
That Miss Mary Busteed of the Falrmount
Evening School be transferred to the day
school unassigned list of teachers.
That Miss Ruby McFeely be transferred from
the John Swett Evening School to the unas-
Eigncd list of da"y school teachers.
That Mrs. Asrnes StimmeH he transferred
from the evening school's substitute class as a
probationary teacher, and assigned to the
charge of a class In the John Swett Evening
School.
Leave of absence was granted to R. H.
"U'ebst^r, Mrs. L. Booth, J. F. Banks. Miss
E. Douglass, R. L. Mann and Miss C. B.
Nolan.
The following were elected reg
ular teachers in the department, having
served the term of probation required:
Miss Mary L. Meaney, Jefferson School;
Miss Josephine A. O'Neil, Star King Pri
mary ; Miss Pauline Dworzazek, Bernal
Primary School.
The Committee on Buildings and
Grounds recommended that the property
on The corner of Hoffmann avenue and
Twenty-iifth strec-t be rented for Rchool
purposes, but nfter a great deal of discus
sion It was laid over indefinitely.
This will be a disappointment to the
residents of Xoe Valley, as they are anx
ious to acquire a school house. The board
has- boon asked time and again for an ap
propriation, but without success. At pres
ent the children of that vicinity are scat
tered around the valley in rented rooms:
They f-ven proposed to the board that
they rent a building in order to keep the
children under one roof. Owing to the
Jack of funds the board will continue rent
ing rooms until there is enough money to
build a school house.
AMUSEMENTS.
Skins on fire with torturing, diaflguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Cuticuha Soap, a single application of.
Ccticuka (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a fall dose of Cuticuba Resolvent.
(uticura
Ji MM torougbont the world. Pott™ D. *C. Co«».. Sol*
Prop*., Boston. ■ " How to Cure Torturing Humors,*' ft-**.
DIDVIC C 111 Scalp and Hair PorlDad and Boca'
Pitt I *> dfUfl tWed bjf Cbucebj. Scat.
The secretary was Instructed to notify
the Rae Building and Contract Company
to put more men to work on the construc
tion of the steel trusses on the assembly
hall in the new Mission High School
building.
The following report of the Committee
on Salaries was adopted:
That the sum of $48 90 be given to MIBS Anne
E. Gaviiran for services as first vice-principal
of the Clement Grammar School, said services
having been performed during the months of
September and October. ISS7.
That the salary of the principal of the Chi
nese school be fixed at $115 instead of $110.
That the salary of Mrs. C. Martinex be Hied
at $C 0 per month for additional teaching In
French classes during 1 the hour between 6:30 and
7:31 o'clock p. m. at Humboldt Evening School.
That the salary of the principal of the Hor
ace Mann Evening School be fixed at $90 per
month in accordance with the rules of the de
partment, he having eleven classes.
On motion of Director Waller It was
decided that an appropriate resolution in
remembrance of Mrs. Sarah F. Donnelly,
one of the oldest teachers in the depart
ment, be prepared, and after being signed
by the members of the board and the Su
perintendent of Schools, be forwarded to
her family.
Keducing the Salaries.
Last week the State Commissioners in
Lunacy met in this city and held what
they desired to be called "consultations,"
but the members of the press were ex
cluded. Since t-.eir return to their homes
It is learned that in these consultations
there was some cutting of salaries or the
employes of the State hospitals and
will save about $14,000 to the State. Medi
cal superintendents will set from $3000
to $3500 a year; the assistant physicians
$2000 and the seconu assistants $1300. Sal
aries for the other employes run from $133
a month (the salary of the steward) down
to $30 for assistant dairymen. Head at
tendants get $45 and assistant attendants
get $20 the first year, $o5 the second year
and $40 the third year and thereafter.
Ushers and messengers have been dis
pensed with.
ACE WINNING THE J. F. ULLMAN STAKE.
ENTHUSIASTIC
FOR THE FESTIVAL
Meetings of Masons Yester
day Insure a Suc
cess.
The Committes on Donations En
larged and Active Work
Will Begin.
It now seems clear that the thirty-four
thousand Masonic families of California
intend making the coming Masonic fes
tival a sure success. All hearts are en
listed, all hands are joined in the good
work. The committee of the first import
ance is that on cash donations, a meet
ing: of which was held in the Grand Sec
retary's office at the Temple at 3 o'clock
yesterday. The chairman of the commit
tee, Lippman Sachs, called the meeting
to order. It was shown that the Grand
Master of the State of California had
issued a letter indorsing the work. Two
hundred and sixty acres of fertile land
have been obtained at Decoto and $60,000
is being expended in erecting suitable
buildings as a delightful home for the
widows and orphans of Masons of Cali
fornia. More money is needed, hence the
festival. By unanimous consent Timothy
Hopkins was elected Secretary and Ed
ward Newhall Vice-Chairman.
Lippman Sachs declared that it was the
first time in fifty years that the Masons
had joined together to hold a public
festival In order- to raise money. He said
that this charity was for a good cause
and should meet with the support of all
Masons and the sympathy of every Cal
ifornian. It was thought wise to enlarge
the committee on cash donations in order
that collections may be- made rapidly.
Timothy Hopkins was assigned with
John D. Spreckels to visit the banks. Real
estate men, hotels and restaurants will
see the smiling faces of Wendell Easton
and M. H. de Young. F. W. Van Sicklen
and J. Sussman will call on the mer
chants on the lower part of Market and
Front, streets. Lippman Sachs and Ed
ward Newhall will take Battery and San
some. Jacob Eppinger and Henry J.
Crocker were assigned to the Produce
Exchange. Colin M. Boyd will learn how
generous the Insurance men are. J. K.
C. Hobbs will talk to the lumber men.
Max Goldman is to go on the Stock Ex
change,
A. Sbarboro will consult with the Ital
ians. P. C. Hale, Adolph Roos and Mr.
Kohlberg were assigned to the rental dis
trict. The committee at large, to go to
whomsoever they please, are: Charles E.
Green, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, W. W.
Montague, S. W. Rosenthal and John F
Merrill.
It was intended to send Ed Coleman to
the most difficult places, but when it was
learned that he was one of the first to ex
pend $5000 of his own money for the home
a vote of thanks was tendered him for his
share of the work.
While this meeting was going: on n'earlv
three hundred of the ladles of Scottish
Rite were holding a meeting in St. John's
Hall. Mrs. Henry Cline acted as chair
man. Among the ladies present was Mrs.
Thomas H. Caswell, wife of the highest
Masonic dignitary in the world. As a Ma
son the Hon. Thomas H. Caswell ranks
superior to the Prince of "Wales. He is
the head of the Scottish Rite of the Sout
hern jurisdiction of the United States. From
this jurisdiction have come those of the
known world.
It was decided to fit up a Scottish Rite
booth. All the ladles present were enthu
siastic and promised good support.
The ladies of California Lodge held an
enthusiastic meeting in King Solomon's
Hall at the temple. Mrs. Ernest H. Hill
was chairman. Mrs. George Johnson, wife
of the grand secretary, to whom all Ma
sons turn for knowledge, was present. The
ladies decided to fit up their own booth.
Chairman Charles L. Paton of the exec
utive committee received hundreds of let
ters yesterday from the interior, assur
ing him of donations and a large at
tendance. He was kept at the temple from
early morning till late at night.
The ladies of California Commandery
will meet to-day at 2:30 o'clock, and the
ladies of Fidelity Lodge will meet at »
p. m, ax th& temple.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
THE BACHELOR
LOST A TRICK
Tom Ryan's Ace Defeated
Corrigan's Horse for the
Ullman Stake.
Th© Bay Gelding Negotiated
the Three Miles in
5:28 1-2.
Four Favorites Brought Up In the
Rear — Lord Marmion Out of
Humor.
"With all his ingenuity and his fa
mous ironclad "prep," Ed Corrigan
seems fated never to win one of the big
distance stakes. Yesterday at Ingle
slde the J. F. Ullman stake at three
miles, worth $1900 to the winner, slipped
through the fingers of the Hawthorne
horseman. It was a "handicap and the
Corrigan entry, The Bachelor, carrying
118 pounds, was sent to the post favor-
ite, with Tod Sloan in the saddle. Ace,
weighted with 120, carried the money of
Tom Ryan and his friends, the gelding
closing in the market at 7 to 5. Lin
coln 1" with 115 up, and Sharon Lass, in
at 108, were the only other starter* For
two miles and a half The Bachelor,
swinging along out in front with a wet
sail, had things all his own way, with
Lincoln his closest company. Then I
there was a change. Conley, who had j
been taking matters easy with Ace, cut
loose and the gelding shot to the front,
and reeling off the last quarter as
though it were but the beginning of the
test, won by ten open lengths in S:2SU,
within five seconds of the world's rec- j
ord, held by the Australian horse Port- I
sea. The former Ingleside record was
5:42^i. The Bachelor, with his tongue i
hanging out and his legs wobbling like '
a drunken man-o'-warsman, just man- ,
aged to beat out Lincoln, which finished !
on three legs, a length for the center
piece of the prize.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleside Track-128th day of the
■ Winter Meeting. Wednesday, March 30. 1898. Weather fine.
Track fast.
-CE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse.
795 Native Son 107
795 Sweet Cakes 11l
79S R»in ;l rj P Cuba 110
638 Sir Urian 107
Sl4 P.-in I^aredo 110!
776 Master Buck 110!
776 San Augustine 110
Excursion n>>
735 La Juanita Iffti
73T, Physnlis 107
... Fever-sham IIS!
I 1
3
I 2
\*
8
j
1!
2 2
3 4 ■
. 1 hi
6 1
4 4
- 9*
7 2
9 15
10 3
11
1 2
2 1
3 4
4 1
E h
6 1
7 1
8 1
9 25
' 10 10
II
uray
Irigßott !
Clayton-
Wilson
H. Martin. ...i
Conley I
Hennessy
Thorpe .......
Mclntyre ....
Stufflet ......
Clawson
7-2
6
S-5
15
6
4
4
6
20
40
16
9-2
8
2
f»0
12
10
P-2
S
60
100
10
Time. :43.
Winner. P. Ryan's b. g. by Apaohe-I^ina.
Good start.
Won easily.
OOA SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
SO2 Montgomery, 6 !
(783) Fortunate, 4
563 MWllKht. 4 :
690 Zaniar 11. *
SOS Lone Princess, 4
633 George Miller, a....
... Answer. 4 ',
. . . Potentate, a '.
3
6
4
1
5
2
7
*
1 2
6 10
3 h
5 hi
4 1
2 2 •
7
1 4
4 4
3 hi
6 15
6 4
: 2 3
7
1 2
2 3
3 ft
6 25
6 1
4 4 •
7
1 4*
t 4
3 5
4 2
6 3
6 20
. 7
H. Martin....
Clawson
T! Sloan:
Molntyre ....
Gray
Clayton
Oarland
3
2-5
5-2
5
40
6
100
8
8-5
3
5
12
50
8
300
7
|Con!ey
•Left.
Time, 1:13%. "Winner, W. P. Magrane's eh. g. by Hanover- Blessing,
cept Potentate. Won first three driving.
Good start ex-
821.
THIRD RACE— Three miles; three-year-olds and upward; the J. F. Vllman
stakes; value, $2500.
'eight. St.
804 Ace, 6 1:
810 The Bachelor. C 1
KM Lincoln 11. 4 1
... Sharon Lass, 4 II
4
1
2
■3
3 25
1 4
2 6
4
3 100
1 2*
2 2
4..
3 50
1 2^
2 1
_J
1 2
2 4
3 50
4
1 5
2 2
3 40
4
1 10
2 1
3 15
4
oniey
'. Sloan
[. Martin....
oe Weber
6-6
8-5
3
30
7-5
6-5
4
30
Time. 5:28%.
easing up.
Winner, T. H. Ryan's b. g.
by Fabulous-Punnie.
Good start. Won
COO FOURTH RACE— Selling steeplechase; full course; four-year-olds and' upward;
O^*^-<» . purse. $400.
:. Horses.
(694) Captain Rees, 6 —
r.T^ Esperanee, a
CM Huntsman, a
... Eureka, a !
SO3 Sky Blue, 5 :
2
1
5
4
2
3 2 15
4 3
1 h 2 10
2 4 ••
2 2
3
1 2
i r
2
1 1
2
1.1%
I
lesion
•ers
Konna
1-3 1-3
4 7
6 S
15 20
15 15
Ims
ence
• Ran out. •• Fell.
Time, 0:01. Winner, E. Corrlgan's eh. g. by Rosslngton-Ada Rees
easily.
Good start.
Won
QOO . FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four- year-olds and upward-
O-^O* purse, $-f,O. •■ ...-•■,. . " . .; "
Index.
it.
774 Paul Pry, 6 ..1
7'.W Lena, 4 V
799 William 08, 6....1:
796 Donation, 5 1'
7S!G Queen Safle, 4 1(
799 Atticus. 4 U
807 Alvln E. 4 1<
720 Imp. Devil's Dm. 4..X
774 Paul Pry. 6 ......112 4. 2 M 2 1 21 12 1 % 1 6 H Martin I 5-2 3
TM Lena. 4 .....109 6 4 % 4 2 3 2 2 1." 2 2 2 2 Clayton 5 7
799 : William 08, 6... .112] 2 3h 34 *hi 4%:: 3 h 3h ■ Narvaez" : 20 50
796 Donation, 5.... 100 3 6h .6 h 614 S % 42 44 T Sloan 4-5 4^5
73G Queen Sane, 4.. ....103 1 710 5h 715 C 2 , 6 '<, 514 Arav * " 20 40
799 Aitious. 4 ......109 5. 5^:710 52 715 7 8 6 2 ' Shields" 40 20
807 Alvin E. 4.. ....... 105 7 1% 11 11 . 32 • 6h 75 Clawson"""" 20 40
720 Imp. Devil's Dm, 4.106 8 8 . 8 8. . 8 8 % ° conTey *-:".'.'.'. ■ 8 6
Time, 1:48%. Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. h. by Imp: Sir Modred-Gypsy. Good start Won
first three driving. •* • . ; - '■ . •-.•-.■ • ■ "™ .
8
2
3
1
7
8
' 2 hi
4 '/, ?,
3 h
6 h
. 7 10
5 «*
I*
2 1.
-42.
3 4
6 h
5 h
7 10
1 1
.8
. 2 1
3 2
* %
6 Vi ■
7 15
6 2
11-
8 . ■
12 1 %
2 1, 2 2
««: 3 h
•6 3 4 2
C -1 6 14
7 15 7 8
3 2 • 6 h
8 8
16
2 2
I h
.44
If
6 2
7 5
$■ ■■
H. Martin....
:Cl«yton ........
Narvaez "......'
T. Sloan
Gray-.
CttUU. , '- - • ■
Shields
Clawson
Conley
Oft^ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three- year-olds; purse. $400.
Jockeys.
—
778 Glorian lO'.v
RO6 Krt Gartland II 9S
7X7 Daily Racing Form. 90
(778) Lord Marmion 117
775 Floronso 90
778 Glorian ..... ....109 4 ... 4 3 4 5 2h l n IClavtor. » •>
806 Ed Gartland 11..... M 1 ' ... 114;^12 ; lh ■2 3 SI""" I in
757 Daily Racing Form. 90 2 " ... 2n 2h - 3V. 33 Gray '"' 15 ■. «■
778) Lord Marmion 117.3 , ... 3 2 .31 4 3 4 2 t™ ?ln^"'"" 4? 0 Tn -
775 Floronso 90 6 ... 6 C 5 8 ' £ wSSto".::: *tt ""a
. -Time, l : i<vi tone J'*'s r -i B.^ ** Bain * a . * CO/B br. °- by imp. sir Modr^Giorlaa^ Good
•tart. .Won first tore, artyta,.-, . _ wr Moai*WHorl«* . Goo«
4 3
2 n
3 2
6
4 C
1 2
2 h
3 1
J5
2 h
1 h
3 %
B 4 3
•■ 8- ■•'■
1 n
2 3
3 3
4 2
I
[on
ityre ....
loan;-..:..!
*00<J5.....
It was another disastrous day for fa
vorites, Montgomery and Captan Rees
proving the only successful ones. Sloan
was again unable to land a winner.
Reina de Cuba seemp to be possessed
of a streak of yellow three leagues in
length. The Emperor of Norfolk filly
was sent to the post favorite for the
opening two-year-old scramble, and
quit like a dog when pressed. Native
Son, a 5 to 1 chance, ridden by Gray,
won easily from Sweet Cakes.
A select gathering of speed lined up
in the six-furlong run that followed,
with Montgomery ruling favorite at
odds of Bto 5. Magrane's horse made
all the running and won hard ridden
from Fortunate in 1:13%. Midlight, Tod
Sloan's mount, was a fair third.
The lon^ course steeplechase was a
farce. The Corrigan entry, Captain
Rees, was a 1 to 3 favorite* and won
at leisure. Esperance fenced well,
taking the place. McKenna on Hunts
man ran off the course once, eventually
finishing third. Eureka and Sky Blue,
two "crabs," should have remained at
home, both tumbling early.
Tod Sloan had the mount on Dona
tion in the mile and a sixteenth, and
the horse ran as though he had feasted
on bakery doughnuts that failed to di
gest, for he finished fourth, behind Paul
Pry, Lena, and the 5 to 1 shot, William
08. "Skeets" Martin on Paul Pry,
second choice, laid away second to Al
vin E to" the stretch, where he took
the lead, winning off from Lena.
Lord Marmion ruled a 9 to 10 favorite
for the six-furlong handicap, and show
ed beyond doubt that he is a coward.
Rated in third place behind Ed Gart
land and Daily Racing Form until
nearing the bend for home, he "dogged"
it badly when asked to respond, land
ing beyond the money. In a hard' drive
Clayton astride Glorlan led Ed Gart
land over the line a neck In 1:14 flat
TRACK ITEMS.
Mike Hennessy signed a contract with Ed
Tlpton yesterday to pilot the horses of Marcus
Daly on the Montana circuit this coming
season. Mike Is a hustling rider, ar.d on good
mounts can put up a ride with the best of
them.
Joe Plggott made his reappearance in the
saddle on Garnet Ferguson's filly Sweet Cakes
In the two-year-old event, riding with his old
time dash and determination. He was warmly
welcomed.
Some one. it was rumored, put In a claim
for Fortunate, but waited Just a trifle too long,
the fifteen minutes allowed by the clause hav
ing elapsed.
On Saturday last Montgomery was an an
nounced starter in the sprint won by Trolley.
The chestnut horse opened at 4, receded to 10,
and when the barrier was released refused to
break. Yesterday he was touted over the town,
and after being played from threes down to 8
to 5, broke away as though gpttlng left was
not In his line. Wise horse, that one.
Report had Potentate working very fast in
his morning trials, and though he had been on
the shelf for a long time there was a strong
play on him early in the betting, cutting the
price from 10 to 6. Conley handled him at the
' ooooooooooooooooooooooopoooooooooooooooooooooooooooopooo
■ S -^RS^PS/B To-d.y Is the ,as. day of March-Out .en O
O Ji&^tk W \ ■ but everything shall bo as advertised— DEClDEDLY. NbW. 0
° ©^Wl See our windows See our windows . See our windows. g
% for New Laces< for New> Dress Goods. for New Millinery, g
1 JW " '■*■ I Dress Goods and Siiks^eT Nnw nnRTi under the o
g f|| I Dress Go^i and Sllks> ' New direction of Miss M. °
: o ooooooodoooooooooooooooooo J A^ 8a o ! f e 'F^ c ri^ ! Mi'liffiprv Ruaii, late of Lavate, %
§ I ie^eS ln SioSr X i 23?' -f^w,^^^ : Millinery Bretl '. & Co., Ne^ o
o o OU can^ee an rno n w^f y^u s rVrk " |S5 n?nt • Yorki we have now ©
Oo wish— lt's typical of progress— O shades just in. IJCIH. 0 11 BXllillitlOn IlOt Onlß °
o share our pride with us. for your o Yard 7So. T Ull CAlllUl UUII 11UI Ulll y Q
O ° patronage has caused- this annex; O' • . cnmo nf thP nnDirp *v
rt o we expect to be able to serve you o PL* ID One case Just in Fancy OUillC. Ul me uiiu.uu go
** o better than ever. - * O j>II,K.. . Jacquard Plaid Silks, 19 . nnlrHnal fTPatinfK n
O o - - . .■ . o inches wide, 4-tone color OllUlilai LlCUllUllO VJ
" 00000000000000000000000000 . combination in Easter r-nnm curb PflTKlfin O
O and spring shades. • IPOm SUCn rariMail "
o Spring Dainties and _ Yard 7Sc - milliners as Linn, q
o Easter Delicacies in FANCY Fancy Pointed "Worsted I . Faulkner & Josse- o
q CaSier lieilCaClSS -ID SUITINGS. Suitings — new blues. :.-,.,. ralllAilCl <X JUOOP O
_ t n> iL e*i greens, castors, clarets, enrna 'nf thp liP^t Q
o Laces, Ribbons, Gloves. ■& inches. wide. claretSl some of me fiest «
o — yard +sc. . - thoughts of foreign "
O NET 200 spachtel net squares. < " , j__™ v._. >innn
_ SQUARES heavily embroidered with ; CLOAK DEPARTMENT. leadeTS liaVe Deen O
© s^'An Easter"^ JACKETS. Ladies^medlum^tan ejjj translate! DIJ SklllfUl O
O Cli^_ qgoq o i lined fly front, coat back. ; hands and are now °
*T S>Sc. I sizes 34 to 40— one of the 11a11U.3 QllU QIC HUM q
© SCARFS. Also scarfs of the urn.! special offerings of our fOP ■ thB fIPSt time On «
SCARFS. Also scarfs of the samo enlarged cloak depart- lUi lliC 1110 l lliilC Ull Q
O material, 20x54 inches..,; : - ment S#QO# YleWl We Can HllP" O
Q i>t«c. VlcWi YV v bull 11111 O
!O DOYLIES. • Tambour doylies. 6x6. I SKIRTS. Ladies' black figured al- POF In OUT StUleS ttlOSe
If\ both round and square— ! paca skirts, bound seams. nnovaiUnrr in Pr)T»1«I - U
** very open and pretty de- I and lined throughout. A PlcVUlllllU 111 1 Ul lO} q
° signs— we know them to I seasonable offering at a » London or Vienna. o
~ oe usually sold at lye. most reasonable figure. LUllliUll Ul V IGlillUi £>
6 -Our price. , ei.aSß-oh. We Will ShOW UOU O
O RIBBONS. W,"^lay to-day in our DOMESTICS. StUleS SUggeStlYC Of °
O "' windows part of the i TABLE 75 pure white pattern fHo VWTTI rontllTll
n • • 12,000-yard purchase of j CLOTHS. Damask table cloths, all UIC AVlll Lcillliiy O
.W fancy. Satin and Gros linen, border all round. . ■ iv, a hoaim effort nf «
Q Grain, Plain and Moire i SDeclal-SI.2S Each. l " HcaVU CUCUL Ul O
_ FOR Taffetas— we have said 1 ~. . . +VincQ rlanc tmirhoii fi
O THE NECK, in every advertisement i MUSLIN. 20 pieces Wamsutta mus- " inOSC UayS IUUbiItJU "
O for a week past that rib- ] lln> extra heavy weight: . with HfTritPl 1 fanril tn O
\r\ bons are one of Fashion's a fine close-woven fabric Wllll llylllcl lUllUy IU _
« commands this season. 86 inches wide. very . . nriant thpm tn thp °
Q The Fancy Ribbons are durable ,:. - .;^:- - ■ QuuPl lllclll IU lliC o
o ?h! sash. aS.y 11 : yard. present dau vogue; o
© - G^o U - Grain, plain and j V UNDERWEAR. '. DUt UeaUtlfUl QS QO
% THE tk o ufc e ou^r e sTora a Juf, SKIRTS. 6 dozen Ladle,; White garden mau he, It's °
O RUFFLE. patep at ee these qu,ck-sell- ; far . m(jp g lntereStlnff ©
jo & '•'"Si* \l:::lt ' bo speca.- 69c6 9c to walk therein and £
O BONNET No. 9... No. ...12c ' special OS*c. _>,„,, *t t HJ
1 O So" SO ilclxo- 100-"' 25c GOWNS. lo^ozen Ladles" Gown,. SCC— reading BhOUt It O
j globes The^^'ldes ' XSSS so^ y h l a r . Is tame. Therefore, o
o GLOV *' S iri^il^H anrv-sU^ecL", IS madame, come-look o
!° -°"cry" cry or lace trim- . enjog. Reception dan O
; " the "just in" styles. Speclal-69c. -IS— tO-da^i O
I© MALE'S EIGHT SPECIALS. ©
; O irtfV) <inT»n 'White Basttnc Cotton. Dozen Satin Gored Belt Hose Supporter— frilled Same Griddle, but 10-inch, top and bottom ©
m Vnnols elastic and button clasp— blue, pink, yel- covered; better made, of course. O
O spools, <-.;'.'>.• low and red. Per pair, • 1 c q
n 600 papers Hairpins. Per package. . . 23^c. 600 6-inch Woo Dusters, assorted covers. O
'*' * __ W^l til C3LSP,
O .. {. ' _* Asbestos Griddle, 9 inch, with Alaska han- IOc ' , I?
: O Asbestos Griddle. 9 Inch, with "ever cool" dle^top covered with heavy tin. It's a 750 I(Mnch Turkey Dusters, full count- SJ
rt handle; just the thing for toast, wear- article, • quick seUerg( O
o SlOec ' lOc - ;■: | s«=- o
i n Country orders especially solicited— write per return, as advertised goods sell quickly: our new Ultßtrated catalogue Is free to O
1 any one who sends us their address on a postal (that Is, any one in the country, understand); samples of Easter and spring dress -
' O goods free also. _-^_-^-^ .^.^-^^-^-^^^ . ~~^ _-~-^^-^ jf
!O. 937-939-941-943.945-947 I^[A.K,ICHiT STREET. <i $?
O ■•■" - -:.--- '■"••- < O
000000000000000000 OO 0000000000000000 OO 000000000000000000
post like a cobbler would winding up by get
ting left at the post. His fast trials still
St tn d X^ay thrown on Donation might have
shown two or three feed bills an oil can or
two. several iron hoops, a couple of lead pads
a. chunk of quartz from the Klondike and a.
volume of bookmakers' advice resting peace
fully in the undisturbed stomach of the chest
nut horw. On Friday last he was coming very
-last at the termination of a mile run. in which
he went the overland route, but yesterday he
was "all out" early In the game. After open
ing up at 4 to 5, even money was offered going
to the Post, and it looked possible to beta
million dollars at that price W hen Sloan
began urging him on the backstretch he re
sponded by dropping back.
• -Daggle" Smith is either lucky or else a
good trainer. Paul Pry started for the first
time in his colors and won like a good one.
Young Mclntyre. who is now doing Dan
Honlg's riding, shows to good advantage on
nearly all of his mounts. Ed Gartland showed
remarkable gameness under his handling.
Sharon Laps did not' make such a poor show
ing in the stake race as many would believe.
The last mile covered by the mare was a
spanking good one, and, rated to better ad
vantage, she might have carved oft a piece of
the coin.
Ace pulled up bleeding slightly, not an un
common occurrence with the gelding.
The Judges at Ingleside have ordered Her
moso and Hohenzollem. claimed out of selling
races on Monday by Sid Reagan, returned to
their respective owners. As before stated, in
quiry showed that Reagan had been hard
pressed for coin a few days prior to his claim
ing the horses named, and the supposition is
he was merely an agent for some one who
si pught shelter "in the background. W. H. TUn
mons denies having any monetary interest in
the matter, but it Is evident the officials cast
some doubt on this assertion. It is a strange
coincidence that two stalls were prepared at
the Oakland track for the horses' reception
next door to some horses owned by Mr. Ttm
mons.
There will be quite an Influx of trotters and
runners Denver way early In May to take part
in the big meeting to be held in the Colorado
metropolis In June. Tommy Keating will start
with the pacing wonders Searchlight and Ana
conda, besides Dlone and a couple of green
ones, supposed to lip oil from the can. In the
same car Andy McDowell will ship the gray
trotter Parlyle Came and the crack "wiggler"
I/«>na N. B. <*>. Van Bokkelen wilj follow a
few days latter with the San Mateo Stock
Farm string. Denver shipping rates can be
learned from Auctioneer George Common.
Following are to-day's entries:
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Fimt Race— Three-quarters of a mile; maiden
three-year-olds.
768 Scintillate 117 *17 Nllhau 117
794 Aprona 117 754 Oahu 117
782 Toribio 114 758 Erolca 117
629 Forest Guard ...314 ... Nora Richards.. 107
7D9 Notice Me 107 794 Hohenlohe 122
782 Defiant 119 ... Arbasis 112
... Bitter Root 112 782 Bonlta R 107
«74 Joe I*vy 114 782 Ockturuk 109
782 Savanosola .....107 ... Gottlelb 103
Second Race — Seven furlongs; selling.
807 McFarlane 105 754 Rapido 105
729 Gold Bug 105 7t<fi Zaraida 100
770 Tim Murphy ...112 783 Break o' Day. ..104
664 Cavallo 105 793 Sir Dilke 108
807 Lucky Star 108 799 Don Fulano ....115
729 Pleasanton 104 SO7 Florimel W0
791 Claudius 11. Sl6 Salisbury II 10S
763 Major Cook ....112
Third Race— One mile; gentlemen riders.
788 Silver Knight ..145 781 Sonlro 145
Mr. Sink. • Mr. Hume.
(803) Our Climate 149 796 Metalre 149
Mr. Haynes. Mr. Walter. •
... Tartar 145 799 William 015....162
Mr. Gamage. Mr. Dunphy.
793 Zarro 149 815 Don Clarenclo...l4B
Mr. Hobart. . Mr. Skinner.
796 Torpedo 146 1
Mr. Forsland. I
Fourth Race— Five-eighths of a mile; selling;
two-year-olds.
809 Ollnthus 108! (801)Prtmavera 105
711 Santello 1081 809 Milt Young 113
785 Formero 113) ... Panimlnt IIS
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; sell-
Ing.
(787) Dr. Marks 89 811 Duke York 11.. 96
KB Mamie G 10(5 761 Moringa 89
726 Red Glenn 107 812 Melv. Burnham. 94
770 Daylight 110 <799)Veragua 107
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; allow
ances.
800 O'Connell 1131 792 St. Calatlne 92
777 The Plutocrat ..1131 746 Baracan 92
792 Cabrllla Ill j 812 San Venado .... 97
817 Rosormonde 92 1
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Torlblo, Bitter Root, Savanosola.
Second Race— Sir Dllke, Major Cook, Tim
Murphy.
Third Race— Don Clarencio, William 08, Our
Climate.
Fourth Race— Formero, Primavera, Milt
Young;.
Fifth Raca— Dr. Marks, Veragua, Morin^a
Sixth Race— San Venado, St. Calatine O'Con
nell.
Frea, 1 month* treatment. New cure. Female
ilia, cured to stay cured. Dr. Oordla'i, BllPiae.
FOUND HER IN
AN ASYLUM
A Search, of Two Decades
Rewarded at Stock
ton.
J. M. Leland Discovers His
Long-Lost Wife Among
tho Insane.
Though She Errod, Ho Loves Her
Still, and Says She Is Not
Demented.
After a search of twenty-two years for
an erring wife, J. M. Leland of this city
has found the girl whom he married in
Philadelphia in 1569 in the Stockton In
sane Asylum.
"She is not Insane," said the happy
discoverer of his long-lost companion last
night, "and I. shall soon have her out. . I
have searched for her ever since 1576.
That year she ran away with another
man. Though she is old and infirm, she
is still my legal wife. Frank Snook of
Oakland is her guardian, but that will
soon be changed. The woman has been
robbed and railroaded, and I propose to
see the thing through if the courts have
any power. She has a great deal >of
property."
The woman is In the asylum under the
name of Mrs. Clara Harrison, which
name she took after she left her husband.
She has about $50,000 worth of property in
Oakland and about an equal amount "in
cash, . according to Ned Foster, who is
making an active fight with her husband
to liberate her from the asylum. The
two, accompanied -by Attorney Joseph
Hawkins, and following the advice of B.
K. Collier, senior counsel in the case
spent yesterday in Oakland, where they
made an Investigation of the woman's af
fairs. ■ ..
"I charge that a t>and of Oaklanders
and some San Franciscans got the woman
drunk in October, 1897," said her husband
last night, "and, after robbing her of her
diamonds and whatever they could get
ho.vi of, they railroaded her to the
asylum. I called, on her lately. She knew
me ,at once, after more than twenty-one
years' separation, and Is. perfectly willing
to return to me. The doctors will let her
out if I will care for her, and I shall do so
gladly, for I believe in the saying of
Shakespeare, ...at 'love is i not love that
alters when it alteration finds.' I shall be
only too glad to relieve Mr. Snook of the
guardianship of her property and to do
all in my power to make the remaining
years of her life happy." , g
Inquiries iat the Stockton asylum last
night developed the fact that the author
ities have decided to make a thorough in
vestigation of. the case before they re
lease M ,£\ Harrison. In answer to the
charge that the woman was railroaded to
the asylum Dr. Sanderson said" "The
woman s mania is . pronounced a"nd the
asylum is the only place for her She
appeals to us to save - her from beinc
murdered and to others she callsTherself
•Queen of the Masons",' <so that there is
no n rtoubt here as to her condition." **
Dr. Clarke says he will not release th*
woman save on legal proceedings or on
W i n § S hat - the w «nian will be prop"
erly cared for in a private asylum H>
says there have been claW that he?
mail is tampered with, but such charp«
are pronounced ridiculous • charges
, Attorney Hawkins said last night • "We
still contend that the woman Is not in
sane, S but only addicted to drinking no
excess, her shall V ♦?"* make an -effort
Proceedings "0" 0 " 1 ° f : the aaylum on le * al
Beer Trial.
t-^i , 7 friends - are cordially ,■ Invited- to ; at
harf «°pSi * i ri 0 ' ■ the celebrated t ."Weln-
I Three
Saving
I Days I
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY*
Our constant effort is toward executing order*
with promptness and understanding: and to sell
such a reliable lot of goods at such low prices
• that grocery buying with us will be, pleasur-
able and money saving. A few "saving days"
specials below:
PRUNES, per Ib ....4c
A lot of choice California French Prunes. .
Regular price. 6c a lb. - ■.-*.-
ALMONDS, per Ib, 10c
Fancy papershell. .
Regular price, 15c.
McBRAYER WHISKY, qt. bot. . .\ . . We
Bottled In bond under supervision of United
States Government. "■->.'
Regular price, $1 25.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, bar 25c
The genuine Imported.
■ Regular price, 30c.
SALMON BELLIES, each. . .5c and 10c
Of the new catch, . very choice.
Regular price, 10c and 15c.
PORT WINE.... bot. 35c, 3 bots. $1.00
Very fine old California-
Recommended for medicinal use.
Regular price, Me.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.
Near Market. • Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. | Telephone West 152.
000000000000000000
~ Cash or Little-at-a-Time Payments. *•
O o
° . . , , o
0 A Mahogany-Roman Chair, with O
i X tufted silk-finished seat at Noonan s O
° next week -«t> 1» 75 °
£ A carload of Chairs just unpacked- «
|J dozens of styles-*"^ v re welcome O
ST'NOONAN, o
° 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET, O
'■ 6 516 to 522 MINNA STREET, O
! O ABOVE SIXTH. . O
os » • ' bSJm* %
QQO£O oooooooeooo
1 V"vv| I k «JQiiyß3 ■ I hda ri jrf 1 1 fly %
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
638 Hot^^Telepl^M Rfc- R«adMO« m
y»leacU «tw«U Itlej*»a* "diujrcto'MfcTHE METROPOLIS OF NEVADA
RENO, March 29.— 1f all you know of :
Nevada has been learned from a car
■window-. It will surprise you to hear of :
the beauty and productiveness of the
Truckee Valley, in whose heart the city j
of Reno is located. Reno, in winter |
time, with the broad valley snugly en
circled by the Bnow-topped mountains,
with the lovely Truckoe River rushing
through on the way down from its
mountain source, and the exhilarating
Nevada air like a tonic to challenge
every drop of blood in one's veins,
might pose as the type at an ideal win
ter town. And Reno in summer, when
the valley smiles— lt smiles in alfalfa—
and the town is embowered in trees and
flowers, and the beautiful mountains
grow dim and hazy in the warm dis
tance, and the Truckee murmurs quietly
and Bleepily, is the most charming of
summer residences.
Reno's growth as a health and pleas
ure resort is the natural consequence of
the unusual combination of attractions
the fortunate city possesses. It is but
fourteen hours' ride from San Fran
cisco. It lies in a valley, but an ele
vated valley, where one may benefit by
the proximity of the mountains. Best
of all, it is situated in Nevada, and
•when a valley city possesses a Ne
vadan climate — the healthiest, the most
inspiring in the world — and a fertility
supposed to be exclusively CaJifornian,
she may well be inclined to throw a
golden goblet into the sea to placate
the Jealous gods.
Reno's golden goblet is her right to
fair treatment by the Central Pacific.
The fact that the goblet was not
thrown voluntarily isevidently unknown
to the aforesaid jealous gods, who, be
ing pagan and easily cheated, no doubt
suppose Coilis P. Huntington to be the
agent of Reno in the matter. At all
events that their natural resentment is
Btified is evidenced by Reno's accumu
lating wealth, by the growth of her
fame as a coming great city, by the
contentment of her people and their
trust in her future.
"We made a mistake thirty years
ago," said one of the foremost men in
Reno, "when we insisted upon being
known as producers of silver alone.
People have learned to think of Ne
vada as the place where silver was once
produced and sagebrush is now the sta
ple article. Since the depreciation in
silver Nevada has turned her attention
to the development of her other re
sources. Within a few years we have
made such advances in the develop
ment of our State's resources that we
might more properly be called a cattle
State, or a sheep State, or a dairy
State, or a farming State than a silver
State. And, of course, Reno is our nat
ural metropolis."
* • •
The City of Reno was incorporated
by a special act of the Legislature of
the State of Nevada, approved March
8, 1597. It is the largest city on the line
of the Central Pacific Railroad between
Sacramento, California, and Ogden,
Utah, has had a steady and continu
ous growth ever since its inception and
is situated in the midst of the richest
agricultural and stock raising country
between the Sierra Nevada and the
Rocky Mountains. Its resources are
agricultural and pastoral rather than
those of mim-s. It is the terminus of
the V. and T. R. R.. extending south
with its connection 350 miles, and also
of the N. C. and O. R. R., extending
north eighty miles. It is the seat of
the State University, of the State Hos-
pital for Mental Diseases, and of the
f>t«e« A«ricuitiira! Porf^ty. At the gen
eral election of I*s*6 it cast 1300 vot^s
and its present estimated population is
6500. Its assessed valuation in the
year 1597 was the sum of $1. 745,890
which was upon a low and very con
servative basis of valuation. Its total
bonded Indebtedness from all sources
is $45,000. The total rate of taxation
in the year 1897 for State, county and
purposes was $2 87 on each one
mk : undred dollars valuation.
One of the best indications of the
city's prosperity is in its determination
to have a municipal ownership of light
ing facilities and water supply. The
electors of Reno by a vote of four to
one voted in favor of bonding the city
In the sum of $130,000 for water works
and $20,000 for an electric light plant.
The constitutionality of the incorpora
tion act has been sustained by the Su
preme Court, and the City Council is
now advertising for bids for Reno's
bonds. In about ten days the time f'.r
the receipt of bids will expire, and th*
City Council is confident of the success
of Reno's first great municipal under
taking.
"It is only a beginning." said the
president of the City Council, "a foun
dation. Other things will be attempt
ed later. But it is of the first imi
tance that a city should own its own
utilities, should be free to give the
best and the cheapest water and light
to its people. Reno is improving ev~ry
day. The best si£?n of that improve
ment is in the attention she gives to
the public health by providing a sup
ply of pure water, and to our people's
comfort and safety in arranging for
proper-aightiner. Situated as Reno X
with the purest mountain water so c!<>?<»
at hand, ar.d with thousands of horse
power going to waste in the energy of
the Truckee. our water and lierht plant*
eh6u!d be the finest in the West. Am
that we hope to make them. We shall
get our water from the Truckee fur- j
ther up than the present water com
pany does. It will be filtered ar;<l
piped to town. There will be no oy^i-.
ditch to catch the seepage from the j
HOFF BECOMES
BADLY TANGLED
The Alleged Slayer of
Mrs. Clute Again on
the Stand.
Flat". y Contradicts Several State
ments He Had Previously
Made.
Otto Heyneman Positively Denies
That De»otive Seymour Tried to
In-im:date the Defendant.
Albert Hoff v.-as on the witness stand
i again yesterday, during the greater part
of the day, undergoing a rigid cross-ex
amination by Assistant District Attorney
Hosmer. The alleged murderer of Mrs.
Clute was less agitated than ■". he was
Tuesday, and devoted his energies to
[ avoiding the traps deftly ' prepared \ for.
Mm by the prosecutor. Several : - times
h» floundered Into a pitfall" and two or
three tim-s flatly contradicted his pre
vious testimony. >
During the afternoon, while recounting
the Indignities he charged Detective Sey
mour with heaping upon him, Hoff. be
• came somewhat dramatia when, again
hills and no unfenced reservoir. Four
fifths of the people in Reno are in fa
vor of municipal ownership. You can
stop one man, but you can't stop the
people. Reno has done the cleverest,
the most practical and the most far
reaching act of her political life, and
she will feel the benefit of it for years
to come."
• • •
The largest : heep owner in Nevada
values the 40,000 sheep he possesses at
a quarter of a million dollars. He is
enthusiastic over the prospects of Ne
vada in general and of P.eno in par
ticular.
"People do not realize," said he, "the
proportions that the sheep industry has
assumed here. Three years ago we
shipped from Reno 30,000 sheep to Chi
cago. The following year we shipped
60,000. And last year 100,000. Dealers
there were not anxious to buy of us at
first. They gave us only $1 25 a head
for our lambs. Now they give us $2 50
a head, and are glad to do business
with us. We get the very best prices
for Nevada lambs that are paid by
such firms as Clay, Robinson & Co. of
Chicago and by others in Kansas City
VIEW OF THE CITY OF RENO, LOOKING NORTHWEST.
and Omaha. Why? Simply because
Nevada mutton is better than any
raised anywhere cisc in the United
States. Our lambs are fatter because
the conditions make Nevada the btst
possible sheep-raising country. Many
of the cattle men here are quitting the
cattle business to invest in sheep. Tou
see Nevada is an ideal country for the
sheep man. The browse here can't be
equaled. We never suffer from drought.
When the winter comes the sheep come
down from the mountains anrt
feed on the deserts here. Why.
last winter we lost not 2 per cent of our
sheep. As to the wool, Nevada pro
duces wool that is particularly fine in
quality. The shrinkage is great, but
the 5.250,000 pounds of wool sent out of
Reno yearly are of a quality that is un
excelled. Three years ago we shipped
3000 sheep as far as Glasgow; shipped
them alive and the.y arrived in good
condition and were sold at top prices.
Nevada men will not accept anything
but top prices. And why should" they?
They are so situated, the climate of Ne
vada is such, its natural advantages as
a sheep-raising country are so great
that the Nevada sheep-raiser is in a
position to dictate terms — to all except
the railroad. You see Nevada is still
groaning under the discrimination
describing how the officer had shoved the
coupling pin into his face and used vile
! language to him. The defendant was
; asked by Mr. Hosmer to show the jury
: just how Seymour acted, and grasping
. the murderous weapon flourished it about
1 in much the same manner as he did the
j previous day in his direct examination.
The District Attorney, during the morn
! ing. had Hoff retell the incidents that oc
j curred at the Clute residence, 803 Guer
rero street, while he was there on the
day the murder was committed. Hoff said
that when he went up stairs Mrs. Clute
j apologized for disappointing him. but
said the confusion of moving had inter
fered with her settled plans. He was
questioned about the man he saw putting
down some matting and whom, he testi
fied Tuesday, he had left in the house.
Yr-ste relay Hoff contradicted himself and
. the man went down stairs.
To all of Hosmer's attempts to get him
to say whether the man returned to the
house. Hoff evaded a direct reply. Finally
the District Attorney asked:
"Are you willing to swear that the man
you saw go down stairs came back again
while you were there?"
"I am willing to swear to the truth."
"Answer my question. Are you willing
i to swear to that?"
"I am not."
That was the first flat contradiction of
his own testimony. Hoff then entertained
the jury by illustrating how he received
the cut on his hand, claiming it was
i caused by a tack in a carpet. Hosmer
I next asked him if he had ever stated to
i the Chief of Police that when he reached
| the house he found a short, thick set man
j tnere, who was evidently Mrs. Clute's
i guest.
"I never made such a statement," Hoff
declared with emphasis. Later on he de
1 nied having told the Chfef that the man
i he found laying: matting in one of the
» rooms left the house before he did. The
i shorthand potes taken by Otto Heyne-
I man. the Chief's stenographer, show that
: Hoff did make both statements.
From that time until the noon recess
i and for a considerable time during the
1 afternoon Hosmer plieu the defendant
• with questions about the treatment he
had received from Detective Seymour
during their visit to the scene of the
murder the following day. Hoff unhesi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 81, 1898.
' against us. Still within the last three
i years freight charges on sheep have
been reduced 50 per cent, so that the
sheep men are making money and other
j trades feel the effect of course.
"We need a lar°-e market. Only one
| fifth of our sheep are sent to San Fran
, Cisco. A little village of 300,000 people,
i like San Francisco, is too small to ab
! sorb the products of so great an in
dustry as has developed in Nevada.
There are 700,000 sheep on the hills of
Nevada to-day. The nutritious grasses
which our soil produces are capable of
feeding two and a half millions of
sheep.
"Reno owes her present prosperity —
and she will be still more benefited in
the future — to the fact that she is so
situated as to be the point from which
all shipping will be done.
"But the time will come when the
banks of the Truckee will be lined
with woolen mills. The only reason
that has not been done already is on
account of railroad rates. We made
arrangements with the railroads to re
duce the rate on wool from Reno to
Philadelphia from $2 B0 a hundred to
$1 50. The rates lasted just twenty-
four hours. The commission mer
chants of San Francisco wouldn't have
it. They want all our wool to be
shipped via San Francisco. So now
if we ship wool direct to Philadelphia
we pay $2 50 a hundred; if we send it
to San Francisco and from there to
Philadelphia it costs us $1 80.
"We arranged to have a scouring
mill, but we were informed that if by
scourins the wool we reduced its bulk
about two-thirds, the railroad would
maintain its profits by increasing the
rates COO per cent. We can send a
carload of potatoes for $27 50. If that
same car be filled with scoured wool
we must pay 3 cents a pound. But this
state of affairs will not, cannot last.
And that despite such discrimination
Nevada's sheep men are so prosperous
and the city of Reno is doing so much
business are the best evidences in the
world of the great resources of a State
that was supposed to be bankrupt when
its mines gave out.
"The sheep business is paying splend
idly, and as every lamb that's sold,
every sheep that's sheared pays its tax
in money spent or men employed in
Reno, the future of the city which re
lies not on this one industry-, but on
many, is assured."
tatingly repeated the harsh language
he had on direct examination charged
Seymour with using, and also described
how the officer shook him by the collar
and in other ways tried to intimidate him.
I When he illustrated how Seymour ap
i proached him with the coupling pin Hoff
I raised his voice to a high pitch.
Hosmer asked if Seymour spoke in that
tone.
"Yes; only louder."
"Can you show us how loud he spoke?"
"Oh, no; my lungs are so bad now that
I if I tried I would break down and prob
ably die right here."
After seme further questions about Bey
| mour's conduct Mr. Hosmer dismissed
| Hoff, and Attorney Schooler called John
I Donald, proprietor of the Lindell House,
1031 Howard street. The defense evidently
expected to show that at the hour of the
murder, between 4:30 and 5 o'clock on the
afternoon of December 15, Hoff was at
the house, but witness was not there at
the time, and when he attempted to tell
what Eugene Welton. a former employe
of hip. who is now in Alaska, had told
him about it. an objection shut him off.
H. Heneker, a grocer at Franklin
ajid McAllister streets, was next called,
and also attempted to give some hearsay
testimony, but an objection stopped him,
too. and the defense rested its case.
Mr. Hosmer then had Hoff's carpet bag
and the coupling pin weighed, the former
tipping the scales at 16M> pounds and the
later at 5 pounds, after which he called
Otto Heyneman. Chief Lees' official sten
ographer, in rebuttal. Witness with the
aid of his notes corroborated certain
statements attributed to Hoff during his
examination by the Chief, and which the
defendant a short time previously had
denied having made.
Hoff's testimony regarding Seymour's
rough treatment and harsh language was
read to witness and he positively denied
that the oflicer talked or acted in the
| manner attributed to him. Witness ac
companied Hoff and the detective to SO3
Guerrero street and heard and saw every
thing. Attorney Sqhooler took Heyneman
in hand for cross-examination and ques
tioned him minutely about what occurred
while they were out to the flat. When
witness denied that Hoff had conducted
them to the backyard and said that when
they started to s© Uiere lioit {or a mo- |
That the Nevada State University is
1 located at Reno is at once a cause and
'an effect of Reno's prosperity. Finer
raw material for the making of su
perior men and women than the boys
I and girls of Nevada is not to be found.
: Reno's excellent schools and State Uni
versity are the factories in which the
' change takes place. The university is
really but ten or eleven years old. It
was removed from the eastern part of
: the State to Reno in 1886. At that time
I there were but forty-five students, two
members of the faculty and one-third
of the first building erected on the
university campus— which has an area
of forty acres and is beautifully located
on an eminence overlooking the city
sufficed to accommodate them. Now
there are 450 students enrolled; there is
a faculty of twenty-four professors, and
' the nine buildings will soon be too few
to provide for the wants of the young
men and women who are flocking from
all parts of Nevada, from California.
Oregon. Idaho. Texas and even as far
East as Ohio and New York, to pursue
: their studies here.
The president of the Nevada State
University is the David Starr Jordan
: .Nevada. He is a man wh"se attain
ments and whose individuality are such
as to make his influence felt n,ot only
upon the young men and women who
come under his immediate charge, but
upon the community in general; which
has learned to value the presence of a
man so cultivated, so human, so full of
interest in practical affairs and so
ready and able to help his fellow mfn.
The School of Mines in the Nevada
University is second only to thai ut
Columbia College. As is fitting, much
attention has been given to this de
partment »of the university, and stu
dents from all over the great western
mining territory come to Reno to take
this special course. The university
maintains a dining hall, where the best
of Truckee Valley's rich products are
served at a rate within the reach of
students of limited means. For the
benefit of such as these, too. scholar
ships are provided; one, in particular,
by the Century Club of Reno, an or
ganization of over a hundred women.
Even the corporate heart of the rail
road has been touched, so that over
every railway in the State students are
entitled to half rates. Almost all of
the work in and about the university
buildings and grounds is now done by
ment was at a loss to find the stairs, the
attorney became somewhat excited, for
this was another contradiction of his cli
ent's testimony. But Heyneman could
not be shaken In his testimony, and
when Schooler concluded his cross-exam
ination court adjourned until this morn
ing. _____________
WILL OF CHARLES HANSON.
He Directs That a Part of His Large j
Estate Be Held in Trust.
The will of Charles Hanson, the cap
italist, who died on the 21st inst., was
filed for probate yesterday by Attorney
W. H. Jordan. Hanson's will directs that
one-half of his estate co to his widow.
Charlotte Hanson, and disposes of the re
mainder as follows: The holder of a note
for $13,000, dated May 15, ISSS, promising
to pay that amount two days prior to his
death, is to be paid by the executors on
presentation of the note. The name of
the holder is not civen. Grace Merritt
is to receive $5000 and H. C. Chese
brough, of Oakland, employed as man
ager by the 'testator, is to receive $25,(X>0
and one-fourth of the stock owned by
him in the Tacoma Mill Company. The
executors are further directed to pur
chase a plot in Cypress Lawn Cemetery
and to erect a monument not to exceed
$15,000, also to have the remains of a son
and daughter, buried in Redwood City.
removed and interred in the plot. The i
remainder of the stock owned by the de
cedent in the Tacoma Mill Company is to
be held in trust by H. C. Chesebrough. j
Samuel G. Murphy and William H. Jor
dan for five years after the distribution !
of the estate. If at the expiration of that !
time the only living son of the testator is j
alive the stock, together with $1000, is to
go to him. In the event of the son's i
death, the stocK is to be delivered to the \
widow and if both of them are dead
Chesebrough is named as the benefici
ary. The will concludes with a direction
that the trustees be each paid $6000 pei
annum, during the existence of the trust.
Samuel C. Murphy and H. C. Chese
brough are named as executors of the
will to Mrve without bond*.
' students. The skill that the young men of to various stock raisers from Cali
! acquire in the carpenter and the ma- fornia to Kansas, at prices ranging
'■ chine shop enables them to do most of from $125 to $500.
i the repairing and building required on "The reat in that Nevada owns and
! the grounds. Young women are favored breeds the fi ost cattle west of the
! wherever possible with such work as Rockies," saia the clever manager of
| typewriting, copying and housework, j the Sparks ranch, "is because of the
i A general assembly of all the students wonderful natural advantages of this
jof the university and of all the mem- State and particularly of Truckee "Val
i bers of the faculty is held every ley. Not once in all this year, all
Wednesday at 11:45 a. m. This is the ] through the winter, has it been neces
lecture hour of the week, and is under ; sary to shelter the cattle. But the main
the special direction of the president of ! reason of our prosperity is that, unlike
I the university. These weekly lectures ■ the cattlemen of California, we do not
j are given not only by the members of depend upon an uncertainty. The farm
j the faculty, but also by men and wo- j e rs and the cattlemen of California are
men of special eminence in particular j watching the heavens in suspense. If
fields of study and travel and business ! it doesn't rain their interests are com
enterpnse. There are 5000 bound vol- , promised. In Nevada we have a sure
umes in the university library and 4000 ; thing. We irrigate. It is not the heav
pamphlets. j ens W e rely on, but the streams and the
The university has had a remarkable j snow you can see over there on the
growt \ in this practically first ten Sierras which, melting, will add to the
years of its life. Plans for the con- i volume of water in the rivers and, inci
struction of new buildings and f the j dentally, to our prosperity.
extension of the university's influence "A third reason for our "pre-eminence
are being considered and if the next is that cattle here do not require to be
ten years shall see even as gTeat an j fed grain, as they do In the East, for
improvement as the last Nevada's State ■ instance. Ail the alfalfa required for
University will be one of the recog- j the cattle on this ranch has been raised
nized great institutions of learning in
the West.
• • •
One of the possessions upon which
Reno prides herself is the Sparks
ranch, four miles from town. This mil
lionaire cattleman came to Nevada
from Texas about four years ago.
Mr. Sparks" specialty is in dealing in
the finest, choicest breeds. On his
ranch there are 300 pure- bred Hereford
cattle — cattle which he values at from
$40.0:>0 to $50,000. The reputation, of the
cattle on the Sparks ranch is such that
Cecil Palmer, the noted animal painter,
has come to Reno, solely for the pur
pose of sketching the great Earl of
Shadeland, the Duke of Fulton and
others of these mammc-th. white-faced,
blue-blooded bulls, whose mighty backs
mounted on short legs look like ani
mated billiard tables. Valuable billiard
tables they are, too. Mr. Sparks values
the three thousand pounds of bone and
muscle that make up one of those four
footed aristocrats at least a dollar a
pound. And $5000 wouldn't buy the pa
triarch of the herd.
The Sparks ranrh has become the
breding-place of the "West. Since Sep
tember one hundred and twenty-five
pure-blooded calves have been disposed
RODE CONDUCT
OF AN OFFICER
Charge Preferred Against
Policeman T. W.
Marlowe.
L H. Scheel, a Property Owner,
Is the Complaining
Witness.
Entered Scheel's Houss and Tried
to Force Him to Raise a
Disturbance.
The position of Policeman T. TV. Mar
lowe Is not at present an enviable one.
Besides lying under the stigma of cow
ardice at the time Lieutenant Burke was
shot by T. P. Haynes a week ago, he
will also have to answer a charge before
the Police Commissioners of unofficerlike
conduct, to be preferred by a citizen.
Yesterday morning J. H. Scheel of 132
Henry street called at police headquar
ters and asked to see Chief Lees. The
Chief was out, and Scheel announced
that he wanted to prefer a charge against
Policeman Marlowe.
"I did not Intend to take any notice
of thii policeman's conduct,* «aid Scheel
right here in Truckee Valley, and at
least ?2000 worth of hay has been sold, ,
which we didn't need.
"We have just received fifty Shrop- S
shire sheen and seven fine Herefords j
from England, where Mr. Sparks sent l
an agent for this purpose. Those Persian ;
sheep, you see, weigh 300 pounds, fully; j
more than any of the Shetland ponies ;
in the next field. We are raising deer,
also. Nevada was made to be the nat
ural breeding-place of the finest ani- !
mals.
"Of ec-urse, you know Mr. Sparks* In- '
terest in cattle is not confined to this
one ranch in Washoe County. Out on
the range there are from 40,000 to 50,000
head, which are provided with pure
bred sires from here, where, of course,
we keep a bovine blue book. "We do
business with Kirke Armour of Chi
cago in disposing of our beef.
"Nothing could be in better shape
than the interests of the cattlemen of
Nevada, All the surpius stock of alfalfa
of the farmers about Reno has been
consumed, and as a consequence
the bankers of Reno say that the
farmers in the valley are paying
up old debts which their creditors never
hoped to collect. In return, the banks
are lending money more freely. Loans .
are made to-day in Reno which would '
in telling his story, "till I read in The
Call this morning the account of his con
duct when poor Burke was shot last
Wednesday. I then made up my mind
that the public should know what sort
of a man he is. About January 10 last he
came to my house, accompanied by a
neighbor named Thompson. He had no
warrant and he told my daughter that
he wanted to arrest me. He made use of
such language to her it was lucky for him
I was not present at the time. He told
her that two of my sons should be in San
Quentin and that they were a disgrace to
the neighborhood. My daughter sent for
me. and when I came In he beg. n to
question me in an insolent and overbear
ing manner. He asked me what I worked
at and I told him it was not necessary
for me to do any work as I was able to
live off the income from my property. He
then asked me other insolent questions,
his evident purpose being to get me to
create a disturbance, so that he could
place me under arrest.
"I kept my temper, as I did not want
to get mixed up in any quarrel with him
or with Thompson. He rudely kept his
hat on all the time he was in the house,
and conducted himself altogether in a
manner unbecoming a guardian of the
peace. I was glad when he went away,
as I was afraid of losing control of my
temper. At the time I thought of laying
a complaint before the Commissioners,
but decided for the sake of peace to let
it go. Now. however. I think I would be
doing wrong in not making the charge
against him."
After telling his story Scheel was ad
vised to prefer a sworn complaint and
lodge it with the clerk of the Commis
sioners and the ( ase would come up at the
next meeting. He promised to do so at
once.
Scheel states that he is a property
owner, the father of a large family and
was never in trouble in his life. He said
that Thompson's wife had made com
plaints about boing annoyed* by two of
his sons, but personally he knew nothing
about It.
The Scott Will Contest.
Toe bearing - of "- tha contest : aver ? the
■ <-.■"■-.■■ . r- "■■=■■, - '■' '•■•-: ■> ■ ■ -. " ■ .. "■ ■
have been deemed out of Uit- question
a year or two ago.
• • •
"This is a wholesale town," said the
president of the Board of Regents of
■ the State University. "Its location
I couldn't be improved. It is better thaa
I that of Denver. All the produce of
Nevada is bound to pass through
I Renos gat«s. And everything that we
j have in Nevada— from the president of
I our university to the onions that grow
1 down at Glendale— is of the best. You
needn't take Nevada's word, as to the
produce. Just go to the ones who aru
\ most competent to judge, and who are
hardest to suii— the buyers. San Fran
i Cisco's wholesale butchers keep agents
I in Reno six months of the year buying
| our beef. They tell you it's the best
• to be had. The California cattle men
| want the quarantine line lowered. Mil
! ler & Lux alone want to bring into this
i State 10,000 head of cattle. Why? Be
cause the Nevada ranges are covered
with grass that's unequaled. Reno has
just shipped a carload of apples to New
■York. Why? Because they're the best.
! Because Nevada's snows and moun
i tains have given that sweet, sharp
juiciness that make Honey Lake ap
ples the finest in the world. Our ber
ries are the best. There's no butter
so sweet as Nevada's. The best ho
tels in San Francisco appreciate this.
We supply them. Our potatoes* are
the best, and we get the best price*
for them. As to onions, there are hun
dreds of tons of them ripening now
down on the river bottoms just at the
right time, for us; just when all other
onions are out of season. The conse
quences are that we get $40 a ton for
them.
"Reno is the natural depot for meat,
for everything that Nevada produces.
She has grown "readily, continually.
New buildings are going up right along.
With such advantages as ours we
should be a city of 30,000 people. And
we will be. Nothing could have kept
us back, except railroad rates. And
the end of that is coming. Other roads
build up the country through which
they pass. The Central Pacific will
pass into other hands, or we'll get a
competing line and then there will be
ten times the amount of shipping done
over the road to compensate for the
lowering of rates. The past two years
have been splendid ones for Nevada.
Reno's time is coming. It can't be
stopped."
• • •
The Nevada Hospital for Mental Dis
eases is a fine building, excel>entiy
planned, well adapted for the care of
Nevada's insane. It is beautifully sit
uated about two miles from town on
the banks of the Trurkee. The grounds
are very pretty and all through the
spring and summer and late in the win
ter a great proportion of the inmates ar«
to be seen seated upon the lawns or
walking along the roads, accompanied
by attendants. The hospital can ac
commodate 225 patients. At present
there are 193 cared for. There are 200
acres of land belonging to the hospital
now under cultivation, and nearly one
half of the patients are employed in
one capacity or another, as tailors,
about the grounds or in domestic oc
cupations. The hospital building it
self is steam heated and provided with
all possible comforts for the unfortu
nate people who are kept here. There
are sunny, carpeted reading rooms,
where the more rational gather. Twire
a month religious services are held and
every week there are dances in the
hall. A number of patients, male and
female, have even visited the State
Fair, which takes place yearly in Reno.
• • •
It is said that ninety-nine one-hun
dredths of the water power of the
Truckee goes to waste. The Reduction
Works, for whose use 5000 horsepower
is drawn from the Truckee and re
turned without encroaching: upon any
one's rights, are idle at present, owing
to the depreciation of silver. The man
who owns them is also the proprietor
of Reno's flour mill, which he has re
built three times in the past twelve
years, and which supplies the people of
the vicinity with IS, OOO barrels of flour
a year. The time will come when the
Iruckee will be required to do all the
work of which its turbulent energy is
capable; when mills will be as numer
ous on either side of the lovely river as
are now the creameries, with which the
valley is dotted.
One-third of the people of Reno are
Interested in the Union Building and
,L<van Association, holding from one to
not more than fifty shares of its $100.
000 worth of stock. The Reno Real Es
tate and Investment Company has put
Lip a number of fine buildings in town.
The Inyo Marble Works have their out
let a few miles above Reno.
• • *
The social life of Reno has always
been most pleasant. The city pos
sesses a club almost unique in the priv
ileges allowed to lady members. The
club house erected in the prettiest part
of Po-wning's Addition — one of the
many enterprises due to the eneigy of
the man who, while in health, was
Reno's most public-spirited citizen — is
used by both sexes; and the pleasantest
as well as the most select social gath
erings have been held here. Reno's bi
cycle club numbers more than a hun
dred meraebrs.
• • *
A new industry has sprung up of late
in Reno, which is a source of amuse
ment as well as of profit to Renoites.
Just now this city is engaged in marry
ing California couples who the
California laws as to marrying within
a year after divorce. Reno has become
known as Cupid's town: and that the
Riverside Hotel has had to build an ad
dition of twenty rooms lately is testi
mony that the marriage business, like
other Reno enterprises, is booming.
probating of the will of Mrs. Angeha R.
Scott, who practically disinherited her
husband, was resumed yesterday before
Jndere Coffey. The testimony introduced
tended to show that the deceased was
jealous of her husband and that she was
of unsound mind. One of the witnesses'
testified that Sirs. Scott had offered her
$200 if she would so arrange It that her
husband might be caught in a com
promising position.
HUBBARD FORGIVEN.
Immigration Commissioner North
Has Caused the Dismissal of the
Captain of the S. N. Castle.
United States Commissioner Heacook
yesterday held an examination into the
charge preferred against Captain H. H.
Hubbard of the schooner S. N. Castle of
having landed an immigrant without no
tifying the Immigration Commissioner as
required by law.
The testimony showed that the captain
I had failed to send a manifest to the Im
| migration Commissioner and that he had
i surreptitiously landed a lady passenger,
i a native of Hawaii. The captain pleaded
ignorance of the law. and upon his prom
ise not to repeat the offense Commission
er North moved that the charge be dis
missed, which was accordingly done.
A similar charge against Captain Jack
son of the brigantine Tropic Bird for
landing eighteen natives of France in the
same unlawful manner is pending.
Baldwin Grotto Concerts.
The trial of "William Bogen, president of
the Baldwin Grotto Company, on a charge
of violating the license laws by not taking
out a concert hall license was held before
a jury in Judge Low's court yesterday
afternoon. After hearing the evidence
and the arguments of counsel the jury re
tired, but were unable to agree upon a
verdict and were discharged. Nine were
for acquittal and three for conviction.
The case was continued until to-morrow
to be again set.
1314
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuaQce of the Provisiogs of
Section 8, Article XI, of tl)e Constitution of th«
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE H— LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys. .
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE rV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer. s
Chapter IV— Assessor. ►•
Chapter V— Tax Collector, •
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk-
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
LRTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public "Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
JLRTICLE VII — PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education-
Chapter ll— 6chools.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board of
Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ABTICLE I.
Boundaries, Bights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 3 use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property. In fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, with power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of San Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recovery of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equltr, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; nor shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in any such
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
in the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
shall be jointly and severally liable to
the party Injured for the damage sus
tained. •
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE 'DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County or San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated In" this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
shall consist of eighteen members, all
ARTICLE vii— continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals. - ,
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property. _
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commls-
Bioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XTV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish Its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
i The Board shall not adjourn to any
! other place than to its n lar place of
j meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No' ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
j to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to its- title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordin mcc shall embrace
but one subject, wh. h subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of P U^|J C
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hundred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the Imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
In cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or itemh
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unlesa
passed notwithstanding the . Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall, be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vota
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
phall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it. had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
In the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for !.is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. Whrne\ r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City and County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be subrr.-tted
to a vote of th electors of :h~ City and
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of rcidence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an officer competent to administer
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FuR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v.ion
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption therec f, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'aim such fact: nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease r r sale of any
public utility, or for the purchase of land
of more than fifty thousand dollars In
value must be submitted to the vote
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adontion of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (statins t.ie nature of
the proposed ordi: .nee) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature ol the proposed ordi
nance).
i If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, within thirty
days from thf time of such election,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall ha -c
the same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be made by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by a number of voters equal 1 >
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an ol cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appendec l . Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cases of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners to the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accorc" lgly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of California, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit t j impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
6. To fix the limits within which
wooden buildings or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement cr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per-
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necessary' rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provido and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and r.part from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing if
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the. City and
County, for the use of water, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To Impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this CLarten
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part tnoreof io any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Court, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each Interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tl.
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions o£ a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.'
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix. establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed ~nd in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to reflation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion fbr the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such, railways Jointly.
29. Yo convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five mays,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County:
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of Judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mvs x . appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization ot the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port "in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be. its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets, of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and In the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
■ shall be granted additional to those
j conditions provided in this Chapter.
! After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
j cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
| its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
; on a day to be named in the advertise
! ment; and a further statement that
! no bids will be received of a stated
! amount, but that all bids must be for
! the payment to the City and County
i in lawful money of the United States
i of a stated percentage of the gross
' annual receipts of the person, com
; pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or poases
: sion.
Every bidder shall file with hi 3 bid a
: bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
i sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid- !
der will well and truly observe, fulfill •
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the \
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of ]
the breach of any of the conditions of i
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken j
to be liquidated damages, and that as ;
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open j
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no j
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the I
franchise shall be at least three per j
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re- i
ceipts during the next succeeding ten j
years.
Except as In this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must be in accordance wUh the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so \
far as such provisions may be applica- '
ble. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for i
which application was made. Fvery
ordinance making such grant shall re- ,
quire the concurrence of three-fourths of i
all the members of the Board of Super- !
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes, j
and the approval of the May- (
or, and at least ninety days shall in- !
tervene between the introduction and ;
final passage of any such ordinance. It ;
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the \
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con- j
dition, in addition to the conditions re- j
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the ;
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be j
paid into the treasury on or before the j
tenth day of the next ensuing month ;
after such gross receipts shall have j
been earned; and upon the further con- i
dition that the whole of the railway !
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road- j
track and bed of such railway and all j
its stationary fixtures upon the public ;
streets, shall become the property of j
the City and County; and that the j
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence !
the construction of such railway, and |
continuously thereafter, in each and cv- j
cry month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least \
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture i
or from any of said conditions. On or j
before the tenth day of each month af- j
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the '
Board of Supervisors shall impose such |
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide >
that the franchise shall not be renewed ■
or regranted. and that the Board shall i
at all times have the power to regulate '
the rates of fare to be charged by those ;
using, operating:, possessing or enjoy- i
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such j
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the i
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no |
power to grant franchises or privileges I
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner, j
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at j
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor- j
poration using, enjoying or possessing '■
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street |
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed |
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall j
have power to lease such property to !
any person, company or corporation af- i
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the j
manner above provided as to the grant- \
ing of street railroad franchises, as far I
as the same may be applicable. But no '
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force j
from and after the expiration of thirty j
days from the date of its signature by !
the Mayor, or from, and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors aver his
objections, unless within said thirty i
days a petition signed by a number of !
the electors of the City and County |
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall !
have been filed with the Supervisors, !
asking that said ordinance be submit- j
ted to the vote of the people. In such i
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no j
force or effect for any purpose. If a !
j majority of the votes be in favor of
■ such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
| full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in thia
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions In this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any art C;«
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, tna
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid foi
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts tot
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment for proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and tng
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any Prison. Tha
Supervisors shall require D°nds xiltn
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The l.ierH
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in tha
advertisement for proposals, in tha
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. AH
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to Inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char"" of the of
fice Institution or department foi»
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
e'ght hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be t^o
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of m sfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec 2 All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily- newspaper in the City and Coun.
Tv which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
he ctmrered or contracted for at a nisP.
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list
Vhe newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re^
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not cx
i pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
! the Supervisors, advertise for pro
! posals for supplying the various
; departments, officers and offices of the
! City and County with all stationery
i and supplies in the nature of station
i cry, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for iionery shall be
; separate from tho°e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
! require a greater or less quantity to
i be delivered at such times and in such
| manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
I paper shall state the weight, quality
! and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
| partments of the City and County, mi
i eluding the forms, papers and blanks
| now used or hereafter required*by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
; consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
| tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
| to state the price at which each arti
! cle will be furnished, printed or manu
| factured, as the same may be required
i from time to time during such period.
! and the amount of the bond that will be
i required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
j name or names of the officer or offi
| cers constituting the head of the de
| partment or boord. The contract or
; contracts must be made with the low
! est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity ani quality being considered.
! The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
I rooms in the City Hall for the custody
| of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
j tion as hereinafter provided. When
I any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shn!l issue the same after the
requisition for such article* has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount or
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder or who shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholdina
information, or who shall willfully mis- .
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies caiiea
for, or who shall know'ngly aceppt ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferpr
| to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a Kre«
er amount of labor performed thin nas
been actually performed, or to tf.e re
ceipt of a greater amo ant or differentkinds of material or supplies than has !
been actually received, shall be deemed j
guilty of misfeasar.ee and shall be re- :
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for in I
this Chapter must be in writing and \
executed in the name of the City and i
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract i
awarded to him or to perform the same, j
new bids must be invited, and a con- j
tract awarded as provided herein in i
the first instance. When the Supervis- I
ors believe that the price? bid are too ;
high, or that bidders have combined to '
prevent competition, or that the public j
Interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and causo j
the notice for proposals to be readver- !
tised.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher "rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
ehall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
sent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b -fore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shail
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing liscai year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
ny the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Clt*' find County
f^r the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall re prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate fum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
hiirtr-n, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient Ime or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard In regard thereto, and the Super-
B shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such hearing
Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may.
■within ten days, be vetoed in whole or
in part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the last Monday
of June.
of June.
Aft->- th« final e*>tiTnat'* Is made'- In
accordance herewith, it shall be signed
by the Mayor and the \_;lerk of the Su- :
pervisors, and V. several sums shall
then he appropriated for -the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments therein name". The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
jl-i be raised annually according to law,
■ d collected by tax, the amounts so
Appropriated, less the amounts . re
ceived from fines, licenses' and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn 'thereon by the Auditor.
Sec 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Super # -:ors may appro
priate thirty-Fix thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for H-- law. No money ■
shall be paid out of this appropriation j
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote j
of all the rr.embe s of the Board of j
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors; or for any board, depart- j
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authorize or contract liabili- \
ties against the treasury, to incur, au- ]
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren- I
der payable in the present or future, In
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in j
such month of making or incurring the
same, shall exceed one-twelfth part of I
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
"When any board, department or offi
cer having nower to incur liabilities !
against the treasury shall make any '
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such :
agreement shall be payable in the or- |
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the i
person with whom it is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely *« *« avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
<■■ ling month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims |
upon such appropriation, may be car- I
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except In payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to i meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities,
shall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. x n contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid :
by assessments upon the property ben- j
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance, of the appropria- i
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi- |
cfent to pr the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
lone, or supplies, furnished, involving
the exp n ( " T i'rr ?•* i<*^ p t><-in I •»•» »•»••».
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
is.required by law to be done by con- j
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him, if there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
j so specified by the officer making the ;
i contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
, curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
: weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de- i
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon- !
flay of June in each year the Super- |
; visors shall levy the amount of taxes ;
i for City and County purposes required
! to be levied upon all property not ex- j
| empt from taxation. The amount shall
j be sufficient to provide for the payment j
! during the fiscal year of all demands !
I upon the treasury authorized to be paid ;
j out of the same; but such levy, exclu
i sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
\ the interest and maintain the sinking i
I funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
j City and County, and exclusive of the !
' tax to pay for the maintenance and i
improvement of the parks, squares and
I public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar I
i on each one hundred dollars' valuation j
jof the property assessed. The Super- i
visors in making the levy shall appor
i tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion- -
j ment. the Supervisors shall take into
' account and apportion to the several
1 funds the income and revenue esti- I
, mated to arise during the fiscal year
i from licenses, fees and other sources;
I but the income to pay the interest on
! the bonded indebtedness and provide :
| for the sinking funds shall always be j
: provided for out of the tax on property. ;
Sec. 13. The limitation in section ■
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of i
taxation shall not apply in case of any i
great necessity or emergency. In such
! case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance :
passed by the unanimous vote of the !
Supervisors and approved by the i
Mayor. The character of such neces- j
sity or emergency shall be recited in j
the ordinance authorizing such action, j
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author-
Ice the incurring of liabilities against j
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion ;
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge !
upon or paid out of the income or reve- ;
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
Bhall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund |
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad- . :
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for -
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION" 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter take's effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City J
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said j
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for j
in this Charter for the maintenance of i
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such j
Library and Reading Rooms and the j
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con- |
sist of the moneys remaining at the end j
of any fiscal year in any other funds :
(except the Common School Fund and ;
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all j
valid demands, indebtedness and lia- j
bilities against said funds incurred i
within such fiscal year have been paid j
and discharged; provided, that all dis- j
puted or contested claims payable out '
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow- i
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment j
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish- I
ment, under such regulations as the j
Supervisors may adopt, of any out- j
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the i
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub-
Itc Administrator and deposited by him ,
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon s deposited with the
Treasurer on rpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner j
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided :
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea ■ in any in- I
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School !
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library \
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen- |
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried "orward and appor- !
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the !
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid U the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable j
to its payment, may be paid out of any j
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AJ^D COUNTY OF SAX FRAXCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
: into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de*. -quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
i credit of any sinking fund in the treas
i ury a sum not less than twenty thou
• sand dollars which may be applied to
; the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund — applicable,
; which are not ueemable before their
1 maturity, it shall be the duty of the
; Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the rurrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
; thereof as may be required therefor,
j shall be awarded to the person or per
! sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
1 the amount to the person or persons to
j whom the same was awarded. No bid
1 for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
. greater sum of money for their redemp
i tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
■ ed with interest, not exceeding four per
I centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
I taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
: forfeitures, and all moneys which may
i be collected or received by any officer of
I the City and County or any department
; thereof, in his official capacity, for the
, performance of any official duty, and
; all moneys accruing to the City and
i County from any source, and all
; moneys directed by law or this Char
: ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty on employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
I whom the service was performed: and
' like entries shall be made upon the stub
: of such receipt, which shall be kept by
i the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
j place all such moneys in a fund to be
; designated the "Unapportioned Fee
! Fund," which is hereby created, and
| shall keep such fund as other funds in
'• the treasury are kept, and shall be lla-
I ble on his official bond for all money so
! received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
• time to time to the Treasurer, and to
' every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
; or duty, as many official receipts as
i may be required, charging therewith
i the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
j bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
i numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
: for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
'■• the officer receiving them, he shall re
\ turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
; other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. "When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
i ment, the name of the person making
! the payment, the amount of such pay
! ment. the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
j ficer performing the service, and shall
t make corresponding entries on the stub
! of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is Issued by
j any officer other than the Treasurer as
1 herein provided, he shall state therein
! the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
i the service therein described, and the
| amount charged therefor, and the name
I of the person by whom such receipt is
j delivered to him. and shall make corre
j sponding entries on the stub to which
! such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
\ month the Treasurer must make to the
. Auditor a report under oath of all mon-
e ys received by him during the preced
i ing month, showing the date and num
! ber of the receipt on which the money
I was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
I service, and the name and official dcs
! ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer ahall exhibit to the Auditor all of
: flcial receipts received by him during:
| the previous month, and all official re
i ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
! or not issued, at the close of business
I on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
: month every officer authorized by law
ito charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month.
[ showing the date and number of each
: receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
1 the service for which the charge was
; made, arid the amount of such charge;
i and must at the same time, or oftener,
I if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
i other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
i receipts deposited with him during the
I preceding month, and all receipts re
' maining in his hands, unused or not
! Issued, at the close of business on the
! last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
| prescribed by sections eight and nine
■ of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
: me and settle the accounts of each offi-
I cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
! tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
I thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
| tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
\ fled, and credit each fund entitled
' thereto with the proper amount so ap-'
! portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
J allowed to charge and collect mileage
I for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
j statement showing each process served,
1 the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amo-unt of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
ot deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allo-wed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
■ All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements uron the !
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing: the same. 3. \
The fiscal year within which the in- !
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap- j
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay- i
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in- i
come and revenue provided, collect- ■
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in th. treasury for the !
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal ,
property belonging to the City and j
County, or has been intrusted with the |
collection, management or disburse
meat of any moneys, bonds, or interest '
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof j
to, and make settlement with, the j
Treasurer within the time prescribed !
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi- !
tor, within twenty days ..fter such ;
requisition, the Auditor must state an !
account with such person, charging i
twenty-five per centum damages, and !
interest at the rate of ten per centum i
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit :
therein is prima facie evidence of the
thing! therein stated. In case the Au- I
ditor cannot for want of information !
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al- \
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac- j
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and ■
others employed at fixed wages, shall i
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be j
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one |
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
vieors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same Is in all respects
Just and lesal, and the presentation {
of it. as above required, was not in j
the power either of the original party i
interested or his agent, or the present i
holder; in which case they may by or- !
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred In the same manner unless ;
presented for payment within twenty j
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may j
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren- •
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub- i
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of Its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold om>e
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollar.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
i observe the official conduct of all
' public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
j fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
j ments, officers and persons in the em-
I ploy of the City and County shall at all
: times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
I that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
■ When any official defalcation or will
: ful neglect of duty or official mlscon
. duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
! person from office pending an official In
j vestigation.
The Mayor shall rrom time to time '
| recommend to the proper officers of
] the different departments such meas
1 ures aa he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
'< of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and puolic
institutions of the City and County,
' and see that they are honestly, eco
1 nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
iat such meetings. He shall take all
; proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
' all riots and tumults, for which pur
i pose he may use and command the po
, lice force. If such police force is mi
i sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
i ernor for military aid in the manner
! provided by law, so that such riots or
: tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
' ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
I that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
j cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
> matter. A willful failure to do so shall
': be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information I
i that he has done 6a, and such certifi
i cate shall be evidence in exoneration j
; from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
• tions or proceedings as may be neces- !
: sary to revoke, cancel or annul allfran-
I chises that may have been granted by .
; the City and County to any person.com- j
' pany or corporation which have been |
; forfeited in whole or in part or which j
■ for any reason are illegal and void and t
■ not binding upon the city. The City i
; Attorney on demand of the Mayor I
must institute and prosecute the neces
! sary fictions to enforce the provisions |
ef this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
ejection or appointment !s not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made In this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened:
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB XI.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may bo necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Suph extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor In favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
' official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
: County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
* presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, befoue it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund It is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial Item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive ,
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
name, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every ,
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi- :
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and!
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, \ind ;
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be- |
longing to another. He shall be in per- i
sona! attendance at his office each day j
during office hours. No fees of any :
kind shall be retained by him, but the j
same, from whatsoever source received !
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the ;
moneys in the treasury, there shall be !
provided a joint custody safe in which \
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of '
which alone will open the safe. The •
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
Of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe: but !
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request- j
ed to do so in his official capacity, and ;
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each, i
and the silver in bags containing one j
thousand dollars each. To each bag j
shall be attached a tag showing the j
nature and amount of coin contained j
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody bock, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor : - unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kent in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money' into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon Its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer "with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be t»aid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it. and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same: but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Eve** lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury- ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on ~-^-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Cancel*^"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such reeis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV. |
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputieg
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary ff eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerka
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and In the manner
prescribed by the general laws of thm
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
] final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
■ and not previously paid over, includ
> ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall al"so be charged with, and be
i debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon The
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
i faction of the Supervisors expressed by
, resolution, that it was out of his power
| to collect the same by levy and sale of
j property liable to be seized and sold
: therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but siich
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may b«
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim«
!to time deliver to the Tax Collector
j such City and County licenses as may
jbe required, and sign the same and
! charge them to the Tax Col lector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
i thereof named in such licenses respec
! tively and the class of licenses, and
! take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect th«
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
j every month, and oftener when r«
| quired by the Auditor, make to th©
I Auditor a report under oath of all
j licenses sold and on hand, and of all
j amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
'■ shall also in that regard comply with
1 the regulations which may be pre
i scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
I of making such report, the Tax Collec-
I tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
i licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
j receipts for all moneys paid into th«
! treasury. _
CHAPTEB VI. W
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of t-^nty-f our hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an aji
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the pc >ple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six nundred dol
lars. He m%y appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensation at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take Into
1516
his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When eny papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folioa,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and shail number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions ana proceedings in all the courts
in the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. i. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and a.-.o shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars,
lie shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha . dc-vote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
ti(fns at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, he thall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- aid County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County, to his successor in office,
who shall °ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-pix hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars: an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been «o qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ..t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Ciurt of the City and
County. He f'trll draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer; fil<» with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir~ the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, nrosecutod officially by him.
and of the proceedlnes therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the "Roard of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and thfi Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective office?.
Pec. 3. He may appoint Feven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
vvhnm shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act a3
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
palary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such nrosecut
ing attorneys !n the Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts nf this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. Tne District Attorney may
also appoint one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
| hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
! wMo shall receive an annual salary of
! twelve hundred dollars; and one sten-
I ographer and typewriter who shall re
i celve an annual salary of nine hundred
j dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
j the name of the City and County, bid
! for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and In addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk.
who shall receive an annual salary of
i twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
j ier, who shall receive an annual salary
!of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
curt who shall each receive an an
i nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
j lars; five Register Clerka, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
i each receive an annual salary of
j fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
i ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
i four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
! hundred words. For certifying copies,
: which are not prepared by him, he
I shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
i must certify all papers presented to
i him which are copies of any document,
j paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
' elected by the people, and he shall hold
: office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
1 lars, which shall be in full compensa
i tion for all official services required of
i him by law; but said salary shall be
i exclusive of the compensation received
! by him from the State for the delivery
i of prisoners to the State prisons, and
1 insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
| ers conferred, and shall discharge all
i the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
I of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
| dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
! hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
i eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
I ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One. eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
i Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
lat Branch Jail Number Three, nine
i hundred dc-llars: six Guards at Branch
• Jail Number Three, six hundred dol-
I lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
! Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
i and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
| Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
i services to be performed by hid depu
i ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive .an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred do-llars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
pi-eside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First — Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second — Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Ccmrt of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed In the City and
County.
Third — Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A^D COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third— Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall De
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place. Person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor, __
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and Count j». of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall keep his
offlce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business; shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
<•! Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ~..,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of-
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court In the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take n«tes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of ball;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the Besslons of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
jthe Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
i tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
! Judges provided for in this Chapter;
jand all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided Bhall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, In the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such monoys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary' who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similatfcemployments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all l
necessary rules and regulations for its '
government, and for the performance
of Its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. . No changes In
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjournod meeting: except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from J
which the adjournment was had. No '
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a i
power is exercised under this Article '
by the Board the vote thereon shall be ,
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and i
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all Its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the sue
• cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets In the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of ah
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to the
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence ai
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing; straightening, closing or
.changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts, ■
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be j
opened in the City, and County; of the i
manner of their use; and of all work j
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shail have
I exclusive authority to prescribe rules
i and grant permits, in conformity with j
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for j
the moving of buildings through ths
streets thereof, and the building or J
placing of cellars or vaults under the ■■
; streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
! fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
j ing and power; the construction of
: drains and sewers; the laying down and j
j taking up of gas, steam and water pipes, i
i pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
| sewers and drains, and determining the
i location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
| mission in writing from said Board no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grans
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
i structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
', pools, and of the work pertaining t
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
■ all public streets, avenues, alleys,
j places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th».
same and the lighting of # the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all ;
building construction in the City and i
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage, and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The 3oard shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public W r orks which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u^ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f-r the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall-con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. if the expense of such
work has been U s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he Is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
feea and charges for the . services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in al! cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to oe
delivered at a certain day and hour ax
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of tne
work to be done, the materials to t>e
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to t>e
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office or
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be mane
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding: and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named In the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall," in open session, open, ex
amine and pablicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
while work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the Cfty At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffl.
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for tha
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in hia
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de-
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, aa
was specified in the notice inviting pro,
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the .unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publia
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memDcrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case cf
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within tha
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as Is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shah not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract:
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall he made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, It shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTEB XX.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tacj Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or< nance passedl
by the affirmative vote of not less thaiM
fourteen members of the Board of Su^
pervisors. ' If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may "then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Work's may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of eaid
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or croc -ing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a,
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (leg-al holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at point 3
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters «
state the fact of the passage of saii }
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention fjr
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pro-, rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, hose ownlnctnore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of i."?%*;i
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Pubjic
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district
thoae owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work <* Improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive
and if said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of tne work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition- ni remonstrance, wherein they
i-hall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
t*> made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the ODjections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
fc-parate lot, piece or parcel of land.
fcae area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th«
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he haa
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void,, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. "When any work in or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified In said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as-
Bessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the- -numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the fame shall constitute a Hen upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record-
Ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The exrense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. 01 all work doneln frcnt of, or^
n l^ y be as sessed to, property
?nv ? y the City and County or by
any department thereof.
tw ° f all work done in front of > or
mat may be assessed to, property i
owned by the United States. !
becond.— The expense of all sewers, !
cesspools, manholes, culverts and j
i drains, and of all grading, planking, j
i macadamizing, paving, piling and cap- |
Ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
j blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro-
I vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on I
such portion of any street required by j
law to be kept in order by any person, j
company, or corporation, having rail- j
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and j
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon !
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements j
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year ■* next
I preceding, will amount to a sum great- j
er than fifty per centum of the value j
at which said property was assessed j
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a^
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec-
I tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
■ streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
I alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
j cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
! and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
j ings shall be assessed at a uniform
I rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
j or portion of a lot having any front
i age in the said blocks fronting on said
i main streets, half way to the next main
! street crossing, and all the way on
j said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in |
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination 6hall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front-
I age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
I fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next ;
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates In another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place or the end of such street, avenue.
1 lane alley, place, or court, ir it does
i not meet another, and the other one
j half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
i filling made by him or them in said j
' grading, and the proportions performed
I by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof and thereafter may file said
certificate In the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the graiing of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
! price by the cubic yard for cutting and
i filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in thQ. contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
! as would be required for grading to the
I grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and, lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or ownere
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which v.ie
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
Improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
( D a te) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested in paid
atflK wsment shall be deemed to have no
tice ft the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum diie for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording' thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or iUe
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any such assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in f.even months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
ar other assessment to be Issued in con
formity to law; and the Hoard shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to
said applicant a new assessmant, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a Hen upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con- i
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each, j
If any payment be made, the contrac- i
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand- j
cd. When the persons so assessed, or i
their agents, cannot conveniently be j
found or when the owner of the lot is i
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs,, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the ;
Board of Public Works within thirty ;
days after its date with a return indors- i
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or In
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return bo made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to j
whom the assessment and -warrant |
were issued. If any contractor shall j
fail to return his warrant within the .
time and in the form provided in this ,
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if \
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such j
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon |
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the ;
assessment and warrant as aforesaid, I
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw^ interest at the rate of seven j
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
j act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
i ing and filing the same with the Clerk
jof the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring \o the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of. shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
! just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public "Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section.
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same. , _
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor err his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with Interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under th«»
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made- and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have j
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees m addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and oorrect
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a Hen against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the pale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.-
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, tor
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots frc-nting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por- ;
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be (
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and :
without Interruption prosecuted to ;
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with '
any suitable person, at the expense of '
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doing of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by it in its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after ,
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow- :
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid- .
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved in '
the office of the Board, and shall be '
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all '
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con- '
tract price. Such work shall be com- •
menced within twentv-fnur hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat- '
lsfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
c-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the wor.c
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in casetpf other
assessments provided for in this chap-
scribe the penalties that shall be in
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shaJl
thereupon forthwith In writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted In a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover In said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever In this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate .or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the ' A
ssessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall Include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of tho
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses Incurred in
printing and advertisinj the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
In this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet In width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro-
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the Citj r and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as In its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for .said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give . the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements an-i
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and Implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon nis
official t>ond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with whicn
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER IIL
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publio
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, ana
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall ba
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property— including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of In
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said" lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
1 of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of tho
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting tha
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, tha
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are ma •«..,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
fojr a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be
IT18
tween the value of said lot In its en
ti-etv and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include tHe value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments if any. thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation. ■ ■
Sec S On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
To time, the Board shall -proceed -to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time of
said inquiry. Independently, of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of sucn
jAteuded improvement, and the "Board
vhMl fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners there.or.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fit., and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within Bald district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages if .any.
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
ard every lot of land ivithin the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lands.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie .evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record. .:."" : ":.?-^ '•■; ■■■■'■£■■*&
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which Is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in Its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set- forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head-
Ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the 1 completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and * valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the • assessment, contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v^lue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten 'nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Bhall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding-; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or .modified by said Board. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described In
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
Bald improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Said Hen shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
.City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
.proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
, thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
.Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the BoarS of Public "Works in proceed
ings under this .Chapter.
.. Sec. -15. After the /confirmation of
Baid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or .if an appeal has • been
• taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
- of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
" tificate to that effect to said Board;
: and said assessment shall ; then be re
"corded in the Book of Assessments for
' Condemnation . kept ': for that : purpose,
and the" record thereof ; signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
• The, Secretary shall then deliver to the
( Tax , Collector the assessment . so con
fimy^A ojid recorded. '. toeether with; said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant |
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate j
and warrant shall have been delivered j
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain, j
to be not more than ten days after the .
expiration of said publication, sell such !
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as- .
sessment so delinquent, as and for the j
expenses of said sale. He shall there- \
upon sell such lots pursuant to such '
notice. Redemption may be made from j
such sale within the time and in the !
manner and on the terms as on sales |
made under execution as provided in |
the Code of Civil Procedure of this !
State. If any amount remain j
in the hands of the Tax Collector '
as a result of the collection of said as- |
sessment beyond that necessary to j
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenats of said sale, ,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro- j
portionately to those whose land has !
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 10. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
said judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to |
the amount awarded as compensation j
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment ;
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been j
registered by him and that there arw
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid ßoard, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue ai»
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may he agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col- |
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds :
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be- j
fore receiving the proceeds of said war- j
rant said party, or some one author- j
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex- j
ecute to said City and County and de- j
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the lajid required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su- j
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board '■
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve- !
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose nf making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided !
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the I
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro- j
ceedings are taken by way of provid- |
ing compensation to those who may ■
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro- j
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. C. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improver-.ont provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other Improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers reservoirs and pumping worKS as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine up»n any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed By ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be j
under the management and control of |
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of <
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build-
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for ;
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro- j
vide for the collection of the same, ex- j
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide |
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education. .
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage- i
ment of a Board of Education com- |
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the i
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less ,
than thirty years of age and must have *
been residents of the City and County I
frrr at least five years prior to their ap- |
point.ment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di- !
rectors shall be four years. Those first i
appointed shall so classify themselves j
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The -ioard shall organize by i
electing one of its number President, !
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may j
elect a Secretary who shall not be a j
member of the Board, and who shall .
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact j
business. In every instance where a j
power is exercised under this Article by i
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER Li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for tearhing. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in tho
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate -belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Cf-nsus
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ho< Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal fcr.md in
competent may «be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board 'ail or neglect Xc fiii
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d'lties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
rion Schools.
8. To sue in the name of the City and^
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conce ."ling the enj'.j>
ment and possession cf such lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common jgchool Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due ar.d al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than, for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary theredf. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of th^ Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for ul-> in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the ssmo by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, -in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taught in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
j The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
i tendance shall have reached forty-five
i thousand, when the Superintendent
snail appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
| thousand » hildren in average daily
i attendance. If from any cause a
! vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
| Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
; filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
i years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
, years.
Se-\ 4. Such deputies must have had
at U-ast ten years' successful experi
j ence as ♦eachers, and shall have been
i residents ot the City and County at
| least five years preceding their ap
: pointment.
Sec. 5. Tn addition to the duties im
! posed by the general laws of the State,
|it shall be the duty of the Sup^rin
i tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
i tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
j tion annually, on or before the twen
! tieth day of August, and at such other
j times as the Board may require, all
| matters pertaining to the condition and
I progress of the public schools of the
I City and County during the fiscal year,
i with such recommendations as he may
\ deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
| County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Boaid once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, Intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of. Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
! Department, and for other expenditures
1 necessary for the administration of the
I Public School System; but the aggre
| gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
j pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
! prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
! and in the manner of levying and col
! lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
i the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
l tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so Injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun~
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the* Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b«
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
Pdjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
Hear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
! constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
i the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and -erscmal
i property, and for constructing such
i buildings as may be necessary, an
i nually levy a tax on all property in
I the City and County not exempt from
; taxation which shall not be less than
1 one and one-half cents nor more than
. two and one-half cents upon each ane
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
i tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
: brary. shall be paid into the treasury
; and be designated as the Library
I Fund and be applied to the purposes
I herein authorized. If such payment
j into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
J such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
I shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library i
and Reading Rooms, Li accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift, i
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be- |
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of i
the Library and Reading Rooms, when j
not inconsistent with the terms of its j
acquisition, shall vest In the City and
j County, and in the name of the City
I and County may be sued for and de
1 fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge !
jof the Public Library and Reading j
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and j
of all real and personal property there- j
unto belonging, or that may be ac- |
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise i
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
j with the terms and conditions of the
! gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet i
for business purposes at least once a j
month, and at such other times as it j
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as- i
sistants as may be necessary. The \
Secretary shall keep a full account of j
all property mon— , receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its ■
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall j
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules, I
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and !
protection of the Library and Reading j
Rooms and branches thereof, and all j
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust de'Jared
or created for such Library and Read-
Ing Rooms and branches thereof, and I
provide memorial tablets and niches to I
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
j ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian I
and Secretary and their assistants: |
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and brandies thereof.
7. To establish such branches of th<»
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
I from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whoje> or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City j
and Co-unty, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
i buildings thereon to be used for the !
; Library and Reading Rooms, or
j branches thereof, and may appropriate j
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and !
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
| member of the Department unless he I
; shall be a citizen of the United States,
i of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
j Every appointee to the Department
I shall not be less than twenty-one nor
: more than thirty-five years of age,
j must possess the physical qualifications
■ required for recruits of the United
i States Army, and before his appoint
j ment must pass a satisfactory medical I
; examination under such rules and
■ regulations as may be prescribed by
j the Board of Police Commissioners, j
! In making appointments .of members i
of the Department, the Board shall !
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can-
J didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
I whom shall receive an annual salary of !
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner !
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
year 3 next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two member* of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
1 appointment under any statute or law
! of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
lan annual salary of fifteen hundred
i dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, i except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board;. .The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
•keep ; minutes of its proceedings; and
! in - every case where a power is exer
i cised by the Board under this Article
j the ayes and : noes thereon shall be en
tered therein. ______
CHAPTER IH.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
I provided. ... ...
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
j for the government, discipline, equip-
I ment and uniform of the Department,
and, from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
! rules and regulations. All such rules
j and regulations must.be reasonable.
3. To, grant permits to any person
I desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
I in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged In
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor, If tha
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it 19
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled t^
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com- .. «
plaints to revoke permits granted by x '
the Board must be in writing, signed
| by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
j and a copy thereof certified by the
| Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint. .
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and. at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such .officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board. .
5 To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, , weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used In
the commission of crime.
6 To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same. "
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec 2. The President may convene
' the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV. '; -Ji f
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control.
I management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise 1 - of his functions, with, full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he. shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
I rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He_ \
! shall, subject to the directions and or-*
i ders of the Commissioners, have con-^
trol of such of the prisons of the City
' and County as are not by the general
! law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
: riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
j public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
I exercise of his functions, have all the
! powers that are now or may be con-
I ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
Sec! 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and pr6cess
issued by the Police Court and such
other : orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners. _ .
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case 'he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found. , .
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the ,
Police Court and to execute Its orders ,|^
and process. He shall detail at his V~».
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks.
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
I Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
! time to time disburse such sums lor
contingent expenses of the Department
! as in his judgment shall be for the nest
interest of the City and County, to Be __
paid out of the contingent fund allowed >
the Department. The aggregate or all
such sums -shall not ' in - any one fiscal
year ; exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars." Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent, tuna in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow > and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
! penses of the Police Department, upon
| orders signed by the Chief of ■Police,
such amounts as may be required .v
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
! sess powers of general police inspection,
I supervision and control, over all pawn
[ brokers, peddlers. junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
! auctioneers and intelligence^office keep
i ers.- ■ All' persons engaged in said ca 1
1 inesnust first procure permits from t.ie
! C^mSoKr^ln the ; exercise ; of such [,y 9
power ', the ■ Chief may by , authority in ,
writing from time to ; time empower
members of the Police -Department,
' when in search of property feloniously '.
! obtained or in search ; of suspected ; of
\ fenders, or in search of evidence to con-
I vict any person charged with crime, to
i examine the : books and the premises of
: any such person; ' Any such ; member of
I the Police Department, .when thereunto ,-.
! empowered in writing by the Chief of ilto
Police, may 'examine property alleged v^;
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit- ■
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V. - i
■-,'.' "-:'■■- -<■■• -'" '-■ ' .'. ;■ -:•.■■
. Subordinate Officers.
SECTION }i;V Subordinate • office— of % ;
%the Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-lour hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, "vvho shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hund.od and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
v.ho shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of P>.ii< ...
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
bo defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the Judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be defined b-- the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains. Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. G. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rark as Captain of Defectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members .so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shafl
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County shall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according: to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions In the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment: but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex- <
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any ;
cause, or to punishment for any breach
Of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before i
the Commissioners upon a verified com- i
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing aa the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac- j
cused shall be entitled upon such hear- \
Ing to appear personally and by coun- I
se!: to have a public trial; and to se- |
cure and enforce free of expense to him i
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIH.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
Btolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in aq^y way come into the
possession or custody of any member
ot the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought v.ith the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the nccuped. and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money tt^-t has been in the custody of
tho Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold U\ public auction, after having
be^n five times advertised in the officiai
newspaper: and the proceeds of smh
pale shnll be paid into the treasury to
The credit of the Police Relief and Pen
f ion Fund. In no case shall sii'-h prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
f'-spity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons i?hni! not
become part of sv.rh Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same is pair! into tho treasury;
but the Commissioners and tho Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
inak 'liligent inquiry to ascertain the ;
person or persons to whom the same
shouM by right be payable.
Bee 4. If any property or money in ;
the < ustody of the Property Clerk be re- ]
cjuiroi a S evidence in any Court, it ,
•ball be delivered to any officer who i
Fhall present an order in writing to
that effect from such Court, and the 1
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi- -
ble for tho pate delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Pec. 6, Ail valuables and money in,
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribe! by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
vil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
a £ , thls Charter shall go into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and .its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
. Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
gpartment who has arrived at .the
3 of sixty-five years, and who, upon
examination by two regularly cer
cated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long aa she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing 6olely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioner
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which Is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting sen 3 to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
I Book. All warrants signed by the
I President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
'be audited and ordered paid by him
: cut of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
! Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
j the payment from said Fund of all
! its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
i ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be !
i paid to any member of the Board for |
j any duty required or performed as Po
j lice Relief and Pension Fund Commla
; sioner.
Sec. 11. The» Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
; the payment frito the aforesaid Fund of
| the following moneys:
1. Not lees than five nor more than
: ten per centum of all moneys collected
; and received from licenses for the
! keeping of places where spirituous,
: malt or other intoxicating liquors are
j sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
J from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
j imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
i property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mor* |
i than one-half of all moneys received j
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk
! stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
] carrying concealed weapons. J
CHARTER FOR THE
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
J collected In money for violation of any
; ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
| Force two dollars a month, which shall
i be forthwith paid into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
j retention or reduction shall be made
i from such pay for any other fund or
: purpose unless the same is herein au-
I thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
i ball, party or picnic, the party or per
; son making such request shall first de
' posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
! Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
•treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
'such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided far in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in 6uch Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
| ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
I constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
! mlssioners shall be four years. Those
I first appointed shall so classify them
i selves by lot that they shall respective
: ly go out of office at the expiration of
' one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
• County at the time this Charter shall
I go into effect by virtue of appointment
I under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
1 ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
j the Board may prescribe. He shall re
! ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
j hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
I at least once a week, and as often as
I the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control trf all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years o-f age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the dato nf their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Ie 7. No officer, member or employee
he Department shall be appointed,
isferred, or removed because of his
tical opinions, nor shall he be
isferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to- the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
Impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of tho Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
Into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappolnted without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or 'transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses Jn his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
Injuries received while !n the actual
performance of hla duty therein so jas
city and county of sa:n francisco.
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of I
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work ;
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award- i
Ing of any such contract, exact an ade- j
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit i
and security accompanying the same, !
the presentation and opening of pro- j
posals, the ay rdlng cZ contracts '.
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can I
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to j
the Fire Department. Any contract I
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, aro
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sua
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department an(S
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability of
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint surh persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office or Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, Bale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VX
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Belief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. Then; shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who^ upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a ninthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to ihe date of his retire
ment. No suchi pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the came
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any meinlcer of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
| jury received in the performance of his
i duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
! the facts constituting such disability
i and the cause thereof, act >mpanied by
j a certificate signed by the Chief of the
1 Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
i such disability, may be retired from
I the Department upon an annual pen
| sion equal to one-half the .mount of
, salary attached to the rank which he
| may have held three years prior to
the date of such retinement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
; his death. In case his disability shall
| cease his pension shall cease, and he
j shall be restored to the service in the
I rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
I monthly p .sion equ-1 to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
i widow, but leave an orphan child or
i children under the age of sixteen years,
! such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to .he position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
| ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
j non-resident of this State, shall for-
I feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
I rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer-
I tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
lof its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year ot
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 6. Any citizen, firm, or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the riUe3, regulations, or
dera ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings In the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPABTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses.
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publlo
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri-
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surrrery. and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services In private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of ai\y Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
abticle xi.
depabtmentTof elections,
chapter i.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Beard must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Thnse first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
nt the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, ns the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. Thf>
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party, and If not, then at
the discrption of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from th^ same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all timps of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding thp appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
Registrar, nor Dematv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been nppolnted, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any flection except to
vote and when acting as Flection Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties ns may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
I to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar oC
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
j The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The terra
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resofation or
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general lawa
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as It can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPIEB 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk. Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day or January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous Jo the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XIL
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It Is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as thG
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and .County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase at such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and. County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any .
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor or ©ota
1920
propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast therein,
both propositions shall be deemed re-
in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
netition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same a.
provided in section six of this Articie
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. ..,
Se C 4 In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
Submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired,
upon such terms.
In case however, the cost of such ,
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article J
shall so far exceed the annual revenues i
of the City and County, in addition to !
the other necessary expenditures there
of as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub- |
mining propositions to the electors for j
the acquisition thereof, shall specify i
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter- !
est thereon, and whether such bonded j
indebtedness shall be Incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
daring such determination as set forth !
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the m-xt regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter- j
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less i
than two weeks nor more than four i
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public i
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance \
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. . No question oth*>r
than the acquisition of -such utility and ;
♦he incurring of the indebtedness i
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the Tnanrjr of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Pec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
flay and at the place fixed therein, and j
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable '
annually, semi-annually or quarterly, j
as the Supervisors may determine. '
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as j
they may determine, but the same must :
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
Tnited States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and signed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
atiuila cause for the removal from
' office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or undej- the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The j
Commissioners shall control all ex- ;
aminations, and may, whenever an ex- |
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if j
in the official service, it shall be a part t
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex- j
aminations as the Commissioners may j
direct, and to make return and report >
thereof to the Commissioners. The j
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such \
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination i
shall be given by the Commissioners I
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such !
further notice of examination shall be ,
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex- i
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com- !
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service -of the City and I
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed br the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex- j
l amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
i all cases where practicable, that vacan
! cies shall be filled by promotion. All
' examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
j the next lower rank established by the
! Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
! submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
i each promotion. The method of exam-
I ining, and the rules governing the same,
! and the method of certifying, shall be
1 the same, as near as may be, as pro-
I vided for applicants for original ap-
p ointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
i or office, in which a position classified
! under this Article is to be filled, shall
i notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
I and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
! to which the position belongs; but la
! borers shall be taken according to their
I priority of application. In making such
! certification, sex shall be disregarded,
i except when some statute, the rules of
| the Commissioners, or the appointing
I power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
I period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
1 months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
! ter after they have remained thereon
j more than two years. At or before the
I expiration of Jhe period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
i missioners, discharge him upon asslgn
i ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
| deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the ap
proval of the Commissioners, mak*
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Bee. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices ana
departments of the City and County:
I the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Worka,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun~
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy-
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Work»,
the Registrar of the Board of .Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
1 and all physicians appointed by or on
I the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
I boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
I appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
[ov employees in any o£ th© offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY ASTP COTTKTY OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section ahall maks
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
i so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
I in the classified civil service of the Cit>
! and County, who shall have been ap
i pointed under said rules, shall be re-
I moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
j Commission, or by or before some offt
! cer or board appointed by the Commis-
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating offices,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b»
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
j abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
| diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January !
in each year, make to the Supervisors |
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam- :
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying Out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examinxl; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai 3 all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
I power to institute and prosecute legal
i proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
i upon the map of the Outside Lands of
I the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
' street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
i fronting on Haight street, designated
I upon said map by the word "Park,"
! and known as "Buena Vista Park";
i also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward uritil it crosses
j Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
| Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
I ceded to the City and County of San
! Francisco by Act of Congress; arid all
I the other parks and squares in the City
1 and County, and all the grounds
! surrounding public buildings in the
: City and County, and all parks and
! squares and public pleasure grounds
i hereafter acquired by the City and
| County shall be under the exclusive
j control and mangement of a Board of
I Commissioners, who shall be known
! and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
i successors in office of the Park Com
! missioners holding office in the City
1 and County at the time this -Charter
j shall go into effect by virtue of ap
! pointment under any statute of this
1 State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
; five in number, one of whom must be
ian artist. They shall be appointed by
! the Mayor for a term of four years and
; shall receive no compensation for their
i services. They shall so classify them
{ selves by lot that one of them shall go
j out of office at the end of one year, one
I at the end of two years, one at the end
] of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Seer*-
I tary who is not a member of the Boaid
I The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
i the conduct of its officers and em
j ployees, and shall require adequate
I bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
j their duties in such sums as may be
| fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
; proved by the Mayor and filed In the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be ftatered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th-.i Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
i and government of the aforesaid park",
I squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
- day?, Supdays excepted, la the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and ahall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage >
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received front
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donora
suitable articles for the Museum and |
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed ac to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the j
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in -svery
such lease the Board shah reserve Ihe
right to enter at all times into ;ind upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for panc-pleasrre
purposes only. No such builiin^ shall
bo constructed by the Boari except it
be within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this se?tion> con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
F' rmitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
sqv;ares for the purpose j^ conducting
thereon a Fair or Expo^ltien, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be rocessary to conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe
riod not greatet than six months, an<J
so as not to interfere with the use ot
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall. ever be granted except such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
.r Municipal mportanee. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park j
Fund shall *cc used for th^ purposes ct
any r-uch Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
thu request of the Comm i .n?lcnerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, aver.u-?s and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper i
observance of the ordinance of the
Commissioners; and the Cr mmissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of said public pla es in which
the persons arrested for violating any I
>»f ihe ordinances of the Board may be
detained temporarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that I
may be derived from such donations, \
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-veliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Puolic Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not 1 a less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the di»
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give -and i execute to the
City and County such! official bonds as
may be required by liaw, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charts, it shall be , fixe* by au ordt-,
!
I
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
j Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. rhe bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
I respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
! lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars' District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commission five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be.
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also> be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi-
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of hiß compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit hi* office and employment, and be
forever debased, aod disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City aafl County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de-»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be &
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards.
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b«
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from sajd books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same In custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Policy
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall \e kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension. '
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus-
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered In the record of Its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any ] erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it Is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer, any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
Takes effect in good faith commence
Se exlnK and enjoyment of such
Pr le ?f llSnKces or resolutions
for the" improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby ; repealed.
Sec . 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consi?te£ therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed. r
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall .
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
Improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year they must by •
ordinance passed I- y the affirmative Tot*
of not less than fourteen members or
the Board, submit a proposition to In
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the city ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the Provis
ions'of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded Indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid Into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board •of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate, or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for. or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating, or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employe©
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec 34. The salaries provided in this A
Charter shall be in full compensation ■
for all services rendered, and every of-
fleer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands,' as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shail be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clertes or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year on«
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make, all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commit- g
sions and officers of the City and Conn- |
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in tna
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library-
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith he trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Fnapportioned
Fee Fund created by this < barter The
balance remaining in the Police Relief,
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police R eli e£ and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, th« balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remainfng in the Police Contingent ;,
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef- L
feet, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by. this Charter. Out of thef said General Fund shall be paid, as In
I this Bection hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
such expenses as are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provid-'d for the payment of such ex
penses. For the Bik months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every or
Bald departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them oy
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of Bald moneys
set apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
year endins on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific "funds shall be paid durins
said six month? out of the General
Fund Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
.exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
six months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity Tor their continuance ceases.
Sec." 3S. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
.transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and "ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and Co-unty voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sail election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. YES.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officers shall be man-
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
W and for said City and County in office
the time of such election.
H And for the pole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in thi6
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of the persons so • ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, contajning a
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this States did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we, the
members of so id Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution.
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, sipned in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE. Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE,
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr..
JOHN C. NOBMANX.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R, TAYLOh.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Repaying Business Blocks.
For several months past the street de-
I irtment of the Merchants' Association
has been working quietly for the Improve
ment of a number of streets In the new
business parts of the city and the efforts
of the agents have met with success. Yes
terday the work of repaying StocKton
Btreet between Sutter and Post began,
and in a few days the old round cobbles
will be a thing of the past. On April 1 the
workmen will begin tearing up the cob
bles on the blocks on Stockton between
Post and Geary, and on Post between
Montpi mery and Kearny, preparatory to
repavh.K. the property owners on those
streets Laving signed for the improve
ment. 3'roperty owners on Post between
Grant avenue and Stockton have signed
for a better pavement, and this work will
begin iis soon as the work already laid
out is complete. The owners of property
on Sutt<-r street between Grant avenue
and Stockton are also in line, and they
will have that block repaved as soon as
they can.
The Hale & Norcross Fight.
R. R. Grayson and William Barman,
shareholders in the Hale & Norcross
mine, commenced injunction proceedings
yesterday to restrain M.W. Fox, Thomas
McDonald, G. C. Bneider, Edward Barry,
Frank Mahon. W. J. Dole;. A. .TV. Moore
and R. U. Collins, directors of the .com
pany, from collecting a 10-cent assess
ment, levied on the 9th lnst., claiming that
the defcndan"L3 had no power or authority
to make the levy. Judge Seawell; grant
ed a > temporary injunction pending- : the
hearing of the caso. . ,•■;,-:-
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Sliver unchanged.
Wheat higher.
Barley Futures weaker.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Bran and Middlings marked up.
Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes nnd Onions about the same.
Vegetables keep steady.
Butter and Eggs firm.
No change In Poultry.
Citrus Fruits still a glut.
Dried Fruits continue Hat.
No change in Provisions.
Beef firm. Hogs very weak.
Veal and Mutton unchanged.
Financial quotations unaltered.
BRITAIN'S TRADE.
According to the London Economist of March
12 the returns of England's foreign trade for
the month of February were not as encour
aging as expected. Exports of British produce
and manufactures showed a decline of £222,5G3,
a shrinkage in two months of 2.1 per cent. As
regards foodstuffs, wheat made a heavy con
tribution to the decline in imports, probably
due to comparatively high prices. The falling
off was p*oporton»tely divided between the
Hea from the United States and Russia.
Imports of Hour have increased considerably,
the United States having obtained a firmer
hold on the milling industry.
According to the report furnished an Eastern
by an American who visited Birming
ham, England, nut long ago, the street trolleys
ir; that city at*e constructed of rails made in
Pittsburgh the cars were from Philadelphia, the
boilers frum Erie, the engines from Milwaukee
and the 'general electric fittings from Schenec
tadr.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ores at : ration lndlc-te maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hour*.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word '"high" means high
barometric pressure and is usur.lly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars ■ extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast. warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will, produce an
opposite result. . y~j—-'--*-. — - , .
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. March 80, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last seasaon:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 28.53 45.83
Red Bluff 0 12.08 22.91
Sacramento 0 8.59 17.01
San Francisco 0 7.56 22.29
Fresno 0 4.01 10.22
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.53
Los Angeles 0 6.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4.10 11.64
Yuma 0 1.65 5.35
San Franrisco temperature: Maximum, E8;
minimum, 4S; mean. IZ.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
The pressure has fallen slowly over the west
ern half of the country. It has fallen rapidly
in the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the. entire western portion of the
country, except along the immediate coast of
Central California, where there has been a
moderate fall. The temperatures in the great
valleys are about 10 degrees above the normal.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 31, 1R98:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; cooler In
the interior; westerly winds; fog in the morn
ing along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday ;westerly
winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
light fog in the morning; westerly wind. '
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind southeast, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 59; maximum, 65 degrees.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 30.— T0-day's transac- j
tions in stocks might fairly be termed a run- j
away bull market. The overwhelming convic- i
tion of ail operators on : Wall street seemed to !
be that a peaceful ; adjustment , of the contro
versy with Spain is probable. Any of the
minor developments of the day which seemed
to intradict this assumption or to threaten I
the defeat . of > this : outcome were persistently j
and confidentially ignored. There were reac- |
tions at times during the day, . but these were j
evidently due • merely to realizing; sales by j
those who were content to take a large profit j
already assured. These realizing sales were j
absorbed Without at any time reducing the
level -of prices to last ■ night's close or even
near "it, and 'the market several times rallied
to . near the " top figures of the day under | re
' ne'wed"*'buylng. . ' The day closed with the buy
! ing movement in lull force and prices near the j
! highest level.--. The ; day's net gains in the rail- ;
'■ road list ranged- from 1 to 3 points, and in the i
specialties gains of over five points in Sugar j
, and nearly seven points in Metropolitan Street
Railway were scored. Some of the shorts put j
out in Monday's bulge were covered to-day, and !
perhaps helped on the advance materially, : but i
the leading Influences in the > market was a :
rampant speculative buying movement. London i
was credited with being a large buyer here, !
but foreign exchange failed to. reflect the fact, j
! the tone of exchange being firm. This might |
be due to slightly easier time money, which '
i was no less significant of the prevailing con
; fidence in the peaceful outcome than the
strength in stocks. Prices of Americans in
London had risen '-ef ore the opening here,- but |
cabled reports said that this was due ; to buy- j
ing on New York orders. Spanish Government ;
bonds /also showed strength in Paris and Lon
don. Early . reports from Washington " that ;
' Spain had agreed to free *Cuba" for : $200,000,000 j
i Indemnity gave the first p-fwerful upward : im- i
petus to the market. The] underlying convic- ]
tion In financial circles wfi that whatever de- j
mands were made by the /united States = Spain
would accede to them and thus avert , hostili
ties. ■....: -pii wijiiiumi iiiiiftnvffflwawwrtffrrTniff
The bond market was by no means as active
as stocks, but the ■ tone was strong . and ' some
notable gains in prices were ;. scored. : Total ;
sales, $2,425,000. United States" new fours coup
on advanced lVf and do registered 1 bid. : There |
were Hales of the . new • fours coupon •at ; 1 • per j
cent over yesterday's bid orlce and of the fours j
coupon at l ! i over yesterday's bid price. - ;
Total sales -of . stocks to-day •-• were - 561,000
shares, including: -Atchison preferred-; RBCS,--C.
«"f1 O. 5900, ' Burlington 56.342. ?: Louisville and
Nashville 19.520. . Manhattan 33,673. Metropolitan
Street Hallway 21.821, Reading preferred -' .'640,
! i Missouri Pacific ■■. 7500, . Northern Pacific -; 16,520, ■
I Northern Pacific preferred 26.070. L Reading: 3590.-
Rock Island 32.525, -. St. ', Paul 71.116, - Southern
preferred 4689. Union Pacific . 54.320. ?U.:: P. D.
and G. 4250, -American Tobacco 15.420,- People's
Rim 1fi.390. Consolidated <-,*>• i^»n. General Me
tric. RMS. American. Ruear 159,512. V T. C. and ■I.
3190, Western Union EBS9. - ; .
• CLOSING '-■ STOCKS.
Atchison ;.;;.;.:.i'll% St P & 0m:....; " 7»4'
- ; Do pref : ...'::.::'. 27 ■ Do '■ pref .; .. .....; i47«4
Baltimore & Ohio 17 \ ft P M & M.:...: 129
. Canada Pacific;.. 5 62% ISo Pacific .....:."j 14,;:
Secretary.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
Canada Southern. 45% So Railway 8%
Cent Pacific ..... 12 Do pref ' f A?7
Ches & ? Ohio .'. . . ' 19% Texas & '• Pacific. . 10%
Chi & Alton 154 • Union-Pacific .... »
Chi li & Q. ...... .95% U P D & G...... _V>i
Chi & E ill 65 Wabash ... 6*
CCC &St L.... 28Vi Do = pref :...:... 16*
Do pref .... 75 Wheel & L E.... 1$
Del & Hudson ... 108 Do pref ........ »%
Del L & W...... 148% Express Companies-
Den & R G...... ll^i Adams Ex '.. 100
' ' Do pref ......... 45% American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 12% United States ... 39
Do Ist pref .... 35 Wells Fargo ..... 115
Ft Wayne .. IBS Miscellaneous— .
Gt Nor pref .149 A Cot Oil ; 17%
Hocking "Val ..... 0 Do pref ..69-
Illinois Cent .....101 Anin Spirits ; 7%
Lake Erie & W.. 14% Do pref ,17,
Do pref ........ 71 Am Tobacco ..... »B,i
Lake Shore 183 Do pref 115'
Louis & Nash 61 People's Gas ..... 94-
Manhattan L 100% Cons Gas ........ 183
! Met 5tRy. ....... 143% i Com Cable C 0.... 160
i Mich Cent ....... 104% Col F & 1r0n.... 20
Minn & St L.... 25 Do pref ........ 80
Do Ist prof .... 80 Gen Electric 34
! Mo Pacific 27% Illinois -'eel ......47
j Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas .....41%
' Mo X & T.. 11% Lead 31
Do pref 34 Do nref 103
! Chi Ind & L...... 7 Nat Lin Oil ..... 14
Do -ref 23 Or Imp Co .. SO
1 N J Central ..... 94% I Pacific Mail 26%
' N V Central .... 112* I Pullman Pal 177
N V Chi & St L. 12% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist r>ref 63 Stand R & T.... ■■ 3-*
Do 2d pref .... 31 Sugar 120%
Nor West ......... 114 Do pref 103
iNo Amer Co .... 5% T C & 1r0n....... 21%
| No Pacific ....... 24% U S Leather 5%
Do pref 63% Do nref ........ 67%
Ontario & W..... 15y 8 V S Rubber ..... 18
Or R & Nay...... 43 Do »ref 67 *
; Or Short Line .. 30% West Union 87%
: Pittsburg 168 C & N W........ 121
j Reading 17% Do pref 173.
Do Ist pref .... 41% St L & S W ;■' k 4>
Rock Island 87% Do pref .''9%
St L & S F 6% R G W ... -". 23 
Do Ist pref 66 Do pref 54 .
Do 2d pref .... 27V4 C Q W ........... 10%
St Paul 91% Haw com C 0..... 26
Do pref 143 ■
CLOSING BONDS. j
U S new 4s reg.. 122 NJC 5s 112 •■;.
Do coup 122% N Carolina 6s 122%
U 9 4s 109 Do 4s ...100
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 113
Do 2ds 98 Do Ss 60Vt
US 5s reg 111% Do 4s 94%
Do 5s coup .... 111% N V C & S L 45.. 104%
Dist 3. Ban 116 Nor &W 63 119
Ala class A 108% Northwstrn cons. 141
Dp B 108% Do deb 5s ...... 115
Do C ....... 97 " O Nay lets 110
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 92
Atchison 4b 91 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 60 OS Line la tr.... 99%
Can So 2ds 106 O Imp lsts tr.... 106%
Chi Term 4s .... 82V4 Do 5s tr 57%.
C & Ohio 5s 113% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103V4
C H & D 4%s 104% Reading 4s ....... 81%
D & R G lsts.... 108*4, R G W 15t5...... 81
I) & R G 4s 89 IS L 4 I M C ss. 91 ..
East Term lsts.. 105 SL& SF G 6s. 117
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P Con 143
FW & D lsts tr. 69 St PC & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s ..... 100 Do Es 114
GH& S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 90
Do 2ds 101 Stand R& T 65.. 55
H & TC os 109 Term new set 35.. 90
Do con 6s 100 T&P L G lsts.. 100
lowa C Ists 100 Do Rs 2ds 32%
Kan P Con tr.... 105% Wab Ist os ....... NT7V*
X P Ist D D tr.. 120 Do 2ds 78%
La new cons 45.. 102 W Shore 4s 108
L & N Uni 45.... 85% Va Centuries .... 69
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred .... 8
MX & T 2d5.... 61 UP pref 63%
Do 4s 86 UP 4s 92%
N V Central lsts. 115
MINING STOCKS.
Chollaj 40 Ontario 2 50
j Crown Point 23 Ophlr ..„ 65
Con Cal & Va.... 78 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 1 00 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 20 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 130 Sierra Nevada... 170
Homestake ....... 37 00 Standard 1 65
Iron Silver 34 Union Con 40
Mexican 34 i Yellow Jacket .. 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. March 30.— Atchlson, 10%; Tele
phone, 250; Burlington, 95%; Mexican Central,
I 5; Oregon Short Line. 31; San Diego, — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 30.— The Evening Post's
London «, financial cablegram Bays: More
eagles were withdrawn from the Bank of Eng
land to-day for shipment to New York and
the bank has since raised the selling price
by a half penny to 76s Bd. There is a possi
bility also of a rise in the bonk rate soon.
After a dull opening the stock markets here
were practically booming to-day, being led by
Spanish 4s. Americans and Grand Trunk.
There is a tendency here again to buy Amer
icana and prices were above the New York
parity all day. The close in the street was a
trifle under the best.
There was a sharp rise In Kaffirs, first on the
rumors of the dpath of President Kruger then
on reports that the Deutsch Bank declined the
terms of a lojin to the Transvaal Govern
ment. Neither of the reports was confirmed
but the latter was credited in good quarters.
The satisfactory termination of the settle
ment has given fresh heart to the market, but
much liquidation must perforce occur.
Charles Hoare, the banker, died to-day.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 85; Grand Trunk. 8%. Bar
silver, uncertain, at 25 11-16 d per ounce. Money,
2 1 /4<&'2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25.230 barrels; exports, 6441 barrels. Dull, but
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64,760 bushels; exports,
79,968 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, $1 00%
t. o. b. afloat. Options opened firmer on better
cables than expected and was governed all day
by Washington news. Activity among shorts
kept prices well sustained until Just before the
close, when realizing set in and established a
sharp break, final quotations being %c higher
on near but off on late positions. March
closed at 9S%c; May, 98^@99c, closed at 98^c.
HOPS — Steady; State common to choice, 1895
crop 4-5 6c; 1896 crop, 7@'9c; 1597 crop, 17@lSc;
Pacific Coast. 1595 crop, 4<S6c; 1596 crop, S@loc;
1597 crop, l<(gl«c.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS — There was a change for the better
in several departments to-day as regards the
general volume of business, while Copper waa
quoted a shade higher. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIG I RON— Warrants quiet, with $6 70 bid and
$6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $10 SO bid and
$12 asked.
TlN— Steady, with $14 25 bid and $14 35 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 25 bid and $4 35
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $3 72^ bid and $3 77%
asked. The firm that fixes tfie settlint price
for miners and smelters quotes Lead at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options closed firm with a net gain
of 5015 points. Sales, 7000 bass, including
April, $5 10; May, $5 25. Spot Coffee— Rio,
steady: No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. Jobbing, 6^ic;
mild, steady; Cordova, B^@l6c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 9-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; refined, firm; mold
A, 6 7-16 c; standard A, sc; confectioners' A,
sc; cut loaf, 6%c; crushed, 5%c; powdered, 6%c;
granulated, s^c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6215 packages. Very firm;
Western creamery, 15(S19Vic; Elgins, 19V4c; fac
tory, 12<S14i4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 18,836 packages. Steady;
State and Pennsylvania, 10Vi@llc; \« estern,
10i4c; Southern, 10@10V4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 80.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, B@7'4c;
prime wire tray, B%c; wood dried prime, B%c;
choice, BM><£\S%c; fancy, 9@9%0.
PRUNES— 3%@7%c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 6%@70; Moorpark, 8%
(SlOlAc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B(g"9c; peeled, 12@15a
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHTCAGO, March 30.— Wheat displayed some
strength at the start and for about an hour
after there was quite a demand from shorts,
and not a little general buying. Following the
extreme weakness of yesterday's market here,
Liverpool showed surprising strength. It was
said that farmers had even sold trielr seed
Wheat. These were the factors Jn the opening
strength, starting July %c higher at S2V£@B2%c.
For a few minutes the market displayed nerv
ousness, selling between g2%c and B29i@B2V&c.
Then the sharp advance which was taking
place in Wall street stocks and more quieting
reports as to the Cuban situation lent addi
tional strength to the market and started a
quiet buying movement which carried the price
up to 82% c. Here the market again sagged
under realizing by scalpers and some of the
first buyers, but the decline was limited to
about %c. For more than an hour the market
continued nervously within a narrow range un
der the operations of scalpers, but around the
noon hour thf continued strength of Wall
street and rumors of Impending Cabinet
changes Ftlffened the backbone of Wheat hold
ers and resulted In an advance in the price t<s
83V6c Closing prices at Liverpool and Paris
showed substantial advances. May Wheat was
little heard of. It sold at $1 03 shortly after the
opening, but quickly recovered to $1 04 and re
mained at that firure until near the close.
Some July buying by Leiter cut no small fig
ure in the advance in that future to f>3Vie,
though it was not on a large scale. The mar
ket held firm at around that price until the last
half hour, when realizing caused a decline to I
SlTic. The close was S2@B2V&c. May closed at
Com was quiet and steady. May closed a
shade higher.
oats were very quiet, business being mostly
of a scalping nature. May closed %c higher.
Provisions were strong early, but heavy real
izing did away with most of the advance. The
close was steady. May pork unchanged and
May lard and ribs each 2^c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— L ' Open. ■-, High. .; Low. ; Close.
Wheat, No. 2—,;' :-.->=--„• • ...  - ..-,;
May ■:.; ;......104 • 104 103 1 03%
July -- . . ..... ■:. : ■•. 82% ♦.. MH - . 81% :. 82V4
September;.........": 76% : 77% ■ 76$ ' : 76' i
December ::.. ....... 77% 77% 76% 76%
: -- Corn, No. i 2— ; V ; ■:< - ■- ■.. - '-.'■- "■--■-,
May :. ...".. ; ; :..;. :...v£9 .l:-:. JS3\i':- 28% 28%
July L. .:..:....... 30% 30% 30*4 3C»4
September ......... 31% 31% 31% . 31%
Oats, No. 2— - - .
May. ..*.r... ..:;...*.. .25 23%" 25 23
July ........ ..' 23 * 23% 23 .: 23 ..
Mess Pork, , per v ,bl— •■ -• • ' •.-,; . .
May....... -T.V. 940 . 9 52% ' 9 37% 940
July '.-.-,.-.; i. -....:r..9 47% 960 345 '9 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs— '. '
May :  ........4 97% 505 : 4 97% 5 00-a
July ...........' .....5 05 : 6 12% 505 5 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— >
May. .;..-.......:■ -.5 00 5 05 5 00 6 02%
Ju1y. ...... ...." :.5 07%, 510 6 07% 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. • 3 Spring Wheat, 90'§93Vic; No. 2
Red, $1 01V4®l 02'i;-.N0.: 2 Corn, 28%; No. 2
Oats, 25c; No. 2 White, f.0.b.. 29 1 / 4«29»4c; No.
3 White, ■27%6'28%c; No. 2 Rye, 49% c; No. 1
Flax Seed, $1 16;' Prime Timothy Seed. ■ $2 80®
2 S5; : Mess Pork, per bbl, $9 40@9 45; Lard, per
100 lbs, $4 95®4 97%; Short Ribs sides (loose),
$4 Ss<?}s 12 1 Dry - Salted Shoulders : (Boxed), 4%
@4 %c: Short Clear Sides (boxed). .$5 25@5 40;
Whisky, distillers' • finished- goods, per gal,:
$1 19%; Sugars, Cut Loaf, $5 63@5 88; Granu
lated, $5 32Q5 57. . : .. . . : . :' - .
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,' barre15............... 35,000 -- 44,000
Wheat, ■ bushels .............100,000 ' 309,000
Corn, bushels 279.000 - 89,000
Oats, bushels '.;.... ....... 319,000 177.000
Rye. bushels ................ 8.000 10.000
Barley, bushels 43,000 . 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@16%c; dairies,
10%<751Gc. Cheese, quiet; S@S&c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 'Bc. .'
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 124,250 • 15,280
Duluth .....;. 49,584
Milwaukee 11,700 ....:..
Chicago 100,416 309,397
T01ed0........... 10,170 3.100
St. Louis 10,000 4,000
Detroit ........;....•...''.......:.■ 2.466 994
Kansas City.- .......*..... 23,500 •■"- - : 7,000
Totals ....J.1... 332.056 - • 330,771
; Tidewater— . ■ . ./.
Boston :'....'.-!': .'.'.'...':.. 51,676 ' -.' • ;V.*.;.'.
New York .V...-;......;..V 64,758 ; "79,568
Philadelphia .'i 8,274. 86,709
Baltimore .......... .......... 81,531- i
New 'Orleans ...'..............'.'..... ......
Galveston :. 10,450 : ' 21,600
,
.'Totals .........216,689 187,877
. . PARIS FUTURES. „.
Wheat— - f v /r ; ': March. May.
Opening ....64 60 60 40
Closing .......;; ..........64 75 60 20
Flour- • ' •
Opening .....t.........29 00 25 00
Closing ...28 90 27 90
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. "
March. May. July. Sept. I Dec.
Opening 7 10 75 7 *4 66 6 6%
Closing ......711 75% 7% 66% 6 6
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. March CATTLE— Good to
prime fat cattle ruled very, strong and In some
cases 10c higher. Sales of beef steers ■• were
$3 9O<8 1 3 95 for the commonest to , $5@5 40 for
choice to prime shipping cattle, : bulk going for
$4 40555 10. Stockers and feeders, $3 85@>4 85;
calves, $6@6 65, a few sales being made at $4@
6 75. Canning cows, $2 25@3 00; fat heifers, 14 50
@4 75. . ■ - . -..■ . - •■■
HOGS— bulk of the hogs sold at $3 80®
3 90, the commonest heavy packing ' hogs sell
ing at $3 65@3 75, while prime heavy hogs
brought $3 90f/3 92%. -
SHEEP — Prices for sheep and lambs were
strong .at the recent advance. .: Sheep sold
briskly at $4 25@4 80 for . wooled and at $3 60<ij>
4 15' for shorn, rams selling at $3@4 and goats
at 13 45; yearling sheep brought $4 75@5 10,
shorn going at $4 50. Shorn lambs, $4 50<g5; un
shorn, $556, Colorados selling freely at $5 Ss@6.
Receipts— 12,000; hogs, .24,000; sheep,
16,000. .b ' '.- ,*"
DENVER.
DENVER, March 30.— Receipts.
300; steady tp firm; beef steers, -$3 60@4 50;
cows, J3(g!3 85; feeders, freight paid to river
$4^4 40; stockers, do, $4@4 70; bulls and stags,
$2 25@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 600. Market steady to
strong: light packers. IS 70@3 75; mixed, $3 653
3 70; heavy, $3 60@3 72U. ■ . . ,:
SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market steady; good
fat. muttons, $3@4 25; lambs, $4 25@5 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4700.
Strong. 6<S>loo higher; native beef steers, $4<S>
5 10; Western steers, $3 75<fj'4 75; Texas steers,
$3 2i:ii 4 25: cows and heifers, $3 20@4 20; can
ners, ?2 25@3; stockers and feeders, $3 V><<s
5 10; calves, $4 25'§7; bulls and stags, $2 60®3 70
HOGS— Receipts, 7300. Market lower: heavy
$3 00^ 3 72Vj>: mixed. $3 i;o#3 65; light, $3 5M?3 63;
bulk of sales, $3 60..:! 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000. Market steady;
fair to choice natives, $3 So@4 85; fair to
choice Westerns, $3 6'i''i4 65; common and stock
sheep, $3@4; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
' KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, • March 30.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 6700. Market . active, E@loc higher,
though' the general ' quality was not as good
as yesterday. 'Native fed steers, $4 45@5; West
erns, $4@4 90; native cows and heifers, $2 73
@i 45; stockers , ' and feeders, $3 75@5. i tk a
HOGS— Receipts,, official, 14,900. i Market
steady to as. lowwr^BaHj ■• of sales, $3 60@3 60;
heavies and packer*, ' $3 5503 70; mixed,' $3 50
©3(55; lights, Is 3 45@3 60 ; • pigs, $3 204? 3 60.- •
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 5400. Market ac
tive at recent advance; muttons, largely $4 25
@4 60; Western lambs, $1 50©-5 60; spring lambs,
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 3a— The American Wool
and Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of
the wool market: The wool market has been
so quiet that it may almost be said that there
has been no market. It looks at present, how
ever, as if a turn for the better has taken
place in our foreign relations, and that the
market would not experience such dullness as
has lately characterized It. Much of the dull
ness in the trade may be attributed to the
state of the money market. Very few manu
facturers have been seen in the market. An
other cause for the dullness is believed to be
the increased use of cotton, shoddy and other
substitutes.
The London sales report heavy buying by
France and Germany at advancing prices. No
sales have been made as yet for American ac
count. Prices' are almost purely nominal.
Practically no one cares to buy at the ex
isting quotations, but on the other hand scarce
ly any one will make any concessions.
The sales of the «oveek amount to 293,000
pounds domestic and 60.000 pounds foreign,
making a total of 3n3.000 against a total of
1.299,500 for the previous week, and a total of
12,839,500 for the corresponding week last year.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. March . 20.— The offerings at the
■wool j auction sales , to-day aggregated '.. 12,435
bales, and indicated a good selection of scoured
merinos, the i bulk of '.•which was taken by the
Continent. Following are the sales In detail:
New South . Wales. . 3300 bales ; scoured 10% d
@ls 9V4d; greasy, 6d<®Ud.: - :.,.».,;-..
. Queensland, 1800 bales; scoured. Is %d@ls 4d;
greasy, 6%dSlod. v -.-•■■■"'- ; -
Victoria. 2100 \ bales; scoured, Is 3d ©Is 4%d'
greasy. C%dtf/ls %d. ■■- .': -. ...
. South ■ Australia, 1600 bales; scoured, la 2d(S
is 4d; • greasy, 6%d@lo^d. ■
New Zealand, . 2300 • bales; scoured, 8d@10d;
greasy, . 6d©9V&d. . •■■^feBSSafMKMnSJNMM
Cape of Good ' Hope and Natal, 600 bales;
scoured. Is l^d; greasy,' sV>d'(3 7y.d.
Punta Arenas, 800 bales; greasy, 7%d@7sid.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 30.— Consols, ill 1-160111%;
Silver. 25 11-lCd; French Rentes, 103.35.
LIVERPOOL., March 30.— Wheat, firm; No 1
standard California Wheat, 37s lOUd; cargoes
Walla Walla Wheat, 36s l^d : cargoes off coast,
nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; English country markets, generally 6d
dearer; French country markets, steady; Wheat
in Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSE.
CORN— Futures steady; March, Ss %d; May
3s lMid. .*
HOPS^-At London— Pacific Coast. £3@4.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 30.— Wheat, firm; Walla
Walla, 77c; valley and blue stem, 80c bushel.
Cleared— German ship Peter Rickmers, for
Queenstown, with 163,754 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 30.— Wheat closed:
No. 1 club, 76#77c; No. 1 blue stem, 7U©Boc
buahel.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— To-day 1 s state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows'
Available cash balance, $224,595,743; gold re
serve, $173, l. r >S.BB6. __^
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 30.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling. 6 3-16.
NEW ORLEANS. March 80.— COTTON—
Firm; middlings. 5 9-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, March 30.— Exchanges, $229,891;
balances, $65,139. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81>4
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84\4
Sterling Cables — 4 85Vj
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — BSH
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — Spot prices continue to advance
under the influence of the dry weather, but fu
tures show no change of note.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 46%
for No. 1, $1 47% for choice and {1 50@l 55
per ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. fl 40ts; May— SOW, *1 47%; 2000, $1 47H;
2000. $1 47U. ; ' -^
-f Second . Session— December— 2B,ooo ctls, 40%;
10,000, $1 40»4: ■ May— 6ooo,- $1 47; , 2000, $1 46%. ££■
Regular ? Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 39%; 4000, $1 40%; 30,000, $1 4U; May— 4ooo,
$1 4694.
- Afternoon December— lo,ooo • . ctl«,
$1 40; 8000/ $1 40%; 28,000/ $1 40%. V.'.
BARLEY— Futures dropped back * somewhat,
but / the ;•■ spot market was . steady . and ; un
changed. ■ •
Feed. $1 -18%@1 22%; Brewing nominal at
$1 25@1 30.
■•. . ■ : _:' CALL , BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales. -
- Second • Session— December— Booo ctls, -$1 19%;
2009, $1 20; 4000, $1 19%. ■ -
- Regular Morning Session— sales.
Afternoon Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 20%; 2000,
$1 20%; 2000, $1 20."
. OATS— Are quiet and steady at ; the advance. ,
• Fancy Feed, $1 32Vi'S'l 35 per ctl ; good to
choice. ■ $1 ■■ 27H®1 32V. common, $1 22V4«H 27%:
Surprise. ■ $1 30@l 37 % ; . gray, ■ $1 • 22%® 1 27%;
milling, $1 25@1 30 per ctl. 7 «
CORN— The market continues flat and un
changed. ■ - :-.■■ * - - •' " .". '
Small round yellow, $1 10@l 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 06%©l 10; white, $1 10@l 12%.
. RYE— JI lf.fiU J7H> per ctl -
■ BUCKWHEAT— $1 75if?l 90 per Ctl.
FLOUR AND 1 MILLSTUFFS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; R'-e Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. $5 7r>; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
Cnrnmeal, $3; Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 10fj3 30- Buckwheat Flour. $4:
Cranked Wheat, 13 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 2.V Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
(@\" 65; In sacks, $5 05<g5 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are higher again. There
Is no change In Hay, which Is steady.
URAN- sl7 s(KrflS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I 50<iT23 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley. $25 @ 28 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23 50*r29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Coooanut Cake, $21 50^22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23©
21: Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed.
$17 <a IS.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $19<f»
23 50; Wheat and O a t, $18 50W12 50; Oat, $17 M®
19 50: Barley. $17!f?19; compressed Wheat. $19<^
22: compressed Oat, $1K^?1S; Alfalfa, $11@13;
stock, $12iffl3; Clover, $13«?14.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per hale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market continues flat and un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, *2 75@2 90; Email Whites,
$1 45rt?l 55; Large ' 'liites, $1 40®l 55; Pinks,
$2 40@2 50; Reds, $2®2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 60:
Butters. $1 40W1 60; I.inms. $2f12 12^; Pea, |1 40
m 55: Red Kidneys. $1 8:>«2 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75@3 per cU;
Yellow Mustard. $2*52 50: Flax. $2 35; Canary
Be.?d, 2%<ff2%c per lb: Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
2fi2\c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy, 5V4c.
DRIED— PEAS— NiIes, $1 60<gl S5; Green, U 75
©2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for a-11 kinds Is steady at un
changed quotations as a rule.
The Bouldln Island cannery has started up
on Asparagus, which diminishes the receipts
from that quarter.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 50(g65c: River Reds.
50Q56c; River Hurbanks, f.of?i6ttc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanka, "•<"f7 9flc; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
©60c; Sweet Potatoes. 7ric@sl for Merced; new
Potatoes, l'^'R2Vic per lb.
ONIONS — Choice, $2 35® 2 75; common, $1 75@
2 25 per ctl; cut Onions. 50f $1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 737 boxes As
paragus, 451 boxes Rhubarb and 514 sks Peas.
Asparagus, r.^6c per lb for fancy. $1 75®2 25
per box for No. 1. $I@l 50 for No. 2; Rhu
barb, 6."cSsl per box; Alameda Green Peas
2'(12 1 .*.c per lb; Dried Peppers. 6®7c per lb:Drled
Okra, 12Hc; Cabbage, 6OfJJ7Sc per ctl; Carrots.
25'<«60c per sack: Garlic, SJKVfcO per lb; Cucum
bers, 50c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 18918 c; granulated raw,
13.-; Onions, 60c: Carrots", old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Prices for all descriptions range about the
same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2o for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12J?14c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25<gl 75; Gos
lings, $2 25<g2 75; Ducks. $4®5 for old and $7®
8 50 for younai Hens, $3@4: Roosters, young,
$7 50(ff8 50; Rbdlters, old, $3 50^5 4; Fryers, $6 50
@7; "Broilers, |5 50<?fS SO for large, $3®4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75<S 1 2 25 per dozen for young
and $1 2fi{il 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Orders for the north and packing In ■ the
country keep Butter steady. Eggs show a
slight Improvement In store descriptions.
BUTTER— - \ - '.'■- '..&■??'
Creamery— Fancy ... creameries, : J 18@19c; sec
onds, i6&n%c ■ -^w^sssmi ■•■ - : •-•
; Dairy — Choice to ' fancy, 16@17%c; second
grades.' ' 16@15c - per.. Ib. - . : .
Eastern- — Imitation creamery, 16@16%c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb. ■
CHEESES— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 7%@fi^c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America. lOfg'llc; Western, ll@12c;
Eastern, 12^<^13V4c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, 14@15c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@14c. - -
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
At auction Navel Oranges sold at 80c@$l 70,
Ruby Bloods at 70c@$l 30, and Lemons at So@
35e.
The market for Citrus Fruit remains dull
and unchanged.
PECIDI'OUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 20@50c per basket; Apples, 40®
50<; per box for common, 75c@$l for good to
choice and $1 2051 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 25; Seedlings, 50c(tJ$l; Tangerines, 35@40c for
small boxes; Lemons, 50*5 750 for common and
$I^l 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50: California Limes, in small boxes, 40^
50<-; Bananas. $1 23tfi? "5 per bunch; Pineapples.
$3f5"4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Nothing new to report.
. DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 3%@
4#c - for . 40-50* s, , BVi@S%c for 50-60' s,' 2%@3!&c
for 60-70's. 2%<82%c for 70-80* b, 1%@2!4c for 80
90' lViSl^io for 90-100' s; Peaches, 2%@4c;
fancy, 4H@sc: peeled,, 10@12«4c; Apricots, s@6c
lor Royals and 7@7Hc for goocj to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%fg7<4c; sun-dried,
4© sc ; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2>4c; Plums, ,
4%@4%c for pitted and l@l»4c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, 6@s^c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; " Pears, ; 2Uig > 4V6e for quarters
and Si^aVic for halves, according to color, etc. I
, RAISINS— IH@2c for two-crown, Sc for three
crown, 3%c for ', four-crown, 4Vic for . Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and . $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2>£c.
' Chestnuts are - quotable ■ at 8c per
lb Walnuts, f>(iT6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, ' 2%'?j'3«.c for hardsHell, s@6c
for Boftshell and 7-?fSc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@5%0 -for ■' Eastern and 4^c for California;
Pecans. «V..fTßc; Filberts. S'yT'lOc; Brazil Nuts.
B®9o per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 BOigS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, KffilOc for bright and s@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 4}i@
sc; light amber extracted. 3&@4%c per lb. ■
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, , 9%c per lb for ;
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12Hc for sugar-cured;
Eastern ;" sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c ; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; . extra
"Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $11<??12; Salt Pork,
$9- extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, U@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound " and 7c . for pure; pails.- 7%c;
California tierces. 6^c per -lb for . compound
and 6Vic for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7Vfec: 5-lb tins, Be. • •-* v - . ■
, OOTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
lr-'H than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case,:B%c;'
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case," B\ic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20 ;
lbs net, 7%c: fancy. tubs, 80 lbs net,'7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7',4c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell !
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@»V4c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9%c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, 16@16V4c; culls and brands, 13@13V£t; .
dry Kip and Veal, 13%@14Hc; dry Calf, 17Vi«j>
19'4c; culls, 16c: Goatskins, 30(g37c each; Kids,
sigloc; Deerskins, good summer, 25i&30e per lb,
nWtum, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
llr.gs 20<ff30o each; short wool, 40'g70c each;
m.'ilium, 70(5'90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@"3He per lb; No.
2 2fff2V4c; refined. Be; Grease, 2ff?2Hc
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c: Southern Mountain, flrffllo; free Northern.
12<i»13r: Northern, defective, Oiffllc per lb.
HOPS— I*96 crop, 2(g6c for poor to fair and
8610 c for good: 1897 crop. ll@l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs were demoralized and some packers
have reduced their bids to 4%c for the very
best. Beef is firm at the quotations. Mutton
and Lamb are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from ■
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6>*@7c: second quality,
6V:''; 6c: third quality, 4@50 per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6fj'6V&c; small, 7@7<4c per lb. .
MI'TTOX- Wethers, 9c: Ewes, B%®9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10®lle per lb.
PORK— lflve Hogs, 4c for large, 400(0 for
small and 4\4^4^3C for medium; stock Hogs,
2?t(&3c; dressed Hogs, sH^6%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bugs, nominal; San Quentln, $3 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle. ?6 30; Bryant, ?6 60; Cooa Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend. $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland.
$10 in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, fi*ic; Powdered, 6^4e; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confection"-'-" A, o%c; Mag
nolia A, 514 c: Extra C, 5Hc; Golden C, sc;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, s?fcc per
lb: half barrels, %c more than barrels, and
boxes more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, March 30.
Flour, qr sks ... 13,048 Wool, bales 444
Wheat, ctls 55,504 Exgs, doz 18,390
Barley, ctls 1,015 1 Pelts, bdls 2,629
Cheese, ctls 236 Hides, no 159
Butter, ctls 578 Lime, bbls 81
Potatoes, sks ... 911 1 Leather, rolls ... 49
Bran, sks 1,590 Lumber, ft 30.000
Middlings, sks .. 650 Wine, gals 57,300
Hay, tons 196 Powder, bxs .... 61
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 280! Oats, ctls 2,220
Barley, ctls 1,040!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firmer and Sierra Nevada
rose to $2, carrying the others up with it,
though not so sharply.
Local securities on the Bond Exchange
showed no changes worthy of remark.
Semi-annual dividends will be paid on the Ist
of April by the following bonds:
Geary Street Railway 5s $ 16,775
Hawaiian Commercial 5s 17.289
Northern Railway California 5s 118.775
Omnibus Cable 6s 60,000
S. P. Railway California 6s 917.325
S. P. Branch Railway California 65.. 107,340
Valley Rah. cad (interest) 29,250
Total $1, 266. 754
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: During the past week the
winze started at the face of the southeast
drift has been sunk 12 feet, making . its total
depth 25 feet. The rich streak of ore men
tioned In the last weekly letter still showß on
the south side of the winze and gives an aver
age assay of $433 08 per ton. The other streak
of ore Is a foot wide in the bottom and extends
across the winze. The average assay of this
ore Is $36 95 per ton. Work In this winze has
been much hindered and delayed by a strong
flow of water, and unless this flow abates wt
will discontinue work in the winie temporarily
until the water drains off. During the week
we have hoisted five tons of ore, the average
car sample assay of which was $48 25 per ton.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode, on the 130-foot level, the
main west drift has been cleaned out and re
paired a distance of 16 feet; total length, 457
feet. Brunswick lode— The main north drift.
600 level, was advanced 15 feet; total length,
351 feet; face in porphyry and seams of low
grade quartz. Incline shaft No. 1 haa been
sunk a distance of 16 feet; total d«ftth, 1156
feet; bottom In porphyry.
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past
week amounted to 6 mining car loads of ore.
the average assay value of which was $25 49
per ton. Bullion returns have not yet been
received from the Brunswick mill. The aver
age battery sample so far is $19 53 per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the pasi
week amounted to six car loads of ore, of the
average assay value of $20 80 per ton. This
ore was extracted from the workings above
the north drift on the 900-foot level. There is
no change In the condition of the mine.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
WEDNESDAY, March 30—2 p. m.
.LJid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Ga».. 44 46
4s quar coup.. lll — Pac Gas Imp.. 87% 88
4s quar reg..H2»4 — Pac L. Co 53% 5414
4s quar new.. 122 — S F G & E.. SS\ —
Miscellaneous — . San Fran 3% 394
Cal-st Cab 55.114%118 Stock Gas 13 —
Cal El 6s 126% — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 102^4 Firem's Fund. — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 12S«i Anglo. Jal ...,.60 65
F & Ch Ry 6s — 113% Bank of Ca1..^45 248
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD& T. — 104
HC & S 514.. 100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ..130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65..126V5127% Nev Nat 8...150 157%
Do Ist M 55. 113^11-1 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist— 97% Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 75.102T4 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 11 l — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 103 — S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 65. 104% — S & L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 53.101 — Secuntv « B 250 —
N Cal Ily os.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad —
Do 2d is 5».. — 112 California ....107%109
Om Ry 6s 125V4129 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52% 53
P&ChRy 6s — 112 Prrsicao 5 7
Powell-st 6s ..117 120 Powder-
Reno WL&L...100 — California ....120 150
Sac Blecßy&o.JMttlO6% E Dynamlta... 85 —
SF& N P 55.105V4106 Giant Con Co. 41% 42
S P of Ar 65..103%104% Vlgortt. 2% 3
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. 96 97%
S PBr 6s 114%115 Ger Ld Wk5..102% —
S V Wai 68.. .11^117 Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... 102% 103^4 H C & S Co.. 27% 28
Stock Gas 65.. — 10314 Hutch S P C 0. .44% 45
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 55 61 Xat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56% —
Spring Va1....100 100% Pac A F L.. 1% 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 98 —
Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 6% —
MEL. Co 12% 1314
Morning Session.
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 00
195 do do 27 25
35 Hutchinson S P Co 44 50
$4000 S P Branch Ry Bonds US 00
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 105 75
5 Spring Valley Water 100 00
5 Market-street Railway 62 50
6S F Gas & Electric Co 8S 00
Afternoon Session.
145 Spring Valley Water 100 25
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 25
10 do do 88 50
20 do do 88 73
75 Market-street Railway 52 50
25 do do 62 62%
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 87%
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 50
50 do do 27 7"
35 Pacific Gas Imp 87 50
$1S 000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 105 75
$3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 44 73
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
•»5 Hutchinson 8 P Co. b 10 44 mi
10 do do 44 00
15 do do b 10 44 37V&
25 Market-street Ry Co 62 50
Street—
10 Hawaiian C & S Co 27 00
25 Central Light & Power 8 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 44 00
Afternoon Session.
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
B0 Giant Powder 41 50
40 Hawaiian C & S Co 27 12V&
Street—
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 27 00
40 do do 27 12*4
15 Market-street Ry Co 52 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the eaies in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 32 ! 100 Justice 24
500 Bullion 07 600 Mexican 33
50 Challenge 30 200 Ophlr 74
100 Chollar 45 HX) Sierra Nevada.. 1 85
200 Gould & Curry.. 23 400 190
300 24 20 i 180
700 Hale ft Norcrs..l 45 200 Union Con 45
Afternoon Session.
60 Andes 13 150 40
200 Belcher 22 50 41
100 Best & Belcher. 33 300 Ophr 76
300 Chollar 4S 300 Potosl 43
300 Con Cal & Va.. 85 200 Savage 2R
200 Crown Point ... 24 50 27
100 Gould & Curry.. 26 500 Sierra Nevada.. 2 00
300 25 700 Union Con 48
800 Hale & Norcrs..l 50 300 Utah 12
600 Justice 27 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
300 Mexican 39
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 20 100 Ophlr 7»
200 Best & Belcher. 32 500 ;...;.. 74
300 Bullion 07 50 Sierra Nevada.. 185
1200 Chollar 47 100 187 V*
200 Con Cal & Va.. 82 300 195
200 Gould & Curry.. 24 3no 200
200..... 25 300 Union Con 44
400 Hale & Norcrs..l 45 1 300 45
150 Justice 24 j 600 46
400 Mexican 3S .'OO Utah 11
200 39 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 17 1100 Mexican 40
200 Andes 12 200 38
600 Best & Belcher. 34 200 Ophir 7«
200 35 400 77
600 Chollar 47 200 75
S(K) r!? 48 4CO Potosl 43
400 Con Cal & Va.. 83 200 42
400 84 300 Savage 28
300 85 1350 Sierra Nevada. 2 00
sno Gould & Curry-- 25 400 1 97>*
400 Hale & Norc»»..l 55 450 ;.l 95
200 150 200 1 92^
500 Julia 03 500 Union Con 47
300 Justice 24| 400 43
450 251500... 46
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Julia 01 03
Alta ... 17 18 Justice 26 28
Andes 12 13 ttentuck 02 04
Belcher 21 22 1 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con .. — 25 ' Mexican 38 39
Best & Belchr. 32 S3 Occidental 2702 75
07 08 Ophir 74 75
X'aledonia 24 25 Overman 01 10
Chollar 46 47 Potoal 42 43
Con Cal & Va. 83 84 Savage 24 26
Challenge Con. 28 30 Seg Belcher ..03 04
Confidence 69 — Scorpion 05 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 90 195
Crown Point... 23 24 Silver Hill 02 —
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate — 05
Eureka — 25 Str^jdard 160 165
Exchequer — 06 UnTn* Con 46 47
Gould & Curry. 26 26 Utah 11 12
Hale & Norcrß.l 45 150 Yellow Jacket. 25 2$
THE CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1S9S.
Moi
i
c
Mar. 14.
15
17
IS
21
"aT
l»
24
SI
26
Mar. 22.
29
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Unltod States Hydrographia
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, 1*
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corlially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the bufldinp on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegTaphtc signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time tr giving the error, If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon
J tapers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ng day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of Uda is the same at both places.
MABCH-lsaS.
Thursday. March 81.
5unri5e5............ 6:61
Sun sets • ■„-.»-. . 6:31
Moon 5et5......;...'. .."... :..... ;....2:lG a.m.-
!TlEs|peet Tlniej PpAt |Tlme|
IL Wl H W 'L Wi
'Feet
4.1
4.2
4.4
4.«
l:3fi
2:21
3:02
1.1
4:10
4:4«
•5-.n
11:19
12:13|
. 4.9
4.7
4:
4:-
5:!
J.T
2.1
11-:59
11:34
NOTE— in the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tho It ft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Ths
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of tli-- lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
nomer
Mackinaw
Zealandla
Valencia
Humboldt.
Coos Bay
State or cat...
UmatiJla ... .-
P0m0na.........
Burma
Arcata ....
Crescent City..
Orizaba
Coiumma.......
North Fore...
Weeott ....... •
A1ameda........
Santa Rosa
Humbodlt.... .. -. 'Mar SI
Tacoma : Mar 31
Honolulu. Mar «l
Alaska j Apr 1
Alaska Apr 1
Newport lApr 1
Portland Apr =1
Victoria & Pusret Sna. .... Apr* T
San iueg-0...... ..••- Apr 3
Nanaimo - Apr 3
Coos Bay - Apr 3
Crescent City..". Apr ♦
Mexico ~ Apr. 4.
P0rt1and.........; Apr. 6
HumDOldt...... Apr 5
Humboiat Apr «
5ydney..;........:... Apr «
San l)le<ro .:..:..::...... Apr 7
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
n Fork I Humboidt I Mar 31. 9am I Pier 2
>tt JHumbldt Bay. |Apr 1, 9am Pier U
i Kosa San Die*o.... Apr 1.11 am I Pier U
boldt. Alaska. Apr 1,
h Wlla Vie 4 P Sound ! Apr 1. 10 am i Pier 9
er iHumbolat.... Apr 2.IUAMiPi«r 9
.c China & Japan Apr 2. 1 PMJPM SS
Bay.. Newport Apr 3. 9am Pier ll
ofCal Portland Apr 3. 1(1 am Pier M
ncla... Alaska Apr 3,12 m
ta Cooh Bay Apr 5. 10 AM|Piar U
jna.... SauDieifo.... Apr 5. 11 Ate Pier 11
tllla . . Vie & Psrt Sud Apr 8. 10 am Pier 9
ir.dla.. Honolulu I Apr 6 JlO AM Pier 7
:noi:i.. IPortlana iApr 8. 10 am Pi«r '.'»
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. March
30, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
AVednesday. Marck 80.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 40* hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61*4 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, — hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 57 hours from
Newport, bound to Fort Bragg; put tn for fuel.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, — hours from Port
land, via Astoria 65 hours.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Williams, 26 days
from Hilo.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 22 hours fDom
Fort Bragg.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 30 hours frm Bowens
Landing.
Schr Volant, Krog, 5 days from Astoria.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Neptune, Kstvold, 26 hours from Usal.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March SO.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel-
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunrmuir's Sons Co.
Haw stmr Alexan ler, TUton, Petropaulovski ;
V Liebes & Co.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, KarUiKi AlasTca
Packers' Assn.
Schr Cze.r, Kutman, Mazatlan; V>m Olsen.
SAILED.
Wednesday. March 30.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Columbia. Gondall, Astoria.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, Pan Pedro.
S'llp Spartan, Polite. Seattle.
Ship Kenilmorth. Baker, Hilo.
Br ship Benares. Jamps. Liverpool.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule, Honolulu.
Sohr Lila and Mattie, Linbridge, CojuJlT*
River.
Srhr Defender, Hellingsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen. Willapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The George C Perkins loads mdse for Kahu
lui.
The Alice Cooke loads lumber on the Sound
for Honolulu; Lucile, coal at Seattle for this
port.
Mar 28—50 N 9 W, Br ship Clan Macfarlane.
from Liverpool for fan Francisco.
Jan 21—53 S 55 W, Br ship Sierra Nevada, fm
Tacoma for Queonstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Mar 29— Schr Nettle
Sundborg hence Mar 25.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 29— Stmrs Humboldt
and Valencia, for Pan Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 30— Schr Spo
kane, hence Mar 19; schr Okanogan. he Mar 16.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 30— Schr Chas E
Falk, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar 30— Schr
Queen, hence Mar 16.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 30— Schr I\oko
mis. from San Pedro.
CASPAR— Arrived Mar 30— Stmr Jewel, from
San Pedro.
HUENF.ME- Sailed Mar 30— Schr Sailor Boy,
for : stmr Westport, for San Francisco.
PORT- TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar 30— Bktn
Portland, from Salaverry.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 27— Schr Wm Ren
ton, from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Mar 27— Schr J
D Tallant. for San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Mar 30— Schr La Glronde.
for Grays Harbor.
POINT REYES— Passed Mar 30— Haw ship
Fort George, from Departure Bay for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar 29— Schr
Newark, hence Mar 28.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Mar 30— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Eureka.
EUREKA- Sailed Mar 30— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco. ■
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Mar 80— Stmr
Whitesboro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar 30 at 6 a m— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 3ft^Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Pallfd Mar 30— Stmr Alcazar.
Arrived Mar 30— Schr Eclipse, from Eureka.
• EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 29— Stmr AUlanca,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Mar 30— Stmr Finance, fm
New York.
MlSTLEY— Arrived Mar 29— Br ship Loch
Linnhe. hence Nov 6. •
BORDEAUX— Arrived Mar 25— Br ship Eden
ballymore, from Oregon.
SANTA ROSALlA— ArrlvedMar 19— Ger bark
Antuca, from Hamburg; will discharge and
proceed to Port Angeles to load lumber for
Guayaquil or west coast. _
Sailed Mar 24— Schr Compeer, for Guayma*.
To sail April 20— Br ship Star of Bengal, for
San Francisco. . . __
VANCOUVER— Arrived Mar 26— Br Ship T»
mar, hence Mar 11.
2122
KOTZEBUE
RICHER THAN
KLONDIKE
A Miner Says It Is "the
Richest Spot on
Earth."
Took Out Fifty Thousand
Dollars in Nuggets in
Ten Days.
News of the Wonderful Find
Reached Here by Letter
Yesterday.
POSTAGE ON IT WAS $SO.
The New El Dorado Is Entirely
on American Terri
tory.
The first authentic news from the
Kotzebue Sound gold fields reached San
Francisco yesterday. It was written
at Rampart City last November, and
has thus taken over four months to get
here. It is from John Ross to J. A. Ral
ston of this city. The latter gentleman
has spent years in the Kotzebue Sound
country, and many a big hunt has he
had on the Kowak River. As the result
of one expedition he and his compan
ions secured the skins of 162 deer. Yet
he never dreamed of the untold millions
hid in its streams.
Mr. Ralston is well known In this
city, and numbers among his friends
Howard M. Hough, president of the
Union Fish Company; A. H. Herriman
of Herriman & Mills; Lawrence E. Noo
nan, president of the Lynde & Hough
Company, and Lieutenant George M.
'Stoney. whom he met cm several occa
sions when the latter was surveying
the Kotzebue Sound country- Ross, the
gold hunter who wrote the accompany
ing letter, is under many obligations to
Mr. Ralston, and naturally he sent him
the first news of his discovery. The
two men mentioned in the letter
reached Seattle some months ago, but
their little sack of $25,000 cut very little
figure when compared with the hun
dreds of thousands that were coming
from the Klondike.
Rumors of the wealth of the Kotze
bue Sound district have reached here
at different times, but nothing so defin
ite or startling as the present commu
nication. When Captain Cogan was on
his way back from the Arctic on the
"RICHEST SPOT ON EARTH"
Fac-simile of a Portion of the Letter Sent by John Ross
From Rampart City to J. (\. Ralston of This City.
steam whaler Thrasher he anchored in
Kotzebue Sound, and on his return
here traces of gold were found in the
mud on the anchor. The genial old
whaler also brought back some nug
gets with him which he had secured
from the natives. The Esquimaux told
him that they had secured the speci
mens a long way up the Kowak River,
and it was so plentiful that they could
scrape It up with a paddle.
In his letter Ross says:
"Two days after they left (pros
pectors who reached Seattle last Jan
uary) a native who had been further
up the stream hunting deer came
back with plenty of fresh meat and
a nugget that will weigh not less
than twenty ounces. I gave him tbe
last plug of tobacco I had for it. I
hated to part with the last plug, for
gold was more plenty now than to
bacco. We went on up the Creek.
The native led the way to a small
riffle, where he had found it, and we
commenced to work and found it in
such quantities as to make us almost
crazy, often getting ten ounces to the
pan. In ten days we washed out
$50,000."
Ross warns his friend to keep the mat
ter quiet, but in view of the fact that
seven or eight vessels are already on
the berth for Kotzebue Sound and more
are ready to follow, he came to the
conclusion that there was nothing to
be gained by keeping the matter secret.
Over a thousand gold-hunters have al
ready secured their passage on various
sailing vessels bound for the Kowak
River, and they will reach the new gold
fields Just as speedily as Messrs. Rals
ton* and Ross. In fact they will all ar
rive on the ground together, as Mr.
Ralston will go to St. Michael on the
first steamer to rejoin his friend, and
the barkentine Jane A. Falkinberg will
call at that place for them on her way
to Kotzebue Sound.
All of the eight sailing vessels bound
north are taking away stern-wheel
steamers, so, as before stated, all will
reach the head waters of the Kowak
River about the same time. Ross' let
ter to Mr. Ralston is as follows:
RAMPART CITY. November 16, 1597.
Friend Ralston: You will be surprised
if this letter reaches you. Remember
when I left you at St. Michael on the
27th of last June. You were bound for
Dawson, and all those at St. Michel
were very much excited when Clarence
Berry arrived there from Dawson with
so much dust. You left on the Bella on
the 28th of June, and on the following day
I left with the natives in a skin boat for
Port Clarence, that being as far as I
could induce the natives to go. From
there I got another native with a skin
boat to take me to Kotzebue Sound, but
I could not induce nim to go up the river
unless I gave him whisky. Not having
the requisite I was obliged to look for
some one else. Not having much trade in
their line, I was finally obliged to give
them what tobacco I had for our own use.
Jack Hayes had a gallon of alcohol and
some drugs, and with this we made about
four gallons of whisky. With this we
finally induced the natives to continue up
the Kufctick (.Kowak) River, as far as we
wanted to go.
Our original intention was to go as far
as Fort Cosmos, but before we got there
the Indians told us two white men had
gone up before us and were on a small
stream where they were getting plenty of
gold. We thought this too good to be
true, but concluded to follow on around
to where they were. Imagine our surprise
to find them with not less than $25,000,
which they had taken out in fifteen days.
The mosquitoes were nearly hell, and as
we had not much provisions, we started
in to do our best. Our fondest hopes were
more than realized, and in twenty days
we cleaned up with I should think about
$50,000.
This was about August 20, and our
two friends were thinking of coming
down the river in the hopes of getting to
St. Michael before the last boat would
leave for San Francisco. They started,
but we concluded to stay ten days longer
and take our chances in getting out. Two
days after they left a native who had
been further up the stream hunting deer
came back with plenty of fresh meat and
a nugget that will weigh not less than
twenty ounces. I gave him the last plug
of tobacco I had for it. I hated to part
with the last plug, for gold was more
plenty now than tobacco. We went on up.
the creek. The native led the way to a
small riffle where he fnunu it, ami wo
commenced work and found it in such
quantities as to make us almost crazy,
often getting ten ounces to the pan. In
ten days we washed out $50,000. Oh, how
we hated to leave. We had only fifty
pounds of flour left, and very little tea
or sugar, so we started down to the
mouth of the river, and when we got
there the weather was getting cold. Ice
was making fast in the Kubuck, and the
natives told us we couiv* not go down un
til it froze up. They also told us that it
was as near to go to the Yukon, as to the
mouth of the river, and they agreed to go
with us if we gave them some tobacco
and whisky when we reached the Yukon.
Here we stayed with them until October
15, when we started coming by the way
of Zanes Pass and reaching Mulatto after
fifteen days" traveling. There we got some
flour and a little tea from a half-breed
trader, and I also got some tobacco for
the natives, but no whisky. The natives
would not go any further, so I stayed
there until November 10, when hearing
that there were plenty of supplies at
Rampart City we started for this place,
which we reached in five days.
Skink Miller told me you went down
the river on the J. J. Healey. so I sup
pose you are in San Francisco now. I
Jbojie so and I Jaojy© this letter will reach
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1898.
you. I intend to stop here until the riv.er
opens and then go down to bt. Michael
and purchase supplies from the Commer
cial Company, or else go to San Fran
cisco. I have plenty of dust now to
charter a vessel with and take back all
the supplies I want. If you should re
ceive this letter wait in the city until I
arrive, as I will be down on the first boat
from St. Michael, and we will return as
soon as we can charter a boat and pur
chase supplies.
Hoping this will reach you, I send it
with the mail that is going to leave here
to-morrow. I am paying $50 postage on
it, but that is nothing, as I have better
ground than any on the Klondike, as you
will say when you Bee it. Kotzebue is
the richest spot on earth.
Hoping this will find you all well, I re
main, your friend, JOHN ROSS.
In talking about the Kotzebue Sound
country yesterday Mr. Ralston said:
"There need never be any fear of a
famine there, as deer are plentiful and
fish can be caught in abundance all the
year round. In winter you can break a
hole In the ice and catch enough salmon
and trout for a meal in ten minutes.
Ross is right about the mosquitoes.
They are something awful, and the only
thing that will withstand them is a
closely woven wire mask. Just fancy
my tramping and hunting over that
country for years and never finding an
ounce of gold. The Kowak River is far
easier to navigate than the Yukon, and
there Is all the timber that will be
wanted for a generation on its banks.
Ross is a level-headed fellow, and I am
inclined to think with him that 'Kotze
bue is the richest spot on earth.' "
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE PIONEER.
When the schooner got outside the wind fell light and she drifted in close to the Cliff House, where she an
chored. When the fog lifted an attempt was made to sail out from the dangerous position, but the Pioneer only
drifted closer in near the ocean beach life-saving station. The station sent a boat to her assistance, and the Re
liance brought another from Fort Point, but no assistance was required.
THE FIRST AT
THE PAVILION
Military Display and Ball to Be
Given by the Local In
fantry Regiment.
The Naval Militia Will Assist to
Make the Entertainment a
Successful One.
The committee having charge of the
military display and entertainment that
are to be given in the Mechanics' Paviii< n
on the evening of the 22d of Anril has
completed all the details of the affair,
which is to be the first of the kind given
by the First Regiment of Infantry, Col
onel Smith, of the National Guard since
the reorganization.
There will be present by invitation the
commander-in-chief, Governor James H.
Budd, and staff; the division commander,
Major-General John H. Dickinson, and
staff; the commander of the Second
Brigadier-General R. H. War
field, and staff; Colonel D. B. Fairbanks
and staff of the Fifth Infantry; Lieu
tenant-Commander T. A. Nerny, acting
captain of the Naval Militia; and me
staff of Captain L. H. Turner, the officers
of Troop A, the officers of the Signal
Corps, the officers of the Cadet Corps and
Colonel W. P. Sullivan and the board of
officers of the League of the Cross Cadets.
The interior of the Pavilion will be pro
fusely decorated with flags, bunting and
military emblems, and it is the expressed
intention to make the decorations the
most artistic in that line that San i'ran
cisco has ever witnessed.
The programme will include a prom
enade concert, music being furnished by
the regimental band; a review tendered
to Major-General Dickinson; guard
mounting by one of the companies; squad
drill; gun drill by the Naval Militia; ex
emplification of first aid to the wounded
by the sanitary corps of the regiment;
physical drill by Company X, Captain
Cunningham; hasty bridge building by
Company b; Captain Filmer; dress par
ade and possibly company drill by bugle
by the Cadet Corps of the regiment. This
will be followed by a grand ball.
The committee on entertainment is com
posed of Lieutenants Harry F. McGurren
of Company D, Carlton W. Seely of Com
pany X, T. P. O'Brien of Company H, Al
bert C. Adler of Company L, Firmen A.
Nippert of Company F and George J.
Patty of Company C.
BACK FROM PARIS.
Artist Altmann Home Again With
the Results of Five Years'
Labor.
Aaron Altmann, the young student of
the Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art. who
left this city five years ago to study art In
Paris, returned home yesterday morning
a full-fledged painter.
While absent from this city Altmann
studied for a little over a year in the
Julien Academy in Paris. Later he se
cured admission to the Ecole de Beaux
Arts, where he remained for over two
years. Here he worked directly under
the direction of Gerome and had the ad
vantage of association with some of the
best painters in France. After over three
years of hard study in the schools of
Paris Altmann took a studio for himself
and studied in the galleries and also
worked in the studio of Caroius Duran.
The last few months of his stay abroad
he spent in travel, visiting all of the great
art centers and exhibiting his work
wherever opportunity presented itself. 'At
the Munich exhibition he received an hon
orable mention and also sold one of his
pictures.
Altmann has confined himself almost
entirely to figure work and painting por
traits, but has also produced a number of
outdoor paintings that have called forth
favorable comment.
He brings with him a large collection of
drawings, paintings and studies executed
while abroad. These pictures all show
great strength and conscientious study.
They are good in both drawing and color
and have a strong aspect of individuality.
Charged With Burglary.
J. r . T. Watson \ was - arrested I early yes
terday morning by Policemen Tyrrell and
Sullivan and booked at the City Prison
on a ? charge of burglary. He entered a i
room f , in I the : Grand ( Centrol * lodging-house
on Tuesday night and stole ian overcoat,
which he \ pawned. ? The ■ pawn ticket was
found in his pocket when searched at tne
JPrlsoo,
NEARLY WENT
ON THE BEACH
Lifeboats and a Tug Went
to the Assistance of
the Pioneer.
Trouble Between Union and
Non-Union Sailors on the
Water Front.
Ships Columbia and St. Nich
olas Had Their Non-Union
Crews T«ken Off.
The schooner Pioneer, hound for Grays
Harbor, had a narrow escape from going
ashore early yesterday morning. When
she got out past Point I^obos the wind
died away to a calm, and do what he
would the cnptain could not prevent his
vessel from drifting close in to the Cliff
House. Seeing that she was in danger of
going ashore he ordered the anchor let
go, and the vessel swuuf to it for
three or four hours until the fog lifted.
A light land breeze came up, the anchor
was hove up and an attempt was made to
get to sea. The wind was not strong
enough to carry the vessel out, however,
and soon she was close in again, this time
off the Ocean Beach Life-saving Station.
The crew of the li'e ; rraxs;-ti inking the
vessel in danger, telephoned to the
Spreckels Towboat Company for a tug,
and then launching their own boat went
to the assistance of the crew of the Pio
neer. The captain of the schooner told
them that his vessel was in no danger,
but the lifeboat remained by her never
theless until the tug Reliance hove in
sight.
On his way to the supposed wreck Cap
tain Brokaw stopped at the Fort Point
Life-saving Station and explained the sit
uation. Ine lifeboat was launched and
its crew got on board the tug. It was
towed around to the ocean beach, ' when
Captain Brokaw found that his assistance
wa*> not required. During the afternoon a
strong offshore breeze came up and the
Pioneer finally made a good otting.
There was lots of fun on the water front
yesterday, ;md it looked like the oid days
when union men and •"scabs'" had a pas
sage at arms every hour in the twenty
lour. The sailors' union is irymg to keep
wages on vessels gonyc to tne canneries
up lo $45 a month, uut The Packers' Asso
ciation is not willing to pay inort; man
*40 a montn. Twelve me:iha.a been shipped
on the Columbia lying at L'nion-sireet
wharf, but a detachment from the union
descendea on the vessel and drove them
all ashore. The sailors were driven all
over, the city, and not one of the shipping
masters could nnd them again. Sergeant
Mahoney ajid a squad of police were sent
trom the iiurbor police station, but in or
der to avoid any trouble tne vessel was
moved into the stream and a new crew
will be put on board of her there.
Captain I'niitt; of the ship Spartan had
the same trouble with his men. He, how
ever, secured a full crew at the lower
rate of wages an>l got away yesterday
The snip St. Nicholas had also to go
into the strtum to ship ±i.er crew. Dur
ing the afternoon ihe union men descend
ea upon her and got every man to go
ashore. Set ing thru there was no chance
whatever vi. obtaining men while the
vessel was at the wharf the captain had
her towed out Into the stream and an
chored off Folsorn-sireet wharf. Before
getting away froni the wharf there was
a free fight among the Chinese who are
going up to work in the canneries. No
one seemed to know what was the cause
of the trouble, but rice and slippers were
very much in evidence. It was just about
mealtime, and the Chinese threw their
pans containing rice at each other, and
then each Mongol took off a slipper and
began belaboring his neighbor over the
head with the heel of it. In the meantime
every one of them was coughing and
screaming at the same time, and never
was such a pandemonium seen on the
decks of the St. Nicholas before. It took
nearly an hour to quiet down the Chinese
and then it was found that the whole
trouble arose over the fact that one
coolie had taken more than his fair al
lowance of rice.
The schooner Free Trade finally got
away on her voyage in search of "an isl
and of gold" yesterday afternoon. She
was to have got away with her aristo
cratic passengers last Tuesday morning,
but the law, which is no respecter of
persons, stepped in and delayed the de
parture. Peter Petersen, the watchman,
and James Garrett got into a .squabble
over the ship's stores and Garrett struck
Petersen over the head with a marlin
spike. A few minutes before the vessel
left Main-street wharf Petersen arrived
on the scene with a policeman and Gar
rett was arested on a charge of battery.
The matter was finahy settled before
, : Judge Conlan, but before the schooner
I could get away, John Gilbert, the mate,
; and Peter Petersen, the watchman, libeled
I her for wages which they alleged to be
due them. This necessitated the vessel
remaining in port over night. During the
night the boys around Meiggs wharf paid
the schooner a visit and got away with
' two sucking pigs and a crate of chickens
that were intended for the table of the
aristocratic gold-hunters during the voy
age. When Captain Moore came ashore
yesterday he determined that nobody
should get on board to serve any more
warrants during his absence, so he armed
j his wife with a Winchester and left her
on guard. Nobody more alarming than
a boatman came anywhere near the ves
sel. When Captain Moore returned he at
once put up sail and started for Alaska.
The steamer Valencia, which will sail
' from here next Sunday for the Copper
| River, will take away three Government
Tlie i fic^linile'i . >^ r isotts every wrapper
UffiiaturQ of (Z&tft&k of PASTOEIA.
expeditions with her. One expedition is
going north to survey the mouth of the
Copper River, another is going to Cooks
Inlet and the third is to survey an all-
American route via the Valdez Pass to
the headwaters of Copper River. A tele
gram from Captain Lord of the Valencia
says that the Valdez Pass is now in excel
lent condition, and the gold-hunters
are coming and going over it continu
ously.
The anxiety felt over the long passage
of the schooner Nellie G. Thurstnn from
New York has been set at rest. She
passed out of the Straits of Magellan in
company with the schooner Thomas S.
Negus, and the latter has now been in
port for nearly a fortnight. Oscar Mik
kelsen, mate of the Negus, has received a
letter from Callao. which says that the
Thurston was last seen in the vicinity of
the Galapagos Islands. She may now,
therefore, be expected at any timo. The
Thurston has on board a party of nine
teen pold-hunters bound for the Klondike.
The barkentine Catherine Sudden istob*
built up and put on the berth for Kotz
ebue Sound. At the present time sh« is
unloading a cargo of lumber, but when
that is discharged the worn of building
a large deckhouse will be at once begun.
First-class accommodation for lfiO pas
sengers will be provided, and as Captain
Fred Green, the old Arctic whaler, is go
ing in command, the passage to the
mouth of the Kowak River is sure to be
made in quick time. A stern-wheel
steamer to carry the gold-hunters up the
Kowak River is to be taken along.
FAILED FOR A LARGE SUM.
Cabrera, Roma & Co. Unable to Meet
Their Outstanding Obligations.
E Cabrera and J. M. Roma, doing busi
nws at 123 California street under the
firm name of Cabrera. Roma & Co., filed
a petition in the County Clerk's office
late yesterday afternoon, asking to be de
clared insolvent debtor. Their liabilities
amount to $112,937 84 and their assets, in
cluding rights of action and claims out
standing, are fixed at $1X3,760 35. Their
principal creditors are in Mexico and
Central America and the collectible
claims they hold are in those countries.
The principal local creditors are Miller,
Sloss & Scott. $3286 02; Hickman & Mar
tenson. $930 P9: Rafael Roma, |2921 57;
London and San Francisco Bank, $33*b 80;
Mrs Elise H. Pardou, $B00; Cunningham,
Curtiss & Welch. $1565 33; J. M. Roma,
$11 987 50; DanJel Meyer, $3166 50.
TRYING TO DOWN
THE POOLROOMS
Supervisors and Racetrack
Officials Meet in Con
ference.
Horsemen Object to Restrictions
Matter Put Over lor One
Week.
The conference of the Special Committee
on Racing of the Board of Supervisors
and the officers of the Ingleside track,
held yesterday at the City Hall, came to
nothing. It was called to discuss Super
visor Clinton's proposed ordinance to re
strict racing to forty-eight days in each
year.
Supervisor Clinton stated that, while
he was in favor of racing as a sport, he
was not in favor of poolrooms, and had
drawn up the ordinance with a view of
stamping out the dens.
Supervisor Smith suggested that it
would be probably impossible to amend
the order so that the poolrooms could be
closed.
President Androus of the Jockey Club
said that the poolrooms would handle
the racing at other tracks and that re
stricting racing would not have the de
sired result.
Vice-President Crocker stated that the
track gave employment to 1000 men and
boys and that it annually put into circu
lation, over one and a half million dollars.
Supervisor Clinton claimed that many
young boys had been ruined by tne gam
bling feature «onnected with racing, and
Mr. Crocker retorted that it was no worse
than stock gambling.
"Two wrongs don't make a right," said
Supervisor Clinton, "and I think this
matter is too large to be settled at one
meeting. I move that the committee hold
another session one week from to-day,
when we can hear more testimony on the
subject." The matter was then put over
for a week.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
PBIVATE AND SAVINGS BANKS.
PA\ Good ■. Showing \ Made by Seventy
Large and Small Institutions.
A week or so ago the Bank Commis
sioners made a call upon : the several
banks : for statements ; of the condition of
their business at the closing of business
hours on: March 6. The Commissioners'
secretary ; has '-.' Just *. '■-. finished % compiling
some of the figures, which give the * fol
lowing results as to r the condition of the
forty-soven ' savings - and ■■;■ twenty-three
private banks in the Interior of the State:
SAVINGS : BANKS. .
Resources— ' (in ,, me7
Bank premises .....'. *l^Tr i»
Real estate for debt- ............... 2.5a6.1Ca 12
Bonds and stocks of'-mi 94
Loans on real ■ estate "Nag's 94
Loans on stocks, bonds 3 76 3.6 OS
Loans on other securities'........... 13.. £S
Loans on personal , security ?25 1^ I?
Money on hand .-'..............- b9o.<*' 81
Due. from banks ....:.......»....... 2.313,179 34
Other assets •••••••••• -: ia.,»wi a
Total resources $34,632,501 35
.Liabilities— - . ■ •:.- „'",„; J
Capital paid in •• 13.901.930 00
Reserve fund "-vv:.v..:::::::::::^;fii li
Due depositors 29 ' 04 JH2- »
Due banks ..:... ..••• • • J,!,™! 07
Other , liabilities 293,794 97
Total liabilities ..............'....434.652,561 85
, PRIVATE BANKS.
Resources— - . '■ - „„,„,
Bank 'premises ........................* - /s.aoJ •_
Real estate taken for debt . 278,048 22
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks ...-..•: 161, <b9 2*
Loans on real estate — — ;6b5,7.a 20
Loans ■: on '■ stocks, . bends • and war- -■■„..„„.
rants- 13,542 ,5
Loans on other securities (grain, ..„_.,
■ etc) ;..:...";...". ...••"•••"-..■.-....-. 68,963 91
Loans on personal : security and ' ;, '"^
overdrafts;.......... .-•• • ?^??S °°
Money son ■< hand ; . . : . ..... - •' : . • • ........ ; I=9. "2 M
Due from banks and bankers...... _ 2^4,280 02
Other assets .;.-...:...'............... . ; 134. a
• Total : resources • $2,718,163 96
Liabilities—- . • i I&BgSSS3S&BB£&:- «•, a.- ,«- „
Capital paid in coin - $1,04n,19a 14
Profit and loss and contingent fund 2*6.2a9 48
Due depositors ■.•....•.-.... .....:..- 1.309. j.03 62
Due banks and bankers ; s . 4<,»74 80
State, county or city money ......... 10.64S 33
Other liabilities .....;.... .■.;.......;. 16,632 o9
Total liabilities $2,718,163 96
STILL ON
THE TRAIL
OF LYNCH
Zemansky and Len
non File a Protest
With Him.
Declare That They Have
Been "Dreyiused" Out
of Their Positions.
The Collector Refuses to Con
sider It Because It Is
Not True. •
HE ACTED ON A CIRCULAR.
Took Evidence and Did Not Allow
the Accused to Bo Present at
the Investigation.
The ghosts of Lennon and Zemansky,
the dismissed deputies of the Internal
Revenue Department of this district,
will not down. Yesterday afternoon they
presented themselves at the office of
Collector Lynch and filed with him a
typewritten protest against the manner
of their taking off. They ask in the
document that the Collector make re
paration for the wrong which they
claim he has done them, and that this
reparation take the form of a reconsid
eration of his recommendation of dis
missal.
Their complaint in brief Is that the
Collector "jobbed" them by holding a
secret investigation in their case and by
not giving them an opportunity of fac
ing their accusers or of being present
at the investigation. Mr. Lynch, after
reading the protest, informed the ex
deputies that he would not receive It
or send it to Washington for the rea
son that certain statements therein con
tained were false, and that he would
be put In the awkward position of sendr
ing to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue a document accompanied by a
statement by him that the matters con
tained in the protest were not truth
ful. He said that if Messrs. Lennon
and Zemansky would amend their pro-,
test he would consider it.
The following is a copy of the pro
test:
John C. Lynch Esq., Collector of In
ternal Revenue, San Francisco — Dear Sir-
Under date of March 24, 1898, you notified
me that the termination of my appoint
ment as Deputy Collector of Internal
Revenue took effect from and after said
date.
I have also been notified that such no
tion was taken upon your recommenda
tion.
I respectfully ask that you recall the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»»«»a»«aaaaaa a a a a aa a a a aa a acTa aa a a fa »»«"
1 SPEAKING OF CURES!
« Rupture Cured in Two I^^S^P^ He Feels Like a Boy of «
«:■ Months. ■ Fifteen. a.<
££ Occidental, Calif.. . WM. H. SAWYER of B*rdell ** > t
« Feb. 28th 1898 Station. Sonoma County, writes ■J3
* DR. PIERCE SON— Gentle- ... cannot "fSn^nsayinV that I con- £
W _ , I cannot refrain from saying that I con- w
~ men: I wish to inform you that the Truss aider y our 'Galvanic Chain Belt* to be one »
**•• which I purchased .at your office the 6th of the greatest inventions ■ on ' earth, for it i»c .
&of last December CURED me of , Rupture 1 ™ ff 1 ™" me sucn LI / E AND n X. IGOR . «
» in TWO MONTHS. lamo, >- siity years that * feel as young and spry as a boy of S
£* InTWO MONTHS. lam 0. -r bixty years fifte en years of age. Without your Belt I «
£ of age. • - . . felt weak and without energy; but with *•*
y,. There is no mistake about the fact that your Belt and Suspensory on lam one of £$
'" your celebrated Magnetic" Elastic Truss the most active, vigorous and happy men n
D will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I you will. be able to meet anywhere. Your «
CD heartily recommend it to all ruptured per- Belt is certainly a wonderful, invention. Q
"' sons. Yours sincerely, '. C. IS. COLLINS. and lf others only knew as much about it art
» If rupture.-, call or send 2c in stamps for as I do, no man or woman in the State of **
w our New B ok on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without it for a single «
" at office without extra .charge. Address day." , ' '■ ; ; v ' _• ; _, •' . ii 5 -- ;: - ; ■'■ v*
« u»ri«PTir PiacTir tdhcc vr» For full Particulars of Dr.Pierce's Patent *•*
V MAGNETIC ELASTIC: TRUSS, CO., Electric Belt call or send stamp for our «
& AOA MARKET STREET, Opposite new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." .- Ad- Z.
~ \JJm,\J Palace Hotel, San Francisco, dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market «
*•* Or 35 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., St., San Francisco, -, or 35 and 36 Sullivan « "
0 SEATTLE. . V I Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. . '-; ■ . CJ
ggggogg»)3gggggg»»g»ggC(^gogggggg»'C(«a»«
Directory or
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
■ ARCTIC sleds, Arctic - doßs, . .Yukon , boats,
pilot maps -to : the • Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern- wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable ' to - burn wood : : 50 . boats can |bo
seen at salesroom. ; G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
st. 'Phone ■ Red 2361. ' ■ ' -'
. TRANSPORTATION. . ; ■ jj
~Z KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
Jk ALASKA.
vj^, BARK MERMAID
iT/tt LEAVES MAY Ist.
fiefr*>M. PflSSflGE:.'.:;s2bo
--\sillJyj " " ? Space * allowed • for 1% ■ tons ' bag-
1 jjraSSSb gage for each passenger.
efi^SS'Rp^ Office 26 California st
\^^^l— - HENRY L. BURDEN, Gen. Mgr.
- -""""" " ■ ' CAPT. WICKS.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY. : '.; . .
.: i For passage and freight ■.'; apply * to. '■•■-• .'
; UNION .• SHIPPING - ': AND •; TRANSPORTA-
■ : TION COMPANY, -21 Market street. - ■
recommendation of dismissal, and that
the matter of my suspension be reopenec
for further consideration for the following
reasons: ,
L You acknowledge that your conclu
sions in the matter were based upon am
davits submitted to you by Louis Loupe,
late Chief Deputy: W. H. Dillard. mes
senger in your office, and B. M. Thomas,
a subordinate in Revenue Agent Thrash
er's office. That said affidavits came Into
your possession after the filing of our
answers to the original charges, and that
you gave me no opportunity to know of.
submission of said affidavits, I only learn
ing of the same through the colums of
The Call, a newspaper published in San
Francisco on the 24th inst., in a reputed
interview held with you in relation to
these charges.
2. If 1 had had an opportunity to meet
and rebut these affidavits I could have
done so successfully, ana your recom
mendation would have been in my favor
and not against me.
3. I desire to say that the entire pro
ceedings, from the time of the filing of
the charges against me to the time of my
"termination" notice, have been irregular,
unjust and malicious and contrary to the
civil service regulations, under which I
have rights, and that I have, to use a
modern expression, been "Dreyfused" out
of a position in your office. Respectfully,
ED F. LENNON.
Mr. Lynch was asked later in the day
as to his reasons for having denied
Lennon and Zemansky a hearing at the
investigation and as to why he had not
invited them to be present. The Col
lector replied that he had acted under
authority of department circular No.
480, which required that the accused
should be furnished with copies of tha
written charges against them and re
quested to file a written answer w!thin
ten clays. That proceeding had been
folio ,ved to the letter he said.
"The circular," continued Mr. Lynch,
"does not require the Collector to hay«
a trial. He is simply to forward his
recommendations. I did not give an
interview to The Call and I toll Mr.
Lc-r.non that I wished him to amend hig
paper because I was not responsible
for what was said in The Call, and I
did not want to be obliged to send his
report to Washington and to send a
communication with it to the effect that
it was not true." Up to a late hour
last night Mr. Lennon had not amended
his report and it is not believed that
he will. He says that he and Zemansky
are insisting upon their rights and that
they do not propose to be "star-cham
bered" and "Dreyfused" out of their
positions under the stigma of charges
of misconduct.
PLAYHOUSE NOTES.
Theatrical Offerings of This Week
and the Next.
Anna Held, "A Gay Deceiver" and "The
Cat and the Cherub" continue the triple
bill at the Baldwin this week and next.
Hoyt's new piece, "*. Stranger in New
York," follows, with Anna Boyd and Joa
Coyne in the cast.
James J. Corbett, in "A Naval Cadet,"
is doing- well at the Columbia. James A.
Herne, in his "Shore Acres," win be a.
strong 1 attraction next week.
The California reopens again on Sunday
night with the Herald-square Comedians
in a farce-comedy called "A Jay in New
York." William Jerome and Maude Nu
gent, the young woman who wrote "Sweet
Rosy O'Grady," head the company. Cheap
prices will assist in making the attraction
popular.
"The Mummy" will last out th© week at
the Alcazar, making way Monday for a
revival of "Jane," which is remembered
among the most profitable of the season's
productions at tne Alcazar.
At the Tivoli "The Widow O'Brien"
closes with the bunday night perform
ance, giving way tr> a short week of "The
Bohemian Girl," witn Michelena as Thaa
deus. After that the big Easter burlesque,
"Sinbad the Sailor," with Carrie Roma
in the cast. In this production Robert
Mitchell, a funny rran of local reputa
tion, will makft practically his first pro
fessional appearance.
"Ten Nights in a Barroom" Is doing
well at Mnrosf-o's. The Orpheum enjoys
a better bill than usual this week. Chi
quita, the Zoo and good weather conspire
to make the Chutes popular these days.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND >^
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fara,
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to L.YNDE 4
HOUGH CO., 40 California st.. San Francisco
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, SOl
Fron| st., San Francisco.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DTEA and SKAGUAT can arranr» t<
have their provisions sent via St. Mlchaei
and the Tukon River, by applying to
ALASKA^YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO;,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, CaL
BIRCH Creek district; now nearly deserted
■ owing to lack of food: larger and just as rid
. - as Klondike; : produced about ; $5,000,000; ; 1500}
..'.- 100 - feet; .' our . new ■ ; modem '■„ steamer. ; Alici . =
Rix, :• stops: there gcin? to Dawson City; out -.
•' book $ free. ':< Alaska ■; Transportation : Co., s 221
Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House. ■. ■'■ ;'/>
, CHEAPEST. and i best in .America— The Weeklj 1 •*' "''■>
1 Call. Sent ato any : address In tho ■ Unite? . —
. . States or Canada one year for $1 50, postagi , 4H
free. -■"■ ■ ' • - ■■■■:■■■-, -- -_- . . Ji ■■%^*,
GAS ENGINES. '» - ,
Sdnigasengineco,
339 HOWARD STREET .
1 GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
_. ~ j fa
P. & B. PRODUCTS. ; ./'^
P. & B. BUILDING i PAPER f and "P v&Vt, 1 '
READY HOOFING sold by all first-class de /
erSl are clean odorless, of great strength, :<rv* :
•enable » In price , and easy *to transport. .' The;
keep heat. cold. dampness and v dust out of "
buildings; are particularly adapted to ' Alask^
r w p^ ffiKi™ JK & "ESS i
It 1