VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 127.
HERR ANDREE NOW
REPORTED TO BE
SAFE ON LAND
Startling Story Brought Down From the
North by a Mail Carrier Just
From Dawson City.
Jack Carr Wants to Sell the News for Which the
Whole World Has Been Waiting Since the
Intrepid Explorer Sailed Away.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 5—
Jack Carr, a United States mail
carrier, arrived here to-night
from St. Michael, Alaska, via
Dawson City. Carr claims to
have a message from Andree.
one of his carrier pigeons having
been picked tip. 'It is stated
that the message says that An
dree is alive and on land.
It is now nine months since Ilerr
Andree, the intrepid aeronaut and ex
plorer, ascended in the "Omen" (the
eagle), a balloon built especially for his
daring purpose to endeavor to discover
the pole. It was on Sunday, July ii,
t lat the Swede started from Danes
Island and accompanied only by two
companions, Nils Strinburg and Knut
Frasnkel. Since then but little news
has come from them, the only intelli
gence received by the world being from
a Danish whaler who picked up one of
the carrier pigeons tak... in the Omen.
and the continued absence of news was
taken by the entire world to mean that
the men had met their deaths.
Now the startling statement is made
that the brave trio of Swedes were
alive. The news was brought by Jack
Carr. the well-known United States and
Alaska mail carrier, who for seasons has
brought the mail from Americans so
journing in the wilds of Alaska.
As will be remembered, Carr was the
first man to give the startling news of
rich finds on Bonanza and El Dorado
the v. crid. He cane dd r >vn
on the steamer City of Topeka in Feb
ruary last with mail, and in an interview
with your correspondent gave details of
the enormous wealth found in Klondike.
all of which was then laughed at by the
world, but afterward proved true.
Carr left St. Michael on Thanksgiving
day last and journej'ed up the frozen
Yukon with a dog team and light supply
.of provisions. He first called at Minook,
where he collected nearly iooo" letters
from men who were on ice-bound
steamers and who are pow encamped at
Rampart City and vicinity.
Much mining activity is going on
DEPARTURE OF THE BALLOON EAGLE FROM DANE ISLAND WITH DR. ANDREE AND HIS COMPANIONS ON BOARD.
The San Francisco Call
there, and it is said big strikes will be
recorded from this district shortly.
Passing from Minook from post to post
along the big Alaskan rive-r the veteran
mail carrier arrived at Dawson City.
leaving the Klondike metropolis on
March 2 and still traveling lightly with
dog team, making his way over ice
bound rivers and lakes to the Chilkoot
trail, to salt water, where he took pas
sage down.
On arriving at the coast he became as
close as a clam about his news and
would not talk save for a consideration.
Arriving at Departure Bay, he began to
auction his story, starting the bidding at
$1000.
The facts given above a- c supplied by
those on board the Centennial, who
gleaned them from Carr at various times
during the trip.
CHICAGO, April s.— Evelyn B. Bald
win, who visited the Andree balloon sta
tion in Spitzbergen and who volunteered
to accompany the daring aeronaut on
his voyage to fie north pole but could
not on account of the limited capacity
of the balloon, was interviewed by the
Associated l'ress this afternoon regard
ing the bulletin from Victoria, B. C.
Mr. Baldwin said:
"While I scarcely believe the report
to be true (it seems too good to be true)
yet I realize that it is not impossible
that Andree may have arrived in Alas
ka, for to accomplish that feat was his
most ardent desire. That he could have
done so by this time provided this bal
loon carried him far enough eastward,
mv to son a point on the sea ice in
North Alaska, is proven by the safe
arrival of a captain of one of the whal
ing vessels fast in the ice off the north
coast of Alaska after a six months'
journey southward.
"Andree may have arrived at some
point in the Tchookche Peninsula, off
Northeastern Siberia, last autumn, as
Baron Nordenskjold believed he would
and 'as Andree himself thought he
might, and thence made his way acrnps
Bering Straits to Alaska. Personally, I
have held that Andree would most like
ly be heard from In Franz Josef Land,
and had about made complete arrange
ments to assist in the search for him
in that region, my plans being to start
SAX PRAS CISCO, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 6, 1898 — TWENTY-TWO PAGES.
next month. I received a letter this
morning from Certain Ernst Andree of
Sweden, a brother of the balloonist, and
the captain expressed his belief in his
brother's return and that the world
would hear from him not later than
next August."
ANDREE'S PLAN TO
DARE THE WORST.
He Believed He Could Cross the Arc
tic Ice Fields in a Balloon of
His Own Making.
Dr. A. S. Andree, .the Swedish aero
naut, and his two companions left
Dane's Island on the northwest coast
of Spitzbergen on the morning of July
11 of last year on their journey into
the unknown. The crew of the Eagle—
for so the historic bailoon was named
consisted of three persons. They were
Dr. A. S. Andree, who headed the ex
pedition; Nils Strindberg, a young Swe
dish scientist and aeronaut, and Knut
Fraenkel, a civil engineer. All three
were of robust constitution and had
much experience in the frosty climate
of the north of Sweden and Norway.
It had been intended to start the cx
i pedition during the summer of 1896, but
adverse conditions led to its temporary
abandonment at the last hour. Last
! year, however, final preparations were
i early afoot and at the beginning of
June Dr. Andree and his two compan
' ions journeyed to the starting point and
| the filling of the balloon with its ne
! cessary gases was completed by June
| 21. Then a delay occurred until the
meteorological conditions were- fftyora
Me for tl\e start.
'me ballon was constructed in Paris
at a cost of about $10,000. It had a gas
capacity of about 170,000 feet and from
its top to the bottom of its car it was
close to 100 feet. It was CT l^ feet in
diameter and weighed about 2900
pounds. Although the ballon may be
regarded as being in almost every re
spect a novelty, the most striking char
acteristic was the guiding and steering
apparatus. This consisted mainly of
j guiding ropes of different lengths, the
| shortest being about 1000 feet and the
'longest about 1200 feet in length. These
ropes hung from a bearing just above
the car and dragged along the earth
or ice. The idea of having different
lengths of rope was that in case one
of them got foul of some object the
others would run free. ■ These guiding
ropes were to drag after the balloon
and to be shifted by the voyager as he
willed, so that their weight and hold
on the balloon should effect its course
in one direction or the other.
The car, however, was the most in
teresting part of the whole aerial vessel.
It was only about five feet deep and
a little over six feet in diameter. It
was covered with a lid of basket work,
and in the lid was a trapdoor to allow
the explorers to pass through. It was
the plan for one man to sleep at a time
while the other two were at work and
at watch. The latter were to stand
on the lid partly screened from the bit
ter wind by canvas. At about the
height of their waist there was a large
ring of about the same diameter as thu
car and on that were firmly fixed the
scientific instruments of the expedition.
At Dane's Island, where the start
was made, a shed was constructed to
protect the balloon from the strone
winds while it was being filled and pre
pared for the voyage. When all ras
| in readiness the shed was torn away
and the huge aerial ship was liberated.
It started almost directly for the nortn
at a rate of about twenty-two miles an
hour and in a few minutes it. with its
I trio of intrepid explorers, was lost to
j the view of the few who assisted In
| starting it on its voyage into the un
explored regions of the north pole.
For a year before the start was made
circulars were distributed to all thfc
points visited by civilized persons in
j the northern latitudes, telling of th«
I expected voyage of the balloon with its
i explorers and asking those who should
I see it to report its appearance as quick
j ly as possible and to assist those who
i might be with it. Such circulars were
distributed along the coast of Alaska
j and Siberia by the whalers who go that
way each year, and the Russian Gov
ernment sent out special envoys to its
I subjects along the northern coast of its
territories, asking that all assistance
! possible be given to the expected voy
i agers.
A supply of floating buoys was car
' ried by the voyagers for the purpose
, of dropping messages in the sea as the
i balloon progressed . in the hope that
1 some of them would be recovered by
j whalers and so carry word out of the
' advance made by the expedition. There
• were also a number of carrier pigeons
! taken in the car of the balloon. Since
i the start was made four of the pigeons
| have been found, all carrying messages
! from the aeronauts, but none of the
j buoys were found. All of the mes
\ sages brought by the pigeons were
hopeful in tone, but they were all sent
within a few days after the voyage
was commenced. Then, as the weeks
| went by and no news was received of
i the balloon, Arctic explorers began to
make preparations to commence a
search for the three men who risked
! their lives in the unknown Arctic re
i gions in the interests of science, but so
j far none of them have started.
TO-DAY CONGRESS
WILL DECLARE FOR
WAR WITH SPAIN
Little Chance That the President's Mes
sage Will Leave Any Other Course
Open to This Country.
Mediation Has Been Rejected, and It Remains
Only to Resort to Armed Intervention to
Secure the Freedom of the Cubans.
NEW YORK, April s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Congress will have President Me Kin
ley's vigorous indictment of Spain at
noon to-morrow. The verdict of war or
peace will then rest with that branch of
the Government. The President stands
ready to execute the will of Congress to
the utmost extent. The accurate fore
cast of his message, published in the
Herald this morning, shows that he con
siders forcible intervention to be the
only method now left for bringing to an
end the war in Cuba, securing repara
tion for the loss of the Maine and 266
American lives, and restoring peace
and order in the Pearl of the Antilles.
His message is so emphatic on this
point as to leave no room for doubt
that this is the line of action Le
hopes and expects Congress to take,
although he does not in his message
attempt to ouline the form of reso
lution he desires Congress to pass.
As stated in the Herald this morning,
he will not make any recommendations
looking to the. immediate recognition of
Cuban independence. On the contrary
his line of argument on this subject
clearly shows that he adheres rigidly to
his opinion, long entertained, that the
Cubans have not yet reached a status
which, under international law, would
justify the United States, in the eyes of
PRESIDENT DID NOT
SEEK LEO'S MEDIATON. J
<
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett. 4
MADRID, April 5.— imagine that President McKinley has at <<
any time sought the Intervention of the Pope is, to my knowledge, 4
without any foundation. The truth is, the Pope caused certain in- 4
quiries to be made as to the condition of sentiment in Washington. 4
Its fully serious character was reported to him from there and 4
seeing war was imminent he determined to do all possible to avert It. 4
His Holiness was told that Spain's granting an armistice was 4
absolutely necessary. At the same time he was inform. from here 4
that the sentiment of the army was an obstacle to granting it. 4
Upon this the Pope made the suggestion to the . Queen, in 4
whom he takes the greatest interest on account of her deep piety. <
that he was th- father of the army and should command its heads 4
to accept his verdict in the matter, which was that an armistice be <
granted. -^
This is the simple truth, which nothing can move. Thj report 4
cabled from Washington stating that General Woodford has been 4
notified to instruct American citizens to withdraw from Spain is er- <■
roneous. The fact is that General Woodford's daughter and niece 4
are on a pleasure trip to Toledo, which is a su..icient reply to the <
statement. 4
The Mayor of Bilbao informs the Government that the province <
of Biscay will contribute five million pesetas ($1,000,000) to the pa- <
triotic fund. 4
4
the nations of the world, in recognizing
their independence.
He stands ready and willing to do
all in lii 3 power to bring about the
freedom of Ouba, but the question of
prime importance in his mind and
the one requiring immediate aftep
tion is to end the war.
Independence, in his opinion, will be
the inevitable outcome of intervention
such as he favors, but there must be a
new and stable form of government be
fore there is anything to recognize.
The reasons for withholding recom
mendation for the recognition o. Cuban
independence at this time were explain
ed to me by a member of the Cabinet
just after the Cabinet meeting to-day.
"We cannot afford to do so at this
time. When we get to Havana we
cannot afford to have our movements
handicapped by a Government which
can prevent our doing what we think
proper.
"Suppose we land our troops in Ha
NEWS 0.7 THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Ran Fran
cisco: Showers on Wednesday; fresh
southerly wind.
Maximum temperature forrthe past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco . .' M degrees
Portland 5S degrees
Los Angeles 78 degrees
San Diego....- 68 degrees
Sacramento .i 70 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Andree Said to Be Alive.
To-day May See War Declared.
SECOND PAGE.
Spain Buying Small Arms.
Lee to Leave Havana.
Fixing Spain's Responsibility.
President Rejects Mediation.
Cubans to Be Declared Free.
Steamers' Last Trip to Havana.
THIRD PAGE.
England's Coup In the Orient.
Bn.oke Conies From St. Helens.
Explorers Going to Alaska.
Blamed for the Rate War.
Elections in Eastern Cities.
FOURTH PAGE.
California Militiamen Ready.
Senators Call for War.
Texas to Protect Cruiser*.
The Spanish Minister Hopeful.
FIFTH PAGE.
Belew on Trial for His Life.
Dreyfus Is Reported Dead.
Chinese Fear Mob Violence.
Food for Flnod Survivors.
Murderer Hill Faces Death.
Senators Are Not Agreed.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Chinese Trndn.
The Law and the Retailers.
Eastern Municipal Elections.
The Cattle Quarantine.
A Needless Protest.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
Girl Who Superintends a Railway.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Raw Jockey Club Methods.
Ugly Rumors About a Shipwreck.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Fighting the San Jose Gang.
Suffering Drives to Madness.
NINTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Real Estate Changes.
TENTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
A Mysterious Death.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
Government Official Threatened.
Politics for Politicians.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTT-SECOND PAGE.
Grand Lodge of Workmen.
Preparing for Passover.
Jockey Sloan Haa Gone East.
Grubstaked Their Pastor.
Local Army Changes.
TOICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SPANISH CRUISERS
REACH PORTO RICO.
Copyright, !S9B. by James Gordon Ben
nett.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico. April
5. — The Spanish cruiser Vizcaya
and Almirante Oquendo, which
sailed from Havana last Friday,
arrived here to-day and are at
anchor in the harbor. They were
received with the greatest enthu
siasm. As soon as they had
reached their anchorages they
were visited by representatives
of the Colonial Government and
the whole day was one of re
joicing on shore and in the har
bor.
It is understood that the Span
ish torpedo flotilla will be here
in a few days and that the crui
sers have to protect it on its way
to Cuba.
The harbor of San Jut.n is rec
ognized among naval men as the
best point at which Spain could
put the flotilla for strategic pur
poses, and it is a matter of won
derment here that the United
States did not take some action
before the Spanish cruisers de
parted from Havana.
Once in this harbor, the flotilla
will be safe, because it can dodge'
through the Tortugas channel
among the islands where no war
ships can interfere with it and
be out and away toward Cuba
before the United States ships
could solve the problem of its
whereabouts.
vana and we want to do something for
the protection of life and property which
is not agreeable to the insurgents?
They can properly say, you have recog
nized us as an independent country and
have no authority to now dictate terms.
"Suppose some of the insurgent lead
ers want to kill Cubans or Spaniards
who are not agreeable to them? Sup
pose we want to do something to restore
order out of chaos which will ensue
after the entry of the forces of the
United States into Havana? How are
we going to do it if we have given com
plete independence to the Cubans?
" The thing for the United States
to do is to forcibly interevne to stop
bloodshed and starvation in Cuba; on
the grounds, too, that our commerce
has suffered for years. After we
have reached Havana and restored
order, we can then decide whether in
dependence shall be granted to the
Cubans.
"It can be decided whether the insur
gents are capable of self-govennnent.
If they are not, we can establish a gov
ernment which we think will be stable
and will continue peace and order on
the island. It is not our thought, or ftie
thought of the President, to acquire ter
ritory. We simply want to take right
and proper steps at this time. We do
not think it is advisable to grant inde
pendence to the Cubans until we go to
Havana and know more about the con
dition of affairs and the men who are
now running the insurgent government.
As a matter of fact not an official of this
country has even seen the insurgent
seal of government or any officers of
that government. The United States
must intervene on broader lines than
giving independence to the Cubans.
Should these lines be tha restoration of2
SPAIN BUYING
SMALL ARMS IN
GREAT QUANTITY
She l-jas No Need of These
Thiogs for the Army Mow
in the Field ir) Cuba.
NEW YORK,' April 5.— A Washington spwili io the Herald says:
Bankrupt as she is, Spain still has sufficient credit ivill. which to pur
chase supplies for her prospective war with the United States. That the
Sagasta Ministry entertains with the McKinley c.n.i Ipistration the be
lief war is inevitable is shown by the purch^ft 1 of ordnance sup
plies she has recently been making. Authoritative Information, has
been received at the Navy Department from the American Embassy in
London that Spain has contracted for the prompt delivery of 200,030
stands of small arms from Victor; Sons & Maxim, and orders have
also been placed for large quantities of ammunition and weapons.
Why Dpain needs so many small arms is the question the author-
ities are asking themselves.
I was suggested to-day that her purpose in acquiring BO many was
to have stock on hand sufficient to equip the people in case the Unit**!
States should attempt to make an invasion. It was pointed out to me to
day that the Spanish troops in Cuba have an ample supply of modern
Mausers and the weapons to be procured cannot, therefore, be destined
fur their armament.
The must sensational suggestion was that Spain intended to equip
an army to invade the United States, but this is a contingency which
the authorities do not anticipate for a moment. There is no doubt in
their minds of the ability of the navy to destroy the navy of Spain and,
once this is accomplished, there is no danger of any attempt being made
by Spain to send an army in unprotected transports to this country
j esides contracting for small arms Spain has been purchasing large
shells for her great guns, located both on shore and on ship board, and
it is admitted by the authorities that she undoubtedly has ample ord
nance supplies for offensive and defensive purposes, for the present.
There is no absolutely definite knowledge on this see-re, for the rea
son that Spain keeps close and secret all information relating to her
condition, but the naval intelligence officers have sufT.jient evidence to
show that she can carry on a war for some time with her present sup
ply.
Besides she has arsenals at work within her own boundaries, and
these arsenals are going night and day, as are those of the United
States. As the State Department failed to hear from Minister Wood
ford concerning the Spanish squadron at Cadiz, and the torpedo flo
tilla at Cape Verde, it is the supposition that the vessels forming
these organizations are still at those points. The authorities admit
they are very much gratified at the present separation of the Spante'i
forces. Her most formidable squadron is .at Cadiz. Her first torpedo
boat flotilla is fifteen hundred miles away and the armored cruisers
Yizeaya and Almirante Oquendo are at Porto Rico.
peace and the establishment of stable
government, they will be sufficient to
commend themselves to the people of
this country and of the ci\..ized world."
The President makes much of the
Maine disaster in his message.
He fully appreciates the feeling of the
country on this point and is convinced
that the first treatment of this phase of
the subject in his message will meet
with the hearty approval of every pa
triotic citizen. He does not regard it
as a casus belli in the full sense of that
term, but he does consider that it forms
the final link in the strong chain of evi
dence which proves conclusively Spain's
mismanagement in Cuba and her in
ability not only to contro. tho internal
affairs on the island, but to protect the
vessels of friendly nations visiting her
harbors.
In other words, it furnishes the
final cause for intervention if not
for war.
So vigorous is the President's ar
raignment of Spain and so complete the
arguments in favor of our right to in
tervene to end the war that the Presi
dent, after his message is made public,
is satisfied that a continuance of our dip
lomatic relations wi»h Spain is no longer
possible. Accordingly, all necessary ar
rangements have been perfected for the
withdrawal of our diplomatic represen
tatives from Spain and from Cuba im
mediately upon the submission of the
document to Congress.
The first steps toward breaking off
diplomatic relations will probably
be inaugurated by Spain.
As soon as the message becomes
public and the Spanish Government
is advised of its contents, it is as
sumed that the Madrid authorities
will recall Minister Polo de Sernabe.
We will then recall Minister Wood
ford and Consular representatives in
Spain and Cuba and transfer our inter
ests to the control of the Eritish rep
resentatives.
There is much dissatisfaction among
the warm advocates of the recognition
of Cuban independence over the infor
mation that the President will advise
against it. This will te the basis of
whatever controversy there may be in
either House over the form of the reso
lution to be adopted. The fact that the
recognition of independence would be
of enormous profit to the ■ older.; of so
called Cuban bonds will no. be lost sight
of, and will be used as a strong argu
ment by those who oppose recognition
at this time.
There will be some debate in both
houses and there is reason to believe
that it will be several days at least be
fore the resolution is finally sent to the
President for his signature. It has
been asserted that the President was
anxious to have prolonged debat; so as
to allow further time for a possible so
lution of the difficulties.
I can state authoritatively, how
ever, that neither the President nor
any member of his Cabinet is doing
anything to delay action by Con
gress. On the contrary, the Presi
dent believes that the time for action
which he contemplates in his mes
sage has arrived.
Advocates of the immediate recogni
tion of Cuban independence are laying
great stress on the argument that the
Cuban insurgents do not want interven
tion unless it is preceded by the recog
nition of their independence, and it is
said they will resent intervention with
out recognition.
Speaking of this phase of the ques
tion, Senor Quesada, representative of
the Cuban Junta in Washington, said to
me this evening: "We are perfectly sat-
isfied with the course of the President as
..- outlined in the morning papers. Of
course we should like to be recognized,
but we have no right to dictate the pol
icy of the President, and in any case it
will be only a question of a short time
.until recognition comes.
Minister Woodford appears to be still
hopeful of peace. He cabled the State
Department to-night that there were
•further important conferences with the
. Spanish Minister to-day, and that he ex
pected to cable the department some
new developments by to-morrow. Min
ister Woodford's optimistic views are
shared to some extent by certain mem
bers of the administration. The peace
members of the Cabinet fully acquiesced
in the vigorous policy outlined by the
President in his message, because they
believe that an aggressive attitude might
induce Spain to yield to the demands of
America. These men hope that Con
gress when it declares for forcible in
tervention will "authorize" rather than
"direct" the President to take action, be
cause thej- think when Spain once sees
that the President has power it will
yield to our demands before it becomes
necessary to use it.
There are very few public men in
Washington to-night, however, who
look for a peaceful outcome. With the
excited conditions in Cuba they can see
the possibility of many developments
which will bring on war before Con
gress even has a chance to declare for
intervention.
MEXICAN SYMPATHY
IS WITH AMERICA.
Rejoicing at Aquas Calientes Over a
Report That War Had Been
Declared.
EL PASO, April 5.— A dispatch from
Aquas Calientes, one of the principal
cities of Mexico, says that a report that
the United States had declared war
against Spain was circulated there yes
terday and that the news was received
with every manifestation of joy by the
entire population, the event being cel
ebrated in the evening by bonfires and
displays of fireworks. Travelers from
Mexico say this is illustrative of the
sentiment throughout the republic. The
Spaniards in Mexico, while wealthy as
a class, are few in numbers. The sym
pathies of the masses of the Mexicans
are strongly with the United States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? - £
0 Strong men and strong women make a nation SANTA BARBARA, Cal.— "l had the The following are characteristic Hood's I"I feel that I must tell what Hood's "I am pleased to have an opportun-
& BtrWnfr N«?fhor /.on 1™ ef»An« n .; (Un( n^i grip very severely and it left me very Sarsaparilla testimonials. They tell Sarsaparilla did for me. I was . sick ity to speak in praise of Hood's Sar- .0
V Biroug. l\eitner can De Strong Without gOOd weak j was nervous and suffered with of things worth telling: ;.•' for over a year, and In a miserable con- saparilla. I was miserable and dull V
A health, and neither can have good health cramps in my legs and feet. I read a "An eruption came on my neck be- I dltlon - When not confined to my bed. | all the time; had the blues, and could &
. without pure blood. This is Why Hood's Sar- great deal about Hood's Sarsaparilla I low my left ear. which caused me much tp^mwr around with^no strength^ ' nOt en3 ° y the least fun; * felt sick all 0
- Saparilla, America's Greatest Medicine is and concluded to give It a trial. It annoyance, as it continued to grow ambitlon . ihad'worked.veryhardand! over. I could not sleep, eat or work V
■0 ' A . , „ lr» t a ' xi helped me very much. Since then, worse, I finally became alarmed. It become all run down. I could not sleep, ! with satisfaction. Such awful dy- W.-
T. x America S Greatest Defense. A nation that whenever I feel the least run down or refused to yield to ordinary treatment, would have very bad spells with my ! spepsia, distress and cramps in my sto- A
> takes millions of bottles of Hood's Sarsapa- feel the cram returning. I buy. the and I consulted a physician who pro- I heart, and my stomach was in a ter- I mach! My shop was but half a square ™
m rillft avavv vA»f ia V^nil/H^^ o , M ,T*A n n\ - medicine which helps, and _ that is nounced it a severe case of eczema. He rible condition. I had dreadful neural- j from my house, and I was obliged to 0
m rilla every year IS building a foundation of Hood's Sarsaparilla." MRS. CLARA-; said it would take a long time to cure gia pains in my side, and would be go home two or three times in a day
'0 health " and Strength, the wisdom of which BELL COOMBS. 226 State street. .., it. .1 followed, his prescriptions for dizzy and have such bad feelings in my to take some medicine or hot water to '"■' 0
\ will surely show itwlf in ft ra in nnma in ' What He Found "■■'-■■'* el « months and not obtaining any head that ; I could not walk across the relieve the pain. Many a time I went ■ \
Will surely snow ltseil in years to come in wimi " w ■■•,'.•. • relief, I went to another physician. He. room. I was sometimes afraid I would down on my hands and knees or bent 0
jv materially raising the health and Strength- AFTON, Cal.— "Since settling in the also called the trouble eczema, and said be insane. Sometimes my heart would over a chair to get relief. I took every-
0 atanrlnrrl nf flvorv nAmmnnlhr ' *•- Sacramento Valley I have been trou- It was the worst case he ever saw. I beat so hard and fast! Oh, I cannot thing I could hear of in the way of '0
A sittiiuuiu oi cveiy commumiy. bled with chills and fever. A friend told obtained no relief from medicines and i begin to tell you all I > suffered in the medicines, but found no cure until I '
I America's Greatest Medicine *
tT The Testimonials published by Hood's Sarsa- me to try Hood's Sarsaparilla and I became very anxious. One day I ask- past year! My doctor called it nerv- | began the use of Hood's Sarsaparilla. \
0' ■ «o^;iio «\.« ™+ *™™ naAn i a nnv Zm a ♦ A A w/v v bought three bottles. Very soon after dmy druggist if he* had a medicine ous prostration. At : the earnest re- The first bottle did me good and I kept 0
parilla are not from people anxiOUS to adver- I began taking it I found myself;get- that would do me good. He examined quest of a neighbor I decided to tak* on until I had taken three. The se-
0 tise themselves, nor are they purchased, but ting better, and since I have taken a rnvneck and said if" anvthlntr would Hood's Sarsaparilla, and in a little vere pain in my back, headaches, dis- . 0
4W - ' i v v J v j i few bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla I my ' necK , ana sam lr anytning wouia while I was much gratified to find I tress in my stomach, in fact, all traces ,
0 they are from people who have been cured and have never had a cnill or an mcV . of cure me it was Hood* Karsapariiia. He could eat Md sleep better. This en- of dyspepsla nave ceased, and I eat> - 0
are Willing to tell the Story of their cures for fever or any sign of these troubles." advised me to purchase three bottles couraged me to continue, and .in two sleep and work and feel so much better :
the benefit of Others who are suffering and EDWARD H. WARD. and I did so and began taking the mcdl- months I improved so much that folks that I cannot thank i Hood's Sarsapa- ' ;
jfll \ v i .1 ■. , 1 ij x i. 1 tt j> Yinoe in <snf>iot»r M/-»«/ cine. In a short time there was a de- began to say ' " ' ' rilla enough. I now have none of the
W Who by this Story may be led to take Hood's «OJ* ' "J S ° CC ' 6 % NN ° W> cided improvement.^and I continued th. <Hnw Mnr . RfltferYmi . nn . , ; blues, tired feeling or sleeplessness. I
Sarsaparilla, the medicine which cures when PENNINGTON Cal.-"Two years ago UBe of Hood's Sarsaparilla until a com- HOW Much Better YOU Look. earnestly recommend Hood's Sarsapa- A
V all others fail. These testimonials are Ly tec? 1 Fwas in 3 TiZ pletecurehadbeen effected. It is now 1 have --m taken five bottles, and am rilla as the best medicine for dyspepsia X
6 ii- v ii xl ■ n my iace. r > was in sucn a conamon f our . years ; since I was afflicted, and perfectly cured. All -those bad feelings and distress In the stomach." JONA- 48
V - Unequaled in number or quality the world that I was ashamed to jo into com- symptomB of the disease, have ever are gone, and I have gained in weight. THAN ; STEELY. ; 1119 Windsor street, 5
W over. We have hundreds from this ' State SrtUa and afS rhad'taken this mcdl returned - Hood's Sarsaparilla has done 1 feel so thankful for what Hood's Sar- Reading, Pa. v; 0
A alone. They all unite in the verdict that lcine a while I waß entirely.cured. ~I me good in other respects and I give B aparilla has done, I cannot help prals- Hood's . Sarsaparilla Is sold by all i
a™« ,; rto »o n „ o »n +U^i«in O^^ ':■!:■' ■--'-: T -> am now perfectly free from eruptions." it all the praise for the health I enjoy. '. ing it to every one." MRS. FRED A. druggists. $1; six for $5. Prepared only W
£ -. America Greatest Medicine ;IS ,',,-;- .-,..» ', CLYMA. %;-" C. C. BAILEY. Champaign, 111. TURNER, Barre, Vt. - vby:C. I. HOOD & CO., Lowell. Mass
I EJAAniC frIDCIDADII 1 & ?
# HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898*
CONSUL LEE TO
LEAVE HAVANA
All Americans Getting
Out of the City Be
iore Him.
It Is Said That One Thousand
People Will Start
To- Day.
To These Will Be Added Another
T^iousHnd Before Next
Sunday.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Dennett.
HAVANA, April s.— For some reason
the opinion is generally held by
Spaniards that American Consul-Gen
eral Lee will leave the consulate on j
Thursday, turning his affairs over to
British Consul Gullin. Americans
I have been notified from the consulate ,
that they are to leave at once. The
Mascot will to-morrow carry the
largest list of passengers ever known,
to the boat. The law's limit will be j
I exceeded by probably fifty, and from ;
250 to 350 will go.
A request was cabled to-day for two
extra boats, and the Olivette will be
here on Thursday accompanied prob- !
ably by the Florida. These will carry i
from 500 to 600 between them. Besides
these there are the Fern, Mangrove
and Bache. Tht^se are for General Lee i
and the attaches of the consulate. ;
newspaner correspondents and the few •
native-born Americans who are actual |
residents here.
The Orizaba will carry a full quota I
of passengers when she leaves to
morrow evening so that the next two
days will see not less than 1000 leaving
Havana for American shores. Another
thousand will go before Sunday it i
possible All of these will not be <
Americans, the raising of the quaran- j
tine having thrown open the gates to
all those who wish to depart.
General Lee will probably go on the
Fern, which will carry from 75 to 100 j
passengers. The Bache and Mangrove \
will carry about forty each.
All these arrangements have been
openly made and have dune much to
convince the public that the real crisis
is close at hand.
This being the case, the city Is re
markably quiet and self-contained.
There is no disorder, no demonstration.
Americans are treated with the same
courtesy shown them during all the
trying months of the winter, but while
this is true, there is no cessation of j
patriotic fervor. The streets have al
most a gala day appearance. Ladies
are out parading without the shade of
care to be seen in their faces. The j
men chat pleasantly as they watch the :
drilling of volunteers on the prado. j
The shops are open and are filled with i
purchasers. The city is one glare of |
light, martial music fills the air, and |
the clanking of arms is heard, giving
the only tinge of war to a scene which !
otherwise would be as pleasant as one
could wish to see.
KNAPP COMMANDS
THE DIOGENES.
The New American Torpedo-Boat
Somers Will Be Left in Charge
of Ensign Hazelton.
LONDON, April s.— Lieutenant John
Knapp took 'command of the new
American cruiser Diogenes to-day,
transferring the command of the new
American torpedo-boat Somers to Act
ing Ensign Hazelton. The Diogenes
will proceed to Weymouth to-morrow,
and the two vessels will sail for New
York together. It is feared they will
be unable to start before Friday, as
the Diogenes must take on a cargo of
ammunition at Weymouth.
Frenchmen Cheer Spaniards.
MADRID, April s.— Two companies
nf artillery, and two battalions of Chas
seurs sailed for the Canaries to-day.
The crew of the French training ship
Iphigene che«red the departing troops,
who with the crowds on the quays
warmly reciprocated, making a
Franco-Spanish demonstration.-
FIXING THE
RESPONSIBILITY
Who Fired the Mine That
Destroyed the Battle
ship Maine?
The United States Government
Has Something Tangible
to Go Upon.
Strong Evidence of the Sale of Sub
marine Mines to the Spanish,
Government
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs'":
Spain's official connection with the de
struction of the battle-ship Maine is in
a fair way of being definitely deter
mined. Desirous of settling the matter
one way or the other, the authorities
are conducting a quiet investigation,
based upon the evidence furnished by I
J. P. Gibbons, an electrical and mining
engineer of England, to Lieutenant J.
C. Colwell. naval attache of this Gov
ernment in London, to which the Her
ald referred this morning. It will be re
culled that the report of the United
States court of inquiry which investi
gated the loss of the Ilaine said that it
had "been unable to ■ obtain evidence
fixing the destruction of the Maine upon
any person or persons," but finding
that she was "destroyed by the explo
sion of a mine situated under her
bottom."
The administration is anxious to
have the responsibility of the vessel's
loss fixed, and upon information filed
by Mr. Gibbons with Lieutenant Col
well, is carefully looking into the
matter.
I obtained to-day a copy of Mr. Gib
bons' letter, which has been officially
received in this city.
C' ir r>mander Ri-.-hart l - on niov*"* ' ■
of the office of Naval Intelligence, will
not uibucss the letter in any \.w, ~-l
I understand from officials with whom
he has talked in relation to the matter
that he feels the evidence respecting
the selling of mines to the Spanish
Government is most important. Mr.
Gibbons' letter is dated March 7 and
re"ads:
I personally supplied the Spanish Gov
ernment with a large quantity of submar
ine mines of throe different descriptions,
500-pound ground mines, a Sort-pound buoy
ant mine and a 100-pound electric contact
mine, and I also supplied them with two
kinds of junction boxes, (.1) a box for
one seven-cord cable, (2) a box for one
single-armored cable and eight single
armored cables, each being connected by
means of disconnecting fuse, which would
naturally be fused on the fusing of the
! wire in the detonator of the mine and
consequently explode. The only practical
way of finding out the mine that sank
the' Maine, should the clivers declare that
the plates are indented inward, is by ex
amining cables from the shore to the
mine exploded. •
I understand that Mr. Gibbons was
interviewed by Lieutenant Colwell, who
said the man appeared to be thoroughly
in earnest in his belief that one of the
mines supplied by him to the Spanish
Government through ii* representative.
Captain 'Bustamente, originated • the
explosion. Mr. Gibbon? stated that the
mines were heavily galvanized and
could safely remain immersed for sev 7
eral years. He said that the cables
were especially manufactured by him
to resist an indefinite immersion, and
that if any portion could be obtained
he could readily identify it, as it was
peculiar in its construction.
According to information which has
reached this city Mr. Gibbons is a prac
tical electrician, with considerable ex
perience in submarine mining in vari
ous parts of the world, and is a former
non-commissioned officer of the Royal
Engineers. I was told to-day that Mr.
Gibbons does not appear to be finan
cially in good position, and it is sug
gested that he may be desirous of com
ing to the United States -or disposing
of his patented mines.
Especially important is Mr. Gibbons'
testimony in view of the strenuous de
nial made by the Spanish Government,
through its charge d'affaires here sev
eral weeks ago, that there were mines
in Havana harbor.
HAS REJECTED
ALL MEDIATION
McKinley Will Not Per
mit Foreign Interfer
ence at This Time.
This Is a Fact the Powers of
Europe Understand
Perfectly.
Leo XIII Will Still Bo the Strongest
Force at Work for
Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKinley has rejected all proffers of
mediation and arbitration because he
feels that nothingbut the prompt admis
sion of our full cl mand— the ultimate
independence of Cuba — will satisfy the
American people. The outside influence,
which is undoubtedly at work and be
ing proffered to both nations, must
therefore confine itself to Madrid. And
I find that even diplomats of the well
meaning nations at work believe the
influence of the church at the Spanish
capital is paramount to their own.
I am able to discredit to a great ex
tent the London dispatch widely cir
culated to-day that England has re
fused to assist the other European
powers in preventing war. It is pointed
out that the fullest denial of this is
the cautious and careful statement
made in the Ho ie of Commons last
night by Mr. Balfour First Govern
ment Representative in the lower house
and during l.ord Salisbury's illness
practically the Premier of England. He
said the British Government stood
ready to do all in its power to prevent
war.
This statement i.i reflected in the ac
tive participation of the British em
bassy here in a conference held by
leading diplomats at the instance of
their home governments. The British
Embassador was in conference with
the French Embassador and the Aus
trian Minister to-day upon the situa
tion, but they were not preparing joint
representations to be made at the State
Department. They were preparing in
formation for their Governments as to
the best course to be pursued at Mad
rid and as to how long Washington
might be expected to await the result
of Madrid negotiations.
I learn further that at least two of
them believe that time will yet remain
in which Madrid may be influenced.
This is the result of diplomatic activity
in the capital, and is highly important.
It will encourage the renewal of out
side pressure at the Escurial. While
the McKinley Government has made it
plain that it is not in any way subject
to diplomatic influence, it rtill hopes
that the Sagasta Government will fur
ther seek negotiations. The Church of
Rome, it is arguod, has more at stake
than any European Government. Aside
from the humanitarian motive which
would move it, there are immense ma
terial interests. The church's property
in Spain is enormous, and is absolutely
free from mortgage or taxation. It is
by far the most valuable holding in the
whole pninsula. It has long been cov
eted by Spanish republicans. Rome
knows that a crushing defeat at arms
would imperil the dynasty and the
monarchical government more than the
surrender of Cuba. The overthrow of
the monarchy in Spain will mean what
it meant in Mexico — the confiscation of
the great church property and the abo
lition of religious titles, which now
have precedence, and the payment of
all Government taxation. This confis
cation, constantly threatened under the
republic of 1865, would surely take place
now. That is what Rome has at stake.
Then, again, who has such power of
intervention as the Pope? He is the
holy father of both the Spanish and
Cuban armies. It is believed that the
greatest danger to follow the submis
sion of the Sagasta Government to our
demands would be revolt in the Span
ish army. No one could exercise more
influence than the Pope to prevent
•this.
CUBAN PEOPLE
WILL BE FRE ED
FROM THE DONS
That, in Effect, Is What the
Foreign Affairs Committee of
the House Will Say.
NEW YORK, April 5.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Cuba shall be no longer under the dominion of Spain, and the Spanish
flag shall be swept from the island by the land and naval forces of
the United States.
This, In a few words, is the resolution which will be presented to
the House by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to-morrow. The Re
publican members of the committee met to-night, and a unanimous
agreement was reached as to the character of the resolution to be
adopted. The differences which existed at the conference on Sunday
were reconciled, and these two propositions were a-reed to:
First-That the United States shall declare the independence of the
people of Cuba from the Government of Spain.
Second— That the President shall be authorized to employ the land
and naval forces of the United States to expel Spain from the island of
Cuba.
There will be no recognition of the republic of Cuba. The United
States will assume no obligations to the Cuban Junta in New York.
The people of Cuba, not the republic of Cuba, will be declared, not rec
ognized, as being independent of the Government of Spain. No agree
ment was reached as to the language of the resolution. This will be
left until after the President's message has been received and referred
to the committee. Many projected forms of res tions were debated,
and various propositions which were suggested for incorporation in
the resolution were talked over, but were not decided upon favorably
or unfavorably.
The only points decided upon were that Cuba should be fre? from
Spain and that the United States should expel Spain from the island.
THE LAST TRIP
TO HAVANA
Plant Line Steamer Mas
cotte Gets Her Orders
at Key West.
Will Proceed to the Cuban
Capital to Take On
Refugees.
Has Let Her Spanish Crow Go and
Will Now Bo Manned by
Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., April s.—Com
munication by steamer between Key
West and Havana is about to be
closed. The regular mail steamer
Mascotte of the Plant line, plying be
tween this point and Havana, makes
her final trip to-night, to return to
morrow night. Upon her arrival here
from Tampa Captain Hanlon, her com
mander, found instructions awaiting
him outlining his movements for the
next twenty-four hours.
The crew of the Mascotte, now com
posed chiefly of Spaniards, is to be im
mediately discharged and Americans
substituted. Many of these have
served continuously on the vessel for
several years, being desirable during
quarantine season on account of being
immune from yellow fever, thus per
mitting the steamer to have free pas
sage throughout the quarantine
season. t
Upon the arrival of the Mascotte at
Havana to-morrow, she is to be placed
under the immediate orders of Consul-
General Lee, with instructions to sus
pend every quarantine regulation and
take on board, to the utmost limit ot
the steamer's carrying capacity, every
passenger who desires to take passage,
regardless of his nationality.
The only requirement shall be a
permit from Consul Lee. The Mascotte
is to sail from Havana at 1 o'clock, or
as near to her regularly appointed
hour as possible, the intention being
to permit everybody who desires to
leave Havana the opportunity to do
so.
An American crew is now being
shipped to replace the Spaniards who
have been summarily discharged here
from the vessel.
CONSUL LEE SEES
NO PRESENT DANGER.
It Will Take Almost a Week to Get
All the American Consuls
Out of Cuba.
WASHINGTON, April s.—lnforma
tion received at the State Department
from Consul-General Lee at Havana
does not indicate that he regards him
self or the other consular officials in
Cuba in any special danger at this
time, and in reply to the suggestion
that it might be expedient for him to
hasten his departure, he has informed
the department that about ten days
would be necessary for the Consuls
throughout the island to arrange for
their departure, except in case of
emergency. No definite action has yet
been taken in regard to the removal
of the Consuls, but it seems probable
that they will be recalled within the
next day or two. The Government
has given General Lee instructions to
see to the safety of our own Consuls
and all Americans in Cuba, and has
given him full authority to go to what
ever expense is necessary, including
the hire of vessels that may be neces
sary to secure this end.
Secretary Lonf was asked late this
afternoon if he had received any ad
vices from Havana indicating a neces
sity for postponing the President's
message, to which he replied, "No, the
message will go to Congress to
morrow."
SHIPS TO TRANSPORT
AMERICAN CITIZENS.
WASHINGTON. April s.— The United
States Government has dispatched a
fleet of six vessels to Havana to trans
port Consul-General Lee and all the
United States consular officers, to
gether with all Americans now in Ha
vana and vicinity who desire to leave
the island of Cuba. The names of the
vessels are the Bache, the Fern and
the Mangrove, all Government tenders;
the Olivette and the Mascotte of the
Plant system, and the steamship City
of Key West, which have been char
tered and form a part of this fleet.
In addition to these vessels Consul-
General Lee is authorized to charter as
many other merchant vessels now lying 1
in Havana harbor as he may deem
necessary for the safe transport of
American citizens.ENGLAND'S
COUP IN THE
FAR EAST
Concessions Made by
China to Great
Britain.
Russian Aggression Off
set by Methods of
Diplomacy.
Wel-Hai-Wei Acquired Be
. cause the Czar Took
Port Arthur.
MR. BALFOUR EXPLAINS.
tiot In Aooord With th« Policy
Which Russia Has Pursued
la Asia.
Special IMipstch to The Call.
YOKOHAMA, April s.— Great
Britain's action in regard to
Wei-Hal-Wei has caused a sen
. Bfttlon here, and a large section
of the press and public urge the
• Government to adopt an active
policy.
April s.— The House of
Commons was crowded to-day with
'■people anxious to hear the statement
of. Mr. Ralfour, acting Secretary of State
.for Foreign Affairs, on the subject of
..thp situation In the far East. Mr. Bal
fi.iir .enumerated the concessions ob
tained by Great Britain — namely, that
the region of theYang-tse-Kiangsho-uld
.ijo-l; be alienated by any foreign power;
that the successor of Sir Robert Hart
; as/director of the Chinese imperial ma
ritime customs is to be an Englishman
and' that access to the inland waters
is to] be had by the ships of all nations.
A fourth concession, Mr. Balfour con
tinu>i:. waa made only a day or two
a'gu— nimely, the opening of three new
,t;•, t ;• a-t y. ports- -Tuning, Yochau and Chin
v\V:;uii?. This, according to Mr. Bal
jnqr, was a considerable harvest for
i months' negotiations.
alive to the German acquisition of
r.-iilro.ifls. Mr. Balfour said that wher
ry i.-r' thi y were constructed they must
v■: ,i benefit to British commerce. He
t:>].i..\.(l neither Germany nor Russia
h-.i'l any intention of depriving Great
.■r«ru;iin .<vf any of her rights in China.
.•;,f!jii;i!]>- had given assurance that the
:k:pUhtry occupied by her would be open
')t& *the".- commerce »>f the whole world.
Thy: Interests of Germany and Great
tin fn china were identical, and he
• 'i the two countries would be
to work hand in hand. Russia
Uu'.l also given assurances, but he was
bound t'i admit that the form of those
assurances had changed.
:.-v: .-v Touching upon Wei-Hai-Wel, Mr.
RaTfour said that, Russia having se-
I Port Arthur, on the maritime ap
proach to Peking, Great Britain had
Occupied Wei-Hal-Wei, to balance mat-
The Bpeaker added that had Rus
pnfined herself to obtaining an iee
f !•••<• commercial port as a terminus for
h.r railmad no complaint would have
made; but, unfortunately, Russia
determined t" obtain control of Port
Arthur, which was not and could not
1" mode a ••■>mmercial port. As soon
as; Great Britain heard of the negotia
viuh.s she laid her views closely before
Russia and expressed her sense of the
/•evil they were bringing upon China.
'•■< ; i>n.tinuing, Mr. Half our said:
ered, if they would abstain
. taking Port Arthur, to ourselves
a corresponding pledge to take no
• on the gulf of Pechlll. But our
was not accepted and so on March
Informed Russia that we
: should hold ourselves free to
. the necess ry stops to safe-
KK^rd our Interests, and Great Britain
lias since obtained a lease of Wei-Hai-
W- i on the same terms as those by
b Russia Becured Port Arthur.
.VVei-Hai-Wei is th ■ only port on the
(fViJf of Pechili which might balance
ssion of Port Arthur. While
Port Arthur is stronger, the aeoomm©
■dation' at Wet-HaJ-Wel is Inestimably
■greater, and by taking Wei-Hai-Wei
uji'ler our protection wo prevent the
Gulf of Pechili from falling under the
maritime control of one power, and
thus defend our interests."
: - Relative to the security of the future
Mr. Balfour said it could not b> denied
that the indications were that China
.plight collapse and, with further de
<?ay. fragments . light be snapped up by
various powers, but it would be a mis
.'take to allow Great Britain's policy to
b\e governed by remote contingencies.
•. jl added:
• "We desire to maintain the integrity
6ft- China so far as possible, but it must
be recollected that the future will prob
ulily have strange surprises in store."
Mr. Balfour said the Government
thought Russia had pursued an unfor
tunate course In taking- Port Arthur,
■which, as Russia herself said in 1895,
when Japan proposed to occupy it,
would, in the hands of any foreign
r, constitute a menace to the cap
ital of China, In conclusion he said:
"The balance of power in the far
East may be far different when the dis
ration of China has occurred. The
tjrpe may come when the great powers
will say that China shall not fall into
the hands of any one power and to embark
j'.ow upon a difficult and costly enter
prise in order to ward off a remote and
doubtful danger would be political fol
ly. Her Majesty's Government asks
the country to indorse this policy with
more confidence before we know that
Gnat T'.ritain has the sympathy of the
grf-at commercial community through
cut the world. (Cheers.)
'I believe the time may come when
ttie gr*-at commercial powers will join
In an alliance to prevent rhina falling
b prey to any exclusive influence, and
I urn convinced that Great Britain, by
continuing her present unselfish policy
of <-i"ning to all what she secures for
herself, will build up in Europe, not
Less than in America, a body of public
(international opinion which will be
more powerful than any hasty action
Britain might take at the pres
<-m moment."
Sir William Vernon Harcourt spoke
. satirically of the policy of the "open
do6r.' and asked the reason for the
change of policy. He said the treaty
of Tir-n Tsin gave British ships the
r.isht to use any port In China and
he expressed the desire to know Bpecl
li"ally whether that right was to be
infringed. Continuing, the Liberal
leader jigked for an ex&anatipn,_.o;C the
SMOKE ASCENDS
FROM THE PEAK
OF ST. HELENS
Residents Near the Northern
Mountain in Fear of a
Volcanic Eruption.
SEATTLE, April s.— Telegraphic advices received here to-night in
dicate that there is great consternation among the people living in the
towns in proximity to Mount St. Helens. The reason is that the peak
is showing plainly and distinctly evidences of an eruption.
The stately old mountain had for centuries looked peacefully down
on the valleys surrounding it until this morning, when it seemed weary
of its peaceful lassitude and began emitting great volumes r»* smoke
with every evidence of greater eruptions to follow. The near-by resi
dents, who have reported the awakening of t.e mountain, are consid
erably exercised, and hope it will have a speedy and peaceful ending. St.
Helens is a sister peak to Rainier and Adams.
"remarkable change of policy upon the
part of the Government" in taking: a
lease of Wel-Hai-Wel and setting up
a rival port with rival interests. He
added that a military occupation of
part of China miurht be necessary, but
it could not be expedient and it was
impossible to believe the occupation
would be confined to the present modest
llmlts - , . 
The Liberal leader concluded with
calling for information regarding the
Intentions of Russia, Germany and
France and as to the relations between
Oreat Britain and Japan, in view of
the former's lease of "Wei-Hal-Wel.
JAPANESE PARLIAMENT
ENTERS A PROTEST.
Calls Upon the Cabinet to Oppose
Aggressions of Russia and
Germany.
YOKOHAMA. April s.— At an impor
tant meeting of members of the upper
and lower houses of the Japanese Par
liament to-day, a resolution was
adopted calling upon the cabinet to pro
test against the action of Russia and
Germany on the same grounds as those
upon which Japan's withdrawal from
the Liao Tung peninsula was de
manded. It was also resolved to call
upon the Government to take the steps
necessary to enforce the protest. The
feeling against the cabinet's policy of
inaction is growing strongly.
SKELETON FOUND
ON A MOUNTAIN
Disappearance of a Napa La
borer Two Years Ago
Explained.
Evidence That Peter Peterson Ended
His Life With a Charga
of Shot.
Special PlFratch to The Call.
NAPA, April s.— The skeleton of a man
was found on St. Johns Mountain, west
iof Rutherford, on Sunday afternoon, by
a party of young men who were on the
mountain hunting. Coroner Keyser of
this place was notified and went to Ruth
erford this morning to hold an inquest.
The Coroner and a jury found that the
body was that of Peter Peterson, a man
who worked at the Edge Hill Vineyard.
east of Oakville. He left the place about
1 two years ago and had not been heard of
since. At the time he left he remarked
that he was going to a place where no
person would hear of him again. On
Peterson was found a bottle of brandy,
' and a shotgun was lying across the body.
The top of his head had been blown off.
■ The body had been lying on the mountain
a long time, but the clothes of the man
were in good condition. He was identified
by the gun and watch charm that were
, on him.
Peterson was a laborer, aged 34 years.
He will be buried In Yountville Ceme
: tery-
WITH A CLUB HE
RESENTS PERSECUTION
One San Quentin Convict Pummels
Another for Throwing Rocks
at Him.
SAX QUENTIN, April s.— The lute mill
in the State penitentiary was the scene
of another fight between desperate con
victs at an early hour this morning. As
: a result James Roupe, a prisoner serving
a life sentence for burglary committed in
Napa, was taken to the prison hospital,
and A. Pelanda, an Italian doing three
years for grand larceny in Kings County,
is in the dungeon on a bread and water
diet.
Roupe, better known as "Brockey the
Plumber," is now serving his fourth term
and answers to a score of aliases. Roupe
i is one of the most desperate men in the
■ penitentiary, and was implicated with
i George Williams and George Schlegal in
the attempt to wreck the New Orleans
express at Morrano station on Septem
: ber 4. 1897. Williams and Schlegal are
serving life sentences also.
The trouble leading to the fight was
caused by Roupe throwing bits of copper
and iron at Pefanda's back while the two
1 were at work in the lower part of the
lute mill among the breakers, where the
raw |ute is received and separated. Koupe
kept up the persecution for some time,
until at last Pelanda, with a curse, turned
upon him and beat him over the head
with a club.
Roupe fell, and guards rushed in and
separated the convicts. The Italian was
thrown into the dungeon, while Roupe
! was lf-d to the hospital md the wound on
his head dressed by the druggist.
The Chinaman who ties up the washing
in the laundry revolted this morning and
refused to work. He was ordered to the
dungeon, where he will receive a bread
and water diet for a few days.
DR. BRIGGS APPLIES
FOR HOLY ORDERS.
Confirmed in the Communion of the
Protestant Episcopal
Church.
NEW YORK. April s.— Dr. Briggs Is re
! ported as saying to-day:
"I have conferred at some length with
I the authorities of the Protestant Episco
i pal Church. I have been confirmed In
j the communion of that church. I was
i confirmed in Grace Church by Bishop Pot
ter within a short time. I do not care
|to be more exact as to the time. I have
applied for holy orders. No action has
as yet been taken on that application, so
far as I know. Ido not care to discuss
at the present time my reason for taking
i this step."
Concerning Professor Briggs' future re
! lations to the Vnion seminary a member
of the Presbytery said:
"An Episcopalian in the faculty of T'n
ion would be. as I understand the law,
illegal, for I am sure that the charter
requires all members to be members of
the Presbyterian Church. I know that
this question has been debated by the
trustees and is certain to afford matter
for future action."
Bisbee Miner Killed.
BISBEE. April s.— John Dolan, a miner,
while at work to-day, fell rlown a winze
a distance of thirty-five feet and died
three hours later.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
Kiets refund the money If It falls to cure. 26c
Xhe genuine baa I>. S. Q. on each tablet.
THE BAX : FKAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APBIL. 6, 1896.
SOON TO SAIL
FOR ALASKA
Captain Abercrombie's
Expedition to Go on
the Valencia.
Will Include a Hundred Rein
deer and a Party of
Laplanders.
Topographical Engineers Sent to
Make Surveys and Gather
Data.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April s.— Captain A. R.
Abercrombie arrived in the city this
evening from Vancouver Barracks. He
was accompanied by four other officers.
This party, with soldiers, Laplanders
and reindeer, comprising the Govern
ment expedition for the exploration
and survey of the Conner River coun
try, will sail for Port Valdes on the
steamer Valencia on April 7. The
stores for the expedition have arrived
here and will be placed on board ship.
The expedition, which will be led by
Captain Abercrombie, is one of the
most important in many respects that
has ever been dispatched to Alaska by
the Government. The men of the party
have been chosen with particular ref
erence to their abilities to withstand
the exposure and fatigue incident to
travel through the wilden.ess. One
hundred head of Government reindeer,
gathered in Northern Europe by the
War Department, have been placed at
the disposal of Captain Abercrombie,
and the party will be supplied with the
services of twenty Laps as herders and
drivers.
The officers of the expedition have
been chosen with an eye to peculiar fit
ness for their duties. Captain Aber
crombie is an experienced plainsman
and a traveler. His knowledge of the
country, gained in a former trip
through the Copper River country, will
be of great assistance to him.
The other officers of the expedition
who are now here are: Lieutenant P.
G. Lowe of the Eighteenth Infantry at
! Fort Bliss, Texas, a topographical en
gineer of great experience and capac-
I ity; Lieutenant J. C. Castner of the
i Fourth Infantry of Fort Sheridan, 111.,
likewise a topographical engineer; F.
C. Schrader of Washington. D. C, a
geological engineer, chosen on account
of his special qualifications for the du
ties he will discharge; Captain W. S.
Kelly, better known as "Yellowstone
Kelly," one of the most noted Indian
: fighters and scouts in the United
: States. Kelly went through the Sioux
I campaigns as the main reliance of Gen-
I eral Miles.
DENIES HE IS A MILLIONAIRE.
General Ezeta Says That His Estate
Is Much Smaller Than
Reported.
Reports have been recently made public
to the effect that General Carlos Ezeta,
the exiled President of Salvador, has
already received a settlement of his es
tates in that place, and that he now has
a sum closely bordering on $2,000,000 at his
disposal. When spoken to regarding these
reports, General Ezeta said:
"I am surprised to see in the press so
many things in relation to myself. I
deny the story of the millions. I am at
this moment demanding the restitution of
some of my property which has been
confiscated, which will not be anywhere
near the amount stated of $2,000,000.
"I have had communications to the ef
fect that the Government will return, or
has already returned my property. In
relation to the law suit, I must assure
you that there is nothing else but the
inexperience of a stranger who has not
the insight of people who wish to bleed
him. Naturally I have to resign myself
to the consequences, so that in the future
I will not be the victim of those people
again. 1 owe In Oakland, as any house
holder may owe, money, and any one
with whom I have lived will inform you
as to whether my bills have been paid on
presentation or not. Sometimes, on ac
count of the irregularity with which I
receive drafts from Central America, ow
ing to the situation there. I may have
been obliged to let bills run for a short
time."
TOASTS BY GOOD FELLOWS.
A Banquet Is Tendered John McCar-
thy by Prominent Men of
the City.
John McCarthy of the firm of McCarthy
Bros., coffee dealers, was tendered a ban
quet at Bergez restaurant, on Pine street,
by a number of his most intimate friends
last night in honor of his departure for
Europe next Thursday. Mr. McCarthy
will be accompanied by his wife and ex
pects to visit his old home in Ireland after
which they will take in England, Scot
land and France. Many happy speeches
were made and appropriate stories told
both Sheriff Whelan and Captain Witt
man having come fully prepared for the
occasion.
The following gentlemen, all personal
friends of the host, were present: Judge
Charles Conlan. Captains Spillane, Gillen
and Wittman: Sheriff Richard I. Whelan
Under Sheriff Clack. Serge-ant Thomas'
Bethel. Frank Cartan, John Ryan. A. A.
Hooper, John Van Bergen, F. Bates W
Cluff, E. W. McCarthy, G. H. Kavanagh',
John Bergez, Alex McCord, J. Lemmer
Colonel Meuser, Joseph Diamond S
Schline, J. Oulif, Captain McAllister and
Supervisors Thomas Morton and John
Laekmann.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cure. Fpmale
Ills, cured to stay cured. Dr. Gordln's, 514 Pine.
Cigarettes Are Tabooed.
HANFORD, April 6.— The Democrat is
authority for the statement that Hanford
young ladies have formed an anti-cigar
ette-young-man society, pledging them
selves not to keep company nor to re
ceive the attentions of cigarette emokera.
BLAMED FOR
THE RATE WAR
Canadian Pacific Scored
for Its Antagonistic
Policy.
President of the Grand Trunk
of Canada Talks to
Shareholders.
Says the Transcontinental Line Is
Seeking to Crush Connect
ing Roads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April s.— Sir Charles Riv
ers Wilson, president of the Grand
Trunk Railway of Canada, in a speech
at the shareholders' meeting to-day
said the principle which the present
board had always followed was to F seek
the maximum amount of business at
the minimum cost. He reviewed the
business of the company in detail.
Referring to the rate war, the presi
dent declared that the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad desired an exclusive con
tract with the Grand Trunk Railroad
in order to weaken the Chicago con
nection and damage the Grand Trunk
Railroad's connecting roads to Chicago.
The Grand Trunk Railroad, the speaker
explained, would never give up its close
alliance with its allies.
On the larger question of differen
tials and the Klondike business the
president said that the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad had yet to prove its title
to a differential. The negotiations
would be continued next month and it
was believed an agreement would be
reached.
The president declared the future was
filled with the brightest promise.
An attack upon the board was made
by Mr. Baker of Bristol, who declared
there was no truth in a statement of j
the president regarding the Grand
Trunk Railway not beginning the rate
war, which, according to Mr. Baker,
was brought about in the interest of
the American allies of the road. The |
president denied Mr. Baker's assertion.
The retiring directors were re-elected.
CHICAGO, April s.— Western passen
ger agents held a meeting here to-day
to agree on a common line of action
to be pursued by them at the confer- |
ence to be held with the Canadian Pa
cific next Tuesday, in New York, of the
settlement of the present transconti
nental passenger rate war.
A resolution was offered providing
that the Canadian Pacific be notified
that owing to the position taken by
the Interstate Commerce Commission
in its recent decision, the American
roads are no longer in position to al
low it differential rates on any class of
business whatever. While there were
no negative votes on this resolution
some of the roads withheld their votes
and the proposition is still open for dis
cussion. The whole tone of the dis
cussion was decidedly opposed to mak-
ing any concessions to the Canadian
Pacific road. The meeting will con
tinue its deliberations to-morrow.
TRAVEL OVER THE ICE
HAS BEEN ABANDONED.
Gold-Seekers Are Waiting for the
Ice in the Yukon, to
Break Up.
SEATTLE. April s.— The steam schooner
South Coast arrived to-day from Fort
"W'rangel. She brought down twenty
three passengers, mont of whom are pros
pective gold dippers who had grown
tired trying to get up the Stickeen.
The South Coast's officers report that
travel over the ice has been entirely
abandoned, and that every one is waiting
for the ice in the river to break up. The
weather this winter has been remark
ably mild, and it is believed that the
river will be nppn for steamer traffic
much earlier than usual. The ice is now
said to be running out. If another cold
snap should come of course the opening
of the river would be delayed.
Winners at Two Tracks.
NASHVILLE, April 6.— Weather clear; track
fast.
Maidens, half-mile— Lieber Anton won. Miss
M^ndp second. Hermion third. Time, :SS.
Selling, thirteen-slxteenths of a mile— Mazeppa
won, Albert S second, Vunnessa third. Time
1:26%.
Bellemean'e stakes, for 2-year-old colts, half
mile—W. Overton won, Clarence B second, Mc-
Carren third. Time, :bO%.
One mile, selling— Maggie won, Blltheful sec
ond, Tessle L third. Time, 1:49.
Purse for 3-year-olds and upwards, five and
one-half furlongs— Muusiiuetac won, Graefin
second, Mrs. Bra'lshaw third. Time, 1:13.
Five and one-half furlongs— Sierra Gorda
won, Lauretta D second. Pearl third. Time,
1:12.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 6.— Weather
clear; track fart.
Four furlongs— Prince McClury won, Dressier
second. Motive third. Time. :51<4.
Six furlongs, selling — Mover won, Spanish
Princess second, Cuba Free third. Time. 1:19.
Four furlongs— Gay Parisjpnne won, Ex.t
second, Miss Dooley third. Time, :f>lM:-
Five and one-half furlongs— Banni>ckburn
won, Eleanor Holmes second. Horseshoe To-
Bacco third. Time, 1:10.
bacco third. Time, 3:10.
ond, Protus third. Time, l:\~u,.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6REAT EXCITEMENT!
Our store has been crowded with Interested buyers outfitting for Klondike
and the ticket offices with tourists and prospectors ever since we offered in
Sunday's Call
FREE PASSAGE TO ALASKA
On ;* the new, safe, swift-going steamer Humboldt, which leaves here on its
fourth trip in a day or two, If they bought outfits of us as mentioned there.
We have everything to make the trip cheerful, profitable and comfortable. You
get the benefit of our cut prices on sleds, boats, stoves, provisions, clothing,
tools, furs, blankets and sundries.
Ask Every Man
You meet and he will tell you he never before in the history of commerce and
travel knew of an offer so liberal, so just and so reasonable. Will you accept
it? Answer quickly. . •
■fli hhhHh^hhh^^ ■ MB i **/ I "^ Dy| BKBB f3fl \ KSti ' VQL \ iß^^V T
The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
CMH J^L^EBBi A " car " ncs terminate here. 7 big floors bulging
•^■Bpw^- • *^WM fS J with goods at retail to consumers everywhere for cash
V^H Bfflj SP' only. 44-page list ready. Send 'for It. We guarantee
V^H^H^BflgPv^^ a " the goods we sell. Liberality our motto. The store
• that deals honestly with. all the people— all the time.
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
ELECTIONS IN
EASTERN CITIES
Reform Forces Triumph
ant in the Contest at
Chicago.
In Milwaukee the Fusionists
Capture Everything in
Sight.
Republicans Carry the Day in Lin
colrt, Nebr., the Horns of
Bry«n.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April s.— ln the Alder
manic elections to-day the reform ele
ment elected twenty-five out of thirty
five candidates. Those elected have
pledged themselves to demand for the
city compensation for all public fran
chises. With thirteen holdovers the re
form element will have thirty-eight
votes in the City Council, or a majority
of three. The politics of the Aldermen
elected were: Democrats, 17; Republi
cans, 17; independent. 1.
The returns for town officers show
that the Democrats were successful in
electing the town tickets in the three
great divisions of the city — north,
south and west. The Democrats also
elected the town officers in the town of
Lake. The Republicans elected their
candidates for town officers in Hyde
Park, Lakeview and Jefferson. In
Cicero the entire Republican ticket was
elected.
With the exception of the Nineteenth
Ward, where the reform element was
j defeated in its opposition to Alderman
John Powers, the election passed off
quietly. About 68 per cent of last
spring's mayorality vote was cast.
MILWAUKEE, April s.— The munici
pal election which was held in this city
I resulted in a landslide for the Demo
cratic-Populist ticket, which elected the
entire city ticket by a plurality of about
6000. David S. Rose will be the next
Mayor. It was a victory for munici-
I pal ownership of public utilities. The
convention which nominated the suc
cessful candidates also indorsed the
platform of the Chicago convention
which nominated W. J. Bryan. The
complexion of the new City Couucil will
also be decidedly Democratic, being
composed of twenty-eight Democrats
and fourteen Republicans.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April s.—Republi
cans elected their entire city ticket to
day by slightly reduced majorities in
a few instances, a factional fight in
the party growing out of the impeach
ment trial of Mayor Graham being
responsible. The fusionists elected
three of the seven Couneilmen. Poli
tics cut little figure over the State,
where the licensing of saloons was the
main issue.
KANSAS CITY, April s.— At 1 a. m.
returns had been received from but 42
of the 13S election precincts in Kansas
City, but the indications are that
James M. Jones (R.) has been re
elected Mayor over Frank P. Sebree
(D.) by something over 1000 majority,
and that Jones will run about 1000 be
hind the other candidates on the Re
publican ticket. The Council is wholly
in doubt, but both sides are claiming
a majority of members elected.
LEADVILLE. Colo., April s.— The
city election here to-day was carried
by the Silver Republicans. The
straight Republicans, Populists and
Democrats had tickets in the field.
ELECTIONS ON THE COAST.
Republican Nominees at Tacoma
Win by Large Majorities.
TACOMA, April s.— The Republican
city ticket was elected to-day by ma
jorities ranging from 300 for Johnson
Nickeus for Mayor to 1061 for W. A.
Sternberg for Treasurer. The Repub
licans also elected six out of eight
Councilmen and will have a good work
ing majority. The issue was sharply
drawn on the question of payment of
a large amount of city warrants which
had once been paid by a fcrmer City
Treasurer and subsequently reissued to
innocent parties. The fusionists In
their platform declared against pay
ment of these warrants.
LAS VEGAS, New Mex., April 5.—
The Republican city ticket was to-day
defeated by the combined opposition.
Las Vegas is the home of Governor
Otero.
DENVER, April 5.— A special to the
News from Panta Fe, New Mex., says:
The straight Republican city ticket
was elected to-day over the fusion
ticket by a decisive majority.
San Rafael's Hose Festival.
SAN RAFAEL., April s.— The ladles'
committee of the San Rafael Rose Fes
tival has agreed upon a queen, and the
honored lady's name will be announced
to-morrow. The finance committee re
ports a number of large money donations,
and the decorators are completing thoir
plans for the decoration of the streets.
Many floats have been designed and tha
festival promises to be a greater success
than any entertainment heretofore held
in San Rafael.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SKILLFUL SPECIALIST
AND HIS NEW DISCOVERY.
IfEip ill, : pi ! 1
The Eminent Physician and Scientist Who Has Proved That All
Kidney, Bladder and Uric Acid
Troubles Can Be Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of trje Great
Discovery Sent free by Mail.
As we are by nature subject to many |
diseases, the only way to guard
against all stampedes on our healthisto
make a study of our own physical self.
If a peculiar pain attacks you, try to |
locate its origin and discover which or- j
gan of the body is sick and in need of
attention.
If the kidneys are at fault — and in
almost every case in the failing of our
health they are— look well to their res-
toration to health and strength.
They are the great filters of our body,
and consequently, the purity of the
blood is entirely dependent on their
cleansing powers.
If the kidneys are not in a perfectly
clean and healthy condition, the blood
becomes impregnated with Impurities
and a decay of the kidneys soon takes
place. If your desire to relieve your- i
self of water increases, and you find
It necessary to arise many times dur-
ing sleeping hours, your kidneys are |
sick. As they reach a more un-
healthy stage, a scalding and irritation
takes place as the water flows, and :
pain or dull ache in the back makes j
you miserable. If the water, when al-
lowed to remain undisturbed for
twenty-four hours, forms a settling or
sediment, you are in the grasp of most
serious kidney or bladder disorders.
If neglected now the disease advances
until the face looks pale or sallow,
puffy or dark circles under the eyes,
the feet swell, and sometimes the heart
acts badly.
Directory or
/V' 1 / V\Z V ' - TRANSPOPTATION-Continued.
(^^^^S/ TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
'ii^affla'^^ Via DYEA and SKAGUAY can arrange to
wßs/lff \ '^S.^'SKS'^ nave their provisions sent via St. Michael
Ft )'m • iftr^Bffiffi and the Yukon River, by applying to
(sjs^ti« ALASKA-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO..
///niii^iilir 3 STEUART ST San Francisco, Cal.
///i^N^nSW'' l^^Jl ■ BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
ill I v X^r' lZH~^^« ' owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
//. ../-, >•'/ ~^T" as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500Z
/ IjNilM^ IP 0 feet; our new modern steamer. Alice
lln-l'/i Rlx. .stops there pcln>; to Dawson City; our
/ II A y book free Alaska Transportation Co., 224
•:-./' % Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House.
TRANSPORTATION.
• KOTZEBOE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
Jfk ;'■:■'.■ ALASKA.
.",^a BARK MERMAID
jn*vL " LEAVES MAY Ist.
rf^teJM SS AGE.....$ 12. 00
¥fl fW Space allowed for lVi tons bag-
_Wm33afS,. -, K-ige for each passenger.
fH"3?ipr- Office 26 California st
■^S^S^zr— HENRY L. BORIiEN. Gen. Mgr.
~ % "' capt. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1893. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYXDE &
HOUGH CO.. 40 California St., San Francisco.
or to A. . H. Herrtman, general manager, 201
Front St., San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLI»
-•. bpetilalLst cures Prlvate.Nervous.Blood Htid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
years' oxpprlence. Bend for Book, Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 8
dallv;6:3otoB.3ocv'rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
- 1». roscoe McKui/rr, w. D.,
99\i Kearnr (itre pi. Kan Francitoit. <P«|.
■ .■■*;•'-•■•'■-;■*■ ~' ■ -.a: ~ ■ ' ~. '':
There is no more serious menace to
health and strength than any derange-
ment of the kidneys.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician and
specialist, and will be found just what
is needed in cases of kidney and blad-
der disorders and Uric Acid troubles
due to weak kidneys, such as catarrh
of the bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright'a Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney disease.
It corrects inability to hold water and
promptly overcomes mat unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and get up many times
during the night.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of this great remedy is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures, and is dispensed by druggists in
fifty cent and one dollar bottles.
So universally successful is Swamp-
Root in quickly curing even the most
distressing cases, that to Prove its won-
derful merits you may have a sample
bottle and a book of valuable infor-
mation, both sent absolutely free by
mail upon receipt of three two-cent
stamps to cover cost of postage on the
bottle. The value and success of
Swamp-Root are so well known that
our readers are advised to write for a
sample bottle and to kindly mention the
San Francisco Daily Call when send-
ing their address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamt' » N. Y.
Copyright, 1888— Dr. K. A Co.
TRANSPORTATION-Continued.
TRAVELERS t % DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAT can arrange to
have their provisions sent via. St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION- CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 X
100 feet; our new modern steamer, Allca
Rlx. stops there gclny; to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House. ■
GAS ENGINES.
ONION GASINGJNECOi
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. SB. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & IT
READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-clasa deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
.„ _- - _SLEDS. BOATB. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, ./-rctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with,
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can b«
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third '
st. 'Phone Red 2361. . '
Ch'i-L'"«'.>rY En«iUh Diamond Brand. '
Pennyroyal pills
f ~^S"*V Orlfftnol and Only Gemtlne. A
j-^/fA^K •Arc, aiwty% reU&bla. ladies ask at\
rtfi. VKSi}* Druggist in 'Chiihuttcr't Bnoluh I>i*PJ%\
Mrf>ki*W£f«AtKcnd il "" il in K<- J and Gold me:*lllo\Vß'
"X —^Wv^bozei. soiilijd with bine ribbon. Take VBr
vn %s*ti*}i<) other. Refute dangtrmt* tii b'titu- V
I/ .~ Aftiom nnd imitnUcns. At Drn^istn, or i«u44«,
I tm Jff I" ft&mpf for particular*, fttimonlitr. ml
' "■• B ■ " Rollof for Ladle*." in Uttrr, by mtwrn
«-l F MulL 10.000 TcttlmoDtals. Ham» .'aper.
- - ■rCWcke«f*rCUcmic»lt,'o^Miid!»mini«»r«»
■U hr all Local DroodiO. .. PHII.A I>J»
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM lAN A BITTERS. "XBM
great Mexican Remedy; glvea health ul
m*m ■ n tk.. to th« aexuaJ orxana.
34
READY TO
FIGHT FOR
OLD GLORY
California Naval Reserves
and Militia Awaiting
Orders.
Within a Few Hours This State
Would Respond With Men
and Cash to a Call From
Washington.
SACRAMENTO, April s.— California's |
contribution to the strength of the na- •
tlon's forces on land and sea is ready, j
In forty-eisht hours two war vessels ;
could be offieored and manned from the
State's naval militia, and in the same
length of time forty-nine companies of .
infantry, four companies of cavalry and
three from the signal corps— in all 5000
men— could be on the way to t!te field j
of battle. Adjutant-General Barrett, |
in speaking of the efficiency and con
dition of the naval militia and National
Guard of California, said to-day to The I
Call correspondent:
"No State in the Union is better pre
pared to meet a call from the Presi
dent for arms and men than is Cali
fornia. In anticipation of the war with
Spain it was directed by the Gover
nor yesterday to send the following
message to the War Department at
Washington:
To the Secretary of the Navy, Wash
ington,. D. »".: i am directed by the Gov
ernor to inform you that California will
furnish the necessary number of compe
tent officers and men from her naval mi
litia to man the Monadnock or Monterey
complete, should occasion arise, and more
it" Deeded.
A. W. BARRETT, Adjutant General.
"Immediately following the sending
of the message and before the answer
came we received from the department
this letter:
Department of the Navy.
Washington, P. C, March ::i. 1898.
To Governor James H. Budd— Sir: The
department requests that you will immo
. pi <l to put the naval militia
of your St:tte in a thorough condition to
tneel any sudden call for their services hy
the President of the United States. The
divisions should be recruited to their full
strength and thoroughly drilled. A care
ful Inspection should be made of all the
vessels In ports "i' your State that can
be utilized for a mosquito f!o«-t. in aeeord
ance with the Instructions and blanks
s=ent to the Attorney General.
T. ROOSEVELT,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
"In answer I forwarded this reply:
SACRAMENTO. April 5, 1888.
Sir: Replying to your letter of March
"1, ISOS, to the Governor, requesting that
the naval militia of this State be put In
a proper enmition for a sudden call into
active service by the President of the
ted States. I will state that this oom
munlcation has been anticipated for some
time by this office, and steps have been
already taken to place the naval militia
of this State on a thoroughly efficient and
competent basis. I have, the honor to
report to you that California stands
ready, and is willing, to furnish the
United States Government with six well
officered and well drilled divisions of
naval militia, also an engineer division
which is thoroughly competent to man
the United States coast defense vessels
Monterey or Monadnock, or any other
vessel which they may bo assigned to.
I am now having the reports made as to
what vessels can be had that could be
utilized fur a mosauito fleet, as in ac
cordance with your communication of re
cent date. I will soon be able to give you
more definite information regarding this
matter. Trusting that this communica
tion may be satisfactory to your depart
ment, 1 am sincerely yours,
A. W. BARRETT, Adjutant-General.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, "Washington,
D. C.
"To-day I received another dispatch
from the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy as follows:
WASHINGTON, April 5.
To the Adjutant-General of the State
of California: Convey to the Governor
this department's thanks for the infor
mation as to the strength of thf> naval
militia, T. ROOSEVELT,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
When asked what arrangements had
been made for supplies to the National
Guard in the event of war the adju
tant-general replied:
"We have been in communication
with different merchants throughout
the State, and at a moment's notice
could supply our men with ten days'
rations."
"In what condition are the arms?"
was asked.
"For the most part good," he replied.
"We have now before Congress a reso
lution which will enable us to make an
exchange of our arms, and as soon as
that resolution passes we will be splen
didly equipped in that respect."
"How about the clothing of the sol
diers?"
"New uniforms for the entire guard
have been ordered and nre ready."
'"What returns, if any, have been
made from the recent inspections?"
"Those I have received have been
verbal, and they show the guard to be
in a splendid condition in every par
ticular."
Referring again to the naval militia
the general continued:
"The naval militia of California has
been used as an example to other
States by the officers of the United
States navy, who have been sent out
here to make inspections. Lieutenant
W. 8. Hughes, the last one here, and
who recently reported to Washington
for duty, told me Just before he left
that he would not hesitate to recom
mend our State naval officers and men
to the task of managing any man-of
war that might be given them. I feel
equally confident myself, and in the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears* soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
event of war California officers and
men will acquit themselves to the com
plete satisfaction of the State and na
tion."
The office of General Barrett pre
sents a busy scone, and between the
correspondence and visits of men from
all portions of the State, making in
quiry as to the state of affairs, the gen
eral and his assistants are kent on the
run day and night. The following let
ter is a fair sample of the kind that are
being received there now. It is dated
at Visalia, is addessed to the adjutant
general and is as follows:
In the event of war with Spain I desire
a place in the medical department, either
as surgeon's assistant or hospital nurse.
ELIZABETH R. OSTROM, M. D.
The power lodged in the Governor as
commander-in-chief of the military
and naval forces of the State enables
him, with the consent of one other
member of the State Board of Exam
iners, to raise any sum of money he
may deem necessary for the public de
fense. In fact, the Governor, on his
own motion, may exercise that power.
It is not necessary to convene the Leg
islature in extra session; hence the ex
pense of asession, which is considerable,
may be saved and the money applied to
the equipment of troops.
In the event of a declaration of war
to-morrow, the Governor, the Attorney-
General and the Secretary of State
could meet and authorize a deficiency
of $500,000 to be created. In supreme I
emergency this allowance might be i
multiplied, as "ie constitution places '
no restriction on the means to be em- i
ployed to repel invasion. The unani- i
mous voice of r Board of Examiners
is not required under the law to author- i
ize creation of the deficiency, but the j
assent of two members is required by
the provisions of the general appropria- I
tion bill for the maintenance of the
State Government.
Whenever an appropriation is made ;
for the support of any department or
Institution of the California State
Government, and the money so ap- i
propriated is insufficient for proper I
maintenance, the head of the depart- j
ment >>r institution is entitled to make
an application to the State Board of ;
Examiners to create a deficiency. The I
Board of Examiners makes inquiry as !
to the merits of the application and in j
its judgment may authorize the defi- j
ciency to be created. An appropriation !
having been made in the regular man
ner for the support of the National
Guard and the Naval Reserve as an or- !
ganization of the Guard, the Governor, i
as the head of the department, may !
apply to the Board of Examiners for !
power to create a deficiency.
In Now York, Ohio, Illinois and lowa
and other States it is necessary for the
respective Legislatures to be convened
and measures of appropriation passed
in order to provide money to equip, or
ganize and purchase supplies for the
military forces of the State. The power
vested by the constitution and the laws
in the chief executive officer of Califor
nia enables him to act promptly and to
provide money necessary for placing
the troops in the field at the disposal
of the general Government. Of course
it is well understood and accepted as
an established national principle that
Congress never hesitates to reimburse
a State for money advanced to meet
emergencies of this character.
When the National Guard of this
State was called out to suppress the |
tumult growing out of the railroad |
strike Governor Markham could have I
called the members of the State Board j
of Examiners. A resolution could have i
been adopted authorizing a deficiency, !
and the money for the expenses of the i
campaign might have been drawn di- I
j rectlv from the State treasury. Gov- '
I ernor Markham preferred that the sup- I
plies should be purchased on a pledge !
of the State's credit and the subject of
payment referred to the Legislature. It I
Is called to mind that the troops ob- I
tamed subsistence and transportation i
on credit of the State, but excessive
prices were charged for all kinds of!
supplies furnished. The Legislature, '
when it was convened in regular ses- j
sion, promptly paid all the demands,
among them many extortionate claims.
The officers and enlisted men were also I
paid for the time that they were on
duty.
When it becomes necessary to call out
the military and naval forces of the
State. Governor Budd will pursue a
course different from that adopted by !
Governor Markham. As commander- ;
in-chief, he will provide cash directly !
for the equipment and organization and
subsistence of the forces, and get the
advantage which the buyer in the mar
ket derives from the ability to pay
cash. On such requisition, with proper
voucher, no dealer would think of
charging more than the market price
fur an article required by the troops.
Governor Budd has given due con
sideration to the subject of convening
the Legislature in extra session. He
understands fully that great expense
is attached to a session of the Legis
lature apart from tho per diem of mem
bers and attaches. The cost of light
ing, heating and providing service in
the building is not small. The expense
of printing and binding is great. AH
things considered, it is regarded as a
waste of money to call the members
of the Legislature together in extra
session to perform tho duties which the
Governor is authorized by law to exe
cute.
Governor Budd is fully apprised as to
the condition of the various funds in
the State treasury. Tt is estimated ;
that $1,000,000 could be used without
embarrassment to the public service
The item of $250,000 appropriated for
the debris dams could be used and re
appropriated at the next regular ses- '
sion. i
Recently the Governor and adjutant
general went over the field of probable
action in calling out the troops of the
State. Tho judgment of the Attorney-
General has been Jisked. and it may be
said now that California is in position
to respond at twelve hours' noWce to
any demand the Prosident may make
for the support of this Stato in carry
ing out measures of national defense.
No State in the Union is in position to
respond more readily than California.
THE BXN FBAKCISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
WAR SHOULD
BE DECLARED
Senators Maintain That
Our Dead Must Be
Avenged.
Turner Denounces Minister
Woodford's Course at
Madrid.
Charges Also That McKinley's Sec
retary Is Collecting Peace
Memorials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 5.
"The United States ought immediate
ly to declare war against Spain and
maintain that war until the people of
Cuba are free from Spanish starvation
1 and cruelty, and the government of the
' island firmly established as an inde
i pendent republic."
This utterance by Senator Chandler
of New Hampshire in a carefully pre
pared statement of his position on the
Cuban crisis, was the climax of an ex
tended discussion of the subject par
ticipated in by several members in the
Senate this afternoon. Speeches had
been delivered b;- Turner of Wash
ington, Harris of Kansas and Ken
ney of Delaware, all of whom took
strong grounds for vigorous and in
stant action by the United States. In
deed, Turner took substantially the
same position as Chandler, basins his
demand for action upon the Maine
catastrophe.
Profound attention was attracted by
a speech delivered by Turpie of
Indiana, one of the members of the
Foreign Relations Committee. Briefly
but scathingly he reviewed th-> Spanish
conduct of Cuban affairs and declared
in the strongest terms for intervention
that would mean something — that
would drive Spain from the control of
every foot of territory in the Western
hemisphere. The speech was a clear,
concise statement of the position in
which this country had been placed
"by Spanish outrages, insults and
crimes."
At the conclusion of the speeches on
the Cuban question the Senate resumed
consideration of the sundry civil bill,
the only important progress made be
ing the adoption in slightly modified
form of the committee amendment sus
pending the forestry reservation proc
lamation of 1897.
Caffery of Lousiana presented a
telegram from the commercial bodies
of New Orleans, which he desired to
have read.
"Is this one of the stereotyped tele
grams in favor of peace which we are
receiving at this time?" inquired Cock
rell of Missouri.
"If it were stereotyped, and if such
telegrams were being sent from all
parts of the country," replied Caffery,
"I should be very glad of it."
"I suppose it is one of the peace tele
grams," said Cockrell, "as I hold in
my hand one of a similar nature from
the Republican City Committee of
Kansas City, Mo."
Platt of Connecticut said that while
he sympathized with the tenor of the
telegrams, he did object to the inser
tion of such matters in the record.
The resolution offered by Turner of
Washington, declaring war against
Spain, was laid before the Senate, and
its author took the floor in advocacy
of it.
The speech was brief, but was given
the most careful attention by both the
galleries and the Senate.
"The fateful question of peace or
war," he began, "belongs in its last
analysis to the Congress of the United
States. Believing in this, I have no
apology for the resolution I have of
fered. I have the greatest respect for
the President and his office, but I have
never been one to 'bend the pregnant
hinges of the knee, that thrift might
follow fawning.' The time has now ar
rived when some expression ought to
be made on this subject by this na
tion. A spectacle has been made of th*
United States in the whole matter.
"With a diplomatic representative at
Madrid," declared Turner, "complicat
ing the business of this country and
defeating even his own frantic efforts
for peace at any price; with a private
secretary— the alter ego of the Presi
dent — circulating appealß throughout
the country for petitions and memo
rials to control an unruly and unpatri
otic- Congress; with the manner in
which the fate of oyr battle-ship was
treated by this ountry; with the fran
tic appeals for delay, it is not surpris
ing that the American people are out
raged and have given notice to take
the whole matter into their own
hands."
Discussing the Maine disaster, upon
which Turner practically based his
speech, he declared no reasonable man
could fail to realize that the battle
ship was destroyed through the cow
ardice and perfidy of Spanish officials,
who, by their action, made their Gov
ernment responsible for the crime. The
same officials who had laid the mine
had anchored the Maine over it and
had exploded it. The act was cowardly
and perfidious in the extreme, and con
stituted warfare. Turner declared
that it was immaterial whose was the
hand that sent the electric spark on its
fatal mission. Spain was in every sense
responsible for the act— an act that
ought properly to be resented by the
United States.
A brief but pointed statement of his
position on the Cuban question was
then made by Harris of Kansas. After
reviewing the position of the United
States and Spain with reference to
Cuba, he maintained that for a long
t me this country had been fully jus
tified in enforcing her demands by
armed intervention.
Turpie of Indiana, a member of the
foreign Relations Committee, followed
in a bitter denunciation of Spain and
Spanish policy.
THE POPE ONLY
SOUGHT FOR TIME.
He Had No Illusions About Media-
tion as Between the United
States and Spain.
LONDON, April s.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily News says: Both
the Pope and Cardinal Rampolla, papal
secretary, declare that they never had
any illusions about mediation, knowing
that the United States would reject it
and that, any way, it would cause bad
blood between Catholics and Protest
ants there. In fact, the Vatican has
received several dispatches from prom
inent Americans saying the interven
tion of the Pope might seriously retard
the progress of Catholicism in America.
The Pope's only object now is to gain
time fo that both Spain and America
may reflect.
I have heard also that influential pre
lates at the Vatican consider it is well
for the church and the prestige of the
papacy that the undertaking of the
Pontiff proved abortive. They think
that if Leo had been appointed medi
ator he would have found himself in a
delicate position, as, because of his
known affection for Spain, and being
godfather of King Alfonzo, he would
have been open to a suspicion of sym
pathy with Spain, and unless the nde
pendence of Cuba had been granted
the I nited States would have been dis
satisfied.
He would havo found a great ob
stacle also in having to declare for or
against the Monroe doctrine. Strange
to observe, while the intervention of
the Pope, no matter how noble and
genorous, is considered by outsiders a
failure, at to-day's weekly reception
of the diplomatic body by Cardinal
Kampolla he received and accepted
congratulations on the Pope's proceed
ings at Washington.
Cardinal Rampolla himself asserted
that these proceedings had had the re
sult of delaying President McKinley's
message, and he made" it understood
that negotiations were continuing, with
a prospect of obtaining an armistice in
Cuba. It is announced that the Pope,
in order to set the real truth before the
world, will in due time publish a his
tory of the whole affair.
FORT SHERIDAN TROOPS
WILL MOVE TO-NIGHT.
CHICAGO, April 6.— The Times-Her
ald says: Fort Sheridan soldiers will
move to-night at midnight unless con
trary orders are received. The news is
given out by one in authority, but who
will not be quoted. The 800 or more
soldiers of the Fourth Regiment at the
fort will be on their way south, it is
said, by dawn on Thursday.
It is said on the same authority that
the regiment will probably go to Chat
tanooga. The regiment will be trans
ferred at midnight to avoid publicity.
As a part of the war preparations at
Fort Sheridan, the officers have drawn
camp outfits from the quartermaster's
department.
FLYING SQUADRON TO
SEIZE THE CANARIES.
NEW YORK, April s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of a conservative
morning paper says: "The flying
squadron, under command of Commo
dore Schley will move on and seize the
Canaries within twenty-four or forty
eight hours. This from the Navy De
partment is the first positive war order
issuod.
"If it meets the Spanish flotilla the
squadron will capture or destroy it.
The islands will be made the base for
the operations of this country against
Spain."
ITALY SELLS TORPEDO
BOATS TO AMERICA.
NEW YORK, April 6.— A dispatch
from Rome says that the Italian Gov
ernment has sold three first-class tor
pedo-boats to the United States and de
nies that Spain has been able to ob
tain the Italian warship Garibaldi.
ENGLISHMEN BATTLE
WITH DERVISHES.
ABADAR CAMP, south of the Atbara,
Nubia, April s.— Areconnolssance In force,
with cavalry, artillery and two Egyptian
battalions, to the camp of Mahmoud
Pasha this morning brought the enemy
out in force. The fighting lasted from 9
o clock until 10:30. The British loss was
six killed and ten wounded. The Der
vishes lost about 200.
DOWNPOUR OF RAIN.
SACRAMENTO, April 6.-Rain set in
to-night at about 11 o'clock, and is now
falling at a lively rate. Word^was also
received that a good downpour was being
received at Woodland.
STOCKTON, April 6.— Rain commenced
falling here at midnight, and while it Is
not a3 heavy as the farmers would like
to see, there has been a steady precipita
tion and all indications point to a good
rainfall before morning. The wind is
blowing from the south and heavy clouds
are hanging over the city. Liberal rains
are reported up the San Joaquin Valley,
and the crops will be greatly benefited by
the moisture.
SAN JOSE, April 6.— lt began raining
about 11 o'clock to-night and indications
are that it will continue until morntng.
Rain Is needed for the grain crops, and
a number of good showers during the
present month will insure a good fruit
crop. The total rainfall to date is 6.04
inches.
MISSION OF
THE TEXAS
Probably Ordered to Sea
to Protect American
Cruisers.
Will Meet the San Francisco
and New Orleans on the
Atlantic.
Belief That Spanish Warships Had
Been Sent to Intercept
Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 15.-The Journal to
morrow will publish the following
Washington special: The battleship
! Texas, which has been In New York un
dergoing some slight repairs, has been
| ordered to proceed at once to sea as
soon as she has finished coaling Her
destination is a secret, and Captain
Phihp, her commanding officer, will
learn whither he is bound only when
he opens his orders at sea.
It is the impression that the vessel
will proceed to the regularly traveled
lines of trans-Atlantic commerce, and
there await the arrival of the cruisers
San Francisco and New Orleans, now
on their way to the United States.
There is considerable anxiety among
naval officers for their safety, for It is
thought probable that the Oquendo and
Vizcaya did not go to Porto Rico, as
was given out at the time they sailed
from Havana, but that they have
steamed north, and are awaiting the
arrival of the two American ships
somewhere near the coast. If this is
true they could easily capture them as
soon as found, thus striking a stinging
blow at the American navy at the very
outset of hostilities.
Nothing has been officially heard of
the two Spanish vessels and their
whereabouts is a matter of uncer
tainty. _______^__^_
SALE OF ORANGES
TO HELP CUBANS.
A Carload From Riverside Will Be
Offered at Public Auction in
New York on Thursday.
NEW YORK, April s.— For the bene
fit of the Cuban relief fund, a carload
of California oranges will be sold at
public auction on Thursday afternoon.
These have been sent by the Chamber
of Commerce of Riverside, Cal., in con
junction with the Riverside Fruit Ex
change.
There are about 300 boxes of fruit in
the consignment. The entire proceeds
of the sale will be turned over to the
Cuban Relief Society, each person en
gaged in packing, shipping and selling
the fruit having contributed his serv
ices. Members of the fruit trade are
prepared to do their share of buying,
and ask for the co-operation of the
general public. It is expected that
from $1000 to $2000 may be realized from
the sale of the oranges.
TORPEDOES SHIPPED TO
THE UNITED STATES.
War Materials Purchased in Ger-
many and Austria Are Now
on the Way.
BERLIN, April 5.— A1l of the pur
chases made by Lieutenant-Commander
A. P. Niblock, the United States naval
attache here, in Germany and Austria,
have been safely shipped. The war ma
terials consist largely of Schwartzkopp
torpedoes. Comrr nder Niblock has re
ceived many offers of vessels and ma
terials, including North German Lloyd
steamers; but the ships offered will not
be finished for months, so the negotia
tions were dropped.
Spain has not purchased any vessels
in Germany.
INSURANCE COMPANY
REFUSES A WAR RISK.
Declines to Issue a Policy for an
American Vessel to Sail
From Cuba.
NEW YORK April s.— Officers of one
of the marine insurance companies de
murred to-day about accepting a war
risk upon an American vessel sailing a
week hence from the south side of
Cuba. The rate asked for was 10 per
cent, but the offer was not accepted.
The rates quoted to-day were about the
same as prevailed yesterday.
The Texas to Sail To-Day.
NEW YORK, April s.— The battle
ship Texas will Bail for Hampton
Roads to-morrow. The new powder
hoisting apparatus was tested to-day
and found to be highly satisfactory.
With the aid of the new appliances the
guns can now be fired three times in
the same time it formerly took to flre
them once.
A Large Increase of Business.
NEW YORK, April s.— The sales of
the Remington Standard Typewriter,
the world over, for March this year
largely exceeded any previous month in
its history. Typewriter sales are a
good barometer of general industrial
conditions.
SPANISH
MINISTER
HOPEFUL
He Gives an Authorized
Interview to the Ameri=
can Press.
Does Not Think His Country Has
Received Fair Treatment at
the Hands of This
People.
WASHINGTON, April s.— The Span
ish Minister, Senor Polo de Bernabe,
was seen at the Spanish legation to-day
and consented to talk on the present
condition of affairs. He spoke freely
and at times with intense earnestness.
The interview is authoritative through
out.
"I am still hopeful of peace," Bald he.
"That may seem optimistic at a mo
ment when such passions are aroused,
such naval and military operations are
going on and when the current of pub
lic sentiment seems to be that war is
inevitable. I cannot say that I base
my views that peace will prevail upon
any direct or official information. On
the contrary, I express my individual
judgment based solely upon the convic
tion that in these enlightened days two
self-respecting nations, made up of
men and women of high aspirations and
noble instincts cannot resort to that
last and brutal expedient of war. It
would be too wanton, too criminal, too
offensive to all the dictates of civiliza
tion and Christianity, for such and
awful consequence to be brought
about. To be sure, I cannot close
my eyes to certain obvious cir
| cumatances existing, both here and in
Spain. At times these have inclined me
to share the popular view that the re
lations between the two countries were
fast approaching an irreconcilable is
sue. And yet at no time has it seemed
to me, nor does it now seem, that the
issue has progressed beyond the bounds
of a reasonable and just settlement,
alike honorable to both Governments.
"Consider for a moment some of the
! elements of this present crisis," tne
! Minister went on, speaking with much
I vigor. "Can it be possible that your
I people will consider only one side of the
I case? Let us for a moment admit that
1 there are two sides to this case.
•There are always two sides to a case,
! and is it just or fair or chivalrous for
i your people, borne on by strong
i and innate patriotism, to say 'We
are right; Spain is wrong; that ends
' it?' In a spirit of simple justice, why
will not this disposition yield for a mo
ment to a calm consideration of both
sides of the case, including some of
those factors which are vital and es
sential to Spain. •
"Cuba has been a colony of Spain
from time immemorable— from the time
of its discovery by Christopher Colum
bus—and as a part of Spain there is
clustered about it a reverence that is
almost sacred. Cuba is regarded by
our people just as you regard one of
the States of your Union. What
would 'be said if some foreign
power said to the United States that
Illinois or Texas or California must be
free and independent of the United
States? Would not your very honor
be brought into question? Of course I
can understand that some one will rise
up and say 'Yes, but the States are
well governed and are at peace, while
Cuba is misgoverned and in a state of
insurrection.'
"There, again, simple justice and
fairness demand that there be some
thing more than abstract assertion. To
be sure, your press tells of brutal sav
agery existing in Cuba. Ido not wish
to deal in recrimination. The time
for that has gone by. But I give you
my word that this savagery .does not
exist at all, that all reliable reports,
official and unofficial, Spanish and
American, agree that whatever may
have been the condition of affairs a
year or two years ago, General Blanco
has inaugurated a humane and beneti
cent system characteristic of the man.
Naturally, with an insurrection in pro
gress, military affairs have pursued thw
usual methods of military life. And
in this they have been constantly re
strained at all times by the determina
tion to have their operations worthy of
an honorable nation and an honorable
people. That is all Spain has sought
to do in putting down a rebellion. It
is what any government on the face of
the earth would do. It seeks no more
and no less than to preserve her estab
lished rights.
"Now, as to autonomy. For some
reason intense feeling has been aroused
in this country against tho home rule
regime which Spain hn inaugurated in
Cuba. It seems to be overlooked, in the
passing of the moment, that this home
rule has been the aspiration of the
Cubans for years. It seems to be over
looked also that President Cleveland
and Secretary Olnev urged a full meas
ure of home rule as the means most
likely to bring about a termination of
the Cuban conflict. Spain has granted
that, granted it with the deepest sin
cerity. There is a disposition to find
flaws in the details ct the plan. Let
any one who is anxious to pick flaws
and who cares for war take this home
rule plan and examine it in detail. He
will find tl- t it gives the Cubans the
most eomnWe control "~1 their own af
fairs. They have a • arliament of their
own and a cabinet of their own min
isters. Is it fair, just as this local
parliament and local cabinet is about
to assume complete control of the
Cuban affairs, to sweep aside this en
tire system and t declare that it is a
failure before it has even been tried?
I do not — ish in this to repeat an argu
ment for autonomy but simply to call j
attention to the fact that plain Justice
dictates that 8 system of horn > rule,
brought forth after the deepest solici
tude and consideration and based upon
what the Cubans themselves have long
desired, and what the United States
Government deemed most fitting as a
settlement, should not be lightly dis
missed on representations of the press,
or even on the representations of men |
of sober judgment. If the latter say I
that this home rule is not a success I
reply, 'Your opportunities for investi
gation have not been adequate, and
moreover, success or failure cannot be
judged before a system has been tried
and when its initial steps have been at
tended by difficulties not only in the in
terior of Cuba, but circumstances with
out tending to defeat the very end
sought.' Even though we may differ
in this, at least we should agree that
the judgment of one should not be
formed arbitrarily upon the other. For I
the moment it seems as though thl«
equitable view was set aside and in
stead we hear 'Autonomy is a failure.
We say so. So that ends it. Spain must
not say that she is either sincere or
that the plan is a success.' Now is
such an attitude consistent with tha
usual process cf considering both sides
of a question? Can a self -respecting
nation admit of such a contemptuous
disposition of a policy she has presented
in the interest of peace and prosperity
for Cuba?
"As to the reconcentrados, I can only
say that the decrees of concentration
have been revoked and urgent steps
are being taken for the relief of these
poor creatures. While there is no doubt
of the misery of their condition, the
Government is making the most heroic
efforts to alleviate this condition. Aa
to the insurgents, they have born»
arms against Spain for three years, en
tailing terrible loss of life and money.
And yet, believing these men to be mis
guided, the Government has sought to
regain their confidence. Even to-day
the Official Gazette at Havana pub
lishes an appeal by the home rule Gov
ernment urging all those in arms, in
surgents as weil as Spaniards, to cease
hostilities, join hands and unite in cel
ebrating the restoration of peace. It
tells them also that if this home rule
is not perfect it may be improved.
In short, the insurgents are invited to
Join the Spanish soldiers in laying
down their arms, saying that a period
of calm may be giveni during which
just and wise counsels may prevail for
the permanent betterment of Cuba.
Whether this will succeed I do not
know. It seems as though some of the
insurgent leaders, and partioularly
their Cuban advisers in this country,
were bent upon an irresponsible policy,
and were deaf to reason, to a cessation
of arms or to any proposition calculat
ed to restore peace, no matter how
beneficial it might be for Cuba,
"You ask me as to the latest phases
of negotiations. Of this I cannot speak,
owing to the restrictions of my posi
tion. I can only say that, despite the
animosities aroused, I believe that calm
counsel will yet prevail and that the
United States and Spain will be ab!e to
solve this problem on a basis Just and
honorable to all concerned and without
recourse to arms.
There are telltale actions Id most men.
If you see a man continually hesitating,
nemos and worried at small trifles, you
may be sore that there Is something
wrong with his nervous system. Us
probably has bad dreams, and his sleep
does him no good. He wakes op ii
the rooming tired and with a coated
tongue, These are symptoms of
Denruus debility. He Is wasting any,
. —a
That man Is pony almost to i cer-
tainty, He has lived too rapidly.
Wasted the gifts he had. Abased bit
big constitution, "Hedytn" will cure
him. "Hudyan" makes op for all the
wasting process. and stops It Is i few
days. If you are wasting away write
for free circulars add testimonials show-
ing what "Hudyan" bat done. Ask
for free advice too. Too will be i
grand man again..
:: — — r— — •
Do you know what blood taint is? It
. Is shown by teeth that are getting
loose, by tumps in the throat, by weak -
voice and by copper-colored spots. An]
one of these symptoms Indicate It. Ask
for free "311-day blood cure" circulars.
No matter what the form of the blood
poison may be "30-day blood core" it
as certain to core you as "Hudyan" it
sore to core all debilitation.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts,,
San Francisco.
SEOJJULLEipHKBELEW ON
TRIAL FOR
HIS LIFE
Story of His Crime
Again Told in
Court.
Chemists Testify to the
Finding of Traces
of Poison.
Confession Made by the Mur
derer Introduced as
Evidence.
FREELY ADMITS GUILT.
Oi-ves No Motive toe the Killing ol
H:s Unfortunate Brother
and Sister.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUIStJN. April s.— The taking of tes
timony in the case of Frank Below com
menced before Judge Buckles this
morning. Much interest was mani
fested in the proceedings and the court
was crowded to its utmost capacity.
Belew acted nervously at times and hid
nervousness was evidently born of de
spair. Frequently he scrutinized the
faces of those present as if looking for
a sympathizer among them.
The first witness called was Dr. Traf
t'>n in" Dixon, who treated Susie Belew
the day of the poisoning. He testi
fied that the young woman died from
the eff( ta I arsenical poisoning.
Dr. G. W. Downing testified he had
conducted an autopsy on the body of
Susie Belew. W. T. Wenzel, the chem
ist, testified as to finding arsenic
in the beef stew of which she had par
taken, and in the contents of a kettle
submitted for a test.
Alter evidence from Mrs. C. Clark,
who attended Susie Belew on the day
she was taken sick, Horace G. Perry,
stenographer, was called and gave tes
timony regarding the confession made
by Belew on Sunday, February 6, in
the District Attorney's office. In the
afternoon the confession was offered
in evidence and was read. In this con
fession Belew said:
"Of course 1 am guilty. I want to
make a statement. 1 want to have it
over with. I do not know what my
motive was in wanting to kill my
sister, Susie, and my brother, Louis.
I had not made up my mind to do it
until the day the deed was accom
plished. I used rough on rats that was
in the house for a long time. I took
the poison out of the box and threw
the box away. The poison I put in a
piece of paper. There was about a
level teaspoonful of it. I poured the
drug into the teakettle while Susie was
in her room.
'•I had some words with Louis that
day about the conduct of my wife and
Susie brought it up again that night. I
was opposod to my sister marrying
Charley Ehmann. The conversation
Bird, my brother-in-law, says he had
with me in the photograph gallery is
not correct as he tells it. I never told
him that I was going to commit one of
the worst crimes that had ever been
done in the county, nor did I say that
I was dissatisfied with the division of
the property.
"] do not know what prompted me to
do the deed."
J. W. Bird was called to the stand.
Bird testified that on the Sunday pre
ceding the day Susie and Louis Belew
were poisoned Frank Belew came to
him and said he was about to commit
one of the most horrible crimes ever
committed In Solano County, and that
it would shock the entire community.
Bird said:
Frank, don't do it."
Be ew asked him if his wife would
live with him if he had any money, and
the witness replied that he did not
think she would.
The defense then called T. M. Dur
rett, who deposed that he had known
Belew for twenty years, and he had
always thought him insane.
D. T>. Dudley, J"hn Maze, Oscar
Schulze and J. W. McElwaine testified
to having known Roiew for many years
and that he had borne a good char
acter. Tho court then adjourned until
Wednesday morning.
WEDDED TO ONE WHO
IS NEAR TO DEATH.
Hr.nford Young Lady Marries in
Order That She Mny Nurs> an
Injured Han.
HANFORD. April s.— Andrew Ander
son, who was seriously injured through
the breaking of timbers while working on
the new cannery on Saturday, was mar
ried to-day to Miss Ambrosia Morton of
Traver. The wedding had been set fur
the 12th inst., but was hastened in order
thnt Bhe might attend him. Rev. Mr. Mil
ler officiated. Anderson is confined to his
couch.
Presbyterians in Session.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April s.— The Pres
bytery of San Jose convened here to
night. Dr. R. G. MacLaren of San Jose
delivered the opening sermon. It will re
main In session until Thursda3 F evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADTJE-YUKON ~
TRANSPORTATION CO.
"GOLD PICK LINE"
FOR
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast. Elegant anil Completely Refurnished
Steamer,
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Passengers and 2500 Tons of
Freight, will sail from San Francisco
(on her arrival from ■ New York)
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 10
And take the ontiide passag* for Jane an. theaos to
Bkagaay, Dyea and Copper River. •
In this way the dangers of the Inside pas-
sage will be avoided. The "Morgan City Is
one of the flneet Steamers afloat. lighted by
electricity, elegant accommodations, ladies'
boudoirs, special cabins, grand i talon social
hall, smoking rooms and buffet. . Large number
of handsomely * equipped bathrooms furnished
with porcelain bath tubs, steam heat, 20,000
candle power searchlights. The best table will
be served, on the "Morgan - City" . of any
steamer on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer
will later- on run between San Francisco and j
fit. Michael. For freight and passage apply to
JOHN6ON-LOOKE MERCANTILE 00. ; J
Paaimger Office — 609 Market fit., Ban Fra&tluo ;
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE 00.,
Mutual Lift Bflildlsg, 6«U1». .
DREYFUS SAID
TO HAVE DIED
IN HIS CAGE
Rumor Current in Paris That the
Devils Island Exile Is
No More,
PARIS. April 5.— A rumor was current here to-day that Alfred
Droyfus, the former captain of artillery, who was sentenced to Impris
onment for life for betraying important military secrets to a foreign
power, is dead. He was undergoing imprisonment on Devils Island,
off the coast of French Guiana. The Colonial Office has no informa
tion on the subject.
SENATORS ARE
NOT IN ACCORD
Debate in Executive Ses
sion Develops Two
Strong Factions.
Not Prepared to Yield to the
President in the Maine
Matter.
If Cuban Resolutions Are Not Strong
Enough They Will Bo
Made Stronger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— A debate
which occurred in the executive ses
sion of the Senate late this afternoon
would indicate that no matter what the
character of the resolution to come
from the Committee on Foreign Re
lations the resolution would cause a
serious and perhaps prolonged discus
sion. It emphasized the fact that there
are two elements in the Senate — one for
independence with intervention and
another for intervention alone, and
these two factions will fight vigorously
for their ideas.
The relations of the United States
with Spain were the uppermost topic
in the executive session and consti
tuted the subject of many conferences
among Senators.
The activity was due to the an
nouncement that the President's mes
sage would recommend the adoption of
a policy looking to intervention in
Cuba on the part of the executive
; branch of the Government rather than
the recognition of independence, and
to an effort to make smooth the way
for the reception of such a report.
The executive session developed the
fact that much opposition would be
made to the acceptance of a policy in
line with the President's desires. The
, question was raised by Senator Allen,
who made a long speech predicting much
dissatisfaction in the country at large
. with a policy on the part of the execu
tive that did not go to the extent of
giving the Cubans their independence of
the mother country.
Senator Allen was followed by other
speakers in the same line and the fact
was made very evident that if the com
mittee on Foreign Relations should
bring in a resolution merely complying
with the President's request and stop
ping short of a declaration for inde
pendence, there would be an effort in
the Senate to amend it so as to ac
complish this end.
Indeed the announcement was made
by more than one Senator that he
would offer such an amendment, and
; by many more that they would support
j an effort in the direction of adding the
independence declaration to a resolu
tion providing simply for intervention,
i The committee was therefore urged not
• to yield to the wishes of the President,
■ but to stand out strongly for complete
j action. The policy of the President for
executive intervention only was critl
! cised as one which would place the en
! tire question in the hands of the Presi
dent and thus leave the matter where
, it now is, except that it would be a vol
untary rellnquishment of the rights of
] Congress in the premises — the right
1 among others to declare war.
DAY OF TRAGEDY
IN A TEXAS TOWN
Two Killings and a Lynching
Within Three Quarters
of an Hour.
Slayer of Two Officers ?shot to Death
by a Mob in His Prison
Cell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BROWNSVILLE. Tex., April s.— Two
killings and a lynching occurred here
within three-quarters of an hour to-day.
Sam Cobb. a deputy Sheriff, and his
brother, Felipe Cobb, who was a consta
ble, were shot down by Carlos Guellen.
Guellen was wounded by Sam Cobb.
It seems that the latter was riding has
tily from an election booth, having heard
a row was In progress somewhere near,
and that Constable Cobb and a policeman
wero rushing along after him on foot.
At the corner of an alley Guellen sprang
out and fired at Sam Cobb, who returned
the nr»>. Both fell to the ground. Felipe
Cobb then rushed up, and Guellen arose
from the ground and shot him twice,
killing him almost instantly. A young
brother of Guellen appeared at the same
moment and shot Felipe. Both the Guel
lens were arrested, but the younger one
escaped in the excitement.
A mob at once gathered, broke into the
Jail and shot Carlos Gi-.ellen. killing him
In his cell. The body was dragged forth
into the street and the crowd was going
to burn it. but cooler counsel prevailed
and the body was taken back to the Jail.
The trouble grew out of a previous
quarrel between Ouellen and the Cobbs.
Guellen was considered a desperate char
acter. He was convicted of assault to
murder at the last term of court, but ap
pealed. He had been. in numerous shoot
ing scrapes.
Steamships Withdrawn.
NEW YORK, .prll s.— At thi offices
of the Lone Star Steamship Company it
was said to-day that owing to the un
settled condition of affairs between this
country and Spain, it had been defin
itely determined to withdraw the
steamships Miami, Menemesha, Matte
wan and Merrimac from the Southern
trade.
SMITHS' CASH STORE, 27 Market
street, sell* "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
CHINESE FEAR
MOB VIOLENCE
Peace Restored at Milpi
tas, but Only Tempo
rarily.
Officers Believe an Attempt
May Be Made to Burn
the Cannery.
County Supervisors Denounce the
Employing ol Mongolian La
borers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— A1l was quiet
at Miipitaa to-day, and the work of
commencing the season's pack was
got under way at the cannery. The
Chinese were uneasy at the opening of
work ihis morning, but as none of the
Portuguese put in an appearance this
feeling soon wore off and things went
on as though no riot had occurred yes
terday. The people of Milpitas express
great indignation at the action of the
Oakland Preserving Company in re
placing its help with Chinese. The
Portuguese women thrown out of work
are hard-working people and have the
sympathy of the entire county. They
were paid but 15 cents an hour, and it
is said that the company's contract
with the Chinese means a saving over
this pittance.
Deputy Sheriff Gardner, who was in
charge of the force of officers which
quelled the trouble, said to-day that in
his opinion the cessation of hostilities
was merely temporary, and trouble
may break out at any moment. The
women are bitter in denouncing their
treatment, and may resort to violence.
He thinks a mob will eventually burn
the plant unless the Chinese help is
discarded.
The matter of Chinese replacing
white help was discussed at a meeting
of the Board of Supervisors to-day,
and the following resolution, intro
duced by Supervisor Austin, was
unanimously adopted:
Resolved, that it is the sense of this
board that the employment of Chineso
labor in orchards, canneries and driers of
this county, to the exclusion of white
labor, is at all times to be condemned
and deplored, and that this fact is partic
ularly emphasized at this time, when the
general conditions prevailing in the rnm
mercia! world are such that an unusual
proportion of our people, anxious and
willing to work, are unable to find em
ployment.
It is a well recognized fact that hun
dreds of men, women and children in this
county are largely dependent upon their
small earnings derived from these sources
and to deprive them of this opportunity
would mean to thf-m much hardship and
deprivation in succeeding winter months.
PREFERS WHITE LABOR.
Statement From the Oakland Pre-
serving Company's President.
SAN FRANCISCO, April s.— To the Edi
tor of The Call— Dear Sir: Referring to
your article in this morning's paper on
the trouble at the Milpitas cannery, I beg
leave to point out that, while the sur
face facts were fully and accurately re
ported, certain circumstances which ma
terially change the "hue of the horse"
have apparently not been brought to your
notice.
Principal among these is the fact that
the employment of Chinese was not a
matter of sordid economy, but of positive
(though we hope of temporary) necessity.
The Oakland Preserving Company has
always been in the vanguard of the pro
moters of pure and high-class food pro
ducts. They have not only persistently
refused to employ Chinese labor, but have
always secured the very best character of
white labor. It was for this very rea
son that their first fruit canneries were
located in Oakland, where the character
of white help to be obtained is considera
bly above the average standard. No Chi
nese have ever been employed there The
Milpitas cannery is operated solely for the
preserving of asparagus. It was located
there because it is the center of an im
portant asparagus-raising district, where
this vegetable attains an unusually high
degree of excellence. This vegetable, to
be of fine quality, must be put up while
crisp and fresh and it is therefore neces
sary that it be taken direct from the fields
to the cannery and that each day's sup
ply be disposed of the very same day
This was the source of the trouble with
the employes of the Milpitas cannery
Although it was necessary for the work
to generally continue beyond regular
hours and sometimes far into the night
in order to finish with the day's supply
the employes insisted on quitting v/hen
they saw fit. They are paid by the hour
and can make good wages, but unless
they are willing to adapt themselves t,,
necessity and work tho required number
of hours during the short season we
should have the choice of either sustain
ing a certain and serious loss or givine
up the business. We am and always
have been willing and anxious to employ
only white labor at higher wages but we
cannot be expected to sacrifice large in
terests because employes refuse to nut
up with an inconvenience which cannot be
obviated. truly,
F. TILLMANN JR
President Oakland Preserving Company.
ARTHUR IS GUILTY OF
FIRST DEGREE MURDER.
Slayer of Mrs. Ransom at Los An
geles Will Spend His Life
in Prison.
LOS ANGELES. April s.— The jury In
the case of C. EL Arthur, charged with
the murder of Mrs. Ransom, to-night
brought in a verdict of guilty of murder
In the first degree and fixed the penalty
at life imprisonment. Arthur is a black
smith who, about two months ago shot
and killed Mrs. Ransom. She had been
living with him. but had abandoned him
and be shot her on a crowded street of
this city one afternoon.
Fire at Cypress Lawn.
MTLL VALLEY, April s.— The residence
of Mrs. IT. Boyle Jr. at Cypress Lawn was
destroyed by lire this evening. The loss
Is $1000. Adjoining buildings wero saved
by a bucket brigade.
FACES DEATH
LIKE A STOIC
Benjamin L. Hill at San
Quentin Will Hang
To-Day.
The Oakland Wife Murderer
Spends His Last Hours
Reading the Bible.
Shows Not a Trace of Fear While
the Gallows Stands Ready to
Receive Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April s.—Gov
ernor Budd has refused to Inter
fere In the case of Benjamin
Hill, sentenced to be hanged at
San Quentln to-morrow. A gal
lant fight was made by the con
demned man's friends to save
him from the gallows. Personal
appeals In his behalf were made
by men prominent in California;
but the Governor, after carefully
reviewing all the evidence placed
before him, came to the conclu
sion that it was not sufficient to
warrant executive clemency, and
resolved to let the law . ' its
course.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 5.—
Up in the wooden cage in the death
chamber Benjamin L. Hill, the Oakland
wife murderer, Is passing the few re
maining hours of his life. Only once
has he alluded to his case in any of his
conversations with the death watch,
Guards Jones and Abrogast, and then
It was to express his sorrow at not hav
ing pleaded guilty in the first place and
gone out of the world long before this
time.
These few words were the only ones
that have passed his lips in regard to
the awful crime of which he is guilty.
Most of his time is spent in reading the
Bible and talking upon religious sub
jects. He says that death has no ter
rors for him; that he believes in a here
after and a God, and he maintains that
he will mount the gallows without a
sign of fear.
Still he has hopes that the Governor
will reprieve him before it is too late.
He sleeps well and eats everything that
is placed before him. The approach of
death has in no manner affected him
in these respects, and he looks the pic
ture of health. He weighs almost 200
pounds and his face is round and pleas
ing in its expression. There is no ap
pearance of the criminal in his features.
Since Hill has been confined in the
San Quentin Penitentiary he has been
a model prisoner. He organized a Bible
class among the murderers condemned
to death. He preached the gospel in
the prison yard and the strange au
dience listened to his words with rapt
attention. Chaplain Dhrams of the
prison "has visited the condemned man
in the cage in the death chamber and
the two have knelt in prayer. None
who knows the prisoner believes he will
show fear on the gallows.
Warden Hale has sent out about
thirty invitations to the execution.
Everything is in readiness. The rope
was tested to-day. At 11:30 to-morrow
the trap will bf sprung unless a stay
of execution arrives at the last min
ute.
Hill had no visitors to-day. His sis
ter-in-law was here a few days ago and
bade him good- by.
Amos Lunt, the hangman, took a final
survey of the gallows to-night and pro
nounced everything in readiness.
PUBLIC ADMINSTRATCR
MISAPPLIES FUNDS.
Shortage in the Accounts of an
Onnsby County Official at
Carson.
CARSON, April s.— lt was discovered
this morning that Public Administrator
Frank Helm was short $760 In his ac
counts. He had taken this sum from es
tates. His bondsmen met and placed his
father, Alfred Helm, in charge of the
office, with the understanding that he
would turn over $125 a month to them.
H.-lm's downfall was due to gambling.
"When deputy recorder some years ago
he created a shortage of $400.
Grand Lodge Delegates.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, April s.— Chorro
Lodge No. 168, I. O. O. F.. elected George
W. McCabe and David Thaler delegates
to the Grand Lodge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. PINKHAM'S WARNING TO WOMEN.
■ -:': -:V. W : .- : ■■■ ~" ' ~" . ' ■■ ■' •' ■
Neglect is the Forerunner of Misery and Suffering— A Grateful Hus-
band Writes of His Wife's Recovery.
Nearly all the ill health of women is traceable to some derangement of the
feminine organs. These derangements do not cure themselves, and neglect of
r^ the sensations resulting from them is only putting
S^j^TSSpa Pathetic stories are constantly coming to Mrs.
■^f^^fg Pinkham of women whose neglect has resulted in
4fSgjfe^OcoJ serious heart trouble and a whole train of woes.
mgS&^^^'^^L^^ Here is the story of a woman who was helped
BScT jdtt£l^\ ky Mrs. Pinkham after other treatment failed:
<Trf ffwßfcfflfißMM* Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— lt affords me very
<ar^?^^|Ws^^M'JSf3K3^Hß great pleasure to be able to state that I believe
/•Srife^;, T^ \jVTillHr my wife owes her health to your medicine
vUliiv^fi^' iq}~mtf^^ ,*_ an d good" advice. For three years her
\^O^LJXy health failed rapidly; she had heart trou-
MmllMk ijg^ ble, often falling down in dizzy and
MKfHrartsßlBr^| v /£Sj— -O^ fainting spells, shortness of breath,
iw^^^ — ?tS^--^" — "*"" V^7 choking and smothering spells, bloat-
\SJNffimßm /JlUvly ing of the stomach, a dry cough, dys- j
\ TWrffFr (i'J \\ peptic symptoms, menses irreg- j
B&. iSmIL (/ \ \^s \\ treated by physicians with but
\l \ \ \\ I \ little benefit. She has taken
fl WK^y \ \ I your treatmfvn t according- to
K^fk 1 \ \\ I y our directions, and is better
jBP ■BMI^^M^ Vis, \ ■ with the result of your
MgSS'flfßfSjw treatment, and give you
MiHEKOSBIHRfIk >vl / permission to use my letter
k J^' — Chas. H. and Mrs. May Butcher,
: ; WM , . The healing and strengthening power of Lydia
:E. 1 Pinkham's Vegetable , Compound for all fe-
male ills is so well established that it ;' needs ;no , argument. ' For over twenty
years it has been used by women with results that are truly wonderful.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all women who are puzzled about their health to write j
to : her at Lynn, Mass., for vice. All such correspondence is seen by women
only, and no charge is made. ''. . ■; • . . ' ' .
-»*>**-..: -.:--•■-. . - • , -■ ..:■:■- -.■■•>k- ■•■ '"% .&' v • 'f' :^;K,v : ■ ■ ■■. • ., • : -
A Million Women Have Been Benefited Dy Mrs. Pinkham's Advice and Medicine
SUPPLYING
SURVIVORS
WITH FOOD
Relief Pours in Upon
the Shawneetown
Sufferers.
Number of Flood Victims
Now Placed at a
Hundred.
Water Still From Ten to Fif
teen Feet Deep All Over
the Town.
SUFFERING AND SORROW.
Wher« Once Were Happy Homes
Men Are Now Searching
for the Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIDGEWAY, 111., April 6.— The gap
in the levee is now over 100 feet wide
and gradually widening. The water
is from ten to fifteen feet deep all over
the town. With the continued cold
rains and the loss of life, suffering and
sorrow are little abated.
The scene in Shawneetown Is worse
than in 1887 or 1884, when there was
much suffering and loss of property,
but no loss of life. Every store in town
is full of water and no provisions can
be had except as they are sent from
surrounding towns.
Relief committees are doing all in
their power to provide for the wants of
the sorrow-stricken people. Clothing
and provisions are being sent in in
every conceivable way — on trains,
boats, skiffs, canoes and dugouts. The
provisions are cooked ready to be
served on arrival, as there is but little,
if any, chance to do any cooking here,
stoves and cooking utensils being prac
tically all under water and fuel a scarce
article. The people will not suffer for
food, or raiment, however. Those in
the doomed city are being well cared
for.
It is thought by conservative people
that the loss of life will reach 100. That
number is missing and unaccounted fov,
while it is known that forty-five or
fifty have perished. The property loss,
to say nothing of the damage to the
le.vee and crops, will reach over $500,
000. Property in two blocks on both
sides of Mill street is utterly ruined,
and the damage to goods is enormous.
It was an hour and a half after the
dyke first broke when the town was
completeh* submerged. The family of
Charles Clayton was drowned, with
the exception of Neil Clayton, a grand
son of 8 years. He in some manner
managed to reach the roof of the house
and was taken off by Lloyd Rowan.
The family of Riley Galloway
Sheriff of Gallatin County, was lost,
one nephew being the only member to
escape. There was a report that a
young lady visiting the family of
Sheriff Galloway was lost, but this re
port could not be substantiated. Some
said the young lady was with the
family, but others denied it. The
Sheriff is distracted, and it is feared
he will lose his mind.
Mrs. Relnholt, three of whose chil
dren were drowned, was carried
through the town on a board which
she had managed to seize. When the
rescuers reached her they were unable
to lift her into their skiff, she being a
very large woman, and throwing her
a rope they towed her a half mile to
a place of safety.
David Kookendorfer and his wife,
finding their escape through the door
cut off, rushed to the roof. By the
time they reached it the house was
floating southward. In a few minutes
it parted, Mr. Kookendorfer being on
one half and his wife on the other. For
the second time the roof parted under
Mr. Kookendorfer, and he sailed away
on what was left to him. 111-fortune
pursued him and his portion of the
roof. The roof broke under him just
as a hencoop came along, and he
abandoned the roof and got on the
coop. This proved his salvation, and
he was finally able to reach the levee,
where he climbed up in safety.
Mrs. Kookendorf^r remained upon
her half and reached the levee without
any of the interruptions that met her
husband.
Paul Phalen, whose wife and daugh
ter were both drowned, had a narrow
escape from death. The two ladies
reached the roof, Mr. Phalen being
close behind them. The ro^ * broke as
he was about to emerge, ninning him
in the scuttle hole. Being a slight man
he was unable to extricate himself,
and to this fact he owes his life. His
wife and daughter were washed from
the roof and dnnvned. Mr. Phalen was
carried about a quarter of a mile be
fore he was picked up. He is now in a
critical condition and it is feared he
will not recover.
The break in the dam widened to
day a gap of 150 yards. It is said
by those who witnessed its first giving
away that the disastf - was caused by
quicksand upon which its foundations
rested. The first sign c-f the disaster
was a sudden whirlpool about fifteen
feet north of the dam. as though the
bottom had fallen out of the river. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H+a+B+H+B+H+B+a+B+B+B+B+S+K+B+S+E+Q+B+H+B+O+Sa
' 5E»2e?1^.~~ — *^- 5 7 mHbDl'l^ Y9 vK HI new fl
5 nt^^jffljjff^y \\\V BBBBn^P^rf^. -^THB^^P^f!^^?! "
■ tTVOTimlrehmte^-'- v Ibbbbiblbwßi 3
«• fcUv ■* t'^ *ft-y* GL~*£ i Si^ftjsu^fs3nM^^^^ M^*<^^^^^ **BjC»t'- j- *•* J"»"'' - - .. ■;■- "1 yj
"™ fcE^^i **M?V»2k'v!fi~4^Sßß^^^.--"'"*^^ ''*.""■': ■ i nPyW I 4"
B ■
] 1
B . +
■ v A ¥ n? +
I SALE. f
■ . ■
I £ Your money back if your purchase doesn't suit, «
+ and everything kept in repair one year free. +
» fe ___ — -^ ■
I 718 MARKET ST., S. F* I
H+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B-fa+a+B+B+H+B+a+a+B
$UMMER~REBORTS
. ■ ■' . ' - ' - • ; ■ ■ .•...•■
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
i alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shullieboard, Livery and Burros for
■ the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
1 per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
HARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth st., San Fraticisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
This group of springs has attained a national
j reputation for the curative powers of Its niin-
i «>ral waters, in a wider rar.ge of human dis-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springs
in this or any other country.
LOINGIA/OOD
FRI'IT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. 6end for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON,
! Napa, Cal.
O O Q.O G OO O 00 0 0 O 00000
,o™" PALACE '•»•
% GRAND hotels o
\Q ■; SAN FRANCISCO. ; "
** Connected by a 'covered 'passageway..':. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
!©' ' , all Under . One Management. , O
: O ■ ,;, NOTE THE PRICES : : Q
" a European Plan: SI. OO per day and upward -v
. v American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *•»
! O .Correspondence Solicited. ; ©
! O JOHN C. ZIRKPATRICK, Mantgar. o
0 00000 6 O 0000 O
; >S^DEWEY;STRON6&CO:>gV
ODEWEY.STRONG &CO.^ggV
PATENTSIJ
\SpT33O MARKET ST.SI. S &S^
water rushing into the hole proved too
much for the quicksand under the dam
and it sank downward. All witnesses
aeree that the dam sank toward the
bottom of the river and was not carried
onward by the rush of the water.
Charles Carroll, chairman of the re
lief committee, sftid to-day that the
things most needed were blanket^
meat, bread, meal and bacon. Th-ere
was enough food in the town to-day
and known to be <"-n the road to feed
the hungry until Wednesday norm. It
is said that by that time all actual suf
fering will have been reiieved. Con
tributions will be necessary for two
weeks until the people are able to en
ter their stores and resume bnsines3
once more.
South American ants have been
known to construct a tunnel three
miles in length.
fll/ippftHOT SPRINGS. Sonom a
All All I* \ County; only 4% hours from S.
vllnUUvi and but 9 miles staging— a
j feature of the trip; new 12-passenger coaches;
I water notPd for medicinal virtue; best natural
bath in State; swimming and boating— new fea-
ture; many other improvements; grand moun-
tain scenery: excellent climate — no fogs; good
trout streams at door: telephone, telegraph,
daily mall, express: FIRST-CLASS SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stages connect with
trains for S. F. ; round trip from S. F. only
$."• 50; Tiburon ferry at 7:SO a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
I Terms $2 a day or $12 a week. References — Any
guest of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW, Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and enld
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fifhin^: and hunting. Round trip
tickets at S. P. offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
The greatest health-giving water in America. .
Specific for all stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder troubles. New hotel. Terms, J8 to $10
per week. For particulars address W. R. Mc-
GOVERN. Kelseyville, Lake County.
SUM/VIER HO/V\E Frtß/VI.
Santa f'ruz Mountains, first-class family re-
tort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tiokPts
*2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
now dining room, 130 ft. lake frontage; ni>w
stable and Ilvery; boating and bathing free;
terms, $8 to $14 per week: romr- 8. F A- V P.
Railway; round trip. $9 50. Address H. WAM-
I BOLD, Prop.. Bertha P. 0.. Lake County. <al.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. ■ Rooms 60c to $1 50day,
$5 to.'sB week. $8 to $30 month. Free, baths;
hot and cold water every room; flre grates la '
I every room; elevator runs all night. •
\M. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT LAW.
: Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown -Ml.--- '
Residence, Eil California street, below Powell,
i San Francisco.
> -■-; ■■'■■■' ■ ■ -- : '> '■■? ■■■-.''• ■,■■•.■ v ■■:'- ■ ■--- : -" ■ ■■-•■-()
The puro essential extract from the native dru;r. Com
tains all I the valuable medicinal properties of <~r!i:nj
without its noxlou* elements. sNo pir?ijnee3 ct sto.-i hi \
no TQinit JiK 1 nqjoguveaeai ; no hoadacUe. All DrugK u.t4 ■
56
WEDNESDAY APRIL 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY* Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 189. World Bulldlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl&£« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Batldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2? Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 387 Hcyes street, open until
0:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
194J Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untli 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
California-" A Jay ia New York."
Alcazar— -Jane- '
Moroeoo'B— "Uands Across the Sea."
llvoll— "The Bohemian Girl."
Orpheum— Vaudov ■■
The Chutes— Tbe Zoo, Vaudeville and Caniac's Leopards.
Olympla. comer Maeon and Eddy 6treeia— Specialua*
California Jockop OHif. Oakland— Races to-aay.
THE LAW AND Th|E RETAILERS.
IT appears that the decision rendered by Superior
Judges Wallace, Dunne and Cook on Friday last
in which it was declared that principals are not
responsible for the criminal acts of their agents in
selling and delivering adulterated food products is
about to bring the entire pure food crusade to an un
timely conclusion. The officials of the Health De
partment are very much discouraged over the out
look and it is reported that they are seriously con
templating the dismissal of a number of food in
spectors and other employes whose services will not
be required unless the prosecutions for selling adul
terated food can be continued.
Health Officer O'Brien regards the law as laid
down by these Judges as extremely bad, and he adds
that he would not be surprised if the milkmen were
to now take advantage of the situation and resist pros- j
ecutions on the ground that their drivers sell and de- j
liver the watered milk and not themselves. Yet we
do not see how the court could have taken a different
view of the law. Certainly the contention that a
principal is responsible for the voluntary criminal
acts of his agent is entirely new and novel.
As we understand it, the main purpose of attempt
ing to enforce the law against the retailers of adul
terated food products was to make it so disagree
able for them that they would abandon the business.
Now that the court has decided that they are not
responsible for selling food merchandise which they
cannot in the nature of things know to be impure, of '
course this method of warfare must be abandoned.
It will no longer serve the purpose of frightening re
tailers, nor will the Health Department officials be '
justified in arresting any more dealers under the j
statute.
Eut it is still possible to make it sultry for the '
manufacturers of adulterated food products. All the
energy of the Health Department should be directed
toward discovering those who place such products >
upon the market. If sanded sugar, wooden hams
and pine nutmegs are shipped here from th- Ea*t
it ought to be possible to inspect them upon their ar
rival and prevent their distribution among the re
tailers. We do not think, upon the whole, that the
health officials should sit down and give up the fight.
They are engaged in a business which is of prime im
portance to the community, and if they cannot reach '
the dealers in impure food they can, to some extent, i
disturb the nefarious trade of the manufacturers.
It must be said in favor of the wife-murderer, Hill,
who is scheduled to be hanged to-day, that he has
6ince his condemnation deported himself in a decent
»nd courageous fashion, has not viewed his crime as
•n evidence of heroism, has not posed nor pleaded
the baby act. While it would be neither possible nor
seemly to entertain a high regard for him, it can be
truly said that he is no Durrant. Yet for all Hill
has proved himself to be considerable of a man,
clemency in his case would have had a bad effect. If
sympathy were allowed to set aside the law there
might as well be no law.
There is considerable unnecessary fu*s being made
over young Pullman because he happened to marry
the woman he chose to marry. As a matter of fact
other men, some of them fully as important as this
young chap, have done the same thing. Whether or
not the choice be wise concerns them, and comes so
rear being nobody else's business that the subject is
tlmost too delicate for discussion.
Minister Bernabe may be obliged to quit the coun
try before long, but he will leave behind the impres
sion that he has conducted himself as a gentleman,
in which particular his case will afford a violent con
trast to that of the late De Lome.
Several new plans have been presented for securing
peace in Cuba. They leave out of consideration the
fact that the United States owns the skeleton of a
battle-ship in Havana harbor, and therefore they will
not be considered.
Gentlemen who have been engaged in outlining the
President's message would have been wise to have
got together. Somehow the outlines seem to be
those of abont as many different messages as there
are gentfemen in the business.
According to a certain Spaniard, "America is mad
with pride." Possibly so. But even in the present
heat of debate it must be remembered that America
has something to be proud of, wherein it has a dis
tinct advantage of Spain.
The rumor that Schofield is to be put in command
over Miles could probably be traced to a lunatic
asylum if it were worth while to take the trouble of
tracing it anywhere.
The substance of the Cleveland letter to Hearst
seems to have been about this: "What do you take
me for?" It was complete, final and emphatic.
Americans may be hastening out of Cuba just now,
but there is a probability that some of the same na
tion will soon be hastening back again, and not by
askmjr anybody's permission.
THE CHINESE TRADE.
C\ MERICAN energy- and enterprise have long
/ \ been comparatively indifferent to China. We
have sought to expand our trade with Europe.
with South America and with Australia, but we
have made only few and half-contemptuous efforts to
build up a trade with Asia. When we have thought
of the Mongolian at all we have thought of him only
as a coolie, whose custom was worth nothing and
whose presence was a nuisance. It has hardly oc
curred to us that in China there is a vast market for
every form of American goods and that it is the
greatest field for commercial expansion the earth
affords.
Long ago Seward declared that in the course of
time the United States would have a larger trade with
Asia than with Europe. The prophecy was mocked
at. It was considered to be on a par with Seward's
other prediction that Alaska would some day be a
valuable portion of our territory. The day of the
mocking is now over. Alaska is recognized as an im
portant country, and there is a growing recognition
of the fact that the Chinese trade is also something
which has golden possibilities in it for men of energy
and enterprise.
Great Britain. Germany and Russia are not making
demonstrations along the Chinese coast merely for
the purpose of territorial expansion. Neither of the
three would care very much for an addition of a few
millions of Chinese to the number of their people
or a few thousand square miles of land to the extent
of their dominions. Their interest in the Chinese
ports is the trade they expect to carry on there, and
certainly it must be a very large trade indeed that
leads three great powers to the very verge of war to
obtain it.
Our natural interests in China are greater than
those of either of the three powers that are talking of
dividing the empire. It is from the United States
that the Chinese, now rapidly advancing in civiliza
tion, should obtain the produce of civilized men.
Our natural advantages, however, will avail us but
little unless our Government puts us in a position to
make use of them.
Against the subsidized ships of Europe our unpro
tected mercantile marine cannot compete, nor can in
dividual effort make head against the efforts of
mighty Governments like those now struggling for
the Chinese market. It is time that attention was
given to this subject at Washington. Projection and
promotion to American shipping have lung been
promised, and should be given now before the Chi
nese market is wholly captured by European aggres
sion.
EASTERN MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
THE results of the municipal elections in Ohio
and Michigan show that the comparative
strength of the two great parties has about re
turned to its normal equilibrium in local affairs.
Democracy has in the cities of those States recov
ered to some extent from the crushing defeat of
Bryanism and has been able to hold its own. The
successes of one party in certain cities were about off
set by those of the opposing organizations in others.
and the only notable triumph of the whole was the
Republican victory in Cleveland, which showed a
gain of iooo votes, an increase which is far from com
mon in strictly municipal contests.
The results of the elections of course afford no
basis for estimating the comparative strength of the
parties on national issues. Municipal elections in
these days are party contests in hardly more than
name only. The old ties which bound voters in
strict discipline to vote their party ticket for Justice
of the Peace or Common Councilman with as much
regularity as for Congressman or President have
been broken or loosened in every direction. All
that can be learned, therefore, from the results in the
two States is that Republicans cannot count on
maintaining in their local elections the splendid ma
jorities of the tidal wave year of 1896.
That lesson is worth the learning. Democracy,
though divided, discomfited and demoralized on na
tional issues and having neither a platform nor a
leader to harmonize its factions, is still a strong and
vigorous opposition party in local affairs. It must be
reckoned with in every county or municipal contest,
and, as the result has ghown in a considerable num
ber of cities in Ohio and Michigan, the reckoning is
apt to be disastrous to Republicans who are either
indifferent to local issues or are so over confident as
to venture upon "yellow dog" tickets.
Slight as were the elections of Monday, therefore,
they are not without their value to the Republicans
of California. The Call has repeatedly urged the
party leaders to begin at once the work of organizing
the rank and file into clubs or otherwise so as to
have the party ready for decisive action as soon as
the campaign opens. There is no reason for believ
ing that popular sentiment in California is widely
different from that which has just been disclosed in
Ohio and Michigan, and that being so it is evident
that if the Republicans of this State desire to hold
the strength gained in 1896 and carry it further so as
to retire the silver men and free traders from Con
gress, they must make ready for a vigorous campaign
and organize without delay.
There is little reason to fear that Hoff. the most
recently convicted murderer, will appeal to the Su
preme Court. In the first place he must be impressed
by the fact that he is guilty and that everybody
know 9 it, and in the second place an appeal costs
money, and lawyers as a rule do not perform labor
for love.
Of Rev. C. A. Briggs, who has attained much
notoriety by being charged variously with heresy,
and who has just vaulted from one church into an
other, it is said that he is a man who does not for
get his enemies. We therefore draw the inference
that he has a long list of people whom it will now be
his duty and pleasure to love.
While the populace of Havana shows a tendency
to shout. "Death to Americans!" there seems to be
an ignoring of the fact that Spain has no monopoly
of the death-dealing business.
Really the Kaiser has no reason to be angry be
cause somebody has dubbed him "Alarm Fritz." Let
him possess his soul in patience until he shall have
been called a "falsff alarm."
It took Congress some time to grasp the notion
that the blowing up of the Maine was not an act of
neighborly kindness, but it seems to have a firm grip
of the idea now.
So it seems that the torpedo fleet is not where Spain
said it was. Evidently as a source of information a
Spanish official is no more reliable than a yellow cor
respondent.
Hayti and San Domingo have agreed to remain
neutral. 'Tis well. Now let us have a definite state
ment as to the attitude of Goat Island.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
THE CATTLE QUARANTINE.
GOVERNOR SADLER of Nevada has taken
an utterly indefensible position on the cattle
quarantine. He has announced that he will per
mit no cattle from California to be taken into Nevada
and has reiterated the declaration even after being
assured that it is not desired on the part of Califor
nians to send to that State any cattle likely to infect
the herds of Nevada.
These assurances have been sent to Governor Sad
ler by both Governor Budd and Secretary Wilson.
The Governor has informed him that "the cattle
whose owners are now seeking to have them ad
mitted to the northern part of this State and into
Nevada and the adjoining territories are in no wise
inflicted with disease nor in any wise liable to con
taminate or infect other ' herds with which they
mingle." For his further information it was added
that "the present quarantine in California was or
dered upon information that the disease existed in
some parts of the State. Pending investigation as
to exact localities the line was placed very far north
of the suspected districts to be sure to include them
all."
The Secretary of Agriculture was equally explicit
in his assurances of a careful watch over the interests
of Nevada. He informed Governor Sadler that "this
department will issue no permits allowing infected
cattle to enter your State. Inspectors report the dis
tricts free from infection south of the recent Cali
fornia quarantine line. Permits may be granted from
such uninfected districts by inspectors, but only after
other inspections to guard against infection." In
conclusion he added, "Assure your cattlemen that
they will be fully protected."
After these assurances the attitude of persistent re
fusal taken by Governor Sadler is mor. like obstin
acy than firmness. It is his duty, of course, to guard
the interests of his constituents, but after he has had
ample guarantees from official sources that these in
terests will not be endangered in any way by the
proposed shipment of cattle from this State, his op
position becomes not so much a protection to Ne
vada as an antagonism to California.
The issue is one that cannot be lightly passed by.
Over wide areas of the State the cattle industry has
been seriously injured by the drought, and unless
pastures in other sections or other States can be
found many thousands of valuable cattle are likely to
die of starvation or thirst. Under these circum
stances the cattle quarantine becomes a matter of
the greatest importance, and a grave injustice will
be done to cattlemen whose herds are not infected if
they are made to suffer because of a mere unfounded
suspicion against them.
It will be noted that Governor Budd states that the
quarantine line was drawn far north of the districts
where diseased cattle were suspected to exist and was
designed solely for safety pending an investigation,
while Secretary Wilson states that inspectors report
the districts free from infection south of the quaran
tine line. On this official showing it would seem to
be time to have the quarantine line changed. It is
an offensive law that gives nearly all California cattle
a bad name because a few are diseased.
& NEEDLESS PROTEST.
EY reason, we suppose, of the repeated bids of
v the British for an alliance with the United
States, and the favorable comment with which
these friendly expressions have been received by a
portion of the American press, some naturalized
citizens of this country have thought it worth while
to hold a mass-meeting in Chicago to protest against
an alliance between the United States and any foreign
power whatever.
The protest was needless. Our Government has
no intention of even considering such an alliance,
and our people, whether naturalized or native bonu
have no sentiment in favor of one. It has been the
traditional policy of the United States to follow the
counsel of Washington and to avoid entangling al
liances, and if there had been ever a temptation to
do otherwise it would now be set aside by reason of
the danger which such an entanglement would in
volve. With all Europe taxed to the verge of ruin
to maintain armies and navies made necessary by the
incessant menace of war, an alliance with any Euro
pean power is about the last thing an American ad
ministration '.vould think of undertaking.
Moreover, it is doubtful if there are half a dozen
intelligent men in Great Britain who seriously sup
pose that such a bond of union with this country
could be accomplished at this time. Alliances, to be
effective, must be based upon mutual interest of
some kind, and at present no such common interest
exists between our people and the British. We have,
indeed, a strong desire on both sides for the con
tinuance of trade and the peaceful development of
industry, but that desire, being general among all
nations, cannot be made the basis of a special al
liance between two.
At present the mission of the American people is
the upbuilding of our own country and the protection
of this hemisphere from foreign aggression. The
mission of the British people is quite different.
Theirs is a world-wide struggle and is carried on in
every quarter of the globe. We have no concern
in her quarrels nor her empire. If the supremacy of
the seas is ever wrested from her we may claim it
and set up as her successor in empire. When that
time comes we shall have foreign foes and may need
foreign friends, but at present we are neutrals. Mass
meetings to protest against foreign alliances may be
amusing, but they are not needed even for that pur
pose, and when the people of Chicago, whether natur
alized or native born, wish something to shout over
and spout over they had better hunt a liver subject.
The man who goes around pretending to inspect
gas meters and really robbing the householders
whose premises he invades proves not to have any
connection with the companies. It is therefore plain
that he has no right to steal.
The gentleman who intends to start in a balloon for
the Klondike cannot be viewed as having accom
plished much until he shall arrive there. Anybody
with the price of a balloon can start.
General Forsythe declares that war with Spain,
If it should come, might last from fifteen months to
two years. A distinguished Senator has estimated
that it might last fifteen minutes. The former esti
mate was based on military experience and knowl
edge of the situation; the latter presumably upon a
knc-wledgre of what constitutes rhetorical effect. —
Philadelphia Record.
Captain Sampson, who will have a high command
in our navy in case of war, is the son of a day la- !
borer and won his own way to the foremost ranks
He does not depend upon ancestry for his distinction
—he is, in fact, himself an ancestor.— Minneapolis
Tribune.
The Omaha Exposition has made arrangements
to have a Chinese drama played during the exposi
tion season. It is thought that at least two sets of It
can be given.— Chicago Times-Herald. |
AUTHORITIES DIFFER.
ROSE FROM THE RANKS.
A CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE.
SHE SUPERINTENDS A LINE OF RAILWAY.
/v^ IBS ANNA MITCHENER. of New
111 Philadelphia, 0.. is the only fe
111 male superintendent of a railroad
I lin the world. She manages for
' " her father. Major C. E. Mltch-
ener, owner of the line, the Tus
earowas Electric Road, running between
Canal Dover and Unionville, thirteen
miles.
During a recent bad storm of wind and
snow the road was blockaded, and It was
thought that all traffic would be brought
to a standstill for a few days at least.
But those who speculated in this wise
were not counting on the energetic young
woman, who was closely watching the af
fairs of her father's railroad.
Miss Mitchener bundled herself up In an
outfit that was a good imitation of a
Klondike miner's, and sallied forth to the
fray. She first employed all the idle men
and teams in the city and the country
surroundtng, and then personally directed
their attention to the mountains of snow,
which completely buried the line from
view. She remained on duty from dawn
until dusk, and she presented an inspir
ing sight to the army of workers under
her direction, as she made her way from
point to point over the drifts superintend
ing the removal of the snow piles.
Before nightfall some of the cars were
out on the line and running between the
two towns, although necessarily the reg
ular schedule was not adhered to. and
Miss Mitchener was being complimented
on all sides for the energy she displayed
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS.
A. Anderson of Sulsun Is staying at the
California.
B. U. Wible, a banker of Bakersfleld, is
at the Lick.
H. P. Stabber of Tuba City is a guest
at the Lick.
Sam Rucker, the Ban Jose politician, is
at the Palace.
D. A. Madeira is registered at the Grand
from Noyo, Cal.
Dr. A. Lukins of New York is a gruest
at the Occidental.
State Controller E. P. Colgan is a
guest at the Lick.
A. N. Butts is at the Occidental from
his home in Angels.
A. P. Johnson of San Jose arrived at
the Baldwin yesterday.
George T. Lorigan of New York is reg
istered at the California.
E. A. Hochwalt of Dayton, Ohio, is
staying at the California.
F. H. Buckley-Johnson of London, Eng
land, Is a guest at the Palace.
A. P. Catlin, ex-Superior Judge of Sac
ramento, is a guest at the Lick.
R. H. Porter, a banker of Denver, ar
rived at the Palace last evening.
Felix Cramer, the big piano manufac
turer of New York, Is at the Grand.
W. W. Mather, superintendent of the
Plumbago mine, is at the Occidental.
L. A. Apple, a big fruit shipper of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the California.
R J. Northam. a rancher of Los An
geles, la at the Palace with his wife.
W. J. Hunsaker, nn attorney of Los
Angeles, is staying at the Occidental.
William Dunning, U. S. N., attached to
the Monterey, is registered at the Palace.
Toney Everett of New York arrived
here yesterday and went to the Califor
nia.
The .clerk at
one of the prom
inent down town
hotels was en
gaged In check
ing up the regis
ter ; the other
evening when a
rather sad looking old gentleman came
in and. after bidding - the clerk good
evening In a voice 'that was a sort of a
cross between a sigh and a groan, helped
himself to a toothpick and, leaning
against the counter, became absorbed in
the contemplation of the opposite wall.
The clerk looked ■: at him for a few " mo
ments and then said; "What's new, Mr.
X?" "This evening—" replied he of -the
toothpick, without the shadow of a smile.
••What?" said the clerk. "This even
ing—" replied the sorrowful looking ? in
dividual. "Oh. I see.", said the . clerk,
"very good. You're ■•< a warm josher."
'•Why not?" said the : sad one. "I'm next
to a "register." "I don't see' the connec
tion," replied the clerk. "It's under the
floor," answered the stranger. "Say, old
man, you ; can't make a monkey, out of
me," said the. clerk, as his temper com
menced to rise. :■ "That has ; already been
accomplished by an all-wise Providence
- whose i ways •; are \ inscrutable," concluded
the ': old ■ gentleman, as fhe - took another
toothpick and drifted • out before the now
thoroughly angry clerk could think of
somethtnk crushing enough to say.
A CURIOUS
OLD
CHARACTER.
The old man is Quite a wit and used
to keep a bookstore, in front of which
was a blackboard on which, every morn
ing, was a different sign telling in a
truthful and witty manner what was to
be had within. For instance, the passer
by would be told
The Yellow Aater went to seed
While Dodo wae out of sight.
And the Heavenly Twins went to — —
On Ships That Pa«s tn the Night.
Some time ago he closed up his busi
ness, since which time he has amused
himself by reading and writing little
in the undertaking. Since taking charge
of the road the young woman has won
the good will of all of her employes, which
in itself speaks volumes.
"From, the very beginning I haA'e been
with the road," she said recently. "In
September of 1891, when the road was
formally opened, I took my place in the
office, doing almost ail the clerical work,
and assisted generally as best I could.
At that time I had no intention of tak
ing up the work seriously— it was a mere
diversion. But as the days went by I
became more and more interested, until
last November, when my father told me
that he had been called West to be gone
a number of months, and wanted me to
take charge of the road during his ab
sence. I have not regretted my accept
ance in the least, for I find it very pleas
ant occupation, and if I cared for a life
work would certainly make it such. I
have had no trouble at all with my work.
I have always been treated with the ut
most respect and deference by the men
in my employ, and others with whom I
have come in contact, finding them al
ways ready to accede to my wishes in
every regard. Of course, at times com
plications have arisen which have called
for quick thought and quicker action, but
at such times I have always been suc
cessful in finding the right way out. My
duties are such that I am in the open
air a large part of the time, and, in con
sequence, I have gained materially in
health since November."
sketches of city life, for private circula
tion, that are excellent studies of what
San Francisco is to-day.
Among the late arrivals at the Occi
dental are W. A. Hall and wife of Spring
field, Ohio.
Mr. and Mrs. John S. Lyle and Miss
Xewcomb of New York are registered at
the Palace.
A. L. Mohler, president of the Oregon
Short Line, is registered at the Palace
from Portland.
Martin S. Whit© of New York and E.
Parker of London, are two of yesterday's
arrivals at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue
is at the Occidental, where he arrived last
r.ight from Sacramento.
Earl H. Dagget, Sheriff of Tulare Coun
ty, is at the Lick, where he arrived yes
terday from Bakersfield,
F. M. Rust, an insurance man of Chi
cago, and H. H. Blood, an attorney of
Nevada, are both at the Grand.
A. E. Palllard, the largest manufac
turer of musical instruments in the coun
try, is at the Palace from New York.
F. A. Hihn. a hotel man of Santa Cruz,
and Dr. M. D. Smith of Middlebury. Vt.,
are two of yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
B. S. Church, Charles H. Cook and P.
P. Bertholst are three expert mining men
from Bald Mountain, Nevada, who ar
rived at the Palace last night on business
connected with the Klondike,
John Foster Fraser, F. H. Lowe and S.
E. Lamn, the three young English news
paper men who are circling the globe on
their wheels, and who arrived here some
time ago, left the Grand Hbtel yesterday
morning on the continuation of their trip.
They will go from here to New York,
where they will take the steamer for
their homes in England.
CALIFORNIANS IN T NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 5.— F. W. Quanz of
San Francisco is at the Imperial, Thomas
L. Robson of Los Angeles is at the Astor
House.
DOESN*T LIKE THE CHARTER.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: Al
though a great national crisis la and
probably will engage our attention for
some time, we should nevertheless devote
a small share of our thoughts to a matter
very close to our doors, especially now
when It appears in print before our gaze i
every morning. I refer to wltat is sup
posed to be a new charter for the city
and county of San Francisco, but which,
if properly designated, might as well be
named a lot of stuff got together at the
taxpayers" expense fur the perpetuation ■
of the Mayoralty. Under that instrument i
(which by the way will not see the light
of another day after election) the first j
(lucky) born (according to street vernacu- 1
lar) would not do a thing but perpetuate I
himself and all of his coterie in position
or office for life, and then leave It to his
next of kin as an heirloom. I am sur
prised—no, we may as well expect almost
anything in future, when jhe men we
voted for (thereby losing at least one
hour's valuable time of every voter) to
create a new charter, and this is the re
sult. Talk about Buckleyism, Crimmlna
and Kelly. Burns and all of our other gal
lant politicians; why, they had better go
to school and learn to do politics accord- >
ing to the inventors of this new charter, I
or rather learn from its creators. Talk '
about raw work; I have never seen its
equal; but does it not appear as though j
this was created as a sort of nightmare
joke? Surely It was never seriously in
tended to be elected or voted chosen by '
any one with the exception perhaps of i
the creators thereof.
J. H. GOLDMEYER.
1323 Green street.
San Francisco, April 5.
WE CANNOT TURN BACK.
Spain must quit this continent. That Is
manifest destiny, and the hour has
struck. There la no stopping place short
of the absolute Independence of Cuba-
There is no peace short of that. It would
have been as easy to end the war of the
revolution at Bunker Hill or the civil war
at Bull Run aa to turn back now. We
have become the instrument the evo'u
tionarv force, by which the Spanish ruie
in the new world she once owned is
brought to its historical end. F'nallty
is the very essence of the undertaking.
We should be very great fools to maw
these martial preparations and go
through all this worry, suspense, and JO-s
for some miserable compromise inai
would break down next fall or next J t^Ca
or in ten years, and leave us to . m a*e
our martial preparations and go throupn
the worry, suspense and the loss again
Time and again we have temporized and
postponed. We were within a measur
able distance of war with Spain n i»<d.
and again in 1575. We had a Cuban
war panic" in ISP6. and Me Kin ley s soi
emn words of warning last Dumber
brought the ultimate necessity of irK"
vention and possible hostile action clear
ly into view. The "war scare of 13V3
will end the series.— New York Times.
THE WARRIOR OF THE Q. M. D.
Back in the days of Sixty-one his automatlo
In 6harp°demands for bloody war with energy
He ached W n amble to the front, a deadly gun.
And with the foeman's ruddy, gore baptize the
And with the foeman's ruddy, gore baptize tno
Southern land. " , _._
And when at last the summons came for men
to do and die •, .„„.
He found his stack of courage chips was quite
a number shy, . . . .
But well he played his warlike hand— naa
a pull, you see—
And grot a proud position In the
Q ' M - D.
All through the long and bloody war he stood
right at his post. .
And dealt out clothing and supplies unto the
battling host. M ...
And though the roar of cannon from a dis
tance smote his ear.
His actions demonstrated that he never felt a
He was a sinew of the war, a powerful one.
For if" he gave not grub to them what could
the Foldiers do?
And thus he battled for the cause with trua
fidelity ,
Right at his post 6t honor In the
M.
D.
And when the bloody war wm o'er back to
his home he came,
Upon his commissary brow the laurel wreath
of fame, .
And since In every great parade h» is on
hand, of course.
Dressed In the finest uniform and on the tall
est horse. .
Upon him every eye is bent with bright aa
mlring glance .
As with the gleaming spurs he makes nis
charger snort and prance. _,»».
While In the rear the boys who marched wlta
Sherman to the sea
Keep step and guy the hero of the
Q ' M.
D.
i Now once again his eager ears engulf the
i sounds of war,
1 And once again his fearless voice Is crying
out for gore,
And once again he"d raise his arm with cour
age tried and true
; And dish up coffee, beans and things unto tna
boys In blue.
Amid the commissary stores, by patriot valor
swayed,
! He'd plice up bacon for the boys with trusty,
gleaming blade,
i For that is war enough for him. Just nta mm
to a T.
i This non-blood-spilling warrior of tne
Q ' M.
D.
—Denver Poet.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
McKINLEY'S RELTGTON-H. H H..
City. President McKlnley is a Methodist.
A DAT IN JULY— J. "W. M., North
Temescal, Cal. The 26th of July, 1845, fell
on Tuesday.
NEW ORLEANS COIN— H. C, Evans
ville, Ind. A dime coined in New Orleans
In 1594 does not command a premium.
ZANGWILL— Reader, San Jose. Cal., A
letter addressed to Zangwill, author of
"The Master," care of Harper Bros., New
York city, will reach the author named.
CODLIN MOTH— T. B. C, Hopland.
Cal. The Government of the United
States has not offered a reward for the
discovery of a remedy for the ravages of
the codlln moth.
THE RULES— G., City. It was not thir
teen, but fifteen rules that King James
laid down for the translators of the Bible.
These are to be found ii> "The History of
the English Bible," by Rev. W. F. Moul
ton, M.A., D.D.
RUBBER TIRES— O. S., Oakland. Cal.
Terrah Hooley's address Is Birmingham,
England. He does not control all the rub
ber tires of the world, but he does control
all those made in England and is at the
head of what is known as "the Dunlop
Syndicate." '
VOCAL CORDS— B. A. R.. City. This
department is not aware ttiat "orofes
sional singers have some cord or some
thing to that effect cut in the throat in
order to improve the voice." You proba
bly have heard of cords of the hand being
cut to enable piano players to span a cer
tain number of keys and have got the two
mixed.
DEPOSIT ON GAS— An Old Subscriber,
City. If you will look at The Call of
Saturday, March 12, fourteenth page, you
will see a reproduction of a letter sent
out by the gas company and you can then
compare that with the statement mad<j to
you at the office and determine for your
self if you were told the truth.
Solid cream Easter^ eggs. 5c Townsend*
» ♦ ■
Cream Klondlkers, 10c. Townsend'e. •
. ■ ♦ ■ _=.
For Easter novelties try Townsend's. •
■m ■ i
A choice present, Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in fire-etched boxes. •
■ ♦ ■ i.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Marriage in Spain takes place by day
or at night, according to the fortune
of the young people or their station In
life. If well to do, the ceremony comes
off In the early part of the morning.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
eoft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by 6teamship, including fifteen flays' board
at the Hotel del Coronado. J65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mjr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, GlenwooJ Spgs, Colo.
The sudden changes of climate en
countered by soldiers when troops are
moved from one quarter of the world
to another are estimated as increasing
the annual mortality of Europe by 50 -
000 men.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Royal
Baking Powder
TO BE PORER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERWAS FATED
TO PERISH
IN THE SURF
Erratic Course of the
New York in Half
moon Bay.
Ugly Comments Made
Upon the Cause of the
Recent Wreck.
Twice Did Captain Thomas
Peabody Enter the Reef-
Bound Cove.
DANGER SIGNS AROUND.
Landsmen and Mariner* Mystified
Over the Master's Strange
Maneuvers.
The wrecking of the ship New York on
the beach near Spanishtown, Halfmoon
Bay. has caused no end of gossip among
ten and Insurance agents, to say noth- ;
ing of the remarks of the people living '
a here ti;e big ship went ashore. Not :
a few are inclined to be uncharitable and i
even ugly in their comments upon the j
way Captain Thomas Peabody handled I
his vessel during the thirty-six hours b«.
fore she was piled up on the beach, a
lOML The New York on Saturday
"i>n, March 12, was off the Pigeon
Point light, eighteen miles south from
where she now lies. Although the wind
was blowing strong the ship made only
eighteen miles headway in twenty-four
hours and the next eight hours put her j
In the breakers, although according to j
the statement of the master he supposed
lie was close to the Karallones.
Captain Peabody*s story of many of the
incidents of the disaster is materially dif- ;
ferent from the statements of many of
the folks wl • were In the vicinity of the
bay. He Bays that the weather was '
heavy and thick, while dozens of wit
irt that the day and night were
as clear as could be asked for. He states
that at no time when on the inshore tach., I
that led tk> the destruction of the ship,,
did he see any lights on the shore or on
the water, but the facts are that nearly ai
hundred lights ■■■: various kinds glimmered \
over the within a radious of •
three miles, !■> say nothing of the Pigeon
Point ilght that was visible to those on
the steamer Gipsy which lay at anchor
Close under Pil!ar Point.
More than one person has stated that
he believed that the wrecking of the '
New York was intentional and not the i
result of a combination of adverse cir- j
cumstancea over which the master of the !
Bhip had no control. This belief was i
upon the peculiar manner in which
the vessel was handled, almost run upon
v rocky r.x-f in the afternoon and again
back over the same dangerous |
• r destruction after the shades j
of night had fallen. The insurance men j
declare that while they cannot see how
t hip couid have been wrecked acci- j
dentally, they are unable to iind a motive
for ■ - destruction.
Twice during the fateful day did Cap- ;
Peabody run hie ship almost upon '
one of the most dangerous reefs on that
' ' ' . and why he should have
■ the second time is what the peo
ple cannot understand. For two uays
the New York was closely watched by A. !
Younker, the manager of the Amesport
wharf, near the end of the bay, it
th"c small, half-sheltered cove can be so
called. In discussing the movements of
ihip Mr. Younker said: "1 noticed
t!i.- ship on Saturday the day she went 1
i recognised her by her short i
tnp had been broken off. !
■.-.,.- tacking in and out near or norm
Ql thy Pigeon i^oint light, and it did not
to me that she was very far from
(bore. About 12 o'clok on the next
day I saw her for the lirst time a con- :
siderable distance inside of the reef near '
buoy No. 3. The sails were all up, but
there were no sisris of distress and a
number oi us wondered why the captain
should take his ship Into such a danger- ;
to hang up there '
I then turn and go south !
wind and next put out to sea I
I think the ship must have gone out '
twenty miles, for at -sundown we could
just make her out. As the Gipsy haa
tune and anchored in the cove 1
g light out at the end of the '
warehouse, as 1 always dv when the
htean er is in the cove or is due The
:'-": '-" ' ' against the white-washed'
• and can be seen for a j
ut at sea. After a while
'■■■■ d that the ship waa
shore again, und coniine
- :u as sin' could be steered :
- Mr - ; l!1((1 attention to the fact '
tfithin a distance of a mile south of
the wbarl there are over two dozen farm '
m. and said that at night there are
s lights to be seen at the windows
• re were the two riding lights
on the steamer Gipsy. Manuel Simeon was
another who witnessed the strange ma
neuvers of the New York during the '
oon and evening, and these obser- ;
were shared by Jesse Valadao i
Frank Martin and Antone Vantura, all
of. whom at times work around the wharf '
At the smith end of Spanishtown lives
William Metzgar, opposite whose land the •
■ wreck' 'i vessel now lies. Ho was a close!
ier of the movements of the shin 1
during the day and evening, and his nar- I
rativ.- as to the strange conduct of the I
r tallies with the stories told by
those on the wharf and dozens who live
In the town.
The officers of the little coasting steam
er GlpVy, that runs from this port to San
ta. Cruz, had a line opportunity of noting
the n ovements of the New York, but they
are as badly mystified as axiy one.
"It was Sunday afternoon about 2
o'clock when I first saw the New York,"
said Captain Iceland of the steamerGlpsy.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Who
Pays
That
Fifty
Cents?
The percentage druggist sells
a prescription for SI. We sell the
, same prescription for 50c. There; is
I no question* about, who ; gets that
• Other fifty cents— it goes to the doc-
tor who wrote the prescription. But
who pays it. you or the druggist?
Which do you think? Sj
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.,
' . U49-951 MARKET STREET,
. l : " . between FliUx uad : -a -vs j
"We had passed Pigeon Point and were
making for the company's wharf. It
was a clear day and we could see nearly
twenty miles. When I sighted the New
lork she was standing in toward the
beach, and I said to the mate, 'What's
that fellow doing in there? He'll run
that ship ashore if he don't look out.' Th.3
Gipsy was about half a mile off shore and
the Xew York was on the port tack abuut
a mile and a half from the beach. Just
then he hauled his main topsail back,
but the ship hung fire. I watched him a
few seconds, and then remarked to the
mate, 'My God, he's on the reef.' She
Wing there for about ten minutes, and
tXen her topsails filled and the crew wore
snip and stood off shore.
"In the morning the mate knocked on
my door and said 'Captain, that ship's
ashore.' There she was, sure enough,
piled up almost on the exact point for
which she had been heading the day be
fore.
"I have just this much to say about
that wreck: The man who ran her there
must have been crazy, lie must have
seen Pigeon Point light if he was keep
ing any lookout. When the New York
was tacked and stood off shore the cap
tain must have known where he was. If
he had used his eyes at all he could not
but have seen the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's wharf, the buoys mark
ing the opening in the reef and the one
marking the end of the reef below which
his vessel went ashore. All these signs
should have told h!m where he was, and
therefore I say the man who ran the
New York ashore must have been crazy.
To G. S. Dent, the second mate of the
steamer Gipsy, the movement of the
New York on the Oay that she met her
fate were decide-i.y a mystery. Accord
ing to his statements the ship was nrst
sighted about 2:30 o'clock in the after
noon as the Gipsy was steaming into the
cove of Halfmoon Bay. In speaking of
the singular movements of the ship and
his own impressions he said: "I was on
the bridge and saw the ship coming
straight in, as I thought, on her first in
shore tack. I called Captain Leland and
asked him what he thought of the way
the snip was being handled, v c could
not make out why she should be so close
to the land. At the time we decided that
her captain was somewhat off his course
and wanted to know where he was or
wanted to get a pilot. About that time
we saw that he people on board were
hauling back the main yard and the ship
checked in her course. When she rounded
to she was not more than a quarter of
a mile south of the south reef, the buoy
being to the north of her. This reef ex
tends half a mile. The wind was blowing
pretty fresh from the northwest, just
Course of the New York Before Going on the Feach.
such a breeze as a captain of a vessel like
bis would like.
"I was on deck most of the afternoon,
and about 6:30 o'clock I noticed that the
New York had again tacked and was
standing Inshore. Captain Leland and
tSrst mute, Mr. Peterson, watched her
a lime, and we commented that if
was lucky she would be able to pass
point on that tack."
t hat was the condition of the wind?"
asked of Mr. Dent, to which he an
cl: "It was blowing pretty stiff from
northwest all of the afternoon, but
so hard as to make the handling Of a
ship at all difficult."
"And the condition of the atmosphere,
was it foggy or misty, so that the "captain
could not see where he was going?"
"Pshaw, nothing of the kind. The
weather was as clear as a day could
be," was the mate's reply. "The night
was as cle:u" as the day. At 7 o'clock
in the evening 1 plainly saw the Pigeon
Point light, which is eighteen miles down
the coast. If we could see that light so
far down the coast I do not understand
Rthe captain of the ship could not see
two lights where we lay at anchor,
had our riding Fights up fore and aft.
des there was a big light on the end
le wharf and back on the shore could
seen dozens of lights in the town,
Spanishtown. Still the captain of tha
New York kept right on, lights and all,
until he piled his ship up on the beach,
where she now lies. I cannot see for the
life of me how it was that he could have
made such a mistake. It would have
been inexcusable for him to have made
such a mistake in the night time, with
all the lights in full sight, but to do as
he did after nearly going on the reef in
the afternoon is more than I can com
prehend. When he found, In the after
noon, that he was in a locality in which
he had no business It was his duty to
have got out of there as fast as his
sails would carry him. But he did not,
and his ship is now on the beach."
Captain Peabody of the New York la
still at Spanishtown. He acknowledges
that the loss of the ship Is as much ofl
a mystery to him as to any one else.
Yesterday he said that on the day pre
ceding the wreck he was beating on and
off the coast west of Pigeon Point light,
and could not make any headway against
the wind. It took him about twenty-four
STRANGE FREAK OF A SCOTCH COLLIE.
Oscar Heath, secretary of the Dickman & Jones Company of this
city, is the owner of a Scotch collie that has exr bited a strangely
maternal instinct or affection, which manifested itself in such a pe
culiar manner as to furnish the deepest ground of research *to the stu
dent of freaks of nature. It is nothing more nor less than the fostering
of a brood of young chickens, over which she watches with the great
est care and affection.
Flora, as the collie is named, first manifested these remarkable
proclivities by frantic efforts to enter an inclosure containing a brood
of newly hatched chickens, and the owner, being curious to learn what
the dog would do, admitted her. Immediately upon entering the place
she, by every sign of which a dog is capable, showed her desire to
foster and care for the brood, protecting them from any apparent
danger and sheltering the little chicks from the cold by the warmth
of her body as tie lies prostrate upon the ground.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
hours to get up opposite Halfmoon Bay,
and the reason he gave for going in so
close to the land was that the weather
was hazy and he could not make out the
shore well.
When he found that he was in a dan
gerous neighborhood he "wore" ship and
headed for the deeper and safer west. "I
stood off until 4:30 p. m.," said he, "and
judged from the patent log that I was
about twenty-two miles out. Then I
tacked and headed for the Point Bonlta
light, as I supposed. All of the time the
wind was blowing very hard and the
weather was thick and we could not see
very far. I went aloft to try and find the
light I was expecting to see, and off to
the land side I saw a white line of break
ers. I shouted to throw the helm over,
but the ship would not answer, and we
went broadside into the breakers. There
was nothing for me to gain and every
thing to lose by wrecking the ship. As it
whs my wife and I lost everything we
had. I did not own a cent interest in the
Now York, and the owners, L. Lucken
bach & Bros, of New York City, are the
most responsible people in this line of
business. Some of these ugly stories have
been circulated by the sailors. No sooner
had they got safe on shore than they got
beastly drunk. Every one from the town
brought a bottle of liquor and nearly
every sailor got all .that his hide would
hold. Even the second mate. Wilson, was
dead drunk on the sand within eight feet
of the water's edge when I got ashore in
the morning after the ship went on."
The New York was an iron ship, built
in ISS3. Her cargo was valued at $125,000
and Insured in this city and Hongkong
for Its full value. The vessel was valued
at about $3S.O<X> and Insured in New York
for about $30,000 in the Atlantic Mutual,
Boston Marine and North American com
panies. _____________
SILVEB STATE WAB.
An Angry Lessee Hammers a Piano
as a Means of Revenge.
Landlord Silverberg of the Silver State
Hotel on Mason street no sooner gets out
of one wrangle with tenants than he is
in the midst of another. Ever since
Messrs. Montgomery and Wiseman left
the house there has been a merry war
between Silverberg and Lessee J. B.
Leland of the bar.
"I am out $15<h) in this business," said
Leland last night, "and I do not propose
to surrender without a flght. I'll go be
fore the Grand Jury and have the whole
crowd indicted the first thing they know.
I was induced to come in by false repre
sentations."
The famous lodging-house recently sur-
rendered by Montgomery and Wiseman is
now conducted by Mrs. Gale, formerly of
17 Stockton street. Leland thinks she
and Silverberg wish to conduct the bar
themselves. Leland has formulated a
plan of retaliation, which he began to
carry out yesterday, and which may
reach the courts to-day.
He sent for a piano yesterday after
noon, put it in the barroom and hired a
singer, greatly to the annoyance of guests
of the house, who threatened to leave If
the noise, did not cease.
"Stop that noise in the barroom, for
yon are driving my guests away," said
Mrs. Gale.
"Get out of here! I'm running the sa
loon!" retorted Leland.
Then Silverbprp came on the scene and
tried to persuade Leland to give up the
saloon.
"Pay me the thousand I am out and
I'll leave," said Leland, whereupon Sil
verberg left, declaring that his house
would be ruined by dissensions among
its Inmates'.
Charged With Burglary.
William Franklin, a waiter, and another
man entered a room in Mrs. Mary O'Con
nor's lodging house, 933 Mission street,
yesterday afternoon. They were discov
ered and fled. Policemen Cooney and
McGrayan chased them and succeeded in
capturing Franklin. He was booked at
the City Prison on a charge of burglary.
Richard Curtis and Fred Harvey were
also booked yesterday for burglary by
Detectives Reynolds nnd Dinan. Th>y
broke into the room of William Crowky.
515 Kearny street and stole a lot of
clothing, which the detectives have re
covered.
Caused by the Earthquake.
Inspector O'Brien of the School Depart
ment has filed with the Board of Edu
cation his report on the damage sus
tained by the Girls' High School build
ing from the recent earthquake. He re
ports that the principal damage Is to the
north wall under the roof, which has been
moved from its original position nearly
two Inches. He estimates the cost of re
i pairing the damage at $2000.
EASTERN METHODS
IN A JOCKEY CLUB
Sleight of Hand Jugglers Pursue Illegal
Plans to Double Values,
The Dark Ways by Which the Pacific Coast
Club's Stock Was Pawned and
Depreciated.
It has come to light that the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, following the dark
and mysterious Eastern methods intro
duced by Ed Corrigan, has lately
doubled its stock in an illegal manner.
At a meeting during the early part of .
laet month the directors declared a div- j
idend of 100 per cent. This seemed so j
unusual that several stockholders de- |
clined to accept their share of the al- j
leged dividends until they investigated
the meaning of the unusual proceeding, j
When they probed into the matter
they soon discovered that the method
pursued to double the stock was a void
and useless proceedings. The suspicous
stockholders, therefore, declined to ac
cept the dividends, which were pay
able in other shares of stock.
A little figuring soon showed that the
reason of the queer and illegal ■ pro
ceedings was that some of the stock
holders were in debt to an embarrass
ing extent. To recoup their heavy
losses they pledged their stock at va
rious banks, after which they met and
doubled the issue of stock, thereby de
preciating the pledge as well as pre
viously issued shares to the amount of
exactly on^-half.
But the new stock looked so good on
its face that a number of bankers ad
vanced money on it. They did not
know "the ways that are dark and the
tricks that are vain," by which the
sleight-of-hand manipulators from the
far East had rendered that stock equal
to only half of its apparent value.
They will know when they read this,
and there is likely to be a merry war
between pledgors and pledgees when
they come face to face. It will be
difficult to convinr^ the bankers that
men can lift themselves by their own
boot straps and that property repre
sented by ten thousand shares is more
valuable than the same property repre
sented by five thousand.
Those who refused to accept the ad
ditional shares, which the manipulators
called dividends, were acting on the ad
vice of lawyers, who, after investigat
ing the methods by which the stock
was increased, pronounced the proceed
ings void and wholly worthless.
It will be understood at a glance that
the reason for the proceedings of the
principal stockholders was that they
had met with severe reverses, which
drove them to hypothecate their shares
at such banks as would advance them
money. Having -made the raise suc
cessfully they rrere ingenious enough to
proceed to the extreme of issuing one
hundred per cent more. They did not
operate under the laws of California,
and there is a suspicion that they pro
ceeded under the flexible laws of Illi
nois, where Mr. CorHeran has had a
long and varied experience.
The original issue consisted of 5000
shares, valued at $100 per share, of
which 2451 shares were at once paid for
and issued, the balance being held in
reserve. Doubling the stock by the
methods attempted by the stockholders
has left a batch of depreciated stock on
hand and has furnished a brilliant ex
ample of the stone wall against which
the directors have run their heads.
The law on the subject of issuing
and increasing stock is very plain. It
Is provided by section 11, article XII, of
the State constitution, as follows:
No corporation shall issue stock or
bonds, except for money paid, labor
done or property actually received,
and all fictitious increase of stock or
indebtedness shall be void.
Practically the same thing is reiter
ated at the beginning of section 359 of
the Civil Code, which defines the pow
ers of corporations.
That part of the Ci-il Code relating
to powers of directore of corporations
lat section 309 provides among other
things:
"The directors of corporations must
not make dividends except from the
surplus profits arising from the busi
ness thereof." (Meaning the business
of the corporation.) "Nor must they
divide, withdraw or pay to the stock
holders or any of them any part of the
capital stock, nor must they create
debts beyond their subscribed cap
ital stock, nor must they divide,
withdraw or pay to the stockholders
any part of the capital stock except as
hereinafter provided, nor reduce or In
crease the capital stock except as here
in provided."
The provision covered by the "here
inafter provided" has reference to cor
porations holding and selling real es
tate, water and water rights, when a
two-thirds vote of the stock is neces
sary. And also that after the payment
of all the debts of a corporation upon
its dissolution, the capital stock may
be divided among the stockholders.
The only decision that appears to be
directly upon thOße propositions is the
case of Kellerman vs. Maier, 116 Cal.,
416, decided April 6, 1897. In that case
stock was issued in a corporation
called the Castica Oil Company to cer
tain stockholders upon the payment by
them of 50 cents a share. Subsequently
the price of the stock to persons in
tending to purchase was reduced to 23
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Kheuinatlsin. ,Curo is guartntetd to be absolutely
harmless, and a stron" tonic Inbuiidiu^ "p the weak
and debilitated. It cures acute or muscular rheurua-
tism in from one to five dnys. Sharp, sl.ootlng pains
in any p:irt of the body Hopped in a fey doses. A
prompt, complete and pvnuuncnt cure fcr lameness,
soreness, stiff back and all pain.l in hips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lumrr.go or pain in
the bark are speedily cured. It ttldui-i fai's to give
relief from one 10 two doses, and almost iuvnriably
cures before one bottle has been us?d. ThoMunyon
Ilemt'dy Company prvparo afeparr-to cure for each
Jisease. Atall druwists— 3scentsa vial. If you need
medical advico write Prof, ilnnyon, liOo Arch
Street, Philadelphia. It is absolutely free. \4/
cents a share, and additional shares
were to be issued to those who had
purchased at 50 a share, in order
to equalize the prices so that the stock
already purchased should cost no more
than that to be purchased at the re
duced price. The court says:
"Section 359 of the Civil Code pro
vides that 'no corporation shall issue
stock or bonds except for money paid
labor done or property actually re
ceived.' The certificates for the two
thousand shares referred to appear to
have been issued in violation of this
provision; and if they were so issued
they were void, and the parties receiv
ing them did not thereby beoome share
holders nor make themselves liable tb
creditors as for an unpaid subscrip
tion."
President Androus and J. H. Crocker
of the club were seen last night rela
tive to the issue of stock as dividends.
They said they had been Informed that
the proceedings were entirely proper.
"Why was the stock increased In
this way?" was asked of President An
drous.
"I cannot tell you <ust why," was the
reply, "as that .was a matter in the
discretion of the board of directors; but
I am informed that everything was
done after thorough legal advice."
Mr. Crocker professed equal ignor
ance of the motive that led to the un
usual action. I*<» said: "I personally
do not know just why the directors
took the action, but I am informed that
the attorneys for the club passed on
the* matter in due form before the step
was taken. If it is illegal it can, no
doubt be set aside, as it has probably
done no particular harm."
THE PRESIDENT INDORSED.
The Chamber of Commerce Bequests
The California Delegates to
Sustain McKinley.
At a special meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce held yesterday afternoon the
following dispatch was ordered to be for
warded to the California delegates now
in 'Washington:
Whereas, The Chamber of Commerce of . San
Francisco realizing the intense feeling at pres
ent-prevailing In our country owing to the
strained relations existing between the United
States and the kingdom of Spain, believe that
under such circumstances too much stress can
not be placed upon the necessity or our citizens
looking upon the question involved in a calm
and deliberate manner, and. Whereas, We are
of the opinion that the policy pursued in this
present J crisis by the President • and adminis
tration in Washington has been in, thorough
accord with our dignity as a nation and the
best ; interests of our country; and .. that the
President has shown that he fully realizes the
gravity of the situation and his dignified, calm
and considerate . course under . these trying con
ditions deserve the cordial support- of - all of
our citizens independent of political parties.
Be it therefore
Resolved, That we respectfully extend to the
President the assurance of our earnest sup
port and urgently request the California dele
gation in Washington to use their best en
deavors to sustain and uphold the President
in the furtherance of the policy which he has
adopted. : :;mßgm i ■*" ■'■ ■•
Following this was another addressed
to Senator Perkins urging him to use
his influence in having the quarantine
laws of the United States exclusively en
forced at this port. This means that the
State laws be done away with so far as
they apply to the quarantining of foreign
vessels entering the harbor.
The memory of Charles Hanson, a late
member of the Board of Directors of the
Chamber, who died last month, was re
membered by a suitable set of resolu
tions eulogizing his usefulness as an
active member of the association.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies for Dyspepsia and
Indigestion. , -
The national disease of Americans is
indigestion or in its chronic form, dy-
spepsia, and for the very reason that
it is so common many people neglect
taking proper treatment for what they
consider trifling stomach trouble, when,
as a matter of fact, • indigestion lays
the foundation for many incurable dis-
eases. -. No person with a vigorous,
healthy stomach will fall a victim to
consumption. Many kidney '.diseases
and heart troubles date their begin-
ning from poor digestion; thin, nerv-
ous people are really so because their
stomachs are out of .; gear; weary, lan-
guid, faded , out women owe | their con-
dition : to imperfect digestion. j.
When nearly every person you meet
is afflicted with weak digestion it is not
surprising that nearly every secret pat-
ent medicine on the market claims to
be a cure for dyspepsia, |as well as a
score of other troubles, when, in fact,
as Dr. Werthier says, there is but one
genuine dyspepsia cure which is per-
fectly safe and reliable, and moreover,
this ' remedy is not ■, a patent medicine,
but it ' is a ? scientific combination ■ of
pure pepsin (free from animal matter),
vegetable' essences, fruit salts and bis-
muth. It is sold by druggists under
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. No
extravagant claims are made for them,
but •'; for indigestion or any f stomach
trouble, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets j are
far ahead* of any ■ remedy ? yet discov-
ered. They act on the food eaten, no
dieting is necessary, simply ■ eat ; all the
wholesome '■ food ' you want and these
tablets will digest it. A : cure results,
because all the : stomach ? needs is a
rest, which Stuart's • Dyspepsia Tablets
give by doing the work of digestion.
Druggists sell these tablets at 50 cents
per package. ; Little' book on stomach
diseases and "testimonials sent free by
addressing Stuart Co., chemists, Mar-
shall, Mich; /_; •
SAINT MARK'S HOSPITAL
HOME FORTHE CARE OFTHEINEBRIATE
; Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets, '
Is ' Open ■ for the Reception of Patients, Under
Care of .••■:
DR. S. P. TUGGLE,
Superintendent : and Resident Physician. - .*
- Down-town Office— S. E. CORNER GEARY
'AND : STOCKTON; STREETS, over City of
Paris; 2 to 4 p. m. . ■■■■•;■- .>.
; O TT C U l7 C FOR BARBERS. bak-
Dtl UOXI Hi era - bootblacks, bath-
",*^-" rf- M L*,T?£~; houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, '.- candy-makers, - canners,
I dyers, i flourmills. foundries, i laundries, paper- :
hangers, - printers, painters, shoe  factories
stablemen, tar-roof era," tanners. • tailors, etc. " v
■ BUCHANAN BROS.,
1 Brush Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento St
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
EASTER OFFEK
® IN ®
BOYS' CLOTHING!
Every suit shown is this season's produc- I
tion, and, MOTHERS, if you will make up
your mind before spending ONE DIME ELSE- I
WHERE to look at these STUPENDOUSLY I
LOW PRICES that we have placed upon them, |
you'll stop right here at PAUSON 6c CO., as it
means the saving of MANY BRIGHT DOL- 1
LARS to YOU in the buying of your Boy's I
new Suit or Overcoat. 1
THREE INCREDIBLE BARGAINS,
The swellest line of MIDDY SUITS, REEFER SUITS . - ■ |
• and DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS, in blue, brown g-£jfc j*fr CT g-*^ 1
and stylish mixtures; worth $3.50 and $4.' For a?*f^ J _ 13 I
this week...................... ......; * — ' m E
About 300 of those pretty. SAILOR SUITS, in A dT\/~\ 1
.blue, with white or red soutache braid; worth £^^ At L.l :■■ M"b
$5,and'56."....:...........:...... ..........;... r • I
BOYS' LONG PANTS SUITS, in gray, tan and all the fT^^my lIP* f\ 1
newest colorings for spring and summer; 1 also ■jf m^k Ba I
black and blue CHEVIOTS, on Special Sale at... M • I
88S8 83.88 88 88 88 88,83 83 S3 88 83 83 88 88 S3 S» I
"'• 1 COMMUNION SUITS, I
: We have a r large variety of blue >
gj - and black suits for boys, especially j« i
188 suited for communion suits, from & I
**1: $7.50 to $15. •" • !
S?3 83 83 S3 88 83 83 88 88 88 88 88 83 S3 83 83 83^ .
i!% % % % ?;%•.*. % % *;•;%•.%•.%,;
~^ S^\ f*% f^ti*^* &% ffT C? JO A^ •*
INE. CORNER. SUTTER. I
' ! - -••-■■ ... — i..,,. h— miaii ■■■_ „ ■■■ lll ', *,
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
■ -- - -,-■■ - . -
■ " Second and last week.
. . , ANNA HELD . . .
Presenting a new series of songs, Including
the original animated song sheet. J ■.■,..- r ,- r
In conjunction with the ; roaring farce,
**J\ GAY DECEIVER."
EXTRA. -
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY. APRIL. 11.
« . Hoyt's New Comedy
." ;.;;- Entitled .' •
A Stranger In New York.
Presented by Hoyt & McKee's Own Company.
A superb organization' of clever comedians
and pretty girls.
Sumptuously Staged and Beautifully Costumed.
Sale of seats begin TO-MORROW (Thursday).
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Two MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES A. ■
HERN E/,
In his original creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY,
■ In his beautiful comedy drama '
SHORE ACRES!
Coming— 'NANCY HANKS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Wm. Jerome's ' Herald Square - Comedians,
Headed by MAUDE NUGENT., In the
Uproariously Funny ► Tarce,
A Jay In New York.
Latest musical hits. ' Clever specialties.
Next Sunday— EDWARD HARRIGAN. '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. Ernestine KKELiyo. Proprietor it Managar
' To-night. By universal desire. .
Balfe's romantic opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL !
THE ALL-STAR CAST. —
Superb chorus and magnificent orchestra. j
THIS SATURDAY EVENING, OUR EASTER
BURLESQUE, Mw? ..-.••..;;
"SINBAD THE SAILOR."
Bright, Breezy, Brilliant. Grand Ballets,
New Specialties, .Novel Eccentricities, Mirth,
Music, Merriment. ! . '
SEATS NOW ON SALE. .
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
.No Telephone. . * ' "' : .*■'-'
ALCAZAR 6EAT ph^e
r\l~,\,sf\£^r\r\. MAI!N 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
. MATINEE. SATURDAY. ' ■' i
The Queen of Comedies Has Got the Decision.
■; ■- : ■■■ -■ . - ■ ;.:,, Who? ;■•.,;. ■
... "JANE!" - - -
THREE ACTS OF SOLID FUN.
TRICES, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next week— "The Strange Adventures of
Miss Brown." , ...--.. ■."■--.
PACING! RACING! RACING J
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter Meeting,^ 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY.
■. April 4, to April 16 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, <■---:
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND BATCBDAY.
: FIVE ,OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
'— '— RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.—-—
- Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connect-
ing : with train stopping xat s the . entrance sto
track. :". Buy your ferry tickets .to Shell Mound.
Returning — Trains leave j the I tracK lat 4:15 and
4:45 p. in., and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
\R. B. MILROY, : Secretary. • • ■
HI VM PT A Comer of ' Mtson and
UL,ymi^iA— ._ E ddy; S u#ett: ,; .
:• America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. • MLLE. ADEDITA.
Spanish Dancer: CLIFFORD JACKLIN, i Great
DOLLY PAXTON, « halladist, '& and ten others.-
; Tenor; •■;' MAE ; TUNISON, v- operatic selections;
House heated, i" Admission ', free. ■ • ■ . . i- - ; r ->."r.' : •
SPIRITUALISTIC EXPOSE.
THE COONLEYS at the . Y. M. C. •A. ' Audi-
torium, Mason and : Ellis ' streets, ' FRIDAY
EVENING, April iB, :In one of their entertain-
ing exposes uf spiritualism.
. _ ■■ - - ■ .... - ' .
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand ProduciSbn of Henry Pettlt'a Great
Drama. *
HANDS
ACROSS «
THE SEA!
With a Powerful Cast and Realistic Scenic
■ Effects. : "
New Prison Scene, La Roquette, France.
New Harbor Scene, Sydney, Australia.
Great Ocean Steamship . Scene, . "The Austra-
• S--V lasian."
Beautiful Costumes and Good Comedy.
Evening Prices 10, 25, 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6
Parquet, any seat, 1 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. . .
From the Folies Berpere, Paris,'
MLLE. BARTHO, . . .
The beautiful, bewildering, bewitching dan-
st-use.
MANDOLA. Globe Equilibrist; JOHN W.
WEST, Musical Monologuist; MARIAN AINS-
WORTH, Singing Soubrette; the FIVE
WHIRLWINDS, WATSON. HUTCHINGS
and EDWARDS, MONTGOMERY* and STONE,
GLISSANDOS. CHAS. T. ELLIS, and others.
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
• i . From 10 a. m. to 2p. m. Daily at the
.ZOO IN "THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
PROF.. : CANIAC'S PERFORMING JAGUAR
AND LEOPARD, and a host of ; attractions !<
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
.10c to All. including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
: CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
THE ■
WEEKLY
/XTIT 1
XjJiAaLi
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< ♦ PAPER ON THE
W PACIFIC COAST
2 — "~" // — ■
Z) The Best \ Mining
j Telegraphic \y News That
&x] Service on /V Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \& up to date
o<
p/ ■■ - Not a Line of ft Sensational
q/ or Fakyi and Not a; Line of
3 it Dry or Uninteresting. '
cJ Bright, Clean, ' A Champion oi
.TTI .- Thoughtful. Truth. [;•.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 L THE TIME.
2 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME V MAIL, Sl.s§ ■
C«^ INDUSTRIES A YEAR. - ; - {
78
THE FUTURE OF THE FAMOUS COMSTOCK.
VIRGINIA CITY, April 5.—
■•Just the same, it's the best
town for its size on the coast."
Tho Virginia and Truckee
Railroad— which, by the way,
pay? the best wages of any railroad in
the United States— curves up through
the valley of the Carson River, and,
with many a turn, winds its way up
the mountains to Virginia City. The
majestic beauty of the mountain scen
ery in this part of Nevada is sufficient
of itself to make this most famous
mining country known the world over:
but the two drummers who sat In the
rear of the car wore blind to the suc
cession of wonderful views the bare
brown mountains, topped by glistening
snow-capped Sierras behind present.
The beauty of utility was the only
beauty that appealed to them.
And the town which called forth such
an encomium from the tongue of
shrewd experience?
Is Virginia City.
For years now, since the early glories
of the Comstock departed, it has been
condoled with and pitied. In fact, with
all its might it has had to resist being
buried alive. So dead have those un
dertakers, the financiers, declared the
Comstock to be.
But the Comstock Is not dead. De
spite the hard times it has passed
through, it still conserves energy
enough to round the corner of its ad
versities, and even now it is on the
road to better times.
No one can tell what the future of
this greatest of mining camps is to be.
The millions which it has poured into
the world's treasury are only half of
what lies hidden up there in those won
derful mountains, the cleverest of old
miners will tell you.
"If I had three millions," said the
most conservative, the most cautious
mining man in Virginia City the other
day — that he is the most conservative
is proved by the fact that he is one of
the few who have resisted the torrent
of speculation and is, in consequence,
a rich man to-day — "if I had three mil
lions I would invest two-thirds of what
I had in the American Flat and Silver
City country. There isn't so safe, so
profitable an investment for capital in
the world to-day."
Now that the difficulties which pre
vented the Comstock Tunnel Company
— the successors of the Sutro Tunnel
Company — and the various mining
companies from joint action in devel
oping the mines at present active have
beon overcome, the Comstock's pros
pects are distinctly brighter. The Con
solidated California and Virginia has
been disposing of its waste rock, and
paying royalties to the tunnel company
for some time past. This, the natural,
the most economical course, will now be
adopted by six of the greatest mining
properties, and prospecting on the
Brunswick lode with the development
of hitherto unopened ground will fol
low.
But the increase of work on the
Brunswick lode, on which Expert Ire
lan made -so favorable a report a few
weeks ago, is not the most important
iucnce of the peace pipe smoked
in San Francisco la^t week by repre
sentatives of the seven mining compa
nies — Franklin Leonard for the tunnel
company and William Sharon, delegate
at icjrge. If the good understanding at
present established between the powers
that control the Corns, toc-k^ d-sMrv cn
;s a new era of activity will be In
augurated which will \i~ with [ne hai
cyon days, when to be a Comstocker
was to- be a king of finaace — present or
pn Bpective.
The Silver City country lying to the
south of Virginia City and Gold Hill is
an undiscovered country, upon which
the eyes o fmining men look longingly.
CROWDING REA
TO THE WALL
Reform Forces Have the
San Jose Boss in
Trouble.
Forced to Come Out in the
Open and Fight for His
Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. April s.— Judging from
the latest tactics adopted by the
"gang," it has abandoned hope of
electing it? ticket, and is now concen
trating all its efforts to save the
Mayoralty out of the wreck. Anybody
and everybody is being sacrificed for
a vote for Martin.
Persuasion and promises having
tailed to bring to thr boss the necessary
number of votes to elect his candidates,
threats are being used and terrorism
Invoked. Business men are called upon
and Informed in a > onfidential manner
that their support of the New Charter
Club ticket is likely to injure them in
the future in their business. But the
old reign of terror the boss is at en
ond in San Jose. His unprincipled tools
must conjure with other means. Fear
of the boss has flown. The citizens see
the opportunity to be free themselves
from the bonds that he has woven
about them for nearly two decades.
They have met the issue with a bold
and united front. They have seen their
Btrengtb daily Increasing, and their
confidence In complete victory grows
■ i- with each succeeding day.
They hay»- *o-n the boss forced to
leave the spidfrr-iike retreat of his in
ner office, where he has in the past
been In the habit of weaving his politi
cal web; they have seen him forced to
take to the curb and to openly acknowl
edge the paternity of the ticket that
every one knows stands for continued
corruption and extravagance in the
public offices of this city; they have
eh ii him working tooth and nail for the
-«s of this ticket.
It is common remark that the "gang"
is making a fight such as has never
before been witnessed in the political
history <>f San Jose. It has seen friend
after friend, influence aft<--r influence,
organization after organization desert
Its standard and take their place be
hind th*- banner carried by the New
Charter Club; it hap been made to rea
lize that this is a campaign of principle
and not of candidates.
In order to blind the issue as much as
possible, the most * strenuous efforts
wore- made by the boss - to induce good
men to go on the "gang" ticket. Special
care was exercised in selecting I . the can
, didate for Mayor. Two gentlemen were
first favorably considered . to be used
! Every small prospecting party develops
1 gold. "If our silver dc-esn't please you,"
says Nevada jauntily, "here's gold for
! you."
The two arms of the Comstock lode
reach out to inclose the Silver City
i country. Mining experts look upo-n this
! vast territory as destined to build up
! the Interests of Nevada more than old
i Comstock mines ever did. There are
quantities of goJd here waiting for the
Judicious investment of capital, and
when once development is begun there
will be employment for all the miners
in the country. The Sutro tunnel will
I play an important part in the develop
1 ment of this section. Its extension into
1 the Silver City country is only a mat- ;
ter of time, a question o-f the degree of
enterprise and farsightedness of the
present company. The erection of a mill
at the mouth of the tunnel will, of
course, follow. These things' must
come. Eastern capitalists have been
looking into the possibilities of this vast
gold-bearing region, and its develop
ment in time is as sure as that Mount
Davidson looks across to Sugar Loaf '
and the desert — a view of unsurpassed
beauty.
Even within the past six months
overtures have been made to mine own
ers on American Flat for the reopen- ,
ing of the mines there. In '89 ore was
found on the flat that assayed from $50
to $5000 a ton. In the upper levels of
one mine assays of $80 a ton were made.
In a ton and a half of rock $900 worth
iof ore was found. The thing that I
! as the chief decoy on the "gang" ticket,
! but they declined to permit the use of
their names. The third choice was
more successful, and Charles J. Martin
j was slated for the questionable honor
i of heading the ticket of the "gang" in
| the present campaign.
Mr. Martin ma.de his record years
; ago, when he took a position in local
I politics that was opposed to the boss
j and his pernicious methods. Since Mr.
Martin was last In power the political
wheel has made a number of revolu
tions, which have produced important
changes. Within the past few years
the boss has seen fit to turn patronage
in the furniture and carpet line into the
hands of the Lions. ,
. This has been a source of considerable
profit to the Lion firm, the head of
which is a brother-in-law of Charles J.
' Martin. It was only a few weeks ago
that a contract f»r school " sks was
awarded to the Lions at prices that
were extortionate.
It is generally accepted as a fact that
Martin could never have been induced
to re-enter the political arena and par
ticularly as a "gang" candidate, had it
I not been through the influ nee brought
ito bear upon him by the Lions. It can
:be further stated that none is more
active in behalf of the 'gang" ticket
to-day than these same Lions. No one
: who knows these circumstances doubts
| for a moment that the boss and the
"gang" will completely control. Martin
: should he by any possibility be elected
! to the Mayoralty.
On the other hand, at the head of the
New Charter Club ticket stands the
name of Sanford E. Smith, a man
against whom no — not even the
most rabid of the "gangsters"— has
ventured to utter one word of adverse
criticism. The only fact sought to be
1 brought up against him is that he is
! not known as a politician or one promi
! nent in public affairs. It is this very
fact that makes him such a candidate
as the people under the present cir
; cumstances require for the high duties
jof the Mayoralty. Mr. Smith has been
I in business in this city on <_ne of its
■ moet prominent streets for many years,
■ and has made a marked success. He
is a man of established integrity and
endowed with a firmness of character
that has been tested and never found
j wanting. He was one of the fathers of
' the new charter and also one of its
j most energetic supporters. ' It was
i largely through his personal efforts that
j this commendable instrument became
I the organic law of San Jose. ,i .. . ."'','.''
. In every contest that has been under-
I taken in the past to overthrow. the rule
I of corruption Mr. Smith has taken part
! and has. always been found on the side
! of the people and working in their in
| terests. He has never been allied di
■ rectly or indirectly with the "gang."
j He is one of the very few men who
can truthfu-.y say that they have never
served, consciously or unconsciously,
the purposes of the "gang." He hag
never held a public office in this city
and has never sought one. His ~ selec
tion at the present time was due solely
to his fitness; for the office and the
nomination was tendered as a reward
• for his past services in behalf of honest
! and legitimate reform. ; He was, in
other words thy logical candidate. His
election will assure to the people of San
Jose a Mayor who v.ill look after ,:t heir
j interests as 'conscientiously, as ener
j getically and as successfully as he. has
I looked after his own private affairs.
If the people . wish to . continue to *he
I governed ;b*: - ossßea ard his '."gaiijrV
I they will elect Charles J. Martin.; If
they wish to govern themselves in the
truest sense they will vote for Sanford
E. Smith. . ■ : ; ■ -.;
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 6, 18G8.
stopped development of mines which
prospected so favorably was the diffi
culty of getting supplies of wood out
to the mines, that hard winter when
Virginia was blockaded three weeks
by the snow. The mines became flood
ed,« covering up those rich deposits of
ore which some day are bound to be
again uncovered. For one thing, the
German pumps manufactured nowa
days can be bought for $5000, and one
of these will do more work than all the
old-style pumps used on the Comstock
can do together. In the Union mine
there's a pump that cost $100,000. It
is inferior to any of the modern inven
tions that will be called into service
VIEW OF VIRGINIA CITY, NEVADA.
when this mineral belt shall be tapped
once more and by hands and heads tu
tored by experience and the advance
made in mining lore and modern inven
tions.
But Virginia City's hope is not all in
the future. In the Occidental mine,
one of the largest, on the 650-foot level,
ore has been found within the past few
days that assays $50 a ton, and the
ledge is thirty feet wide. In Sierra
Nevada, at the opposite end of the
great lode, equally good prospects hav<*
been uncovered, which made the stock
jump from 30 cents to $2 25 a share. On
the Brunswick lode, east of Virginia
City, in shaft No. I—a1 — a mine so cleaii.
so dry that it seems almost too good
to be true, a perfect pattern of well
behaved, tidy earth boring— work is go
ing on that proves the confidence the
owners of the mine have in the rock
MADE INSANE
BY SUFFERING
Half-Starved Family Fed
in Stockton's City-
Prison.
Parents of Three Prattling
Children Lose Their
Reason.
■-■ ■ ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, April s.— Prattling at
the knee of a listless father, clinging to
! skirts, of a mother whose mind is
blighted, were three small children in
! the office of the Chief of Police this aft
ernoon. The . careworn features of th«
I poor mother and the vacant ' stare of
j the father told of dire -.ffering.
The unfortunate man was A. F. yon
| Eida, and, as far as could be learned
| by disconnected explanations, he and
: his wife came from Orange County,
j starting on Thursday for Portland,,
; with the hope of bettering their finan
i cial condition. They first went to ban
j Francisco and then Sacramento, where
' they changed their, minds and concluded j
ito return to Los Angeles. Yon Eida i
i still has a ticket for Portland on his
j person. . ' " v. : -
From Sacramento the family went to
j Gait on Sunday, where it was given food
j and shelter by some citizens. This
morning Yon Eida applied to Rev. Mr.
• Blankenship, a South Methodist min
| ister, there, and asked him to ;accom
| pany them as far. as ; Stockton. .They
; appeared .-, to be afraid  of ' every one
about them, and on the way to the
j railway station Yon Eida asked the
> clergyman whether a group of Gait
i people which they chanced to pass did
j not have designs upon them. - In the
: train they would take, no seat but the
; last one in the rear coach.
Upon arriving at Stockton Rev. Mr.
i Blankenship Invited them to take din
ner at the. ; Commercial Hotel having
! learned they had had no breakfast. . As
! they started- to enter an omnibus the
! woman- sprang back, crying she would
' not go. The family, . wandered about
and finally entered the residence of J.
E. . Hall, where they asked J for j protec
tion. ' They > were cared for there for
! the time beinsr, but as it was seen that
I they were not right mentally, a tele
i phone j MiPS-Jicp wr s > pent l l 6 ho -noli ce
; office and the little group of wanderers
taken .to We (police "headciir».rteis and
subsequently to the RheriffYv'offiee. ;
v One hallucination of Mrs. yon Eida
is that " a - lady -passenger] attempted . to
ooieoa her on the t in : . by ufferinrr; her
! half n lemon, Into which she had. poured
FOtreihlnjr.-frbm \-'- bottle. - The husband
shares, in this belief. Uis 'lought that
I; r, t ho iwo are S"fferin tc, £ . .jm want , of
1 rest ar.cV lack of.- food, their insane con-
I dition may not h- »-*r**v»p<s"\t ;i
i- drchs Quickly Cured.
' Dr. Davit) 1 . AJtttl lleituacke never fails. 25c*
uncovered at the end of that drift on
the 600-foot level, which has been so
much praised in the newspapers, In ex
perts' and superintendents' reports of
late. Within the past week a general
electric dynamo of sixteen and a half
horsepower, and two general electric
electric motors of five horsepower each
have been put in for the purpose of
ventilating aM illuminating the mine.
The old air pipes have been done away
with and blowers have been erected
down on the 500-foot level; the only
electric blowers ever put into a Com
stock mine. Wires have been strung
for a distance of 1300 feet and the min
ers of shaft No. 1 work in a light as
brilliant as that required in the offic<*
of a metropolitan newspaper. It's a
striking picture this, men down in tho
drifts and crosscuts, their muscular fig
ures standing out against the gray
green wall of rock under the intense
glare of incandescent lights.
Besides the -"gular work on the Com-
Btock work (seeing carried on all about
Virginia City by si. isle mine owners
and small pro— *>ctors. The Yost mine
is working steadily. Out in what has
been known as t'omo, ten or fifteen
miles from town, there is a mine with
200,000 tons of rock in sight which as
says $8 a ton, gold and silver. There
is probably more money per capita in
Virginia City ar.d Gold Hill to-day
than in any otl town in the West.
The mining companies pay out JW.OOO
a month, and there are but 5000 people
on the Comstock. Extra work on the
WANT TO RUN THE
VETERANS' HOME
Candidates for the Place on the
National Board to Be
Made by Barrett.
His Term Will Expire in May, and
There Are Three Candidates
for the Position.
The term of General A. W. Barrett as
national commissioner for the Veterans' |
Home at Santa Monica is drawing to a | :
close, and candidates for the vacancy to j
be caused by his withdrawal from the
board 'are already beginning to appear.
• It is conceded by a good many that
Major W. H. Bonsall of Los Angeles has i
the best chance so far, for he claims j
the' support of a majority of the Repub
licans of the California delegation at
Washington, and as Hull, chairman of j
: the military committee of the House, will j
do the appointing, it is considered that '
he will get it.
General Warfield is out for the place,
however, and there are as many more of
his friends who say he will get It to a
I certainty. He has powerful Influence at
work, but as Bonsall has been recom- |
: mended to Hull by. Perkins, Hilborn and i
Barham, It must be more than powerful |
to get him the place.
Colonel W. R. Smedberg was after the
; place at one time: he made application !
; as. soon as he heard that a Republican J
would succeed General Barrett, but when |
his application reached Washington his \
i friends wrole back that he was just three !
days too late; Bonsall had already been i
| .recommended for the place by the Re- '
publican members of the delegation men- j
tioned, and then Colonel Smedberg rested j
i his light, and he has done nothing in the j
matter since then. He believes there is
now no doubt that Bonsall will get the
' office." . : ."■•'•■ ■ '/■/ ■ ■. ;
Smedberg is personally acquainted with !
the members of the. delegation and Bon- j
, sail is not,, and Smedberg was given to
understand that it was mainly because tie !
| was too, late -in putting- in his applica- \
, tion! that he was not the one recommend- !
cd. His candidacy., although v not an ac- I
i tive one, is a strong one, and in the clash !
i among his friends and those of Bons&ll j
at Washington, Wariield, draws not a lit- j
tle of his own strength. ■ . '
General Barrett's term will expire in |
I May. and the appointment of his succes- j
sor will be made this month. It was ex
pected that it ' would be settled within
the first week, but the serious -questions ,
arising over the controversy with Spain
j has taken so much of -the time of the ;
committee . that *it" is probable' the ap- i
pointment will not be made until the lat
ter part, of the month. ;.. :. '■■-■'/ •
{ The : position ;is an honorary : one. The
i only emoluments accruing, to the incum- |
i bent is a . fare : East every year to 'J the '
i session of the entire board at "Washing- :
j Ton. and 'passage to. and from the. home '
I when : the needs of the institution re- |
j quire. ■ ■ •.••.- ;;.-. ■ ■; •; I■ : .-->.. ■■.
The local commissioner 1 has control of i
: the home in his own State, and for .that
reason .one who, lives near by," has; one |
i recommendation -in . his favor ' which is
! bard; to overcome when I , heMs found to be ;
I otherwise qualified. ; nd I this' recommend
ation Eonsa!'. naa ; had >y from s 1 the start.
Bonsall is really a lieutenant, and' held, j
during the war. the rank of second; lieu- :
t^rart of the First, Ohio Heavy : Artillery."
He is now, agent for Southern California I
| fir •; the Phoenix and Home Insurance
1 Company. "• :.'"■/, • ■;.:■■' .•„... J
I Sutro tunnel must be begun immedi
| ately, that the tunnel's contract with
I the mini*'- companies may be carried
\ out. The company's cars, each of
i which will contain two tons of rock,
are to be used in carrying out the rock,
■ and when thirty carloads have been
: accumulated these must be hauled
, through a drift, which at present is not
i wide enough to admit of their passage.
During the nast few years most of
I the work on the Comstock has been a
' gathering up of threads left loose by
j the thriftless expenditure of the olden
days. The Kinkead mill. "The Poor
' Man's mill," has been in operation for
1 over two years now, and in that time
1 has proved its inventor's statement
that lov/ grade ore which the old bo
nanza kings threw away, leaving it in
great heaped up dumps all over town
I at the mouths of the shafts, is valuable
and ma-- be made to pay when worked
by this process. Since the erection of
the Kinkead mills these great dumps
of waste rock in Virginia City are
wasting away. But there are still
1 6.000,000 tons to be disposed of by the
clever inventor, who pays 10 per cent
of his gross yield to the mining com
pany whose waste rock he feeds to his
mill, and still finds it profitable to con
tinue the work. This inventor, like all
others, has had to make his way
against inertia and skepticism. But
he is continually increasing the extent
of his operations, and expects to crush
200 tons of rock daily before long, and
to do it with fifteen horsepower in
HAYNES HAS A
NEW DEFENSE
Will Attempt to Show That
He Did Not Fire the
Fatal Shot.
Chief Lees Speaks of Officers' Brav
ery, and Sweeney Thinks
They Shot Wild.
The Haynes case, otherwise known
as the trial of the man who
is alleged to have murdered Lieu- j
tenant Burke in cold blood, was re- !
sumed before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning, and during the examination of
witnesses it was plainly seen to be a j
police examination of the citizens for the i
purpose of placing blame or credit upon |
the officers who were with Burke at the j
time of the fatal shooting. For the first ■
time since the case has come before the I
court the attorneys have laid out their j
line of defense, and as the moments, or I
rather days, go by they believe from the '
testimony given that the case becomes !
stronger and >;et stronger for the defend
ant in the case.
Attorney Sweeney stated yesterday that
he had arrived at the conclusion that if
his client shot Lieutenant Burke it was j
done on the spur of the moment from the j
fear that some one was endeavoring to '
take his property from him, and that if ;
Haynes did the shooting it was in self- j
defense or in the interests of his prop- ;
erty. But the attorney went still further, i
and stated that he believed that a shot j
other than that from the gun of the de- !
Cendant produced the fatal wound. Many |
witnesses were called to the stand to tes- j
tify that Burke had been shot by Haynes i
after he had fallen to the ground, and :
as some stated that he had been shot j
at least three times there were others
who were of the opinion that their vision
was impaired on the fatsil day.
Chief Lees states that from all the tes
timony given tlie officers who were pres
ent at the time showed all the bravery
expected from any man, whether citizen
or officer, and he believes the lieutenant's
life was protected to the best of the offi
ceru' ability. it whs at tirst supposed
that the defense would be insanity, but
future development will show self-defense
for a line on which it is expected to clear
the accused.
Many witnesses were examined during
the day on the question as to whether
or not Haynes had fired shots into the :
body of Lieutenant Burke after he had
fallen, and in the general course of events
the witnesses were not sure as to wheth
er or not the shots had been fired as
stated. The prosecuting attorney for the
court. Attorney- Mogan. thinks that the
officers did all in their power and the be
lief is borne out by the Chief of Police.
Witnesses Martin Johnson, John Ryan,
Harry Fee, F. C. Peters, F. W. Peters,
I Joseph Conroy. John Waters, John Mc-
Grath and Cornelius Ryan all testified as
Ito whether or not the defendant fired
shots into the lieutenant after he had
I fallen from the first shot, but there was
a slight disagreement as to the facts.
: As a rule the attorney for the defense
did not cross-examine the witnesses, as
i he stated that he was waiting for a bet
| ter opportunity and was positive that his
: client would be held over before the Su
i perior Court on the charges. The case
i will be continued this morning at 11
o'clock, -when it is thought the officerß
I who were with Lieutenant Burke will be
! stead of the sixty horsepower that I
i made milling 30 expensive an opera- !
■ tion in the old days and rendered val- j
i ueless vast quantities of low grade ore. j
The Harris-Blood Company is work- j
i ing on the same lines down in Six-mile 1
Canyon. Their process is chemical, |
though, where the Kinkead mill's work j
is mechanical. Thirty years ago the j
tailings from the mines were carried j
down to the canyon, where they have ;
lain ever sin-ce, an immense pile known j
as the Parks' tailings, 200,000 tons in i
all. But one test of the new method \
of working these tailings has been
made, and that was in September, 1897.
But the result was highly satisfactory.
I It is not possible to get good results
when the tailings are wet. Consequent
ly the company is waiting for the
spring weather and Washoe zephyrs to
dry the mass before beginning work.
It is only a matter of a few days now
before the canyon will resound with
] the whirr of machinery and the men
i employed by the company will work
; 200 tons of tailings daily. So that the
i old extravagance of the Comstock is
being turned to account, now that times
are harder.
If the people of Virginia City couM
live on air and water alone they would
be giants of strength. There is no
other water like this. Nowhere in the
world is the air so pure, the sky so
clear, the stars so bright. The purity
of the atmosphere deceives one as to
distances, and the mountains stand out
sharply, picturesquely, impossibly near.
PLAN A REFUGE
FOR RAILWAY MEN
Christian Endeavorers Will
Establish a Depot on
Mission Street.
Reading- Rooma VVill Be Provided
as a Means of Instructive
Pastime.
The third meeting of the Young People's
Bodety of Christian Endeavorers for the
purpose of agitating the institution of a ;
place of refuge at the Mission street cat
house, for the railway employes of the i
Market street system, was held last even
ing in Trinity Presbyterian Chia-ch.
The object of establishing this depot, as
it is called, is to provide a suitable place
where the car men of the city generally j
may meet both for religious and frater» j
nal purposes, and spend their leisure
time there instead of in more vicious re.
sorts. A reading-room and library will i
be provided, and entertainments, socials ;
and musicales will be given from time to
time by the members of the church so- j
ciety.
The society maintains that the men em
ployed on railroads have not, as a rule,
a place of this character to resort to in
th»ir toiaure moments, and, in const
quence, the; are compelled to accept more j
\ icious and degrading amusements which :
they would undoubtedly forsake if a suit
ab:e place could be provided for them.
Suponntendent Vinir.g of ihe Market !
street railway system has granted and |
set aside a portion of the carhouse on
Mission street; and this accomplished it
remains with the church people simply
to provide and equip it with the neces
sary attractions.
As the detrfaed work will necessarily
entail considerable expense before it is
: placed on the desired basis, the society
j nopes to obtain this money from its mem
! hers and those of the congregation will
ing to donate small sums for the success
oi the refuge.
The meeting last evening was well rep
resented and unusual enthusiasm and in
: lerest were manifested in the proposed
| scheme by hundreds of young people of I
: the church.
I Dr. Uilbert of Calvary Presbyterian :
| Church brielly outlined the purpose of
the institution of the depot, and spoke of
the good work accomplished in other large
cities where such a system had been in
; augurated.
I Rev. C. A. Brown acted as president ot
! the meeting in the absence of the pastor :
| ot 1 runty Church.
An interesting programme ♦as rendered
| in conjunction with the meeting, and the
j young ladies who helped to make it an
enjoyable success were Miss Wilson and
j Miss Kdith Mills, both of Trinity Church.
NOT A VACANT BED LEFT.
,—, —
The. City ana County Hospital Filled
to Overflowing With
Patients.
The old ramshackle building known as
| the City and County Hospital is filled to ;
| overflowing with patients. The last of i
i the 414 bods in the building was occupied
■ last night by Leonard D. Hanley. a young
| man who fell on Alabama and Twenty- ;
j seventh streets yesterday afternoon and \
broke his left leg Jjetween the knee joint I
and the ankle. Kre was conveyed to the !
hospital, where Dr. Curl set the limb and
put him to bed.
The old building, In its rotten condition.
I Here is the place for the great
est astronomical observatory of the
world. Nowhere else, so scientists wno
have visited the Comstock say, are the
conditions so favorable. On Mount Da
vidson's top, the observer's eye, un
troubled by atmospheric variation, by
town exhalations, could seek out ce
lestial mysteries, hidden elsewhere.
Some day a wise man, who is also a
rich man— that beautiful combination
will become aware of this fact, and as
tronomical science will rise up and call
him blessed.
Still, the future of the Comstock is
bound to be a mining future. A new
generation, cured — if such a thing be
possible — of the gambling mania, ready
to develop the mines for the mineral
that lies within them, desirous of work
ing the rich ledges of ore whose exist
ence is undoubted, with the assistance
of new inventions and riper experience
and business habits will yet be the so
lution of the Comstock's troubles.
Interest in the Comstock is not dead.
This is the land of surprises, of th«
unexpected, of unlimited possibilities.
Its be-burrowed land is still fought
over as desperately — though legally and
in a more civilized fashion — its boun
daries are defined as jealously as in the
days when its stock sold for a thou
sand times as much per share as it does
to-day.
As to the Comstocker himself, he's a
born bull. His optimism is practically
unquenchable. The longer he lives up
in this wonderful, interesting town,
whose houses have their back yards a
block above their front entrance, the
longer his pathway daily is about the
hem of Mount Davidson's skirts, the^
more thoroughly convinced he is of-^
Providence's especial interest in It. He
refuses to believe that what h%s been,
cannot again be. He will never be con
verted from the belief he holds with
such intensity that the Comstock is an
exception to mining countries in gen
eraj; that there are fully as good fish,
silver and gold, in the mineral sea of
majestically beautiful mountains
around here as ever were caught by
such expert fishermen as the bonanza
kings; that far down, hiding snugly be
neath a subterranean ocean that covers
the deeper levels, or above the Sutro
Tunnel level where the spendthrift mil
lionaire prospector of early days dis
dained to seek, or in the new lode, or
behind stately Mount Davidson, or in
American Flat, or the comparatively
unexplored region of the Silver 1 City
country the precious metals are still to
be found in such profusion as generous
Nevada bestows upon sagebrushers who
trust in her.
It is- the miner of fullest experience,
he who came to Virginia City or Gold
Hill in '59 or thereabouts, who is the
greatest bigot, where faith in the Com
stock lode is concerned. All his bitterly
gained experience, he will tell you, all
his intuition of the peculiarities of min
eral belts on the Comstock — and they're
as strongly individual as Comstockera
themselves — all his knowledge regard-
Ing winzes and crosscuts, upraises and
inclines, only «^o to prove more conclu
sively the fact that Queen Comstock Is
still or will again be the belle of Amer
ican mining towns: that she has not
abdicated in favor of any upstart Klon
dike, and that time will confound unbe
lievers and confirm her supremacy.
And perhaps he is right.
Police Changes.
Lieutenant Anderson took command
! yesterday of the Potrero district in sue
; cession to G. W. Bennett, retired. Ser
geant Brophy was assigned to the South
f-rn District to take Anderson's placa.
Both officers were warmly congratulated
yesterday on their deserved promotion.
Richards' New Position.
John E. Richards, stenographer for
Mayor Phelan. has been appointed clerk
and stenographer for the chief engineer
of the United States army for this divis
ion, at a salary of $S4O a year. Mr. Rich
ards, who is ill at present, will assume
his new duties upon his recovery.
is capable of holding no more patients.
The next and best provision that can be
made for the reception of patients is to
set cots in the hallways unless some ofl
those who may be convalsecent are
turned out to make room for others. Thl3
is the first time in the history of the
old building that every bed was occu
pied with no more room left.
Spoke of the Heaven *Vorld.
An interesting lecture was delivered by
D. A. Anderson before the Theosophical
Society at the Academy of Science Hall
last evening on the subject of "The Heav
en World." The lecture was unusually
well attended, and much enthusiasm anil
interest, was manifested in the eloquent
arguments advanced by the lecturer.
"THE RED FRONT," 557-559 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
Charming Auxiliary Lecture.
The last of the series of lectures being
delivered by Professor Griggs under the
auspices of the Charming Auxiliary was
given yesterday. His subject was the
"Beatific Vision." and was one of the
best of his talks on Dante. It was an
nounced that another series would be
given at an early date.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T6THE WORKING CAPITAL
■■• He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is voui
. health falling yon? Your strength, ambition
vigor, vitality wasting away?.-,-
DOCTOR SWEANY
'•• 737 MARKET STREET
. - San Francisco, Cal. <
For the speedy, safe and permanent curt of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women. ' -
YOUNG MFN (( l nn:u " drains caused
I UUIIU ML ill through errors of youth
or excesses quickly and permanently stopped
S£S£ rr S a lost v !g° r and vitality to P *^
' WEAK MEII ?? r * ans K of ' the *»»«*
,«t«l\ in kill hare been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscrV-
" on s are restored to full power, strength and vSor
fliirl UllC without knife, truss or detection
yMiopMLE, s S:!ISI|3
treated with unfailim' success Sand»
■fgsemmsm
UDIES SB recefve special attention for .11
LHVStrt their many ailments " onlor «u
W7 Market St, op." Grant Av.^F^afcU^iALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MORE TALES
OF OFFICIAL
PETTIFOGGING
A New Scandal That
Has Just Been
Broached.
Coin Said to Have Been
Paid to Protect
Gambling.
Demand for Repayment Was
Backed Up With a
Gun.
EX - EMPLOYES TESTIFY.
Gardner Tolls How the Mayor Did
the "Rush" Act With
Him.
• ••• "• Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, April 5.
" ■ More of the petty dealings of the Mayor
' aud various employes of the City Hall
• • were told to the Grand Jury to-day by
■ Chief Fair, late of the Fire Department,!
: . and • Charley E. Gardner, late clerk to
the ' Chief of Police. ;
:.' The story of Gardner is to the effect j
that many months ago at Mayor Thomas'
. Buggestlon, or, at least with his cogni
.'jan' - ( v . Gardner circulated a subscription
V/listl' it the City Hall for money with
;.'..' Which to pay the expenses of Mayor
'•'» T^ho.maß' contested election. The contest
•'.tfas. ■ brought by ex-Mayor Davie, and was
•.Vgedtewhat expensive, and the idea pre
jj.VaJledUhat If several of the employes at
. ' thb: City Hall whose heads depended on
". ' the- : yleasure of the Board of Public
:': ' Works, were to subscribe to this fund and
relieve the Mayor of the financial end of
the contest, they would thereby be se
cured in office.
• •- Gardner says that he received some en
couragement among the employes, and
also that at first ex-Chief of Police Lloyd
encouraged him to go ahead. Janitor John
. Wild the Afro-American representative
at the City Hall, was also interested in
••-circulating the petition for subscriptions.
Alter a few days, however, Chief Lloyd
decided that it was not a dignified pro
ceeding, and advised his clerk, Gardner,
to have nothing more to do with it. The
ription was then abandoned.
: "Another story is being told to the ef
fect that when Mayor Thomas made his i
appointment on the Board of Health, it :
was understood that only members of the {
"regular school should be appointed, in re- i
' turn for which the allopaths were to as- j
Fist the Mayor in paying his bill to Dr. |
Small, who brought him through a severe |
illness during the campaign of last |
spring. This story has been repeatedly
contradicted by the Mayor, but is now
Leing told with great vigor, and will no
.doubt reach the Grand Jury officially, as j
It. Ims already dona Informally. ;
'■• Gardner also says that the Mayor, on ,
pome occasions, tried to borrow money
from him. In one Instance Gardner says ,
"h- had just received his pay. and the :
' Mayor attempted the "rush act.' and
with success. He rushed up to Gardner i
and wished the loan of 125, just for a
■ few ours to help him meet a bill. Gard- j
ncr says he complied, and it is not im
possible that he may bring suit against
the Mayor to recover the small loan.
' .Ex-Chief Fair also tells a story to the
Grand Jury regarding the Mayor's at
tempt to borrow from him. But his story. ;
as well as Gardner's, loses much of its
force from the fact that neither of them
! would admit the truth of the rumors
• months ago when they were in office.
Less than two months ago John Wilds
"•■distinctly denied that he had ever seen
or heard of any subscription list in any
body's behalf at the City Hall.
The reported attempt at brokerage for
positions in the Police Department was
again before the Grand Jury to-day. J.
S Fox. the boxing instructor of the Re
lianoe Club, and who is an acquaintance
' of Harry Thomas, was in the juryroom.
He was supposed to know why Police
• Officer McKinley was appointed, but he
.emphatically denied that he knew any
■' thing about the matter. He said he had!
='. spoken to Harry Thomas in regard to i
■ McKlnley and had told the latter to go I
to the City Hall and see the Mayor him
. self. He denied having told anybody that
' appointments were worth 1300, and also
that he had ever told anybody of know
.'- Ing an officer to have given a cent for his
position.
■ The stories of loans and subscriptions
• have all been discussed around town for t
•'.■ months, and from the evidence so far
taken there does not appear to be much
legal foundation on which to base crim
. lnal action, although there can be no
doubt that many of the rumors are based
on transactions that carry with them
moral guilt and cannot fall to leave a
Ftlgrna as deep as if a criminal convic- :
tion had followed. There are reports con
"cerning bribery in connection with the.
nickel-in-the-slot machines that were
suppressed by ordinance some months
afro. It is openly stated that the sum
■ , of $230 was paid to a ceitain official at the ;
, City Hall for protection for these ma
chines, and that when it was seen that j
the purchased protection could not be de- i
llvered, the man who paid the. money i
••-took his tun to the City Hall and de- •
manded its refunding within two hours,
and it is said that the money was paid
back within that time.
" All of these stories no doubt have some
foundation and point to a system of cor
ruption and cheap politics under the pres- !
ent administration. Beyond enlightening ■
the public upon these matters it is not
likely that many of the charges can be
■ prosecuted in such a manner an to in
sure legal punishment for the offenders.
CLERICAL CRITICS.
They Resent Editorial Views of the
Recent Sermons.
OAKLAND, April The sermons on
the Spanish question, published in The ■
Call last Monday morning, having been
criticized by several newspapers. Rev. ■
Dr. Coyle, Dr. Dille and Rev. C. H. Ho- |
bart to-ilay replied to their critics.
Dr. Coyle said:
"My contention for war was based en
tirely upon the idea of righteousness.
Peace never can be reached except
through righteousness and no question is
over settled until it is settled right. And !
I .still believe, as I said before, it' Spain j
does not yield, if she insists upon keep
ing her hard heel upon the neck of Cuba, i
if she refuses to end the outrages and
abominations in that unhappy land, and
if she will not make reparation for the
destruction of our great warship lying
peacefully at anchor in one of. her ports
and for the blood of so many of our gal
lant sailors— then, I say, let the sword
of justice fall, let righteousness strike
and afterward will come the sweet angel
of peace."
Dr. Dllle said:
"Every true American, it seems to me,
must contemplate with pride and | grat
itude the course the Government and the
nation have so far held on the Cuban
question. The patience and temperate
calmness of our -people under great prov.
ocation; the support Congress has given
the executive, and the statesmanship of
Mr. McKiniey and his advisers, have add
ed'an honorable chapter to our nation's
history.
"As to the future: If our Government
cannot by diplomacy succeed in . con
vincing. Spain that she cannot suppress
the rebellion and induce her to give Cuba
Independence, then we must forcibly In
tervene, for Cuba must be free. God
wills it. That ample time has been given
to try paciilc means is certain. We must
act now or be particeps criminis in op
pression and butchery.
"As to the Maine incident: The larger
Cuban question settled, nothing short or
j abject apology and ample indemnity
from Spain should avert war upon that
! issue. Otherwise it is a casus belli and
the Maine should be avenged though it
take all the resources of the nation.'
Rev. Mr. Hobart said: "As to the claim
: that because the Bible teaches non-reslst
• ance between Individual*, the theory of
non-resistance Should be followed out be
tween nations, I would say that I, per
1 Bonally, may turn my other cheek to be
i smitten and suffer personal indignity, but
: as the head of a family with a wile and
children m protect. 1 would not be J ustl J
Hod in carrying out such a theory. And
1 take it that the same is true of nations
i 1 most certainly am for war if Spain will
; not discontinue her atrocities in Luna
and make proper reparation for tne
blowing; up of the Maine.
"At this juncture it is cause for devout
thanksgiving that we have a President
who. seeking wisdom daily of the Most
I High, realizes to the full that he must
! answer, not to the peaoe-at-any-price or
1 war-at-any-prlce factions of the hour
i but to impartial history and to the uoa
I of Nations."
TRUST IN LITIGATION.
W. W. Norris Must Show Cause for
His Refusal to Obey Its
Mandates.
OAKLAND. April 5.— Henry Curry. L-
A Curry A. A. Curry, Mlrabah Curry,
Robert Curry n^d the latter' s children
have filed :i complaint a&ninst W. W. ■
Norris, John Cunningham, Martha Cun- ;
nlngham and the '.atter's children In the
Superior Court this afternoon. The cause
of action is based upon a declaration of ;
t«ist made by J. J- Curry on July 2". lW. r >,
; . n ,l ;i , •, pt( !by Norris and which the j
plaintiff alleges has not been kept by the j
(i. t'< ndant.
Bj the terms of the trust Curry trans
ferred all of his money, amounting to
and all his real and personal prop- j
ci'tv of every description, the value of j
which in unknown to the plaintiff, to j
Norris. In return Xorris was to pay
Curry the income from it during Curry's
nd at his death provide for all of his
ea
J. J. ' 'urry died August 25, 1595, and the
complaint alleges that the plaintiff has
demanded from time to time that tho
provisions of the trust be carried out and
the moneys due thorn be paid and that
the defendant render an accounting, all
Ich he is said to have refused to do.
The money is in the Montreal Bank, in
Canada.
The plaintiff seeks an order to compel
W. W. Xorris to show cause why he
should not carry out the provisions of
the trust: why he should not be removed
I > make an accounting.
MOFFETT AND HILL.
Did One Murderer Influence the Fate
of the OtherP
OAKLAND, April s.— Joseph H. Moffett
must answer to the Superior Court for :
the murder of his wife. In the Police
Court this morning, Mrs. McDonald, mat
ron of the Receiving Hospital, was on
the stand, and said that when suffering
from his wounds, Moffett had told her he
had been forced to kill his wife, but did
not {rive any explanation. It will be the
policy of the defense that Moffett was
so worked up over the attentions of one
Davis, to his wife, that the shooting was
justifiable.
It is generally thought that the shoot
ing of Mrs. Moffett by her husband con- !
Biderably Influenced Governor Budd in his
refusal to interfere in the case of Ben
jamin Hill, who will hang to-mormw fop
mudoring his wife. Just about the timo
VV. \V. Foote and others made the plea.
for Hill's life, Moffett committed his
crime, within a mile of where Hill had
committed murder. One of the attorneys
for Hill said at the time that the mur
d-i of Mcs. Moffett was an ill-omen for
Hlh.
GIRL WIFE COMPLAINS.
The Aged Husband Says He Has
Most Cause to Dissent.
OAKLAND, April Should the divorce j
suit of George R. R. Ainsworth ever
come to trial it will bring out some sen
sational evidence. Over a week ago Mrs.
Ainsworth. who is just 20 years of age,
brought suit against her aged husband
for divorce. Mr. Ainsworth is Just three
and a half times as old as his wife, and
when they married It was freely proph- ■
esied that they would not long live to- |
gether in peace,
Mrs. Ainsworth charged extreme cruel- '
ty, most of the alleged acts, however,
being mental cruelty and not physical. j
The aped husband has filed his answer i
and denies every charge. It is said that
he has in his possession some interesting
documents written by his young wife to !
young men and which he does not con
sider should have been sent by a dutiful !
wife. It is possible that Mr. Ainsworth '
may also file a cross-complaint.
; ,' ■ ♦ ■
BLANDING ON THE RACK.
Does Not Satisfy the Court by His
Evasive Answers.
OAKLAND, April s.— Charles F. Bland
ing, who Obtained large sums of money
in return for stock in the Jupiter mines,
which he promised to incorporate, was
subjected to a severe examination by
Judge Greene to-day. Some documents
were brought into court and carefully ex
amined, but they did not satisfy the
Judge.
Judge Grepne commented very severely
on the manner in which Blanding had
conducted his trust as assignee of the
estate of Mrs. Ingalls since she went into
insolvency. The witness was not very
ready at answering questions and seemed
to take pleasure in irritating the court.
If it were not a fact that Mrs. Naglea,
to whom Blanding assigned Mrs. Ingalls'
mortgage, is completely under the In
fluence of Blanding the case could be
closed much quicker. The court contin
ued the case until to-morrow.
Commissioners to Change.
OAKLAND, April s.— City Attorney
Dow was elected president of the Police
Pension Commissioners - this morning.
During the past year City Engineer Clem
ent has held this office. To-morrow tha
Board of Public Works will meet and
elect a president to succeed Mayor
Thomas. This will probably go to Mr.
Clement, and Mayor Thomas be elected
president of the Police and Fire Commis
sioners, a position now held by Mr. Dow.
The Board of Public Works will meet
to-morrow, and it is possible that some
changer will be made at the City Hall.
There is a clerkship in the Chief of
Police's office to fill, and there are several
candidates. A clerk may also be ap
pointed to the chief of the Fire Depart
ment.
Strong pressure is being brought to
bear on Mayor Thomas from certain
quarters to vote with City Engineer
Clement to remove Street Superintendent
Mi) er. Mcl Holmes is. the slated candi
date, but the protest of the merchants
against the removal of Miller may break
the slate which was put up when Chlef.s
I.ioyd and lair were removed a week
ago.
Big Money at Stake.
OAKLAND, April f..— The suit of Mrs.
Susan A Martin and her two minor chil
dren, W. W. and Louise G.- Martin for
$50,000 damages from the Southern' Pa
cific Company for the death of her
husband and the children's father was
begun to-day before Judge Ogden Mar
tin was killed near the station at Irvinß
ton on September C, 1894. while driving
along the county road. He died shortly
after being struck by the train. Most of
the day was occupied in securing a jury
after which the attending physician' was
placed upon the stand. He told of the
injuries sustained by Martin. The case
will be continued to-morrow.
Good Shooting at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, April !».— ln a practice
shoot to-day the university rifle team
mado the best score ever made on the
university range, the score being 418 out
of a possible 600 points. The records of
the various members of tRe team were
as follows: Bender, 44; McGregor 44-'
Vanderbilt, 43; BovlHe. 43; Fairr-hild' 43 :
West,. 43; Julien, 40; Dow, 40; Pierce' 37 :
McGuire, 37.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All druir-
Klßta refund the money if It falls to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
MADE CHARGES
OF PARTIALITY
Class Line Said to Have
Been Drawn in the
Schools.
Superintendent McClymonds
Has a Scheme That Is
Not Feasible.
Mr. Oirard Says if All Wera Treated
Alike Crowding Could Be
Relieved.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April B.
The charges made last night by Coun
cilman Glrard and Mr. Wheeler of West
Oakland that there Is discrimination be
ing made among the school children by
Superintendent McClymonds has aroused
general interest and brought to the sur
face much that has been smoldering for
years.
Mr. McClymonds is bent upon removing
the Tompkins school from a thickly pop
ulated district Bouth of Seventh street,
where it has healthy surroundings and
fine playgrounds, to a lot at Ninth and
Castro streets, where it will be impossible
unless by purchase to have any play
ground. The cost of this move is conser
vatively estimated by the Board of Edu
cation at $13,000 for the land and $5000 for
removing the school. Practical contrac
tors, however, assert that to cut the big
school in three pieces, move it the long
distance it jvould have to go, rebuild it
and put it in good condition, would cost
at least $20,000. It is also said that to buy
enough ground for an adequate play
ground would cost $40,000 more, and the
argument is made that after all this ex
penditure the people whom McClymondfl
would benefit would be at a greater dis
aavaatage than at present.
Mr. McClymonds stated that he did not
know why parents north of the steam
track would not send their children to
school south of the track, and ridiculed
the idea that it was because they did not
want to send their children across the
track four times each day. McClymonds
showed with figures and diagrams that
there are now 600 children south of Sev
enth street, of whom 400 attend the
Tompkins school, the school is capable
of and large enough to accommodate 600
children, and the nearest school north
of Seventh street is overcrowded. McCly
monds would therefore take the school
north of the track and have the 400 chil
dren walk from seven to twelve blocks
four times a day across the track rather
than have the congestion from the Cole
school cross the track to fill up the Tomp
kins school.
This idea of Mr. McClymonds irritated
Councilman Girard, who was for several
years on the Board of Education. "You
pretend not to know why people do not
wish to send their children south of Sev
enth street to school." said Girard. "You
know very well why it is, but you don't
like to say so. North of Seventh street
is an aristocratic district, while south are
lots of poor families, many of them Ital
ians and Irish, and you want to pander
to the people north of the track and Ig
nore the rights of the humbler class to
the south." Mr. McClymonds attempted
to deny that such discrimination was
shown, but Mr. Wheeler said that hu
could prove it, and that there are at thi*
time a few "aristocratic" families south
of Seventh street, who have been given
permits to attend the Cole school, in
stead of obeying the law and attending
the Tompkins school, where there is yet
room for 20) children.
Wheeler said he could present tho
names of fifteen children to whom Mc-
Clymonds had pandered by letting thorn
attend the Cole school. The superintend
ent denied this, but the argument of Gir
ard, Brosnahan and Wheeler, added to
the practical experience of Mr. Cuvellier,
who has four children in West Oakland,
had so much effect that out of the whole
Council Mr. McClymonds only received
one vote.
There Is the greatest satisfaction ex
hibited in the Tompkins school district to
day over the fact that the school is not
to be removed.
MEN WHO WILL COMPETE.
Complete Lists of Eligible Athletes
for the Intercollegiate Field
Day.
BERKELEY, April s.— Track Captain
Everett J. Brown this evening sent to
Stanford the list of men eligible to com
pete In the intercollegiate field day on
the 23d inst. The list, which was ap
proved by Professor Thomas R. Bacon of
the faculty athletic committee, Is as fol
lows:
I. C. Allen, G. L.. Allen, F. W. Altken, TV.
Bakewell, B. Bakewell. K. J. Brown. C.
Br.therick, C. Broughton. K. Carroll, \V. F.
Carpenter, L. E. Cturpenter, W. Chllds. F.
Cooley, W. J. Crocker, L. Chemmant, W. P.
I>rum, I. Delashmutt, M. Pozler, W. Dickie,
W. Dawson. It. Fryer, R. T. Fisher, N. Guiber
son, C. Griffin, F. Greisberg. H. Grieve, D.
Goodale, A. Haskins, B. Hooper, H. Hum
phreys, J. Hoffman. C. Hinz, W. B. Jackson,
L. Kaarsbers, A. Kidd, E. G. Kuster. C.
Lauphlln, C Moser. J. McNab, C. Miller, B.
P Miller, L. Miller, C. W. Mcfonaughy, F.
Mumma, J. McDermott, I-. O'Toole, R. Park
hur«t, C. Parker, C. Peck, A. J. Smith, "M.
Scott, H. Siuires. R. W. Simonds, A. Skalfo,
R. Tolman, L Tolman. A. Tashelra. A. Walsh,
O. Weaterfeld. R. Woolsey, A. Wise and O.
Wedemeyer.
The list of Stanford's athletes, sub
mitted by Track Captain Walker with
the approval of Professor Angell of tho
Stanford faculty, is as follows:
Brunton, Coolidfje, Smith, Mcßeary, Ferrari,
Boyd, Williams, Whitaker, Nourse, Weather
wax. Blrtch, Foster, Cainer, Busoh, Lnunley,
Adams, Symnnds, Borough, Cantwell, Hopper,
Flckert, Bennett, Ktrout, Wardall, Dingles,
Thompson. Dutton, Morpan, Manuel, Cranston,
Burnett, Karsted, Allcott, Moeller, Dagstett,
Hayden, Carle, Powell, Younp, Stewart. Beedy,
MnrriK, Vose, Coverly, Anderson. Wright, Arn
old, Steele, Wodelphe, Hamon, Maples, Cleaves
Walker, Wfcltloek. Erh. Gilman. Marvin, Sayer,
Bradley, Cross, Hender.son, Chandler, C. S.
Dole, A. Dole and Hahn.
The time and place for the field day
have been set as April 23 and the Olympic
Club grounds, San Francisco. There is
still Burou uncertainty as to when and
where the bicycle race will be held. Stan
ford wanted the race held at San Jo.se,
to which California assented; Stanford,
however, also wants the race to be hold
on the Friday before the field day, while
the Berkeley men stand out for the pre
ceding Wednesday. The dispute is in
the hands of the faculty athletic commit
tee, but as yet has not been settled.
Funeral of Miss Rosenstirn.
BERKELEY, April 5.-The funeral of
Miss Frances Florence Rosenstirn was
held this morning at 8:45 o'clock at the
residence, 2647 P.ancroft way. The cere
monies were extremely simple. Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger of the Temple Emanu-
El, San Francisco, and an honorary mem
ber of the university faculty, officiated
speaking briefly. The body was taken
across the bay for interment. Mrs. Ro-
Ben«tirn and Mi«s Emily O. Rosensurn
will leave Berkeley to-morrow night for
Germany, where Dr. Rosenstirn is at
present visiting.
May Buy the Berkeley Gym.
BERKELEY, April 6.— The building
known as and formerly occupied by the
Berkeley gymnasium has been offered to
the Berkeley School Department as a
means of relieving the present crowded
condition of the schools. The building
was built for school purposes, contains
about thirty rooms and is situated on a
lot 200 by 270 feet. The price set is J25 000
and if the Trustees decide to purchase a
special direct tax election will probably
be held to raise the money.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April s.— George E. Colby
of the agricultural department of the uni
versity will read a paper on Thursday
evening before the chemistry Bectlon of
the Science Association on ''Nicotine in
Some California Tobaccos."
Two new members of the Board of Re
gents of the university will take their
Beats at the regular monthly meeting of
the board next Tuesday. They are Mayor
James D. Phelan of San Francisco, who
succeeds George T. Marye, and A. B.
Spreckels, the newly elected president of
the State Agricultural College, who takes
the seat of Charles M. Chase.
Instructor J. N. Le Conte will read a
paper before the metaphysics, physics
and astronomy section of the Science As
sociation next Friday evening on "The
Analyzer, an Exhibition Description of
It."
Fire escapes will not be put on the uni
versity buildings until during the sum
mer vacation. It is expected that it will
take five weeks to equip the buildings.
Governor Budd and Regents Jeter, Kel
logg, Black and Slack will meet next
Monday at 2 p. m. at the Hopkins Insti
tute in San Francisco to make arrange
ments for summer school courses at the
university during the coming vacation.
The academic council of the university
will meet on Friday morning to make ar
rangements for commencement day, and
to choose commencement speakers.
At the meeting of the Board of Regents
next Tuesday propositions will be con
sidered for the erection of a building for
the University Dining Association, and
additions to the mechanics' and mining
buildings'.
Professor George Davidson will give an
illustrated lecture on "The Physical
Features and Resources of Alaska." at a
special meeting of the Alameda County
Miners' Association to be held at the
university, in South Hall, to-morrow
evening.
A CAT GAVE THE ALARM.
But for It There Would Undoubtedly
Have Been a Large Fire.
ALAMEDA, April 5.— A cat gave an
alarm of fire this morning, which un- j
I doubtedly prevented the destruction of i
I the drug store in which the flames were j
lat work. The scene of the remarkable
! exhibition of animal intelligence was the
| drug store of R. J. Van Voorhies, at the [
! corner of Park street and Encinal ave
i nue. The establishment boasts a large,
I gray Thomas cat answering to the name
I of Dick, who has in the past showed the j
I possession of an unusual amount of mi
i telligence. Last evening the proprietor
! of the store closed it as usual, leaving !
I Albert Scurr. the nieht clerk, in charge, j
' He sleeps upstairs in a room communi- |
| eating by a stairway directly with the i
store, "fhe cat had the free range of |
both floors. About 4:30 this morning, .
. while Scurr was sound asleep, the cat j
! leaped on the bed with a thump and with i
■ a terrific yowl, which awakened the |
sleeper in a jiffy. From the bed the cat j
1 leaped to the floor and back again, still
yowling at the top of its voice, and then
ran downstairs. Scurr smelled smoke as j
: toon as he awoke, and without dressing
hurried down after tne cat and found a
! fire burning briskly behind the prescrip- j
tiun counter, where it would have shortly ]
: reached a lot of Inflammables and un- ;
questionably have caused heavy loss if '
; not checked. He immediately turned in j
': an alarm, which was responded to by the
'• chemical engine, and the flames were ex
tinguished without more than $500 dam
age. If the clerk had not been awakened !
; just at the moment that the cat aroused '■■
■■ him, however, the fire would have Ob- i
: tamed such headway as to have caused '
! severe loss. "Dick Is the hero of the
i day and his owner says money cannot ,
: buy'him. The origin of the fire is a mys- j
■ tery.
BOARD OF TRUSTEES.
Busines Transacted at Last Night's
Meeting— Street Sprinkling Bids.
ALAMEDA, April s.— Considerable rou
tine business was transacted at last i
night's meeting of the Board of Trustees.
A contract for 211 tons of coal for the j
electric light works was let to Henry ■
Koerber at 15 75 per long ton. He was
the only Udder, though other tenders had
been expected.
There were a number of applications for j
free licenses, but most of them were not i
acted on owing to the enforcement of the
requirement that each application must ;
be indorsed by a member of the board in
order to secure action.
A communication as received from the
electric railway superintendent announc- !
ing- that a BWitch would Vie laid on Santa 1
Clara avenue, so as to do away with the |
switching of cars on Park street, which
bad been a source of complaint.
Bills for street sprinkling for the com- |
iiiLT year were opened. There were ny« \
bids, the figurew being respectively 30 j
cents an hour, 33 1 *. cents, 26% cents, 33
cents and 30-14 cents. The contract was |
not awarded.
WILL WEAR UNIFORMS.
Members of the Fire Department
Who Are Paid Must Dress Uni
formly.
ALAMEDA. April s.— At the meeting of
the Board of Trustees last evening the
question of requiring the paid members
of the Fire Department to wear uniforms
came up for discussion. The reasons for
the proposed order were given and on the
recommendation of the Chief of the Fire
Department the Trustees voted that here
after the salaried employes should be re
quired to don uniforms. The Chief was;
given power to select the material and
style. He stated that the uniforms which
he proposed adopting would cost $25 50 for
the men and $2* for the officers. They
will be of navy-blue material and of ap
propriate pattern.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— The executive
committee of the Alarm-da Driving As
sociation met last evening and doridea
to make active preparations for the sprint,
meet which is to come off on May 30.
City Attorney Taylor has presented thft
Fire "Department with twelve smoke pro
tecting masks, in recognition of the good
work done by the department recently in
extinguishing the fire in his house on Re
gent street, with small loss.
Reliance Gentlemen's Night.
OAKLAND, April 5.— A gentlemen's
night will be given by the Reliance Ath
letic Club Wednesday evening. The pro
gramme is of the best and the affair
promises to be the best ever given by
this already popular organization. There
will be three try-outs and two eight
round events for decisions. Hugh Dough
erty, champion amateur featherweight
of the Middle West, will moet Yank Sav
age of Vallejo, and Chnrles Tye of Oak
land will meet Phil Orccn of Oakland.
The men are all in fine condition and will
put up great fights.
Mrs. H. H. Haight's Estate.
OAKLAND, April 5.- Henry Huntley
Haight to-day filed his petition for letters
of administration upon the estate of his
mother, Mrs. Anna Elizabeth Haight,
who died in this city one week ago to
night. The estate is said to consist of
money in the bank, promissory notes and
other securities, exceeding $10,000 in value.
The heirs are Jenet Cameron, Henry
Hunt Icy and Louis Montm.se Haight, ail
residents, of this city except the last
named, who resides in Stockton. There
is no will.
Financial Aid Asked.
OAKLAND, April s.— The Young Men's
Christian Association has started a move
ment to raise its indebtedness, which
amounts to $35,000. Unless this is accom
plished at once the work of the institu
tion will be greatly hindered in the fu
ture.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April s.— Hans Lembeck
han liled a suit for a divorce from his
wife, Anna Lembeck. charging desertion
Ho ig a farmer, living near Irvington.
The water front case, remanded by the I
Supreme Court for a new trial, was again
postponed in the Superior Court to-day.
It is now set for the ftth.
Rev. William Racier, formerly associate
pastor with Rev. J. K. McLean of t.«e
First Congregational Church of this city
will lecture on "Courtship and Marriage 1 ' I
at the Pilgrim Congregational Church !
Thursday evening.
The Free Kindergarten at Grove and
Thirty-ninth streets will be tendered a
benefit at the First Baptist Church
Thursday evening. Mrs. Carrie Fross-
Snyder, Miss Jeanne Brush, Miss Jennie
Tuttle. Miss Gertrude Hibbard, Clement
Rolands, Benjamin Tuttle, Frank How
ard and Miss Blanche Estelle Hostetter
will assist.
New Incorporations.
Articles of incorporation of Noe's Col
lege of Osteopathy have been filed by Dr
A. T. Noe, J. S. Myers. Ida E. Noe, A. C
MeDanieil and J. G. Ohlwine.
M. A. Marron & Co. have incorporated
to engage in a general retail and whole-
Bale liquor and grocery business, with M
A. Marron, K. Marron, M. Donohue, A.'.
F. Quinn and J. Farelly as directors.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bldg.,
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
AS HAPPY AS
TWO LOVERS
Mr. Dingee Explains the
Position of Mr.
Moffitt.
The Senator Was Never on
the Payroll of the Water
Company.
Hava Not Fallen Out and Each Con
siders the Other His Beet
Friend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 5.
Just at this time the relations existing
between William J. Dingee, president of
the Oakland Water Company, and ex-
Senator Frank J. Moffitt are naturally
of great interest. The Grand Jury is in
session and it is generally believed that
either of these two men could tell a good
story if he so desired. Consequently a
report that Mr. Dingee and Mr. Moffltt
had quarreled, and that Mr. Moffitt was
no longer seen around the office of or in
terested in the affairs of the Oakland
Water Company would be a very pretty
story if it were true. Unfortunately for
the tale it is not true.
Mr. Dingee was in his office to-day, and
when asked how much truth there was
in the report that he had quarreled with
Mr. Moffitt he said that it was all as
false as— any old place. "The relation
ship between Mr. Moffitt and myself,"
said he, "i 9 one of pure friendship, and
it is no less solid to-day than it ever was.
We have not quarreled, Mr. Moffitt has
been around this office considerably and
when a reporter of a morning paper called
on. me yesterday and asked me if Mr.
Moffltt had left the Oakland Water Com
pany I said no. I told him that he was
here Saturday and to-day (yesterday),
but that last week perhaps he might not
have been in as much as usual. Out of
that simple statement was woven an at
tempt at sensationalism, which, it seems
to me, is very poor newspaper work.
"Mr. Moffitt has never been on the pay
roll of the Oakland Water Company. He
has never received a dollar from the com
pany. He has personal interests in the
company, and he looks after them ener
getically. Beine a friend of mine, he
naturally has worked in my interest. Ha
has never been a political manager or any
other kind of manager for the Oakland
Water Company. We are aa friendly as
ever and I cannot understand why a big
newspaper should publish such bosh."
Ex-Senator Moffltt, who was himself in
the newspaper business for many years,
said this morning that Mr. Dingee had
just assured him that if there was any
necessity of sharing a dollar with him
(Moffltt) he would willingly do it. "We
have had no quarrel, and, in fact, thero
is nothing to quarrel about. A newspaper
rumor has no effect on me, and I am in
the water business as business, and to
make money if possible. I am not awaro
that I have been around the water com
pany's office less than usual and cer
tainly Mr. Dingeo. and I bear the same
relationship to each other that we have
done for pome years. On the first of
January, when the two water companies
agreed to charge the legal rates, com
mencing March 1, all was done that could
he done, and since then I have not been
active in water matters."
Mr. Dingee disclaims that Mr. Moffltt
was a leading factor In fixing the new
water rates, and says that he appeared
personally before the Council and before
the water committee, and that on no oc
casion did Mr. Moffltt attend the City
Hall conferences as a representative of
the water company.
DELIGHT TO AID
THE FESTIVAL
Long-Distance Telephones Are
Used to Proffer Dona
tions.
Interest In the Big Masonic Even
Increasing— Ladies Working
Bravely.
The interest manifested In the forth
coming festival by the Masons in the in
terior was clearly shown in the use of the
long-distance telephone whirh leads to
the Masonic Temple. All day long mas
ter Masons were continually in conversa
tion with Mrs. W. Frank Pierce, the
chairman of the committee on booths.
Many of the lodges desired space Bet
apart for special booths.
Clear Lake Chapter of Eastern Stars at
Lakeport will send a carload of wild
flowers to the festival, and will send each
day a load of fresh greens and flowers.
Col u.sa Lodge aims to have a miniature
festival for the benefit of the Widows'
and Orphans' Home.
The ladies of Fidelity Lodge met in the
temple yesterday. Mrs. S. S. Kahn acted
as chairman and Miss Rosener acted as
secretary. It was decided to call their
booth "Fidelity." Mrs. 1\ Rahfish, Mrs.
T. Cohn, Mrs. Merzbach, the Misses Cohn,
Miss Abrams, Miss C. Friedman and
Miss Wessenberg were appointed a com
mittee to canvass the merchant district
for contributions. The ladies who had
been appointed on the previous commit
tee for collection reported much success —
as Miss Rosener said, no one refused.
Mrs. Nathan Schlesinger is arranging a
music and art booth, with living pic
tures. She does this at her own expense.
She has secured all the scenes necessary
from the Alcazar Theater. Fifty girls
will take part.
Rimiklo Bros. & Co. offered to inaugu
rate 3 smoking bee at the festival. Thc-y
will donate all the "Belmonts" needed
for this.
Donations ere coming from all quarters.
One co-iccrn in Los Angeles oftens to ?ei;d
up a ca'-load of oranges. The Hires' Root
Heer people will fit up a booth and sell
I/ires' Root Beer at 5 cents a glass and
turn all the proceeds to the festival.
Highland Springe has donated board for
two weeks for one person.
The ladies of Doric Lodge met yester
day afternoon and elected Mrs. Thomas
L. Hill chairman and Mrs. J. R. Gold
smith secretary. It was decided to get
up a Japanese booth and have 100 young
ladies dressed in native costumes and
wait on the tea tables. These ladies will
serve in groups ofi twenty each night.
Among the leading ladies present were
Mrs. J. F. Logan, Mrs. J. P. Frazer, Mrs.
S. H. Collins and Mrs. A. Kronberg. Com
mittees have been appointed and active
wcrk is expected. It was decided to name
their booth the "Geisha."
The ladies of the postofflce booth re
ported to their postmaster. General Pat
ton, that they had received as a dona
tion 10,000 sheets of fine paper and 10,000
envelopes.
The work of the executive committee is
assuming such proportions that six
stenographers are kept busy at work re
sponding to the communications.
The following letter speaks for itself:
BAN FRANCISCO, March 30, 1898.
Mr. and Mre. Charles L. Pierce: We beg to
confirm the arrangements made with you per
sonally to-day, namely, that we will be pleased
to donate toward your festival a complete din
ing service outfit in china and grlassware.
It le Understood that a proper space for the
display thereof will be given, and we will
undertake to dlßplay an<l arrange the same for
you. Wishing you every success in your enter
prise, we retnain, respectfully yours,
JNATHAX, DOHRMANN & CO.
The largest gasometer in the world is
at East Greenwich. When full it con
tains 12,000,000 cubic feet of gas. It
weighs 2200 tons, is 180 feet high, 300
feet In diameter, requires 1200 tons of
coal to fill it with gas, and cost nearly
£40,000.
IN THE REAL
ESTATE WORLD
The Threatened War Has
Had Its Effect on the
Market
H. Wreden Makes a $130,000
Purchase in Southern
Celifornia.
Largo Purchasa of Pacific Heights
Property— The Records, Sales
and Notes
For a long time investments in real es
tate have been marked for various rea
sons by hesitation and timidity on the
part of buyers. This conseauent dull
ness has of late been intensified by the
prospect of war with Spain. Few deal
ers hesitate to admit this fact. In the
current issue of the San Francisco Real
Estate Circular Thomas Magee, after
stating that a duller month than March
has not been seen for a lon '^period, says:
"The excitement created by the threat
ened war with Spain and the fall in prices
of stocks and bonds which resulted,
caused all real estate and other investors
to hold back, thereby practically paralyz
ing all movement, either in real estate
or other securities."
Despite the many obstacles in the way
it is cheerful to notice that of late there
has been a slight improvement in the tone
of the CO unify realty market. There has
been a fair inquiry, the never-failing pulsa
of the real estate system, and some few
sales, one of very good size. Henry AVre
den of the Washington Brewery has pur
chased for $130,1)00 what has been known
as the Flint Stock Ranch, situated thirty
miles from McGill station In San Luis
Obispo County. There are 6200 acres In
the ranch, which has always been used
for stock-raising purposes. Mr. Pryor,
the gas litter, was the seller. Ten pei
cent was paid down, the rest being due
in regular installments. Mr. Wreden will
continue to use the land as a, stock ranch.
Though the rates are not conceded to
be beyond the power Of ordinary busi
ness to pay, interest remains at 6% and
7 per cent. The total number of sales
for March was 229, in the total sum of
J545.615. The mortgages and trust deeds,
numbering 316, reached a total valuation
of $1,191,919; the releases and reconvey
ances, numbering 250, amounted when ag
gregated to $54u,430. Sixty-six building
contracts were recorded, being for a total
valuation of $330,489.
TOLD BY THE RECORDS.
The following mortgages and deeds of
trust recorded during the week were for
comparatively large amounts:
By the German Bank to Bernard and
Charlotte Windhaus $14,000 for one year
at 7 per cent on property in Western Ad
dition block 130, on the north line of Mc-
Allister, T)'J:G west of Franklin, west 78,
north 120, east 137:6, south 40, west 59:6,
south 80; by William Price to Walter F.
Foster 13.000 for three years 'at 6 per cent
on property in Mission block 60 on the
east line of Mission, 185 north of Eight
eenth, north 50 by east 245; by the Hiber
nla Bank to Ellen M. McKernan $15,000
for one year nt i? : per cent on property
In 100-vara block 373, on the southeast line
of Howard. ISO southwest of Fourth,
southwest 50 by southeast 155; by the ili
bernia Bank to William A. Magee $10,000
for one year at 6V> per cent on property
in 50-vara block 2*6 on the north line of
Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 west of Leav
enworth. west 60, north SO. west 22, north
57:0, east S2:ti, south 137:6: by the same to
the S. and H. Lachman estate $100,000 for
one year at GVh per cent on property in
Wu-vara block 340 on the south corner of
Fremont and Market, southwest Io7:6 by
southeast 137:0.
The principal releases and reconvey
ances were us follows:
From the German Bank to Jacob Bach
mann, $WX)O on property in 50-vara block
91, on the south line of Clay, 241 east of
Dupont, east 30 by south 62; from the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Hol
llster to Julia B. and Gaston -M. Ashe,
$10,000 on property In 50-vara block 166, on
the north line of Sutter. 37:6 east of
Mason, east 50 by north 87:6; from Henry
Root to John Coop and James W. Smith,
$100,000 on property in the Western Addi
tion on the southwest corner of Clay and
Waller, west 657:7^ by south 618:9.
SOME RECENT SALES.
For close to $60,000 SigTnond and A. Stern
of the Jinn of Levi Strauss & Co., have
purchased property on the northeast cor
ner of Pacific avenue and Oetavia street.
The avenue frontage is 140 feet, the aver
age depth 132 feet. The 85 feet on the
corner were purchased from Cyrus Wal
ker, the next 25 from Charles Rosfinbaum
and the final 30 from Mrs. Mary Hurley.
This piece of Pacific Heights property
commands a magnifictent view. The col
ner will be occupied by a handsome resi
dence, erected for Sigmond Stern. An
adjoining residence will be constructed for
A. Stern.
David Davidson has bought S3O acres of
improved land in Butte County, Including
a good house, stock and various acces
sories for $13,000. Bovee, Toy and Sonn
tag were the brokers.
Through Easton, Eldrldge & Co., E. G.
Greening and John Thompson, wealthy
cattlemen of Arizona, have bought six
ty-five acres of the Olinda ranch in Or
ange County, partly in oranges, walnuts
and olives, for $10,000.
Henry A. Davis has sold 488 acres of '
land in Alameda County through Bovee j
Toy & Sonntag to C. M. Collcos for $14,
350. About 300 acres are in grain and the i
remainder in fruit. The same brokers
also officiated in the sale of 480 acres of ;
Merced County grain land by S. M. Fal
cher to M. P. Dollaller. The price was ;
$12,500.
Through Baldwin & Howell the old Red- I
dington place of f.OO acres, near Burlin- j
game, San Mateo County, has been sold
to Prince Andre Poniatowski for $70,000.
S. C. Buckbee of the firm of Shalnwald,
Buckbee & Co. has departed for the East !
on a three months' visit.
The contract for the construction of !
Lewis Gerstle's double residence of two
stories, basement and attic, on the north- I
west corner of Gough and California j
streets, has been let to E. Lieter. The '
plans are by E. A. Mathews and the cost
will be about $25.000.
Work has been started on the four- j
story house for Mrs. R. A. Rose, on the ;
northwest corner of Geary and Jones i
streets. There will be two stories below
and seven apartments übove, each hay- j
ing a separate entrance. The cost will
be $18,000.
On April 25 O. F. yon Rhein, who has
been appointed referee in the case of R.
C. Goodspeed, a minor, and others against
Annie M. Pratt, will sell a part of the
real estate.
\V. F. Herrin has begun the erection of
a $7000 dwelling on the lot in the rear of
his residence at the northeast corner of
Soott and Broadway streets. The archi- i
tect is J. E. Kroft.
The four upper floors of Captain Ede's '
building on the southwest corner of Pow
ell and Ellis streets has been leased i
through A. M. Speck & Co. to Dr^ A. E. i
McDonald for five years at a total rental
of $IS,OOO. The ground floor stores have
been leased for five years for $81,000.
Through the same brokers the Long
worth Hotel at 510 Geary street has been
leased for three years at the rate of $250
a month; also the rooming-house on the !
southwest corner of California and Du
pont streets for $200 a month.
HOFF SENTENCED TO DIE.
Unless the Supreme Court Intervenes
He Will Pay the Denth Penalty
Next June.
Albert Hoff, an upholsterer, convicted
of the brutal murder of Mrs. Mary Clute,
in her home at 803 Guerrero street, last
December, was sentenced by' Judge Cook
yesterday to be hanged at San Quentln
prison on June 10 next. An appeal will
be taken to the Supreme Court by Hoff's
attorneys, and the usual delay will un
doubtedly follow.
When Hoff appeared for sentence yes
terday morning, his attorneys Interposed
the usual technical objections to the pass
ing of judgment. They claimed that er
rors of law had been committed during
the trial, and in addition urged the statu
tory grounds why sentence should not be
passed.
Judge Cook, in overruling: the motion*
of the defense, said that he had care
AUCTION SALES.
CARPETS! CARPETS! CARPETS!
THIS DAT (WEDNESDAY) at 11 a. m.
125 Th»«TH STREET, NEAR MISSION.
FRANK W. BTTTERFIELU, 602 Market st.
fully watched the case, and that he felt
satisfied from the evidence adduced at
the trial that the verdict was a just one.
Hoff accepted the sentence in the same
spirit of nonchalance that has marked
his every movement since the day of his
irrest.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April s.—Al
bert Hoff arrived at the prison just at
lockup, when the hundreds of iron doors
are being slammed closed. Once within
the massive gate and behind the great
walls of the penitentiary. Albert Fred
erick George Vereneseneckockockhoff lost
his high sounding name and in the
future will be known as Convict Number
17691
It was fifteen minutes before 5 o'clock
when the murderer arrived at San Quen
tin in charge of Deputy Sheriff James
Kennedy. From Green Brae station to
the prison Hoff occupied a seat between
the driver of the stage and the officer.
Hoff had nothing to say. He was hand
cuffed and uninteresting, and as he
1 walked toward the entrance of the prison
I he approached a score of guards who had
been attracted to the spot out of curi
osity.
He was led to Captain Edgar's office
and registered. Then he was taken to
; the photograph gallery, where his pict
ures were taken — one with his hat off
and another with his hat on. After thia
he was put into the bathtub and instead
of his civilian garb was given a suit of
stripes with the number 17694 printed
thereon. As the light was hardly suffi-
I cient for further photographing, Iloff
was led away to Murderers' Row, wherg
he was placed in the cell occupied by
( Kvens, the Stanislaus murderer, whq
' will be executed Friday, May 20.
MAHEA WANTS SHARKEY.
The National Club Received a Dis»
patch to That Effect last
Evening.
It was stated yesterday that after Jef*
fries had finished with Mexican Pete h«
would depart immediately for the East,
where he had other engagements of im
portance to attend.
Billy Delaney, the manager of Jeffries,
said his charge would meet Peter Maher
and Gus Ruhling in the East, and that
the Maher-Jeffries fight was booked fof
May 20 at Syracuse, N. Y.
Delaney was evidently stretching a
point when he made this latter state
ment, or in other words, he may feel dis
posed to rush his man away from meet
ing Tom Sharkey, the bold sailor lad, who
stated before the Jeffries and "Mexican
Pete" match was consummated that
rather than miss an opportunity *o prova
to Jeffries that he was not a /fiJcer of
solid punishment, he (Sharke:^ would
flip a coin for the choice of clubs, viz.,
the Olympic or National.
It will be remembered that Sharkey
favored the National Club and Jeffries
the Olympic Club, and as neither man
wo/ld consent to fight outside of his
choice of clubs, Sharkey finally agreed to
decide the question by a flip of a coin,
which Delaney's coming champion re
fused.
According to the following dispatch,
which was received by the National Club
last evening from M. Connolly, the backer
and manager of Peter Maher. it does not
seem as if Jeffries had had an under
standing with Mnher, relative to a fight
In New York in May or in any other
month. The message reads:
Managers National Athletic Club, San Fran
cisco: Am offered $12.0<>"» by the Syracuse Club
for a fight between Maher and Sharkey. Will
come if you can give the same.
M. roxNOLiLT.
The National Club managers said last
evening that they will not offer a purse
to any one of the fighters, and that if
Maher is willing to journey to this city
they will give 60 per cent of the gross re
ceipts for a match between Sharkey and
Maher.
Sharkey is seemingly anxious to fight
Maher. Jeffries or any other man for the
percentage stated, but it is doubtful if
Muher will accept any offer unless he Is
guaranteed a block and tackle by which
he can pull down the winner's end, win
or lose.
In case Jeffries shall defeat Mexican
Pete Sharkoy has stated that he is ready
to deposit any sum from $1000 to $5000 as a
side wager that he will whip the man
from Oakland in less than ten rounds,
and if not Jeffries can take the side wager
and the entire purse.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give an entertainment this evening. W.
B. Dirks and J. Firet will box for the
bantam championship; J. Granfield and
C. Dixon will box for the featherweight
championship: G. Bates and G. Koster
will box for the heavyweight champion
ship. A. Greggains and F. McConnell
will give a four-round exhibition -contest.
On Friday evening the Excelsior Ath
letic Club will entertain its members and
the event of the evening will be an eight
round bout between Billy Otts of the
Excelsiors and Hugh Dougherty of Chi
cago.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE
BARRED BY ARIZONA.
Livestock Sanitary Board Refuses to
Permit Herds to Cross the
Line.
PHOENIX. April The Livestock
Sanitary Board of Arizona has been In
session all day considering the proposition
of the admission of California cattle, as
permitted in a recent modified order of
the United States authorities. Arizona
cattle are reported to be in the best of
condition and the board, fear.ng the im
portation of Texas fever, declined posi
tively to issue the order sought.
Dr. Norton, Territorial veterinarian, is
instructed to proceed to California, there
to investigate the condition of the thou
sands of sheep now being shipped from
the southern counties of the State into
the northern part of the Territory. If
the disease is found in the bands sheep
also will be quarantined against. . :*j: ■■;■
.■ » ■
In Ireland there are 2,830,000 acres of
bog land. ".'
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday April 5.
Schr John D. Tallant, Hoffland, 9 days from
Port Blakeley.
Stmr North Fork, Rash, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed April ."— Stmrs Alcazar
and Point Arena, for Pan Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April s— Schr W S Phelps.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived April I— Br ships Lord
Ripon and Dudhope. from Liverpool; I3r ship
Marathon, from Shanghai.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived April 15— Stmr Kar
aminia. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April s— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GUNUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyafliJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
" FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, *ure, gentle." British McdicaUournal
CAUTION: See that the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm. ... .■ ; ; r-V,
Andreas Saxlehnei*.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARNVNT. Established
in 1*34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
«uit«(tumi»iiif»d. Call or write.
Dr. J. ¥. UIB3ON, Box 1957. Saa FrMMitco.
910
CLAWSON WEARS
THE MANTLE
In Sloan's Absence the
Lightweight Piloted
Four Winners.
Followers of the Favorites
Wrote Home for More
Money.
Saintly Outran Maud Ferguson—Fob
eov«nnah Defeated Both BelH
coeo and Montgomery.
Jockey Dick Clay.sop passed an
evening by his own fireside and piloted
f"iir winners across the line at Oakland :
■ rday. He is a streaky sort of rider j
this young man from Woodland, for
Borne of his exhibitions would give one
the jaundice; they savor so of the yel
low. None of his successes yesterday
was astride first choices in the ring.
In fact it was a shady day for favor
ites, for without a Bingie exception all
fell by the wayside.
The weather was cool, which In a
measure accounts for the poor time i
made. The betting, however, was fast |
enough to make amends for all the
other tailings. The attendance was
better than on the opening day.
Pelxotto had one of his good days. !
and at odds of 5 and 6 to 1 the erratic j
Brutus gelding led the 2 to 5 favorite.
Rosormonde, out by a couple of lengths
in the opening six-furlong sprint. Plu
meria, with a world of speed, lasted !
long enough to get the show.
Tully Coulter's colt Dally Racing
Form received big support to win the
five and a half furlong sprint that fol- :
lowed, and finished third. In a hard'
drive tho> Burns & "Waterhouse entry, i
Elsmore, got the decision, a neck before
Towanda.
Ed Purser's Rey d*l Tierra was nomi
nated for th^ mile and a sixteenth sell
ing run. but after showing speed for i
nearly six furlongs, retired from the |
contest. Gotobed, the "push" nominee, j
second choice at post time, assumed the j
lead the last part, and. driving hard, .
beat the 30 to 1 shot, Twlnkler, out a |
scant length In 1:48%.
Garnet Ferguson's fllly, Maud Fer- j
guson. was mail favorite over Saintly ]
In the betting on the two-year-old \
event at four and a half furlongs, and
though she made a very creditable
showing, struck a snag. Saintly broke
from the rear, ran around her field and ■
won easing up from the first choice.
San Ramon finished in the show.
Kittleman Bros, tried to repeat Mon
day's turn with Myth in the mile sell
ing run. but failed. The gelding ruled i
favorite, and after making all the run- [
ning was downed at the wire by both
Bonita and Refugee, the former win- j
ning by half a length.
Bellicoso, with Thorpe up. was stout
ly supported to take the closing six
furlong selling sprint. g"ing to the post i
a 3 to 2 favorite. Breaking from the post j
first, he was outfooted to the stretch J
hy Montgomery. There the hot pace
told on the latter, which was in turn
collared and led out by Fonsovannah
In the fast time of 1:14 flat.
Track Notes.
"Squeak" Allmark. the steeplechase rider,
departed for the East last evening In the same
car which carried James Tod Sloan. On Feb
ruary 28, with a $20 piece as his bank roll to
begin operations with, "Squeak" bet the
"works" on Prlmavera, a 15 to 1 chance, and
drew down $320. Since that time he met with
a phenomenal streak of luck, taking away with
him over 18000 In hard cash.
After winning the mile and a sixteenth. Go
tohed changed owners. The hay colt was en
tered to be s.»ld f^r $700. and when J. F. Fogg,
the owner of Garland Bar and Cappy, boosted
him to IIOQO, Tommy Lottrldge told that horse
man to fake him.
Charley Fink was compelled to stand quite a
fubstantial "lift" after his good filly Bonlto
took the mile selling run. She was entered to
be sold for fBOO. and was bid up to $1000 by
W. H. Timmons. Charley retained her with
the cuFtomary $.">, and will also get part of the
'run-up" money back from Willie Sink, owner
of Refugee, the second horse.
And, by the way, Mr. Timmons. or "Bill." as
he is known on the far Eastern tracks. Is
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-133d day of the
Winter Meeting, Tuesday, April 5. 1898. Weather 'fine. Track
fast.
850.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
Str.
769 Pelxotto, 5 116; 5
830 Rosormonde, 3 100 ' 8
620 Plumeria, 5 114 2
826 Cavallo. 4 HI 3
751 Ternary. 3 110 4
779 Walter J. i 119 9
... Los 'francos. 4 US, 7
fS Negligence. 3 105 1
526 Salisbury 11. 6 119 6
... Joe Mussle. 4 116 10
1 2
6 2
8 3
9 \
7 h
3 1
5 3
10
6 2
2 4
1 2
6 1
Si*
S 1
9 2
3 4
4 h
10
1 b
4 2
2 4
3 4
7 \i
6 1
8 2
6 Vi
9 1
10
1 2
2 3
5 2
4 3
6 4
6 6
7 2
5 2
9 4
10
Dervuie •••
iwson
uin
lelds
?gott
Narvaez...
les
awley
:Intyre ....
3
1-2
8
10
25
12
25
12
6
40
5
2-5
30
30
40
30
200
40
8
200
ssinger —
Time; 1:16)4. Winner, J. J. Coulter & Co.'a eh. ». by Imp. Brutus-Imp. Kelpie. Oood
start. Won handily.
O=| SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlong*; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
759 Elsmor* 197 2
746 Towanda 102 4
838 Dally Racine Form. 107; 5
H4 Baticoy 107 3
m Oahu 07 7
529 Duke of Trtrk 11.... 113 %
SIS Little Alarm 106 1
?27 Glen Anne 102!ll
764 Rose Maid 97 10
759 Irrltator 1041 9
759 Idomenus 104 1 8_
759 Elsmnre l"7 z ... 81 14 in in i inorpe
746 Towan'la IMI 4 ... 7S «3 6 2 2 2 jH. Martin....
R3R Dally Racing Form. 107; S ... R h 44 6n 32 jGray
$44 Paticoy 107:3 ... 4 4 52 4h 42 IHennessy ....
m <">ahu 9T' 7 ... 2 4 11 2 4 6 3 jClawson
529 Imke of Trtrk 11... .111 ? ... SI 9 2 7^ 6 \ J. Narvaez...
...
...
S 1
7 3
5h
* X
2 '4
8 1
- 12
10 2
11
9 1
6 2
3 4
C 3
4 4
5 2
1 1
9 2
2 %
8 h
11
10 5
7 2
1 h
6 2
6 n
4 h
■I
7 V.
3«i
9 2
10 1
11
8 1
1 n
2 2
3 2
4 2
5 3
6 \
7 2
8 4
9 1
10 4
11
!
i
i
I
!
8-6 6-2
6 8
8-5 8-5
10 8
15 8
10 60
8 12
15 200
20 100
100 200
30_ 100
rt. Won
MS LJttle Alarm 106! 1 ... 12 2% 3 \ 72 Dorsey
?27 Glen Anne V<2 11 ... 10 2 8h 9 2 8 4 'McDonald ...
764 Rose Ma-d 97 10 ... 11 11 10 1 91 (Woods
759 Irrltator 104 i 9 ... 9 1 10 5 11 10 4 |O'N«U
758 Idomenus 104 8 ... 6 2 7 2 8 1 U JAmes
Time. 1:90%. Winner, Burns 4; Waterhouse's b. c. by Morello-EUIt S. Oood »ta
first three driving.
QR() THIRD RAC!
<jtfJm» purse, %T.A.
Index. Horses. NVelg
bed. 3 91
lkler. S 91
del Tlerra, 4... 106
l, 4 101
elberg. 4 106
: l
2
■ 4
I 6
! 3
2 H
5
1 1
S 2
_4 h
2 1
4 4
32*
3 2
fi
4 10
2 h
1 h
3 2
6
2 H
1 2
4 20 '
3 h
6
1 h
2 1
4 15
3 2
6
1 1
2 4
3 h
4 25
5
wson
mes !
messy ....
Martin j
es I
Time, !:<£%. Winner, Atkln & Ixrttrldge'e b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Oood
start. Won first three driving.
OSJQ FOURTH RACE-Four and a half furlongs; two- year-olds; purse, $400.
r.-.«5) Saintly 118;
(785) Maud Ferguson 115
7S>& San Ramon 103
f\9 Excursion 107
S2B Prlmavera 110
742 Uhler ]■!
I
4
2
1
! 3
Sh
1 h
4 3
R 10
6
!U
2 h
1 h
4 4
5 10
6
1 1
2 3
3 h
4 2
5 10
6
wFon
Martin....
is i
7-5
1
15
6
5
30
9-5
4-5
12
25
8
100
rp«
pott
y
Time, :M. Winner, Atkin & Liottridge's br. c.
start. Won easily.
by Imp.
Midlothian- Angellque.
Good
854,
Index, i:
FIFTH MACE— One mile; selling;
[lonics' Weight. !St. Vim. 4m
; purse, 1400.
f33 Bonlto. 3 91: 1 Ib 43 3 3 32 In Iriawson 5-2 2
789 Refugee. B 106(6 11', 2 1 2 b 2 4 2h !H. Martin.... 5 7
(MS) Myth. 4 106! 3 3 2 Hi 11' ili 310 iThoroe S-5 7-5
534 Dr. Marks, 3 87 4 54 54 51 44 41 Woods 5 9
<K2!O Red Glenn, a 106 6 6 6 6 5452 Hennessy 12 30
(RO6) Mocorlto, 3 89 1 2 4 2 3\j 4 2 6 [ 6 |Gray 6 6
Time, 1:414. Winner. C. P. Fink's b. f. by Longstreet-Bonetta. Oood start. Won first
three driving.
1
s
3
4
I
2
2 h
1 1%
3 2
. 5 4
6
4 2
4 3
2 1
1 b
R 4
6
3',i
3 3
2 b
1 l!i
6
4 2
3 2
2 '4
1 '4
< H
5 H
6
1 n
2 h
3 10
4 1
5 2
c
lawsnn
t. Martin....
tioiDe
roods ........
tonnessy
iray _ I _.
O)-K SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs;
Index. Hones. Weight. |St. Mm.
; purse, $400.
<533)
• (820)
771
' N't)
820
S3O
808
■>nsovannali, S
nnttromery. 5 !
•lIICOBO. 6
Idllght, 4
imar 11. 4 '
. Calntlne. 3
ermoso, 3
■»
I
1
5
S
4
7
3 2
1 4
4 a
6 2
7
6 V,
3 2
2 14
2 4
4 2
62 i
6 2
2 4
1 4
3 h
. 4 *
i 5-2
6 1
7
' 12
I \ !
3 4
4 5 I
63
5 4 .
7 -'
son
lartln....
?e .......
'oods
tyre ....
18-5
2
3-2
1 .........
Time, 1:14. Winner, 8. 0.
bk 0. by
Fair MturU
Woo
- ' *
causing quite a commotion In the gelling plater
brigade by his recent sorties. The feelings of
Mr. Tlmmons have become somewhat ruffled
of late by having his name connected with a
Kansas City turfman wearing the same name,
and a partner In the firm of Tlmmons & Marks.
There Is no connection between the two. Mr.
Tlmn-.ons alßo disclaims having had anything
to do with the recent claiming of the horses
Hohenzollern and Hermoso. The Eastern
horseman is a man of means, and among own
ers has the reputation of doing things above
board In all his dealings.
Declarations in the Burns Handicap have r*
duced the probable starters to the following:
Pitsuma. Rubicon. Senator Bland. Ostler Joe,
Buck Massle, Howard Mann. Vlnctor, Salva
tion. Wh»el of Fortune, Won't Dance. Captain
Reeise. Fleur de Lis, Scarborough. Candelaria,
Maximo, Traverser, Fonsovannah, Morelllto,
Linstock, Marplot, Official, Dr. Marks and
Mid Glenn.
After his soul-stirring acrobatic turn on the
back of Gotobed on Monday, Dick Clawson no
doubt felt ashamed of himself, and gave bet
tors an opportunity to retrench yesterday.
Charley Thorpe has the "bumping" privilege,
and It is only a question of time when Mike
Hennessy and "Skeets" Martin will have to
look to their laurels.
In his admiration of the big brown colt Ex
cursion, owned by Burns & Waterhouse. Starter
Ferguson almost overlooked Saintly, which
drew the outside position, and was sent away
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
... Melkarth 110! 746 Chihuahua 107
753 A 1 Koran 110 <S42) Good Friend.. . .107
(s44)Miss Rowena...los ... Qulrte 107
<463)Castake 109 536 Hardly 109
... Miss Dividend. .los 722<\varo 107
(S3S)Ablna 103 ... Emma Rey .....100
842 Blarney Stone...
Second Race — One and a sixteenth miles; >
four-year-olds and upward; selling.
849 Earl Cochran ..111 S4B Caspar 105
732 Thelma 100 547 Fort Augustus. .105
534 Twinkle Twlnk.lo3 549 Sea Spray 102
SX3 Daylight 105 848 Joe Terry 105
(S2S)Paul Pry 05 1 846 Masoero 102
846 Claud is 1051
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling.
748 Bly 100 : 748 E. Come 108
832 Gold Scratch.... 108 , 843 S&ntello 108
*43 Sevens 107: 545 La Parasseuse..los
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds.
(S43)San Venado ....102 840 Torsida 107
840 Borgia 102 547 Eddie Jones ....113
Fifth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
(846)Grady 11l 539 Wheel Fortune. lo6
472 Double Quick... 10S : 852 Rey del Tierra.. 105
£47 Summertime ...103 <S47)Flashllght 114
M 6 San Marco 105 1 iS34iAlvarado II 102
835 Newsgatherer ..1051
Sixth Race — furlongs; selling; four-rear
old mares. ,
805 Alma 10« 846 Lost Girl 106
831 Florimel 106 704 Silver State ....109
6s<t Claudlana 106 820 Lone Princess. .lo6
831 Queen Safle 106
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Miss Rowena, Good Friend, Chl
huahua.
Second Race— Caspar, Earl Cochran, Thelma.
Third Race— Sevens, Gold Scratch, E. Come.
Fourth Raoe— Bari Venado, Borgia, Eddie
Jones.
Fifth Race— Alvarado, Newsgatherer, Grady.
Sixth Race— Lost Girl, Alma, Lone Princess.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Drugglats. •
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was quite a slump In mining stocks
yesterday. The best figure for Sierra Nevada
was $2, against $2 25 the preceding day, and
the stock sold as low as $1 85. The other stocks
were proportionately off. Trade was quieter.
On the Bond Exchange Gap and Electric de
clined to $S4, the other securities ranging about
the same.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
the usual monthly dividend of 60 cents per
i share on April 20.
| The Pacific Gas Improvement Company has
, declared Its regular monthly dividend of JO
i cents per share, payable April 11.
The San Jose Water Company will pay Its
usual monthly dividend oi 60 cents per share
on April 11.
In the Chollar mine they have placed one set
of timbers in the main incline below the 1100
I station and repaired the shaft where needed.
The wept crosscut on the 100-foot level and 60
feet n»rth of the south line has been advanced
in feet, and is now out 91 feet. It has passed
through S feet of old fillings of low grade and
is now In new ground assaying from jr> to $7
per ton The west crosscut on the tunnel level
CO feet north of the south line has been ex
tended 8 feet during the week, and Is now out
24 feef the face 1b in soft porphyry. Have
made seme repairs to the west drift. On the
Brunswick lode incline shaft No. 1 has been
sunk 14 feet since last report and Is now down
1170 'eet: the bottom is in porphyry- 200-foot
level— The streak of ore above this level con
tinues to look about the same. Are making
repairs throughout the mine where necessary.
The electric plant Is now completed and In
Ot in r the Potosl mine the Joint Bulllon-Potosl
I south drift on the tunnel level has been ex
: tended 20 feet' during the week, making ■
! total length 599 feet; the face shows hard
'■ quartz of low grade. The Crocus shaft has
■ been cleaned out and timbered durine the
I week E feet making a total of 111 feet, on
I the Brunswick lode, 600-foot level, the main
! south drift has been advanced during the week
I 28 feet and is now out 251 feet from the north
' line; the face Is In quartz and porphyry which
' give low assays.
The official letter from the Alta mine tor the
week ending April 2 says: -The connection
between the north raise and the stopes was
; made on April 1. and a good circulation and
; improved facilities for working is the result.
Have hoisted 29 carloads of ore. the average
• value of which, according to car «"*>!». ls
t 4 4 no per ton. We are setting up the Wilfrey
i concentrator and getting the mill In order.
] and expect to start up In four or five dayß.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
The annual report of the Napa Quicksilver
I Mining Company shows:
1897. 1896.
Receipts $217,567 $158,838
I Expenses 123.290 110,202
Net $94,277 $ 48,636
Dividends 70.000 60,000
Surplus $24,277
| Deficit $11,364
The company produced 6200 flasks of qulek
! silver In IS!<7, against 5000 in 1536 and 5400 in
i 1595; It smelted 28,650 tons of ore. against 17.850
I In 1896 and 17.650 In 1895. Balance to credit of
profit and loss January 1. IS9S. $53,156; con-
I struction charged to expenses. $4401: charged to
: depreciation, $6540. Mr. Buckmlnster, treaa
i urer, says that operations In 1*97 were very
I satisfactory, and resulted in a material pain
to the company. A large amount was spent
In prospecting and development work and In
i opening ore ahead for reserves. The second
I furnace was started in May, and is working
; very satisfactorily. Prospects f or jggg are very
\ encouraging.
: The annual report of the Aetna Quicksilver
i Company shows the following comparison:
1897. 1898.
I Receipts $126,217 $120,236
! Expenses 75.332 73,244
Net $ 62.655 $46,992
Dividends 40.000 40.003
Surplus $ 12,685 $ 6,992
The company smelted 17.52S tons of ore in
IRP7, against 16,3r.2 In 1896 and 16,490 In 1595;
flasks produced, 3600, against 3SOO in 1596 and
' 83' X) In 1895. Balance to credit of profit and loss
| January 1, I«9S. $62,913; construction charK^ to
| expenses, $4RS7: charged to depreciation, $6310.
, Mr. Buckminster. treasurer, says that opera
tions In 1597 resulted very satisfactorily. Quick
silver has been in good demand at higher
prices, and has every prospect of so continuing.
It is in contemplation to erect a new furnace
j to replace two now In use. resulting in economy
of production.
STOCK AND BOXeTexCHANGE,
TUESDAY, April b—l p. m.
TT _ _ -id.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Onkland Ga».. — 44
,4s quar coup. .11041114 p ac Gas Imp.. 80 86
4s quar reK..lusV>9' 2 Pae l Co — 64
4s quar new.. 121 122 S F G & E. 84 —
; Miscellaneous- San Fran 3% 3%
; Cal-Ft Cab ss. 114^116 Stock Gas 12 —
: Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
, C C Wat 55... — 102V2 Firems Fund. l9s —
; Dup-st ex c. — 98>* Bank Ktocks
■ E L & P 6H..128 12S\ Angio-Cal .... - »
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 117^1 Bank of Ca1..245 —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal S D & T. — 100
HC & S OH- 100 105 First Nat ....200 -
;LA LCo 65.. — 100 Lon Pfr A... 130 —
, Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-«t 6s. .12€H127Mi Nev Nat 8...160 155
IV> Ist M 05.112 113 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97* Ger S & L..1600 —
NCXg Ry 7s. 102 — Hum S & L.1U50 1160
'N Ry Cal 65..11H4 — Mutual Say. — 42^
NRy Cal ss..lOOVfc — s F Say D — 496
NPC R R 6s. l'M — S& L 50.... — 100
N PC Ry Bs.lOlH — Secuntv B B 250 —
N Cal Tly 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Rcilroad —
Do 2d is 55.. — 110 California ....107V5109
!Om Ry 6s — 126 Geary 40 -
' V & O 6s 110 — |Market-st .... 62 824
iP*Ch Ry 6a. — 110 Presidio 8 7*
; Powell-st 65... — 117 powder—
! Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....120 150
i Sac Elecßyos.lo4%losT» E Dynamite... So —
BF& X P 65.10,"%ii06 Giant Con Co. 40 42
! S P of Ar 65.. 193^1044 Vlgorit 2\ 3
I S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
! SPC is eg 55.. — 96Vj Al Pac Assn.. 96^ 98
, B P Br 6s — 111^ Ger Ld Wks.llo -
I S V Wat 65... 116 117 Hana P C 0... — 20
| S V Wat 45... 101 102 HC & S Co.. 24\i 24*4
: Stock Gas 65.. — 103>4 Hutch S P Co. 44 44V»
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
! Contra Costa.. — 59»4 Nat Yin C 0... — 7\4
■ Marln Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 53*4 56>j>
j Spring Va1.... 99 99*; Pac A F L... m 3 '
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 9S'i —
Cent Gaslight. 9SH — Par Paint Co. 6\ —
IME LCo — 13V4
Morning Session.
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 00
146 do do 44 12*4 i
$1000 8 P Branch Ry Bonds 11150 j
' 400 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 75 I
i 650 do do 24 50 j
: 170 do do 24 S2H
i 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00 I
j 33 do do 84 75 i
; 10 do do 84 S7'4 I
125 Spring Valley Water 99 75 \
Afternoon Session.
1 25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 62>4 i
: 225 do do 24 60
I 255 Hutchinson S PCo 44 12 1 * j
! 25 do do s 3 44 l'JUj
10 S F Gas & Elcetrlc Co S4 75
30 do do 84 50
35 do do 84 371^
25 do do 84 25
I 35 do do 84 12V4
' S do do 84 00
! $1000 Spring Valley Water 4s Bonds 101 50
investment" board.
Morning Session.
jr.'ioo Spring Valley Water 4s m 2 fto
Jjono Spring Valley Water 6s. s 10 116 oo
70 Giant Powder 4175
Street—
80 Spring Valley Water 100 on
95 do do 9y S7VJ
75 S F Gas & Klectrio S6 00
50 do do 85 8714
2.1 do do So 75
50 Hutchtnaon S P Co 44 r>o
50 do do 44 25
100 do do 44 no
30 Giant Powder 4150
300 Vigorit Powder 2 S7V4
Afternoon Session.
60 Market-street Railway Co 52 25
5 Bank of California 245 00
»2'hV> Spring Valley Water 4s 102 SO
2? Hutohinson S P Co 44 00
50 Hawaiian commercial & Sugar 24 37Vi
20 Giant Powder 41 5y
Street—
75 S F Gas * Electric Co S5 00
25 do do g4 57%
10 do do g4 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 S7U
20 do do 24 75
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
20<J Belcher 23'2500nh1r 81
100 Best & Belcher. 32 | 50 $q
100 Bullion 07 j 200 Overman C 9
300 Caledonia 25 ; 2"0 Savage 25
3"0 Chollar 44,1005 eg Belcher .... 04
200 Con Chl & Va.. 83 .W Sierra Nevada.. 1 95
30(i Gould & Curry.. 24 j i50 190
r,:,rt Mexican 4 40 j 100 2 Oil
300 .-. G & C 101200 Union Con 44
100 Occidental 2 85 200 45
100 2 80|
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 23'500Ophir 77
4on Rest & Belcher. 31 >3on Mexican 39
100 Challenge 27 100 38
200 Chollar 431200 Potosi '.'. 40
200 Con Cal & Va.. 78 ! SOO Sierra Nevada..] 85
200 79 11501 150 Standard 165
200 77200 Union Con 47
50 Confidence 7ii100.. 44
200 Occidental 2 90 |
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 171800 Savage 25
700 Belcher 22 j 150 Sierra Nevada. .2 10
400 Best & Belcher. 32 850 1 95
2Chi Caledonia 04 1300
200 Chollar 43 300 ' 1 9714
300 Crown Toint ... 24 2iio Union Con 43
200 Hale & Norcrs.l 30 500 45
500 1 3-V- 1200 .'. .."" 44
800 Mexican 39 300 46
400 Ophir 82 800 Utah 12
300 80 500 Yellow Jacket .. 25
600 Potosi 40 300 26
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha 01 300 Ophir 77
150 Alta 16 500 Potos! 41
3i h) Andes 11 200 40
41KI Belcher 22 200 Savage ........ 25
:00Best & Belcher. 31 200 Sierra Nevada. .2 00
200 Caledonia 24 200 1 97Vi
Shi <"hallenge 27 <><v) '" 1 95
10'»0 28 150 ;.'.i'92M!
300 Chollar 44 300 190
400 Con <"al & Va.. S3 1200 1 85
»0 77 800. i 824
200 Confidence 70 700 . 1 SO
300 Crown Point... 24 250 187H
200 23 300 175
2W> Hale & Norcrs..l 30 400 1 72u
700 Justice 21 Union Con .... 42 43
200 Mexican 38 600 41
\OO Occidental ....2 92^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Julia 01 02
Alta 16 18 Justice — 23
Andes 11 12 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 22 23 Lady Wash — 03
Bent on Con ... — 2.1 Mexican 37 38
Best * Belcher 31 32 Occidental 290 —
Bullion 07 08 Ophlr 76 77
Caledonia 23 — Overman OS 09
<'hollar 43 44 Potosi 40 41
Con Cal & Va. 77 7S Savage 21 23
Challenge Con. 2<! 2S Seg Belcher ... 03 05
Confidence 70 71 Scorpion OB —
Con Imperial .. 01 02 [Sierra Nevada. 1 75 180
Crown Point .. 23 24 [silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Kureka Con .. — 25 Standard 1601 65
Exchequer 04 Ofi fnlnn Con 10 11
Oould & Curry. 21 221 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 25 1 30' Yellow Jacket. 24 25
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Crown Point.....
Oplnr .......
Con. Imperial
Andes ..'.:. -....■;
Best &B«»loher...
Con. Cal. & Va
Hale & NoreroBB.
Occidental
Gould ii Curry.;..
Utah ...
Bullion.... ..
Silver Hill........
73
72
<0
is
64
11
US
80
S3
2:
ki
■y,
..Mar 21 ..Apr 1-. 10
..Mar 27 ..Apr 18 2i
..Apr 1 ..Apr !f> 01
..Apr 7 ..Apr 2s 05
..Apr 8 ..May 3 no
..Apr 8 ..May a 25
..Apr I* ..May 3 10
..Apr !t ..May 1 10
..Apr lti ..May 10 15
..Apr M ..May 11 05
..Apr 29 ..May H 05
..May 6 .May 31 1 0.'.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L R Fancher. Merced I I * Horton, . Llvermore
E H Quick. Grass Vy W W Chamberlain, Cal
M Pedro, CarconJ S J Peterson, Cal :
B Rickets & w. Pa. H H Blood, Sta Crui
.£ X. Webber. Nap* * F Tull, Bant* Crux
W Newmann, Gilroy S Pinkhorner, Cal
E Pollfka, Mich Mrs R H Connolly.Cal
C Chrlstensen, Cal Mrs L M Borsell, Cal
] S A Chase. Wls F M Rust, Chicago
I J M Rosehard & w, j D M D Smith. Chcgo
I- I !,' F O Hihn. Sta Cruz
! C W Terry & w. 11l w H Richards. Stktn
, Mrs M E Smith. Wls W Cowdery. Wash
Motile Smith, Wis D F Weaver, Spokane
F M Chapman, Los A! Mrs W O Robinson &
' J \llllnger. L Angeles! dr, Stockton
| Mrs J Bancus, Cal Mrs Feldox. Sacto
Mrs J P Butts. Cal G F Day, Butte
AC Butts, Cal |H Richmond. Wi«
jJ W Spengler, Reno |J D Hall, Call
J W Oatman, Reno Mrs F W Huntlngton.
S P Thurman, Cal ! Sacramento
Dr G W Denville. Cai'W W Furney, Cal
T J Brown & w, Ohio Miss Stickles, Angels
D G Reid, Redding W C Waters & w, Cal
I J Cramin, Marysville W L Oromoll, Cal
! F Meckel Cleveland E Wolf, Sacramento
Mrs E P Perkins, 111 M Haase &w, lowa
Mn L. X c an>enter, 111 D A Madina, Noyo
R \\ Thomas. B C F Kramer, N V
A C Russell, Stocktoi. Mrs J McClatchey, Cal
\\ Hill, Los Angeles Miss McClatchey, Cal
E F R Vail, Los Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
1J A Chanslor, L Ang Miss Newcomb, N V
7 Flint Jr. S Juan H H Jacobson, N V
1 Mrs J A Noyes. Mass F H Danforth &w. Mo
W Gillispie, Boston Mrs J C More, Mo
. J C McCarkle, Colo E G Waldron. Chicago
; J H Peacock. London C Hanne. Stanford
It H Stewart, Boston R F Green. Chicago
| It V Sebrie, Mont E Wolf, Sacto
j W D Shea, NY C B Knapp. Pa
; H H Henshaw, Cat Mrs C B Knapp, Pa
v C Peyton, S Cruz A Hill. Mich
H Dascking. S Rafael 'Mrs A Hill. Mich
A E I'aillard, NY J B Calvert. N V
G Varrelman, N V Mrs J B Calvert, N V
J A Clark, NY , ! E E Smathors, Pa
A J W arnar, Chicago . Mrs H W Goode, Or
T J Brown & w, Ohio H Goods, Or
S I'hlman. N V Miss H Goode & m. Or
, O L Mohler & w. Or Mrs M Lanclough. 11l
; Mrs A H Rogers. St P S H Rucker, S Jose
jD T Davies. Portland W Donovan, US N
I F X B Johnson, Londn 'H Hey wood. Mass
R X Thomas, B C iMrs H Hey wood. Mass
! J X Murray, Mont M:fs N Hey wood, Mass
:J S Tyler &w, Mont IE Parker. Ky
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E G Waldr-on, Chicago J W Hughs. Sacto
Mrs G W Kearn. Cal IJ W Rager<lale, Cal
L E Bemiss. Cal IH N Howard & w. Me
It Benjamin, Vallejo E M EllinKhouse. Cal
G L Cross, Cal C M Smith, San Jose
S Gage, Chicago J Gliok, Stockton
L Koubln, Coos Bay R E Golden. N V
M Wines, Sta Barbara I A H Arnold, N V
J P Jarman, San JoseJß M Smith. N V
R J Forestal. Portland C J Franklin, N V
C E Wells, Fresno lR J Yount, Oakland
Dr Rankln, Sta Rosa (H C Long, Mt Vernon
Dr H Flndlay, Cal I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Bungard, Willows G St Ledger. Bakersfld
L A Pichlna, Menlo P J Matson. Stockton
C Covert. Merced C O'Farrell, S Mateo
F J Offhauser, Vallejo M C Lamartlnl. Can
Mrs H Bell, Modesto C Gusland *: w. Mo
C B Robertson, Omaha M Bruce. Mo
H M Jackson, Buffalo P J Sullivan, S Jose
R Moore, Riverside J MoKlroy, Fresno
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. „ •*.
T., Masonic Temple, Pqst and Mot-TMF
gomery sts.— Special assembly THIS £J
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 ftp
o'clock. Order of the Temple; all fra- ▼
ters are courteously invited.
SIR JOHN P. PHASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
i CALIFORNIA Council' No. 2. R. and •
S. M., will meet THIS (WEDNES- _J%_
DAT) EVENING, April 6. at S o'clock. >Slf
for business and degrees. By order ' '
of the T. I. M.
_^ FRANKLIN H. DAT, Recorder.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. Stated meeting THIS (WED- _JV_
NESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock, jKjF
Also second degree. -'\y \
I THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and m
A. Stated meeting THIS (WED- tk
NESDAY) EVENING, April 6, at 7:30 »LX
■ o'clock. • '^r >
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
CROCKETT LODGE No. 139, F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY, Jk
April 6, at 7:30 p. m. jK2f
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary. /V>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M— ■
Will assemble THIS (WEDNESDAY) J^
at 1:46 p. in., to attend the funeral 1R jf
of our late Brother, F. J. ZIFFERER, /^r>
of Humanitas Lodge, Hungary. Funeral
committees are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. j
FRANCO-AMERICAN L.,1 No. o^^ja^Jt-
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and -^^XZ-
members are requested to meet 7
at their hall WEDNESDAY, 'WSvT*
April 6. at 2 p. m. sharp, to attend the fu-
neral of our deceased brother, J. P. BAR-
BIER. P. BIGUE, N. G.
R. LAVIGNE, Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. Of P.. will «£r
confer the knight rank (long form) v Jl*.
WEDNESDAY, April 6. IMS, at Cifv£,
Pythian Castle. 9W*A Market at., at 4esJTj
8:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially invited. C. H. KNOWN C. C.
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
UNITY Lodge No. 61, K. of P.. 909 v, Jbr-
Market St., will confer the Knight v IS*
Rank, long form, on one esquire on SJ(nKL»
THURSDAY EVENING, April 7; J&Jp-r
also will elect representatives to Grand
Lodge. All Knights are cordially Invited.
G. M. HAUPT, C. C.
S. W. GATES, K. of R. and S.
THE quarterly meeting of Servian- -» :
Montenegrin L. and B. Society will fnA
be held THIS (WEDNESDAY) imSstm
EVENING, April 6. 1898. at 8 HPeH
o'clock. sharp, at 10 California st. jp«frf»3l
All officers and members are earn- ?«>"*K;B
estlj requested to attend. Fine for jf^Sffiffil'
non-attendance will be strictly en- Vj&hss/
forced. By order of ■«h^»v
JOHN GLAVINOVICH, President.
_ SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Offi- a
cers and members of the above- KsJKs!
named society: You are hereby noti- ?*ii3g£
fled to at! ■• i your regular meeting, 9698;
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, 8 *W®
o'clock sharp. Business of Importance will
come before the meeting. By order
M. SCANATICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
■fmrn a
-woflmj jo Esauisna -pa-jsanbaa aotrs
-puaim nn.j v >i>"P.o g}u 'is Xppa Uk
m "huh /a - a V* 8881 "9 I!-"1v 'ONI J&f
-Na.va (AvasaxaaAV) sihx ii-"i %i/
aq iiiav uoij-bid<js v ,sjaxi!isi.)|ja oosp rvs*
-übjj u-bs si)| ;o 3tinaaiu j-B[oSJaj a ill ■
E. J. BRANDON. President.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings In Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattie, in the
Beattie mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado I
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam ;
of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
69, Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. 808-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. EJB».
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. • 1007 Market St., room 2.
BERTHA TROY, genuine massage baths. 1015
Market St., room 17, second floor.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 343
Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St., room 11.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post st., room 3.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15& Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st. "
SITUATIONS A'AJSTED— FEMAL.K.
WE have a number of first-class hotel and
restaurant waitresses seeking situations. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ; telephone
Grant 185.
LADIES requiring the services of a competent
house girl can be supplied by C. H. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.; telephone Grant 185.
FIRST-CLASS German nursery governess de-
sires situation; best reference; city ,or . coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LADIES looking for first-class help, please call
or send your orders to MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ::■!.;;.-; .. ,
COMPETENT German nurse desires situation;
good seamstress; best of reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AT the Swedisli|jind German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls are await-
ing situations. Please call or ; telephone to
- MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
AT THE German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. a
number of first-class girls of all nationalities
await positions.
A NO. 1 German cook, best of reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. ./;.*;
RESPECTABLE • young woman (Protestant)
wishes housekeeper's position; wages moder-
1 ate; references; city or country. Address
[. 38U Twenty-fourth st.; new Bartlett.
SITUATIONS VAKTED-Contlnned.
DURING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper in a summer boarding-hou§e or private
family; references given and required. Box
115, Palo Alto.
POSITION as teacher desired by a lady
student during the summer; experienced;
French and German; references given and
required. Box 115, Palo Alto.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain mending; no objection to
short distance In country. Call or address
1104 Mission St., room 10.
REFINED German girl wants to teach chil-
dren German; understands second work, sew-
ing and Ironing; salary $20. Address 3236%
Sixteenth st.
SITUATION as housekeeper by neat elderly
Protestant widow; cooking, washing and the
care of children; reference given; wages $10
per month. Address P. S.. box 268, Call office.
AMERICAN widow wishes situation In
widower's family; understands cooking, tak-
ing care of children or washing and cleaning.
2KS Stevenson st.
GIRL wishes any kind of work by the day; 80
cents per day, -or 50 cents per half day. Ad-
dress 8., Branch Call office, 1505 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern cook would like situa-
tion In private family. 639 Howard st.
RELIABLE woman wishes to work by the
day washing. Ironing or housecleaning. Ap-
ply 1036 Potrero aye., nr. Twenty-third st.
NEAT German girl wants situation to do gen-
eral housewurk; call or write. MISS
NOLAN. 21 Ninth St.
ELDERLY woman wants situation to assist
in light housekeeping. 2402 Polk st.
STRONG American woman warfts work by the
day washing, ironing or housecleaning; $1 a
day and carfare. Call or address 731 Folsom.
YOUNG healthy wetnurse wishes a position.
Call 2228 Pine st.
WIDOW wants position as housekeeper; In or
out of city. Address MRS. KING, New
Western Hotel, room 30.
, SEAMSTRESS desires few more engagements
by the day or week; $1 25. Box 5053, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 34 Sixth St., room 6.
A STRONG German girl wishes a situation at
cooking and general housework; wages $2u
to $25. 256 Third St.
AN orchestra pianiste of experience wants en-
gagements; Is also a good vocalist. Address
Pianiste. box 14, Call office.
STRONG young American woman wants day
work; washing, house-cleaning. 24 Verona St.,
off Third, between Folsom and Harrison.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day;
washing, ironing, cleaning. 622 Stevenson st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
GOOD dressmaker wishes few more engage-
ments by the day; references. 112 Taylor st.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 50; dresses made over; suit* made In 2
days; good fitter. L., 1941 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes to do second work or
Upstairs work; no postals answered. 9 Eu-
gene aye., opposite Thirtieth and Mission sts. j
REFINED, Intelligent American lady as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country'- Call or I
address 34^. Turk St., room 14.
WANTED— Position by young woman (widow) :
as housekeeper in hotel or first-class room-
ing-house; thoroughly competent; references.
Address X., box 10, Call office.
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses want situations or
would work In confectionery store. Crown
House, 13SA Fourth St., room 28.
MOTHER and 2 daughters want situations as
cooks and waitresses; all capable and reli-
able; city or country. Crown House, 13SA
Fourth St., room 28.
WANTED— By married woman 28 years of age
to take care of chicken ranch or private I
place; city or country; best of references. !
Box 99, Call office.
WANTED— By 2 young women (German), well
recommended, situations for general house-
work; would go to country. 946 Harrison St.,
room 23.
WANTED — Situation by competent, neat
housekeeper and seamstress; pleasant home
more than big wages. Address E. L., 731
Fulton st. j
FRENCH lady wishes situation as maid or take
care of gri'wn children; first-class seamstress; ■
speaks French, German and English. F., box
13, ' 'ail Office.
SWEDISH girl, experienced In first-class cook-
ing, wishes situation, oil Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to do
gents' washing and mending at her home.
Address 417 Harrison st.
WOMAN wants work In a doctor's office or
any kind of office work; ood reference. Mrs.
T. E.. box 58, Call Office.
YOUNG lady, expert penman and of experience,
would like a position as copyist. C. F.. box
11, Call office, Oakland.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth St., room 10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest- Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants to
work in a F-mall family of 2 persons; good
plain cook; no washing: no children.; $15 per
month; the best of city reference; no postals.
245 Natoma st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Fifth St.. near Howard.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
SlaU Howard st., room 3.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
EMPLOYERS can get competent, able-bodied
men for any kind of skilled or unskilled labor
on short notice at C. It. HANSKN & CO.'S,
104 Geary St.; telephone Grant iSS.
BAKERS, cooks, waiters, laundry help, men
for livery stables and dairies at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 Vi OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office: choice
help; tel. Grant ofi. Geo. Aoki, 30 Gearv st.
CARPENTER, handy with plumbers' and
painters' tools, can run engine, accustomed
to management of real property; low wages.
Address E., Box 25, Call Office.
MAN and wife, German, would like a place
in private family or on a ranch; good hand
with horses; can do milking, gardening, etc.
C. F., box 11, Call office, OaKland.
SITUATION wanted to do house-cleaning, gar-
dening and general jobbing; over 1 year with
WILLIAM JOHN. Address J. C, 20 Sixth st.
CHINESE boy. first-class family conk; small
washing: cookine; city, country; references;
$6. $7. $8 per week. W. S. X.. 6154 Dupont.
WANTED — Position as coachman by young
Swede; best of references. Please reply to
JOHN PETERSON, 1724 Eddy st*
YOUNG man. honest, reliable and full of en-
ergy, wishes position as clerk in office, can
give bond; references. Box 104, Call Office.
BAKER of experience wants work, ' city or
country; stock or compressed yeast. Ad-
dress Baker, 309 Third St., Oakland.
NO. 1 teamster desires steady employment.
Address P. W., SGI Market st.
GOOD barber wants steady work afternoons
and Sunday. Address Barber, box 65. Call.
YOUNG German of good habits, with refer-
ences, desires position with private family;
can take care of horses and work around
house. Box 2567, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER with good experience wlshea
employment as bookkeeper or cashier; can
furnish the best of references. Address box
■60, Call office.
COACHMAN, shortly from Europe, can epeak
German and French fluently, wishes suitable
position; city or country. Box 55, Call office.
WANTED— By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free
If not satisfactory. Address box 2670, Call.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like a good steady place. 654 Mission st.
BARBER — Boy with 5 months' experience
wishes to finish learning. Box 60. Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as gardener by steady
man; can milk, drive; handy about house;
references. Address G. M., 1506 Polk st.
YOUNG barber, with 2 years' experience,
wishes place In country. -ddress 2214 Chest-
nut St., Oakland.
SITX'ATION wanted by a steady man. that
could make himself useful In a large estab-
lishment as carpenter or plumber. Address
V.. box 14. Call office.
STRONG boy for drug store; state age, wage 3,
etc. Box 2S9S, Call office.
YOUNG man of character and business edu-
cation desires employment; ovt of doors part
of the time preferred: best of references given
and required. Box 2571. Call office.
PICTURE framer with machines wants posi-
tion. Box 2604, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient -nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from fer -jr.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOUSE girls for city, Alameda, Oakland.
Berkeley, San Lorenzo and lone, wages $15
to $25; nurse, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st.
HELP Continued.
COMPETENT lady to take charge of first-
class dining-room; $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS. $20; chambermaid and wait, $18;
chambermaid and wait. $20; waitress, south.
$20, fare paid; chambermaid and wait, south,
fare paid 2 hotel cooks, $25, see party here,
fare advanced; waitress, north, fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
6 WAITRESSES, hotels, etc.. $20. $5 and $6
■ week; kitchen helper, $5 week; girl for house-
work, 2 in family, for Washington. $30. see
lady here at 12 to-day; waitress and parlor-
maid, $20; 4 second girls and nurses, $20 and
: $25: 3 cooks, German style, $25 and $30, and
girls for housework In city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK and housework girl, 2 in family, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl. $20; German nursery
governess, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN nursery governess, $25; 3 second
girls, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young Catholic girl, assist housework.
$12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH cook. $40; 2 In family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED • middle-aged woman as house-
keeper, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT working housekeeper, $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
! MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, good home,
I $10; fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
REFINED girl, assist housework, 2 in family,
San Jose, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and housekeeper, mining town, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED woman, with a girl, as working
housekeeper, $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK. San Jose. 2 In fani.'ly, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
3 GERMAN cooks, $30 and $35; 2 Swedish cooks,
$30 each. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, no cooking,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; cook. $30; house girl, 2 In
family, $25. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, $20; second girl, $16; seamstress,
$20; cook, $25. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
WANTED— Woman baker, $20; colored woman,
$20, housework; second girl, $20; young girl,
assist, $10: 10 house girls at $20; 6 young house
girls at $15; middle-aged women, country,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $15, see party here; woman
with a child: house girl, Alameda, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
4 COOKS. German style, $25 to $30; 3 German
house girls, $20 to $25; middle-aged woman,
housekeeper, $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
COMPETENT American cook. $25; 4 German
: cooks, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
i 4 SECOND girls, $20; 8 girls, general house- I
| work, $16 to $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Pow-
j ell st.
GERMAN housekeeper, $20, fare paid; nurse,
one baby, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
WOMAN cook, private place, $20; girl for
housework, $20; girls for housework, $15.
Nurseglrls, $10.
Wanted— good cooks. $40. V'
470 Seventh St., Pacific Employment Office,
bet. Washington and Broadway, Oakland.
1 WAITRESS, country hotel, wages $20 per
month. Apply California Waitresses' and
Chambermaids' Association, 329 Eddy st. No
office fee.
2 UNDER clerks, wholesale trade, assistant
! office cashier and correspondent. 1023 Market.
LADY cashier; managing housekeeper; sales-
lady; copyists at home to register. 1023 Mar-
ket st. ■/. ■:■;...
LADY stenographer who understands book-
keeping; dental office assistant. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADIES for gloves, notions and candy
departments; restaurant cashier. 313 Bush.
2 ACTIVE business ladles who can Invest $150
each to take the managing half interest in a
l well established cash business that will per-
; mit of drawing $10 per week at start. Par-
ticulars, 313 Bush st.
LADY cashier and matron able to take inter-
est In select and profitable cash business;
references. 313 Bush st.
WANTED Woman to cook and do housework
in small family. 2705 Buchanan St.; reference
required.
WANTED— Neat young German girl for light
housework; $10, $12. Apply 412 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on cloaks. 723 Mar-
ket st. • :■.,•■ v<V. -. .
. 1 .
GIRL to assist in light housework; call before
10. 1673 Golden Gate aye. ,• .
GIRL or woman for general housework; family
of two; wages $10 to $12. 1522 Webster st.
ONE first-class operator, also finishers on
pants. 226 Minna St.; basement.
TAILORESS on custom coats; good button-
hole. 5% Kearny st., room 18, top floor.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also ap-
prentices. 239 Fifth st.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 724 Howard St.,
near Third. . ; ;'•■ ~
WANTED— for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery
store; no other need apply. 180 Sixth st.
TAILORESS wanted on vests. 10 Chelsea place,
near Powell st.
WANTED— Young girl to work In restaurant.
300 Hayes st.
NEAT young girl attend children and assist
in housework; $10. 3763 Twentieth st.
GIRL to assist In housework and children. 2900
Twenty-first st.
FELLER hands on custom coats; steady work.
568 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE girl for general housework.
2030 Mission st.
GOOD waitress wanted. People's Restaurant,
631 Clay st, below Kearny; call after 8 a. m.
GIRL to attend 2 children and do light house-
work. 956 Mission st.
GIRLS to learn tailoring; pay while learning.
291 Natoma St., near Fourth.
WOMAN to work in kitchen; understands
cooking. 13 Polk st. . . . .
WANTED— GirI to do light housework; sleep
home. 715 A McAllister st.
GIRL for housework: American family of 2;
$20: small washing; plain cooking. 631 Larkln.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$15. 1614 O'Farrell st.; from 9 to 12 a. m.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; - a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fre-
mont st.
COMPETENT child nurse and seamstress; ref-
erence. Call NW corner of Broderick st. and
Golden Gate aye.
SALESLADIES for fancy and drapery work;
experienced and apprentices. RAPTEN, 1030
Market st.
FEMALE finishers wanted on Jackets. DAVID-
SON & MILLER, 731 Market st. ■
OPERATORS on Jackets. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. 731 Market st. -
TAILORESS and experienced apprentice on
custom coats. 76 Harriet st.
WANTED — Good German cook; small family. i
1814 Washington st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call 10
Liberty st., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and house-
work. 609 Franklin st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
st.; consultation free; fees moderate.
MONE"? loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WOMAN, general housework; plain cooking,
small wash, $10; references. Box 2080 Call.
WANTED— A German girl in small family; no
children; $12. 1432 O'Farrell st.
LADY not over 45, with $150 cash to Invest in
money-making business. Box 1613, Call.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh, Girard House.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 123
Buena Vista aye., near Baker and Halght sts.
APPRENTICE girl; also operator on coats. 107
Fifth St., room L .••;;'
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, . 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
<■'_.-.. MALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND cook, $50; broiler. $50; night cook.
$30; 6 waiters, $25, city and country; waiter,
$7 a week: 2 waiters, $30; saloon porter, $25-
German saloon porter, $15; dishwasher, coun-
try hotel. $18. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104
Geary st. .
CARRIAGE trimmer, see boss here, early;
blacksmith, $40; 15 woodchoppers, grub ad-
vanced, new Job, $1 25 a cord. C R. HA\'.
SEN, & CO.. 104 Geary st. N "
BARBER to run a country shop; good propo-
■; Bltlon. C. R. HA..SEN & CO.. 104 Geary Tt.
WANTED— man to wait on table. sum-
mer resort, near city, $20 to $25; waiter, plain
boarding-house, : country, $20; ' waiter plain
hotel, $20; waiter, $30; dishwashers, olty and
country^ $15 and $20;. French barkeeper, Jio
HELP WAS'-JID- Con
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. ,
a 113 TIE makers wanted for different places
RAY_ : READY: 634 and B6 -"lay £.
s££ «? M^ W^rtU
Sp-r^R^D^'^-rding^E^ployme^
Agents. 634 and 63^ Clay *! Tel. Main SMS. _
A-COOK wanted. $65. exceptional good place.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _
A-8 COOKS- ' -; nZLi^'norter'
4 dishwasher- — " T^T^rav &
from $20 to $65 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
i A-LAUNDRYMAN wanted for 'l n <" st ' t t '° n l 'l
$26 and found. MURRAY & READY, b34 and
636 Clay st. ' ____——
A— DRIVER, German, wanted for * £'£ y A v* 1 *
cry wagon. $20 and found. MLKKAX _
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKER'S third hand, city Job $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. ; _
A— TAILOR wanted, country place. $2 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COACHMAN and general utillty T man for
private family, $25 and found. MLKKAI _
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.. _____
BLACKSMITH wanted on heavy wagon
work, city job. MURRAY & READ!, 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— 2 RANCH teamsters, $25 and found, sain*
ranch, call early; 4 farmers, for different
places. $20: 3 core boys for ranches, JIU.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Mr. Shulte. electro plater, please
call; man about place, who can run gasoline
engine, $25; coachman for country, $25; car
penter for mine, $2 56 day; miner, $50 ana
board: carriage painter. $2 50 day; mechan-
ical draughtsman, $3 to $4. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— millman who under-
stands cyanide process, chemist preferred,
good position: young assistant bookkeeper for
mine. $25 and board. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st. '
WANTED— Broiler for nice restaurant, $50, call
to-day; 2 cooks, country hotels, $30 and $35 1
hotel waiters. $30: k<- v -n men and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED —E. T. BADERE, please calll
waiter for restaurant, first-class place, t*9
per month; coachman for private place, near
city, $30; stableman for private place in coun-
try, $25; 2 miners, Napa County. $52 per
month; 10 coal miners; driver for milK
route, references required, $35 per month and
found; farmers, milkers, waiters, cooks and
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER *
CO.. 626 Clay st. ■
WANTED— An experienced salesman and buyer
to take charge of a department; must be well
acquainted with laces, embroideries, ribbon*
and small wares. Address communications,
stating age, house where last employed, sal-
ary expected, to Weinstock, Lubi/l & Co., 523
Market St., San Francisco, or apply to Mr. O.
B. LUDLOW, room 7, 523 Market St., from I
to 3 p. m. Only persons who have had charge
of departments and have done buying nee*
apply. a
RANCH foreman, married (no children); man
and wife, country hotel. 1023 Market st.
3 LACE goods salesmen: waiter, $40 and found I
bread cart driver. 1023 Market st.
ELECTRICIAN: wharf warehouseman; ship
chandler's clerk; experienced office assistant,
$12. 313 Bush st.
MANAGER and bookkeeper; experienced hotel
clerk; traveling wine salesman. 313 Bush st.
REGISTER watchman; educational institu-
tion; wholesale house porters. 1018 Washing-
ton St., Oakland.
PRACTICAL young business man as assistant
manager light cash business ; $100 deposit; $1B
per week: advanced on merit. 313 Bush st.
ENGINEER, steamboat; 2 reliable stokem;
ranch foreman, married, $40. 313 Bush st.
$80 PER month between man and wife; work
together as manager and matron; cash busi-
ness; permanent and progressive. 313 Bush.
NEAT elderly man; must be able to milk;
salary $25 per year and board; good home.
Call at 429 Tehama st, two days, 11 to 12.
WANTED— 2 coat-makers and 2 pants-makers.
Apply J. H. HEITMAN, 600 J St., Sacra-
mento, Cal.
GENTLEMAN S hat trimmer wanted. INN,
238 Third st. : call 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
PLAIN cook, elderly man preferred: boarding-
house. 32S Drumm St., between 8 and 9 a. m.
JAPANESE bootblack wanted. 103 Fourth st.
WANTED— Man to rapidly learn barber trade;
exceptionally good chance. 112 Second st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on -repairing. 1019 Rail-
road aye. south.
WANTED— Pantsmaker by LOUIS CLAR, Vl-
salla.
WANTED— driver for baker wagon, $20.
1218 Powell st.
WANTED— Bootblack at 307 Larkin street.
FOR SALE— Barber shop; 2 chairs; hot and
cold water, electric light; paying; trial given
if desired. Call 9 Hayes st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13S^ Eighth st.
BARBERS, attention— first-class 2-cha!r
hotel shop for sale very cheap: been run-
ning for 10 years. Call or address J. KIE-
FER. Salinas, Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States'
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages ot
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween "5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
Tot further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds Jew«
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay,
9 MEN for voyage to sea; no experience neces-
sary. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work- cl«
or country. Box 2677, Call Office. '.. -- T
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australla, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 505 Broadway.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms- 1
nights 25c or 76c week. 105 New Montgomery.
800 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoe*
half prloe; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen • wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waitera and oth-
er help. • E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
T rE Pi; L ? borera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 ~hlrd it.; 150 'largiS
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week. \
WANTED— Montana House, 764H Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25a pei
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Ass' n Free Employm't Office, a.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«.
MARKET, 863H (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12^c, 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1, $1 25,
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c~t0~57
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. I^indell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: II a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
RELIABLE man with large acquaintance can
obtain permanent position; prominent insur-
ance office. Address B. A., box 15, Call office.
WANTED— Agents to sell Alaska gold bondsi
salary and commission: references required.
Apply H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Ml*.
slon St.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery »t. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
PARTNERS ANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $2000 in established
cash business. Box SO, Call Office.
WANTED— Partner for dyeing ' and ' cleaning
business; must be a dyer. 929 Folsom Bt
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY teacher wishes room in exchange fo*
piano lessons. Address A. 3., box 5. Call.
__^WANTED— US.
0 JoW^l^^^^^
P ha°nd° V Cn^m ll e n rV ci BB 1 t. aPParatU ' : ■-**»'DU^INES3 CHANCES.
STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant,
»-tc. ; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M.
LESS, 765 Market Et.
FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family
. resort; established 2.". years; north of. Mar-
ket: only place of its kind within a large
radius; full value In sight; clearing now $260
per month; can be increased; satisfactory
proof furnished; investigate this; it's worth
your while. M. LESS. 765 Market.
J4OO-DELICACY fit re; fine location; north of
. ••■■'.; llvlnff . rooms; receipts $15 to $lt>
jlally; greatest bargain in this line. IJ.
. . LESS, 765 Market.
A PAVING country hotel for sale. Including
building and lot, 75x150; 26 rooms, bar, par-
" lors, etc; 80 miles from city; lively town; no
■ competition; must be sold; make offer.
LESS, 7'js Market Bt. -':*.'-
SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket St.; value In sight; big bar trade; this
offer means a great sacrifice. M. LESS, 705
Market f=t.
$3200— THE best fitted up, and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Call
building; Brst-Claas custom: no better busi-
ness offer In the market; Investigate at once;
this Is a chance of a life time. WILKE, 753
Market st.
$400 SALOON; average dally receipts $10; rent
$25: 2 doors from Montgomery St.; a bargain.
WILKE. 7^3 Market ht.
$150 BRANCH bakery and notions ir. the Mis-
sion; large school trade; 3 living rooms; low
rent. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market et.
i CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
kept by present owner for years and doing
a {rood paying business; rare change: fullest
Investigation glv»n. WILKE. 753 Market st.
$1250— OLD-ESTABLISHED close to
banks and leading hotels; average dally re-
ceipts $22; rent $50, lease; no night work;
actual value $2000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 783 Market st.
A— SSSO— HOTEL with good bar; 10. furnished
rooms; dining room. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st.
A— s2so; confectionery and icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO 4 CO.. '22'/,
Geary st.
$225- SALOON; fine corner; side entrance; eas-
ily worth $600; receipts $15 daily. KREDO
& CO.
A— sl6o; dining-room; 80 steady boarders; no
rent; don't miss It. KREDO & CO., 22H
Geary st.
DRY goods, stationery, bakery, near
school $350
Branch bakery; 3 rooms furnished 75
Partner for Alaska; owns ship 1000
Saloon, worth $3500; fine corner .■ 1300
■ Meat market. Western Addition 1000
Restaurant, Market and East 400
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$1500— GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market: departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Keamy st.
$400-SALOON: bargain; leaving for Klondike.
Mclaughlin & co., 23 Keamy st.
$•.50; WELL- PAYING corner grocery and
bar.
$200— For a good-paying saloon.
— One-half interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in light business; eas-
ily learned; no previous experience required;
trial given; suited to plain, steady man sat-
isfied with $15 to $25 a week. 724 1 * Market
St., room 17.
ON account of going to the mines, grocery and
bar- for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner
Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts.
$800— GROCERY for sale; full value In sight;
good horse and wagon; fair trade. Address
Grocer, box SL Call office.
$1)0 IN cash and $100 In monthly payments; a
restaurant, with 20 beds, near the new ferry
dej>ot. Call at 7 Clay el,
BARB attention— A first-class furnished
shop to rent cheap; good location. Inquire
at 1301 Valencia Bt.
$s<»— Manufacturing business for sale at a bar-
gain on account of going East; must sell,
p., box 3, Oakland.
DRUG store for sale; good location; good trade;
easy rent; cheap for cash. Address D., box
4. Call office.
SHOE shop, enough work for two. including
patching machine; price $50. 145 Second st.
54CK> — SALOON on Market, worth double; trans-
fer corner. R. P., box 64, Call office.
CIGAR, tobacco, cutlery and stationey. 2907
Sixteenth, near Howard, or will sell half in-
terest to satisfactory parties: cheap; slight
improvements to be made; 4 living-rooms.
PALACE Bakery for sale: doing a good busi-
ness m the town of Salinas; owner retiring
to ko East. • treat P. O. box 245. Salinas.
$400— Hakery: store trade $10 to $12 day; good
outf-i.ie route; owner obliged to leave city.
q Appty Call Office.
LADY wishes honest gentleman partner with
»50DJ for the country. Particulars at 33 Sixth
Bt:, room i".
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL i: CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St. :
GROCERY and bar. 4 living rooms, to rent.
Cor Hermann and Stevenson sts.
RESTAURANT and bar for Bale. Apply 107
.Berry st., near Third.
FOR sale — Icecream, candy and notion store,
'337 Sixth ft.: no agents.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very best
town across the bay; located on corner of
two of the most prominent streets; practically
-without opposition in its neighborhood; pos-
itively clearing $200 to $250 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offers his business at
a great sacrifice on account of departure
north: no reasonable offer refused. J. C. B
box 12, Call office. Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; a
bargain; investigate. 249 Fourth st.
CORNER saloon In manufacturing portion of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocer}' and bar for sale;
very reasonable; owner has to leave for
Europe. Address box 2859. Call office.
1562 FIFTEENTH— Grocery store for sale
Cheap; 3 living rooms; low rent.
$250— PARTNER wanted In a first-class res-
taurant that will pay $75 to each; this is a
chance for a good man. Apply B. CURRAN
S!6S Minna at.
AN old established corner grocery and bar*
best in city. SCULLY & SON. 420 Sacra-
mento St.
FOR sale— $1500; grocery and bar In fine loca-
tion; well stocked: rent $30. For particulars
Inquire W. A. SCHULTZ & SONS. 623 Front.
REFINED business lady wishes^ gentleman
partner; small capital. Rm. 1. 111 Geary st. j
CIGAR stand for sale; stock and fixtures, 131
Ftxth Bt.
. ELEVENTH, 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PATENTS-SMITH ft OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents: established 18C2. 319 Pine at., city.
DENTISTS.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction 50c-
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings. $1 up : '
silver. 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1
up; our crown and bridge work is the besf i
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to l'
869 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes!
A FULL set of teeth. $6; painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
■bridge work; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, IS Third st.
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted tan years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
■ our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up: silver
fillings. 250 up; gold crowns. $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
897 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made? old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; trading 50c; gas given. ,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction -and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
SIS Market St., Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and P. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., Cth floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St. .
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1941 Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, niort-
gagea, copartnership, bllla-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, S6O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ELEVENTH. 106—Branch office of The Call;
■ übecrlptlons and want ads taken.
TYPE WKl'i ERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
priceH. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
YOST, food order, $25; Fend for sample work.
KCOTT *. IiAXHAN. 333 Montgomery st.
ENTERPRISES.
TO MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS—
The advertiser has got a steamer that he
will send to St. Michael on or about the sth
of June. You will save time and money on
through rates to Circle City or Dawson by
sending your address to Freight, box 8883,
Call office.
DREDGING privileges for sale on Canadian
rivers in the Klondike by a company owning
the largest number of claims of any company
in the Northwest. C. P. DEYOE, Agent, Oc-
cidental Hotel. • ■ ; .
WANTED— A part-wr with from $5000 to $10,000
to join another that has four times the above
amount to engage In a very profitable busi-
ness on the Yukon. T. P., box BSB4, Call.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths. plui..bers and
pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Micnul. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building. San Fran.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, 'jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
CARLOAD of work and business horses. 426
Valencia st. ; -'■ -
$2?O— FIP.ST-CLASS ticket to Dawson. Box
2SC9, Call office.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or fiver steamers, palling vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros lor sale.
Hornn Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 610 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Fillmore st.
lipiii.i 1 .. HOUSES FOR SALE.
60 ROOMS, corner house: bay windows $2000
16 rooms; sunny corner: offer wanted —
10 rooms; 8 steady boarders: snap 275]
15-room house: new furniture: price only. 30*1 ;
>23-room house; corner on Fifth st 800
22-room house; new and good 750 :
?5 rooms; rent $2"f>; good furniture 2300 '
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100 j
12 rooms, on O'Farrell: clears $50 500 \
21 rooms: new and good 050 >
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22% Geary. 1
! 48 rooms; best In city $2,000 :
I 17 rooms, near Plaza: always full 650 '
I 15 rooms, near Market: rent $45 300 ■■
1 14 rooms; Golden Gate; snap 400 i
j 10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200 i
7 rooms, all rented; olear3 $15 150 !
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— sl6oo; 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; bent
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO & CO. '
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 9 rooms; cheap rent.
866 Mission st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. \
$176—12 rooms; all full; good-paying roomers. '
340 Third St. '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furnished flat of 6 sunny rooms;
cheap: rent $15. 235 Sanchez st. : no agents.
$275— BUYER for furniture in elegant 6-room
flat. 970 Post st.
NEWLY furnished house of 5 rooms: a bar- !
grain; going away. Box 2311. Call office.
— - - j
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. .Bargains •
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and '
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. ;
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and TLJrteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented, $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano ...". 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others st all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market; agts
for the celebrated Decker 1 & Son pianos. ■
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mau=y. Newby. Evans. !
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 303, 310, 312 Post st.
$55— UPRIGHT piano In good condition; $5 i
down, $3 per month. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 i
Sutter st.
ON account of departure: upright; new; stand-
ard make; sacrifice. 1021 Van Ness aye., r. 25. !
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price: $2 per month up* !
'apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis Bt. |
AN elegant upright piano, slightly used, half i
price. Room 12. Flood building. ,
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar- '
gain. X 3, 120 A Eddy St.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre- '
cedented success. 216 Poet st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. !
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. h7 |
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY. 627, cor. Clay-Open until 8:30 !
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip- I
tions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100, |
$1 75 per 50; Golden Gate. California, Marie
Louise and Swanley White. $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 |
feet hf-rh, from 2R cents to $1 25 each: shrubs 1
In variety: dahlias a specialty. 5 cents each, '
50 cents per dozen: seeds for sale from finest j
strains; special rates to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower. Colma, San Mateo County;
take' San Mateo electric car.
BOILERS,- engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc- I
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers; almost
pert ; cheap. 1815 Mission st.
5 FURNISHED rooms and bath. 527 Park
aye.. East Oakland.
LADIES' wheel for sale; In good condition;
price $26. 527 Park aye.. East Oakland.
SAN JOAQUIN windmill for sale, 1{ ft., and a
3000 tank. 527 Park aye., East Oakland.
FOR sale— Large long-haired dog for ■ the
Klondike. 741 A Thirteenth st.
FOR sale— Motor: 4V4 horse-power. A. MA-
THIEU, 328 Bush st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 664 Mission st
$25—500 EGG incubator, good as new. 1808 Wood
St., Oakland.
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoll table, 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 767 Harrison st. "
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
.10c: Bxlo and 10x12, Be: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c:
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 460 : 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
lng.all colors.lc ft;open eve. Jones.s4" Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, . coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
• office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps* engine and boiler
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE, Architects, 55 Flood building. •-. .
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
CORNER ' grocery and bar; chance for live
man. Box 2578, Call office. ■
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 518 Mission at.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0.,527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 1 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all 1
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
rjRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $r, per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baolgalupl, 933-948 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe. cheap. 102 Clay st. ■
BARS, showcases, » counters, ' ' shelving," - : etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
61. . LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scrlptlons and want ads taken.
. SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. . 20 Fourth st. .. , '
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN i '■ — —
You see houses to : rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. :.
HYDE. 609, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; investigate.
$S— HOUSE 5 rooms, in fine order; healthy;
cheap. 1567 Kearny St., near Greenwich. .
13-ROOM. new modern houee, with all con-
veniences; good central location; all sunny,
nicely decorated rooms; rent $50; gas grates,
gas range, carpets and furniture for sale at
half cost; owner leaving city. Address East-
ern, box 4, Call office. '--■--'■
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero st.
LOVELY new sunny finely furnished house;
10 rooms; very desirable; reference ex-
changed. Apply 2516 Pine St., Ito 4 p. m.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath, large base-
ment; rent $14; 804 Potrero aye.; cottage of
6 rooms and bath, large basement; rent $20;
2915 Bush at. ■-
SUNNY cottages* of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
TO Rent— Modern cottage, 1813 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON. 48 Market st.
MARKET, 4— Branch of lice of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; laundry; cellar; op-
posite Lurline Baths; sun all day. 1212 Larkln.
A— s2s GEARY-ST. flats reduced to $18.
A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced to $10. >
A— house, $32. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
BOWIE aye., 3, off Eleventh, near Howard-
Lower flat 4 rooms; bath, gas and tubs.
CLAY, 1633, cor. Polk— s22 50; sunny bay- Win-
dow flat, 6 rooms, I bathroom.
FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; 523 McAllister St., between Van
Ness aye. and Franklin st. Apply at 623
Golden Gate aye.
FLAT. 4 rooms; sun all day; $10. 7ft Bernard
St., near Taylor. ,
LINDEN AYE., 331—4 rooms and bath. Apply
328 Fell st. ' • •■'...
NINETEENTH. 3954. near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free. . . ■
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 If you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY flat. 4 large rooms. 1121 Vallejo St.,
near Leavenworth.
TWENTIETH, 3456, near Capp— To let, new flat
of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments; also flat of 4 rooms and bath. 8442
Twentieth, near Capp.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms, bath: sanitary plumbing.
19 Ewlng pi., bet. Post & Sutter, off Leguna.
WASHINGTON. 1704, near Polk— 50; sunny
bay-window flat, 6 rooms and bathroom.
$15— Lower flat 3 rooms. 22 Derby place, off
Taylor, bet. Geary and Post.
$18— PINE, 1627»i. between Van Ness aye. and
Franklin — Lower flat. 6 rooms and bath.
DAVID STERN & SONS. 20 Montgomery st.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms,
bath. 624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A HANDSOME middle flat; every convenience;
piano: garden. 1517 Golden Gate aye.
PACIFIC aye., 2411 A, near Fillmore— Furnished
flat; references required. ..■.-•_.,. ,-:^- .
WEBSTER, SooB— Sunny corner flat and cot-
tage; complete for housekeeping; also un-
furnished cottage.
FLATS WANTED-
WANTED— or middle flat of 3 nice light
sunny rooms, between Harrison, Market,
Third and Sixth sts.; rent $10 or $12. Ad-
dress H. W. L., box 42, Call office. .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT, 329— Two furnished rooms, with
kitchen, pantry, bath; conveniences for '
housekeeping.
BROADWAY, 1229—3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; first-class; Ist floor.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 or 4 housekeeping rooms;
large sunny yard; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 604—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.- - ...-,. I
EDDY, 917— Sunny, nicely furnished connecting i
housekpg rms.; gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
' Subscriptions and ads taken.
ERIE, — 4 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FELL. 452— Nice sunny front room, furnished,
for 2, with kitchen; quiet place; cheap.
FIFTH. 322-2 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 326—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one, $7; double parlors, kitchen, $23.
FIFTEENTH, 2136, north at 3 Market— 3 or 4 !
pleasant housekeeping rooms, furnished or !
unfurnished, in cottage: adults; Castro cable. j
FOLSOM, 974— Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap. '
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms ■ complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences; $14 per mo. i
GEARY, Large sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; all conveniences; nice yard.
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Sunny room, gas, bath,
complete for housekeeping, $10.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
HOWARD, 511—2 rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent cheap. I
HOWARD, Nicely furnished rooms, com- I
plete for housekeeping; first floor.
HOWARD, 1214—2 large sunny furnished house- I
keeping rooms, rent $12; single rooms, $5. '
LARKIN, 1013%— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished.
MISSION, 829—2 housekeeping rooms, $10;
neatly furnished. : ::> ;;.;::%r-
MISSION. 1063— Front bay-window rooms; office
or housekeeping; gas; others for housekeepng.
MISSION. 17I:",4. near Thirteenth— Two sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath: laun-
dry; $S.
MONEY ■on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
OAK. 48— $7; bedroom, kitchen, pantry, closet;
first floor; unfurnished; yard.
OCTAVIA, 2519—3 unfurnished rooms, front and
sunny: rent $15. •
O'FARRELL, 431— Suite of sunny furnished
. rooms for housekeeping; no children.
SHIPLEY, 232—2 suites sunny housekeeping !
rooms. $6 and $7 per month. .
SUITE of two nice front sunny housekeeping i
rooms; folding bed In kitchen; bedroom suit i
to match in bedroom; furniture all new; $3 I
per week; suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply !
at shoe store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and
Second sts. •/
THREE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
ing at 1186 Folsom at.
TURK, 643—2 sunny furnished rooms, complete
"' for housekeeping; gas and bath; $15.
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; .$l2 per month.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 DO, i postage
- ■ free. - ■ ..•■■■■■-■■- ■■■.-.■,
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping. •
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable •
Com. Transfer - Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of 'city,'' 23c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable. .
AT the ■ Oxford, 231 O'Farrell. elegantly fur-
nished rooms, • suites and single, day or mo.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references : given. •
BUSH, 717— Large sunny room; well fur-
nished; light housekeeping; all conveniences-
slo a month. : , , ••
BUSH, 728— Sunny bay-window . rooms, fur-
nished; apply bet. 6 and 8 p. m.; gentlemen.
CENTRAL House, 62 Good family dk single
rms.; day, 25, 60c; wk., $1 25. $2 50; mo.. $5 up.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis Ft., corner Mason— Sunny
single rooms and suites; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1131 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $3 and $10 mo. : nice suites. |
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per nlcht. '
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families. T- ,
EDDY, Very desirable sunny front room
lower, floor;. bath;. gas; clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office .of The Call
■ Subscriptions an/1 ads taken. .;,.,'--
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
, rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
FA OAKS.". 94, , above ;: Guerrero— Sunny front
; furnished room, $4, or 1 unfurnished. • ; .;. r. ,
ROOMS TO. LET— Continued.
FELL, 219— Front sunny suite, with bath-
newly furnished. - . '
FOLSOM, 1103— Large front double bay-win"
dow room, suitable for 2 gentlemen. ;; r ;\, ;
FRANKLIN, Nicely furnished sunny cor.
. room; bath, gas; quiet fam.; very reasonable. ■
GEARY, Large sunny bay-window suite-
other rooms;; housekeeping privileges. . ...-■■,; -
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 738— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms, running water; bath.
HAVES, 817— 2. or 3 unfurnished rooms; run-
ning water; use of bath. V ' ■ ■
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up. j
LARKIN, 1200— Sunny furnished front rooms In
■• ' private family, $4 per month and upward;
board If desired. ■ xV-.'" '-■>
LASKIE. 9%, between Eighth and Ninth, off
Mission— Clean furnished room, $3 per month.
MASON, 511— Single, Bunny front room; gas
and bath; private family. '. ■ . - ■ .
McALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 a week. ■
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
1 watches. ■ Uncle Harris, . 15 Grant . aye.
I MISSION, 1053—2 or 8 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano; American family.
I NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— rooms, $1 60
$4 50 wk., $6 to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
OAK, Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and, sB mo.; euitable for 2; nice location.
1 O'FARRELL, 327— Furnished or unfurnished,
large, and single front rooms; reasonable.
OFARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $3 and $10. \
POLK. Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite, with piano; desirable for music teacher.
POST, Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. •-;■ •
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished . and unfurnished. |
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European ele-
gant rms; suite, single; day, week, month:
baths: hot and cold water; transient; elev'tr.
I SIXTH, 119 A, cor, Minna (The Piedmont)—
Nicely furnished modern sunny front rooms.
STEVENSON. 79. next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let. '
STOCKTON, 242— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza; suites, single; baths; by day or mo.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate.
TURK. Newly furnished sunny suite; new
building; references. ■
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms; $6 mo. up; housekp If desired.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
I Call. ■ Sent to any address In the United
I States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ■.■--,■
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
j COLUMBIA Square, 24, opp. Folsom-st. Park-
Room and board, $18.
• FELL. 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2 $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
; FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite;, exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GEARY, 924 — Sunny rooms; modern house;
first-class board; select neighborhood. 'Phone
Sutter 2061.
HYDE, 925- Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single' rooms;* first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month "up.
LELAND Hall, Palo Alto, box 115— Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board;
pleasant surroundings; terms reasonable. ".
I SOUTH PARK. Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER, 1116— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; overlooking garden; baths.
VAN NESS aye., Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished;, with board.
VERY deslrnhle rooms, en suite and single,
with board. in a beautiful new and sunny
flat on Van Ness aye. L. 8.. box 20, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— One or two children to board: refer-
| ences. Address R. S., box 76, Call office.
WANTED — to board; best of care; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister st. "~
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
■ mother's ' care j references. 234 V .' Sixth : at.
I . ~
STORES TO LET.
MARKET. 37— Half of store; with or without
basement.
BARN to let— BW.- cor. Hyde and Filbert: 25x
70; *ult. for coal yard. RABIN. 413 Kearny.
LEAVENWORTH, 1525. cor. of Pacific—
and 2 rpomSj rent reduced. ' '. ;^
STABLES TO LET.
TO RENT— A stable for livery or dairy busi-
ness. 445 Valencia st.
EDUCATIONAL.
j HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
j ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
I es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1190
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: accredited !
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYII!:S' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
I bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
j ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
i BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, '855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
- instruments' taught' by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth St., . .
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, me^h. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
fist. iNL VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 2107^4— Piano teacher; studied In
Paris; terms reasonable; best references. •.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, pkino, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
887 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■■-. - . '
HORSES.
JUST arrived— so i horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard Bt. ; auction every Tuesday.
; HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sola, ex-
j changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
! WANTED— 6O old donkeys free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. • SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer-.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Bent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
. .-frf .;:■'•; V-- -.-:• ■ "■' - ■" ' ■■■■'■■ ■■ '■■ -
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
J-SEATED Job leather top business wagon;
Shaw trotting cart. SHAW'S. 1621 Market.
FOR Bale— Fine road buggy and harness; nearly
■'. new; $75. 723 ; Cole at. -- . ■;- ;
FOR ; sale— horse and buggy. 4109 Twenty-
fourth. St. ',- , .'_:■■ -' ■" -..:.-
FAMILY carriage with harness, good as new,
$175. Address box 2E63. Call office.^ '
FINE laundry., baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. ■.-■ . ■
i CARPER CLEANING. •
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eight > gt.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send •to ■' SHAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
:-. beating Works. 863-57 ; Tehama St.; tel. 80. 40.
•ADVANCE Carpet " Cleaning Co., 402 - Sutter;
v tel. . Main 394. r . GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. -WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
\ ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
- STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. .
GREAT Eastern ' Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works.' 14 Bth st. ■ B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
•-i st. ; . cleaning. Sc. a yard; tel. Mission 74. j;.;,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 3SS Golden
. Gate aye.; tel. East 126. « ;. ,
_ ; ,, l .. . . LOST.
LOST— Bunch of keys. - Return Builders' Ex-
..• change; reward and thanks of owner. ';.^'-J : ;, . :\
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS. le Grant .»ve. , , ,:,.«_.
__ [\'\ ■_ .-'--;' PERSONALS. I ' ' . ;;'"'' ." ' V ;' ,' ]
YOUNG Christian man would like the ac-
quaintance of a young Christian lady; view.
matrimony. Box 9899. Call office. .--"'"'
' MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-;
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
NO-VINO. Dr. .Terhune' s Infallible cure ; for
drunkenness; given secretly .and at home,
absolutely harmless. inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
■ Mich. ;- : -.-■ ■■ ■ ;.- ■ ; - ..'.--
MY patrons are sure of having their hair
dressed in '■ the latest fashion, 25c; good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 60; extra
heavy, long, $5. ■ Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
A SUCCESSFUL treatment for wrinkles; trial
given; electricity given for falling of ■ the
. hair. Hairdreesing Parlors, 9% Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue. " , . /
QUINONIA is a perfect hair tonic and harm-
. leas. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st., Oakland. Cal. ,
MUSIC furnished for all occasions; brass ox
ssing. Box 2612. Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. . nr. Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; {1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, . photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay st.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEL'HAUS & CO., 115 Kearny Bt.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.'
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
TRUNKS moved. 26c. Commercial Transfer
. Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order, on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market »t.. bet. 7th and gth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO" Ladies' French" Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. ■-. . ■
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
!15 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 88.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
.remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
j . and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. in. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market at., opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 833 Howard St.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can read your
thoughts; tell Just what you want to know;
if in bad luck she will change It for you;
. letters promptly answered; enclose stamps.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
. all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 221 Sixth at. -
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2Sc up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls; advice; help. 923 Post.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Lea vnwth.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-413 Jackson st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MADAM"MOXTAGUE~win 'hold~meetlng"at
■Washington Hall, opposite Tiv >li, this even-
ing at 8 o'clock; questions answered and read.
AT 111 Larkln St.. People's Spirtualist Society
at 8 o'clock; good talent; admission free. ;
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materializing seances
Wed., Fri. and Sun.. evenings. 322 O'Farrell.
MEDIUMS' Ass'n te=i meeting to-night. Mrs.
Robinson, Finnican, Place. 897 Market st.
MAUD FOSTER, fortune, teller; ladles and
gentlemen, 25c.- 34 Sixth St., ■ room' 8. . '
MRS. ,T. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 218.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st.. room 3.
MISS MELVILLE, the great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921% Mission; German spoken.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve.. 8 p. m.; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght St. ■ '
HYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE Sng. Therapeutics, 247 Larkln; sci-
ences; hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg.;
classes Mon.,Thur. cv. Mrs. Dr.Turman.pres.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
.of San Francisco, State of California— the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate. ■ ■ ■
. Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California;
- made on the 2ist day; of March, 1898, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased,: the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix. of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. .F. PRESTON, ESQ
" 1004-1007 Claus' Spreckels building, San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title. Interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all me right, title and
Interest that the estate has. • by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
TERRILL at the time of his death, in and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which ■; is bounded -by a line ■ com-
mencing at the ■ southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, - being the point
of intersection of ■ the . southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
• lencia street, and ' running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (76) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (BO) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line . parallel' with Valencia street, twenty-
five (26) feet to a point ; thence -at a right
angle westerly on a line ; parallel . with Her-
mann '- street,, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point : In the easterly i line - of . Elgin - Park •
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line or Elgin. Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point In the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as I the said block la
s shown and so designated on the official maD
of said city and county, . together with the
improvements thereon and the appurtenances'
thereof.
ANNIE H. TERRILL, Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased!
Dated, March 26. 1898. - . ueceaaeo.
E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County -Treasury. San Francisco
March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
- ions of section 5 of order 1596 of the Board of
. Supervisors, approved September . 15, lgso
there will be sold at public auction by E s'
i Bpear & Co., at their salesrooms, 81 and 33
.:. Butter street, on .
■ MONDAY. APRIL 18, 1898, ;
At 10 o'clock ft. m.. sundry articles of stolen
lost and .unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of Ban Francisco, as detailed In
an inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of jewelry, : wearing apparel, 7 pis-
G tole, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, * etc., ■ property of deceased • persona
" received from ; the ' Coroner of this city and
county. . Open - for - inspection ■on ' morning -of
sale. , . . ■ A. C. WIDBER. > .
>:'■-'-• City and County. Treasurer.-.
STORAGE.
F^R^lo^e^r^rVtes^o^tc^LOufa "j^ IJeUMAN^
121 Sixth st., open evenings. - : ;. ? ->- v ■';•■■■
.AT ' low ;' Furniture, - carpets,* ■ pianos,
household- goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. .J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1021
Mission at., above Sixth; open evenings. ,
AT lowest ratea— Household goods, pianos; ad-
• vances made; i. fireproof building. P. W.
ZEHFUBS. 840 Mission at. Tel. Mint lgxt ■
:;'■.:■ :.:: : '.': ; l.'.'; physicians. ■■.;.::-:■".:
DR. C C. O' DOisNELL. officT7ind~reßTdence7
[.. 1206 Market; ; diacaaea of women a specialty.
CITY RE ~L ESTATE.
MODERN cottage of 8 rooms and bath, In fine
condition: large basement; $3000. on Install-
ments. 2320 Bryant aye.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
COLNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
.V— slBoo-40 acre-ranch, 500 apricot, peach and
prune trees; few acreß grapes and straw-
berries; acre alfaira; house, barn horses
poultry, furniture; fare $2 40. SPECK & CO
602 Market st.
LOVELY 6-acre orchard home: good buildings;
abundance of pure water, tc. ; best loca-
tion; within 2 miles of Haywards; only 12100
N. D. SICKELS, .he LAND AGENT,
14A Geary st., near Chronicle building.
MILL VALLEY; for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply 52G Turk st.
TEHAMA County. 80 acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
COUNTRY home to let In Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfield; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenar.t. Apply C.
B. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acra.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold— Corner lot, 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $S5 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAOHAN. Sl4 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
$25— EIGHT-room furnished house! 7~rnin^
utes from Clinton station; Haywards electric
car passes door; grounds, orchard, stable;
half block Lake Merrltt; piano. 1311 Fourth
aye.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 6 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
I $3200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
i bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— $150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and hlgn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.
COTTAGES WANTED
A STEADY, quiet city gentleman (no family)
wishes to rent, for the summer or by the
year, a small, nicely furnished cottage with
garden or grounds, in Alameda County: must
be convenient to railroad; not beyond Hay-
wards: term* must be mn<lerate. Address G.
H., box 10, Call Branch Office. Oakland.
UC2RK.ELEY REAL BSSTATife.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house~o7Troom»;
largs lot: street work done: near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Es-
tate. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
| BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRT'ST CO.. 132 Market st.
PROPERTY 1O I.XCHA.NGI'.
2 STORES and 6-room flat: In city $s^ooo
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; In Stockton 3,000
Store and 2 flats; rented fur $61 8,000
4 lots in Mlllbrae; for rash only
Lot in Santa Rose for hardware store.. 500
H. <". DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
PROPERTY to exchange — 6SO acres of grain
; and fruit land in Tehama County, 3V4 miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence in San Francisco in residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
j ramento, Cal.
i WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgagee, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
'. HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lov/est rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; -$25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 18G9.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; low interest Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister at.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamond^ and Jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATH
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.; private rooms.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davtes,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; borne in confinement;
be9t carfi and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
S'.henck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled: 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill: low fees; pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best I
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MKS
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine op
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home I)R
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cauEe): no Instruments used; cure at i
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 6. I
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; send
zc stamp for particulars to Peguro Manu-
_facturing Co., SSI X et., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRB. ELY, late of Ohio, 71 Fourth St.— Ladles'
sure cure; any all: care at office, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 264H Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo^
men and children.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. Ml 6 Bth St., Alameda.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were granted
yesterday: ■ ■■ : ■ ' "^ ■;;
A. J. Walters and Harriet S. Phillips. 27-23.
W. H. Levings and Nellie L. Walker, 24-21.
William Miller and Ruby W. Davis, 40-23.
Samuel James and Mary Robinson, 39-30.
Frank A. Wallin and Henrietta Huston, 32-19.
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. . They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the stone pub-
lished.
BORN.
CONNELL-In this city. March 31, 18C8, to the
wife of Dan Connell, a son.
GUSTAFSON— March 8, IS9B, to the wife of
Captain Lars A. Gustafson, a daughter.
DARRIMORE— In this city, April 4. 1898,.t0,tha
wife of Henry G. Darrimore, a daughter. ■ I
GRENELL— ApriI 3, IS9B, to the wife of Fred
Grenell, a son.. .
HARLOW— In North Temescal, April 5, 1898,
to the wife of W. B. Harlow, a son.
INGRAM— In East Oakland. April 4, 1898, to
' the wife of C. Ingram, a daughter.
MAGGIO— March 25,' 1898, to the wife of F.
Magglo, a son. '.'•.': ".
ROZA— In Santa Clara, April 3, IS9B, to the
wife of Joseph Roza, a son. J
SHIRLEY— In Santa Clara, April 2. 1898, to the
wife of Joseph Shirley, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PERRY— ApriI 2. 1898, by the Rev.
'■ William Rader, Henry Behrens and Mrs.
Jennie A. Perry, both of San Francisco.
HEBER— EVANS— In San Bernardino, I March
27,1898. by Justice Soule, Fred C. Heber and
Mary E. Evans.
HAWLEY— In San Bernardino, March
27, lS9S,by Justice Knox, Joseph Lague and
Mary J. Hawley.
PRESCOTT— BARRET— Redlands, March 26,
IS9S, by the Rev. W. F. Harper, Major Frank
C. .Prescott and. Mrs. Henrietta P. Barret..
DIED.
Aagaard, Hakon ' " Griggs, Ensigne B. :
Antlpas, Mary , Hlckey, John
Bennlnghoven, A. ' Koenig, Moritz
Blenis. Jemlmah Muller, Fred J. W. ;
Bole, David ■ , Powell, John A. ; : ' ■
Bonar, James S. Schultz, Mrs. Marie
Chide, Kataro N. Shilling, Charles L. ;
Colman, Morris • Tamm, John ip:?;«?'
Corbett, Sarah C. Westergren, Anton ■
Crasp, George E. White, Mary S. '
Cummings, John Zifferer, Franz J. ■
Graser, Dorothea . . : fil
AAGAARD— In this city, April 5, 1898. Hakon,
beloved brother of Olaf Aagaard, a native,
of Norway, aged 34 years and 18 days.
E?"Notlce of funeral hereafter. • ■ ■
ANTIPAS— this city, April 4, 1898, Mary,
beloved daughter of Vascilles and Anna An-
tipas, a native of Greece, aged 10 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, ■ thence to the Rus«
slan Cathedral, Powell street, near Filbert,
where services will be held at 10 o'clock. In*
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. • '-.'-■:■: .-.■• ■ ■',■
I BENNINGHOVEN— In this city, April 5, 1898,
Arnold, dearly beloved son of Herrmann
and Bertha Bennlnghoven. and brother of
Walter, .Ruth and Herbert Bennlnghoven, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 7
days.  - • . . .
BLENIS— In this city, April 4, 1898, Jemimah
Blenis, beloved ' mother of Mrs. Upham and
Robert Brown of New York, a native of Can-
ada, aged 68 years 2 months and 12 days. I •
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
: (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2000 McAllister street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. ■ .
BOLE— In this city, April 5, 1898, David Bole,
a native of Mayo, Ireland, . aged .63 years 2
months and 6 days. (Reno, New, papers
. please copy.) .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited I to attend the luneral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
residence of his niece, Mrs. Edw. Deering,
205 Steiner street. Interment private. •"
BONAR— In "Edenvale, April 3, IS9B, James S.
. Bonar, a native of Ohio, ascd 7C years . 10
months and 10 days.
CHIDE— Near San Jose, April 2, 1898, Kataro
N. Chide, a native of East India, ■ ated '28
years. \ " } ;
COLMAN— In this city. April 4. IS9S, Morris,
beloved father of Jerome and Meta Colman,
a native of Peysern, Poland, aged 62 years.
ETTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and
\ A. M. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train lrom Third and Town-
send streets.
CORBETT— ApriI 5, 1898. Sarah Cecelia Cor-
. bett, beloved mother of Mary and Katie, Mrs.
T. P. . Fitzpalrick and Mrs. Allen P. Net-
tleten, a native of County Galway, . Ireland,
aged 65 years. ' . ■ ■
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 815 Filbert
street. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land. "■ ■
CRASP— In this city, March 31. 1898, George
E., dearly beloved husband of Lottie, and
father of Edna Crasp, ' a native of Texas,
aged 26 years 4 months and 7 days.
CUMMINGS— In the City and County Hospital,
April 5, 1898, John Cummings, a native of Ire-
land, aged 43 years. ■ '■ ■
GRASER— In East Berkeley, April 5. 1898.
Dorothea Graser, beloved mother of Anna G.
Graser, a native of Hamburg. Germany, aged
72 years 8 months and 25 dan. . ; .
GRIGGS— In Fruitvale, Alameda County, April
• 3, 1898. Enslgne 8., husband of the late Mary
E. Griggs, and father of Charles E. Griggs,
a native of Illinois, aged 82 years and 115
days.
HICKEY— In this city, April 5, 1898, at St.
Mary's Hospital, John Hlckey, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 78 years. .
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ..
KOENIG— In this city, April 4, 1898. Morits,
dearly . beloved husband of Anna Koenig, and
father of Anita Koenig, a native of ■ Ann-
etadt, Germany, aged 46 years and 9 months.
A member of Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H., and Deutscher Krieger Verelh.
ItyNotlce of funeral ■ hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
sion st.
MULLER— this city, April 4, 1898, Fred J.
W.V dearly beloved- husband of Louise Muller,
and father of Fred. Rena and George Muller,
a native of Westphalen, Germany, aged 49
yars 7 months and 2 days. . A member of
Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., Gesell-
schaft Teutonia and Mission Turn Verein.
(Sonoma and Napa County papers please
copy.)
(CTFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 122 Cumberland street, between
Guerrero and Dolores, Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth, thence by electric funeral-car from
Guerrero and . Cumberland streets at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn ; Cemetery.
POWELL— In this city. April .. 1898. John Ar-
thur Powell, . son of Madame Soldene, a na-
t ive of England, aged 23 years. .  ,: .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this ■ day
■■• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Golden .Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first. Inter-
tiient Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral-car. . '
BCHI'LTZ— In this city, April 4, 1898, Mrs.
Marie Schultz, ; dearly beloved mother of An-
ton, Arnold and Henry Lemkau, a native of
. Sledenburg. Hanover, Germany, aged ' 50
years and 10 days." (New York ' and Brooklyn
papers please copy.) ?<r}gSt*SSiB%)Lt '■ ■' '■■ -"-
(£7 The funeral services • will be held
this I day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, - at ' the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.". •• 1209 ■ Mission
street, near Eighth. ■ Interment private. -
SHILLING— : this city, Aprjl 5. 1898, Charles
■ L., beloved • and only son -of Pauline Shil-
ling, brother of Mrs. R. L. David, brother-
in-law of R. L. - David, and nephew of Levi
Shilling, a native of San Francisco, aged 35
years 1 month and 30 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
'■■■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
x (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late'
residence. 512 Jessie street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train -
from Third and Townsend streets. ••
TAMM— In this city. John Tamm, beloved
■ brother of Hermann and Henry Tamm. a na-
tive of New York, aged 30, years 3 months and
13 days. * * '.' - ' '• ' '■% ■
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
WESTERGREN— In the City and County Hos- '
.: pital, April 6. 1898. Anton Emanuel Wester-
gren, a native of Sweden, aged 34 ■■•ears. . .
WHITE— April 4, 1898. Mary S., beloved daugh-
ter of Emilie and the late; William Stewart
White, sister of John, Frederick. Arthur and
Isabel White, and- granddaughter-- of .Mrs.
Mary ■ Ann Mew, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 15 years 10 months and 23 days. .
ZIFFERER— In this city, April 4, 1898, Franz
"J., beloved husband of Marie Zifferer. a na-
tive of Austria, aged 49 years. . •.,/■•■ "
(ET Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street. Interment . Masonic
' Cemetery. ■■■ ; '•.>''•;■'''• ■/■'•*:*;• J ■'iV^'frH-:
I"™^^"mcAVoy & gallagher!™^"F
FUNERAL DIBECTOHS & EMBALMEBS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
: • - Telephone, South 80. '■' ' ' I
H. b. m "a Toy. Manager. *, • s v.-- • ■
MCAVOY A CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
. ■:-■■■ 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. |
:.• -. Telephone: South 247.' - I
' Ettab. ISSB. j ; :' , . ' . Tel. 'South 47.
CRAIG & GOCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and L'mbnlrners,
■: ■; 22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us*
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance
1112
DEATH ENDS
A MARRIAGE
OF A WEEK
Police Investigating: the
Strange Demise of Mrs.
Vidal Cervantes.
Remarkable Conduct of Her Hus=
band and a Woman Said to
Be His Former Wife.
Out In Laurel Hill Cemetery i« a
newly made gTave. To-day the fresh
cod will be torn up and the casket re
moved, by direction of the police, for
they are working on a mystery as deep
and dark as was ever brought to their
notice.
The silent occupant of the grave was
known in life as Vidal Messa, or Cer
vantes, and the breaking into her last
home is done in order to clear away, if
possible, the mystery of her death.
Murder is the theory the officers are
working on and should this theory be
correct the case will prove one of the
most sensational in the criminal records
of the city.
The scene of the tragedy— if such it
Is — was laid in the heart of the Latin
quarter, a localit- that has yielded all
too many such mysteries, the central
figures being people of the lowest
type.
Vidal Messa had been a familiar
figure to the denizens of Hinckley and
Pinckney alleys, both in the shadow
of the gloomy old County Jail on
Broadway. Fat, no longer fair and on
the seamy side of the half-century
mark, the woman made her home at IS
Pinckney street, together with Hans
Neilson, her companion and confiden
tial agent. H.e it was who nursed her
through many hours of suffering when
she lay gasping for breath from fre
quent attacks of asthma, while each
day he made the rounds of il*e dens of
vice that belonged to her and levied on
the occupants the tortionate tribute
demanded by his ■ istress, but one de
gree removed from the shame into
which they had sunk.
Faithfully Neilson performed his
duties, and steadily the woman's pos
sessions increased. Property in other
parts of the town in less despicable
lons passed into her name and un
ceasingly grew the store of gold cred
ited to her in bank. The little '. og that
Invariably bung at her belt always con
tained Bey sral hundred dollars, while
costly Jewels sparkled on her puffy
hands and :it her deep-lined throat.
Sh'- had :i passion for costly attire,
and the closeta of her Pinokney street
home contained no less than forty-six
dresses, including heaviest satins and
brocades, and at least a dozen tri
umphs of the milliner's art.
While she suffered greatly at times
from her malady, Vidal Messa never
believed herself to be in danger and
the simple remedies supplied by her
faithful friend, Neilson, invariably re
lieved her in a. short time.
For nearly four years Xeilson had
served Vidal as friend and protector,
when to hi? astonishment one day last
month she disappeared. It was on the
21st, two weeks ago, and she did not
return that night. The following day,
however, Vidal walked into the
Pinckney-street house and announced
to Neilson that she was married — had
married one Florentino Cervantes.
Mrs. Cervantes did not appear to be
as happy as a bride is expected to be,
and later whe.i an acouaintance called
upon her she burst into tears, and said
ehe did n<>t know she had been mar
ried, that she had no recollection of the
ceremony having been performed, but
that Cervantes and some of his frienda
had induced her to drink heavily and it
was whilo she was in that condition
that the ceremony must have taken
place.
She told Neilson that they had pass
ed that nisjht at 636 Vallejo street, be
tween Montgomery avenue and Stock
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
■<$/ "* ££yf*£to*« Cupid breaks his
f£l£ i '*?iX3' bmv at the blotches.
&T i^*?t» a face full of pir-
n-S.^ w/'^jjples and blotches.
■3f r*r\ js^?£iwi3 Hollow cheeks,
""£"■«?#« sunken eyes, and a
4&s \ V «hi**^» Ballow complexion
sEsbft \\T»tfifoW& will defy h ' s best
*5w6Q AV**2s> intentions. Beauty
%tB«ir**sv^ \ ' 9 more J^ an - ski n
~SB3\^_ lJ^2 !1 deep. The skin is
~* r \£?i*fu / »<? merely the surface
V>» Vll iSL' *W \ » on which is written
'^^g^gr^U>4j» I" in plain characters
V* f — -ZlSfr^k v the condition of the
k.> i3$%?%K-^:body. The skin is
"—^L^JKS' not a thing by itself,
and skin diseases are frequently not skin
diseases at all. All the lotions and bleaches
and creams and powders in the world won't
make a good complexion if the digestion is
wrong. If the stomach is sour, and the
liver torpid, and the bowels constipated,
the skin will show it. No use trying to
treat the skin for such a condition. The
only way to relieve it is to cleanse the sys-
tem ana purify the blood. As long as the .
heart is pumping impurities to every part
of the body, just so long these impurities
will show through the skin.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
is good for the complexion because it
makes the whole body healthy — because it
clears and purifies the blood, makes the
digestion strong and clears out impurities
of all kinds. By increasing the ability to
assimilate nutritious food, and by the in-
fusion of its own ingredients, it enriches
the blood and bo makes solid, healthy flesh.
It fills out the hollows, rubs out wrink-
les and substitutes for sallowness a rosy,
healthy glow. There is no mystery about
it. It isn't a miracle. It is merely the re-
sult of a combination of rational, natural
common sense with expert medical knowl-
edge. It cures diseases of the lungs, liver,
stomach, bowels, skin and scalp, simply
because all these diseases spring from the
same cause — a disordered digestion and
consequent impure blood. Don't let preju-
dice and scepticism cheat you out of your
health. Dr. Pierce ' 3 Golden Medical Dis-
covery will positively cure you, if suffering
from diseases named above.
If you want to know hundreds of great
medical truths, send 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of. mailing only, and we will
■end you free a copy of Dr. Pierces 1008
page book, "Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser." •» Address, World's Dispensary
ton street, Cerventas' friends, Including
a mysterious woman, remaining there
too. The house belonged to Vidal and
was partly furnished.
Mrs. Cervantes did not remain at the
Pinckney-street .house long, but after
instructing Neilson to continue to
watch over her interests returned to
the Vallejo-street house. The strange
wedding took place on Tuesday, and,
according to the statements Neilson
has made to The Call and Detective
Anthony, who is conducting the in
vestigation, Vidal made several visits
to the Pinckney-street place during
the week, at which times Neilson
turned over to her the money he had
collected from her tenants.
Saturday, March 26, she made her
last visit to him. She complained of
feeling very ill, and for the first time
expressed a fear that her time on earth
was short. She spoke of the woman
Cervantes kept at the house constant
ly, and said she had given her an over
dose of medicine the night before that
had almost killed her.
Mrs. c . vantes did not mention this
woman's name and Neilson could not
tell who she was more than that she
■was a Hungarian by birth and that
during the past week it had been ru
mored among those who knew all the
parties concerned that she had lived
with Cervantes and was supposed at
one time to be his wife.
Neilson endeavored to cheer up the
woman by telling her that she had often
been as sick as she was then and that
he would go up to the Vallejo-street
house that night and give her a treat
ment such as he had in the past, which
would relieve her of her suffering. He
kept his promise and noticed that while
he was in the house the mysterious
female friend of Cervantes watched
every movement he made and acted in
a most peculiar manner.
Neilson asked her what medicine she
had given to Mrs. Cervantes the night
before, and she showed him a rather
large bottle about half full of a dark
colored Hquid. The directions on the
label gave twenty to forty drops as a
dose for an adult, and five to ten drops
for a child. Neilson asked if she had
administered more than one dose, and
she replied that she had not, but that
the druggist had not filled the bottle
up.
Neilson remarked that it was not the
practice of druggists to put a small
quantity of medicine in a large, bottle,
but that thf>T used bottles of various
sizes, acording to the quantity of medi
cine, and he questioned the woman
further. Finally she admitted that she
FLORENTINO CERVANTES.
had given Vidal about 200 drops by I
mistake, but supposed as it was a !
medicine that children could take, it j
would not harm her. The following
day, Sunday, Neilson visited Vldal
again and found her somewhat bet
ter. That was the last time he saw her
alive.
Neilson states that Mrs. Cervantes
did not remove her effects from the
Pinckney-street house, all her dresses j
and other wearing apparel as well as i
the furniture being left undisturbed. j
Early on the morning of Tuesday, ;
March 29, Cervantes and the mys- 1
terious woman appeared at: 18 Pinck- 1
ney street and Informed Neilson that j
Vidal had died suddenly at 15 minutes I
after' midnight. They brought an ex- 1
press wagon with them and proceeded j
to ransack the house, taking all the |
dead woman's '. clothes, jewelry, some 1
furniture and $20 that Neilson had col
lected the day before. Since then they
have told other friends of Vidal that
J&?JS only removed, a portion of the fur
# rHB SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APIIIL 6, 1898.
niture, but Xeilson 1b positive that they
practically stripped the house.
After their departure Neilson hurried
to the Vallejo-street house and found
preparations for the funeral already
well under way. Valenti, Mareni & Co,
undertakers, whose parlors are on Stock
ton Btreet, between Oreen and Union, had
been cßlled in, and arranged the body
for burial. As Mrs. Cervantes was a
very large woman, they informed the
husband that it would be difficult to
secure a casket large enough that day,
and it would be better to postpone the
funeral until the following day. At
this, both Cervantes and the mysterious
female became greatly excited, and in
sisted that the funeral, must be held
that day. The undertaker said it would
cost $35 or $40 more to carry out their
wishes, but they replied that a matter
of a few dollars made no difference.
Neilson describes the action of both
the man and woman all the time he
was there as most remarkable. Both
were deeply agitated, and the woman
kept rushing from one room to tan
other, calling to Cervantes, holding
whispered conversations with him and
otherwise manifesting extreme nerv
ousness. Once, when some friends of
the dead woman called, they were
shown into the room where the body
lay, but had scarcely approached it
when the woman burst out:
"Don't you like the way it looks? If
you are not satisfied you had better
leave the house!"
Neilson notified some friends of Vidal
of her demise, among them the family
of Isaac Silva, livu.g at 737% Green
street, who had known her intimately
MRS. ViDAL CERVANTES, WFOSE DEATH THE FOLICE
ARE INVESTIGATING.
for many years. They had barely time
to reach the house before the funeral
took place, for Cervantes and the wo
man had their way and the cortege
started for the cemetery at i o'clock,
! barely twelve hours after Vidal had
I ceased to breathe.
Then the actions of the strange pair j
became more marked. Utterly disre
garding the whisperings of neighbors
and the friends of the dead woman, i
they continued to make the house at !
636 Vallejo street their home, while !
Cervantes took possession of his late |
wife's property. He visited Neilson !
and first offered him $100 if he would
relinquish all claims to any portion of
the estate. Neilson refused, and the I
sum was gradually increased to $500,
but when he still refused to make any 1
agreement with Cervantes, the latter
finally said:
"If the estate proves to be worth j
$15,000, I will give you $1000 for any
claim you may have, if it amounts to !
more I will ~ive v v $1500, and you can i
go away and enjoy your money."
Neilson declined to accede and Cer- ;
vantes finally gave up the attempt to !
purchase his claims.
Meanwhile Isaac Silva had informed I
his attorney. Archibald Campbell, of j
Vidal's death and together they went
to Chief of Police Lees, who, after
hearing the story, Immediately sum
moned r Active Anthony and detailed
him on the case. Since then the officer
has been working unc~asir.«?ly with the
result that the i lice are convinced
that the woman di^d under circum
stances that warrant the remains be
ing exhumed and the 'omach analyzed.
Coroner Hawk has been requested
to perform this duty and has promised
to exhume the body to-day. A careful
analysis of the stomach will be made
and as no embalming fluids were used
it is bought it will be an easy matter
to detect the presence of poison, if any
had been administered.
Cervantes lost but little time in tak
ing the necessary legal steps to secure
possession of his wife's property, for a
few days after her death he appeared
for letters of administration. He ap
peared in Judge Coffey's court last
Saturday, accompanied by the mys
terious woman. Several friends of the
dead woman were present and they
noted that this woman was decked out
in some of Vidal's finery. She osten
tatiously displayed a gold watch and
chain, for which Neilson says Vidal
paid $180, while encircling her wrist
was a bracelet that had cost $190.
One point that Neilson calls partic
ular attention to is that when Vidal
made her last visit to the Pinckney
street house she had in her bag be
tween $300 and $400 in gold. This money
was also seen by a storekeeper, for the
woman called at his place to pay a
bill she owed and when she opened her
bag he noticed the gold. She searched
for some silver, but could find none,
and finally gave him a gold pieceto
change. "^
Neilson says the woman had five
very valuable diamond rings and other
jewelry, which she usually carried on
her person. Where these are now no
body seems to know.
Cervantes' claim to the estate will be
bitterly contested by the relatives of
the dead woman, and Carmen D. Meza, !
a sister-in-law of Vidal, arrived from
San Jose yesterday for that purpose.
Besides Mr. Silva has had a power of
attorney prepared and will forward it
to Vidal's sister, who is living in Mex
ico, for her signature, and he will then
be in a position to protect her rights.
Detective Anthony was most reluct
ant to discuss the case when seen by
a representative of The Call last night,
and expressed his regret that the mat
ter had leaked out He admitted, how
ever, that he had been working on the
case for several days and that the
result of his investigation had con
vinced him that the woman had been
murdered. He would make no charge
as to who the guilty party, or parties,
were, and said that no arrests had been
or would be made until the body had
been exhumed.
On the result of an analysis of the
stomach, Anthony said, depended the
whole case. He believed that traces of
poison would be found, which would
confirm his belief that the woman had
been foully dealt with, but he could
make no move toward apprehending
the guilty party until that analysis was
made.
He could not understand why Coro
ner Hawkins had failed to exhume the
body before this, as he had been re
quested to do, but he believed the Cor
oner would take ♦hat step to-day. When
the stomach was examined, if poison
was found, the detective said he would
be in a position to act promptly.
Yesterday Isaac Silva, the friend of
the dead woman, said:
"I have been a friend of the dead
woman for many years and used to
transact her business for her. She did i
not tell me she had married, but tried
to conceal the fact from everybody. I
was told about it so-me time later, and
on last Thursday I told Attorney Archie
Campbell that I was going to bring
him a divorce suit and he said: 'Is
that so; why?' 'Well,' I said, 'Vidal
won't stay with that fellow; he has
been in State Prison.' Campbell re
plied: 'You are too late. I am going
to bury the woman at 2 o'clock.'
"I was surprised and said I would go
immediately to her house and see her.
He said: 'You have plenty of time.' I
went there at 11 o'clock. I saw a
woman and some fellow who I after
ward learned was her husband. She
was running around from one room to
another calling this man, Cervantes.
She kept asking for the hearse and
asking why they did not take her
away. I didn't say anything, but within
five minutes the hearse came and they
were ready.
"Two days later they appeared before
Judge Coffey, applying for letters of ad
ministration. While they were in the
courtroom, I had a man who was once
a guard in San Ouentin to look at the
man and he told me he was once in San
Quentin and that he thought his
brother was there now. When they
came out of the courtroom she said:
'What business have those men there?'
meaning the bondsmen. She was tremb
ling and extremely nervous. Campbell
told her who they were and what they
I were there for. They hurried away.
! Hearing there wero some relatives in
I San Jose, and feeling- that there was
[something wrong, I telegraphed to them
ion Monday to come up and they ar
rived to-day. I took them to Attorneys
j Archie Campbell a*"" Koch and they
I advised sending a power of attorney to
! Mexico for the sister of the dead wo
man to sign. Mrs. Messa, in company
with friends, called on Coroner Haw
kins and gave him an outline of the
facts of the case, and asked him to ex
hume the body to find out whether foul
play had been committed. After lis
tening to them, I understand he refused
to touch the matter, as there was not
enough evidence to warrant it. I hear
they paid him another visit to-day, but
do not know what success they had.
'I am sure there is something wrong
about this, as they told the court on
Saturday that the estate was valued
at JIOOO. Before she took the lease of
the lower place on Pinckney place she
went to see Mr. Burke of Madison &
Burke, and offered him $3500 for it. I
advised her that the property was not
worth it and she did not buy. That is
why she still has that money. That
woman must have $6000 in gold coin be
sides her jewelry."
Mrs. Erdly conducted the house in
which the unfortunate woman died.
When seen last night she related the
circumstances of Mrs. Cervantes'
death, but refused to express an
opinion whether or not the woman had
been murdered.
"I know she was madly in love with
Cervantes," she remarked, "and was
not surprised at their being married.
A few weeks before their marriage he
bought the house in which she died.
After she was taken ill he had her
removed to his house. A short time
before her death a dark woman, whose
name I do not know, visited her room
and gave her some gruel. After par
taking of the nourishment she seemed
to grow worse and in a few hours she
breathed her last.
"Whether or not the gruel was pois
oned lam at a loss to state. Since her
death I have heard mutterings that
Mrs. Messa was the victim of foul play.
"I know she madly loved Cervantes,
and frequently expressed her intention
of marrying him. If she was murdered
I do not believe he was a party to the
crime.
"I saw her a few months before she
passed away, and it seems to me that
if she had been poisoned, knowing she
was about to die, she would have told
me."
Mrs. Erdly admitted that the unfor
tunate woman possessed considerable
jewelry, but what had become of it she
could not state.
J. E. Artigues, the physician who
signed the certificate of death, was seen
last evening, and said:
"I was called in to attend the woman
two days before she died. I found her
suffering from asthma and in a bad
condition. Her heart seemed very weak,
due to her being so fleshy. She told me
she had not slept for five nights, and
to the best of my recollection I pre
scribed a sixth of a grain of morphine
powders and also my regular prescrip
tion for asthma— a mixture of lobelia,
iodine, potassium and belladonna, com
posed of about two drachms each. I
then left, and aboi.t thirty-six hours
later the undertaker called and asked
me to sign a death certificate.
"I refused his request, as I had only
once attended the patient. Some hours
later he returned and told me I had to
sign it, as he could not find any other
doctor who had administered to her.
I then signed the paper, giving the
cause of her death as due to asthma,
and stating that I had only visited her
once. I understand the undertaker
took the certificate to the Morgue.
"The next 1 heard of the case was
when an officer called at my office look
ing for information. I told him that I
was sitting in my drugstore when a
man rushed in and begged me to come
with him, as a woman was very low.
I went with him and prescribed. He
told me not to say anything about the
matter to any one, and I should not
have told you, but you seem to be fa
miliar with the facts.
"The medicine I prescribed was filled
at my store, but I cannot, without au
thority from the police, give you an or
der to my clerk directing him to allow
you to copy it. I know there was no
danger if the whole bottle was admin
istered to her. As to the morphine
powders, there was some danger. I
really think the woman died from a
weak heart, which was caused by
fatty degeneration."
A member of the firm of Valrnte
Marini & Co., the undertakers who
buried Mrs. Cervantes, said:
"Mrs. Cervantes was taken from 636
Vallejo street. She was about 41 years
old, and died on March 30. She died at
midnight, and being a fleshy woman,
weighing in the neighborhood of 300
pounds, her husband was advised to
bury her immediately. "Ye took her
from her home and kept her in our
parlors all the next day, and on the Ist
of April she was interred.
"There was nothing the matter with
her. I heard there was a fuss being
made by the relatives and other persons
because she had some money. She mar
ried this fellow Cervantes about three
weeks before she died. He, in my opin
ion, was a sucker. He was earning
$25 a week and was younger than this
woman. I understand he comes from
Los Angeles.
"Cervantes did not order us to bury
her immediately. A woman by the
name of Tomasso, whom I would not
believe, started this trouble. Every
thing was done according to the strict
letter of the law and this fuss amounts
to nothing."
The undertakers deny that they re
ceived money from Cervantes to place
the body of his dead wife in the grave.
Mrs. F. Habidad, an old friend of the
dead woman and at whose house the
sister-in-law is staying, when asked
what Mrs. Cervantes was worth said:
"She had about $4500 In bank, with
which she i. tended buying a house, also
a lot of jewelry." She gave the follow
ing list of jewelry as possessed by the
dead woman:
"A bracelet -with eleven diamonds,
valued at $380; diamond earrings, $150;
a breast pin, set in diamonds, valued at
$180, and another at $120; a $200 dia
mond ring, another valued at $40; an
other ring set in little diamonds, valued
at $50; a gold pin with three ten-dollar
pieces and two five-dollar pieces; a set
of earrings made from five-dollar
pieces; diamond scarf pin, valued at
$30; three men's gold watches, one
valued at $70; three ladies' gold
watches. One worn by her was worth
$150 and the chain $30. Three silver
rincrs, one set with a diamond, and a
half-dozen carved Mexican earrings and
rings; gold mourning bracelets: a man's
quartz chain, which she paid $40 for."
Continuing, she said that Mrs. Cer
vantes' son died in Mexico, and that
the only relatives in this State were
her sister-in-law and three children.
"I don't know whether she was
poisoned." she said, "but every one
says she was given something in her
medicine. Last Saturday as she
passed my mother's house she showed
me a pocket-book containing fifteen
$20 gold pieces."
Florentin Cervantes, the husband of
the dead woman, was seen in his
rooms at 636 Vallejo street last evening.
He was in deep mourning and wore a
sorrowful expression on his coun
tenance. When not being interpreted
by his friend, he would break forth in
broken English and tell what he knew
about the death of his wife.
When asked to show the medicine
that was administered to her in her
last illness he acted nervously, and
said he could not find it then, but
would produce the bottles to-morrow.
During the interview tie showed how
the medicine was given Mrs. Cervan
tes by illustrating with two glasses.
He filled one half full of water, and
taking a small medicine glass he pour-
AD VEBTISEMENTS^
New Goods.
This week we will exhibit the very
latest NOVELTIES in the following de-
partments.
LACE DEPARTMENT^
NEW LACES, in Point Appliaue, Point de
Gene. Point Venice and Chantillu. Also an
elegant assortment of Fancu Embroidered
Chiffons.
TRIMMING DEPARTMENT.
NEW TRIMMINGS in Passementeries,
Beaded and Silk Fronts. Also a full assortment
of New Belts and fine Feather Boas.
IFbbonlepartmei^t7
NEW RIBBONS in Plaids, Checks and
Stripes. Also French Ribbon Sashes and
Scarfs— fringed— and an elegant line of New
French Taffeta Ribbons.
GLOVE DEPARTMENT
NEW GLOVES in light Easter shades,
in the celebrated Reunier make, both Suedes
and Glacier
PARASOL DEPARTMENT.
NEW PARASOLS in Plaids, Bauaderes,
Chiffons and Taffetas ; also a full assortment
of Carriage Parasols.
"SKIRT DEPARTMENT.
NEW SILK SKIRTS in Plaids, Checks,
Stripes and plain, with corded, ruffled and
Van Duke flounces.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Ed out a tablespoonful and thrusting it J
in the light said that .as the amount j
of cherry pectoral he gave. He said he ;
first swallowed it, but found it a trifle j
strong. He then poured out a smaller;
dose and gave it to his wife. She drank |
the cordial and said it was too sweet !
for her to drink, and asked him to get
some other medicine. He said that he :
then went to the drug store for |
some other medicine, and the clerk
gave him some that was to be taken j
three times a day. She found that to
her satisfaction, and was taking it up
to the time of her death.
He then went on in his own way and j
gave a detailed account of what was
done the night his wife died. He said:
"At 8 o'clock on the night she died j
she said she felt hungry. 'What do you j
like?' I asked her. and she replied, 'Hot
cakes.' "Shall I make them?" I asked,
and she said, 'No, tell the lady.' While
they were being made I took her to the
kitchen. The lady made three or four,
and she gave me one first, to see if it
was good to eat. I put butter and
sugar on it and put it on a plate, and
then cut it up in small pieces. I gave
her half and ate the other half. After
eating she said she would like one more,
and I fixed another one. I cut it up in
pieces, and ate half again. Once in a
while she would give me a piece of hers.
Pretty soon she stood up, and I helped
her to her room, and she sat down in a
chair. She said, 'I feel better, and will
be well in two days.' She also said,
'When I am not sick I will make up a
paper and give up my business to you.'
I said, 'I have mine.' She sat in her
chair some time, and other times I
would walk her up and down the
kitchen to her room to relieve her
asthma,
"About 11:30 o'clock she tell me. 'You I
lie down, as I can't sleep. During the I
last three weeks I can't sleep. I like |
to walk.' I lay down and sleep for a
little while.
"Pretty soon, about 12 o'clock, I see
my wife at the foot of my bed, and she
tell me, 'I feel sick. I think it is asthma
again.' She coughed two or three times.
I get up and take my wife to her room
and she sit down in her chair. Pretty
soon she tell me, 'I feel cold in my
hands, in my feet and neck.' She says,
'Make a hot cloth on the lamp and put
it around here.' After I do it, she tells
me she wanted to breathe but could
not. She told me she felt a big ball in
her stomach which came up to her
throat and that was the only thing
troubling her. I put clothes on her
feet and rubbed her hands. Thinking
she was bad, I tell her I will call the
people in the house, but she say, 'No,
I don't want to give them any trouble.'
I call for help by knocking on the door
and they come in.
"Mr. Adrian he went to get a doctor
but the first time he could not find one.
He tell me he ask the sergeant of police
and the officer directed him to Dr. L.e
land in the Commercial Hotel, but
when he return with the doctor my
wife is dead.
"While he was away I told him to
help quick. She began to breathe heav
ily and then she tell me to put hot
clothes on her, as she was very cold.
She has no feeling in her hand and I
rub some more. Five minutes after
she sat down. Pretty soon she tell me
'I like to lie down.' She stand up and
I tell her I will help her and she says
no. She lay down on her side with her
arm holding her head and then gave a
long sigh and die."
Hans Neilson, who for the past three
years acted as agent for the dead
woman, was seen in 18 Pinckney place
last evening. He hinted at what he
could tell, but was loth to talk on the
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
subject, fearing that he would be shot
by Cervantes, whom he thought a daji
gerous man.
"I was employed by Mrs. Cervantea
to look after the house, attend to re
pairs in the houses she rented and do
her collecting. Although I heard of
her marrying again. I did not see her
husband until the day of her death. I
had gone up the street to buy some
groceries, and when I returned I was
surprised to see an express wagon in
front of the door. I tried to enter the
house, but found that the bolt had been
drawn on the other side. After ham
mering on the panel the door was
opened by some woman whom I had
never seen before, and she says to me,
'This is Vidal's husband and Vidal's
dead.'
"I was surprised at hearing the news,
but was more surnrised to see what
they were doing. During my short ab
sence they had taken every dress be
longing to Mrs. Cervantes and had
them tied up in a bundle. Everything
of any value was bundled up and they
loaded the things on the express wa
gon. They then removed every bit of
furniture in the house and left It in
a deserted state. With the keys that
he must have found on Mrs. Cervantes
he opened a closet and took from . t
about $20 in gold, that I was saving
for Mrs. Cervantes, to be given to her
on her next visit.
"Mrs. Cervantes was worth a good
deal of money, because I used to col
lect from $:) to $10 a night for rental of
her houses. To-night I took $9 50 to
Mr. Cervantes, which amount I have
either brought to his house or given to
him here since his wife's death.
"I learned later that Mrs. Cervantes
died at 12:15 o'clock, and they came to
the house eight hours after to remove
her belongings.
"I don't want to say anything else
about the matter, because I am not in
a position to do so."
ADVEETISEMENTS.
YOUR EASTER SHIRT,
cr'lax or cuff should be as immac-
ulate In their color as Easter lilies.
We will guarantee that they will
vie with them in snowy whiteness,
and perfection of finish, if they are
done up at the United States Laun-
dry. If you don't care to buy a
new set of linen, let us launder it;
you will be pleased at the result.
Office, 1004 Market street.
Telephone South 420.
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN ADVANCED
25c PER BARREL.
San Francisco, April 6, IS9S.GOLD HUNTERS
FROM NEW YORK
Eighteen of Them Have
Arrived on the Nellie
G. Thurston.
On« Woman Braved tho Voy
age Through the Straits
of Magellan.
Boys S*vsd From • Watery Grave
by the Emma's Captain «nd
Engineer.
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
long looked for schooner Nellie G. Thurs
ton from New York. She left the east
ern metropolis 175 days ago with the
members of the Pacific Mining and Trad-
Ing Company aboard. The party orig
inally consisted of nineteen m<:n ay.d one
Woman, but one of the men left the
\ .at Montevideo and went back to
Jlew York. He came overland to San
Francisco and has been h<-re several
% b awaiting tho arrival of the
t>r.
riior member of the party left the
Bchoonw later on. so only eighteen out
of tho original score arrived bore on the
schooner yesterday. Among: them was
Mis. A. J. K.ilcs, a hiuidsome young
widow, who like tho rest haa tho gold
fever. The dangers of the trip to San
SCO via. the Straits of Magellan
ha<l no terror* for ht>r, and she will ae
nirades to Cooks Inlet in
■earch of nuggets as soon as tho schooner
1b provisioned and made ready for the
Journey. Others who came in the party
were W. E. Story, A. G. Miles, D. P.
Nolan, J. i:. Wadsworth, J. B. Ely, A.
J. Conkling, (;. H. dunning and Fenelon
E. Dowling, manager of the venture.
Everybody on the schooner was anx
ious to got ashore, but Mrs. Holies out
■tripped them all. As soon as the anchor
was down she trot into a boat and was
rowed ashore. ,
Captain F. A. Douse reports very heavy
•weather after crossing tlio equator in
the Pacific. He ran the schooner up as
far as 137 west longitude and then stood
northeast, but could not fetch the Gold
en Gate, so for over a week the schooner
has been knocking about outside. On
January 16, in the Straits of Magellan,
the Thurston spoke a small boat with
a party of fifteen in it belonging to the I
Now Zealand Steamship Company's
steamer Mat aura, a full account of the i
wreck of which, near Cape Pillar, was
given exclusively In The Call. On March
15. they also spoke the steam whaler .
Jennette in latitude 20 north, longitude
Icio west, and got from her some vege
tables and chickens:
The Board of Harbor Commissioners at
a meeting yesterday made several ap
pointments. George H. S. Dryden, who
has for four years held the position of
wharfinger in the employ of the State
and most of that time has served at the
.Main street wharf, was reappolnted for
another term of four years. The appoint
ment of Dryden met with the general ap
proval of shipping men. He, during his
term of office that has just expired,
proved himself a capable and efficient offi
cer, and he is one of the most popular
men in the employ of the State on the
water front.
The resignation of H. W. Peterson, the
purchasing agent and storekeeper of the
board, was accepted, and James J. Flynn,
who served a term as County Clerk of
San Francisco, was appointed to fill the
vacancy. Charges had been made against
Feterson of misconduct in oiace, and
though they were disproved by the board
the accusations caused some unpleasant
ness between the official and the mer
chants with whom he had business deal
ings, and his resignation was called for.
James Byrne Jr., who for several years
has occupied the position of bookkeeper
of the board, was appointed to succeed
William L. Cole as assistant secretary
of the commission to fill the vacancy*
caused by the retirement of that official
on the expiration of his term of office.
Four boys had a narrow escape from
drowning in Oakland Creek yesterday,
and had it not been for the bravery of
Captain Johnston and Chief Engineer
George Roland of the steamer Emma two
of them would have been drowned. John
and Jerry Scott, Con Vardey and Harry
Morrisey secured a small boat and went
for a sail. When off the foot of Franklin
street the boat capsized, and Jerry Scott,
aged 8, and Harry Morrisey, aged 6, were
going: down for the last time when Messrs.
Johnston and Roland Jumped overboard
and held them up until assistance came.
The other boys held on to the bottom of
the boat, and all were eventually landed
on the Franklin street wharf. The boys
scampered away home and Johnston and
Roland returned to the steamer to get a
change of clothes.
The barkentlne Leslie D Is soon to
dock at Mission-street wharf to be fitted
out for a voyage to Kotzebue Sound. The
vessel has been thoroughly refitted dur
ing the past year at an expense of over
$SOOO. Her deck has been cut down four
feet and new stanchions placed in posi
tion throughout. Her rigging, masts,
spars, iron work, chain plates, etc., are
all new and she has been thoroughly
painted and oiled after careful calking.
■ Her rigging Is particularly handy for the
reason that aside from the foremast the
■other two are pole masts without top
masts, and consequently her rig is not
top heavy. The Leslie D carries about
100 tons of ballast, which added to the
freight of passengers of about 120 tons
..will supply sufficient and desirable bal
last. In addition to the recent improve
ments, in 1&&3 she was thoroughly over
hauled in Yokohama and all repairs rec
ommended by the surveyors there were
. made under the personal supervision of
M. A. Newell, the v.-ell-known marine
■Insurance man of this city.
'•. Captain Stanslaw will be master during
the trip, he having had thirteen years'
experience in Alaskan waters.
Lieutenant J. B. Milton, who has of
late been in charge of the observatory at
Mare Island, has been ordered to report
af the Brooklyn- Navy Yard for active
service at once. Lieutenant Milton estab
lished the branch hydrographlc office in
the Merchants' Exchange twelve years
ago and made himself so well liked that
the ship owners and merchants sent a
petition to Washington which resulted
In Lieutenant Milton being kept here an
other year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why is it that nearly all
aged persons arc thin?
And yet, when you think
of it, what could you expect?
Three score years of wear
and tear arc enough to make
the digestion weak. Yet the
body must be fed.
In Scott's Emulsion, the
work is all done; that is,
the oil in it is digested, all
ready to be taken into the
blood. The body rests,
while the oil feeds and nour-
ishes, nnd the hypophos-
phites makes the nerves
steady and strong.
50c »nd $1.00, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWNB, Chemist., Mtw Yart,
POLITICS FOR POLITICIANS
Present Outlook for the
Coming Campaign,
NO LACK OF
PROSPECTIVE
CANDIDATES
Some of the Early
Bids for Public
Favor.
Budding Ambitions That
May Be Blighted by
Convention Frost.
Few Places on the State Ticket,
But No Dearth of Men
to Fill Them.
NOT UNKNOWN TO FAME.
Possible Territorial Differences That
May Ruin tho Chances of Some
Promising Aspirants.
The present war talk Is suggestive of
the idea that If all politicians were pa
triots the saftey of the nation might
very well be left In the keeping of Call
fornians. That is to say, there are j
; enough gentlemen who are aspirants j
to places within the gift of the people
of the State at the coming election to I
make a most formidable showing if j
drawn up In a body on the field of bat
itle.
Ideas suggested by the present condi
tion of international affairs have very
little to do. however, with the coming j
campaign and the aspirations of the j
gentlemen who would not object to
having their names appear on the State <
ticket. To consider the chances of the j
numerous aspirants partakes somewhat j
of the element of chance involved in j
making a future book on the great
American Derby. There are plenty of
entries, but a scarcity of data for the
form players. It is a question of pay
your money and take your choice.
The fact that the conditions are fa
vorable iot a Republican walk-over de
: tracts nothing from the excitement In
cident to the scramble for a place on
the winning ticket. As far as the head
of the ticket is concerned there is no
scarcity of available timber. That a
strong man will be selected there is no
i doubt, but there is a doubt, and a very
grave one, whether the man will come
'■ from the northern or southern half of
the State. Even at this early day there
Is being made a strong effort to har
i monize these territorial differences by
some sort of compromise that will at
once satisfy the meritorious claims of
the Republican leaders on both sides
erf the Tehachapi line. It is urged not
without truth, that among the leaders
; in the middle and northern counties,
i who have signified a desire to head the
ticket, there are some whose services
to the party in the past give them a
claim to present recognition that is too
I strong to be lightly ignored. On the
part of southern Republicans it may
be said that the same claim is being
made, an argument that is further
strengthened by the assertion made by
po-litlclans south of the line that the
time has now arrived when it is their
turn to name at least one of the party
j leaders. This, then, is the basis upon
' which all differences, if they can be
dignified by so strong a term, are to be
adjusted. Although no actual adva ?es
have been made by interested parties
on either side, it is generally under
stood among those who are supposed to
know that the southern half of the
State will be accorded the right to
name the Republican candidate for
United States Senator and that the
; north will select the nominee for Gov
ernor.
This arrangement, while generally
: satisfactory, will not meet with the ap
: proval of William Arthur, chairman of
: the last Republican State convention.
■ The fact that his home is at Pcjsadena
j would place him at once, territorially
I speaking, on the list of ineligibles. While
not an active and declared candidate
for the place at the head of the ticket,
j Arthur Is still one of the southern gu
, bernatorial possibilities. Should his as
1 pirations be made to suffer because of
■ any agreement such as has been out
! lined he would have plenty of compan
i lonship in his discomfiture, as there are
| others on the other side of Tehachapi
; who would not object to the nomination
for Governor on the Republican ticket.
Among these is Henry Gage, the Los
1 Angeles attorney. If present indications
are to be taken into account there is
every reason to believe that Gage will
not push his claim for recognition as a
candidate for Governor, but will take
advantage of the trend of events and
take his chances on being selected as
the man to be voted for when the next
Legislature takes up the task of elect
, ing a United States Senator. In this he
is receiving the support of Colonel Otis
through the medium of the Los Angeles
, Times. The same paper has given evi
dence of a budding desire to father the
gubernatorial aspirations of Attorney
General Fitzgerald. State Senator An
drous may be declared out of the run
ning, he being entirely and wholly sat
isfied with the position of Postmaster
| at Pomona, a political plum that is well
within his reach.
In the northern counties the crop of
would-be gubernatorial candidates
passes all belief. District Attorney
i Barnes will make a bid for the nomina
tion, and his chances of receiving it are
Bufflclently strong, when judged by
[ present standards, to make him an im
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
portant factor in the coming: race. Ex-
Mayor L. R. Ellert and Attorney J. C.
Campbell are also to be reckoned on as
among the strong- ones whose names
will be on the list of those Irho will
want to be at the head of the class at
the next State convention. State Sen
ator Tom Flint has a strong following,
and is openly using every means within
his power to win the coveted place on
the ticket.
Alameda County as usual Is In the
front rank as a candidate producer,
the names of Dr. Pardee and ex-Mayor
Davis being already on the list of those
who want to be Chief Executive during
the four years beginning January 1,
1899. As for either of the gentlemen
named there is at this time no better
way of designating their chances than
by saying that they are standing on
their records after a declaration of in
tention. Lou H. Brown, Secretary of
State, is Solano County's prize candi
date. He is active and confident, and
will, no doubt, so far augment his po
litical capital as to make his nomina
tion for and election to the position he
now holds almost a certainty.
E. P. Colgan, State Controller, is
also a gubernatorial possibility, and,
like Brown, having been a worthy and
efficient officer of the State government,
will probably succeed himself in his
present position. General Dickinson,
State Senator from Marin County, has
confessed a desire to lead the party to
victory at the coming election, but mod
estly hints at the possession of no more
political power than the ability to de
liver the Marin County delegation at
the convention. As the Sausalito states
man and soldier is too great a diplomat
to show his hand so early in the game
it is safe to presume that he has some
thing up his sleeve.
Poor health will probably relieve
these and other prospective candidates
of a formidable opponent in the person
of Jacob Neff. His great personal pop
ularity and devotion to party princi
ples are known from one end of the
State to the other and need no com
ment.
There remains on the list still an.
other name, that of State Senator
Morehouse, of Santa Clara County. His
repeated announcement of his designs
on the gubernatorial chair have met
with such unvarying good humor on the
part of others who have aspirations in
the same direction that his many
friends have been somewhat taken
aback by the intimation that he is will
ing to give his opponents a chance by
withdrawing from the race before it has
begun. This is done, however, without
prejudice to his soaring ambition which
now directs its flight to the nation's fo.
rum. He thinks the Senatorial toga
would not be unbecoming to him, and
to gain it he will enter the lists with
some score or more of candidates who,
unlike himself, may be unfortunate in
not having the prestige due to corpora
tion affiliations.
On the other side of the political
fence there Is no lack of public spirited
gentlemen who desire to serve their
fellow citizens in the capacity of Gov
ernor of the State. Congressman James
G. Magulre is probably the most prom
inent of these. His services to the
State In the National Legislature are
well known to all and need no repeti
tion. Amongthose who will undoubtedly
oppose him in his desire to secure the
nomination for Governor there are
those who are equally well known in
recent political history. The contest
will lose none of its interest, not to say
acrimony, because of this. Lieutenant-
Governor William T. Jeter will have a
strong following, the manner in which
he has fulfilled the duties of his pres
ent position having added much to his
personal and public popularity.
State Senator J. H. Seawell, the
Democratic warhorse of Mendocino
County, is also out for the place at the
head of the ticket. He is a power in
the Democratic fold, and his chances
of winning the prize are not worse than
those of others. H. M. La Rue, Flail
road Commissioner from Sacramento
County, is a would-be candidate, as Is
Frank H. Gould, late of Stockton, now
of San Francisco. Gould is at present
an office-holder by favor of Governor
Budd, and it may be that he will elect
to so continue, the chances of his suc
cess in securing the nomination for
Governor being at present extremely
problematical. Mayor Phelan is a pros
pective candidate, and is considered
by his opponents to be a strong factor
in the impending struggle for place on
the ticket.
The man who will ask or receive the
support of the southern Democrats is
not yet sufficiently In evidence to make
his Identity apparent at this distance
from the scene. Even should such a
man come forward, it is not thought
he would have a following sufficiently
strong, numerically, to seriously jeap
ardize the chances of any one of the
men from the bay counties. Chairman
Alford of the Democratic State Central
Committee has intimated that It would
be a graceful act on the part of his
party to secure him the Democratic
nomination for Governor, in recognition
of his long and arduous labors for the
cause. So far as known, the hint has
borne no fruit. Outside districts in
Tulare County have not yet been
heard from.
Among those on the Republican side
of the road who have by word of mouth
or through the medium of their friends
or enemies declared themselves as can
didates for election to the United States
Senate there appear the names of
Henry Gage, Code Commissioner R. N.
Bulla, E. F. Preston, State Senator
Morehouse, U. S. Grant Jr., Irving M.
Scott, M. H. de Young, ex-Congress
man Charles N. Felton and some others
who at this time are not sufficiently
prominent to warrant even a conjecture
as to what figure they will cut in the
coming campaign. Gage and Morehouse
have already been referred to. Grant
is one of the popular men of the
south land, and this, added to the pres
tige of his honorable name, makes him
one of the strongest candidates in the
field. This is particularly true when
considered in the light of a possible
agreement to select a southern man as
the next Republican Senator.
From a political point of view, much
uncertainty attaches to tie candidacy
of Btate Senator Bulla. It is generally
understood that three years ago, in or
der to win the southern votes for Sen
ator Perkins, an agreement was en
tered into whereby the promise waa
given that the next United States Sen
ator should come from the south. The
agreement is said to have been made
that Bulla was to have the place when
the time came. The time having now
arrived Bulla's friends are demanding
a fulfillment of the agreement. His
candidacy is said to be in the hands
of Collector of the Port John P. Jackson
and Billy Hamilton.
There is every prospect of a very
pretty three-cornered race between
Bulla, Gage and Grant.
If there is to be a contest
in the south there will also be
one in the north. De Young will have
the support of his own paper, the
Chronicle. Scott, whose reputation as
a public-spirited citizen is second to
none, is well and favorably known from
one end of the State to the other. Pres
ton an unimpeachable record and
is free from political leading strings,
and Felton has the prestige of his rec
ord in Congress.
On the other side of the fence every
thing depends upon the very uncertain
event of the election of a Democratic
Legislature. This grave uncertainty
has had the effect of joining the hands,
for a moment, of the men who have
designs on the Senatorial toga. Gover
nor Budd, W. W. Foote and Senator
White have temporarily buried the
hatchet and will work together for the
good o-f the cause until election day.
Should the unexpected happen and the
Legislature prove to be Democratic,
then friendship will cease and the pipe
of peace be broken. If the present pro
gramme be carried out the throat cut
ting that will ensue will result in the
survival of the fittest and the victor
will be declared Senator. In doing this,
however, the gentlemen named are
counting without Tom Clunie and
Judge William T. Wallace. Clunie is
an antagonist not to be despised, and
Judge Wallace, if he decide:, to try for
United States Senator as against a po
sition on the Supreme Court bench,
may be heard fro-m when the lists are
opened.
There is as much speculation, by the
way, regarding who will succeed to the
places on the Supreme bench to become
vacant by reason of the expiration of
the terms of Justices McFarland and
Van Fleet as there is concerning the
next United States Senator. The in
cumbents are both candidates for
re-election, a fact that will, no doubt,
lead to much searching of records be
tween now and convention time. Judge
A. J. Buckles of Solano County is said
to have avowed a desire to- wear the
ermine, providing the wish is not con
trary to the desires of the party lead
ers and the voting public. He is ex
tremely popular with men of all shades
of political belief and enjoys the confi
dence of the entire community. Be
sides a profound knowledge of the law
he has a sedate and even judgment pe
culiarly fitting to a Supreme Court Jus
tice. Judge Angellotti of Marin County
is also a prospective candidate, rely
ing somewhat upon the reputed ability
of his friend. General Dickinson, to de
liver the county delegation. Judge
Sweeney of Shasta has announced his
candidacy, as have also Judge Wil
liams of Ventura, Judge Clark of L#os
Angeles and Judge Torrence of San
Diego. None of the present Justices
are from the south, and for this reason
it is believed the convention will recog
nize the claims of at least one of the
jurists from below the line.
Some score or more of others have
been "mentioned." In fact, it would be
very hard to find a Superior Court
Judge in the State who could not be in
duced, with very little persuasion, to
accept the nomination for one of these
most coveted positions.
Tirey L. Ford, the talented San
Francisco lawyer, is said to stand in
great favor as a prospective candidate
for the position of Attorney-General.
Parris of San Diego Is also mentioned
for the place, but there is little pros
pect that he will remain in the field if
by so doing he would injure the candi
dacy of Assemblyman W. R. Guy, also
of San Diego. Guy's record in the As
pembly is without a blot, and his la
bors as chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee resulted in the sav
ing of many thousands of dollars to the
State. His present candidacy Is a pop
ular one.
Congressman De Vrles wants to suc
ceed himself as Congressman from the
Second District. District Attorney
Frank D. Ryan is also out for the
place, but his aspirations are likely to
be nipped in the bud because of his
alleged inability to secure the support
of the Sacramento delegation. This fact
will materially enhance the chances of
P. A. Buell and Judge Walling, who
are also seeking the nomination. If
present indications count for anything
A. J. Johnston will get the nomination
to succeed himself as State Printer.
While the scramble goes on among
those who are looking for a place on
the State ticket there are others not
unknown to fame who are keeping
their fires lighted In anticipation of a
few fat Federal plums that are to be
handed out from Washington In the
near future. State Senator Shine is
said to be sure of succeeding Barry
Baldwin as United States Marshal for
the northern district of California. As
to who will be the next United States
District Attorney another story must
be told. Frank Coombs, who was
Speaker of the last Assembly, is known
to have had aspirations in that direc
tion, but It is now said that he is quite
content with his recently acquired po
sition of State Librarian. Believing
this to be so others who have designs
on the District Attorneyship are leav
ing him out of their calculations. Eu
gene F. Bert may get the coveted posi
tion if he is able to overcome the oppo
sition that he must expect to encoun
ter from the friends of R. T. Devlin,
who, very naturally, would not object
to this particular Presidential favor.
After all Is said it cannot be denied
that the game, so far as the coming
campaign is concerned, is still too
young to make what racecourse critics
call a form forecast. There is still
plenty of time for the training of dark
horses, or some untried youngster may
show speed that will throw some of the
old campaigners far in the shade. It is
well within the range of possibilities
that not one of the men whose names
have been mentioned as beinsr among
those who aspire to the nomination for
Governor will be permitted to achieve
his ambition.
Convicted of Embezzlement.
A. Cassassa was convicted by a I Jury
In V Judge Wallace's court yesterday; of
having embezzled 12770 50 collected by him
for ( tUft It&Uwr Benevolent Society.
AN OFFICIAL'S
LIFE IN DANCER
Japanese Labor Contract
ors Hint at a Possible
Murder.
Immigration Inspector Geffe
ney Warned That He Is
in the Way.
Has Been Too Zealous in the Dis
charge oi His Duty and Must
Now Go Armed.
The Immigration Commissioner has
just discovered that there is no law on
the statute books of the United States
to punish persons who may threaten
Federal officials connected with the Im
migration Bureau. As a consequence
Immigration Inspector A. H. Geffeney
has armed himself with a Colt's self
cocking revolver and spends several
hours each week practicing at a mark.
All this flurry in the bureau is be
cause of a most bare-faced attempt on
the part of Japanese coolie contractors
! and importers of contract laborers from
Japan to intimidate him by veiled
threats against his life. Four years
ago Mr. Geffeney, at that time having
been three years in the bureau, accepted
, a glass of port wine in a Japanese
j house in this city whither he had gone
! on business connected with his office.
i The wine was one-third laudanum, and
'it came very near ending his days.
Since that time he has avoided the Jap
i anese quarter and has kept his weather
' eye peeled for squalls.
Last Friday afternoon he was work
| ing in the office, when two Japanese
called upon him. They were R. Tsuda,
who announced himself as the president
i of the Wakayama Ken Jin Kai, and K.
i Shiono, labor contractor and proprietor
of a Japanese hotel on Geary street.
i The Wakayama Ken, they explained,
was a society named after a province
in Japan and organized for the purpose
of assisting immigrants into the United
States. They spoke in Japanese, Mr.
Geffeney being the official interpretei of
Japanese for the bureau, ana conse
quently there could be no mistake about
: their meaning.
They began with a prelude to the ef
1 feet that a good many Japanese from
the Wakayama Ken had been deported
. recently through the bureau in this
city, and that this fact had greatly agi
tated Japanese in this city and origi
; nally from that district. Those indig
nant persons, they added, had been
drinking heavily of saki and their pas
1 sions were inflamed, for which reasons
Tsuda and Shiono had called upon Mr.
i Geffeney and in a friendly spirit ven
tured to warn him that if any more
| Wakayama men were refused a land
| ins: they, the well-meaning visitors,
I would no longer be held responsible for
whatever might happen to Mr. Geffe-
I ney's most respected person.
Mr. Geffeney informed his visitors
i that he proposed to do his duty unde
j terred by threats of bodily or other in
| jury- He reported the fact to Com
> missioner North, and they went to
! Deputy United States Attorney Schles
( inger and laid the matter before him.
I Mr. Schlefinger could not find any law
lin the Federal statutes to cover the
i case, and therefore the matter of the
j attempted intimidation could not be
I brought before the court.
The next day, which was last Satur
day, Tr. Geffeney went on board the
steamship Peru, where seventy-one
Japanese immigrants were awaiting
examination. While there he inter
cepted a letter which was being smug
gled on board by a Japanese employe
of the steamer Belgir. The letter was
in f he Japanese characters and was ad
dressed to one of the immigrants on
board the Peru, by name Honda Tomo
kusu. The following is a translation of
the letter:
When you are examined as to landing
and are answering the Questions do as
follows: Rf-rently men were sent back
on the ground that they wanted to len.rn
farming and would not work. Attached
to this letter is a piece cut out of a day's
issue of the newspaper which states that
learning farming is the main reason for
refusing to land immigrants. To-day a
Japanese man went to Quarantine Island.
If you answer as he tells you all will be
well. Don't you toll what you said when
you bought your ticket in Japan in ref
erence to not wanting to work. Tell this
to all carefully.
WAKATAMA KEN JIN KAI
R. TSITDA AND K. SHIONO.
Inclosed In the letter was a slip of
paper containing the following list of
questions and answers to be committed
to memory by the passengers:
Q.— What purpose did you come for?
A.— To work.
Q.— Have you any friends here? A.—
Tf you have, say you have; if not, say
not.
Q.— Were you sent for? A.— No, I was
never sent for; nor received any prom
ises.
Q.— Have you any relations with the
Japanese Immigration Company? A.—
No relations.
The following is a translation of the
newspaper clipping referred to. It is
taken from the issue of March 28 of the
New World, a Japanese paper pub
lished in this city:
NEW COMERS MAY BE DEPORTED
Yesterday we reported about 71 who
.■■■■ . ■ ■ - ~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves - at home. vvSSSS&^BEBgM
The remedy has a.; peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and ; has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. * A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort .Wayne, Ind.; s stating that
you ; desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are 'unable, to leave home to
be treated and the free sample vrill en-
able them to •, see how eesy it is to ■- be
cured of sexual weakness- when the
proper remedies; are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. . ; Any man
who ' writes will be ; sent a ; free sample
carefully sealed ' in a plain package so
that its ? recipient ' need have no ,■ fear .of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader! arc ,
requested, to writ© without delay. ; ,
cam© on the steamship Peru. Fifty-one
of them are people from Wakayama, 6
from Aichi, 4 from Kanagawa, 3 from
Osaka, 2 from Miye, 1 from Toyama, 1
from Yamanashi, 1 from lshikawa, 1 from
Chiba, etc. Most all of them people of
the Wakayama Ken. It may be the kind
of people who are so-called students of
agriculture. If so, they will have the
misfortune to be deported
While making the examination on the
Peru Geffeney caught Y. Islukama tear
ing a paper. He seized the paper and
found that it was a labor contract sim
ilar to one published in The Call sev
eral weeks ago. Islukama placed a
twenty-dollar piece on the table and
said that his four companions would
each add a twenty, making the sum
$100, if Geffeney would allow them to
land. Mr. Geffeney reported this fact
to his superior officer and held the five
immigrants for further investigation.
Commissioner North said to a Call
reporter yesterday that if the Japanese
persisted in threatening the lives of im
migration officers Congress would be
likely to pass a law excluding the Jap
anese from the country, as well as the
Chinese.
Later In the day Deputy United
States Attorney Schlesinger advised
Commissioner North that the attempt
ed bribery of the inspector was an of
fense against the Federal statutes, but
that it was cheaper to deport the of
fender than to prosecute him. In case
Islukama should appeal and should be
allowed to land by a decision of the
Secretary of the Treasury he could be
prosecuted for the attempt at bribery.
The attempt to bribe was equivalent
to a confession on the part or the of
fender that he was trying to effect a
landing illegally. It is probable that
Commissioner North may adopt the
course suggested.
IS TAUGHT A
SEVERE LESSON
J. J. Kellan Sentenced to
Six Months in the
County Jail.
He Was Convicted of Makincj Im
proper Proposals to a
Youn., Girl.
J. J. Kellan, the engineer who was
convicted by Jud^e Conlan on Monday
on the charge of making improper pro
posals to the 14-year-old daughter of
W. L. Henkel of 610 Folsom street, re
sulting in the gill's father firing five
shots at him last Thursday, appeared
for sentence yesterday morning.
Kellan's attorney moved for arrest of
judgment and for a new trial, which
were denied by the Judge, who then
asked if the attorney had any objection
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
o * »
! Jj& A Case of 30 Years' Stand* «
" ("C \ ing Cured by Br. Sanden's i
1 (%,.^^£> :': ' Electric Belt' - ' \
* (p™y^ K s% Yaricocele pulls the life out »
a\\/ ' / jd£r of a man; " II drains " his vitality »
° ml? Jvr^^r so greatly that every organ of »
a W AilW^'^' t* 10 body becomes ■ debilitated.- t a.
* s'i/^Wi')^^^^% Hundreds of cures of this trouble %
°- J/f^^^^^^^^^^^ have been accomplished by Dr. ]:
a iai^MiSw?; ' ~ Sanden's Electric Belt. **
j3 «r-i^ N^. __ _
5 AN OLD YARICOCELE CURED. a
Z. ■ VALLECITO. Cal., March 10, 1898. 8
" . DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Electric Belt which I purchased of you ahout two w
A years aco lias done wonders. It completely and permanently cured me of aricocele «
Z, :of 30 years' standing. I was obliged to wear a suspensory every day during this ££
& time, "l threw it away over six months ago. For %M I would not be placed in the Q
n physical condition your Belt has cured me of. I will answer all questions if a self- w
•** addressed envelope is sent with the letter of inquiry. Tours truly. , TTT -, V $
w \». o. Aijj-ii^rs. w
»' Worth $500 to Any Man. -g
a To any man who suffers from this life-destroying disease or any of #
a the similar weaknesses, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth $500. It is &
rt worth as much as life is, for it will make life . happy. Read Dr. San- w
w den's book about. it, free. Get it to-day. It will remove this awful g
** ■'affliction forever. U*
a SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * 65 000 reward * a
a 632 Market Street, San Francisco. Will.be paid for one of 8
Si NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— these Belts which falls »
Q C 32 MARKET STREET. . ttleSe ±iUtS wnlcn lalia «
<Q Orfiee hours. Ba.m.to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to generate a current or 33
w to L Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204^a Electricity ;.' i :; >v
» South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington .clei-i.ni.ll>. «
53 street: Denver . Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; •¥• * 0
jT Dallas, Tex.,.255 Main street.
aa a a-a.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
A young lady in New York City relates the curious case of heVsfstef
who suffered from a sort of nervous dyspepsia— was what the doc- .•
tor called it. She. despondent low-spirited, inclined to imagine all
; sorts. of things. One thing; especially seemed to be in her mind ; that
was the idea that abscesses were forming in different parts of her body.
The sister who tells the story; bed found Ripans Tabules a specific for
headache, and generally : had a supply on hand. One day, more in
joke than in earnest, she said to the afflicted one:. Try these i
{ they'll cure you." Well, she did try them, and strangely enough the
Tabules did cure her. The despondency left her. This ? was* nearly-
a year ago. She took less than a dollar's worth in all ao4 has not
take* one for over jcistit jooutbs now. .
to his client being interrogated as to
the occasions on which he had been
previously arrested. The attorney de
murred, and the Judge thereupon sen
tenced the defendant to six months in
the County Jaii.
Kellan's record, according to the
police, is a bad one. About twelve
years ago, while he was in Eureka,
Humboldt County, where he was
known as a "tinhorn" gambler, he
fatally shot a sailor, and was arrested
and tried for murder. He was in the
Scandinavia saloon, kept by Nels
Peterson, and had some trouble with
Peterson. He went to a gunshop and
borrowed a revolver. Returning to the
saloon, he renewed the quarrel with
Peterson and backed out onto the side
walk. Three or four sailors followed
him and he wheeled around and fired
at them. The bullet struck one of the
sailors in the abdomen, and he died in
two or three days. He was convicted
of murder in the second degree, and
was sentenced to twenty years in the
State prison. After serving five or six
years he was pardoned by the Gov
ernor.
Kellan returned to Eureka, and short
ly afterward married Mrs. Smith, a
widow. They came to this city, and on
October 1-9 last, while his brother-in
law was stopping with him at 21^
Welsh street, Kellan came home under
the influence of liquor and began beat
ing his wife. Her screams attracted
the attention of her brother, and he ran
to her assistance. Kellan got hold of
a monkey-wrench and struck his
brother-in-law several blows on the
head with it, nearly killing him. Kellan
was arrested for assault with a deadly
weapon, and was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Joachim
sen In $500 bonds. When the case was
tried in the Superior Court on Novem
ber 10 It was dismissed, as the brother
in-law was an unwilling witness for the
prosecution, and tried to assume all
the blame for the assault.
A LOST LEG.
Charles Robinson Asks Judge da
Haven to Make the Claudine
Pay for It.
The suit of Charles Robinson against
the Hawaiian steamer Claudine, was tried
yesterday in the United States District
Court before Judge de Haven, without a
iury. Robinson asks for $5000 damages
for injuries received by him owing to the
breaking of a chock block on board the
Claudine while that vessel was engaged
In towing the bark C. C. Funk in the
harbor of Kahului, Hawaii. Robinson
lost a leg by amputation as the result of
his injuries. ,
Hut ton & Holmes appeared for the
plaintiff, and Samuel M. Shortridffe for
the defendant. Judge de Haven took th«
case under advisement.
RING & BAKER. 1302 Market street,
sell "STANDARD" ahlrta. *
There is a school teacher in Kansas
who writes to her County Superintend
ent that she is 74 years of age, and
wishes to pass the examination for a
State certificate, and also to enter for
a year at the Normal School to study
new methods.
1314
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuar)ce of the Provisions of
Section 8, flrtlcle XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
article i-bounparies. rights
and liabilities.
articl: ii-leoist.ative depart
ment.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter Hl— Contracts.
ARTICLE 111-FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter Hl— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
• . Chap;. -r Vlll— Police Court.
. : Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
; Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
; . Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drainage
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII -PUBLIC SCHOOLS
;• . AND LIBRARIES.
['.', Chapter I— Board of Education.
■ Chapter ll— Schools.
. .Chapter 111-Powers of the Board of
• Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
. name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and in all matters
and proceedings; may have anl use a
common seal and alter the same at
• pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
.receive bequests, gifts and donations of
. all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
; in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
.carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests ;md donations, .vith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
'.: and County of Lan Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recoverj of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
placp. or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
■whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankmpnt.
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for wa,nt of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damnge to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli-
pence such defect remains unrepaired
Fhall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Beard of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co 6hall be vested In a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
! ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I — Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
ehall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
t the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
' preceding his election. Each Supervis
or "shall receive an annual salary of
twelva hundred dollars.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
i be entitled to a seat in the Board of
■ Supervisors and to participate in its
i debates, but shall not be entitled to a
i vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
: of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
' but a IcES number may adjourn from
; day to day and compel the attendance
i of absent members in such manner and
! under such penalties as the Board may
! prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
| nance, such additional clerks and other
! assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
i and allow the same to be published.
i The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken . and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
| bers for disorderly or contemptuous
i behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
! pro tempore from its own members
'> who shall have the same right to vote
j as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
i Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
| other place than to its r< >ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. ; The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the" Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
| ister oaths and affirmations, without
I charge, in all matters pertaining to
! the affairs of his office, and shall per
i form such services as may be pre
: scribed by the Board. He shall have
! the custody of the seal, and of all
! leases, grants and other documents
i records and papers of the City and
: County. His signature shall be neces
: sary to all leases, grants and convey
; ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
. The enacting clause of every ordinance
1 shall be in these words: "Be it or
i dained by the People of the City and
; County of San Francisco as follows "
No ordinance shall be passed except by
; bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
■ to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
! nance, nor resolution be adopted un
: less finally passed by a majority of all
j the members of the Board and the vote
■be taken by ayes and noes and the
! names of the members voting for and
: against the . same be entered in the
| Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it* title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, ISHS.
final passage In the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hvndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, -while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or item»
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving It. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be*
come nn ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative votft
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it hnd been approved by thft
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
P.^o. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided In Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisor?. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of monpy other
than salaries or wages, -when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall hp published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. Teener, r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be subn ited
to a vote of th electors of .h? City and
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of r."idence, giving the street
and number. One .of the signers of
each such paper shall l.ake oath be
fore an officer competent to admin.-ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v ion
such ordinance shall be In favor of the
adoption theret ", the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'aim such fact: nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except • as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease cr sale of any
public utility, or for the purchase of land
of more than fifty thousand dollars In
value must be submitted to the vote
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adoption of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t..e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o." the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall bp in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, within thlrlv
days from tt " time of such election,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
the same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. "Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by a number of voters equal
f fteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an ol cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appendc 7 Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be .thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other c^s s of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City, and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be In favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accon"" igly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws anl regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of California, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~^unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running curs thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit ij impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden builulngs or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same ".vithin such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. -To provide for the abatement cr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackneycar
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to b« charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necerrr.ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and r-part from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing < f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use of v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To Impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxos shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C!
16. To proscribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18.^ To allow not to exceed two thou- !
sand five hundred dollars in any year '
for the. celebration of the anniversary '•
of our National Independence, and not '
to exceed five hundred dollars in any !
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col- j
lected on conviction of persons charged '
with cruelty to animals, and to author- :
ize the payment of the same or some I
part thereof io any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap- !
pointed by the Judges of the Superior i
Court, to interpret testimony in crim- i
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for ■
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic- !
tion of any person who may have com- '
mitted a felony in the City and County, ■
and to authorize the payment thereof. ' >
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Reals for the several i
departments, boards and officers there- i
of. and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv-
Ice required of all laborers in the serv
tee of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of ,
labor in any calendar day, and that tt • j
j minimum wages of laborers shall be
i two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
; there is no existing franchise for any
: street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
j struction of tunnels, under such rules
i and regulations as the Board may pre
■ ecribe.
27. To regulate «treet railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
I same street for any distance not ex-
I ceeding ten blocks to use the same
j tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
l fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed . nd in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
J any railroad company; and the use of
| all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in .such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. To convey lands In accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles In the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public j
auction, after advertising for five days, j
of personal property unfit or unneces- j
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus'. appropriate ,
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su- ;
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com- j
mittee consisting of three to be denom- |
mated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee, i
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit j
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and i
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by i
subpena. The Committee may at any ;
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
Uhe Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, ot over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, It shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise 'sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
■will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
I bond executed to the City and County,
! with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
| in a penal sum prescribed by the tSu
i pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the tame shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
] such bond, the whole amount of the
! penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
! such bids and award the franchise to
j the person, company or corporation of- j
fering to pay the highest stated per- J
centage of the gross receipts arising I
from the use, operation, possession or j
enjoyment of the franchise for which i
such application was made. But no j
award shall be made, nor any such ap- |
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the j
franchise shall be at least three per j
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years, i
and five per centum of the gross re- j
ceipts during the next succeeding ten !
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must bo in accordance wi.h the pro vis- !
j ions of this Charter in relation to bids
| made to the Board of P.-.Uic Works, so
j far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
i franchise for any part of the route for !
; which application was made. Tri ". cry ;
| ordinance making such grant shall re- !
i quire the concurrence of three-fourths of
1 all the members of the Board of Super-
Visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
terrene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It :
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
| after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
i streets, shall become the property of :
I the City and County; and that the
| grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of |
i said conditions shall work an immedl- !
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
,or from any of said conditions. On or
I before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
j with the Clerk of the Board of Super
| visors a sworn statement of the gross
j receipts of such railway for the pre
: ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
: that the franchise shall not be renewed ■
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
I the rates of fare to be charged by those
! using, operating, possessing or enjoy- '
: ing the franchise, and that the Finance
, Committee of the Board shall at all
i times be permitted to examine and ex
j pert their books as to such gross re- :
! ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges '
| to erect poles or wires for transmitting
i electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
| on all the conditions and in the manner, •
! including competitive bidding and pay- j
I ment of a percentage of gross receipts.
j hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
| ther condition that the Board shall at
i all times have the right to regulate the
I charges of any person, company or cor
! poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
| inexpedient by the Board to use any of
; the property reverting to it by reason i
I of such expiration in the operation of i
j a street railroad, then the Board shall ;
have power to lease such property to i
; any person, company or corporation af- i
i ter the notice, on the terms, and in the ;
i manner above provided as to the grant- |
I ing of street railroad franchises, as far
!as the same may be applicable. But no ;
I ordinance authorizing such lease shall \
; be passed prior to ninety days next pre- :
I ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
| or authorizing a lease under the provis- ■
i ions of this section shall be in force
i from and after the expiration of thirty
' days from the date of its signature by
j the Mayor, or from and after the expi- '<
! ration of thirty days from the date of ;
j its passage by the Supervisors over his
| objections, unless within said thirty
! days a petition signed by a number of
! the electors of the City and County i
j equal to fifteen per centum of the votes '■
\ cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
j ted to the vote of the people. In such
i case said ordinance shall be submitted
i at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at saidelec- !
tion receive in its favor a majority of i
the votes cast thereon it shall have no '
force op effect for any purpose. If a 1
majority of the votes be in favor of >
such ordinance, the Board of Election '
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion I
of the canvass of the vote thereon •
I proclaim such fact, and upon such '
i proclamation said ordinance shall have i
! full force and effect as of the date !
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of ChaDter
I of this Article. p
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
| against the City and County must be
I presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from i
j which the damages are claimed to have !
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re- !
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER IH.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist- !
ence or printing for the City and Coun- i
| ty, as well as for all subsistence sup- i
| plies, drugs, and other necessary arti- !
i cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti- !
j tutions and other departments not oth- ;
erwise specifically provided for in this :
Charter, must be made bytheSupervis- \
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad- j
equate security, after publication for i
not less than ten days in the official !
I newspaper; and no purchase thereof or '
I liability therefor shall be made or ere- j
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this '<
Charter, the Board must determine j
annually what goods, merchandise. '
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed ',
by the City and County for the ensuing
i year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
, the provisions in thfs Charter provided
• as to competitive bidding for supplies
I are strictly followed, and no contract
| shall be made for any of the same un
j less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
| with a certificate of deposit or certified
! check on a solvent bank in the City
i'and County of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
■■ the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
i ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
| bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
! due on such certificate of deposit or
i check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check o.
the proceeds thereof be returned to
[ such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of tha Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors: and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the su
pervisors may dt>piffnate. Any blazer
may bid separately for any art c «
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the low ®?J
bidder for such article, and where a ma
embraces more than ore article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the ad y er " s *"
ment for proposals shall BPecifyj»ea
article required, the quality thereof
the quantity for each person, and tne
oxistina^and probable number of per
sons to Be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any Prison The
Supervisors shall require bonds
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
trnrts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the bu
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated In tho
advertisement for proposals, In tn«
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char--- of the of
fice institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed fnr
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec 2 All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
•est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
nl letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertls
: Ing at different rates for different por
; tinns thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resohitions, notice*
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for,
except in the case of the delinquent tax
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall bf»
known and designated as the "official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho^e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form,
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle "will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him. and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder In se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder, or w' i shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to thnt called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than hna
; been actually performed, or to the re
i ceipt of, a greater amount or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
}'J>een actually received, shall be deemed
;. fuilty of misfeasance and shall be re
-•jri.ov.ed from office.
,' : Sec. 5. All contracts provided for In
this Chapter must be in writing and
Executed in the name of the City and
• County by the Mayor. All such con
•■:-tru-cts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date In a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con- j
: tractor fails to enter Into the contract j
to him or i<> perform the same,
"hew bida must be invited, and a con- !
;t T a • i as provided herein In
■•".the first Instanca When the Supervis
ors believe lhat the prices bid are too
i bidders have combined to
nt competition, or that the public
.-'interest will be subserved thereby, they
reject any and all bids and cause
•the notice for proposals to be readver
llsed.
: gee 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
■for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or Illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
• • SECTION 1. On or before the first
:, Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
: shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex- !
penditure, specifying in detail the ob- j
.-■Jects. thereof, required in their respec- i
■.- tjlve departments, offices, boards and
. icoiiimissions, including a statement of i
. . salaries of their subordinates. Dv- ■
' -plicates of these estimates shall be \
V"£ent at the same time to the Auditor.
;;.-. Sec, 2. On or fore the first Monday
•pf May In each year the Auditor shall
fYtransmit to the Supervisors an estimate
. of .the probable expenditures of the
: City and County government for the
■next ensuing fiscal year, stating the j
■.amount required to meet the interest I
11,I 1 , fend-- sinking funds for all outstanding
•funded debts, and the wants of all the
'departments of the municipal govern- ;
■I "merit In detail, and showing specifically
■.-.the amount necessary to be apportion
'•■: «d .to each fund in the treasury; also i
'.' an- estimate of the amount of income
■ from fines, licenses and other sources
■■.of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon i
'.'.property, and the probable amount re- j
: quired to be levied and raised by taxa- ;
■tjon.
; .- 'Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
■", annually between the first Monday of
''• ■■.May and the first Monday of June, and |
■by a vote of a majority of all the mem- j
bers thereof make a budget of the
"'■ amounts estimated to be required to ;
-. : *n.y the expenses of conducting the
;"pifbllc business of the Cit- and County
.for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
•' : 'b.udget shall be prepared in such de- ;
.'•".taU as to the aggregate sum and the.
•' ; ifems thereof allowed to each depart
•:.raent. office, board or commission, as !
•v-tli.e Supervisors shall deem advisable.
:■•' -Before finally determining upon the |
:;}yudgot, the Supervisors shall fix such
I 'sufficient "me or times as may be
'•MWeessnry to allow the taxpayers to be ;
r.hf.-ard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times ,
.-.'so appointed for such hearing.
Vv'See. 4. Any item in said budget may,
• iV.Uhin ten days, be vetoed In whole or
jn part by the Mayor, and it shall re
■^qijlre fifteen votes of the Supervisors
■ : t4" overcome bui h veto. Action thereon
.:;fivusr be taken before the last Monday
' -of, '-June.
■:•'_:• -After.; the final estimate Is made In
•Ihocordanee herewith, it shall be* signed
:'::.-.: the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
•YijK-rviFors, and tl several sums shall
• ; :*Ti p n be appropriated for the ensuing
-: fiscal year to the several purposes and
'•■departments therein name . The esti
:%ha-te shall be filed in the office of the
".■■Auditor.
V. :':Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
' j'p be raised annually according to law,
■and collected by tax, the amounts so
. Appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
..sources of revenue.
~ •_• ' Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
jvided in this Charter, no money shall
/be drawn from the treasury unless in
..consequence of appropriations made
■by the Supervisors and upon warrants
G,jluly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
C.-". Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
'. % %xcept upon an unexhausted specific
• .v^p-nrnpriatfon.
: : : . Sec. 8. The Super-'^ors mar appro
■."prjate thirty-six thousand dollars a
■ : ypar for urgent necessities not other
.■;>wlße provided for v " law. No money
"'^hall be paid nut of this appropriation
; ."unlesß authorized by a five-sixths vote
: -.3fif "all the members of the Board of
■ .•Supervisors and approved by the
s: ■Mayor.
■••;'.-:'Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
.• .finperviForß, or for any board, depart
. 'rnent, officer or authority having power
;■ to Incur, authorize or contract liablll
'/tlea against the treasury, to incur, au
'■ .fhprize. allow, contract for, pay or ren
ter payable In the present or future. In
any one month, any expenditure, de
:'.ma.nd or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
". -expenditures, indebtedness or liability
'made or Incurred up to the time in
• puch month of making or incurring the
•' j?nme, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
'the. amount of the appropriation for
.fhe- fiscal year.
,\: .When any board, department or offl-
ICer having riower to Incur liabilities
•. against the treasury shall make any
... agreement for obtaining supplies or I
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or hoard shall register
• nuch agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable In the or
. der of sueh 1 registration. Such depart
; merit, board or officer must inform the
.'person with whom It is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
' money available or likely ** v»« avail
able in the fund from which such de
: mflnflß are payable.
■ If, at the beginning of any month,
n money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
hflv<» been expended during the pre
ceding month, fiuch unexpended sum
.. or sums, except so much thereof as may
... be required to pay all unpaid claims
•upon ructa appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended In any quo
' reedine: month of such fiscal year; but
" not afterward, except in payment of
. : Maims lawfully Incurred during such
■ fiscal year. Appropriations provided
In moot the expense of elections; for
(he support and maintenance of the
-Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
nients; and for urgent necessities,
/shall be exempt from the provisions of
. .this section.
■■■.•Sec, 10. No contracts made, the ex-
■•■pense of whose execution is not pro
; Viderl by law or ordinance to be paid
;'.by assessments upon the property ben
/. "pfl-f-ocl. ,Fhall be binding or of any force,
■■:f4Jflles*»Jt.tie Auditor shall indorse there
• ■.•■:<••) '.;.h'-<* certificate that there remains
■.. \unexr>onded and unapplied as herein
■f-fW'ided, a balance of the approprta
;:.•tl'in nr fund applicable thereto, suffl
.v*^rit to pa. the estimated expense of
, .-.iexfcutins- such contract, as certified by
. .in-- board or officer making the same.
..Tills provision shall not apply to work
:'<l>.ri<\ or supplies furnished, Involving
• Ihe •.,,'•',  ..-..,. — " '\"iJ
..;. <li.-<ml and fifty dollar?, unless the same
':1s .required by law to be done by con
.:• tract at public letting. The Aud
;.'ltpc; Khali make such indorse
•rnent upon every such contract so
"'" ' presented to him, If there remains un
...^DpJied. and. uocxper;<l,e,d such^ amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully ;
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax* to pay for the maintenance and j
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dohar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors In making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
I from licenses, fees and other sources;
! but the income to pay the interest on
! the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided tor out of the tax on property.
Bee 13. The limitation in section
1 eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
| great necessity or emergency. In such
i case the limitation may be temporarily
! suspended so as to enable the Super
■ visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such mi
i crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
1 the ordinance authorizing such action,
! and be entered in the Journal of the
Board- _.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
Into the proper fund as its proportion
i of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
i upon or paid out of the income or reve
\ nuo of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
' amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
i shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Bee. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public j
moneys, except as otherwise specifically j
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for. ______
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the I'nap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein co long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, Indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd In the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against Uk- City and County.
2. In 1 1 ■ i lidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
Income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist <>f:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
wilh the Treasurer.
3. All mon s deposited with the
Treasurer on Bpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
cribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea/ in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fundpro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common S-hool
Fund, the Parß Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir lien's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Huilding Fund
.shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Bee. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its paym.ept, m.ay be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AJSTD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de^-.quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund .s applicable,
which are not reueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to tho person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by. law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts Issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper. officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
Issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law,' and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer,- who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit . each ■ fund ;■; entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who Is by law
allowed to charge, and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare r and . deliver to ; the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, tljg najjj,<j of tJt&
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and In pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
cose or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury* for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was Incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay Into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ;,fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account In any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued: or, unless the Super
visors Khali, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the tacts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
Just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the. fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be 'an
elector of the City and County at the
time of , his '„ election, and must; have
been [ such for at least five years ; next
preceding • such time. He . shall- be
elected':: by the people and hold r om>e
for ; two years. He i shall receive lan
annual salary of six thousand dollaio.
He may, appoint a Secretary who shall
receive •an : annual i salary of x» twenty
four i hundred ' dollars; /an : usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred " dollars; c ; and ■;. a stenographer
and -stypewriter;s typewriter; who .. shall ■ receive ,an
jaunuaj palaxy otJjJne hundred dollars..
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept In legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Govr
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning: such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
I be cause for the removal of such officer
jor employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
I reporting such facts and information
I that he has done so, and such certifl
| cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceeding's as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
j chises that may have been granted by
I the CityandCounty to any person,com
j pany or corporation which have been
! forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
! of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed, franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor chall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in thia
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made In this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mcyor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER il.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and , County
shall be . designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal ; attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor,. who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four ? hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting, of such demand by the Auditor
before the same.be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, "against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by. what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. I' It ' shall be misconduct in office
for the ; Auditor to deliver; a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement : shall have been complied
with. • • ■ \-, < - ■ ;■ ; .v- : :-
Sec. 6. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has ' been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon. ,
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion ■or person in : any manner Indebted
to : the '< City - and County. >} except ? for
taxes not ' delinquent, ; without first > de
ducting the i amount ;of i any ; indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement ' ; of ■;■. public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved i and ; allowed
as herein required; \ nor in favor of any
..officer who \ fea* neglect^ t£> make j bis.
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section tat
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
ticn for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If .he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the Silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody bock, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make- the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and da tod. and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with tho amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless It specify each
several Item, date and amount compos-
Ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of tho funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6.. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this ' Charter, required, shall in all cases
be paid 'unon: presentation,' if there be
sufficient money in , the ; treasury ap
plicable to • the payment of such de
mand, and on ""-"merit canceled with
a : punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the ? proper ■■ entry thereof
made.- i If, however, there: be • not • suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered ;in a book , kept ;■ for that
purpose by the. Treasurer. 1 - Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,*
, and also : by. ■ the Auditor to : each. da,_
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer: but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTEB IV. -i jj f
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
■ ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
! who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
j ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during fcur months of the
I year not more than one hundred clerks
! who shall each be paid at the rate of
i not more than one hundred dollars a
i month during the time of their employ
| nient.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V. iv ..|, \ f i
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
! not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
I a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
i lect all licenses which may at any time
: be required by law or ordinance to be
; collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
j ied upon real and personal property
■ within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
_ cording to law, or this Charter. He
S shall pay Into the treasury, without
! any deduction for commissions, fees or
j charges of any kind or on any ac»
i count, the full amount of all taxes, as
i sessments and moneys received by him,
| and nor previously paid over, includ
. ing all moneys paid under protest, and
I money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
| He shall also be charged with, and ba
I debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon the
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
', collection, unless it appear to the satis
: faction of the Supervisors expressed by
i resolution, that it was out of his power
i to collect the same by levy and sale of
I property liable to be seized and sold
j therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
| for the collection of delinquent taxes,
; and may agree rtn paying him as com
; pensation therefor a stated percentage
j out of the amounts recovered; but such
; percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persona
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
|he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
I may demand the exhibition of any
! license for the current term from any
i person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may ba
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from time
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respeo
tively and the class of licenses, anfl
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
] Auditor a report under oath of all
j licenses sold and on hand, and of all
i amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
j scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who .shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual a'aryof twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who Fhall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatio? 1 at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
gee. 2. The Recorder shall take Intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited In
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and Bhall number consecutively
all Instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such Interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
in the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be In full
compensation for all services Including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, ami wuo shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
}{,' shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years, He must be ..t the time of his
flection an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He Bha- devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Bee. -. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or In equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th,e City
und County, and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
clal proceedln - exists in favor of the
City and County, he BhaU commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named In this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing:, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit-- and County. He
phall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do bo b- the Mayor and Supervisors.
See. ". Tie shall keep on file in h!s
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or aroceed
in^s In his charge in which the City
and County is Interested.
Bee. 4. He : hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description In his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County", to his successor in office,
who shall "Ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
snail receive an anntfal salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars: the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and* the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh ■ shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars: an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine rnindred
dollars: a stenographer and typewriter
Who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary In preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
•who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been so qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold "their
office? at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
hlm.
CHAPTER IH.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
Bhall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified .to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ;.t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollar?.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and nil actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County: deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the" Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Sec 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual nalary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall. act as
the prosecuting attorneys of t the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
• When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys In the Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
•any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his- appointment, be qualified to
practice in nil the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified; for at
least two yenrs next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
■Jy».<umoliLt one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as In this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Cmrt who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
See 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, In
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
Office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane- persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars: one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars:
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol-
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There Is hereby created
! and established in and for the City and
j County of San Francisco a Co-urt to be
i known as the Police Court of the City
! and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
j shall be elected by the people and hold
! office for four years. They shall each
j receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
i of the City and County at the time of
i their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
j Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
i known as Department Number One,
| Department Number Two, Depart
| ment Number Three and Department
j Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
j selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two, years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose fromtheirnumbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as-
Fipn the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
I preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of Son Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are no^y ox.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A"N"D COUNTY OF SAN 1 RAIN CISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings In Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine Imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been fifed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted In said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this Stato. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall keep his
ofpee open continuously night and day
lor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints In actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds "taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I, , Warrant and Bond
Cierk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find It good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the?
property, its owners and Incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him, or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are Issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
nnd ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court In which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases In the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long: hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The MayoT may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge ef the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec, 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Courftr
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec. 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedingspendlnginsaidCourt
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow r , and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
fcforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man-
agement of three Commissioners who !
shall constitute the Board of Public j
Works, and who shall give all their I
time during official business hours to j
the duties of their office. The members \
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he j
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not \
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political !
party. No person shall be eligible for j
appointment as such Commissioner un- !
less he is, and has been for at least five !
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each j
of said Commissioners shall receive an j
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve j
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be j
elected by the members thereof for |
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each j
case hold office until his successor has !
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The |
Board may employ such clerks, ;juper- !
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but I
no compensation to any of said persons !
shall be greater than is paid In the !
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keqp a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th*
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a%
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through ths
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Board no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places anii
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors ana
employees as are needed for such pur
pose ;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and bounty;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by the
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o. the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear un said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days 1 labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been k -s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the "same !
power In the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges Tor the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from tkne to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said,
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have art erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
jiceompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first In
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid' into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded lias, in r>re
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced In such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Fee. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be aPP^™* */**
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank, for said amount, for the
faithful performance of - the f contract.
No surety on any bend, other than law
fully authorized surety companies
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real Property, the
assessed value of . which over -and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all -bonds
on which he may be security ■to the
City and County; and each, surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond)., signed by him. that he is
assessed upon the last , Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his 1 ability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent. .  .. i.i_-
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event,
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety daysoe
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of PubLQ
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors. In case Of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of tha
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11. is§ij£j.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pubnc streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tue Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by taid Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or< nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If aji application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of Baid work or Improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the sam,e done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record In the office of said
x> 03.r0.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
ft -L nt ect ea^- h Other at ri * ht angles.
i*f' ! ? Ece cl \. such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crossing will be benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited
Such map shall transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending' to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of* which
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspie
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement: but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall bo
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, end shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of
resolution, its date. and. briefly the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
♦v Se< ; 4- * The o ™ ers of a majority of
the frontage of the pror-rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement
and, in case of a district, those owninfmore than one-half of the superficial
urea of the district, may make writteu
objections to the same within ten days
uiter the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion. Which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six month 3
to any further proceedings in relation
tv the doing of suid work or making
said lmpro\ ement, unless the owners of
the ont.--h.idt or more of tha frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if Bald Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superliciai area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther pruceedin^'-s shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
\\ hen the work or improvement pro-
I to Lie done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
t<; -:,.><! by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
jr.iid, the Board shall, at its next meet-
Qx a time for hearing said objec-
B, not less than one week there
alter. The Secretary shall thereupon
y the persons making such objec
. by depositing; a notice thereof in
the Post otllce at the City and County,
■ prepaid, and addressed to each
i <>r or his agent when he appears
for su.-h objector. At the time speci
ba Board shall hear the objections
:. and pass upon the same, and its
ion shall be final and conclusive;
: said objections are overruled the
■Mings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provld
1 .wners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may lile with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
s»ha!l state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object Such petition or remon-
Btrance shall be passed upon by the
■1, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
5. When the * i.ntomplated work
or Improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
tnmend to the Supervisors that the
expense of Buch work or improvement
b.- made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
by s.ii-l work or improvement
and to >. assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
l.- b< Dented by said work or Improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
Bald obje< tions before it and the Board
. at Its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making Buch objections by depositing
a roth-.- thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
b objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and p;i*s upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall lie linal and conclusive
aa to the extent and boundaries of tha
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing- had thereon as above pro
vided: and bo on in like manner until
a district has f n Bet out to the ex
tent ami boundaries of which all ob-
Je< lions shall be overruled by the Board
—its decision in that behalf" to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
■ shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
.-in affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
ur with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
Bhall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
Bhall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work in or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
i xpenses, the rate per front foot as
• ■<!, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be. written
opposite the number of the lot and the
... led thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
. elative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
! with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
J.-'-n done, said assessment shall in
clud« an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
. 8. The expense of all work or
improvement done upon any part of
paid streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of th« General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the Fame, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
Streets and highways.
h of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to» property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking, :
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap- j
ping any street, or portion thereof, and j
of all curbs thereon, and of all work i
done on sidewalks, Bhall be assessed j
upon the lands within the block or j
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherw ise.
Third.— The expense of all work on j
such portion of any street required by j
law to be kept In order by any person, ,
| company, or corporation, having rail- ,
, road tracks thereon, shall be borne and j
paid for by such person, company or i
corporation, and shall be included in j
j the assessment hereinbefore provided i
; for.
No assessment shall be levied upon I
any property, which, together with all j
I assessments for street improvements ;
j that may have been levied upon the |
same property during the year next j
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value ;
; at which said property was assessed j
; upon the last preceding Assessment
1 Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
I where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
! district as hereinafter provided, such
I expense, other than that to be paid
! by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
! shall be assessed upon the lots and
I lands fronting thereon, except as here
i inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
Improvement except such as is done by
I contractors under the provisions of sec
| tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
| streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
1 alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
i cepted, as provided in section twenty
; three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands aa provided in
this section according to the nature
i and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
! the work done on main street cross- j
ings shall be assessed at a uniform j
rate per front foot on the quarter ;
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining j
and cornering upon the crossings, and j
separately upon the whole of each lot j
or portion of a lot having any front
! age in the said blocks fronting on said
i main streets, half way to the next main
! street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as-
I sessed upon the lots in each of the two
: quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
j and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
S fronting on the latter half of the street
i at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
I or subdivision street crosses a main
j street, the expense of all work done on j
! said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said j
alley or subdivision street to the next j
crossing or intersection, or to the end ;
of such alley or .subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work •
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi- |
i vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next j
street, place, or court, on either side, .
respectively, or to the end of such al- ]
ley or subdivision street, if it does not \
! meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis- !
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
I expense of the work done on one-half j
I the width of the subdivision street,
' avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
I the termination, shall be assessed upon
I the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
j vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
j place, or court so terminating, accord
! ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
j on each side, respectively, to the next
! street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
i place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any -work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a Btreet for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
i any street, the width and grade of
j which have been established by the
! Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
i so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
; full v.-idth, or to the centre line thereof,
! and to its grade as then established,
j and thereupon may procure, at his or
| their own expense, a certificate from
I the City Engineer setting forth the
! number of cubic yards of cutting and
i filling made by him or them in said
i grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
Interest, shall be entitled tocreditonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting ar»l filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has/teen legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chang-d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD COTJKTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
spondlng credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
againßt the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any Bums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owner 3
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any. work to be done of the sam<?
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided In subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to gracing contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Worka
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in' said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall b-* a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said re.cord
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record-
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In said
a;;sr ;-;pment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
theieof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
ha delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
conlinctor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
jur"prment of any court in this State
having Jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ii!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any Buch assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
arolher assessment to be issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make anri deliver to
said applicant a new assessmsnt, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upefo oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
I and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
! suit has been commenced shall operate,
i without the consent of the plaintiff in
j the action, as a complete discharge of
! the lien until the costs in the action
i shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
! ment upon the books of its office on
!• the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt f the party or his assigns to
i whom the assessment and warrant
! were issued. If any contractor shall
I fall to return his warrant within the
| time and in tha form provided in this
i section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
t same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
j shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
j In the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
' sons directly interested in any work
| provided for In this Chapter, or In the
I assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
! act or determination of the Board of
• Public Works in relation thereto, or
j who claim that the work has not been
i performed according to the contract in
! a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
i thirty days after the date of the war
j rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
' briefly stating their objections in writ
; ing and filing the same with the Clerk
|of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
j and place of the hearing, briefly re
i ferring to the work contracted to be
I done, or other subject of appeal, and
i to the acts, determinations or proceed-
I ings objected to or complained of, shall
jbe published for five days. Upon such
j appeal the Supervisors may remedy
i and correct any error or informality
! In the proceedings, and revise and cor
! rect any of the acts or determinations
I of the Board relative to said work,
I may confirm, amend, set aside, alter.
' modify or correct the assessment In
such manner as to them shall seem
i just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
| tion direct the Board of Public Works
| to correct the warrant, assessment or
j diagram in any particular, or to make
! and issue a new warrant, assessment
I and diagram to conform to the dccl
i sions of the Supervisors In relation
] thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
lof the Supervisors, upon notice and
I hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
'. conclusive upon all persons entitled to
| appeal under the provisions of this
■ section, as to all errors, informalities
i and irregularities, which the Supervis
| ors might have remedied and avoided;
j and no assessment shall be held in
j valid, except upon appeal to the Su
! pervisors, as provided in this section,
i for any error, informality or other
1 defect in the proceedings prior to the
I assessment, or in the assessment it
i self, where the Board of Public Works
'• has acquired jurisdiction to make the
' same. \
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
i of thirty-five days from the day of the
! date of the warrant, or if an appeal
'■ has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
! at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
; peal, or after the return on the war
■ rant, after the same may have been
[ corrected, altered or modified, as here
| in provided, but not less than -within
j thirty-five days from the date of the
i -warrant, the contractor or his assignee
' may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
; tions of lots assessed on the day of
j the date of the recording of the war
i rant, assessment and diagram, or any
i day thereafter during the continuance
| of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
! remaining unpaid, with interest there-
I on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
I has been made and a refusal to pay
I such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
i gram, -with the affidavit of demand and
\ non-payment, shall be held prima facie
I evidence of the regularity and correct
i ness of the assessment and of the prior
I proceedings and acts of the Board of
i Public Works and of the Supervisors
i upon which said warrant, assessment
j and diagram are based, and like evidence
! of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
I the action. The Court in which said suit
1 shall be commenced shall have power
I to adjudge and decree a lien against
! the lots of land assessed, and to order
\ such premises to be sold on execution
! as in other cases of the sale of real
; estate by the process of said Courts.
j In all actions brought to enforce the
i lien of assessments made pursuant to
■ the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of tho
j roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al-
I ley, court or place, or any portion of
! any sidewalk, in the City and County.
I none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing: thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience In the use thereof, the Board
! of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
i place, by a notice in writing, to be de
j livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
i he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
j The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
I without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
i the owner, tenant, or occupant, aft»r
I the specifications for the dninpr of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It in its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
i office on or before the second day after
! the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall he
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved in
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all time? after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twentv-fnur hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
1 end comnleted without delay to the sat
lsfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
o-f the Board, It shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public AVorks has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
I said work and materials, and of the
I right of the contractor to recover for
j the same in such action. Said certifl
! cate shall be recorded by the Board of j
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for In this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty Bhall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
In the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec, 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
i possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
; by law, if legally sold on execution, and
! may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain possession of. said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
; from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
j Board of Public Works shall have the
' same force and effect as other public
I records, and duly certified copies
i therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
i Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
I inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices In writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
; by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
j of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
| and water pipes are properly laid !
j therein, the same shall bo accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
| out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance I
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be I
j then unnecessary. In such case the lots
I of land previously or at any time as
! sessable for the cost of constructing a !
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re- I
pairs and restoration of the
j damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of I
Public Works shall keep in Its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curba.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
I this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
' ent shall have transferred to the City
I and County all right to the use of the
! same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall Include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, c>r that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it Indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such mt.p or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided In this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in 6aid Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement sequires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an,
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of th»
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolutibn of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution,
of Intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
Bame, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially repon
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of th«
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting th»
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, tha
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publlo
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, aa
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation *»•tween the value of said lot in Its en
tirety and its value as reduced In size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time or
said inquiry. Independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of sucn
Intended Improvement, and the Boara
thai! fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners there, or.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lands.
Sec 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested In such valua
tion and assessment Bhall have the
light to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any Interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
cf the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known Cand if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any Inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said Improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the lm
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon tne payment
of the VcJue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged ir. said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
flrmatlon of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
B notice of the filing of said report and \
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any pacty interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
• ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. [Jpon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
phall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hoar the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
name, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
Hen upon each lot of land described in
Raid report for the amount assessed
r gainst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
ot each and every of the* lots of land
red necessary for the purpose of
lmprov< ment, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed "by such
nent Raid lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
'y discnarged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
paid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
.Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
Bald report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
*-*ned. and recorded, together with said,
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax i
Collector shall, if any part of said as- !
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered !
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain, i
to be not more than ten days after the i
expiration of said publication, sell such |
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess- I
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per I
centum on the amount due on each as- I
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses x>f said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond thac necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenuca of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid Into tha treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed In '
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
merit; and upon the delivery to the :
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- |
celve compensation for any lot of land
bo taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap- j
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
eaid person the amount awarded for
Bald lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
Incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots Is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war- |
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by tha
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer- I
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed i
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an*
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the 6ame, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board In the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con- ,
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been, audited by the Auditor, col- j
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
he provided in said judgment that be- j
fore receiving the proceeds of said war- '
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out In
such recommendation; but no grade
; shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, aB are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
; are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the E'lper
i visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
; of drainage, which shall embrace all
'. matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
! City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
, recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
; sewer, and determine the place and .
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
1 to the Supervisors rules and regula- '
tions concerning the public and private '
sewers and drains in the City and •!
County, and upon recommendation of,
said Board, the Supervisors are author- j
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with, j
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
; mit in writing from said Board, and •
complying with the rules and regula- 'i
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom- i
mend to the Supervisors the construe- |
tion of such , canals, sewers, tunnels, ;
ditches, , drains, embankments, - reser- I
voirs, pumping works, machinery and I
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate-drains already, constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
I Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
I property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation :of any , real estate
i which may be necessary for the con
! struction of any sewer or the making of
i any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con-
J, struct anj sawer or other improvement.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided In this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbor* and Wharves.
SECTION L All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfulfy ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Publlo Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the Im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
BIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Soard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
. ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal part^'. The term of office of the Di
: rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
; out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The 3oard shall organize by
! electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
: elect a Secretary who shall not be a
1 member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred l >llars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
i once a week and at such other times as
•it may determine. It shall establish
' rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every Instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes o-f the Board.
CHAPTER LL
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTEB HL
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfltness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due Investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy:
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To Investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to. take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
In each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the SuDerintend
ent of Common ho< Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found In
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board fail or neglect to fill
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-ities of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
fl'led by the Superintendent of Com-
Dion Schools.
i &. To sue in the name of tjae City and,
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conce.-iing the enjoy
ment and possession cf sach lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance In the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated, shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday In
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
| entire monthly salary roll of the De
' partment shall be made up by the Sec
; retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
i endorsed in the same manner as other
■ demands. The salary roll so audited,
j approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
■ be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offt-
I clal newspaper and by an affirmative
I vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
j school, educational purpose, or school
| library; to carry into effort the terms
i of any bequest not in conflict with the
, general laws or this Charter; and to sell
: such personal property as shall no
i longer be required for uso in the
: schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid » into the
i treasury' to the credit of the Common
j School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be-
I fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to he required by the
; School Department for the ensuing fis
i cal year, stating in clear and explicit
j terms the quantity and kind of articles
i needed and how and when they shall be
I delivered, and shall invite proposals for
; furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least tefi days in the
! official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo
i sals, the awarding of contracts and the
J security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
■ year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
i port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
i time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taught in each school,
: the average dally attendance of pu-
I plls in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
j held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which sufch money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
| other information as may be required
, by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
! each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
| for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
! School Department.
CHAPTEB IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of |
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
! pupils from grade to grade, from
j school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
I courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
I public schools a.nd the purchase of such
; apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
j which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
I six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
echool in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Boafd of Education, and
I the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
| the Board of Education.
8. For Immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, Intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April In each year, report to the Super
i visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
' amount of money which shall not cx
i ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
j for each pupil in attendance during the
| preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
I or great calamity, such as disaster from
j fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
1 approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
: incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
! cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
' houses in place of those so injured or
I destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
i ordinance, cause to be transferred to
! the Common School Fund, from moneys
i in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
! sufficient money to liquidate such cx
i pendltures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on j
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed !
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an-- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to. or connected with, or under the
control of. the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, 1* the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b»
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. S. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER TO.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
! the purpose of maintaining such
1 Library and Reading Rooms and
; such branches thereof as the Board of
i Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and ~ersonal
i property, and for constructing such
i buildings as may be necessary, an
; nually levy a tax on all property in
! the City and County not exempt from
| taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
! two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
i Fund.
Sec. S. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
Into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sea 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not Inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest In the City and
County, and In the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint In a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of Its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property. mon<"\ receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all Its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of .all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
j thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
: ment upon vouchers, certified by the
; President and Secretary, of money
i from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.'
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to ere^t
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
j the use, either in whoje or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
: and Co-unty, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
i branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his . appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER H.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, twp, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office In the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may b^ held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board ehaAl
meet at least once a week In the rooms
of the Police Department or I* <***<*
public emergency at such placei Mtw
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of Its proceedings, ana
in every case where a power "»•*•£■
clsed by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein. ,
CHAPTEE ITL | ;
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Polio*
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the ve
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of sucn
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted In a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom tha
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be In writing, signed
by the person making- the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
I to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
! special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
i regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
I all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction or
such property as shall consist of im
! plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
; eminent of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
i teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
: the Board for special meetings The
'• Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police,
SECTION L The Chief of Police shaft
be appointed by the Board of Police
Comxnissio. ers and hold office for
| the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control.
'< management and direction of all mem
j bers of the Department in the lawful
i exercise of his functions, with full
': power to detail any of them to such,
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
j any member of the Department. In all
I cases of such suspension, he shall lm
j mediately report the same to the Board
; with the reasons therefor In writing.
; He shall maintain and enforce law an<X
1 rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
; shall, subject to the directions and or-
I ders of the Commissioners, have con
1 trol of such of the prisons of the City
1 and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
■ riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
I public peace, or organized resistance
i against the laws or public authority,
i the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
i exercise of his functions, have all the
| powers that are now or may be con
> ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
i State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such,
other orders and process as may be
placed In his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall hay©
the Statutes of this State and of ths
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case ot his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department whera
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keeoers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief" Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in.
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
suoh amounts as may be required.
See. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos.
sess powers of general police inspection
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings must first procure permits from tha
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
! empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
| to have been pawned, pledged^ deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officer! ot. Ihe Police Department shall consist of
'Captains, who shall each receive an
: uinual salary of twenty-four hundred
• iollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants, :
a- ho shall each receive an annual salary
it fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
Balary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars. _
Sec 2. There shall be one Captain ,
Cor each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be denned
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
■Chief of Police.
• Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The dv
• ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
•by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as In the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Bee. 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as In the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be defined b~ the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
ra.r.k as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of th(» Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police OlH< er for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec -. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person <>f such offender, and take
from, him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
to the Property Clork, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
f according to law.
. 3. I'olico Officers shall be health
rs by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con-
Bid. -red.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violating
af rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no tine shall ever be imposed
Ft any one time for any offense ex
ceeding cmc month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or t.> punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
nfter a fair and impartial trial before
thf Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
.specifically the acts complained of. and
aft.T BUCh reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rulf> prescribe. The ac
cusod shall bo entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
"Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
; EJECTION 1. All property or money
.. .taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
■ ceeds of crime, and all property or
." money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
•property or money lost or abandoned
•... that may in any way come into the
•possession or custody of any member
.of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
: erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
. celved, the names of any claimants
; thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
.;. final disposition thereof.
. V Sec. 2. When property or money taken
.from any person arrested, or otherwise
...under suspicion of having been feloni
;.. ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
.•■ of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
h a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
: ; the person arrested is innocent of the
.: offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
' money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Fee. 3. All unclaimed property and
" money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be ■Id at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the 'official
, newspaper; and the proceeds of such
pale shrill be paid into the treasury to
- - the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
. erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
: taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
t the expiration of three years from the
time the same Is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
• make diligent Inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
..-should by right be payable.
■;. •: '..-Sec. 4. If any property or money in
■ tae custody of the Property Clerk be re-
. quired as evidence in any Court, it
•/•Shall be delivered to any officer who
..-.■.■.Shall present an order In writing to
■<h;it effect from such Court, and the
■ftleiks of such Court shall be vesponsi
'•■•;ble; for the safe delivery of such prop
.;.-e.rty or money to the Property Clerk.
.", .'V.c. '!>. All valuables and money. In
■ .;the custody of the Property. Clerk shall
".I?'e .deposited by him for safe keeping
-.fyWith the Treasurer In such manner and
• B&bjcct to such rules and regulations
.' • 4s. may be prescribed by the Board.
:'. '}; V\ CHAPTER IX.
:..•■=■ •
.■' • ' Present Police Force.
:}■ \ SECTION 1. All members of the
..' jSresent Police .Force in good standing
• :.Iri. the Department at the time this
.Charter goes into effect, and the Park
..'Police, shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
shull be eubiect to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund. |
SECTION 1. In order to continue in j
force and make effectual pensions j
already existing in favor of the Police |
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be ;
known and designated as the Police j
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
Of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com- !
mlssioners may, by a unanimous vote, |
retire and relieve from service any j
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the i
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon j
an examination by two regularly cer- i
tificated practicing physicians appointed j
by the Commissioners for that pur- j
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re- ,
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- |
"' sion Fund a monthly pension equal to ;
one-half of the amount of the salary .
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire- j
ment. No such pension shall be paid j
unless such person has been an active i
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his |
retirement, and the same shall cease at j
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his tiling with the Cnmmis
sioners a verified petition setting forth i
the farts constituting such disability |
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension i
equal to one-half the amount of salary \
attached to the rank which he may |
have held three years prior to the date j
of such retirement, to be paid to him :
i during his life and to cease at his
'■■ death. In case his disability shall cease i
his pension shall cease, and he shall be !
j restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement.
Bee. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department j
, who may be killed while in the per- j
formance of his duty, as follows:
i First— Should tho decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be pnid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary ,
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death-
Second— Should the decedent leave no ,
i widow, but leave an orphan child or i
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive j
j a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
: widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such :
parents, so depending, shall collectively ;
j receive a pension equal to one-half the j
' salary attached to the position held by j
! the decedent at the time of his death, !
during such time as the Commissioners j
may unanimously determine its ne- j
cesslty.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen-
Bion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con- j
victed of felony, shall become dissi- ;
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State, ,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. "When any member of the De- j
partment shall, after ten years' service, |
die from natural causes, then his wid
: ow, and if there be no widow, then his i
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
| deceased member and paid Into the Re-
I lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
! sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
: shall have received any pension" under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
| force compliance therewith on the part
;of the members of the Department. It
! shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
■ certify the same to the Supervisors in
j connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants,
; signed by its President and Secretary,
i to the persons entitled thereto, for the
! amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
; Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
\ quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
: Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
i President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
: as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
i President and Secretary of the Board
| shall be presented to the Auditor, and
; be audited and ordered paid by him
I out of said Fund.
| Sec. m. The Board of Police Pension
; Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
I its necessary expenses, not exceeding
; fifty dollars for any one month, includ
! ing the salary of the Secretary and
! printing. No compensation shall be
| paid to any member of the Board for
| any duty required or performed as Po
i lice Relief and Pension Fund Commiß
| sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
! ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
'and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
Imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor morw
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-flve per centum of all fines
collected In money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as Bhall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relict
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
; shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
! ing of four members, who shall be ap
i pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commiesion
! er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
'. years next preceding nis appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
I party. The term of office of the Com
i rnissioners shall be four years. Those
i first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
. ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
i County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtu© of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Fee. 4. The Commissioners shall or
: ganlze by electing one of their number
1 President who shall hold office for one
! year. The Board may appoint a Secre
■ tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
| public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
! Department, create and establish such
: fire companies as it may deem neees
' sary. prescribe the number and duties
! of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
; propriations made for the use of the
! Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be cltl
zens of the United States, not lees than
i twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
| years o-f age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
i years next preceding the date of their
! appointment, must pass a medical ex
] amination under such rules and regu
i lations as may be prescribed by the
i Commissioners, and upon such exam
| ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
■ transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
j transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
j Commissioners.
Sec. S. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
. into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neees
\ sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
i tion of such rules and regulations may
j impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as th«
I Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
: ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
j the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
j and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
j the Fire Department Corporation
j Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
I stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
i gineer and the Secretary of the Com
■ missioners; but during a conflagration,
I such material or apparatus as may be
i required for the purpose of extinguish
i ing such conflagration may be with
j drawn from said Corporation Yards by
I order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
j officer in charge of the force of the
j Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
j to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
Bhall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All. future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in ,the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department Bhall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while tn the actual
performance of his therein so as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER IH.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ara
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing puoh suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to The Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability of
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
In charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company Bhall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Earh Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company Bhall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain. oTic Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen,' one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may l>e
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the oflice of Fire Marxhal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and In no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur In the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for Inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in oftlce shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, Infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member -of the Fire. Pc
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the amount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p* -ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at «the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces-
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, Bhall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary' and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Comnilssioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred ddl
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; "Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing All the .rules, regulations, pr
ders apd requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings In the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
'.heir appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall Berve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 8. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the public
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned In
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes find duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Penartment shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Soc. 6. The Board may appoint B
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged In
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 0. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary- They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficipnt cnusp, subject to an appeal
to 1 , and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a- Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the fh'e members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, as the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party, and if not, then nt
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Pec. 2. No member of thp Board, nor
Registrar, nor Denutv Registrar shall.
during 1 his lerm of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be elicible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election excent to
vote and when nctinp as Flection Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only su^h official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The terra
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held !»
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year ona
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for tout
years. The Superintendent of Publio
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold oflce only
until the hour of noon on the flr?,t Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It Is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
' To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object cx
i pressed in this provision shall have
! been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi-
n eer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
i completion by the City and County of
! water works, gas works, electric light
| works, steam, water or electric power
i works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such, other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
j the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
' of water works by the City and County,
; the Supervisors must procure and place
; on file plans and estimates of the cost
lof obtaining from all of the several
! available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set for.th.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
I to be first acquired, and to formulate
i and submit to the electors of the City
I and County, at a special election, prop
| ositions for the permanent acquisition
| and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sala
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
j public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission,
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shnll be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall alpo have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in.
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall bo deemed re
jected.
Nothing In this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same a»
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under tho
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the city
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shail
be lawful to inquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
epecify in such proposition the cost .of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall bo acquired
upon such terms.
In case however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded Indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the Issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
In section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, th>' Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
m-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth In
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition, of such utility and
tho Incurring of the Indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec, 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall Issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against Incurring such Indebted
ness. Such election shall be held aa
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub- I
lished daily for at least ten days in the j
official newspaper. At the expiration i
of said ten days the Supervisors shall !
cause to be published daily for not less '
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
burred, the number and character of I
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment j
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in- i
curred for the acquisition of any public i
utility under the provisions of this Ar- i
tide, which, together with the existing ;
bonded indebtedness of the City and |
County, shall exceed at any one time j
fifteen per centum of the Assessed value
of all real and personal property in the j
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the !
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
end shall be payable in lawful money j
of the United States. The Supervisors I
shall decide at the times of the issue I
of the bonds in what lawful money of ]
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in- ,
terest on all sums unpaid at such date. !
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
gTeater than one thousand dollars, and j
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable !
annually, semi-annually or quarterly, j
as the Supervisors may detprmlne. I
Buch bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
us required, and in such quantities as i
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
Bealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have thf* right to reject any or nil
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and obiecta
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accompliph^d. aft*r which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be counteracted by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and signed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time nn<l in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
-M*ute causa for" the removal, from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
«
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devotsd to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person ac the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap- |
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service. It shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether In or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office. In which a position classified
under this Article Is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may. with the ar>
proval of the Commissioners, makt
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy-
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Work*,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed In this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
[or employees in any of £he- offices or.
CHARTEB FOR THE CITY AISTD COUNTY OF 9AK FRAKCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak«
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the Clt>
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis^
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b*
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof;. and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created ot
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein j
provided for, and the conduct and '
action of the appointees in the j
classified service in the City and j
County, and may inquire as to ;
the nature, tenure and compensation j
of all places in the public service there- 1
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes j
of this Article. The Mayor may re- j
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shail em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per- j
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner j
shall be Secretary of the Commission ;
by virtue of his office. He shall keep |
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all !
reports made to it, and keep a record of i
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur- '
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred i
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by J
himself, or in co-operation with other j
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any ;
person in respect to his or her right of j
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret Infor- !
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to ;
places of employment in the classified ;
civil service, aid all vacancies occurring j
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna- i
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors In office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be Mitered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by the Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park*,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
.days, Suudayß excepted, in. the ©CcjaL
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is Introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received, from
any source tor the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donors
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate In the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part ofany
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not Inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildinga
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to sach person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in overy
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane-pleasure
purposes only. No such building shall
be constructed by the Board except it
ne within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be accessary to conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe.
rkd not greater than six months, aid
so as not to interfere wUh the u:-:e ot
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted t^xoupt such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
. r Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall l:e used for th^ purposes eh
a.ny atich Fair cr Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the Comnv.mtnnierr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County fur service in
said parks, squares, avertwSfl and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinance of the
Commissioners; and the Crmmissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of sa t d public pla es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of l.he ordinances of the Board may lie
detained temporarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as It
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
•express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art. shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character. Intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not be less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OP OFFICIALS.
• SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, ' before entering upon 'i the ■ din
charge of their ; official duties, 4 shall
respectively give •■ and ■ . execute :; to *; the
City and County such official bonds as
may ; be ; required '. by i law, $ ordinance ] or
this Charter When the amount of any
bond Is not fixed by law or by this
X3btarte^lt^flhaU bo, fixed: by an ordl
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be Indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also 1 Be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. "When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety- upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a. surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6.' Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties fnr the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was! elected or ap
pointed, acquire an Intefest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County,
Sec. 8. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month uf
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be t»
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
i treasury not authorized by law, ordi-
I nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
! the City and County individually and
i on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
: in this Charter shall be entitled to the
I possession of all papers, books, docu
j ments, maps, plats, records and ar
i chives in the possession or under the
j control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall be>
I open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
| and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Polics
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
I eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
i o'clock In the afternoon; and, in ad
| dition thereto, from the first day of
i November until the last Monday of De
! cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
: or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
i uty in any office or department, who
1 has been found guilty of malfeasance
|in office, bribery or other infamous
; crime or who in any capacity has em
, bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti-
I eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
! use of the City and County, coming into
j the hands of any officer of the City and
I County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
. the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
I he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
I Supervisor, may be suspended by the
! Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
| for cause; and any appointed officer
! may be removed by the Mayor for
| cause. The Mayor "shall appoint some
! person to discharge the duties of the
i office during the period of such sus
1 pension. ■
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
! pend any elected officer he shall im
; mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
I defense. If by an affirmative vote of
! not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
! action of the Mayor is approved, then
I the suspended officer shall thereby be
! removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
• suspended officer shall be immediately
'. reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from, office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
! employee, shall have the right to re
move any j erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
j thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor
Sec. 23. Wherever It Is provided lii
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
| terms of office shall expire at different
S times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof
certified by the Secretary thereof and
! signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
I refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such,
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not In good, faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less ea4d grantees, or thelr_assjgna shalh
within six months after this Charter
£ effect, in t good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
nrlvileee or franchise. or resolutions
sic 27 All ordinances or resolutions
forthe improvement of any street for
which no Contract, shall have been en
tered ■ into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed. _
Sec 28 All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter, takes effect and + not In
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed. _
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
-determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building qr
improvement, the cost of which in aa
dition to the other expenses or the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they^ must ny
ordinancepassedLy the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members . or
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind o£
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of "the. sales of such bonds snail
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to. ___■ '_*
Sec. 81. No member of the Board or
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter. _- '...._.«
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a .member or any
partisan convention the purpose or
which is to nominate candidates for
office: nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any .political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such- convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to Influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part In the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner Influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty- four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. "When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and • provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
. Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, In
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter In the mo-nth of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and. County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall . forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining In the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the | Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension | Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in : the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect : shall , forthwith be transferred Ito
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. ; The balance remaining in the Spe
cial v Deposit Fund 'at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this \ Charter. : The balance
remaining in the General Fund at ; the
time this , Charter takes effect the
balance | remaining in the I Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department : Fund at the time
this : Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in ; the V Police: Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining ;: in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the : balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
s time this Charter takes ■• effect, ■ shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred ;• to the General < Fund
J-SSSMJBE thi^ Charter. 7 Out of th»said General Fund shall be paid, as In
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
Mich expenses as are hy this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
snj'l departments shall expend the
tfioneyß apart to each of them by
th>- Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
Bftt apart by said Hoard of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
ye«r ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
sh^ll remain unexpended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
■:|teaded during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
Its chnrere. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
.of Specific funds shall be paid during
p-'iid six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
■l.Mins municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
moijthß, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter* have no money
specifically provided for It during said
Fix months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
Pfven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
OUt of thf General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
r.nd County of San Francisco, and the
peveral funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
ttie funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned In this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity "or their continuance ceases.
Fee. 3S. "When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days In The San Francisco Call
.and In the Daily Report, daily news
.: .{tapers of general circulation In the
City and County "f San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
■the year one thousand eight hundred
at7<l ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
■ to the qualified electors of said City
.■■■.and T " : Ban Francisco, at a spe
c.iaJ election which shall be held on that
:day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
. tlv- adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said <
i'ity and County voting at said election ;
• shall ratify the same it shall be sub- j
■ .hiitted to the Legislature of the State j
■ (ft California for its approval or rejec- |
■ tton. If the Legislature shall approve j
■..'the same, it shall take effect and be In
•'.•."•force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
■iin.the Hist Monday after the first day
>qf January in the year nineteen hun
:. and Bhall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
. fjul County of San Francisco, and shall
•; fupersede the existing Charter of said
'"Ity and county, and all amendments
.thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
•this Charter.
The form of ballots at sail election
ehall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. YT:3.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
•Approval by the Legislature, and the
ot such officer-, shall be raan
aged, conducted and controlled by the
■ Election Commissioners in
:and for said City and County in office
. at the time of such election.
A 1 tor the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
i-ns the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
Qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
nn the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
qinety-nine.
IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand i".fhabitants, on the twentv
ntb day of December, in the year
isand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under-
I .-i Board >>f Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
pity and County; and we. the
bera of said Board, in pursuance
of pjch provisions of the Constitution
■nnl within a period of ninety days
■ such election, have prepared and
<>o propose the foregoing, signed in
>liiplicate, as and for the Charter for
;«aid City and County of San Fran-
WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
into p"T our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year n n^ thousand eight hundred and
iy-f-ipht.
JOSKPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
11. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
U R. ELLERT,
ISIDOR GUTTE,
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN,
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOK.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, IS9B.
.Mo
Wo Th.
i
FT. |
Moon's Phanes.
8 4 | 6
24 2i ! 2tf
10 11
I
4
6 7
13 14
2U 21
TIT
1
4
15
i *
2 |,Oi Full Moon, .
W April 8.
9 Quarter
1C ; Vl£. April 13.
-rr-j^-v New Moon,
— : W April 2a
30 ! -pk First Quarter,
9 April 2*.
17 L-i
FLOUNCES AND FURBELOWS.
Fashion is going to be very generous
>ming s.-;ison, and will allow her
followers any color, material or shapes
wns that fancy may dictate, pro
viding there are no incongruities. Old
s may be renovated and up-to
date dresses be made from left-overs,
if one is judicious in trimming and
combining colors. Tucks will run
'loss wise on the waist and sli-eves and
around the skirt, while braids, inser
tions, ruffles and all decorations will
follow in the same path. Ruffles will
!i In every possible width on
and summer gowns, running
flrorp the graceful, deep Paquin flounce
to the tiny one-inch frill.— March
Woman's Homo Companion.
The lust instance of boiling 1 to death
took place in Persia in 1890. The offen
1 ho was guilty of .stealing state
reVenues, wm put into a caldron of
r, which was slowly heated to
illlng point. His bones were dls
• tribu . a M ;l warning among the pro
vincial tax colletcors.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Sliver advanced.
Wheat and Barley easier.
Oats, Corn and Rye firm.
Mlllstuffs strong. Flour advanced ISO.
Compressed Hay advanced.
Bran and Middlings marked up.
Lima Beans somewhat higher.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables In gix>d supply.
Eggs easy. Butter unchanged.
Poultry selling very well.
Apples and Oranges In heavy supply.
Lemons and Limes dull.
Dried Apricots wanted. Other dried fruits
quiet.
Better tone to the Provision mwkeC
Hides weaker again.
Wool and Hops dull.
Meat market unchanged.
Coffee the same.
Oils show no changes.
Wheat freights lower.
New York Exchange higher.
PRODUCTION OF BESSEMER STEEL.
The Bessemer steel production In the United
States In 1597, says the Bulletin of the Iron
and Steel Association, was 5,475.315 gross tons,
an Increase of 1.555.400 tons, or 89 per cent
over lSi»6. Our highest previous output was
4,&09,12S tons in 1895. At the request of steel
rail manufacturers, the association has sep
arated the production of Bessemer steel rail*
as follows: Pennsylvania, 1.U24.356 gross tons;
i.ther States, 690,018 gross tons, a total of
1,614,399 gross tons.
CONDITION OF TUB TREASURY.
1 The Wall Street News says: The part week
| has been one of Urge gains for the treasury
gold reserve, but a falling off In currency re
| ceipts. The gold reserve has increased dur
| Ing the week about $1,325,000, which is slightly
| In excess of the gain during the preceding
I week, and has Increased the reserve, which
lls now J172.350.251, nearly $5,000,000 during
i March. The treasury has received during
! March about $82,000 in gold certificates, which
is an unusually large amount in view of the
care with which they are hoarded. It Is ex-
I pected that some of the geld now In process
lof Importation will be covered Into the
| treasury and will Increase the strength of the
I Government in case of military operations.
! With a treasury gold fund of $208,740,790, in
cluding the amount held against gold cer
1 titlcates nnd a gold fund in the National
1 banks by the last report of $222,855,616, there
i Is more than $4' »'i. 000, 000 of visible gold upon
! which to oase public and commercial credit
! in emergen.-ies.
It Is exj»>-ted that large drafts for the pur
poses of national defense will begin to reach
the Unit-'d States treasury within a short
time, as the contracts are executed which
have' been made with the large gun factories
arid other contractors. The receipts from
ordinary sources are likely to make a poor
showing if the war excitement continues, and
measure* for increasing taxation or negotiat
ing loans upon favorable terms are soon likely
i to be under consideration.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundretlths during the 1 ast twelve hours.
Isibars, <r solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lowe" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather ir. winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.52 29. 13 46. %9
Red Bluff 0 12.08 23.80
Sacramento 0 8.63 17.15
Pan Francisco 0 7.56 22.03
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Oblspo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 6.28 16.74
San Diego 0 4.10 11.66
Yuma 0 1.65 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 54;
minimum, 45; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
Tho pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours on the Pacific Coast.
An extensive area of low pressure overlies
Washington, Oregon and Northern California.
Ruin has already commenced falling at Fort
C'anliy and Eureka and conditions are more
fa •» './able for a general rain on the Pacific
1 ast than they have been for some time paat.
The temperature has fallen slowly over the
country Mrest of the Sierras. It haa risen in
Utah, Nev&da and Arizona.
A maximum wind velocity of 24 miles per
hour from the southeast is reported at Fort
Can by; also 26 miles southwest at Carson City
and 30 south at Wlnnemucca.
Information signals are displayed along the
coast from San Francisco northward. High
southerly winds are expected north of Cape
atendodno.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endi»g midnight. April 6. 1898:
Northern '"nlifurnla — Bhowers Wednesday;
colder in southeastern portion; southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday; probably showers; west
erly winds on the coast, southerly winds In
land.
Nevada — f'lnuily Wednesday; rain In north
ern portion; cooler.
t'tah -''i"udy Wednesday,
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
Pan Franrism nn.l vicinity— Showers Wednes
day; frr-bh southerly winds.
Sperial report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. in.— C'luu.ly; wind wfst, 36 miles per
hour; temperature, 43: maximum. R.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April To-day's stock
market was almost stagnant, and there were
minutes at a time during the session of the
Exchange when no quotation for any stock
was recorded. Small as the total of business
was. most of It wag made up or transactions
In a few of the leading: stocks. Sugar and the
Grangers absorbing the largest proportion.
Th- dullness 'Itself was expressive of the pre
vailing sentiment of waiting and of extreme
doubt. Not only were reports very conflicting
as to what would be ; the '. tenor of the Presi
dent's message to Congress, but opinions as to
how : the message would [be received and dis
posed of differed widely. . There was practi
cally nothing left of, yesterday's sanguine. an
ticipations that a sentiment was growing in
Washington against warlike measures. There
were, In fact, significant ; reports that the
organized pressure which has been exerted on
Congress during the' last few days against
hostile measures has : rather defeated Its pur
pose . of , awakening resentment. Wall street
counted much on the .effect of these united
representations v, to ■ Congress. Prices show
•
THE aOT FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.
small losses throughout as a net result of th«
day's trading. . -
The money market continues to reflect the
stress over the relations with Spain as for
cibly as the stock market. Funds continue
to move to the interior for the purpose of
strengthening the reserves of Interior banks.
The proportion of reserves of all the banks in
the country have been enormously increased
in- the last few weeks, and New York has
made good the consequent drain * upon its
reserves by a ■ large contraction on loans and
by heavy imports of gold from ' Europe. The
owners of money are very loth to put it out
in loans. The prevailing rates of 6 per. cent
for time money and the varying rates for call
loans are admitted to be largely sentimental
and based on apprehension of war. Gold con
tinues to come from Europe, the engagements
announced to-day amounting to nearly
13.000,000.
Transactions In bonds were on a very Bjjall
scale, but the market shared the depression
with stock*. Total sales. $1,225,000.
United States new 4s and the , old 4s regis
tered are V 4 lower bid to-day.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 257,100
shares, including 26.047 Burlington, 9220 Louis
ville and Nashville. 15,710 Manhattan. 8885
Metropolitan. 3255 New York Central. 3950
Northern Pacific preferred, 9920 Rock Island,
25.550 St. Paul, 28,312 Union Pacific, 3720 U. P.
D. and G., 5650 American Spirits, 12.05S Ameri
can Tobacco. 3222 Consolidated Gas. 78.295
Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 11 st P& Om 69
Do pref 25% Do pref ........ 145
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St P M & M.... ISO
Canada Pacific .. 80% So Pacific 13%
Canada Southern. 46% So Railway ...... 774
Cent Pacific . 12 Do pref ...:.... 26%
Ches & Ohio 18% Texas & Pacific.. 10
Chi & Alton 153% Union Uaclflc .. 52%
Chi B & Q 91% U P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 61 Wabash 6%
CCC &St L.... 26% Do pref 15%
Do pref Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson 1U6% | Do pref 8%
Del L &.\V 146 j Express Companies-
Den &H G 10 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 43 American 120
Erie (new) 12% United States ... 33
Do Ist pref .... 32% Wells Fargo 115
Ft W:.-ne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 147 A Cot Oil 16%
Hocking al 5% Do pref ........ 69
Illinois Cent 98 Amn Spirits 8%
Luke Erie <& W.. 13% Do pref 20%
Do pref 68 Am Tobacco 101%
Lake Shore ... 179 Do pref 115
Louis & Nash 49% Chicago Gas 91
Manhattan L .... 90% Cons Gas 176%
Met Traction 138% Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mich Cent 104 Col F & Iron 19
Minn & St L 24 Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 80 Gen Electrlo ..... 32%
Mo Pacific 26% Illinois Steel ..... 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas 40%
Mo X & T 10% Lead 29%
Do pref 31% Do pref 102%
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref -. 23 Or Imp Co 27
N J Central 91% Pacific Mall 23%
N V Central .... 110% Pullman Pal 170
N V Chi & 8 L.. 11% Silver Cert .. 65%
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R& T 3%
Do 2d pref .... 28 Sugar 116%
Nor West 12% Do Dref 107
No Amer Co .... 5% T C & Iron 19%
No Pacino 22% U S Leather .... 6%
Do pret 61% Do pref 66
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber 16
Or R & Nay 45 Do pref 63
Or Short Line 27 West Union 56%
Plttsburg 168 C & N W 118
Reading 16% Do pref 172%
Do Ist pref .... 39 St L& 9 W 4
Rock Island 85% Do pref 9
St L & S F 6*4 R G W 23
Do Ist pref .... 65 I Do pref 66
Do 2d pref .... 25% Chi G W 10%
St Paul 89 Haw Com C 0.... 23%
Do pref 142
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 121 NJC 6s US
Do coup 121 N Carolina 65.... 122%
U S 4s 108% Do 4s 100
Do coup 110% No Pac lsts .... 112
Do 2<*s 97% Do 3s 69
V S 6s reg ...... 111% Do 4s 9314
Do 6s coup .... 111% N V C & S L 45.. 01
District 3.658 116 Nor & W 65...... 120
Ala class A .... 108% Northwstrn cons. 141%
Do B 105 Do deb £s \ 116
Do C 95 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 95 O Nay 4s 91
Atchlson 4s 86 \i O S Line £s tr.... 119%
Do adj 4s r.S'i 0 S Line 5s tr.... 100
Can So 2ds 106% O Imp lsts tr.... 107
Can Pac lsts 82% Do 6s tr 65%
C & Ohio 6s 113% Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Heading 4s 80%
D& R G 15t3.... 10S RG W lsts 80 .
D&R G4s 88 SL& IM C 55.. 87
East Term lsts... 105 SL& SF G 65.. 117%
Erie Gen 4s 71 St P Con 141%
FW & D lsts tr. 68 St PC & P lsta.. 113
Gen Elec 5s ..... 100 Do 5s 113%
GH& S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 88
Do 2ds 103 Stand R& T 65.. 54
H& T C 65..."... 110 Term new Bet 35.. 84
Do con 6s 103 t&P L G lsts.. &9%
lowa C lsts 99 Do Rg 2ds 31
Kan P Con tr.... 102 V P D & G lsts.. 62
X P Ist D D tr.. 124 IWab Ist 5s 106%
La new cons 45.. 99 I Do 2ds 77%
L& N Unl 45.... 86 W Shore 4s 107%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 63
M X & T 2d5.... 69% Do deferred ... 8
Do 4s 86 Union Pac pref .. 62%
N V Central lsts. 115 Do 4s 90%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40IOntarlo 8 00
Crown Point 20!Ophlr 86
Con Cal & Va 80 ! Plymouth 08
Peadwood 75 i Quicksilver 100
Gould & Carry... 10 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 20 Sierra Nevada .. 1 90
Homestake 37 00 ' Standard 170
Iron Silver 32 ; Union Con 40
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket ... 23
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April s.— Atchison, U: Bell Tele
phone, 243; Burlington. 91%; Mexican Central,
4Vi; Oregon Short Line, 28.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK, April 6.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock market
here was stagnant to-day, In view of the ap
proaching barter holidays, while the uncer
tainties of the political situation depressed
quotations, the more bo as It Is felt
that each ilty's delay Increases the likelihood
of a Spanish-American war.
Americans were better at midday on a some
what ragged buying here. This Is regretitd,
because 11 will weaken the position If war
occurs.
The continued fall In Brazils excltea atten
tion. Gold is In strong demand for New York
at 77s lid and £250,u0ii in Japanese yen were
bought for export at "Ca 6^d.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, S3\; Grand Trunk, 8; bar
silver, steady, 20% d per ounce; money, 2(Si^i
per cent.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK, April 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,138 barrels; exports, 8461 barrels. Moderately
active and firmly held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 231.250 bushels; exports,
168,195 bushels. Spot firm, but quiet; No. 2
red, £1 04Vi f. o. b. afloat spot. Options opened
fractionally easier owing to Liverpool weak
ness, but speedily recovered and were strong
all day on local covering, rumored reductions
of French duty and active buying for outside
account. Near months closed H'SXc net higher
but distant options were %@Hc net lower; May'
$1 00tt@l 01%. closed $1 OlVi.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM—
• METALS— To-day's market for Metals was
an Indifferent affair, business being conducted
on narrow lines, with some departments show
, ing signs of weakness under sheer luck of sup
i port. At the close th« Metal Exchange called-
PIGIRON— dull, with $<; 60 bid and
I $6 90 asked.
LAKE Unchanged, with $11 90 bid
and $12 10 asked.
TIN— but steady, with $14 SO bid and
: $14 35 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet but firm, with $4 25 bid
! and $4 35 asked. -
LEAD— DuII, with $3 67*4 bid and $8 77H
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters quotes Lead at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed strong with prices
| 10065 points net higher. In the afternoon near
1 months jumped up BOOK points on active coy-
I ering and a very heavy consumptive buying
I following rumors of war tax. ' Sales. 66 250
1 bags, including April, $5 75; May, $5 70@6 10
Spot Coffee— Rio, strong: No. 7 invoice 7c ; No
7 Jobbing, 7%c; mild, strong and higher- Cor
i dova, S%frl7c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 3%c
centrifugal. M test, 4%c: refined, strong '
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.159 packages. Firmer-
Western creamery, t6%©llHc; Elglns, 21V4c. '
Receipt*, 8734. Steady; State" and
Pennsylvania. UH4@loV£c; Western, lOUc-
Southern, 9&@loc. ■ " '
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 6.— California Dried
Fruits quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, B®7Uc
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried prime. -BVic'
choice, BV a c; fancy, 9@9%c. -"™7,i "* CZ
PRUNES—3Vi@7%e.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6%@7c; Moorpark, BH@
10c. '
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, ll®l4o.
V-. WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ...68,800 2G 950
Duluth ............ 62,832
Milwaukee 26,650 " i 300
Chicago V. .......
Toledo 12.599 , * *3.'600
St. Louis 6.000 6 000
Detroit 703 '&41
Kansas City 11,000 15,500
Totals .. 178.854 52 894
Tidewater-
Boston
New York .....................231,250 168*105
Philadelphia 13,121 4*740
Baltimore ....'....... 36.095 /..'•
New Orleans 122066
Galveston .....:. ......
Totals ..........'..'.. . .■...-;..
' PARIS FUTURES. V"
Wheat— April. May.
Opening 63 50 "60 45
Closing ..........63 25 6120
Flour- -"
Opening 29 00 . 27.40
Closing ... ..!'.. .......28 95 M 10
Liverpool WHEAT FUTURES. i,
May. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening .....7 6% 72% 6 7 6 7
Closing ...7 6% 72% 67. y6 6%
EASTERN LIVE STOCK . MARKET.
CHICAGO, April S.— CATTLE— The greater
part of the beef Cattle sold at $4 40(g5; export
ers were good buyers around $4 75@6; fed West
erns sold anywhere from $4 to $5 10; stockers
and feeders. $41/4 60; canning cows, $2 60@3; fat
heifers. $3 76©4 60.
HOGS— Were about 2%@5c weaker; sales were
largely at $3 95@4 05, the extreme range being
$3 7(ifi 4 10, while pigs sold chiefly above $3 65.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Were fairly active.
Sheep, common to prime, J3 75®4 80; Western
wooled, $4 60@4 80: j-earlings. %i fi'Qh 10; wooled
Lambs. $s<gs 90; shorn Lambs, $4 60(65.
Receipts-Cattle, 3000; Hogs, 19,000; Sheep,
15,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 5 — CATTLE— Receipts, 2600;
market steady to strong; native beef steers,
$4 30W4 90; Western steers. $4®4 76; cows and
heifers, $2 75<y3 30; stockers and feeders, $3 70®
5 05; calves, $4<B'4 65.
HOGS— Receipts, E000; market active, 10c
higher: heavy, $3 K,@Z 90; mixed. $3 75@3 80;
light. $3 70©3 75: bulk of sales, $3 75@3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3700: market active and
Bteady; fair to choice natives. $3 90®4 C 5; choice
Westerns, $3 So(g4 60; common and stock Sheep,
*3@4; Lambs, $4 75(6 5 75.
KANSAS CITY.
i KANSAS CITY, April 5 — CATTLE— Receipts.
' 6100; market active and steady; native fed
! steers, Hifi 25, largely $4 40(§5 IS; Western beef
! steers, $3 9094 90; cows and heifers, $2 &oi?4 40;
! stockers and feeders. $3 50@5; bulls, $3 50<&3 7a.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; market active at ad
vance of S'fflOc; bulk of sales, $3 70<g:3 SO; heav
ies, $3 75<fi3 £5; mixed and medium, J3 65@3 90;
i light. $3 Mm 80; pigs, $3 25g3 65.
, SHEEP-Recelpts. official, 3200; market ac-
I tlve and steady; Western muttons, J4@4 75 for
[ common to mixed: clipped iambs, $4 35(@>4 70;
i wooled lots of ordinary to good quality up to
: $5 50; spring lambs, plentiful, $6<irß.
DENVER.
DENVER, April 5.- CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Market steady; beef steers, $3 60@4 50; cows,
$3(fl"4; feeders, freight paid to river, $4.?? I 50;
stockers, do, $4<g>4 60; bulls, stags, etc., $2®.'
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market steady; light
packers, $3 Ts©B 80; mixed, $3 /o®3 U; heavy
h 70@S fee
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market steady;
good fat muttons, J3 25@4 50; lambs, $4 25@5 60.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. April 6.— The condition of the
wool market this week Is very dull and the
sales have fallen off to the lowest point In re
cent years. Manufacturers who are not forced
to buy are keeping out of the market and the
few sales made are some special kinds of wool
that must be had and foot up very small.
Quotations:
Territory Wools— Montana, fine and medium
fine. 16@lSe; scoured, 44<g>48c; staple, 50c; Utah.
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 15@17c;
staple, 60c; scoured, 15047 c.
Australian Wnols— Scoured basis combing,
Buperflne, 70©72 c; combing, good, 65@68c;
combing, average, 62@63c; Queensland, co-mb
lng, 65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April B.— Consols, UIH; Sliver,
25% d; French Rentes, 103.25.
LIVERPOOL, April 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 38s 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla Wheat. 37s 10V4d; cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, firm; English country markets,
steady; French country markets, quiet; weath
er in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 8 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN — Spot American mixed new, steady,
8s 3d; futures, quiet; April, 3s 2%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
POTLAND. Or., April 6.— There Is still much
activity In the local wheat market, although
there was less selling to-day than on any day
for the past week. Prices are still firm. cover-
Ing a wide range, according to the needs of the
buyer. There is no change In quotations. Wal
la Walla, 79c; valley and blue stem, 81c per
bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April s.— Wheat firm. No.
1 club, 80o; No. 1 blue stem, S3c.
NO HOLIDAY.
NEW YORK, April s.— The governing com
mittee of the Stock Exchange to-day rescinded
its action In regard to closing on Good Fri
day and decided to keep open for business on
that day.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 6.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 6 2-16 c.
NEW ORLEANS, April s.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 5 »-16 c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 6.— To-day'a state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $225,932,219; gold re
serve, $175,628,186. __^
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 6.— Exchanges, $285,
121; balances, $32,1<i2.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
| Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
I Sterling Cables — 485 i
■New York Exchange, sight — 15 j
I New -York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17% ;
; Fine Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollors 48 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are lower, a charter
having been draw at 18s 9d. The dry weather I
. has mainly caused the decline. The chartered ;
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage of
18,000, against 7000 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 9.'00 tons, against 85,100; on
the way to this port, 207,265 tons, against 241,
700.
WHEAT — Local dealers were more or less at
; Bea, owing to a holiday In Chicago. Predic
j tlons of possible showers In the northern part
of the State ease off futures somewhat, but '
I there was no change In spot quotations, bar
ring an advance In choice milling.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 B0
for No. 1, $1 524 for choice and $1 55@1 67% per
ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
12.000 Ctls. $1 42%. May— 2ooo, $1 61%; 12,000,
I $1 51%.
I Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 51%; 8000,
$1 62V. 2000, $1 62%. December— 2ooo, $1 42%;
; 2000, $1 42%.
Regular morning session— December— 4oo ctls,
$1 42%; 32.000. $1 42%: 6000. $1 42%. May— 2ooo,
: $1 52%; 6000, $1 f>2%; 2000, $1 62%.
Afternoon session — Dei-ember — 2000 ctls,
$1 42*; 12,000, $1 42%; 12,000, $1 42V4-
BARLEY- Slight Indications of rain eased
' off the market somewhat, as will be seen by
i the quotations. The demand was also lighter
In consequence.
Fer-fl, $1 23%©1 2614; Brewing nominal at $1 30
@1 32' i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 6000
: ctls, $1 24: 4000. U 23%; 4000, $1 23%; 8000. $1 23%.
1 Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 23% ■
j 10,000. $1 23.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
i $1 22> 2 ; 2000, $1 23; 2000, $1 22%; 2000, $1 2.:«
i December— Booo, $1 22%; 2000, $1 22%; 2000, $1 22%.
! Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 22. De
! cember— l2,ooo, $121%; 2000, $1 217 i; 2000. $122;
10,000, $1 21%.
OATS— Are active at the advance, with fair
stocks.
Fancy Feed. $1 86(91 87% per ctl : good to
; choice, $13001 SB; common, $1 22%<ai 30; Sur
prlee. $1 32HQ1 87%; gray, $1 25@1 30; milling,
$1 30@l 3.'. per ctl.
CORN— The market is firm at the improved
prices.
j Small round yellow. fllsffl 20 per ctl; largo
yellow, $1 06y@l 10; white, $l io@i 16.
RYE— Firmly held at $1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour has advanced 2f>c, and all other articles
under this head are firm in sympathy with the
ray.- products.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5(3)5 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $4 7604 Sf> per bill.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73 per 100
| Rice Flour, $0; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra cream
| Cornmeal. $3 2:.: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats $4 25 •
Hominy. $3 1603 60; Buckwheat Flour. $45;4 25 :
Cracked Wheat $3 IB; Farina, )4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 Kj Rolled Onts (barrels), $5 80
I (&'G 20; In sacks. $5 fiOfJG; P^arl Barley $4 75-
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 BO per 100 lbs."
HAY AND FEEDBTUFFS.
Compressed Hay is higher again, the other
grades showing no change. The feeling is
steady, however.
Bran and Middlings have again gone up.
BRAN— SI 9 EOOM.
MIDDLINGS— I23®2S 50.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $26^27 per
' ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J2S 501&29 50
i Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 -Wr 22 50; Cot
> tonseed Meal, $28t?xO per ton; Cornmeal, $23®
i 24; Cracked Corn, $23 50<g24 GO; Chopped Feed
11$.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $19<g>
23 GO; Wheat and Oat, $1S ",n<g22 50; Oat. $17 50®
' 39 M: Barley, H7©lt; compressed Wheat. $20®
23; compressed Oat, $16 50'uMS 50; Alfalfa $12©
14; stock, $12^13; Clover, $13@14.
STRAW— 3S<B'4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A slight advance In Limas Is the only change
In Beans. There Is not much going on, though
some sales are being made all the time. Beeds
are dull and unchanged.
BEAN'S— Bayos, $2 7K<O!2 90; Small Whites,
j5145<5155; Large Whites, $1 40@l 58; Pinks.
$2 40<3<2 50; Reds, $2 25; Blackeye, $2 VXOI «0;
Butters, $1 40@l 60; Llmas, J2 10@2 JO; Pea, %\ 40
@1 56: Red Kidneys, |2®2 25 per ctl.
PEEDS— Brown Mustard, J2 75®S per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $2(j2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed, 2V 4 €2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, BHc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, *1 60(g;i 88; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Vegetables are ample for all
needs, and prices show little change. Potatoes
and Onions are also In good supply at un
changed quotations.
Mexican Tomatoes sold at ?2, and Los Angeles
at $F 25 per box.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 35<JT45c; River Reds,
40(§'a0c; River Burbanks, 50®GOc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. 50ft85c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
it 6oc; Sweet Potatoes, 75c(g'$l for Merced; new
Potatoes. $I(S2 per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 35(8-2 65; common, $1 75®
2 25 per ctl; cut Onions, oOc'g'tl 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 943 boxes As
paragus. 632 boxes Rhubarb and 465 sks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for fancy, $1 25® 1 75 per box
for No. 1, 65cff$l for No. 2: Rhubarb. 40c@$l
per box; Alameda Green Peas, 2@2V4c per
!t>; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per IT>; Dried Okra,
12V4c; Cabbage, 65<g>7:ic per ctl; Carrots, 25<S6Oc
per sack; Garlic, s@B^ic per lb; Cucumbers,
50c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per tb in lot« of 25
lbs; sliced deslcated, 16<&lSc: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There is no particular change to report.
Young stock continues In good demand and
firm, but old stock drags. Another car of East
ern will be put on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12<fi)15c per lb; Geese, per par, {1 25<3!1 75; Gos
lings, %2 25@2 75; Ducks, Hiib for old and *6@B
for young; Hens, $3 GoO< (0; Roosters, young,
$7 50@8 60; Roosters, old, $3 501*4; Fryers, $6 50
<S>7; Broilers, ?5 50© 6 CO for large. $3@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 ,5©2 25 per dozen for young
and $1 25©1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are showing easier symptoms, but there
is no actual decline. Creamery Butter Is rather
weak than otherwise, but fine dairy descrip
tions are firm. Cheese is steady. ♦.
BUTTER— . .
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18®19o; sec
onds, 16<g17%c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16@18o; second
grades, 14<S15c per It).
Eastern Imitation creamery, 16®16%c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c per tb. j
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc: common
to good, 7«4@S&c: Cream Cheddar, 10®llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12Ms@13&c per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14@150 per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@14c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Pears from cold storage are hard to sell. Ap
ples are quiet and in large supply. The market
continues overstocked with Oranges and Lem
ons. Limes are dull.
At auction Navels sold at $1 0501 40, Mediter
ranean Sweets at $I@l 20, Seedlings at 60@90c
and Lemons at 45@75c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 50@65c per drawer for large and
75c@«l 25 for small berries.
Apples, 40@oCe per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 25: Seedlings, 50c<if$l; Tangerines, 35@40c for
small boxes; Lemons, 50@75c for common ac€
tl&l 75 for good to choice; Mexican Llm«*.
$4'ii4 50; California Limes, in small boxes, 409
50c; Bananas, $1 2502 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@i per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is some speculative demand for Apri
cots by local dealers, but otherwise the mar
ket Is dull. The feeling is better than it has
been, however, owing to the certainty that the
crop of all kinds, except Apples and Prunes,
will be small this year.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lota, 3%@ j
4^4c for 40-E0 # s, 3»4@3%c foi 60-60's, 2%@3>4c i
for 60-70" 2ViS2%c for 70-SO's, l%<g2Vi<3 for 80
90's, lVi^l^c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy,
6V<i6c; peeled, 10@'12%c; Apricots, i>@6&c for
Royals and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6&®7c; sun-dried.
4(§>ac; Black Figs, In sacks, 2@2»4c; Plums,
4'S'i i\c for pitted and l@l%c for unpttted;
bleached Plums, sJfsVic; Nectarines, 4(gsc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@4%0 for quarters
and 3@5%c for halves, according to color, etc. |
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3^c for four-crown," 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $l<g!
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS — Chestnftts are quotable at 8c per
Ib; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2V4<23V-iC for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7<6'Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4'y."> l : c for Eastern and 4>4c for California;
Pecans, 6^@Bc; Filberts, S^iglOc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, B@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades;: water-white extracted, 4',£{s
sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4Vic per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS. "
A rise In Pork products In the East has Im
parted more strength to this market, though
prices are no better. Trade is reported rather
more active and altogether the feeling is better
all around.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9Vio per Ib for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12 l for sugar-cured;
| Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10'*@llc; Califor
; nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
I Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $114il2; Salt Pork,
i $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
! $10; Smoked Beef, 11<&12c per tb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at BV4 per ID
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, sVtc per Ib for compound
and 6', 2 c for pure; half barrels, G?ic; 10-Ib tins,
7V4c; 5-!b tins, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb pails, 60 in a case, 8 7 4 c;
j 3-lb palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
; case, SV«c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, BHc; 50-Tb
! tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
j lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7 Vie per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOE AND HOPS.
, HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
I steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; stags, Cc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides, lCc; culls and brands, 13c; dry Kip and
Veal, 14@15c; dry Calf, lSig2oc; culls, 15@16c;
Goatskins," 30(£37c each; Kids, E(gl0c; Deerskins,
good summer, 25@30c per Ib; medium, 20c; win
ter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each;
short wool, 4oy~oc each; medium, 70@90c; long
wools, 90c@l 30 each.
- W. : B. Sumner & Co.'s circular says: "The
hide market Is quiet, with a trifle lower prices.
Owing to an anticipated dry season the tan
ners refuse to buy only for* their immediate
wants and sales are small. Wet salted hides,
kip, veal and calf are quiet, with moderate
stocks on hand. Dry flint hides, kip and calf
are relatively . lower than the wet salted, as
prices on these goods are based on the values
obtainable in New York and Boston, few dry
hides being tanned in California. The values
on horse hides remain about the same, .with a
good demand. Wool and sheep skins are quiet
at lower prices. Tallow remains about the
same. Deerskins meet with ready sale, with
no change in prices."
A local wool circular says: "Until the war
scare blows over there will be nothing doing
In the wool line, as manufacturers are not In
clined to stock up until they can see an outlet
for their goods. Meanwhile holders are firm,
believing that as soon as the International dis
pute is settled the market will revive and the
accumulated stocks will gradually be worked
off. No sales to report.','. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, B@3V6c per Ib; No.
2, 2'i2'«c; refined. Be; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 7®
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12(??13c ; ' Northern, defective, 9@llc per tb.
HOPS— crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1897 crop, ll@l4c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers are trying to buy Hogs still cheaper,
but 'do not succeed. There is no change In
prices for anything.
Wholesale rates ' for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: ;
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c; second quality,
sU<&6c: third quality, 4@sc per lb.'
VEAL— Large. 6@6MiC; small, 7@7%c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, B%®9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, lie per Ib. . /,:■■
PORK— Hogs. 4c for large and 4«^c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2%©30; dressed Hogs,
&&Q»6M>c. _______
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. '
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
, COAL— •Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10: Seattle, $6 50; Br-ant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 60;,Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $0;
Coke $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In sacks. >--"■"- ■
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
114-Inch, 7%c: 12-thread. SVic; 6 and 9 thread,
SV-; bale rope, ; 7% @B>4c. Sisal— l^-Inch,
12-thread, 6 and 9 thread, 7%c; bale rope,
CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
at :$1 25@1 50; White Cherries, $1 25@1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c@$l 10; Apricots, £o@9oc.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes. ■ 75c. .- .'■•■ •• • •: .■-.■.
COFFEE— We quote:' Costa Rica, 16@17c for
prime ; washed; 13Vi(??l4c for good washed, 16®
16Vjo for good to primp washed peaberry, 14@ 15c
for good peaberry, 12M:1i H^c for good to prime.
ll@l2c for good « current mixed with .■ black
beans, 9@HHc for fair, 5H@7Hc " ; for common
to ordinary: Salvador, ]2C!JI4c for good to prime
washed, - ; 10@ll%c. for ■ fair washed, 14@15c . for
good ■ to i prime • washed peaberry,« BU@9%c ■ for
superior unwashed, ". 7%@Bc ■■ for good • green ; un
washed, ll's'SlSc for good Ito prime unwashed
peaberry :> Nicaragua. B@9V4c:for good, to super
ior unwashed, HV£@l2c for good unwashed pea
berry; , Guatemala and ■ Mexican," 16^j<()lSc ■■■■ for
prime to - fancy washed, 13@15c ■ for ■• good '■ ; to
strictly good washed, 11@12%c for fair washed.
7@loc for medium, 5@6%c for common to ordi
nary. 15l£Q>16%c for good to prime washed pea
berry, 11%@12c for good unwashed peaberry, 8©
9Wc for good to superior unwashed. ' ■
• PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles,, per Ib, 3%c: !
cases, : selected, per lb, 4%c; cases. Imitation ;
Eastern ■ per ■lb,i;4>4c; boneless, per lb. Be;
strips, . Norway, per It),. BVic; strips. Narrow :
Gauge, per 1b,.5%c; strips, Silver King, per lb. ;
6V*c: blocks, Clipper, : per lb, sc: blocks. Ori- ;
ental, per lb, 6%c; blocks, Seabright, per lb, ,
694 c; tablets. Crown Brand, per lb, 7Vic; mid- I
dles. Golden State, per lb, s^c: middles. White
Seal, per dozen, S»4c; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
dozen, 80c; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, h->lt barrels, each $4 50.
OlL— Califo 1 a Castor Oil, cases. . No. 1. 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates),
. Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,- 53c; do raw, |
61c; cases, ; 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, 55c: No. 1, 45c; cases 5c
more; China Nut, 48@51c per gallon; Naatsfoot
Oil, barrels, GOc; cases, 65c; No. 1, barrels, 50c; !
cases. 53c: Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white. I
80c; bleached do. ,80c; .Whale Oil, natural j
white. 40c; bleached do, 45c; Pacific Rubber I
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25*2) I
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $252 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH- I
TH A— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll%c I
per gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 17c; Astral do. !
17c; Star do. 17c; Extra Star do. 21c; Elaine !
do, 22c; Eocene do, 19c: Deodorized Stove !
Gasoline, In bulk, 12c; do in cases, 17V4c; 63 j
degree Naphtha, In bulk, ll%c; do in cases,
16Hc; S6 degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20o; do In
cases, 2."c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 51c; in iron bar
rels,.46c; in wooden . barrels, : 48c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 43c; do coses. 4Sc;
raw, barrels, 41c; do cases, 46c per gallon. ' ■■
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s, 16 oz., 7Hc; 14 oz.. 6Hc: 12
oz., 5V4c; 10 oz., 4^c. Parafflne Wax Candles — j
Is, 2s, 4, Is and 12s. white, 7%c; colored, B%c.
QUICKSILVER— For export, $36, and for
local use. $39 60 per flask. ■ ■■ ■
. LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30@35c p«r-lb; !
do medium, 2Sc; do light, 26@27c; rough |
medium, 28c; do light, 26@27c: rough Leather. '
22@23c; Kips, $40@45 per dozen: Calf, 90c©$l |
per lb; rough splits, 7(§'Sc; belt-knife splits,
lC@l2c; Collar Leather, black, 10@12c per foot:
do russet, 10@12c; Skirting Leather, 30@35c
1 per lb.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash : Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, R4c; Extra C, 5 1^c: Golden C. sc;
Candy Granulated, 5%c: California A. 5%c per
lb; half barrels, %c more than barrels, and |
boxes, ViC more.
WOOD. LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c each for No. 1 and B@Bc for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough,
$6 50; peeled, $9: Pine", $5 75. .
LUMBER— Retail prices are nominally as j
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes. |15@17; extra
sizes, higher. Redwood— for No. 1;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 40<g2 50; Pickets, $20; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
?28-gi2S.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 6.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,094 I Onions, sks 26
Wheat, ctls 121,704 | Bran, sks 225
Barley, ctls 440 j Powder, cs 400
Corn, ctls 410 Middlings, sks .. 325
Rye, ctls 260 Hay, . tons 329
Butter, ctls 470 j Straw, tons .... 32
Tallow, ctls ..... 210 Quicksilver, flsk. 63
Cheese, ctla ..... 33 Leather, rolls ... 196
Wool, bales 638 Hides, no ....... 495
Pelts, bdls 300 1 Wine, gals ...... 41,800
Eggs, doz 17,S20|Lime, bbls 81
Potatoes, sks ... 1,7241
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 20,836 Potatoes, ska ... 6,618
Wheat, ctls 2.360 Bran, sks 4,168
Barley, ctls 1,065 1 Middlings, ska .. 555
Oats, ctls 3,63 c I Shorts, sks ...... 8,123 |
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4001
« ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to John H.
Dleckmann, lot on N line of California street,
137:6 E of Buchanan. E 53:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Robert and Marion L. Campbell to Matilda
A. Long, lot on N line of Waller street, 100 W
of BroUerick, N 155, W 100, S 52 deg. 8 mm.,
E 20:5&, S 24 deg. 31 mm., E 129:6, S 38 deg. 51
mm. — 16:8, E 43; $10.
Matilda A. Long to William E. Lutz, same;
$10.
Mary A. J. and Edmund L. Koch to Mary
R. Qurmendez, lot on N line of Hayes street,
112:6 W of Broderick, N 87:6 by W 25; $10.
Louisa O. Hodgkins to Louis and Louisa
Boutet, lot on N line of Sacramento street, 82
W of Walnut, W 30:6, N 127:8%, X 29, S 25, E
1:6, S lOli^Vi; $10.
Johann U. Wohltmann to Maria C. Wohlt
mann (wife), lot on S line of Clipper street,
204:6 \V of Sanchez, W 24:6 by S 114; $500.
Wenceslao Loaiza to Dolores P. de Loaiza,
re-record of 1770 d 160 of lot on SW corner of.
Washington and Taylor streets, S 82:6, W 137:6;
gift. • : '. ■
David Fay to John Fay, lot on SE corner of
Chestnut and Leavenworth streets, S 137:6 by
E 80; $10.
Frederick S. Castner to Emma L. Castner,
lot on SW corner of Tennessee and Solano
streets. S 25 by W 100; gift.
W. F. McClure to Emeline Blanchard, lot
on W line of , Seventh avenue, 450 N of Lake
street, N 25 by W 114; $10.
F. M., George D. and F. A. Greenwood (ex
ecutors of the estate of Monroe Greenwood)
to Giacomo Moscone, lot on E line of Fifth
avenue, 125 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120;
$1000. • - ■ • ■•■■■■ . . • • :
William Rollins to Harrison A. Jones, lot on
E line of Thirty-sixth . avenue, 185 N of J
street, N HE by E 240 (quit-claim deed); $10.
Thomas Dolan (by R. I. Whelan. Sheriff) to
F. W. Kern, lot on SE corner of Henrietta and
Prospect streets, E 70, SW 102:8. NW 70, NE
102:8, "lots 178 to 181, Cobb Tract; $1228.
James Aitken to Andrew N. Aitken, lots 7
and 8, block 10, City Land Association; $10.
August J. Hackmeier to Jean Serres, lot 12,
block B, subdivision of block 19, West End
map 2; $10.
Julia McDonald to Michael Dillon, lot on SW
line of Sherman street. 237 NW of Wyoming.
SW 400, NW 110, E to Sherman avenue.- SE 10:6
more or less to beginning, lot L Sears' • sub
division of block 6, West End map 2; also lot
6, block 6, West End map 2; $10.
Patrick J. Donahue to John and Gertrude
Ingenlatn, lot on N line of Preclta avenue, 25
W from Intersection division line of lots 81
and 84, Precita Valley lands; also distant 838H
more or less E from Mission street as widened,
N 90 more or less, W . 25, S to a point 25 W
from beginning, E 25, portion of lots 84 and So, :
Previta Valley lands; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Sarah J. Bailey to M. Rinehart, lot on NW
line of Sixth avenue, 75 SW of East Ninth
Btreet, SW 75, NW 290, NE 80, SE 145. SW 5.
SE 145 to beginning, block 3, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
Annie W. and B. R. Maybeck to Anson S.
Blake and F. W. Bilger, lots 8 and 9, block 1,
The Highlands, being a resubdivision of blocks
1, 2 and 3 of Tuohy Addition to Berkeley, Oak
land Township, quitclaim deed; $10.
Anson S. and Anita S. Blake, F. W. and
Carrie S. Bllger to H. W. Hawley, same; $10.
E. A. Walcott to same, lot 7, block 1. High
land, being a resubdivision of nocks 1. 2 and 3
of Tuohy Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Andrew Frank to Archie Frank, lot on E line
of Oak street, 237:6 N of Santa Clara avenue,
N 37:6 by E ISO, block 48. Alameda; gift.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
APRIL- 189 S.
Wednesday, April c.
Snn rtnes 6:41
Sun sew 8:38
Moon rises a.m.
! Feet 111 1 Fee-.
_11l W!
4:4;
6:31
6:i*
H W
0:12
Ui.'<4
1:42
2:45
0.1
11:19
12:12
1:10
L W
7:(N
8:0G
: 9:09
10:15
11:0*
H W
2:1/
6:48
7:41
8:61
1(1 : 17
66
2.9
8.1
3.3
3.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the c <3er of occurrence as to time. The
Becond time column gives the second tide of
the dny, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
threv tides, as sometimes occurs. The heighta
given are additions to the soundings on the
United Stntes Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
leference Is the mean of tr- lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District.
San Francisco. Cal., April 6, 1898.
San Francisco Bar, California.
The hull of the wrecked bark Helen W.
Almy having broken up the bell buoy marking
Its position has been removed. By order of
the Lighthouse Board.
CHARLES E. L. B. DAVI3,
Major, Corps of Engineers, U. fc>. A.,
Engineer Twelfth Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit Of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cor ilally Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
*rarh Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the t'nited States Naval Observatory at Mara
Islnnd. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ttme ball was
dropped on time r.r giving the error. If any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlnsr papers the follow
ing day. ■VC. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
THE TIME BALL
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, April
5. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of tho
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. J. "» 'cMILLAN,
Assistant, in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Morgan. City..
Cleveland ......
H0mer..........
0rizaba.........
Washtenaw..; ..
Alnmeda....
Santa R05a.....
Wc«du...
City Puebia.. .
Empire..........
Corona
Wellington
City of Para.. . .
Coos Bay j
State or Cai
Proareso
Chilkat.
Pomona ........
Walla Wa11a....
Arc.ita
Venus
North P0rn.....
Cojumoia ......
Now York Apr (
Seattle Apr (
Huinboldt Apr (
Mexico Apr <
Tacoma Apr t
Svdnpy {Apr (
. c an Dlo?o Apr '
Hutnboldt I Apr 1
Victor!.", and Pug-el Sound I Apr ;
Coos Hay lApr 1
Seattle Apr i
Departure Bay Apr f
Pa nn ma Apr f
Nevrport Apr i
Portiana Apr H
Seattle Apr 1(
Seattle Apr ](
Snn Diejro Apr I]
Victoria and PugetSoimd Apr 1!
Coob Hay Apr 1!
China nna Japan Aprl;
aiuiiDoiat Apr i;
Portiana Apr li
sti;ami:iis to sail.
Steamer, i Destixatio.v|
SAILS.
[umboldt. A1a5ka.: ...... Apr 0,10 am
imatllla .. | Vie & Pert Snd Apr ti. lv am
ealandla.. H0n01u1u,.... Apr 6, 2pm
ircata Coos Isav Apr 7. 10 am
amoa Humboldt .... Apr 7. 9am
iomer Uumbolat.... Apr &. 10 am
olumbia.. Portland Apr 8.10 am
an Bias... Panama. Apr 8.12 M
lortnPork Humbonlt. ... Apr 8, aAM
leveland.. Pu set Sound. Apr 9, ......
antn.Uo.su | San Dipsro. .. . Apr n. 11 am
feeott Hum bldt Bay | Apr St. 9am
Ity Puebla Vie & Pet Hna Apr U. 10 am
ooa iiav.. Newport...... Apr 11. am
uracoa — Mexico Apr 12, .;....
eru. ....... Chlna&Japan. Apr 12. Ipm
0m0na.... San Dieco .... Apr 13. 11 aji
tate of Cal Portland I Apr 13.10 am
Pier 9
Pier 7
Pier U
Pier t
Pier .<
Pior n
PM S3
Pier 1
Pier 11
Pier 13
I Pier »
1 Pier 11
I
iPMSS
Pier II
Pier 2»
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April t.
Ptmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours front
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Bon It a, Nlcolson, 79 hours from New
port.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 43 hoars from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall,( 52 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Schr Nellie G Thurston, Douse, 175 days from
New York.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, 10 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom, 23 hours from
Albion.
Schr La Chllena, Campbell, 6 hours from
Fort Ross.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, — hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 6.
Stmr TJmatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikullcich, Nanaimo|
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Salvesen, Chigntlc
Bay; Alaska Packers' Assn.
Ship America, Harding, Chlgnik Bay, via
Vyak Bay; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Ship Levl G Burgess, Youngren, Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Earl of Dunmore, Kay, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
BAILED.
Tuesday, April 5.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego and way
ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Aus stmr Burma. Mikulicich. Nanalmo.
Bark Levl Q Burgees, YounKren. Hllo.
Ger bark Philip Nelson, Niemann, Hamburg.
Bktn S N Castle. Huhhard. Honolulu.
Bktn Fremont, Bowes, codflr-hing.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, Coquille River.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. Fort Bragg.
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhnllow, Puget Sound.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Reliance, Jensen.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing..
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 5. 10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, SW; velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Manna Ala loads mdse for Honolulu; J
M Griffith, mdse for the Arannr River.
The Inveramsay Is chartered for wheat to
Eu pipe. ISp 9d— a decline: Manydown. wheat
to Europe. 20s— option of Tacoma, 2CiB 3d.
The Hoiyrond loads lumber at Moodyvllle for
Melbourne, 52s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Pec 2— Lat 34 N, long 126 W. Br ship Cap«
Wrath, hence Nov 16, for Queenstown.
March 18— Lat — , long 35 W. Br ship Holt
Hill, from London, for San Diego.
April 2— Lat 50 N, lons S W, Br bark Men
nock, from Seattle, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
| EUREKA — Sailed April s— Schr Alice, for
i San Pedro: stmr Hon.er, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbound April s— Stmr Empire
I for San Francisco.
EUREKA— April s— Schr Lllllebonne,
from San Pedro.
GRENWOOD— Arrived April s— 6tmr Green
wood, hence April 4.
ASTORIA — Arrived April s— Schr Ralph J
Long, hence March 15; schr Glen, from Hue
! Nome: stmr George W • Elder, from Dyea; Br
j ship Ben Voirlich. from Santa Rosalia; stmr
State of California, hence April 3.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 6— Schr Eclipse,
for Eureka.
Arrived April s—Schr5 — Schr Jessie Minor, from Eu
reka.
] SEATTLE — Arrived April 6— Stmr South
I Coast, from Dyea. . ;
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April s— Stmr
Minecla. for Comox.
VENTURA— April Schr C T Hill,
from Grays Harbor.
USAL— Arrived April s— Stmr Newsboy, hnce
April 3: schr Edward Parke, hence April 3.
Sailed April s— Stmr Newsboy, for Needle
Rock.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 4— Stmr North Pork,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arived April 6— Stmr Laguna,
from Newport.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 4— Br stm Ala
gonia. for Buenos Ayres.
HOQUIAM — ■■» -rived April s— Schrs Occiden
tal and San Buenaventura and bktn Monitor,
hence March 23: schr John F Miller, from
I Redondo; schr Helen N Klmball, from San
| Pedro. '
Sailed April Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived April 4— Bktn
; Amelia, from Honolulu. April s— Schr Annie
i M Campbell, from Newport.
! Sailed April s— Bark Ceylon, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived April Stmr Progreso.
I hence April 2.
VENTURA — Arrived April s— Stmr Georgo
Loomis. hence April 4, and sailed for San
Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 5— H B M stmr
Icarus, from cruise.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived April s— Bktn
! Monitor, hence March 23; schr Helen N Kir
n ball, from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived April I— Br Btmr Tartar
from London.
■ SWANSEA— Arrived April 3— Br ship Milton
j burn, from Havre.
HULL— Arrived April 4— Br »hlp Bothwell.
hence Oct 1. .
HARWICH— April 4— Br bark Routen
burn," hence Nov 11. ■ ■
LIVERPOOL— April 6— Br ship Je6
eomene. hence Nov 15; Br bark Mennock. from
Fraser River.
DUNGENESS— Passed April 6— Br ship Bal
asore.-for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— April s— Br ship Lat
ericht. for Havre; Br ship Grassendale, for
| Havre.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived April 6— Br *hip Si
erra Estrella, from San Diego.
DUNKlßK— Arrived April 5— ship Falk
landbank. from Santa Rosalia.
FALMOUTH— Arrived . March 3— Br ship Lat
i lmer, hence Nov 20. April 4— Br ship Falkland
bank, from Santa Rosalia.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed April 4— Br ship
Galatea, hence Nov 3, for Hull. '-: *•■■
PRAWLE POlNT— Pasued April 4— Br ship
Falls of Halladale, hence Oct 12, for Queens
, town. - ■ -
1 HAVRE— Arrived April 3— ship Eskason!.
l from Tacoma. April — Br ship Drumalis, hnc
j Oct 28.
! LEITH— 4pril 4— Br ship Cralgmore,
1 hence Oct 19. ' . .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 4— ship Af
! ghanistan, hence Dec 1; Br bark Inverness
! shire, hence Nov 20. >
t LONDON— Arrived April' 4— Bark Louis Pas
| teur, hence Nov 8. -
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived- April 3— Br ship
Alnsdale, from Port Los Angeles; Br ship
I Fairport, hence Nov 15; Br ship Dunsyre, from
! Oregon.
! Sailed April 3— Br ship Red Rock, for Water
ford.
PERNAMBUCO — Sailed March 16— Stmr
Ellhu Thompson. " for San Francisco.
| SANDY POINT-In port Feb 15— Schr Abbie
! F Morris, from Boston, for San. Francisco : sch
I Julia E Whalen, from Boston, for San Fran
cisco; schr Concord, from Portsmouth, for San
FrnnciFoo. J^Eii'tH iWiit|||jiWiii«Wii m, i m
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 2— Br stmr Ta
coma, from« Tacoma. ■
BEACH Y = HEAD— April 3— Br : ship
I Routenburn, whence Nov 11, for Queenstown.
, VALPARAISO— SaiIed April Stmr City of
I Columbia, for Seattle.
; FALMOUTH— April. Rus ship En
dvmion. hence Nov 27: Br ship" Grassenda>>. fm
! Oregon ; T?r ship Halewood, from ' Oregon : Br -
I ship. Hyderabad, hence Nov 13: ship King
I Edward, hence Nov 15; Ital ship Macdlarmld,
hence Nov 19; ship Phllomene. from Ore-
I gon ; April 4— Br ship Deleus, . hence Dec 14:
I Br shin Hndflon : Hall, from Oregon. 1
CAPETOWN— Arrived March 10— - bark
Inversnaid. hence Dec 9. : MQftiagniSpti
' CALLAO— April 2— bark , Adelaide,
Mary, hence Jan. 12. . ,
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
fOBW YORK— Arrived April s— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse. from Bremen; stmr Au
gusta Victoria, from Genoa.
Sailed April s— Stmr Tauric, for Liverpool:
stmr Have!, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Anrll s— Stmr Western
lanii. for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April s— Stmr Rot
terdam, for New York.
2122
ARTILLERY
TRANSFERS
ANNOUNCED
Lieut.-Col. Wallace F.
Randolph Arrives
From Ft. Riley.
General Shafter Assigns
Him to Duty at the
Presidio.
Trip Around the Bay With the
Adjutant - General and
Artillery Inspector.
GALLANT SERVICE RECORD
Paragraphs Added to the Army
Regulation* Relating to the
President's Flag.
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph. Third Artillery. U. S. A., arrived
Monday evening, rind reported at depart
ment headquarters yesterday. He came
from Fort Riley, Kansas, at which post
he has commanded the artillery battalion
for the past three years. Yesterday
Lieutenant Colonel John 13. Babcock, A. i
A. G.. adjutant general of the department, ;
communicated by wire with General
Bhafter, who is in Southern California,
and a message was received from the
general assigning Colonel Randolph to
duty with his regiment at the Presidio.
Later in the day Colonel Randolph, ac
companied by Colonel Babcock. Major
Edward Field, artillery inspector of the
department, and Major Stephen W. Groes
beck Judge Advocate, went aboard the
Government steamer General McDowell ,
and took a general survey of the harbor
fortifications.
Colonel Randolph was born in Pennsyl
vania on June 11, ISO, and entered the vol
unteer service as a private in Company F,
Beventeeth Pennsylvania Infantry. April
18 IS6I He was discharged from the regi
ment June X. IS6I. On May 4, 1861, in con- j
formity with the proclamation of the !
President, a new regiment of twelve bat- i
teries was added to the artillery arm of j
the service, and became known as the
Fifth. Congress confirmed this act of the j
President July 12, 1861, but all appoint
ments dated from May 14. on which date
Colonel Randolph was appointed a second j
lieutenant in the newly organised regi- ;
ment He was promoted first lieutenant
Of the Fifth March 1,1862; captain i of the i
Fifth July 25.1566; and on April 25. IS**. -was
Promote! major of the Third Artillery
Colon, i Randolph earned the bre\et of
capiain June 14, 1863, for gallant and mer
itorious services in the defense of Win
chester. Va.. and he was breveted major
March 13, 1*65. for good conduct and gal
lant services during the war.
His battery participated In the defense
of Winchester. Va., and occupied without
adequate support an isolated, unprotect
ed outwork dominated by a mountain to j
the west, within range. Here the battery
remained till late in the afternoon, when
the enemy opened upon it with plunging
♦ire from sixteen guns. Many of the men
and most of the horses were killed or
wounded, and caissons and limbers blown
up. The battery was so disabled inside
of ten minutes that it became impossible
to remove the guns. Suddenly the enemy
charged with live regiments, which had
been massed behind a neighboring ridge,
in front. Nothing inside the works could
stop this onslaught, but his men stood
by their guns till the enemy had planted
Its colors on the parapet. Not till then
did Randolph order his men to fall back.
Lieutenant Randolph was carried,
wounded, into the town and fell into the
hands of the Confederates. For this
brave defense he was breveted a captain.
Colonel Randolph has served continu
ously with his regiment since the war at
posts along the Atlantic coast, all the
•way from Florida to Maine.
By direction of the ret an' of War
the following transfers have been made
to the Sixth Artillery:
First Lieutenant Harry L. Hawthorne, First
Artillery; First Lieutenant Gustave W. S.
Elevens, First Artillery; First Lieutenant Louis
Ostheim, Second Artillery; First Lieutenant
Arthur F. Curtis, Second Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Edward A. Millar, Third Artillery; First
Lieutenant John K. Cree. Third Artillery; First
Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher, Third Artil
lery; First Lieutenant William P. Stone, Fourth
Artillery; First Lieutenant Samuel D. Sturgls,
Fourth Artillery; First Lieutenant Thomas
Rldgway, Fifth Artillery, and First Lieuten
ant Edgar Russell, Fifth Artillery.
To the Seventh Artillery the following
transfers have been ordered by the Sec
retary of "War:
First Lieutenant John W. Ruckman, First
Artillery; First Lieutenant Elisna S. Benton.
First Artillery; Iftmt Lieutenant T. Bentley
Mott, First Artillery; First Lieutenant Henry
D. Todd Jr.. First Artillery; First Lieutenant
Ipaac X. Lewis, Second Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Cornells DeW. Willcox, Second Artil
lery; First Lieutenant Henry C. Davis, Third
Artillery; First Lieutenant John D. Barrette,
Third Artillery: First Lieutenant Elmer W.
Hubbard. Third Artillery; First Lieutenant
Luclen <;. Berry, Fourth Artillery, and First
Lieutenant WUloug-hby WaUce, Fifth Artillery.
By direction of the Secretary of "War
paragraphs descriptive of the flag of the
President have been added to the army
regulations. The President's flag shall
be of scarlet bunting, measuring 13 feet
fly and 8 feet hoist. In each of the four
corners Khali be a five-pointed white star
with one point upward. In the center of
the flag shall be a large fifth star, also
of five points, which lie in the circumfer
ence of an imaginary circle of 2 feet 9
inches radius. Inside of the star thus
outlined Is a parallel star, separated from
it by a band of white two inches wide.
This Inner star forms a blue field upon
which is the official coat of arms of the
United States as determined by the State
Department, the device being located by
placing the middle point of the line divid
ing the chief from the paleways of the
escutcheon upon the point of Intersec
tion of the diagonals of the flag and thus
coinciding with the corner of the large
center star. On this scarlet field around
the large star are other white stars, one
for each State, equally scattered in the
re-enterir.g angles, and all included with
in the circumference of a circle 3 feet 3
inches radius, whose center is the center
of the large star.
The colors of the President shall be of
scarlet silk, 6 feet 6 inches fly and 4 feet
on the pike, which shall he ten feet long
including ferrule and head. The head
shall consist of a globe, three inches in
diameter, surmounted by an American
oagle, alert, four inches high. In each
of the four corners shall be a five-pointed
white star. The design letters, figures
and stars are to be embroidered in silk
the same on both sides of the color. The
edges of the color are to be trimmed
with knotted fringe of silver and gold
three inches wide, and one cord (having
two tassels) 8 feet 6 inches ions and made
of red, white and blue silk intermixed.
The order adding these paragraphs is
signed by Major-General Nelson A. Miles.
Another Will Contest.
John J. Smith, cousin of Harriet A.
Washington, who died recently leaving
an estate valued at $7000 to Jane Tru
body. filed a contest yesterday to the
probating of the will. Smith alleges that
the testator was not of sound or dis
posing mind when she drew the will and
that in addition she was unduly influ
enced by the beneficiary.
. ♦ . !
Marine is the oldest form of insur
ance.
» ♦ ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tako Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
ftsta refund the money if It falls to cure. 26c.
he genuine lius L. B. Q. on. each tablet.
TOD SLOAN
HAS GONE EAST
Left Last Night by the
Union Pacific for
New York.
He Bade His Friends Good-By
and Purchased a Box
of Cigars.
Predict* That Ornament Will Be a
Favorite In the Brooklyn
Handioap.
Tod Sloan has departed. Tl.« petite
jockey, the immaculately dressed mid
i.jt, who rode hi way into th^ affec
tions of the ultra circles of the scions of
British nobility, has left for the East,
in order that * v ~ lights of jockeydom
of that section of these grand United
Stat . may have a glimpse • f him.
Last night he established himself in
an eastbound Pullman and gathered
his English-looking traps about him
and made himself comfortable for his
long journey. He eft over the Union
Pacific. He will travel as private:y as I
it is pruLible for such a distinguished
personage to do. a. 1 only a* the way
stations when the train stops for w-ter
will he get off to stretch his dear little
legs.
Tod waj very busy yesterday saying
good-by to his many friends and laying
in a stock of cigars. He purchased a |
box at the Palace and paid ;
the $6 for the twenty-five ci
gars with as much sangfroid as if he j
were buying a box of cigarettes. He
examined the brand carefully, and
made his choice with due regard for
largeness of size and blackness of
color.
Dear little Tod wore a Scotch brown
tweed - suit, and his trousers were
turned up with faultless regard for the
crease. A searchlight tie and a black j
derby, and, last but not least, a large [
sparkler upon the little finger of his
left hand compl ted his trans-Atlantic
attire.
Tod jingled the gold that he carried
in his pocket, and occasionally flashed
a handful of the yellow twenties. _ |
He expects ♦•« reach New York on j
Saturday night, and ill deci< tween !
now and then wht re he will put up. |
He will appear upc :i the boulevard on j
Sunday afternoon and attend church
in the morning.
Tod will ride for Julius Fleischmann,
while Featherst^ne and Bromley have
second call up( his services. He pre- j
diets that Omar" n* will go to the post I
in the i^rooklyn handicap a favorite.
He does not know as yet v."..at horse J
will have th^ honor in that rire of i
being guided by his small person, but
he intends to give a good account of •
himself.
TOD "A GOOD THING."
The Jockey Tells of Relations
With His Former Friend,
Dr. Fuller.
J. Tod Sloan, jockey and chum of the
Prince of Wales, doesn't owe Dr. Gris
wold or anybody else $250 for medical
services — at least Tod said so when un
der examination by Justice of the |
Peace Barry yesterday; and who would
dare to question the statement of so
great a personage?
Pome days ago Dr. Griswold, as as
signee of Dr. G. W. Fuller, began suit
against the jockey to recover $250 for
medical services.
The diminutive autocrat's repudia
tion of the indebtedness was sweeping |
and positive. In his deposition he ad- |
mitted that Fuller had attended him i
on one occasion about three years ago, j
but the jockey did not place a hi?h es
timate on the value of the service ren
dered. As an offset, however, he af
firmed that he and the doctor were j
close friends; so close, in fact, that the
medico came to regard him as his
banker and made frequent overdrafts !
on his account. Before his illness. Tod
stated. Dr. Fuller had borrowed $250 1 1
one time, and some time after that oc
casion he had repaid $150 of the j
amount, the jockey telling him that he
would consider the account squared
up. After that Sloan frequently visited
the doctor's office, but only in a friend
ly way to give his friend a tip on the
races, and never as a patient.
According to Sloan, the doctor at the
time had several horses which Tod des
ignated as "platers." and occasionally
he would ride one of them with indif
ferent success. The doctor frequently
visited the track and sometimes pat
ronized the books. At such times it
was his custom to borrow small sums
which Sloan never kept account of.
Their friendship continued until after
Sloan went East, a year ago. The doc
tor requested him to telegraph tips on
Eastern races, but Sloan failed to do
so, and because of that he believed the
doctor had taken offense and brought
the suit. ______^____
CYCLER MARTIN
WANTS A MATCH-RACE.
Would Like to Meet Shanick of Ta
coma — Harry Terrill Going East.
W. Martin, the Australian cycler who
is matched to ride a five-mile pursuit
race against W. A. Terrill of the Bay
City Wheelmen next Saturday afternoon
at the Elmhurst track, is evidently con
fident of victory, as he is already looking
around for further matches. In a letter
to the cycling editor of The Call he states
that he is prepared to race George Shar
rick, the Tacoma professional, a five
mile pursuit race, and will back himself
for jr>oo. the match to take place any
where Sharrick may select. Unless he
can arrange this or some other match
before the 12th instant, Martin will try
the eastern field.
Harry F. Terrill. the well-known local
professional, who has just returned from
Honolulu, exnects to go cast In a few
days, and if he is reinstated by the L. A
W. will race there, otherwise he will go
to France, where all C. A. C. C. riders
are recognized. Terrill says the game is
dead in the islands, the interest having
waned after a few race meets. Of those
who went down there from here Allan
Jones is working In a bicycle store, Dan
Whitman is working in a printing shop
and D. Lloyd Conkling is working his
friends.
In the Divorce Coxirts.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted Helen
Watson a divorce from James Watson on
the ground of desertion.
Minerva Sampson has secured a divorce
from lidward Sampson on the ground of
infidelity.
Judge Daingerfleld yesterday granted
Julia Biggs a divorce from David BigK3
on the ground of desertion.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday in the County Clerk's of
fice: Eliza H. Devin against William B
Devln, on the ground of intemperance'
Louis P. Brandt against Grace P. Brandt'
desertion: Berdiene Berry against Peter
Berry, failure to provide.
GUS GARSON, 238 Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" ehirts. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1898.,
THEY WILL KEEP
THE PASSOVER
The Ancient Festival Will
Open This Even
ing.
Curious and Interesting Cere
monies to Be Followed
A Commemoration of th« Redemp
tion of Israttl From the Bond
age of Fgypt.
With the setting of the sun this even
ing will be celebrated tr l opening of
one of the three primary festivela of
the Jewish faith — the feast of the
Passover. As is well known, this fes
tival commemorates the exodus from
Egypt as narrated in the second book
of the Old Testament Unlike other
Jewish holidays, the principal features
of the feast of the Passover are made
manifest rather in the home than in
the synagogue.
For days anterior to the 14th day of
the first Hebrew month Nissan, an air
of busy expectancy is noticeable in the
orthodox Jewish household. Articles
of food made with leavening materials
are gradually set aside, and the vessels
which have contained them are puri
fied. Many Jewish families possess a
second complete outfit of crockery, sil
verware and cutlery, which is used for
i the Passover alone. The day before
I the festival, that is to say, this morn
ing, all articles of leaven, bread, pastry,
! beer, fermented wines, etc., will have
I been removed to give way for regula
tion articles of diet prescribed for the
following eight days.
During the Passover the staple arti
cle of food used in lieu of bread is the
coarse, unleavened cake, whose appear
ance is familiar to every one. In the
! orthodox Hebrew communities of Eng
| land and the Continent these are pre
| pared under the supervision of spe
cially appointed officials, whose seal on
the case containing them is a guar
antee that they have been prepared
strictly in accordance with the rites of
the Jewish faith. This setting apart
I of specially prepared food is carried
! out with regard to almost every one
; of the foodstuffs ordinarily used, milk,
; cheese, butter, wines, coffee and tea
j being similarly sold under seal of rec
ognized ecclesiastical authorities.
The ceremonies to be witnessed at
the ushering in of the festival In ortho
dox Jewish houses are time-honored
and interesting, and they are derived
| from the usage of hundreds of years.
! Immediately after synagogue on the
j first evening of Passover, the master
j of the house in the pre ence of his as
sembled family invokes a blessing on
the table, which has been set In a man
| ncr entirely different to that which is
I customary. On separate plates are
I placed the shankbone of a lamb, repre
j senting the Paschal Sacrifice, some bit
i ter herbs to typify the rigorous servi
j tude of Israel in Egypt, and a mixture
i of chopped apples, almonds and various
spices, emblematic of the mortar used
by the Hebrews in building the treas
ure cities of Egypt.
The service is commenced by the
master of the house, who. Indicating to
the assembled company one of the
I Passover cakes, pronounces the for
mula: "Like unto this was the bread
I of affliction which our' fathers ate in
. the land of Egypt. Let all who are
| hungry enter and eat, and all who are
I in need enter and celebrate the Pass
; over." The better to carry out the
i spirit of this invitation the door of the
: house is hospitably left open during
the entire service, which consists of ex
tracts from the Law, the Prophets and
1 the works of the ancient Rabbis. At
j intervals hymns and psalms are sung,
; and it is a late hour before the com
! pany disperses.
Services will be held in all the tem
i pies this evening at 5:30 o'clock and to
■ morrow morning at 10 o'clock, when
sermons will be delivered by the at
: tendant ministers.
PRINTERS MAY
OPEN A SHOP
Strikers Talk of Starting in
Business on the Co-Oper
ative Plan.
The Fight Is» Still On, and Each Side
Says the Other Is Weak
ening.
"There is no appreciable change in the
situation to-day, but if anything we are
gaining ground, as we have managed to
secure as many printers as we want."—
C. A. Murdock, president San Francisco
Typothetae.
"There is no appreciable change in the
situation to-day, but if anything we are
g-aining ground, as we have already won
over one of the offices. " — C. E. Hawkes,
president San Francisco Typographical
Union.
These two expressions of opinion tall
almost the entire story of the present
status of the printers' strike— each side
claims to have a little advantage over
the other, but It is impossible to conjec
ture what theoutcome will be, and botn
sides ure alike chary of expressing opin
ions. The chief topic of conversation
around the union headquarters yesterday
was the opening of a co-operative print
ing house, "we have both capital and
first-class labor at our disposal," said an
officer of the union yesterday, "and I can
see no rev-son why we could not make a
success of such an enterprise. Some time
ago we signed a contract with the label
oiiices to throw as much work as possi
ble in their hands, provided they would
reimburse us for any outlay. They have
kept up to their agreement up to the be
ginnHig of the present difficulties, and I
think we have done our share, for In the
past six months we have taken over
$111,000 worth of work away from the non
union ofllces and given it to the men who
are now fighting us. If we had had an
office cf our own we could have dona
the work just as well ourselves, and it
would have kept a great many men
busy."
An tho offices were running to-day, but
few of them had more than half the reg
ular force at work. In speaking of tho
strike yesterday, Gratton Phillips, of the
firm of Phillips & Smythe, said: "I was
the first one to accede to the demands of
the union, and I did so after careful delib
eration. I figured that 75 per cent of the
printers In the city were members of tho
union, and If a certain number of union
offices accented the nine-hour day it
would only be a question of time when
both union and non-union offices would
naturally be working nine hours the same
as they now work ten. It will be just the
same as the change from a twelve to a
ten-hour work day. Nine hours will be
come the accepted day instead of ten. I
have a larger force on now than I ever
had, and aa machinery which was for
merly idle is now busy I think I have
profited by the change, although I fully
expected to lose for a short tima at
least."
A special number of the Pacific Union
Printer will be Issued to-day giving a
lain statement of the situation, and 5000
copies will be gratuitously distributed.
GRUBSTAKED
A CLERGYMAN
Rev. C. P. Cone of Han
ford Goes to the Kotze
bue Gold Fields.
If Successful He Is to Pay Off
All the Debts of His
Church.
During His Absence th* Congrega
tion Is to Care for His Wife
«nd Family.
Kotzebue Is now the Mecca toward
which the goldhunters are turning. The
barks Alaska, Northern Light and Mer
maid, and the barkentines Jane A.
Falkenburg, Catherine Sudden and
Leslie D are now on the berth for the
Kubuck River region, and negotiations
are pending for a number of other ves
sels that are to be put on the route.
All the accommodation on he Alaska
and the Northern Light has 1 en taken,
the Catherine Sudden and Jane A.
Falkenburg are filling up rapidly, and
the chances are that every vessel now
on the berth will have her full comple
ment before the month closes.
Among those who have taken passage
on the Alask", which sails April 25, are
several Oakland people, viz.: C. S.
Barnard, 820 Eighteenth street; B. C.
Skinner, Sixteenth and West streets;
Robert Lee Day, the Taylor brothers,
Captain Cogan's brother-in-law and his
wife, and Mr. and Mrs. Calderwood.
Besides these there are also Rev. C. P.
Cone, Aristo Ludlow and Mr. Ricker of
Hanford and several San Franciscans,
the others being from Eastern points.
It was originally the intention of Mrs.
S. M. Martin of this city, wife of the
evangelist, to take passage on the
Alaska. Her brother, John H. Barnes
of Seattle, also intended to try his for
tune in the frozen gold fields of the
north. In fact they had paid for their
tickets, but when Mr. Martin returned
home a few weeks ago he did not ap
prove of Mrs. Martin making the haz
ardous trip at this time, and eventually
she was persuaded to give it up. When
her brother len» ed this he also gave
up the idea of going, and thus to
fully paid tickets to the Territory of
Alaska were leli on Rev. Mr. Martin's
hands.
The reverend gentleman interested
Arthur O. Garrison of the Pacific Chris
tian, San Francisco, and Rev. Mr.
Gardner of the First Christian Church,
San Francisco, in the Kotzebue Found
gold fields, and they in turn discovered ]
Rev. C. P. Cone, pastor of the Chris
tian Church at Hanford, and agreed to
grubstake him to the gold fields, pro
viding he could make arrangements to
go. His church was struggling along
under a heavy debt, and Mr. Cone went I
before his congregation, told them of I
the proposal he had received, called ]
their attention to the condition of the j
church and proposed to them that he ■
would make the trip, and if the church
would agree to care for his family, he j
would on his return pay off the church
Indebtedness in the event of his "strik- ;
ing pay dirt."
The congregation accepted the offer
and the Rev. C. P. Cone signed arti
cles with Messrs. Martin, Gardner and
Garrison, agreeing in consideration of
$700, to proceed to the gold fields men
timed, and to pay to his three grub
stake partners one-half of all gold or
other ore secured during the year 1898,
and such portion of 1899, or longer, as
he deemed expedient to remain.
B. C. Skinner of Oakland, a member
of the First Christian Church of this
city, later signed articles with S. M.
Martin to the same effect, and C. S.
Barnard, also a member of the First j
Christian Church of Oakland, signed |
with Mrs. Martin a few days ago, mak-
Ing three Kotzebue Sound gold-seekers
in whom Rev. S. M. Martin is inter
ested.
C. S. Barnard Is a contractor and
builder and was a candidate for Oak
land's City Council in 1897 on the Popu
list ticket. B. C. Skinner Is a skilled
machinist.
Mrs. S. M. Martin will likely make
the trip a year from ->w if the above
mentioned partnership proves a finan
cial success.
Captain Cogan has been in Kotzebue
Sound many times and he says that
the half has not been told of the gold
to be found there. He says he has
never yet made a trip to the Kubuck
River region but what Indians have
visited his vessel with quantities of
gold nuggets, eager to trade for needles,
knives, scissors, rifles, tobacco, etc. The
squaws use the needles and scissors in
making furs for sale to prospectors, and
all the passengers are supplying them
selves with these articles that they
may secure cheap equipments.
On the barkentine Catherine Sudden
a party of twelve San Francisco boys
have secured accommodation. They are
going to take along their own steam
launch and will thus be able to pros
pect all the tributaries of the Kubuck
River.
YOUNG GIRLS
HIS VICTIMS
W. H. Doggett, a Cook, Ar
rested on the Charge of
Abduction.
The Polieo Say That » More Serious
Charge Will Be Preferred
Against Him.
W. H. Doggett, a cook 39 years of age,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Anthony and Dillon and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of ab
duction, but a more serious charge will be
preferred against him.
Last Thursday Mrs. Rest, 730 Howard
street, inserted an advertisement in one
of the papers for some light housework
for her daughter, Rachel Costley, a
bright jdrl, between 13 and 14 years of
age. Doggett answered the advertise
ment, and on the girl calling upon him
the following day, he told her that his
sister, who had a farm in the country,
wanted a girl to assist her with her baby
and to do a little housework.
He took the girl to the Stockton boat
and kept her In a house In Stockton a
close prisoner. Yesterday morning the
girl escaped from the house and hurried
to police headquarters, where she notified
Chief Gall of her position. He at onco
telephoned to Chief Lees, and Detectives
Anthony and Dillon were detailed on the
case.
After Doggett found that the girl had
escaped he came to the city and called
upon her mother, asking her if she had
returned. Mrs. Rest made an appoint
ment with him to call in the afternoon,
and hurried to police headquarters, where
she was advised to swear out a warrant
in Judge Conlan's court for his arrest.
She did so. and when he called in the
afternoon the detectives arrested him.
The girl will be brought from Stockton
this morning.
The police say that Doargett has been
at the same business for some time, and
they expect to bring other charges
against him.
WORKMEN IN
GRAND SESSION
The Twenty-First Annual
Meeting of the State
Body.
Reports of the Officers Show
Remarkable Growth in
the Order.
Thow Will Be « Contest To-Day
Over the Election of Grand
Master »nd Grand Recorder.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen of the jurisdiction of
California met yesterday morning at 10
o'clock In twenty-first annual session, all
the grand officers present except the
grand foreman, whose death in Los An
geles a short time since has already been
noticed.
The grand officers present were: Wil
liam Vinter, grand master workman;
George H. Bahrs, grand overseer; D. S.
Hirshberg, grand recorder; Samuel Booth,
grand receiver: J. M. Collins, grand
guide; James Popert, grand inside watch
man; J. D. Nield, grand outside watch
man; Frank S. Poland, deputy grand
master workman; Dr. J. L. Mayon, grand
medical examiner; Edwin Danforth,
grand lecturer.
After the Grand Lodge had been called to
order by the grand master workman, the
report of the committee on credentials
was presented and the representatives
seated, after which the grand master ap
pointed lor the session Grand Overseer
Judge George H. Bahrs grand foreman,
vice Mackay deceased, and Past Master
E. F. Joy of Valley Lodge No. 30, grand
overseer.
The Grand Lodge degree was conferred
on about 150 past masters, who were en
titled to receive it, and the journal of
the previous session was adopted.
Past Supreme Master Workman W. H.
Jordan, and Past Masters J. A. Colqu
houn, C. H. Kile. W. h. Fiske, C. F.
Gompertz and O. Whipple, who were rep
resentatives to the first Grand Lodge that
met in 1577, and are the survivors of that
body, were introduced by Grand Guide
Collins. They were welcomed by the
grand master workman, and an addresa
delivered by Past Grand Master William
Henry Barnes, and the response was
made by Past Supreme Master Jordan.
The reports of the grand officers, a syn
opsis of which appeared in The Call of
yesterday, were presented and referred to
proppr committees. These, as already
stated, show a remarkable growth in the
order since the previous session.
During the afternoon session a number
of resolutions, none of a very important
character, were introduced and referred.
The report of the committee on laws
was adopted with the exception of one
recommendation relative to amendments
of the constitution of the Grand Lodge
and subordinate lodges by a two-thirds
vote. A proposed amendment to reduce
the salary of the grand recorder was de
feated.
The report of the grand medical examl
! ner was also adopted except one recom
mendation, which was that the minimum
I fee for examinations be fixed at $2. This
I was left to the subordinate lodges to lix.
The Grand Lodge rose at 5 o'clock.
This afternoon the grand officers for
! the current year will be elected. The con
tests will be for grand master workman
and for grand recorder. For the former
! position William VinteV Is a candidate
i for re-election for a third term and his
I opponent is Judge George H. Bahrs, while
f«->r the office of grand recorder the candi
dates are: Frank S. Poland, deputy grand
master workman; Past Masters John
Hoesch of Magnolia Lodge, F. H. Carr of
Nevada City. W. J. Hawkett of Oakland
and J. H. Camp of Valley Lodge. There
has been a great deal of pressure brought
to bear on Grand Recorder Hirshberg to
name his successor, but he has positively
declined to do so, not ■wishing to preju
dice the representatives in favor of any
one of the candidates.
To-night a drill team will exemplify the
work of conferring the degrees before the
representatives.
Unity Lodge gave an anniversary enter
tainment and ball last night in B. B.
Hall, which was very tastefully decorat
ed. There was an attendance that crowd
ed the hall and gallery. The programme
included a soprano solo by Miss Anneta
George; specialties, Mr. Cathcart; recita
tion. Miss Elsie Duncan; vocal solo, Rob
ert Duncan: specialties. Waterman sis
ters, and addresses by Grand Recorder
Hirshberg and Past Grand Master
Barnes. Dancing followed.
On Trial for His Life.
The work of impaneling- a jury to try
Kamiklchi Tauchi, a Japanese, was com
menced yesterday before Judge Wallace.
Tauchi, in a fit of jealous rage, shot and
killed Mary Castillo, a white woman,
with whom he had been living:. The
shooting took place on December 26 last
in a rooming house at 901 Sacramento
street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free Trial to Any
Reliable Man.
Weak Men Restored, or No
Expense for Treatment.
A Course of Remedies— mar-
vel of 'medical science — and Appar-
atus indorsed by physicians will be
sent ON TRIAL, WITHOUT AD-
i VANCE PAYMENT. If not all we j
claim, return them at our expense.
£Ssx SCIEMCE TWMMOta
Y^V-^the LAMP OB
MEN WHO ARE WEAK,
BROKEN D OWN, DISCOUR-
AGED. Men who suffer from the
effects of disease, work, worry,
I from the follies of youth or tHe ex-
! cesses of manhood, from unnatural
I drains, weakness or lack of develop-
| ment of any organ, failure of vital
i forces, unfitness for marriage— all
such men should " come to the
] fountain head " for a scientific
I method of marvelous power to vital-
ize, develop, restore and sustain.
On request we will send description
arid particulars, with testimonials,
iin ■; plain sealed envelope. (No
C. O. D. imposition or other decep-
tion.) Cut out this offer or mention
paper. Address
BRIE MEDICAL CO- Buffalo. N. I
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ _^
~~~~' " ' ' —
B^^^^H YOU MY FEEL SURE
B^B^rap^!^g» JyJjJgSa£& rA fine flavor. It goes a long way.
SJjdJ^**--|sk Cook Book sent fre*. Address Lieblg
1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
at™^ Steamers leave Broadway
;| lraFsS!Bk. wharf, San Francisco:
I Kw*rS3^^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ftMrafiC^nk April 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 2C, May 1.
' B^iESS HB^ transfer at Seattle.
p EP&l^isSfil For Alaskan ports (from
1 r**^S*Qisil Spear ftreet wharf). 10 a. m.,
,i April 8, 18, 23. May 3. transfer
™ at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11, 16, 21. 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany b steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ky., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2, 8, 14. 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Ga'viota, Santa Barbara,' Ventura. Hueneme,
San' Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., April 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San * Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and > Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m., April 1. 5, 9, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. m
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12.
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserve's the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel). (
GOODAIX, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
. 10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o ; RT,LA IST ID
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
I MilL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3, 13, 23, May 3
Columbia ... Apr. 8, 18, 28, May S
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to i
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
fkHaWnillffl B. 8. ZEALANDIA.
IKfIRIL fn '' HONOLULU only,
•C* Ba "*' Wednesday. April 8,
y "^^__ 2p. m. Special party
raix^l* \ rates.
i>jpamcnine) The S.S.ALAMEDA
CylMlllJlllr^ aiis via Honolulu and
/OmIR(N7/J- Auckland for Sydney
\yilipUl«r Wednesday, April 20,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic^,
French Lino to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) ii North -p^p-mf.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <£f!Tfs
by this line avoid both transit by •*■«*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116. J.V V '«,
LA BRKTAGNE .April 9, 10 a. m.
LA NOKMANDIE April 18
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .May 7. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATL.AN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. "
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 0
>'-7. n '■- p.m. dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 6: JO P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th«
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J. D. PETERS,
Telephone Main 805^ Cal. Nay. jind Impt.J3a
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
I 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p.m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
| Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241. •
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dai.'y (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. in. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 60c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. '
EAILROAD TEAVEL.
[lygsaaafes^aali CALIFORNIA
l^^^M LIMITED.
I^^H^^ SAN FRANCISCO
i^a VJs!flPF9»3&£vj!| oAH rnAiiblobu
I f^TO>li\ilk^Sw mT ■ mT i 'u i I nuiPAPft
I^^^T^Jn^M^^^^^ll UnIUAOUi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlnij-Rcom Sleepers.
3V4 days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast- time. Direct connec* n in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arriv« and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 6*4 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office. HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7. West
Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY..
From September 10. 1837, trains will run as
follows: '  _ • : - ; -.
Southbound. j , - | Northbound.
Passen- Mixed tc t _. ' Mixed , Paasmr
ger Sunday -stations. Sunda7 ger .
Daily. " ■ Exc'p'td — — — — Exo'p'U , Dally;
7:90 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced . 12:50 p.m. • . 3 p.m.
30:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oA.m.' 2:20 p.m
11:40 a.m." r 6:20 p.m. Hanfonl ; :45*a.m. * l:ljp.ta
12:15 p.m. = 6:45 p.m.' Visalla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. vi
. Slopping at intermediate pi» ' .w wnen rcquirai
(.ciiucciiuiis— At aiucKiun'witti 3leamt>oats of
C. . N. > & I. Co.. leaving • San < Francisco . and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily: at Merced with
Etages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. , eta.
also with etas* - for - Hornltoa. Martposa, eta.:
at Lankersblm with stag* to and from Vadera.
MOUNT TAMALPAI? SCENIC RAILWAY.
. . ■ v : ' •■•' ' (Via Sau^allto Ferry). '. ;5 * "
: Leave San Francisco. ' commencing ' No ven»-
ber 13.-1597:, 4 ■
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
; Bundays— » lo:oo. 11:30 a. in.. l:lf p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, H. • •
f THOU. v COOK A SON, Ascata, « MartWi
•treeu 6aa Francisco. 6 - * >
f BATLSOAD TEAVEL.
MDTHKKN rAt'IFIC COMFABT.
(PACIFIC BVSTBH.)
Train* leave nn«l are due *• »rrl»» ••
SAM FKANCiSVO. .
, - (Main Line, Foot cf Market Street.) v->v ->
i tjtAVK — From Jaxcabt 1. 1898. — AKKivf
j "•«:OOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... •■ 1 i2 A
7:00 a Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . lO»**>A
7:00 a Marysville, OroTille and Redding Tla
Woodland • "'l™!
7:OOa Vacaville and Runisey ■»»«»■
7<3Oa Martinez, Itamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calhtoga and Santa Rosa 5*121
SiOOa Atlantic express, Ogdcn and Kast.. »'*«
•>:ti> a Nil<-s, Hau Jose. >Stochton, ' lons,
. '-- Sacramento, MRrysville, Chioo^ • ■
Tohama and Re.l liluff Jt'!s
•StSOA Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7ilS»
9iOOa New Orleans Kxiiress, Merced, Ray»
mond, Fresno, Bakerstield, Santa
linrliara, ]<os Angeles, Denting.
El I'aso, New Orleans and East. •*•»»
9:09 a Vallejo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno I ?*l2*
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers "2 ,2 F
l:OOp Niks, San Joso and Way Stations.. iZ'\~ A
l:!tOp Martinez and Way Stations 7i4a»
8:00p rmore, Mendota, lianford and
Visalia 4ilO»
Litercjore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations JWM*
4i»Op Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo.
Nfipa, Calistoga. ill Verano and ___._
Santa Rosa 1»ll«*
*i—r ßenicia, Vacaville, Woodland..
Knishts Landing, MarysTllle, Oro- _^^_
Tille and Sacramento I#l4BA
«>IOr Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton *» 7ilo»
4:80 p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced. Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles.. 7i«O*
4<Xor Santa Fo Rc-ute, Atlautio Kxpreia
for Mojave and East 9*§ot
«J3:SOr "Sunset Limited," Los Angelea, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little lU>ck. St.
Louis, Chicago and East |l»ll»A
TOtSUr " Sunset Limited Annex," Xl Paso,
New Orleans and East I 1* 1 *
•IOOr Kuropcau Mail, Ogdeu and Kasl.... •t4oa
OiOOp HaywuuU, Kilesaud San Jose 7i43a
}8:O»f Vallejo 47i48f
AiOO? Oregon JJxpreßs, Sacramento, Marys*
Till©, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kant g»IPA
BAN IiKANDUO AM) HAI'WAUUtI LOCAL.
___ (Foot of Market Street.)
"<*6t*orT '"(' 7ilBA
8:OOa Kelrose, Seminary Park, ** 9: 15 A
io!oot Flteho.r.r.Elmhnr.t, \ ii!«l
.1 1:OOa San Leaadro, South San 12:4& i?
12:OOM LeudrQ.E.t.dill^ &JSJ
*l™\ L0relI0 » Chen,. ' gllir
5:OOr *"d ! «:ISp
8:3 Of IlaywMdi* Jgg
7:O0p { B:4Sp
*=«»' l-RmnthrougUtoNllefc f *>*?*
O:OOp JFromKiles ■ I0:50p
ttiiiiap^ »»romjiuea. y ttia:oof
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge). '
(Foot of Market Street.)
" •oIHa Newark, Centervill<;,.Sttii.loBe,Felton,
Boulder Creek, S&uta Cruz and Way
Stations »■■•»
**iißr Newark, Centerville, .San Jose, New
Aiinaden, l'elton, ISouUler Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Btation« ■l«: 80*
4tlSp Newark, Hun Jose aud Los Gates ... V:3oa,
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7i«oi>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frtm SIN BISCISCO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0! pa.m. }l:03 *2:30 t3:OS
•4:00 $5:00 *6:00 p.i«. ', M
rrt»oi'UNß— roottrßrttdwiy.— "t>:oo 8:00 10.-OOA.K.
113:00 *l:00 J3:00 *3:00 , t«:QO *3:00r.1U
" COAST VISION' (Broad liauge). "
(Third and Townscnd St 3.)
Ct5BA San Joss and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 0:63*
•(••a Ban Jose, Trts Piuos, Sauta Cruz,
Paoilio GroTe, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations '.. 4ilor
1«:49a Sau Joso and Way Stations *8:O0a
Sl:3Oa Son Jose and Way Stations 8:35 a
•a:3or San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, Sau Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific (iro»R •lOi4«a
•8:1 3 r San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:00 a
*4<lSr San Jose and Principal Way Statioui 9:45 a
I *5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 1 :30p
S:3Or San.Toße and Principal Way Stations 6:30
«::sOr San Joso and Way Stations 7:20 r
fll:4si' San Jose and Way Stations 7:^Of
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
\' Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* gulf.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
j I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _- ; .
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RA7AEL. •
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 1J:«.
l:*0, 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at I'M
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS-«:00. »:», U:M a. m. ; I'M. tM,
I t:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAETb TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20. 11:19 a. nul
12:45. 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10, 8:40. 11:11 a. m.{ I:4*, !:«,
6:00. t>:2s p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Par*
j tame schedule as above. ; ' -
"Leave T _ pfrp( ,* Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 21." fan cl»<so.
Week ] Sun- iv,.,;™...,, Sun- 1 Wee *
Days. I days Destination | flaya | daya^
; 7:30 a.m. IS :ooa.m. fNovato, . 10:40 a.m. j I 8:40 a.m.
; 8:30 p.m. |a:3oa.m.a :30a.m. Petalntna, e:lop.m.|l0 :25a.m.
j t> :lop.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. iti :22p.m.
Fulton,
: 7:80 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdaburg,'
Lytton,
Geyservitle,
7:Sop.tn. R:ooa.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. B:3»T>.m.
. ■■■•■.) . IHopland and I '.
7:<»a.m.lBOOa.m.| Ukiah. | 7:86 p.m. 6:2? p.m.
7:Soa.m. | j 1 |10:20a,m.
8:00 a.m. GuernevUle. 7:35 p.m.
B:Sop.m. I I I 1 6:T>p.m.
7 -.bOa-m. 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma [10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
B :10p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen EUen. I B:10p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :80 a.m. 18 :00"a."m7fT7rrrirZ^ 10:40a.m.!10:2,)a.m.
a^SOp-m-ls :00p.m. ! ° et)aatOpOL ■ 7:35 p. m .| 7 :22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fpring*; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdala for • the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay,
I Lokeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
i Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno. Pott**
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'a, Buck-
nell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, BoonvUle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoolno City, Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r#-
"on Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*— Market street. Chronl&la
'FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Managar. Gen. Pass. Act.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry,
From San Francisco, Commencing September
13, XS37* |
WEKK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Karael— •»:»*.
11:30 a. m.; *1:45, 3:45. 's:ls. 6:00. 6:30 p. nu
I Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
I -,v SUNDAYS.
; For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *10.aa
•11:20 a. m. ; »l:15. 3:00, •4:30, 6:15 p. m,
, Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
; THROUGH TRAINS.
'< I:JS a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
! tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) tot
I Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. at.
i Bundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
Q Visit D?:. JORDAH'S''Gi~t
g^a ...Biisdum^of -'Anatoßiy-
p§fBV MB UHR ST. ML 6th 4 7th, C. P. CaL
I S U The Large! toflta kind in ttn World.
W$L \ > DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
V[V»T k. ' : Conmlu;iaa free. TFrit* for Book
X I if^Marrlagt.
« m MAIVCO «»«r