VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 170.
GLADSTONE
WITH THE
MAJORITY
England's Grand Old Mao
Summoned to Y\\s
Final Rest.
Peaceful Close of the Career of One
of the Greatest Statesmen of
the Nineteenth Century.
Bora at Liverpool Deo. 29, 1809
Graduated at Oxford 1831
Entered Parliament _ 1832
Married - 1839
Member of Cabinet 1843
Prime Minister 1868
Resigned 1874
Second term — 1880
iiesigned 1885
Third term 1886
Presented Home Rule Bill 1886
Retired from active public life 1894
HA WARDEN, May 18.— William E.
Gladstone died at 5 o'clock this morn
ing. Mr. Gladstone had been uncon
scious practically all day, though at
times he seemed to recognize for a mo
ment some of the watchers about him.
Certainly he did recogni-e his wife, who
was beside him all day, except when
the physician prevailed upon her to
rest. She tenderly clasped her hus
band's hand as she watched him. Ap
parently he slept a good deal; occa
sionally he uttered a few words in an
Incoherent, dreamy way; words which
those who were watching were unable
to catch. Their only consolation was
that he was not suffering pain. No
narcotics were administered.
Though a national funeral will prob
ably be accepted by the family, there
!s little doubt that the remains of Mr.
Gladstone will be laid to rest in the
p<=acf-ful graveyard at Hawarden ad
joining the church where he was mar
ried more than half a century ago.
LONDON, May 19.— Every other
topic in Great Britain dropped out of
sight before the passing of Mr. Glad-
WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE.
stone. In two places, perhaps, was the
tension most keen and heartfelt — the
House of Commons and Hawarden.
Just before the House rose yesterday
a telegram from Mr. Gladstone reach
ed Ix>rd Stanley announcing that his
father was sinkingr.
Already, before his death, the hush
of grief seemed to fall over the scene
of his triumphs, and from the present
men turned to the past, recalling say
ings and doings. A great lion lay dy
ing, his old colleagues, his one time
enemies and followers, watching his
last long fight with his last and Im
placable foe, as they watched in past
days his fight against foes whom h?
could overcome. True to himself, he
was yielding: slowly, inch by inch. It
was generally felt at St. Stephen's that
his dying was but the sequel to that
great scene witnessed four years ago
when, his last speech spoken, he
quitted the House without one word
of spoken adieu.
Anticipating? 'he Inevitable, the mem
bers of the Government discussed the
appropriate procedure to be observed,
and resolved that no effort on their
part should be wanting to mark a suit
able sense of "ieir loss.
Disregard hie recent precedents, It
was decided that the programme In
Parliament should be tho same as that
adopted In the a&w* of the Earl of
Chatham and of the younger Pitt,
The San Francisco Call
namely, an address to her Majesty,
praying for a funeral at the publlo
charge, and a monument erected In
Westminster Abbey.
Throughout the whole kingdom, every
public gathering added Its words of
grief to the volume of national mourn
ing, clearly voiced in the telegram
from the Prince of Wales to Mr. Her
bert Gladstone:
"My thoughts are with you , your
mother and your family at this trying
tme you are experiencing. God grant
that your father does not suffer.
"ALBERT EDWARD."
At the banquet of the Home Counties
Liberal Federation last evening, Sir
William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal
leader in the House of Commons, in
stead of delivering an important party
attack, only uttered a few words of
grief, and left the room. The Duke of
Devonshire, Lord President of the
Council of Ministers, speaking before
the British Empire League, referred
touchingly to the mourning scenes at
Hawarden, where "the greatest of
Englishmen was slowly passing away."
In other places, Lord Horatio Davis,
Lord George Hamilton, the Secretary
of State for India, Henry Campbell-
Bannerman and many others in Lon
don, as well as in Birmingham, Swan
sea, Cardiff, Liverpool, Edinburgh and
elsewhere, at all sorts of gatherings,
politicians, divines, agitators, reform
ers and women joined in the expression
of national and individual grief, while
the press, without exception, published
columns of detail and columns of edi
torial comments.
It was the topic of the hour in Great
Britain, but abroad the evidences of
sympathy were almost as universal. M.
Faure, President of the French repub-
j ceived every bulletin. The press of
! Belgium, France, Italy and Greece, In a
! spontaneous outburst, recalled how
; many oppressed people during Mr.
! Gladstone's life have offered hymns of
i praise for his Intervention In their be
half; while In Madrid, even, the pros
pect of his death has caused a twenty
| four hour suspension of war animosity
j against England.
Not the least point In this tribute to
Mr. Gladstone was its profound una
nimity.
STORY OF THE CAREER
OF THE GRAND OLD MAN,
How Gladstone Became One of the
Greatest Statesmen of Modern
Times.
No Englishman of this century stood
so high in certain qualities of states
manship as Mr. Gladstone. It is un
necessary to institute comparisons in
preceding centuries. The leaders of
those past generations were not states
men of the legislative national type at
all. They were the heads of parties,
mostly aristocratic, on one side or the
other, "Whigs or Tories, or they were
the personal agents or favorites of the
monarchy. Statesmen professing to
act for the people can hardly be said
Continued on Fourth Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
CUBAN INVASION WILL
BE DELAYED NO LONGER
THE NATION'S NAVAL HERO-
Admiral George Dewey, as He Appeared on the Flagship Olympia,
Amid a Rain of Shot and Shell, During the Fight With the
Spanish Fleet in Manila Bay, May 1, 1898.
Reproduced from Leslis's Weekly.
WHAT HAS BECOME
OF THE PHANTOM
FLEET OF SPAIN?
New York, May 1 8. —While
naval authorities believe Ha
vana is the ultimate destina
tion of Admiral Cervera's
squadron, and the Herald dis
patches show that General
Blanco is expecting it, Secre
tary Long has the impression
that it may turn up at Porto
Rico. The question is, Where
is it now? Advices to the
Herald from Panama state
that the rumor is current in
Colon that the Spanish ships
may come there to coal. Navy
officials believe if the fleet is
not already at San Juan, it is
coaling somewhere off the
Venezuela coast. Neither the
Navy Department nor the
Herald has been able to con
firm the reported presence of
the fleet at San Juan, although
the Washington authorities
place great credence in this
report. One thing is certain:
Admiral Cervera's delay in
seeking battle has afforded
Sampson's and Schley's fleets
an opportunity to effect a
junction of their forces.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, May 18.— No one
here knows exactly where the
Spanish fleet is. In official
quarters a rumor is current
thai it will reach Porto Rico.
Popular comment is that it
has gone to attack one of the
United States ports. The
German war frigate Geier ar
rived this morning. The city
is absolutely quiet.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, May 18.— No re
port has reached here of the
Spanish fleet since it left
Curacao, but a rumor is cur
rent that it may put into
Colon for coal. As the
declaration of neutrality re
gards coal as a contraband
of war it wiil not be supplied
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORTO PLATA, May 18.—
No Spanish fleet has been
sighted here. The censor
eliminates everything con
cerning the movements of
the American warships. The
Dominican cruiser President,
from San Domingo, passed
Mona Passage to-day.
NEW YORK, May 18.— A
Washington special to the
Herald says : The State and
Navy . departments place
much credence in the report
from Porto Rico, published
by the Heraid, that the
Spanish squadron has reached
San Juan, but they have
been unable to confirm it.
None of the scouts have re
ported the fleet. Consul
Van Home, at. St. Thomas,
cables that the only Spanish
vessels sighted were three
small gunboats and a trans
port bound for San Juan.
If Admiral Cervera's squad
ron is not at San Juan, the
belief here is that it is still
coaling off ' the Venezuela
coast.
SANTIAGO DE
CUBA BOMBARDED.
Three American Warships Reported
to Have Fired Upon Morro
Castle.
NEW YORK, May 18.— The
Sun in an extra prints the follow
ing from Havana: Three American
warships to-day Dombarded Morro
Castle at Santiago de Cuba.
Only slight damage was done. No
details of the engagement have
been received here.
Madrid's War Faker at Work.
MADRID, May 18.— An official dis
patch from Havana says: The food
supply Is assured for a long: time. Ves
sels are arriving here from all parts,
even from the United States, with pro
visions.
PRESIDENT
WEARY OF
INACTIVITY
Large American Force to
Be Landed on the Island
Immediately.
Navy Department Receives News
That the Battleship Oregon
Is Now Safe.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, May 18.
Atlast the administration has decided on a vigorous prosecu
tion of the war. The President, tired of the dilatory tactics of
the so-called Naval Strategy Board, and the failure to definitely
locate or overtake the Spanish "vanishing squadron," has in
structed Secretary of War Alger to prepare for the immediate
invasion of Cuba without waiting for the Spanish fleet to show
itself.
Great activity was apparent at the War Department to
day. The members of General Miles' staff were again ordered
to hold themselves in readiness to go south on short notice.
It is understood that this sudden change in policy was
brought about by the President himself, who since Sunday last
has been very much disturbed over reports from Havana that
only a remnant of the reconcentrados survived and that these
were on the verge of starvation. Inasmuch as the relief of
these wretched people was the very reason for our armed in
tervention in Cuban affairs, the President is keenly, sensitive
to the criticism which points out that the very object of the
war with Spain is being defeated by the present dilatory tac
tics of both army and navy.
While President McKinley was at
first anxious to avoid shelling Cuba's
capital, attended as it will be* by the
destruction of innocent live- to say
nothing of the sacrifice of many of our
soldiers, who are to invade Cuba, he
now realizes that the longer it is de
layed the more difficult will be the cap
ture of Havana. Blanco is not only
taking advantage of our delay to throw
up serviceable earthworks along the
north coast, but there appears to be a
fair prospect that Admiral Cervera's
fleet on this side of the Atlantic will
soon be reinforced by the powerful bat
tleship Pelayo, the cruisers Emperador
Carlos V, Alfonso XIII and several
more torpedo-boats.
He realizes that a mistake was made
in not following up the Manila victory
with the reduction of Havana's batter
ies and a bombardment of the city in
stead of sending Sampson on a wild
goose chase to San Juan, where little
was accomplished beyond damaging its
principal fortifications. But it is not
not yet too late to recover from this
lost opportunity, and it was said to-day
that the President had determined to
send 100.000 men to Cuba if necessary.
' Secretary Long gave out the welcome
information to-day that the battleship
Oregon, the second largest craft in the
American navy, had successfully com
pleted her long trip from San Fran
cisco, making the entire circle of South
America, and was now safe. Whether
or not she has joined Admiral Samp
son's fleet the Secretary would not say.
The rigid secrecy of the Navy Depart
ment was relaxed only enough to make
known the best news the Navy Depart
ment had received since the battle of
Manila, as it meant not only that the
Oregon was out of harm's way from a
concerted attack on this one ship by
th« whole Spanish squadron now in
southern waters, but also that her great
fighting strength would be added to
Admiral Sampson's force in the near
future i«\ indeed, it had not already
augmented the admiral's strength.
In all the trip covered more than
13 000 miles. The last stretch, from
Bahia to the Windward Islands, has
been followed with anxiety by naval
officials, for, by a strange coincidence,
the formidable Spanish squadron of
armored cruisers and torpedo boats
approached the Windward Islands at
the very time when the Oregon was
due there. It had been suspected that
the Spanish admiral would try to in
tercept the battle-ship .with his su
perior force, and before leaving Bahia
Captain Clark of the Oregon was
warned to keep a close lookout for
the Spanish fleet.
In reply Captain Clark expressed his
confidence in being able to hold his
own single-handed against all the
Spanish cruisers. The only apprehen
sion he felt was as to torpedo boats
under the Spanish admiral's command,
for these ara a new and practically
untried element against the modern
battle-ship, and Captain Clark, while
confident of holding out against these
also, said a chance blow might be
struck by them.
Notwithstanding Captain Clark's as
surances, the Navy Department con
tinued to feel that a meeting between
the Spanish squadron and the Amer
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
ican battle-ship on such unequal terms
was far from desirable and might
bring serious results. For this reason
the official information reaching the
authorities to-day was the source of
most hearty congratulation. Where
the report came from was not made
known, but the mere fact that Secre
tary Long regards the Oregon as safe
makes it possible that she has passed
to the northward of the Windward
Islands.
The cruiser Charleston, which started
to-day on her long journey to meet
Admiral Dewey at Manila, should ar
rive there in about twenty-four days
allowing a couple of days at Honolulu
for coal.
The stock of ammunition which the
Charleston carries is believed to be the
great essential just now, the fierce en
gagement at Cavite having consumed a
large part of the American admiral's
shot and shell.
There is a good deal of talk at the
War Department to-day of the possi
bility of an issue by the President of
another call for volunteers, but care
ful inquiry tends to warrant the state
ment that this is at least premature
and that no further call is likely to issue
until the aggregate number of soldiers
already called for have responded and
have been duly equipped for service.
This last matter, the equipment of the
new troops, Is the main source of de
lay and promises to become even worse
in the near future.
The Kearsarge and Kentucky win
soon be ready for service; likewise the
Newark, and it is believed the cruisers
Columbia and San Francisco, which
have been stationed off the New Eng
land coast, are also under orders to pro
ceed south and join either Sampson <;r
Schley. The auxiliary cruiser St. Paul,
Captain Sigsbee, arrived at Key West
to-day. The addition of these war
vessels will greatly strengthen the
fighting and flying squadrons. There
will be a sufficient force not only to ef
fectually maintain the blockade of
Cuba's south coast, but for the siege
of Havana. Blanco's forces will be
attacked by our land forces before re
lief can reach him from Admiral Cer
vera.
Meanwhile the Board of Strategy,
facetiously known here as the "Board
of Letharrv." is without any informa
tion as to the present whereabouts of
the Spaniards or their probable des
tination. All it appears to know is that
the fleet sailed northwesterly from
from Curacao. No confirmation of the
report that the squadron i 3 now in the
harbor of Pan Juan has been received
either through the press or official dis
patches. If the Spa:.!~rds are at San
Juan n-> further strategy will be re
quired. They will either be fought to
a finish in their own harbor or else its
mouth will be >lockaded, and the Porto
Ricans starved Into submission, while
t'ae siege of Havana is progressing.
If the Spaniards kept on their north
westerly or- b they should, by thia
time, be ▼or- near Cienfuegos, where
there are only a few small Amerioan
vessels or else In the Yucatan Channel,
with the Idea of descending upon Ha
vana and raising the blockade.
It is altoffot' er Improbable that the2
MISSIONARIES ARE
IN GREAT DANGER
Those Who Failed to Leave the
Caroline Islands May Be Mas
sacred by Spaniards,
VICTORIA, B. C, May 18.— News is brought by passengers from
the Caroline Islands, who arrived here on the steamer Aorangi. They
say that there are many American missions on the Carolines, the group
of Spanish islands in the Southern Pacific, both Catholic and Pro
testant, which will suffer on account of the war. Even in times of
peace the Spanish residents there have never lost an opportunity to
show their hatred for the Americans, and w.hen the news of Spanish
reverses reaches the islands it would undoubtedly mean the massacre
of missionaries and the demolishment of their missions, which were
in a most flourishing condition. The 'missionaries were asked to leave
the islands when the steamer Archer left for Sydney just before the
war commenced, but they, thinking their calling would be sufficient
protection for them with a people alleged to be Christians, would not
relinquish their work. According to the passengers on the Aorangi,
who decline to give their names, fearing it may injure them, as they
have large interests in the Carolines, they will be martyrs to their
duty, as the Spaniards will assuredly slay 'them in revenge for the re
verses of their country. Newsalso comes of the loss of the German
schooner Alster, on a voyage from* the Marshall to the Caroline Isl
ands, with all on board.
coast defense vessel Monterey will be
sent to Manila. Secretary Long says
this will be done only in the very re
mote possibility that Spain sends a
fleet to recapture the Philippines. If
Spain really was fitting out an expe
dition for Mai.lla she would not allow
every day disnatehes to be sent from
Madrid and Barcelona concerning the
matter. Such was the statement of a
Cabinet officer to-night who ridiculed
all these "uncensored" dispatches from
Spain about tLa plans of that Govern
ment in the Prclflc Ocean or elsewhere
as unmitigated falsehoods. The Phila
delphia Press, Postmaster-General
Smith's paper, says:
"The size of the Manila expedition is
really of secondary importance. Its
celerity is more important. Any force
is better than waiting. Congress has
committed the inconceivable folly of
forcing war on a country which Con-,
gress had refused to provide with an
army, but England has been caught
the same way and scrambled out of the
mess, as we shall. The one serious
risk is that, the job being new, the
staff departments at Washington will
prepare too long and fool with belts
and buckles and fixings when the one
essential important matter Is to put a
few thousand Americans with rifles
and West Point officers in Manila.
There, as elsewhere, the English
speaking race will have its own per
suasive way with the brown."
The Japanese Minister, Toru Hoshi,
made another call on Secretary Day at
the State Department this morning.
When he emerged he made the follow
ing statement relative to the Philip
pines: "The J-nanese Government has
made no protest against the occupa
tion of the Philippines by the United
States. The stories that have been
printed in various newspapers, alleging
that Japan objected to this occupation
are based on wild rumors only." Secre
tary Day also has a positive denial of
the rumor.
It is known that some of Minister
Hoshi's visits have related to Hawaii
and the proposition made a month or
more ago that these islands be seized
by the United States as a war measure.
This, it is understood, would have been
objected to by Japan, on account of the
unsettled relations between the present
Government of the islands and Japan.
It is also understood that Japan may
become a bidder for the Philippines, if
they are for sale when the Spanish-
American war is over.
GIVES TIME FOR THE
JUNCTION OF SQUADRONS
Cervera's Delay in Entering Cuban
Waters Affords a Great Ad
vantage to Our Ships.
NEW YORK, May 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Spain's fleet has delayed its appear
ance in Cuban waters a sufficient
length of time to permit a junction of
the men-of-Avar under command of
Rear-Admiral Sampson and Commo
dore Schley. While this junction has
not yet been effected, the authorities
are hourly expected to hear of the
meeting of the two squadrons and of
the consequent formation of armor
ciads which will be able to defeat the
Spanish men-of-war without any
great difficulty, should they chance to
meet. It is expected that the vessels
of the North Atlantic and flying squad
rons will require coal, and arrange
ments have been perfected by the de
partment for supplying them imme
diately upon their arrival at the point
of meeting.
In addition I understand that a large
amount of ammunition and projectiles
have been shipped to Key West, from
which point they will be sent to Rear-
Admiral Sampson, who will distribute
them among the vessels of his com- j
mand which participated in the recent
bombardment of San Juan. Upon
completion of the coaling and ammu
nitioning of his ships he will be direct
ed by the Naval War Board to take up
a central and strategic position, from
which point he will be able to steam
swiftly to strike the enemy upon its
appearance in any direction.
As stated in the Herald, the Naval
War Board in considering the problem
of destroying the Spanish fleet has two
points which they must ever keep in
view — first, the protection of ports
along the Atlantic seaboard, and sec
ond, the protection of the blockading
squadron and maintenance of the
blockade.
It is, therefore, manifestly Impossi
ble for it to order Rear- Admiral Samp
son with his heavy fleet of armorclads
to proceed to San Juan, provided the
Spanish fleet is at that point, unless
such movement can be accomplished
with the utmost secrecy, and he can
reach his destination before the Span
ish force has had a chance to get
away.
But it is also recognized by the board
that it is necessary to destroy the fleet
before its reinforcements arrive, and to
destroy the battle-ships Pelayo and
Carlos V, forming such reinforcement.
An investigation made by the officials
causes them to doubt the truth of there
port cabled them yesterday, as stated
in the Herald this morning, announc
ing the departure of the Spanish ves
sels from Cadiz, but they are deter
mined to maintain a sharp lookout and
cut off these two ships if opportunity
presents itself.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK, May 18.— T. W. Jones of
San Francisco if at the Hoffman. W. H.
Heymann of San Francisco is at the
Plaza. E. Wieland of San Francisco has
gone to Paris.
Read Senator William E. Chandler's
prophecy, "Looking Beyond the War,"
in next Sunday's Call.
HOUNDED BY
SPANIARDS
Experience of an Eng
lish Captain.
ASSAILED BY MAD MOBS
ENRAGED BECAUSE A CARGO
WAS FOR AMERICA.
The British Skipper Followed to the
Consulate at Huelva. and Then
He Was Compelled to
Leave in Haste.
BALTIMORE, May 18. — Captain
Wood of the British steamship Els
wick, which arrived here from Huelva,
reports that he had an eventful ex
perience in the Spanish port. He ar
rived there on April 22 to take on a
cargo of 3200 tons of sulphur for Balti
more. Public sentiment was running:
high against America and Americans
and he gave It out that his cargo was
destined for Rotterdam. He had load
ed 3200 tons by April 27, when he
thought discretion the better part of
valor and weighed anchor.
"When the Spaniards found out I
was going to the United States," said
Captain Wood, "they became wild with
rage and refused to put another pound
of the cargo into the ship. A mob
came down to the dock and began riot
ing. They were armed with sticks and
stones, as well as big knives. They
expressed their hatred for Englishmen
just as much as for Americans, and de
clared they would destroy my ship and
all aboard. I decided to get away as
soon as possible.
"I gave orders to get ready for sea
and visited the Venezuelan Consul, who
represented the United States Govern
ment, to have my papers attested. I
no sooner left the ship than a crowd
began following me, hooting at me. I
paid no attention and continued on up
the street until I reached the Albion
Hotel, where the consulate is located.
The fast increasing mob gathered out
side the hotel and when they discov
ered I was in conversation with the
Consul of Venezuela they stormed the
place. . ,
"The American flag, which was in
the Consul's office, was torn to rib
bons and trodden upon the streets, and
the American coat of arms was shat
tered to atoms. The eagle was kicked
in the mud and spat upon.
"The mob then went for me. They
bombarded the hotel with stones and
smashed every window in it. They
threw a dozen or more huge stones at
me, several of which just grazed my
head. They then drew murderous
looking knives crying that I was an
American, and tried to kill me. I
slipped out of the baok way and by
making a detour rparhed my ?hip un
molested. As soon as I got aboard I
saw the mob coming down the quay,
yelling like mad, to renew the attack.
I ordered the lines cast off, and, as the
tug was alongside, we were soon out
of their reach. We went out a little
way and anchored, after which I got
back ashore on the tugboat and se
cured my papers, and then we sailed
immediately.
"Soon after we left Gibraltar two
small craft were sighted astern, and it
did not take us long 1 to make them out
to be Spanish torpedo boats. They
were evidently in pursuit of us, and for
thirty miles they followed us, but
when night came on we put on a full
head of steam and ran for It out into
the open sea. We kept going lively all
night, and when day dawned our pur
suers were nowhere in sight."
NOMINATIONS BY
THE PRESIDENT
They Include Additional Staff Officers
for the Volunteer
Service.
WASHINGTON, May 18. — The
President to-day sent these nomina
tions to the Senate:
Treasury — George H. Kolker, ap
praiser of merchandise, Cincinnati.
War — To be Inspector-general, with
rank of major, John G. Evans of South
Carolina.
To be commissary of subsistence,
with rank of captain — James Edward
Calhoun of New York; James F. Jen
kins of Wyoming.
To be assistant adjutant-general,
with rank of captain — Harry S. New of
Indiana, Beverly A. Read of Texas.
To be assistant quartermaster, with
rank of captain — Haldiman P. Young
of New York, Frederick Bughore of the
District of Columbia.
Withdrawals — Captain James Parker,
Fourth United States Cavalry, for In
spector-general oT volunteers, with
rank of major; J. F. Jenkins of Wyorr
ing, for commissary of subsistence,
with rank of captain; Harry S. New
of Indiana, Beverly A. Head of Texas,
Haldiman P. Young and Frederick
Bughore, of the District of Columbia,
for assistant quartermasters, with
rank of captain.
Sudden Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND. May 18.— Mra. Rhoda M.
Fisher, wife of Judge P. W. Fisher, and
a native of Missouri, aged 64, died sud
denly of apoplexy last right.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 31AY 19, 1898.
MISS FRANCES
ALGER A BRIDE
Weds Charles Burrall
Pike of Chicago.
PRETTY MARRIAGE RITES
PRESIDENT McKINLEY ONE OF
THE GUESTS.
Many Officers o fthe Army in Full
Dress Uniforms Present
to Witness the
Ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 18.
Under a canopy of orchids and vines,
intertwined with pink ribbon, all
radiating from a softly shaded electric
lig-ht, Frances Aura Alger, the young
est daughter of the Secretary of War,
and Charles Burrall Pike of Chicago,
•son of Eugene S. Pike, one of that city's
most energetic and influential citizens,
were married at noon to-day at the
residence of Secretary Alger.
President and Mrs. McKlnley were
near the wedding party during the
ceremony, as were the Vice President
and Mrs. Hobart, The company was a
most distinguished one and reflected in
a brilliant sense the official world of
the capital. The presence of so many
officers of the army and navy in full
dress uniforms suggested the moment
ous events in which the nation is now
most interested.
The floral adornment of the house,
while as elaborate as ever seen in this
city, was at the same time the most
artistic. Bridesmaid and moss roses
and orchids in pink and white varie
ties were combined with asparagus
and ribbon garlands. The electric lights
in the ceiling of the main drawing
room were made the centers of two
canopy effects, which covered nearly
the entire space. In the music-room,
where the permanent coloring is yel
low, the same effect was attained with
yellow blossoms and green vines, and
in the other rooms were delicate com
binations of floral fragrance and
color.
Mrs. Alger received the guests and
looked unusually handsome in a
mourning costume of black silk and
jetted chiffon. When the wedding
march announced the entrance of the
bridal procession the guests separated
and an aisle was formed down the cen
ter of the drawing room, through which
the party passed to the waiting clergy
man. The groom and his best man, Mr.
William Pike, entered by the east door
of the drawing room. The bride's par
ty came by a longer route, through the
dining room and music room. At the
head were the ushers. The bridesmaids
were Miss Helen Pitts and Miss Crit
tenden of Detroit, Miss Miles and Miss
Jessie Gary. Miss Henry of Detroit,
cousin of the bride, preceded her as
maid of honor.
The bride's wedding dress was of
heavy white satin, made in the style of
Marie Antoinette and trimmed with
point lace. Her tulle veil was very be
coming. Crowning her dark hair was
a spray of orange blossoms. The
groom's gift, a large diamond star, was
worn with other flashing gems.
Following the ceremony the wedding
breakfast was served at small tables
set in the dining room, the halls and
music room. The bride's table was
decked with white lilacs and roses.
When breakfast was announced the
President escorted the br^de to the
table.
President and Mrs. McKinley sat near
the bride and groom, at whose table
were also seated the bridesmaids, ush
ers and parents of both bride and
groom. The Marine Band played the
wedding march and throughout the
breakfast.
Late this afternoon, amid vigorous
pelting of old slippers and showers of
rice, the couple started for a honey
moon jaunt, making the first part of
the trip aboard the Alger private car.
Mr. and Mrs. Pike will take plenty
of time for their bridal journeying and
then will settle down to housekeeping
in Chicago in a fine residence of their
own. Mr. Pike is a member of a well
known law firm in Chicago. He is a
Harvard graduate.
THERE HAS BEEN
TOO MUCH DELAY
WASHINGTON, May 18.— When the
Senate, on motion of Senator Hawley,
went into secret session to-day on the
quartermasters bill, Hawley read a let
ter from General Flagler, chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance, requesting that
authority be given for the purchase of
ordnance without waiting to advertise,
saying that such delay might at times
be of very serious consequence. The
letter was not notable In any respect,
except that It was an official acknowl
edgment of the fact that there are still
many articles to be secured for the
equipment of the army and that expe
dition is considered necessary in secur-
ing them.
The reading of the letter led to a
brief discussion of the status of mili
tary operations and some impatience
was expressed regarding the delay In
getting the military expedition to the
Philippines started.
Senator Lodge made a brief speech
on this point, expressing the hope that
if the passage of the bill would expe
dite in any wise the movement of this
force, It would be put through without
any further delay whatever. He re
ferred to the battle of Manila as the
most notable naval triumph of the
world, because of its remarkable one
sidedness, and expressed surprise and
disappointment that eighteen days
should have been allowed to elapse be
fore troops sufficient to enable us to
follow the naval victory with an at
tack upon the Spanish land forces at
Manila, had even been put in readiness
to start upon their mission.
Senator Gorman repeated his criti
cism made in open session of the pro
vision Inserted by the conferees, but
said he would not place any barrier In
the way of action upon the report.
There was no division upon the accept
ance of the report.
Bed Cross Society Formed.
PETALUMA, May 18.— A large num
be of citizens met to-day at the City
Hall and organized an auxiliary
branch of the Red Cross Society. A
considerable amount has been sub
scribed and members were appointed
to canvass the different wards of the
city and carry on the work. The offi
cers are: President, Miss Nellie Den
man; vice-president, Mrs. E. New
burgh; secretary, Mrs. Blanche B.
English; treasurer, F. H. At water.
Another big meeting will be held Sat
urday night.
DEATH AND
DESTRUCTION
IN ITS PATH
Tornado Sweeps Over
Eastern lowa.
SCORE OF PERSONS KILLED
HOUSES RAZED AND THEIR IN
MATES CRUSHED.
The Storm Crosses the Mississippi
Into Illinois, Its Course Marked
by Ruined Buildings and
Leveled Orchards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLINTON, lowa, May 18.— Over a
score of lives were lost and thousands
of dollars worth of property was de
stroyed by a tornado which swept Clin
ton and Jackson Counties this after
noon. The storm jumped Into Western
Illinois near Savannah, and It was at
that point that the loss of human life
was the greatest. Telegraph and tele
phone facilities are paralyzed to-night
and the full extent of the storm is yet
to be learned. The dead so far re
ported are:
At Preston, lowa— Charles Flora,
Mrs. Flora, three children.
At Quigley, lowa— William O'Meara,
child of John Clark.
At Riggs Station, lowa — Martin
Hines, daughter of Michael Solon.
At Stanwood, la. — Michael Maloney,
Luke Maloney.
At Delmar Junction — Oba Allison, B.
Clemenson.
At Savannah, 111. — Four persons,
names unknown.
The storm which worked such de
vastation in the rich f-rming counties
along the eastern border of lowa and
Western Illinois started shortly after
3 o'clock this morning a mile south of
StanwooJ. From Stanwood it moved
rapidly in a northeasterly direction,
passing over the northeastern part of
Clinton County, the northwestern part
01 Clinton County and then over the
southern portion of Jackson County.
This section of the State is thickly set
tled. No towns were in the path of the
storm, but farmhouses and barns were
torn to pieces by the score.
The storm was seen approaching by
many of the farmers, and they sought
refuge in the cellars. At least twenty
five were, however, unable to find
shelter, and probably as many more
were seriously injured by flying tim
bers. The path of the storm varied in
width from forty rods in some parts of
Clinton County to eighty feet in Jack
son County.
Trees and outhouses were torn to
pieces. Roofs of farmhouses were lift
ed like straws and carried a half mile
along the path of the storm and then
hurled against the walls of big stock
barns, cutting thesn in two and killing
hundreds of cattle which had taken
shelter in the sheds from the storm's
fury. A half dozen school buildings
are known to have been destroyed, but
it is not thought that any of the pupils
perished, must of them having just
reached homo when the storm broke
out.
Near Preston, lowa, more buildings
were destroyed than in any other lo
cality. The wind swirled through the
little vilage with frightful velocity,
leaving scarcely a house standing. Five
persons lost their lives there. Charles
Flora, with his wife and three children,
had his home torn to pieces, and all
were crushed to death under the fall
ing walls.
The cyclone crossed to Illinois, be
tween Savannah and Thompson. One
family of four persons was destroyed
near Savannah. Passing to the east,
much damage was done, but it was
confined almost entirely to outbuild
ings. No lives are thought to have
been lost anywhere in Illinois, except
those mentioned, near Savannah. Tele
graph and telephone wires are down in
all directions, but it is believed that
the storm has spent its force.
Another tornado formed at Amboy,
111., shortly before dark this evening.
The storm cloud formed about six miles
Bouth of Amboy and took an easterly
course. It traveled about twenty miles
without changing its course, and de
stroyed everything in its path. Or
chards, farmhouses and barns were
wrecked, but no lives are known to
have been lost.
Owing to the peculiar atmospheric
conditions prevailing all afternoon, the
inhabitants were on the lookout for
just what had occurred. At the first
alarm, they took to the cellars, and
many of them were imprisoned for
hours by the timbers of their wrecked
houses. Livestock suffered con
siderably, and the loss to property gen
erally will amount to thousands of dol
lars.
At Antigo, Wis., scores of houses
were leveled, many were unroofed, and
a score of people '.vere injured. A heavy
storm was general in Wisconsin, and
farm property suffered great loss.
DUBUQUE, lowa, May 18.—Pussen
gers who arrived on the Milwaukee
road to-night say they met the storm
about 5 o'clock below Lanark, 111. A
cloud, appalling in its blackness, ap
proached from the northwest and
struck the train almost as soon as seen
and with great fury. Northwest of
that point funnel-shaped cloud* were
seen occasionally dropping to the
earth. There was a heavy hailstorm,
and passengers saw uprooted trees and
parts of fences and buildings flying in
all directions. Just before the train
reached Lanark they saw shattered
farmhouses, a:id many farmers were
rushing across the fields.
A mile and a half out of Lanark a
poorhouse was demolished. The build
ing was of brick and how many of the
twenty-five inmates were buried in the
debris could not be learned. They
heard reports of many persons having
been killed and much property de
stroyed, but names could not be
learned. At a settlement a short dis
tance out three houses were wrecked,
the people saving their lives by rush
ing into storm cellars.
At Skillman, 111., the home of
Michael Nelson was destroyed. Nel
son, his wife and two children were
killed. Two persons, names not known,
were killed at Adeline, 111. Richard
Rose, at Byron, 111., and Mrs. Frank
Chichester, at Pawpaw, 111., lost their
lives.
DTTLUTH, Minn.. May 18.— A tornado
struck the village of Pennington on
the Soo line this afternoon, completely
wiping out the place. Three persons
are known to. have b«*n killed and
probably fifty are injured. The sec
tion foreman and two sectionmen are
among: the killed. There was untold
suffering among the injured people till
word could be sent to North Qrandon,
thirty miles away, for assistance. A
special train with physicians and pro
visions went to the scene of the storm
this evening. They report tha,t scarce
ly a building is left standing.
SANTA ROSA'S
FLORAL FETE
Festivities Will Begin
To-Night.
GAYETY FOR PYTHIANS.
GRAND LODGE DELEGATES TO
MAKj^ MERRY.
Politics and Pleasure Now Consum
ing the Time of the Guests of
the Sonoma Metrop
olis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May 18.— Santa Rosa
is now completely bedecked in her car
nival dress, and it is doubtful if a city
in this part of the State ever before
was half so gorgeously arrayed. To
morrow night the big carnival will be
gin. At 8 o'clock the coronation of
beautiful Queen Grace will take place
on the dais erected opposite the Court
house square, and from the moment
that Mayor James S. Sweet makes his
address of welcome and hands to her
gracious majesty the key of pure gold,
typical of the freedom of the city and
the surrender of the civic authorities
to the officials of Flora's realm, busi
ness cares will exist no more this week
for the busy merchant, the artisan or
the laborer. The gallant knight and
his lady fair will lay aside the duties
that have for the past few days been
occupying their attention as delegates
to the Grand Lodge's meeting here this
week, and will devote their whole time
and attention to the pleasures of the
hour. The gorgeous and spectacular
street pageant, which Is to be the
crowning event of the week, will take
place Friday afternoon, and the indica
tions are that the parade of this year
will exceed in beauty and size anything
of a similar nature ever before at
tempted in the State. The wonderful
fleet, upon the flagship of which Queen
Grace and her maids and entire court
will ride through the city's streets, the
many other novel features never be
fore attempted, the enthusiasm noted
on every side — all tend to show that the
carnival of 1898 will be the success of
all successes.
The Knights of Pythias Grand Lodge
continued its labors to-day. The mat
ter of disposing of the offices within
the gift of the Grand Lodge is already
attracting a great deal of interest. C.
L. Patton, at present grand vice-chan
cellor of the order, will succeed Judge
W. H. Grant of Woodland as grand
chancellor without opposition. Mr.
Patton is at present grand master of
the Masonic fraternity of this State and
his new office will place him at the head
of two of the largest and most influ
ential fraternal organizations in Cali
fornia. H. R. Arndt of San Diego, at
present occupying the office of grand
prelate, will, in the regular course of
events, be the next grand vice-chan
cellor.
For the office of grand prelate the fol
lowing candidates are in the field and
some "tall" politics is being done. Lieu
tenant-Governor William T. Jeter of
Santa Cruz, J. H. Liffett of Sacra
mento, E. I. Wolff of San Francisco and
E. W. Davis of Berkeley.
For the honor of acting as supremft
representatives at the coming session
of the Supreme Lodge, the candidates
are many. Hon. Frank McGowan oc
cupied the position, having been elected
previously; but, discovering that bust
ness reasons would prevent his serving,
he resigned to-day, whereupon the foi
lowjng aspirants for the place were an
nounced: Brigadier-General C. F. Mc-
Glashan of Truckee, J. T. Crowley,
Walter C. Graves, Georgre Samuel and
George E. Church. Several precincts
are still to be heard from.
H. Schaffner, grand keeper of the re
cords and seals, will be re-elected with
out opposition. S. G. Little will also
be re-elected grand master of the ex
chequer. For the office of grand mas
ter-at-arms only one candidate so far
has really entered the field. He is C
S. Van Roy of Sacramento. Henry G.
Rahman of this city may become a can
didate.
The election for grand trustees will be
an interesting one. Those known to
be in the field are the Rev. I. M. Mer
linjones of Los Angeles, C. L. Levy of
San Francisco, W. H. Easdor of Los
Angeles, C. O. Alkire of Pasadena, Jo
seph Williams of San Francisco, W. J.
Rogers of Ran Francisco, Signor Steiner
of Escondido, George L. Mergulre of
Palo Alto and Andrew Johrdahl of Eu
reka.
The big excursion to the Redwoods
of Guerneville to-day was attended by
over twelve hundred people from this
city alone, and the affair was a great
success in every way. To-night a ball
at the Athenaeum was held in honor
of the delegates and visitors.
At to-day's session of the Grand Lodge
the representatives to the Supreme Lodge
were instructed to use every effort to in
duce Congress to recognize the Uniform
Rank, Knights of Pythias, as a reserve
secondary to the National Guard, and al
way ready to he called out for war duty.
NO VESSEL HAS RUN
THE MANILA BLOCKADE
Dewey's Fleet Has Captured Several
Spanish Steamships and Coast
ing Vessels.
LONDON, May 19.— The correspond
ent at Manila of the Daily Telegraph
telegraphs under date of Friday as fol
lows: Despite the worries of the block
ade, the spirits of the Spanish officials
are well maintained. The vessels of
Admiral Dewey's squadron keep their
positions and content themselves with
preventing all supplies from reaching
the beleaguered city.
In addition to the Callao, the Amer
icans have taken some steamers which
were making for the port and several
coasting vessels. Nothing has yet suc
ceeded in running the blockade. Ad
miral Dewey is credited with a desire
to capture Spanish steamers, as his
launches have been scouting around
the coast.
The rebel forces have not yet sum
moned up courage to attack the city.
They are in condition to do so, but they
ravage the country outside. The for
eign residents believe that if the city
fell into the hands of the rebels it
would be deplorable. The Governor is
creating a loyal native legion to assist
in coping with rebel attacks, while the
Spanish regular troops are reserved to
meet any American forces that may be
landed.
EXCHANGE OF PBJSONEBS.
Belease of Correspondents Thrall and
Jones May Soon Be Effected.
"WASHINGTON, May 18.—Negotia
tions are in progress for the exchange
of Thrall and Jones, newspaper corre
spondents, for Colonel Cortijo and
Military Sursreon Julian, now prisoners
war in the United States.
DISAGREE AS TO
DURATION OF WAR
But All Englishmen Are in Accord
as to the Justice of Uncle
Sam's Cause.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
0 LONDON, May 18.— As an instance of the extraordinary diversity of 8
8 opinion existing here as to the. probable duration of the war, I have CS
# It on unimpeachable authority that a member of the Cabinet told a £
O friend last night at dinner that he fully expected the war to last from 8
8 two to three years. I have just seen Mr. Mac Arthur, M. P., for the Ex- Q
8 change Division of Liverpool. I asked him what might be the current 8
O feeling among his constituency with regard to the war. He said: &
O "I take it that the general feeling in Liverpool Is in favor of the United &
# States. Common sentiment is that the oppressed Ehould be free. A 8
8 common love of liberty is Imbued in both branches of the English- 8
O speaking race." k O
LAUNCHING OF
THE ALABAMA
Battle-Ship Slides From
the Ways.
FEW SPECTATORS PRESENT.
CRAMPS' YARD CLOSED TO
GUARD AGAINST SPIES.
Daughter of Senator Morgan Chris
tens the Vessel, Which Will
Be Beady for Service
Within a Year.
PHILADELPHIA, May 18.— The bat
tle-ship Alabama was launched at
Cramps' shipyard shortly before 1
o'clock this afternoon. Miss Mary E.
Morgan, daughter of Senator Morgan
of Alabama, had the honor of breaking
the traditional bottle of wine on the
prow of the big fighter as it slid from
the ways.
The fact that the launching of Ihe
ship was one of the most successful
ever witnessed at Cramps, is regarded
as an omen of good fortune. So eager
was the Alabama to get into her na
tive element that before the swing of
the "shoe" which holds the cradle in
place had been completed, the mon
strous hull, tugging with a weight of
thousands of tons on the strips of oak,
tore them apart, and the big mass of
steel glided gracefully into the water a
few seconds ahead of schedule time.
Miss Morgan stood on a dais built on
the launching platform, directly under
the bow of the Alabama. She was
attended by her father. Senator Mor
gan, and her sister, Miss Cornelia Mor
gan. As the ship began to tremble pre
paratory to sliding off the well-greased
ways, she took a firmer grasp on the
gayly bedecked bottle of native Aln- I
bama wine which she held in her right
hand, and, swinging it above her head,
smashed it against the nose of the ship,
saying as she did so:
"I crown thee with magnolias, brave
ship, and christen thee with a proud I
n«me — Alabama."
The bow of the boat was hung with
great festoons of magaolias, gray
moss and roses gathered by the ladies
of the State of Alabama and sent here
for the occasion. Only a few hun
dred people witnessed the launching,
as against the thousands that are
usually in the yard on such occasions.
For some time past the yard has been
closed to all viaitors, and the rule was
not relaxed to any extent to-day. Fer r
of Spanish treachery has made the
Government and the Cramps extremely
cautious, as a single bomb exploded
by a hostile visitor would do almost in
calculable damage. The "war time
launching" was, for this reason, almost
a private affair.
After the Alabama had come to a i
standstill in the Delaware, tugs towed ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' - : ' _
ThFBATTLE !
Fierce war Is raging all along the lines. A war for physical existence
—creaturely. comforts, the right to live, to maintain integrity, to maintain
the family, and educate the children. A man of the Jewish faith of large
business experience, when asked what is the cause of all this complaint
of "Hard Times" in a country as rich as California, answered promptly.
"Credit. Credit does it. People not only use but abuse their credit. They
buy all they can on credit and pay day keeps them poor. It is true of in-
! dividuals, true of merchants, true everywhere. Try the cash plan religious-
ly and see where it lands you."
THESE v ARE CASH PRICES
FOR THE ARMY. GROCERIES FOR CASH.
cmp E1.»k.... •"it™. ■»"■ Ma no. noo MM Ljng. SrUSl&tC—™ *
gSK BS^SriSwi'^a:::::::::: 5 S JSS «S j^..^... «.■ X
su '"°' T -n.^.-,*-*..,..- SUPPLIES FOR CASH.
C A MPINfi OUTFITS Lawn Mowers, used to bring $12... It 75
. Alii I inU UtirilJ. ' sowing Machines., none better made .-..15 00
il^iiili IfHliiii
We deliver: ffooda anywhere in town promptly
.^"^■s^BSJ^Tffil^ We deliver same day- In towns across the ba,- f
\ BffiPgßg 3 : We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage.
. ■MB -/ J&««Sf/' c niake a great point of keeping best goods. .
j^JSl^.i^MWr/ We want to please buyers of 'all- lines. /' .
' V^Bl^telW^sSl i^w/ We expect you to buy for ; your wants, not more.
; ? '^vfC^HMwSH^^V We understand '"packing for Alaska or foreign trad* •
II IW]^_>^ . jvji car linea bring you here for a single fare. |lf«ij
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
her back to the dock and workmen
swarmed over her, beginning at once
the work of preparing her for service.
If the armor is contracted for now and
delivered promptly, the ship will be
ready for commission within a year.
It is a curious coincidence that the
yard number of the Alabama, 290, is the
same as the yard number of the old
Alabama, built for the Confederacy In
an English shipyard during the Rebel
lion.
The Alabama is the first to be launch
ed of three battle-ships of her type,
the other two being the Illinois and
Wisconsin. She presented marked di
vergencies of design from the first
three — the Oregon, Indiana and Massa
chusetts. The differences involve
both the arrangement of the battery
and the disposition of the armor. «a
well as a considerable increase in size
and displacement. The first type had
the armor arranged in a water line belt
and casemate amidships, with the ends
forward and aft belt protected by sub
merged armored decks, and their bat
teries were mounted as follows: Four
13-inch guns in two turrets; eight B
inch guns in four turrets, one at each
coriier of the superstructure, and four
6-inch guns mounted at the corners of
the casemate below the superstructure.
In the Alabama the water line
armor is carried clear forward. The
protective deck, instead of being sub
merged as in former ships, is raised to
the level of the belt by slopes at each
side, the same as in protected cruisers.
The eight-inch guns of the Indiana type
are done away with entirely, the main
battery of the Alabama type consist
ing of four 13-inch guns in turrets and
fourteen 6-inch rapid-firing guns, of
which ten are mounted on the gun
deck, eight in broadside between the
turrets and two firing straight ahead
forward of the fore turret on the
gun deck. Four ajre mounted In a
small redoubt on casemate deck, two
on each side. The broadside 6-lnch
guns, instead of being mounted to pro
jecting sponsons, are mounted In reess
ports in order to secure extensive train
forward and abaft the beam.
ACCUSED OF HOISTING
THE FLAG OF SPAIN
Foreman of a Washington Mine in
Danger of Being Mobbed by
Patriotic Workmen.
SEATTLE, May 18. — A posse of four
teen deputy sheriffs left this afternoon
for the coal mining town of Issaquah,
fifteen miles distant. It was summoned
to suppress a violent demonstration if
not actual violence against W. L. New
ton, formerly a boss in the Gilman
mines.
A Spanish flag was hoisted over the
company store and Newton is charged
with the treasonable act. He was or
dered by a miners' committee to leave
the town. He announced to-day that
he would not leave alive. Public feel
ing ran high and it was feared a mob
would summarily deal with Newton to-
night.
The presence of the sheriffs has had
the effect of preventing an open out
break, although up to midnight the ex
citement was still high.
■%. 1
GENERAL BARRIOS
GOES WITH THEM.
Twenty-Five Cubans Will Leave Ja
maica to Join an Expedition
From New York.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon B^nnott.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 18.—Twen
ty-five Cubans will go from hqre to New
York to-morrow to join the I'nltcd States
expedition to Cuba. Among them is Gen
eral P.arrios, who was the first to invade
Mutanzas.MERRITT HAS
THE PICK OF
THE TROOPS
Flower of the Volunteer
Army Will Go to the
Philippines.
Crack Regiments of the East to
Accompany the Regulars
and Coast Militia.
CHICAGO, May 18.— A special from
Washington says: It was officially
announced at the War Department to
day that General Merritt will have the
strongest division of 15,000 men that it
is possible to raise in the United
States. Besides the 4000 regulars which
have been assigned to his command he
will be given the pick of the troops
in the various States until his quota
has been filled.
In addition to the Tenth Pennsyl
vania,- it is probable that he will be
given one of the best regiments from
New York, a crack regiment from Ohio
and one from Michigan and a fifth
from Illinois and a sixth from Minne
sota has already been ordered to San
• Francisco, while Nebraska will con
tribute one regiment to the expedition.
It is the plan to embark 1000 men as
soon as supplies can be put aboard the
City of Peking. This vanguard, which
is commanded by General Otis, will be
used for the purpose of taking pos
on of Cavite and preparing a
camp for those to follow.
It is declared to be the intention of
the administration to continue pour
ing troops into the Philippines until
there is a force sufficient to govern
every island in the group. It is ex
pected that General Merritt will leave
by Friday.
WASHINGTON, May 18.—Recogniz
;•>? the excellent soldier material in the
yivania troops, the War Depart
: has decided to draw on that State
: pplying in part the quota for the
I oil ;q>.:;e Islands expedition. The
Tci-th Regiment has been selected for
this work and orders have been issued
hurrying it to San Francisco, so that
the men may leave with one of the
first ships for Manila. The Tenth is
said to be the crack organization of the
State. The earlier programme contem
plated the dispatch of the regiment to
Tampa.
It is understood the department will
endeavor to give General Merritt, who
is to command the expedition, proba
bly a thousand more regulars than was
at first proposed, In which case the
Fifteenth Infantry, located in New
Mexico and Arizona, will be drawn on
unless the present programme is
changed.
CHIOKAMAUGUA NATION A L
PARK, Ga., May 18.— Two infantry reg
iments arrived to-day and one battery,
in all 750 officers and men, making at 6
o'clock to-day in camp at this point a
volunteer army of seventeen infantry
i^-nts, one of cavalry and five bat
-of artillery— in all 18,100 officers
and men.
The First Pennsylvania Infantry ar
rived at Chattanooga at 7 o'clock. The
icgiment is composed of ten companies,
:■}:• men and officers. Lieutenant J. L.
Good is in command. The entire regi
ment is from Philadelphia.
tery A. St. Louis Light Artillery,
tin F. M. Rumbold commanding,
• •■I at 3 o'clock a. m. They had no
l >•!■] guns, but will be equipped with
t..v H. 2-inch breech loading Hotchkiss
rliles and 140 head of horses at the
paik. The men are all uniformed hand- i
■«>'•
r lie Sixth Ohio #ifantry reached
| >.: 'i o'clock to-night, remaining in j
■•ars. The regiment is composed !
yen companies, 815 officers and j
i and commanded by Colonel Wil
liana V. Mackin.
ilenera! Brooke announced to-day
thit in accordance with orders from the j
President the volunteer troops would
ganized at < 'hirkamaurra as fol-
Two corps of thre? divisions each. ;
c h division to be composed of three i
: des. 'r.d the brigades to be com- !
f three regiments each.
The first division of the first provin- |
cial corps has been completed, as was
noted In these dispatches yesterday,
ami has been assigned to Major General
is H. Wilson, The organization of
tecond division began with the!
early arrivals of to-day.
Colonel A. K. Arnold has been named
as the provisional commander of the
division and the First Brigade has
been filled as follows: Colonel Robert
Ualsfon of the Third Pennsylvania,
provisional brigadier; Third Pennsyl
vania, Thirty-first Michigan and One
Hundred and Sixtieth Indiana. Second
F.rigade — Brigadier to be named. Sixth
Ohio. One Hundred and Fifty-eighth
Indiana and the First West Virginia-
Third Brigade— Brigadier to be named.
Pecond Ohio, First Pennsylvania. The
next regiment to arrive will fill up the
division.
The Fourteenth Minnesota Infantry
arrived at 7:30 o'clock to-night in Chat
tanooga and remained over to-night in
its cars in the railroad yards. The reg
iment had 1100 officers and men and is
comamnded by Colonel A. Vanduse.
Four companies were without uniforms.
They were supplied with arms and
tents and ten days' rations. The First
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCE S ELECTRIC BELT
>sg!?v.|^^^jgj. CURES DISEASE WITHOUT MEDICINE
ePPp?:s- ' *'* ' J^*S c cou '^ n " th ' s "'hole newspaper with lJtu?ri
*>■• C x  • I? l^"''''v^*'^?Fs3f%H "DR. PIERCK & SON, San Francisco — CJen-
J l^^S^J^^«r%Si?*^-"^t : BfiK^f tlemen: Once a^ain I address you this tim«
<^^W#^«WlW -■'■ ri-2> t0 order a %Vo Belt - The one y°" »ent me iSt
l^^^^^«>s^fe7Jffl»«¥J* :^S^^^ October was a beauty, and the party for which
-- I ordered It was well pleased 'with uS Effect
on hlm: BO much BO »n fle ed that I have never
4 h * ard hlm complain of his back hurting him
since. So please mall one of your No. 2 Chain
jj": and 1 1 will take the chances of having him say
Get our new t>ook. Write for it to-day, ' for
P^^^*%^*V\¥^W«^P«^^^^W^m|^3 lho next tlm(? you look for thls a^^'Prtlsement
;- , :\ r - L ? **;j»^\\t?^*s?'3&j| ° llr salesrooms and manufactory and exaro'ne
%l£; ; ; % '° " ' ''%|J#^ 620 MARKET*BT., Opp. HoUl, 8»n Fr'welioo,
f™!Illlfm««^fflWl 62 ° MARKET ST., Opp. P*la«e HeUl, San ?ranel»c»,
n^a^SaM!^^^\\M^«tiKiM^mS^ or uUlv« Block, Flmt ay.. Seattle. With. >J
! Illinois Infantry arrived at 10 o'clock,
■ two miles out from Chattanooga, and
remained on a siding.
OGDEN, May 18.— Troops for the
' Philippines are arriving at Ogden
now very rapidly. This morning at 3
o'clock three trains of the First Regi
ment of Nebraska came in and were
immediately sent on over the South
ern Pacific. This afternoon the fourth
train of the Nebraska regiment ar
rived. The regiment numbers i»73 men
and 46 officers. They are equipped
. with Springfield rifles. Modern arms
will be secured at San Francisco.
Four more trains are expected in be
fore 2 o'clock. The first regiment of
; Colorado troops will arrive in the
morning.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS, Wash..
: May IS. — Captains Frank R. Keofer and
j Paul G. Straub. assistant surgeon,
t now on duty with a detachment of the
i Fourteenth Infantry in Alaska, has
been ordered to report for duty at San
Francisco without delay. Major Thomas
H. Barry has relieved an assistant ad
jutant-general, Department of the Col
' umbia, by Major Wirt Davis, and de
parted for San Francisco to-night.
DENVER, May 18.— A special to the
' News from Cheyenne, Wyo., says: The
Wyoming Battalion under command of
Major Foote, left here to-day at 3
o'clock for San Francisco.
MOVEMENTS OF THE
OPPOSING WARSHIPS
Schley's Flying Squadron Beaches
Key West, and Watson Starts
for Havana.
CHICAGO, May 18.— A special from
; Key West says: Commodore Schley
with his flying squadron arrived here
: to-day. Dispatches from the commo
; dore were sent ashore and replies from
| Washington were promptly delivered.
! . MIAMI, Fla., May IS.— it Is reported
from Key West that Commodore Wat
son has started for Havana with
United States squadron No. 3 to work
i in harmony with the squadrons under
Rear-Admiral Sampson and Commn
rlore Schley. Commodore Watson took
his fleet from Key West singly. He
has been coaling for several days and
the coal Is piled high on the decks.
His fleet consists of the powerful moni
; tors Puritan and Miantonomoh, the
1 cruisers Cincinnati and Helena, the
auxiliary cryiser St. Paul, the torpedo
: boats Ericsson. Dupont, Foote and
dishing, and the gunboats Bancroft,
Hamilton, Dolphin, Morrill, Eagle,
Wasp and Hawk.
BREAKWATER, Del., May IS.— The I
cruiser Columbia arrived here at 12:10 i
o'clock.
COLON, Colombia, May 18.— It Is ru
mored here to-day that the Spanish
squadron may possibly touch at this
port.
PHILADELPHIA, May 18. — The
cruiser Columbia, which anchored at
the Delaware Breakwater at noon to
day, weighed anchor at 4:22 p. m. and
passed to sea. Her destination is un
known.
LONDON, May 19.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
The Spanish ships are fitted up with
Krupp guns, but they still lark many
essentials and rannot in any circum
stances put to sea within a week.
GIBRALTAR, May 18.— The flrst
rlass battle-ship Pelayo, the armored
cruisers Kmperador Carlos V, Alfonso
XIII, Vittorta and Giralda, the auxil
iary cruisers Rapido, Alfonso XII,
Buenos Ayres and Antonio Lopez and
throe torpedo-boats now at Cadiz are
ready for sea. They are expected to
sail for the Philippines before the end
of this month with 11.000 troops.
CHICAGO, May 18.— A special from
Washington says: "I do not believe
that there will be any great naval
battle," remarked Senator Cannon. "It
la Spain's intention not to fight if she
can escape us. My opinion is that th
Spanish cruisers will attempt to stea
along the Atlantic coast and bomban
our cities. Spain does not want to tr
another bout with us after the experi
ence that Admiral Dewey gave them.
The opinion of the leaders in Con
gress is that until they know the re
suit of the naval battle which is t
take place whenever Sampson and
Bchley catch the Spanish fleet fina 1 ad
journment will not b^ considered
Dies Laden With Years.
SANTA CRUZ. May lS.'-Nelson Taylor
of this city is dead. He was 87 years of
age and a native of New York He ar
rived in California in February, 1850, and
SAW'S &£i Sprl^ of 1851- From
ixhz to 1&72 lie served as County Asspssnr
sk-s* ll shl.5 h l. h r7sh^sr^riS8 d vib.
other charter member survives him.
THE SA^ FRASTCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
SPANIARDS CLAIM A SEA
VICTORY OFF CARDENAS
HAVANA, May 18.- -Some American ships ap
proached Cardenas yesterday and the commander of
the port went out to fight them with the gunboats
Hernan Cortez, Valiente, Intrepida and Cauto. It is re
ported that a fight took place. The Spanish gunboats
returned to port very late at night, claiming a complete
victory over the American ships, which the Spaniards
report withdrew.
SAMOAN REBELS
HOIST A FLAG
Disorders Continue on
the Island.
MATAAFA HOLDING ALOOF.
I
THE PRETENDER NOT ONE OF
THE MALCONTENTS.
Foreign Residents Declare Warships
Should Be Sent and the Na
tives Deprived of Their
Arms.
Bp«clat Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, May 18.— Latest advices
from the South Seas contain interest
ing news anent Samoan affairs. At a
i great meeting .t the rebel scat of gov
! ernment the rebel party hoisted a new
flag with one stripe between two red
! stripes. It is said that the hoisting of
' the flag was merely a device to give the
now dormant rebel party renewed life.
Tamasesa, the rebel head or King, does
| not seem to have joined in any way in
the demonstration, nor had he signed
the notice sent to the Consuls of the
hoisting of the flag. Also the leading
chiefs of Atua, the province of the ex
\ iled King or Pretender, Mataafa, were
conspicuous by their absence from the
Seeting. That is taken to Indicate
at there is forming a distinct Ma-
I taafa parf>- which will favor the Gov
: ernment rather than the rebels.
The natives of Savaai are the more
radical/ of the rebel party. They are
f.ir war, while the Opulu people, head
! Ed by Tamas-esa, don't want to go to
' that extremity. Foreigners in discuss
ing the situation say everything seems
i to show that the stand taken by the
Presidents not to retain Mataafa is the
proper course, at any rate until the
■ rebels are disarmed. Without arms the
' rebels would subside, and there would
i be no more meetings or hoisting of
That the country should be In such a
state of discord and rebellion is a dis
grace to the three Presidents, when by
simply the display of a warship apiece
the rebels would yield up their arms
and retire to their homes. It will have
to be done some time and It was bet
ter to do it now before any outbreak
occurs with its loss of life and property,
which would be far more in the next
war than in any of the past.
News comes from New Zealand of an
outbreak of Maoris near Ohoewai. The
authorities attempted to make the
Maoris pay a tax on each of the large
number of dogs they have around the
villages, whereupon the natives went on
the warpath and burned many bunga
lows of the white residents in the vicln
| ity, besides roughly using the occu
' pants. It is understood that no lives
were taken.
Her Majesty's river gunboat Torch
has ben dispatched to the scene to put
; down the outbreak. Should the au
thorities enforce the tax on the dogs it
is feared outbreaks will occur in other
■ parts of the country.
ANNUAL" MEETING OF
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
M. H. de Young of S?.n Francisco Re-
tamed in His Place on
the Directorate.
CHICAGO. May IS— The annual meet
; Ing of the Associated Press was held to
il ny in Recital Hall, Auditorium build
ing, 115 of the 129 stockholders being pres
! ent Vice-President Horace White of the
: Now York Evening Post presided.
The annual report of the general man
ager Bhowed that the receipts last year
were $1 605,866 and the expenditures $1,520,
. 546 The present membership is 700. and
i about 2500 daily find weekly papers are
■ served through minor organizations.
The following directors were elected:
1 Arthur Jenkins. Syracuse Herald; M. H.
! de Young, San Francisco Chronicle; Vie-
I tor F Lawfon, Chicago Record and Daily
News; Charles W. Knapp, St. Louis Re
public.
The following advisory boards were
chosen: , "
Eastern division— General l<elix Agnus,
| Baltimore American; James Elverson Jr.,
' Philadelphia Inquirer; Ambrose Butler,
! Buffalo News: Charles H. Taylor Jr., Bos
' ton Globe; P. C. Boyle. Oil City Derrick.
Central division— George Thomnson, St.
Paul Dispatch; D. H. Houser. St. Louis
Globe-Democrat; A. Howard Hinkle. <"in
cinnati Commercial-Tribune; 11. S. New,
j Indianapolis Journal; EL Rosewater,
I Omaha Bee. -»'*—.
Southern division— H. H. Cabanass, At
lanta Journal; A. B. Pickett. Memphis
Scimitar; A. S. Ochs, Chattanooga Times;
G. H. Baskette, Nashville Banner;
Thomas G. Rapier, New Orleans Pica
5 Western division— Hugh Hume, San
Francisco Evening Post; Colonel P. Lan
nan Salt Lake Tribune; W. H. Mills,
Record-Union. Sacramento: E. B. Piper,
Post-Intelligencer, Seattle; Harvey W.
Scott, Portland Oregonlan.
PORTLAND AND TACOMA WIN.
' PORTLAND. Or., May 18.— The season
of 1898 of the Pacific ■ Nortnwest j Baseball
League opened in this '■ city to-day with a
game : between the ; Portland ! and • Spokane
teams Portland I won by j a score of 12 to
4 ' The • weather i was ;. threatening, v but
about 500 people turned out to witness the
game Darby, the Spokane pitcher; was
all but knocked out of the ■ box, ; fifteen
hits being made, off him, while the visit
ors' were able to hit Fleming safely only
live times. : Score: -
Portland ■••• 12 16 3
Spokane '....'.■•• —•' VV;"J."'''U 5 6
■ Batteries— Fleming - and Gadke, Darby and
Kelty. s Umpire— Mclnerney.'> '
l~ SEATTLE. ' May 18.— ' baseball' sea
son was formally. ' opened here to-day.
Score: ffT*TWinfMMßHWi?li^ i ir^ < T' 1 VX 'I
<■>{:;■• - ■ .[ ■ -i ■ - R. H. E.
Seattle ;.V... .;.... ...•'..'.......•..■......•"■. 6 6 .11
Tacoma -\ . :. . . . . .".". .'. . ;. .: . .;.':. • . .'. . . . . 14 . ; 13 '• >:,■ 6
Batteries— Adams and Hartman, Andrews
juad Hikes. UmDlre— O'Toolfc !ss%■s<
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Oordon Bennett.
RELATIONS
WITH FRANCE
Not as Cordial as the
Diplomats Desire.
RECIPROCITY IS SUSPENDED.
I NEGOTIATIONS HAVE BEEN
BROKEN Oj:T .
It Is Evident That the Paris Govern
ment Is Influenced by Its
Sympathy for
Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
While the relations between the United
States and Great Britain are being
more closely knit together those with
France are not as cordial as the au
thorities would tike. It developed to
day that there has been a practical
suspension of the reciprocity negotia
tions between the Washington and
Paris Governments, due to the action
of the Fren h authorities In increasing
the tariff duty on several American
products imported largely into France.
This increase is particularly felt by
meat shippers, who are indignant, and
protests have been made to the State
Department which have caused the de
partment to submit a formal protest
on the subject to France. In the mean
time reciprocity negotiations are lan
guishing, and it is doubtful if they will
be resumed until France has made a
satisfactory explanation of her action,
or at least has reduced the tariff to
the point it was before the existing
law went into effect.
"France increased her tariff after the
Dingley law went into effect," said an
official with whom I talked, "the object
being to take on the increase in ex
change for concessions to be given by
this Government in accordance with
the provisions of the Dingley law. To
say the least it was a rather sharp
trick. This Government was informed I
at the time the French executive re- !
commended its legislature to enact a
law providing for the imposition of in
creased duties on American products,
and the matter at the time was brought
to the attention of the Paris authori
ties, but the law was placed on the
French statute books and is now being
enforced."
It is the firm belief of the adminis
tration officials that the French atti
tude on the tariff and other questions
between the two governments is dic
tated by her sympathy for Spain, and
there is no question that the Spanish
Government is receiving her moral sup
port. If the Spanish fleet could suc
ceed in raising any part of the Ameri
can blockade of Tuba the officials have
no doubt that France would be one of
the first nations to raise innumerable
questions growing out of the alleged in
effectiveness of the blockade.
As an offset to France's attitude, that
assumed by Great Rritain is most re
freshing to the officials, and no surprise
need be expressed if the most trouble
some questions between the two gov
ernments are promtply and effectually
settled.
It is known that reciprocity nego
tiations between the I" Hod States and
Great Britain for B< uda, Bahama
and West Indian Islai a belonging to
Great Britain are progressing most sat
isfactory, and there is some reason to
believe that Canada will soon enter
into reciprocity negotiations with this
country.
Special Embassador Foster is also
busy with the Bering Sea controversy
and it is quite possible that a solution
of this question may be expected with
in the near future. one of the most
pointed fenturos of the good relations
existing between the United States and
Great Britain is the fact that Sir Ju
lian Pauncefote is a daily visitor to the
State Department and that his rela
tions with the officials of the depart
ment are of a most cordial character.
It is denied in official circles that
anything is being done looking to the
formation of an alliance between the
two countries, and it is stated that thf>
arbitration treaty is still on the shelf.
BELIEVES SHE INHERITS
• A MILLION DOLLARS
Soledad Has a Claimant to a Share of
the Famous Baker
Estate.
SOLEDAD. May IS.— Mrs. William Ber
ry, the wife of a farmer living fifteen
miles south of this place, is believed to
have fallen heir to $1,000,000. A grand
uncle named Baker leased his farm to a
syndicate for a period ' of ninety-nine
years, in which time a part of the city of
Philadelphia has been built upon it. The
lease will soon expire, and as the estate
is valued at something like $300,000,000,
Mrs. Berry expects to receive as her
share of the estate something like
$1,000,000.
Walnut Growers Organize.
LOS ANGELES. May 18.— Walnut grow
ers of Southern California to the number
of sixty met in this city to-day to effect
an organization, the objects of which are
to secure better transportation facilities
and better prices for their product. E. S.
Smith of Santa Barbara was made presi
dent and C. E. Hoi ton of Fullerton secre
tary, and an executive .committee was ap
pointed. _
Only $1 for the round trip to Santa Rosa,
May 20, for the Rose Carnival, via San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway.
Leave Tlburon ferry at 7:30 and 9 a. m. ♦
URGES TAX ON
CORPORATIONS
Turpie Thinks It Better
Than Bonds.
WOULD ISSUE GREENBACKS
APPROVES OF ASSESSING IN
HERITANCES.
Considerable Progress Made by the
Senate in Considering and
Amending the War Reve
nue Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 18.
The feature of to-day's session of the
Senate was the speech of Turpie (D.)
of Indiana upon the war revenue
measure. He strongly contended that
a bond issue was unnecessary; that
all the funds required for the prosecu
tion of the war could be raised through
: the proposed inheritance tax, by the
i tax on corporations, by the coinage
I of silver seigniorage and by the issue
of legal tender notes. These four
means of obtaining money would yield
to the Government during the next
j year, he maintained, fully $300,000,000,
i an amount in excess of the estimated
sum necessary for the conduct of the
war.
After an extended debate, part of
which occurred in secret executive
session, the conference report on the
bill suspending certain parts of the
I existing law relating to the purchase
lof supplies by the War Department
was adopted.
The bill permitting officers of the
regular army to accept staff appoint
ments in the volunteer army without
losing their rank or place in the regu
lar service was passsed.
When the Senate resumed consideration
of the war revenue measure Turpie (D.)
of Indiana said that the differences were
differences only in method. There was
no difference as to the purpose of sup
plying all the means and men to the
i Government to carry on the war. Tur
! pie said that the pending bill carried a
i provision for a basketful of certificates
of indebtedness in order to meet the de
ficiencies caused by the Dingley law. The
Democrats had been sharply criticized
because of the monthly deficit of the so-
I called Wilson law, but the Dingley law
was showing: similar deficits without
criticism. !\ow, Turpie said, it was pro
posed, in the pending war measure, to
take care of all the Dingley law deficits
with the certificates of indebtedness.
The question presented to Congress was
how the necessary money should be
raised. The committee was agreed that
$150,000,000 should be raised by taxation
and the remaining sum, from $120,000,000
to $150,000,000. by other means. Turpie
thought the tax on succession was one
of the best features of the bill. He said
it was a tax on accumulation, while the
tax on beer and tobacco was a tax on
consumption. Turpie strongly urged the
proposed tax on corporations. He esti
mated this tax would yield $100,000,000 and
that the inheritance provision would pro
duce $50,000,000 more. This would supply
the amount necessary to be raised. The
remaining $150,000,000 necessary could be
raised by the coinage of the silver seig- |
niorage and the issue of legal tender
notes. The majority of the Finance Com
mittee, he said, had deemed it wise to
propose the coinage of the seigniorage
in deference to the wishes of the 15,000,
000 who in the last national campaign had
made evident their desire for such coin
age.
The section of the bill providing for the
issue of greenbacks was proposed by the
majority of the committee as a substi
tute for the bond section of the bill as it
camp from the House. For the present
Turpie said the Democratic policy of the
free and unlimited coinage of silver had
been relegated to the hustings and to the
arbitrament of the ballot. He argued at
length in favor- of the issue of greenbacks
and legal Under notes, declaring that the
policy of their Issue was almost an ideal
one for the raising of money for such an
emergency as now confronted this Gov
ernment.
"It is." said he, "the most patriotic and
least expensive scheme of securing money
in a time like this known to man "
Gorman suggested that the penalty for
faHure to affix the stamp to any driip or
medicine, perfumery, etc., was too severe
The bill, as it passed the House, provided
a penalty of $]00, but the Senate commit
tee had changed this so as to make the
offense a misdemeanor punishable by a
fine of not more than $300 or imprison
ment for not exceeding six months
The provision was amended by striking
out the maximum fine, leaving it to the
discretion of the courts to make it less
than $100.
Gorman moved then to strike out the
clause providing for imprisonment.
Gray, Mills and Cullom also supported
the motion and Aldrich. Jones W Ar
kansas. Chilton, White and Cockrell op
posed it. The amendment was rejected—
26 to 27.
Gorman asked the Senate to return to
section five of the bill, providing that any
person willfully evading the requirement
to place revenue stamps upon any legal
document or taxed paper of any kind
should be fined not more than $500 or im
prisoned not more than six months, or
both. He moved that the fine be fixed at
$100 Instead of $500. me motion was
agreed to— SO to 16.
Gorman then moved to strike out the
imprisonment clause. This was agreed to
without division.
On Gorman's motion the imprisonment
clauses were stricken out of sections 8
and !t. providing for the use of revenue
stamps. The Senate refused to strike out
the imprisonment feature of section 11,
which provides for the affixing of stamps
to stock transferred.
In section 15 of the bill the stamp taxes
provided for were made effective "on the
first day of June." This was amended so
as to read "on the fifteenth day of June."
The bill was then laid aside for the day
and at 5 o'clock the Senate went into ex
ecutive session and at 5:15 p. m. ad
journed. _____^____^_
Read Senator William E. Chandler's
prophecy, "Looking Beyond the War,"
in next Sunday's Call-
BOYCOTT
FELT IN
FRANCE
That Open Sympathy for
Spain Promises to Be
Costly.
Public Expressions on the
Speech of Chamberlain Ad
vocating Anglo=Saxon
Alliance.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 18.— Mr. Chamberlain's
sensational speech is undeniably re
sponsible for the decided feeling of
nervousness here. The French press
begins to see it has adopted a mistaken
policy in declaring pronouncedly for
Spain as opposed to the United States.
The Debate, in a leader published on
Monday, tries to smooth away matters.
It admits that the English have profit
ed by France's action in this matter,
and it says: "The moment is passed to
sit in Judgment on the war. France
has never been really hostile to Ameri
cans. This will be well understood
across the Atlantic, where the present
misunderstanding has been dissipated.
Friends of Spain have something bet
ter to do than to declaim against her
utterances."
The general tone of the article is one
of fear that things have gone too far.
Businesses which depend largely for
their success upon the patronage of
Americans have already felt the effects
of the quasi campaign against the
United States In favor of Spain. The
proprietor of one of the principal ho
tels here Inveighed bitterly against the
attitude taken by the French press.
The number of Americans staying in
the hotel is sensibly less than at the
same time last year.
At Voisons, where at this season
there were usually big crowds of Amer
icans and Spaniards, there were the
other night only two diners in the
rooms. Couturieres, jewelers, millin
ers and other businesses are seeing
their season virtually ruined by the
diminished number of American
clients.
The Figaro yesterday morning tried
to turn the affair off with a laugh in an
article which says: "It Is finished.
France is -oing to be boycotted by
American millionaires and by pretty
Americans who will no longer get their
dresses from Paris."
Then in a bantering way, the writer
asks where they will get them. Cer
tainly not in London, where tailor
made costumes and bicycle skirts can
be made admirably, but a full dress
— never. Certainly not in America, and
certainly they will never consent to be
badly dressed.
"As to millionaires they will surely
come to Paris," continues the article,
"in search of more agreeable, more in
tellectual and more artistic life than is
led in America."
People are talking of a possible
Franco-English conflict. With this
fear before them, and with the prac
tical results of loss of American cus
tom staring them in the face, people
here are very gloomy in their prognos
tications, in spite of their disclaimers.
It is evident that the French look upon
the reapproachment of the English and
Americans with disquietude. It is such
a natural alliance that they realize that
it will some day be made, and they be
gin to fear they have hastened that day
by their display of hostility to the
United States over the war with Sapin.
LONDON, May 18.— Rear Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford, Conservative
member of Parliament for the City of
York, addressing the Junior Constitu
tional Club this evening, expressed his
strong approval of the Birmingham
speech of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, on the
Anglo-Saxon alliance, but described it
as "'the right thing said in the wrong
way."
Lord Beresford said, as he read it.
Mr. Chamberlain's speech asked for an
alliance, and it would appear that the
alliance was one with Germany, but he
added: "If people speak in enigmas
and fail to bring a thing out straight,
they often defeat the object they have
in view."
Mr. Chamberlain meant to ask. Lord
Beresford understood, for an Anglo-
German alliance. Germany herself be
ing in danger of isolation owing to the
difficulties in Austria and Italy; the
German alliance, which would "tend to
peace and to the advancement of
trade."
As for an Anglo-American alliance,
his Lordship continued "I sympathize
with that idea also, but it seems to me
premature." • >
The Americans, he declared, were
shrewd and it was not advisable that
it should appear as if Englaiffl were in
a position of difficulty and was suggest
ing an alliance for her own benefit. He
hoped, however, that such an alliance
would come.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph says: The flutter caused by
reports of French sympathy with Spain
has led the ladies of the American col
ony to boycott the local shops.
FRIEDRICHSRUHE, May 18.— The
cool and rainy weather has increased
Prince Bismarck's neuralgia and ag
gravated the swelling of his legs, and
he has been unable to leave his bed for
several days. Dr. Schweninger is again
here, and is disquieted about his pa
tient.
The Prince, therefore, is unable to
receive visitors, but a correspondent
from members of the family has been
able to obtain views of the former
Chancellor on the war and suggested
Anglo-Saxon alliance, as expressed by
the Prince during his most recent talk
at the table. In substance they are as
follows: Prince Bismarck condemns
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
the war outright. He says It Is dtw to*
systematic American provocation,
which finally became unbearable. He
added:
"The whole course of the Washing
ton administration has been insincere.
My views of war are well understood.
I have always held that it is only de
fensible after all other remedies hava
failed.
"The result of the war cannot b»
wholesome either to America or Eu
rope. The United States will be forced
to adopt an intermeddling policy, lead
ing to unavoidable friction. She thus
abandoned her traditional peace policy,
and in order to maintain her position,
she must become a military and a na
val power — an expensive luxury which
her geographic position rendered un
necessary.
"America's change of front means
retrogression in the high sense of civ
ilization. This is the main regrettabla
fact about the war."
Regarding the speech made on Fri
day last by Joseph Chamberlain at Bir
mingham, Prince Bismarck said:
"The importance thereof depends
upon whether Mr. Chamberlain's pri
vate opinions are those of the British
Government. Closer Anglo-American
relations are doubtless feasible, but an
alliance is improbable and unservice
able to both.
"Besides, it is a mistake to call the
Americans Saxons. Theirs is a mixed
blood — British, Irish, German, French
and Scandinavian. The Anglo-Saxon
does not even predominate to-day.
This dwelling on so-called race inter
ests is. nonsense in politics. Look at
the Russo-French agreement and the
Dreibund. Politics are not dictated by
such far-fetched sentimentalities. Ger
many's duty, plainly, is to maintain
her interests by carefully nursing the
good neighborship of the European na
tions."
YOKOHAMA. May 19.— The press of
this city, discussing the recent speech
of Mr. Chamberlain at Birmingham,
advocating an Anglo-Saxon alliance,
expresses the opinion that the time is
ripe for the formation of an Anglo-
Japanese alliance.
SHANGHAI. May 19.— The news
papers here and public opinion in gen
eral strongly favor an Anglo-American
alliance, as proposed in the speech
which Mr. Chamberlain recently made
at Birmingham, England.
Money Sent From Argentina.
BUENOS AYRES, May 18.— It is
announced here that the Spaniards of
Argentina have telegraphed another
million francs to Madrid as a war sub
scription, and that the collection of
money for the same purpose will be
continued.
The Cadiz Fleet.
NEW YORK, May 18.— A London
special says that information has been
received that the fleet now at Cadiz
has been ordered to go direct to the
coast of Newfoundland, where coal
laden ships await it.
VITALITY is what all the
world seeks, for it is life
itself. When your vitality
is gone you die. You were
born with a certain amount
of it, and when that is ex-
hausted there is nothing for
you to do but to accept the
fate that will come to all in time— we must
die some day.
IT IS, however, possible to
increase your vital force,
and to increase it in a way
that will not only add years
to your life, but will make
your life again worth living 1
if you are run down, or if
your system is depleted in
any way. The evidence of this possibility
is given below.
THE first thing to be con-
sidered, though, is: Are you
losing power? Do your knees
shako ? Are you afraid of
everything that faces you?
Do you have clammy sweats?
Do "you get all down and
discouraged? Do you feel
that your back is so weak that you can do
no work? Do you feel "blue"?
ALL of these symptoms in-
dicate whnt is known to the
medical world as "loss of
vital fore.'." ;md its conse-
quences are the most seri-
ous that wo know of. Par-
tial and sometimes total
paralysis of the nervous
organs ensue from a neglect of immediate
and proper treatment for this disease.
LET your mind for a mo-
ment dwell on those symp-
toms and see as to whether
you have any one of them
or not. If you have you
can rest assured that you
are trifling with a trouble
which is to be feared
as no other trouble on earth is to be. But
if you seek relief it is at hand for you.
The Hudson Medical Institute was
founded for the express purpose of find-
ing some specific for the cure of all cases
of this sort, no matter from what cause
arising. Debilitation of this sort is
caused by a variety of things — over-
work, mental worry, and abuse of your
health generally. "Hudyan" was at last
discovered by the doctors of this grand
institution, and to-day it stands with no
equal in the world as a certain cure for
nervous debility in all its forms — sperma-
torrhoea and all kindred ills Included.
It has cured ten thousand people on this
slope. Ten thousand people gladly tes-
tify to that fact. Ten thousand testimo-
nials and more too are at the disposal of
all those who choose to call at the Hud-
son Medical Institute, at the corner of
Stockton. Market and Ellis streets. San
Frimcisco, and those who cannot call are
invited to write. As freely as possible is
medical advice given, and sample testi-
monials as to the value of "Hudyan" and
full explanatory circulars are mailed
without one cent's worth of charge to
you. Your very life may be at stake.
Write and ask for help. It is vital.
DUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
6an Francisco.
34
SPAIN'S NEW
CABINET HAS
BEEN FORMED
Senor Leon y Castillo the
Minister of Foreign
Affairs
War Portfolio Falls to General Cor
reo and That of the Marine to
Senor Aunon.
MADRID, May IS.— The new Spanish
Cabinet has bean formed ;is follows:
President of the Council of Minis
ters — Senor Praxides Sagasta.
Minister of Foreign Affairs — Senor
Leon y Castillo.
Minister of War — Lieutenant-Gen
eral Correa.
Minister of Marine — Senor Aunon.
Minister of the Colonies — Senor
Eomero Giron.
Minister of Finance — Senor Lopez
Puigcerver.
WAR FEVER ABATING
THROUGHOUT SPAIN
Masses Begin to Realize That Certain
Defeat Awaits Their Army
and Fleets.
Copyrighted, 189$, by James Gordon Bonnett.
VALENCIA, May 18.— The war fever
is decidedly abating in Spain, and long
winded debates in the Cortes, reveal
ing the helplessness of the country,
have contributed thereto almost as
much as the defeat at Cavite.
A distinctive feature of the present
crisis is that there is not a single pub
lic man who inspires the smallest con
CLAIMS BRING
BIG FIGURES
Mining Boom on Little
Munook Creek.
FORTY LOCATIONS WORKED
FORTUNES TAKLN OUT BY
THEIR OWNERS.
With the Opening of the Streams Will
Come a Stampede of Gold
Seekers to This Dis
trict.
SEATTLE, May 18.— General E. M.
Carr and Frank Hawley reached
Seattle to-day after a somewhat peril
ous trip Ot 110 days out from Rampart
City, Alaska. Mr. Hawley has been
In the north several years and speaks
confidently of the bright prospects of
Little Munook Creek. He reports that
great excitement exists there and
claims are already bringing enormous
figures.
Mr. Hawley . says Johnson & Lang
ford refused $50,000 for claim No. 6, and
In the spring clean up they will take
out $100,000. John Sally, who staked
No. 8, so-ld this claim for $11,000 to ex-
Governor McGraw and General Carr of
Seattle. William McLean and Ira
Hinckley located No. 9, and McLean
Bold his interest for $10,000 to Al Mayo,
Philip Kafenberger. Archie Mitchell
and Frank Hawley.
There are forty-one claims on Little
Munook Creek, and, excepting No. 2,
all are being worked, the amounts
taken out averaging about $1 a pan.
The pay streak is wide and deep, many
claims measuring seventeen feet
across.
Among the other creeks that are be
ing worked in the Munook district are
the Hunter, Chapman, Hoosier, Gold
Pan, Chicago, Alder, Russian and
Marshall. Hunter Is among the most
promising. It is believed that with the
great influx of people on the first river
boats there will be considerable of a
stampede for Munook and adjoining
streams.
PLACER GOLD FOUND
NORTH OF JUNEAU
PARTY OF CALIFORNIANS IN
POSSESSION.
Will Purchase the Necessary Machin
ery and Commence Hydraulick
ing Operations on a Very
Large Scale.
JUNEAU, Alaska, May 14, by steam
ship Queen to Seattle, May 18.—Califor
nia gold seekers have arrived here, re
porting a very rich find of placer gold
in ruby sand near the beach between
Lltuya Bay and Yakutat, north of this
place. They have located about 2000
acres of the ground. They are O. H.
Savage, Mrs. Savage, who is credited
with being the mascot of the party;
C. L. Blakemore, a mining expert; W.
VI. Gardner, Louis Meyers of Chicago
mid Skaguay, and Mr. Wright. With
the exception noted all are Californians.
They arrived in Juneau last Janu
ary, bought a little steamboat named
the Dora B, and have been hard at
rk making their locations and pros
]x eting the country ever since. Hard
ship was far from being a stranger to
them, though they had plenty to eat
and wear.
Mr. Blakemore is from San Francisco.
He says their locations are the richest
and most extensive he has ever heard
of either in California or Alaska. The
party will go south from here on the
Queen. It will proceed at once to San
Francißco to report to friends interested
with, it, and to buy machinery for hy
drauliyking on a large scale.
Thp ice haa all pone out of the Lewis
1 Minister of the Interior — Senor F.
R. Capedepon.
Minister of Justice — Senor C.Greiz
ard.
Minister of Public Instruction —
Senor Gamazo.
The Premier will act as Foreign Min
ister pending the arrival here of Senor
Castillo.
Senor Sagasta has telgraphed Senor
Leon y Castillo, now at Paris, to come
to Madrid immediately to take up the
Foreign Office portfolio.
fidence, and the proposed tinkering in
the Ministry is simply viewed by the
masses with dispairing indifference.
This circumstance, and the opinion
daily growing among thinking men
that Spain is drifting toward defeat,
may at any moment determine the for
mation of a peace party. But it is still
premature to speak of peace. The sub
ject can only be whispered here. The
memory of Cavite, calling for venge
ance, is too fresh for peace yet.
Peace, if Spain is to initiate pro
posals for it, can be had only after
more fighting. The Atlantic fleet must
either be knocked to pieces or gain a
partial victory as a set-off against
Cavite before the idea of peace with
honor can really take root in this land
of Don Quixote.
River and it is now beginning to move
out of the lakes. Six thousand Klon
dikers are camped around Lakes Lin
derman, Bennett and Tagish, building
boats and waiting for the ice to move,
after which, when once in their boats,
they will be in Dawson within two
weeks.
The scenes that were characteristic
of Sheep Camp, the scales, Dyea and
Skaguay, are now transferred to the
lakes. The whisky seller, the gambler,
the sure-thing man and other evils of
frontier communities are following the
gold hunters. A noticeable difference
from last season is the unusually large
number of women on the trail.
HAL, HOFFMAN.
PRAISES THIS
LAND OF LIBERTY
WASHINGTON, May 18.— Senhor Salva
dor de Mendonca, who has represented
Brazil at Washington in the capacity of
Minister since 1891, to-day presented his
letters of recall, preparatory to being
transferred to Lisbon, Portugal. The
ceremony, which is in many cases little
more than an idle form, was in this case
remarkable from the magnificent tribute
paid to our great republic by Senhor
Mendonca, who had occupied the position
of Consul-General for Brazil at New
York for many years preceding his acces
slon to the Ministry, and has had more
abundant opportunity for just criticism
than falls to the lot of most diplomatic
representatives. The Minister said dur
ing his Bpeech:
Opening your country since the colonial
times as a land of refuge, and establishing
your commonwealth on the solid foundation of
the freedom of conscience; giving to the world
the principles of the Declaration of Independ
ence; afllrniing by the consolidation of the
union and by the abolition of slavery that this
continent was thenceforth consecrated to lib
erty, your people haa come to the front rank
aa a powerful factor of modern civilization.
Fearless before the strong, magnanimous to
ward the feeble, deeply convinced that justice
and right are the corner-stones of the state
and fairness the measure of international deal-
Ings; Industrious, intelligent, law-abiding and
peace-loving, your nation can well be proud
of its achievements, and no one has had a bet
ter opportunity than I to Batlsfy myself, by
a careful observation of men and laws, of your
steady advancement and progress. I have seen
your country in its days of Joy and of sor
row. I saw, at the celebration of the centen
ary of your independence, the past master in
the art of war open the great fair of the arts
of peace and reveal to the world the double
greatness of the nation, which in ten years
had transformed swords and guns Into imple
ments of industry- I saw the great hero laid
to rest in the heart of your great metropolis
amid the mourning of the whole land, and wit
nessed his apotheosis celebrated by the voice
of the entire union. I saw the chief magistrate
of the nation fallen by an assassin's hands,
and observed the republic continue firm and
serene under the empire of the law. In its
Joy or sorrow the nation did not depart a mo
ment from the confidence in its high destiny.
1 have visited the different regions uf your
broad land; I know the active men of the
East, the open-hearted inhabitants of the West
and the chivalrous Southerner; it has been
my fortune to meet the statesman, the scien
tist, the artist, the manufacturer, the farmer
and the workman. Wherever the duty to my
beloved country will call me I can assure you
that my heart and sympathy will be -with your
noble people and with the standard-bearers of
the republican America, which is advancing
the outposts of human freedom into the last
lntrenchments of the past.
President McKinley, replying, paid a
high tribute to the personal worth and
sterling qualities of the retiring Minister,
and expressed deep regret at his transfer
to another post, though at the same time
he congratulated Senhor Mendonca .hat
the Brazilian Government had assigned
him to another important mission, as a
further proof of confidence in his ability
and zeal.
FEARFUL TRAGEDY
ON A PLANTATION
HORN LAKE. Miss., May 18.— A horri
ble tragedy occurred at the Foster plan
tation, four miles southeast of this town,
at 10 o'clock this morning, resulting In
the death of four men.
Four Deputy Sheriffs — R. B. Campbell,
R. H. Campbell, W: C. Cooper and C. I.
Jones— visited the Foster place to arrest
Nimrod Littlefleld and William Littlefleld,
his son, both negroes, charged with a
murder committed in Bolivar County sev
eral years ago. The negroes resisted the
officers, whereupon Deputy R. E. Camp
bell fired, killing Nimrod Littlefield. The
younger negro seized a Winchester rifle,
and it was used with fearful effect. His
first shot killed Deputy Cooper. The in
furiated negro then turned on 11. R.
Campbell, shooting him in the head,
death resulting instantly while a third
shot brought Deputy Jones to the
ground, a corpse. Deputy R. B. Campbell
beat a hasty retreat for assistance, and
upon returning to the scene of the trag
edy a posse found the bodies of the dead
men horribly mutilated, their heads hav
ing been beaten into a jelly. Bloodhounds
were secured and immediately put on Llt
tlefleld's track, and if he is caught a
lynching will occur.
William Dean Howells advises you
how to succeed as an author in next
Sunday's Call. Read his story.
Advances made on furniture --d pianos, with
or wttbout removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 19, 1898.
GLADSTONE
WITH THE
MAJORITY
Continued From First Page.
to have arisen until this century- There
were men who ruled before Gladstone's
time. Walpole and Chatham kept com
mand of Parliament and directed the
affairs of the British empire with the
firm grasp of power. Smaller men
than they have also had this ruling
quality. But statesmanship now re
quires, in addition to administrative,
the legislative gift, the capacity to
shape measures which the expanding
requirements of the country dictate as
necessary. Supplementary to this the
gift of luminous exposition is almost
essential, not necessarily eloquence, but
convincing explanatory lucidity on con
crete propositions, in which the graces
of rhetoric are less evidences of wis
dom than of culture. To lead the House
of Commons to-day, to be a leader in
English politics, a man should have
the quality of originating measures,
shaping a policy and inspiring confi
dence among the masses and those
who represent them. It is a states
manship altogether different in many
respects from that which yet prevails
in the rest of Europe, where the head
of a Cabinet is still very much the
mouthpiece of the monarch, and is held
continually under restraint if he haa
broad aims of his own. An English
Ministry cannot hold office without the
confidence of the House of Commons.
In the capacity to lead the House of
Commons on every conceivable subject
of statesmanship Mr. Gladstone has
never been excelled. No one has trans
cended him in inspiring enthusiasm,
either in the House of Commons or in
the country. His is not the fame of
the dextrous juggler of policies who
confutes and triumphs by mere clever
ness, which is afterward laughed at
as shallow and tricky. Disraeli was of
this type. So different was Gladstone
that he almost gave rise to the belief
that in everything he did he had con
viction to solemnify his proposals,
whereas in reality much of his action
could only have been expediency, ac
cording to his opportunity, and not
strictly an expression of his full pur
pose or conception of what was de
sirable. He was wisely content to at
tempt the achievement of the possible,
to gain a bit at a time, and to wait for
more. No one has had a better gauge
of the pulse of the nation and the
House of Commons, or knew with truer
instinct when to act and when to wait.
The country as a whole regarded him as
a high-minded man of pure motives and
pure in all aspects of personal life.
Even in the heat of party strife the
most virulent aspersions cast on his
policy cannot be said to have assailed
his personal character. The most ran
corous of opponents during the frenzy
of the home rule struggle would admit
that in ability he had no match in Par
liament, and would take pride in him as
head and shoulders the most brilliant
man in the House of Commons. Com
pliments of the most eulogistic as well
as sincere character were in 1893 passed
upon the venerable Liberal leader, four
times Prime Minister of England, by
his often venomous opponents Mr. Bal
four and Mr. Chamberlain. A states
man of the scoffing, flippant, laissez
faire school, such as Palmerston, as
sertive and meddling in foreign but
dormant in domestic policy, is no longer
possible as a successful leader in Eng
land. A Prime Minister must work if
he is to command respect. Mr. Glad
stone toiled as never statesman before
has done, and probably the majority of
his countrymen adored him because his
oratory was not fine words alone, but
a guide to deeds.
A more healthy physique than Mr.
Gladstone's was perhaps never seen in
man. He can scarcely be said to have
had ailments in youth, middle age or
senility. Senility hardly applies to his
old age. He was youthful in feeling and
even In physical activity cimost to the
last. Sir Andrew Clark, his physician
for twenty years, declared that there
was no reason he should not see five
score. Up to within a year
his body was sound from head
to foot: his eyesight only dimmed and
his hearing impaired. He could walk
with as vigorous a stride as a young
man, erect in gait, the head carried
well and the arms swinging. His eyes,
always deep and expressive, retained
much of their fire, and although the
lines of his face fell into furrows and
pallor took the place of the former
ruddy glow, there never was any in
dication of dotard feebleness. He con
tinued to fell trees at Hawarden when
past 80. and walking was delightful to
him both as exercise and as a whet
stone to his thinking. As a young man
he must, have been strikingly hand
some. As an old man his figure and
mien distinguished him notably from
all others. It was Impossible to think
this man commonplace, wherever he
was. During at least thirty years he
was the dominating personality of the
House of Commons, the foremost
statesman of his day, compared with
whom all others were as pigmies, at
the most only eminent in departments
or specialties and not invested with his
many-sided characteristics and endow
ments.
Mr. Gladstone** career was remark
ably progressive. Just as soon as he
left Oxford in 1831, taking a double
first degree, he entered Parliament, be
ing returned for Newark in 1832, one of
those pocket family burroughs in the
practical possession of the Duke of
Newcastle. He was a Tory, but mod
erate in his party feeling a and prone
to serious views of utility in adminis
tration and legislation. With such a
temperament, education in poli
tics toward the popular side
was a process inevitable, but It
took time to step across the di
viding border line. As a devout church
man, he had very strong views on the
relationship of church and state, and
gave them literary form in a well
known work, torn to tatters as unten
able by Lord Macaulay. The progress
he made in thought on this subject is
shown in his legislative achievement
whereby the Irish church was dises
tablished, with the inevitable corollary
that all other forms of state church
establishments are doomed as soon as
the facts and the argument are strong
enough to convince the electorate. The
logic of maintaining religions endowed
out of taxes or grants by the state has
vanished.
Sir Robert Peel, of whom Mr. Glad
stone to the end of his life was a warm
admirer, exercised a great influence
over the young entrant into public life.
In 1835, three years after winning his
seat, he was a Lord of the Treasury
and then Under Secretary for the Colo
nies. In 1841 he was vice-president of
the Board of Trade and in 1843 full
president. This was rapid promotion
for a young man of 34. But he had
shown conspicuous ability in solving
those very problems of statesmanship
which were then plunging England into
throes of agitation almost as violent as
if she were in a revolution. It was Mr.
Gladstone who performed much of the
work which resulted in the repeal of
the detestable and cruel corn laws, and
in establishing free trade, the policy
which of all others has advanced Eng
land commercially in this century. The
talents of Mr. Gladstone shone con
spicuously in this legislation. He had a
mastery of commercial knowledge that
the patrician statesmanship which had
been in vogue for centuries, and which
concerned itself with the grand aims of
alliances abroad and the affairs of
courts, could not pretend to possess, and
this was combined with a ripe scholar
ship and remarkable readiness in de
bate.
Hla Independence aq...gi Peellte and
GLADSTONE'S HOME, IN WHICH HE DIED.
free-trader cost him his seat at
Newark. His patron, the Duke of New
castle, would have no more of Toryism
of his shade. Think of such a nobody
being a patron, a mere territorial auto
crat! Mr. Gladstone went to Oxford.
His university returned him proudly as
a scholar fit to represent it, and for
eighteen years he held the seat with
confidence.
Here again the progress of his po
litical education severed the relation
ship with his constituency. His dawn
ing liberal views on church matters
were taking shape in political purpose,
and as the university constituency is
largely composed of graduates who
have entered holy orders, he had ar
rayed against him a very large pro
portion of the ecclesiastical voters, and
they overthrew him at the general elec
tion of 1865, which followed the death
of Lord Palmerston. What was Ox
ford's loss was South Lancashire's
gain. During these years his work
made a stir in Europe as well as at
home. He made known by a visit to
Naples in 1850 the infamies and bar
barities of government in the kingdom
of the Two Sicilies, and Europe rang
with the exposure. He also took the
strong ground of advocating Italian
independence, and tamed the undying
gratitude of the Italian people by his
attitude. He next went on a mission
to the lonian Islands, then in the pos
session of England, and the information
he obtained led to the cession of the
group to Greece in 1864. Two great
legislative proposals were carried. One
was the commercial treaty with
France, negotiated by Cobden, which
formed a most valuable bond of sym
pathy and trade during twenty years,
and the other was the repeal of the
duty on paper, which had operated as
a heavy tax on knowledge. It was the
removal of this impost which instantly
called into existence a number of daily
newspapers at the then unprecedented
price of 1 penny.
No man in English history has ever
held the position of Chancellor of the
Exchequer with the signal ability which
Mr. Gladstone displayed. It is the sec
ond position in the Cabinet, and ordi
narily carries with it the leadership of
the House of Commons when the
Prime Minister is a peer and is com
pelled to sit with his class in the House
of Lords. From 1852 onward, whenever
he was in office, Mr. Gladstone was
either Chancellor of the Exchequer or
Prime Minister. He was first Chancel
lor under Lord Aberdeen in 1852, a year
which marks the turning paint in hia
career. The Earl of Derby offered him
office in his short-lived Ministry, but
Mr. Gladstone declined, and his after
ward wily opponent, Bt-njamin Dis
raeli, was installed at the Exchequer.
Disraeli began as a Radical and ended
as a Tory. Gladstone began ac a Tory
and ended as a Liberal of a very broad
though not radical type. It Is curious
to note that Disraeli also preceded him
in 1868 in the honors of the Premier
ship, taking office in February and go
ing out in December, when Gladstone
succeeded. , •
The way was not clear for Mr. Glad
stone as Premier until Lord Palmer
ston and Earl Russell had passed
away. Other men have been at the head
of Cabinets longer, but none have been
called upon so often to form Ministries.
Thus William Pitt, from 1783 to 1801,
had a tenure of seventeen years and
eighty-four days, and was again
Prime Minister from 1804 to 1806. Lord
Liverpool also held office from 1812 to
1827, nearly fifteen years* Mr. Glad
stone's first Ministry lasted five years
and seventy-four days, hio second five
years and fifty-seven days, from 1880
to- ISBS, and his third, in 1886, hod the
brief life of 178 days. Then in 1892 he
formed his fourth Ministry, and in
1893, In his eighty-fourth year, work
ing almost harder than ever he had
done in his life, carried home rule for
Ireland through the House of Com
mons, but suffered defeat in the Lords.
Quite a number of statesmen within
this century have been Prime Minis
ter twice, and Lord Derby was the
head of three administrations, but only
Mr. Gladstone formed four Ministries.
During the greater part of his official
life, therefore, Mr. Gladstone was
chosen for the highest offices, but he
did not lead the House of Commons
until 1866, after the death of Ix>rd
Palmerston. His good qualities as
Chancellor of the Exchequer were con
spicuous in his thorough grasp of the
nation's finance and his thorough
knowledge of all affairs of commerce
and trade. Had he thrown the same
ardor into the transactions of private
business that he bestowed upon the af
fairs of the nation he would have suc
ceeded as a merchant, manufacturer
or banker in probably amassing mil
lions. But he had a moderate private
income and he was contented with that
and his official income, which had the
maximum of £7500 a year when he was
both Prime Minister and Chancellor of
the Exchequer.
A budget night was positively inter
esting, when Mr. Gladstone unfolded
the nation's financial position and sub
mitted proposals for fresh taxation or
the remission thereof. He alone could
make figures eloquent and luminous,
could evolve perspicuity out of debt
and interest, and weave a romance out
of trade and its fluctuations. The
House of Commons listened to his sil
very voice and followed his enuncia
tion of policy on finance with an al
most unquestioning willingness of as
sent, though the opposition was bound
to make good its constitutional status
by criticism and occasionally by hostile
votes when details were considered.
Ordinarily, a budget speech is a pos
itive torture of complexity, and dry as
dust and Mr. Gladstone may be " al
lowed the rank of genius in elevating
financial statements into fascinating
oratory. But he did more than this.
He made finance successful. He gen
erally had a reduction of taxes, or the
easing of some burden to announce,
and the revenue was usually redundant,
leaving a good surplus to be' applied to
the reduction of the national debt. He
was also careful to avoid running up
debt afresh, his aim being to meet all
expenses, whatever they were, out « f
current revenue. This was sound
finance which kept the country out of
embarrassment. So facile was his mas
tery of resource, that his budgets were
in striking contrast to those of the
Tories, who rarely did anything to re
duce debt and frequently added to it
by wasteful muddling, with the result
that when they went out of office they
left deficits as legacies, not nest eggs,
as did the Liberals.
As Prime Minister, Mr. Gladstone's
first term of five years from 1868 was
one of remarkable energy. He swept
away the Irish church as a state es
tablishment, dealing with it generous
ly, but taking from it such endowments,
amounting to millions, as were cleanly
public property, and devoting them to
national uses. The outcry was great,
but the church itself has benefited. An
Irish land measure and a complete
change of the educational system of the
whole country were part of the legis
lative programme. The legislation, in
fact, was so startling to the country,
.jvhicb. had, &Apjv-» nothing; of earnest-.
nesg and herculean labor In domestic
reforms under other Ministries, that
discontent had gradually been foment
ing, and when Mr. Gladstone asked for
the confidence of the country in 1874 on
fresh prooosals of beneficial finance, he
found he had lost it. Mr. Disraeli took
office and was in Downing street until
the spring of 1880.
There is some reason to believe that
Mr. Gladstone at this time contemplat
ed retirement from politics. He did
remain in the House of Commons, but
not as leader of the Liberal opposition.
He abdicated his functions in favor of
Lord Hartington, and, as the phrase
went, was Achilles sulking in his tent.
It thus happened that when Lord Bea.
consfield was defeated at the election
In 1880, Lord Hartington was asked to
form a Ministry, but declined. The
victory had been won by Mr. Glad
stone in the Midlothian campaign. Suc
cessively he had been ousted from Lan
cashire and from Greenwich as constit
uencies, and he had repaired to Ed
inburgh and the county of Midlothian
for a seat, and there he delivered a
series of speeches so stirring and pow
erful that they made the whole country
ring with the enthusiasm of Liberalism,
and the Tories were routed everywhere
decisively. The majority at Mr. Glad
stone's back for his second Ministry
was beyond precedent.
This was also a hard-working Parlia
ment. Two or three Radicals for the
first time joined the Ministry, including
Sir Charles Dilke, Mr. Chamberlain and
Mr. Mandella. Almost an avalanche of
legislation was set in motion, and much
of it related to Ireland. Another Irish
land bill was carried to remedy defects
in the former one, mostly due to the
selfish landlordism of the House of
Lords. The question of home rule was
now taking shape "nder Mr. Parnell's
leadership of the then limited but de
termined Irish party, and Irish difficul
ties contributed in no small degree to
run down Mr. Gladstone's majority
and introduce dissension into the Min
istry. Mr. Bright resigned from con
scientious objections to be in any sense
responsible for the war in Egypt to
suppress Arabi's rebellion, and Mr.
Forster, who had been plotted against
basely by Mr. Chamberlain, resigned
because a halt was called to coercion in
Ireland under his Secretaryship. Lord
Frederick Cavendish succeeded Mr.
Forster, and upon going to Ireland to
begin his duties was, along with
Under Secretary Burke, murdered in
Phoenix Park by the Invincibles. This
atrocity had the effect of canceling
all Irish reform proposals at the mo
ment. At the death of his attached
friend Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Glad
stone was deeply moved. He had con
fidence in his capacity and sincerity
for his position, and had probably some
complete change of policy In view when
selecting him. His first sentence in
moving the adjournment of the House
of Commons after the event was, A
heart that was full of love for Ireland
has ceased to beat."
The Tories came to power again in
1885 under Lord Salisbury, bu\ in the
following year, under a reformed elec
torate and a complete change of con
stituencies, which now return as far as
possible single members, both in coun
ties and boroughs, Mr. Gladstone took
the Premiership for the third time and
broached his home rule proposals for
Ireland. The Irish Nationalists now
numbered over 80 out of 103 members
returned by Ireland, and the question
had assumed an entirely new phase. It
was the paramount question of vital
politics and must be faced. By means
of obstruction or filibustering Mr. Par
nell had hamstrung the House of Com
mons pretty much as he pleased from
1880 onward, and had easily evaded all
the rules of debate framed tc suppress
obstruction. Mr. Parnell was still the
master, and what might he not do with
eighty-five members behind him? The
Premier's measure split the Liberal
party up and dissolved his majority.
Defections broke out in the Cabinet
and in the rank and file. Mr. Cham
berlain was one of those who severed
allegiance, and from that day drifted j
farther and farther apart from Liber- ■
alism, and joined the Tories under ;
their disguise of Liberal Unionist. The
home rule bill was defeated by the
weak-kneed Liberals and the solid
phalanx of Tories, and then for six
years Mr. Gladstone and his party
were out of office, and Lord Salisbury
was Prime Minister. When Mr. Glad
stone again formed a Ministry in 1892
he had a substantial majority of 42,
including the Irish vote. This was proof
assuring that the education of the
constituencies on the Justice of his so
lution of the Irish question had pro
ceeded favorably. In spite of numer
ous difficulties and a malignantly bit
ter opposition which went far to strip
the House of Commons of its traditions
of being composed of gentlemen, Mr.
Gladstone carried his home rule meas
ure brilliantly. It went to the Lords,
and they killed it by a vote never be
fore heard of in the largeness of its
majority, but Mr. Gladstone declined
to recognize' a club of Tories as of any
welght against representatives re
turned by constituencies, and refused
to dissolve Parliament at their behests.
Only the desire to do justice to Ire
land kept Mr. Gladstone in power at
an advanced age. His heart was in
this work with transcendent intensity.
It was the aim of his life to heal the
wounds inflicted by England on the
sister island, and he has succeeded to
a great extent, and thereby assisted
very materially in giving stability to
the British empire. Irishmen recog
nized his sincerity of purpose, but dis
puted the completeness of his meas
ures, and it was only when home rule
took practical shape that the Na
tionalists were for the most part in ac
cord with him.
The extraordinary fascination which
Mr. Gladstone exercised over the House
of Commons can only be judged of ac
curately by those who have observed
him in his place on the right or left of
the Speaker, as the case might be, when
in or out of office. To listen to him
was to be under a spell. His voice
was silvery, but sonorous, everywhere
heard in clear tones. Always his sub
ject was well marshaled, and his sen
tences flowed in'unimpeded mellifluous
ness with nicelyadjusted inflections and
emphasis, aided by impressive but not
too demonstrative gestures, varying
from the lifting of the hand or the
pointing of a finger to an emphatic slap
of the palm on the box at the table,
but this rarely, and, as it were, in a
paroxysm of clinching earnestness.
His face in speech was a delightful
study. His fine, lustrous eyes flashed
with animation and every feature was
stamped with concentration of feeling.
On great occasions he was a grand ac
tor in exposition, debate, retort and
generalship, easily leaving all oppon
ents dwarfed and beaten, at least in
the style of the combat. What sur
prised in the man was his versatility,
his marvelous command of illustration
and precedent, his felicit-"- as well as
fertility. No other parliamentarian
could make so graceful a speech on
occasions when votes of thanks were
needed, or votes of money had to be
showered upon royal heads or compli
PAINFUL INJURY
TO "BOB" EVANS.
Copyrighted, 1898. by Jaxnw Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST. May 18.— Captain Evans of the battle-ship lowa met
with a painful accident and narrowly escaped losing his life. As a
result of it his right arm Is now in a sling, but "Fighting Bob" la still
on duty.
The accident occurred when the lowa was casting off the hawser of
a vessel she had temporarily taken in tow. The line, whipping:
across her deck, capsized a 600-pound battle hatch which had been stood
edgewise near the hatchway and sent it crashing into the cabin oe
low.
Almost directly beneath Captain Evanß and Lieutenant-Comman
der Kimball were seated at a table. The heavy piece of metal wrecked
the table, and, toppling over, struck Captain Evans, badly bruising the
muscles of his shoulder and causing a severe contusion of the right
arm. No bones were broken.
ments paid them in addresses. In mat
ters of solemnity as well as light and
happy touches of oratory he was su
preme in saying the right thing free
from all gaucheries or embarrassment.
He was chivalrous, gentlemanly and
courteous, and never descended to vul
garity, buffoonery or cruelty in his ut
terances. Furthermore, he seemed al
ways to feel that what he was saying
was right, and the listener had not the
feeling that he was listening to rhetoric
or the subterfuge of hollow unreality.
The statesman spoke from his head
and heart.
It would be misleading to assume that
all Mr. Gladstone's utterances were free
from the blemish of ambiguity. No
man knew better than he how to cloud
meaning or no meaning in a load of
phrases which sounded well at the mo
ment, but were a labyrinth of doubt
when perused in cold print. As a tac
tician he had no doubt reasons for re
serve and mystification. On the other
hand, when his course was clear his
language was lucidity itself, probably
copious and well rounded in rhythmic
elegance, but apropos and unambigu
ous. Few public speakers have the
gift such as he in eminence possessed
of being able to carry an impromptu
sentence over twenty or thirty lines
of print without a jar in construction
or a flaw in grammar. His accuracy
was not only in sentences, but in col
umns. There was no need of remod
eling in his sentences.
To estimate Mr. Gladstone solely as
a public man in Parliament would
omit much of the man's greatness. He
was a scholar, a many-sided man of
culture, and very broad in his sympa
thies with all that is noble and good
in life. His knowledge of the classics
was profound and critical, but he was
equally at home in modern languages
and literature, and even the Welsh
tongue was not strange to him. It
would be difficult to mention a domain
of research, outside of modern science,
into which he had nm penetrated and
made good his title as an explorer. His
"Gleanings" and a number of other
works attest his acumen and graces as
an author, and his lectures and pam
phlets are equally remarkable for in
tellectual vigor and range of thought.
As a conversationalist he Was one of
the most charming of men in company,
but was perhaps carried away too
much into a monopoly of the talking, a
trait which characterized Macaulay
and Carlyle and is only excusable
among the giant thinkers. In conversa
tion he was far from being a grave
man. He was often delightfully enter
taining and jocose, especiallly in anec
dotes and reminiscences. In all walks
of life Mr. Gladstone was pure and un
flinchingly honorable, and was be
loved of his family, and almost wor
shiped by hosts of admirers and
friends. It is the lot of few to have
wielded such vast power and influence,
and to have used his opportunities with
rare wisdom and magnanimous pur
pose. He undoubtedly passes away the
greatest English statesman of his gen
eration, a colossal figure in an age of
distinguished men.
Joins Stanford's Faculty.
PALO ALTO, May 18.— Dr. Jordan to
day announced the appointment of Dr.
Frank Felter, now professor of economics
and social science in the Indiana Uni
versity, to a place in the economics de
partment of Stanford, made temporarily
vacant by the departure of Dr. Ross, who
will spend his year's leave of absence in
research abroad. Professor Feltor is a
graduate of the Indiana University, lie
received his Ph. M. at Cornell in 1892 and
his Ph. D. at Halle in 1804. After one
year's experience as instructor in Cornell
he accepted a position as professor of
economics and social science at the In
diana University. He will arrive in the
fall of this year and divide the work of
the department with Dr. Durand.
Fell From the Boof.
Last night Officers Naylor and Meredith
made a raid on a Chinese lottery resort
located at 915 Stockton street. They found
two men in the room marking tickets,
who made the customary rush to the roof
to avoid the officers. One of them stepped
on an iron gutter and fell to the ground,
a distance of twelve feet, breaking his
leg in the fall. He was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where he
gave the name of Chow Woo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL WONRIVErPOINT^
BY
STEAMERS.
THE PIONEER LINE,
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST. AND . COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SERVICE AND ON
O the river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run when naviga-
"Passengers by our line *are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. JIICHAEIi
■Passengers by our line are assured IMMKDUTK CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEL
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all
Important points on the river, having facilities which, as the result of our 30 years' experi-
ence 'in the country, far; excel anything that can be offered by . others. .
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
v YUKON; _ LEAH, LOUISE, \ W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and im-
provement . for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our long
'- connection with the business has given us unequaled opportunities to cope with
OUR OCEAN FLEET WILL CONSIST OF :
'\ : ;y' Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer; 2300 tons.
Steamer PORTLAND, : Steamer BERTHA; ' Steamer DORA.
The last three vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St Michael and
'the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run. t\ • u " ( -* lael>
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter. •
The advantages we offer are immediate connection at St. i Michael arid our superior facili-
ties for handling , the traffic. We can start up , the river the . moment navigation opens.
OUR : BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit issued payable at our stations on the river. In !
connection ; with tWis L. . . *, . * -■■ Kt. < » & CO. ;we s have .- established ,■ a parcel express service
; reaching all points on the river. The company also maintains 1 stations and does a general
transportation and : trading business ' at ■ all ■ points in Western ; and Southern Alaska. Including
Copper River, Cooks Inlet, Turnapain <• Arm. - etc., etc. ■•?•'.■-,■: -■•.,- •
Steamer Dora, Sitka to, Unalaska and way ports, .leaving: Sltka June 10 for all ' points la
South, Eastern and- Western Alaska. : ■': ■'■ . - ' . .
For rates or further, particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
,- 310 Sansome Street, i ;
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU ■* '
NEW SLIPPER
FOR UNION PARK.
JIM WHEN WILL TAKE THE
PLACE OF B. L. TAYLOB.
Seventy-Two Dogs Have Been En
tered for the Big Meeting on
Saturday and Sunday.
Seventy-two dogs were entered last
evening for a meeting which will be held
at the Union Coursing Park Association
grounds on Saturday and Sunday. Among
the entries are many of th« crack flyera
of the city and country. Consequently the
patrons of the leash can well afford to
look pleasantly forward to two days of
first-class sport. The total amount of
cash prizes for the stake 1b $810, includ
ing the regular and special prizes. The
result of the drawing is as follows:
Open stake — Orient Kennel's Uncle Sam
vs. M. Nealon's Van Knap; L. A. Han
sen's Wheel of Fortune vs. W. C. Glas
son's Terrona; M. Michalek's Fireball
vs. Derby Kennel's Fleeting Fancy; Cur
tis & Sons' Vanity Fair vs. R. C. Scott '^
Mystery; J. McCormick's Black Prince
vs. McGarry & Caveny's Pigeon Toes; J.
Kennedy's Lillie Wheeler Vs. Cronin &
McDonald's Dottie Dimple; J. J. Ed
mond's Forget vs. E. J. Brennan's Em
pire; Gibson & Sader's Mollie Bawn vs.
J. McKnell's Sportsman; C. Strahl's
Moonlight Chippie vs. J. Connell's Senor
ita; H. Brandon's Moore's Prescrip
tion vs. R. B. Kay's Crosspatch;
J. Goldman's Sarcastic vs. J. H.
Harrison's Hettie M; D. Hooper's
Koolaun vs. E. V. Sullivan's Electric;
S. E. Portal's Laurelwood vs. i^yan &
Anderson's Killboy; S. E. Portal's At Last
vs. Pasha kennel's Metallic; Shaler &
Dc-mpsey's Captain Jack vb. Brown &
Luther's Van Nida; Larkey & Rock's
Hercules vs. J. McNeils' Master Glen
kirk; A. Johnson's Lissack vs. Al Aus
tin's Glenstone; J. Littish's Crusada vs.
John Kerrigan's St. Lawrence; S. E. Por
tal's Gallagher vs. M. Michalek's Sir Wal
ter: Derby kennel's Little Dorritt vs. E.
J. Heaney's Harkaway; J. F. Dodgers'
Little Dottie vs. Derby kennel's Wild
flower; P. Gorman's Kingstone vs. Paaha
kennel's Ray Alfonso; *\ Sullivan's Hicks
vs. Orient kennel's Promise Me: J. Pfrri
go's Belle Seward vs. T. M. Rodders' Olga;
J. F. Rodders' Presito Girl vs. < 'urtis &
Son's Maud S; E. Jones' Gaslight vs.
Pierce & Sullivan's Santa Bella; J. Con
nell's Log Boy vs. T. Butler's Susie; J. J.
Edmond's Morning Glory vs. J. M. Lit
tish's Rosewood; Curtis & Son's McKinley
vs. T. Boyle's Mission Boy; Orient ken
nel's Fair Rosalind vs. T. Hayes' Chi
quita; R. B. Kay's Eclipse vs. J. McCor
mick's White Lily; E. V. Sullivan's Sky
ball vs. J. J. Edmond's Move On; Pasha
kennel's Gilt Edge vs. J. Lennan's Little
Doubt; H. O'Donnell's Elma G. vs. C. F.
Irg-ersoll's Glenwood; E. V. Sullivan's
Jessie Moore vs. Gibson & Moore's Moni
tor; R. B. Kay's Diana vs. J. Seggerson's
White Chief.
R. L. Taylor, who has acted in the ca
pacity of slipper since the inauguration of
coursing at Union Park, resigned his po
sition on Monday last and the managers
of the park have wisely selected the
champion slipper of the plains, Jim Wren
to nil the position left vacant.
California College Graduates.
OAKLAND, May 18.— The graduating
exercises of the academic department of
California College were held to-night. The
attendance was the largest in years and
taxed the capacity of the house. The
themes of the graduates were as follows:
"True American Citizenship," T. E.
Boekenoogen; "An Innumerable Com
panj'," Stella Eshleman; "Those Who
Think Must Govern Those Who Toil,"
Charles Garth; "Productive Industry,"
George H. Hampson; "Westward the Tide
of Empire," D. W. Hobson; "The Minis
try of Physical Science," Aaron Jackson;
"To-Day Is a King in Disguise," Gertrude
Johnson; "The Barbarity of National Ha
tred," Eluena Lutts; "Faithfulness to
Life's Common l-.ings,'-' Edith Morrison;
"The Genesis and Genius of American
Liberty, " E. J. Whitam; "The Heroism of
Scientific Research," Anna E. Wheaton.
D. W. Hobson created the most favor
able Impression by his delivery, but Mis 3
Johnson fairly outdid herself in her ora
tion. The sentiments of Miss Lutts re
garding the cruelties of Spain were lust
ily applauded. The entire programme
was of the highest order.
President Johnson conferred the diplo
mas. At 10 o'clock to-morrow morning
the college commencement exercises are
to be held, followed by the dinner.
Moscow's orphan asylum, founded by
Catherine 11, is supported by a tax on
playing cards.CHARLESTON OFF FOR MANILA
SURROUNDED by the smoke of
her guns, and followed by the
cheers of the hundreds of work
men of the navy yard. the
Charleston steamed away from
Mare Island yesterday afternoon on her
mission of r^ace and war.
As sh** swung: into the stream the
men gathered along the quay, and cheer
after cheer was sent up for the ship
and her errand. The band played the
"Star Spangled Banner," and the peo
ple of Vallejo gathered on the wharves
to wish her jeood-by. Steaming down
past the Independence where flies the
flaT of Admiral Kirkland, her men were
called to quarters, and her guns belch
ed forth a salute of thirteen, and the
Independence answered with eleven, for
Captain Glass is entitled to at least
that. There was plenty of smoke and
plenty of noise and men cheered and
bugles blew their prettiest, but it was
now different from the ordinary going
away, for the Charleston is in her war
paint, and her journey to the Pacific
Islands is not merely for the purpose
of bringing stores to Dewey's fleet. She
carries shot and shell as well as blank
charges, enouj h and to spare for her
self and all of Dewey's vessels; she has
compasses and ship stores; commissary
stores, paymaster's stores and coal
piled high in her bunkers. She is far be
low the draft that was intended for her
■when she was built, but if she makes
the speed her officers hope she will float
light as a duck by the time ehe gets to
Manila. She will empty her bunkers
nearly before she gets to Honolulu, and
there she will coal again; that will take
her to the Philippines.
She headed for Red Rock as soon as
Bhe straightened out Into the channel
after leaving the yards, and arriving
there she swung around between the
rock and Angel Island until her com
passes had been corrected and the er
rors recorded. Then she went to the
stream off Angel Island and anchored.
She was down by the head, and a
good part of the night was spent in
trimming cargo. Besides there was a
gale blowing outside during the early
part of the evening and Captain Glass
did not like to take the ship out while
the sea was high and she was drawing
so much water. She will be away this
morning, however, and within six
days, if Captain Glass has prophesied
correctly, she will have reached tho
Hawaiian Isles. It will take her at
least two days to coal, if not more, and
th^n away for the Philippines. She
expects to be with Dewey within
thirty days.
The Charleston is ready to fight un
til she sinks. She has been out of com
mission for several months and has
been put in thorough repair. She is
not a heavy vessel, her tonnage being
but 3700, but she carries a battery sim
ilar to that of the Boston — six six
inch guns on her broadside batteries
and an eight-inch in bow and stern
capable of train to either side or dead
ahead. On her trial trip she made over
eighteen knots, and she carries a crew
ot nearly 300 men. She fs a "protected"
cruiser of the second class, and she is
able to give an account of herself
wherever she goes. Should she get
into a flght in the Philippines she will
t>e the second of the Califomian built
chips to strike a blow for the flag.
The Charleston's officers are: Captain
Henry Glass, commanding; Lieutenant
Gottfried Blockllnger, executive officer;
Lieutenant William Braunersreuther,
navigator; Lieutenants Frank M. Bost
"wiek, George R. Slocum, Robert E.
Coontz; Ensigns William A. Moffett
and Waldo Evans, watch officers; sur
geon, Henry T. Percy; passed assistant
Burgeon. Ammen Farenholt; paymaster,
James S. Phillips; chief engineer, Rob
ert W. Gait; passed assistant engineer,
J. S. McKean; assistant engineers, A.
IW. Marshall, C. E. Leiper and J. P.
Henry; boatswain, D. Glynn; gunner,
'A. A. Phelps; carpenter, J. H. Hill; pay
clerk, F. M. Phillips.
Officers of every grade from major
general down to additional second lieu
tenant were at the Phelan building
yesterday morning ready to lend as
eistance in the organization of the
"Manila expedition. All the officers were
(busy, but General Otis carried the
greatest pressure of steam.
While neither General Otis nor Gen
eral Merriam could spare the time for
■newspaper interviews it was ascer
tained that the Fourteenth United
States Infantry and the First Regi
ment of California United States Vol
unteers have been ordered to embark
RICHNESS OF
PHILIPPINES
Value of the Islands
Taken by Dewey.
INDUSTRIES OF THE GROUP.
iVAST EXPORTS OF HEMP TO
THIS COT7NTBY.
lobacco, Copra, Woods, Hides, Shells,
Indigo and Coffee Also Among
the Valuable Products of
the Territory.
Call Office, Rigga House,
Washington, May 18.
Recognizing the widespread popular
Interest in all that relates to the Philip
pine Islands the State Department has
Issued in advance of the regular date
of publication the latest report from
our Consul at Manila, together with
other information on the general sub
ject of the commerce and industries of
the group. The report is of more than
ordinary importance and should be read
by all who wish to have a knowledge
of the Industrial conditions of the is
lands and their value as a market for
American trade.
Consul Williams says:
Local and European authorities eatiK
for Manila on the steamship City of
Peking. Other organizations will sail
on the Australia and City of Sydney,
but the two regiments named will con
stitute the head of the column for the
Philippines. It is announced that Gen
eral Otis and Lieutenant C. L. Potter,
engineer corps, will go on the City of
Peking.
Early yesterday forenoon General
Otis, General Merriam and other offi
cers inspected the Australia, City of
Sydney and City of Peking. The in
specting officers noted with gratifica-
tion the excellent arrangements on the
Australia for the comfort of officers
and enlisted men.
It was said that the Peking would
be ready to receive troops to-morrow
night, hence it is possible that the ship
may sail next Saturday or Sunday.
The battalions of the Second Regi
ment Oregon United States Volunteers
that arrived yesterday made such an
excellent impression at army head
quarters and seem to be so thorough
ly equipped for active service in the
field that no surprise need be expressed
if this regiment should be selected for
immediate dispatch to the Philippine
Islands.
General Otis also visited the Bay Dis
trict grounds, where camp for incom
ing regiments has been laid out. His
tour of informal inspection took in the
Presidio, where he glanced at the men
of the Fourteenth Regular Infantry
and First California Volunteers. The
morning reports of men for duty were
observed to get a hint as to the num
ber of effective soldiers in each regi
ment.
It was stated at department head
quarters yesterday that no orders had
been received from Washington re
garding the Manila expedition: "You
can see what is going on," said Gen
eral Merriam. "Orders have not been
issued here assigning General Otis to
the command of the troops encamped
at the Presidio. He will have his
command when the troops go."
At the Presidio yesterday there was
delight expressed over the news that
the headquarters' band and Troops L
and M of the Fourth United States
Cavalry had been ordered from Walla
Walla to San Francisco. There will
be music in the air when the mounted
band of the Fourth comes to town.
Artillerymen of the Third United
States Regiment and troopers of the
Fourth United States Cavalry are in a
state of suspense. They would like to
know definitely whether they are to go
to the Philippines or remain in this
country. The officers and men can
not be blamed for desiring to know, for
even if they are soldiers they are hu
man beings who want a day or two for
individual preparation.
Reports concerning the arrival of
trains bearing troops are somewhat
conflicting. At army headquarters in
the Phelan building the Southern Pa
cific representatives are depended upon
to impart notice relating to the move
ment of troops on the rail. At last ac
counts regiments were scheduled to ar
rive as follows:
Nebraska regiment on train of four
sections, due in San Francisco to-mor
row morning.
Colorado regiment, in train of four
sections, 46 officers, 976 enlisted men
and 14 horses, due to arrive to-morrow
morning.
Thirteenth Minnesota, in four sec
tions, to arrive to-morrow.
Twentieth Regiment of Kansas Vol
unteers, 45 officers and 964 enlisted men,
train in four sections, to arrive to-mor
row morning.
The Third Battalion of Washington
Volunteers Is expected to arrive some
time to-day.
The representatives of the Red Cross
Society or other organizations charged
with the duty of meeting the incoming
regiments should get a verified sched
ule from the Southern Pacific to-day.
It Is possible that some of the trains
may arrive late to-night. The troops
from Colorado, Nebraska, Minnesota
and Kansas will go into camp at the
Bay District grounds on First avenue.
The easy line of march is up Market
street and out Golden Gate avenue.
The Washington Volunteers retired
last evening at the usual hour at the
Fontana warehouse, the scare about
the safety of the building having en
tirely subsided.
The Third Battalion Is expected here
to-day, accompanied by Colonel John
H. Wholly, who is in command of the
regiment. Colonel Wholly was for
merly a lieutenant In the regular army.
He was stationed at Seattle for a long
time as recruiting officer, and later was
military instructor in the State Univer
sity of Washington. He has the repu
tation of being an excellent disciplina
rian.
mat© th© area of the Philippine Islands at
150,000 square miles, and cheir population
at 8,000.,000 to 10,000,000. The island of Lu
zon, on which the city of Manila is sltu
i ated, in larger than New York and Ma.«
i eachusetts, and has a population of 5,000,
j 000; and the Island of Mindanao is nearly,
11 not quite, as large. There are scores of
other islands, large and very populous.
An Idea of the extent of the Philippines
may be formed when it is stated that the
six' New England States New York. New
Jersey, Maryland and Delaware have 10
per cent less area. In addition to the
Philippine Islands, the Caroline, Ladrone
and Sooloo groups are considered under
the Jurisdiction of this consulate (Ma
nila). In all, there are about 2000 islands
in a land and sea area of about 1300 miles
of latitude and 2400 miles of longitude.
To this general description given by
the Consul the State Department adds
the following note:
Th«re are about 25,000 Europeans resi
dent in the islands (the total population
is nearly 8,000,000), of coursu not counting
the troops. Some 12,000 are established in
the capital. Manila, the center of the co
lonial government. English, Spanish and
German houses are engaged in trade, ad
vancing money to the natives on their
crops Such business methods involve
risks and necessitate large capital in the
beginning, but the profits are immense.
The land is fertile and productive, and
lacks only intelligent cultivation. Abaca
(manila hemp) is one of the chief sources
of wealth of the country- Sugar cane
does not give as satisfactory returns, ow
inc- largely to the ignorance of planters,
average production is 178,000,000 kilo
grams (175.186.9fi tons), while that of Cuba
is eaual to 720,000,000 kilograms. The su
*ar goes almost entirely to Japan. Eng
land and the United States. It is of poor
aualitv and very cheap. The cultivation
of tobacco is one of the most important
industries, although it Is capable of much
greater development. The native coffee,
although not equal to the mocha or bour
bon varieties, has a fine aroma. It goes
chiefly to Spain. Cocoa trees grow in
abundance, and the oil is used for light
ing houses and streets. The indigo is fa
mous for its superior qualities. The in
habitants are apathetic to a degree that
is noticeable even in these countries,
where every one Is averse to exertion.
The women have long and Blender fin
gers, remarkably fine and sensitive, and
well adapted to their work. The hats and
cigarette holdera tWfey make and the art -
cles they embroider are models of deli
cacy. Cotton spinning and work in bam
too are amoDt th« chief Industries.
THE SA.TX FBAKCISCO CALT,, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
fourteenth Regulars ar)d
First California Go on
tl^e Peking.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
Ceremonies Incident to the Pre
sentation of a Stand of
Colors.
Adjutant-General Barrett drove out to
camp during the afternoon and presented
the Seventh Regiment of California Vol
unteers with a magnificent stand of regi
mental colors. The banner 1b of heavy
blue silk, in which is embroidered In silk
the State coat of arms. Accompanying
the presentation was the following self
explanatory letter and greeting from Los
Angeles, which General Barrett handed
to Colonel Berry:
LOS ANGELES, May 14, 1898.
Adjutant A. W. Barrett. California Hotel,
San Francisco. Cal. — Dear Sir: The employes
of our firm, desiring to show their friendship
for the members of the Seventh Regiment of
this section, who were lately mustered into the
United States service, have had made a mag
nificent stand of regimental colors which they
will send you via Wells, Fargo A Co.'s ex
press, to reach you Monday morning.
Knowing your kindly feelings toward the
people of this section we have taken the lib
erty of sending it to you and would request
that you present it to the Seventh Regl
ment before their departure from San Fran
cisco, conveying; to them, as well, the hearty
food wishes and blessings of their friends in
outhern California, particularly those through
whose efforts this little expression Is made
manifest. Very truly.
A. HAMBURGER St SONS.
The employes of the A. Hamburger
Company, numbering 140. send the fol
jowing address accompanying the colors:
FOR HUMANITY AND THE MAINE.
The trying ordeal through which our Gov
ernment 1b passing and the dangers to which
our frlenda and acquaintances— the Seventh
Regiment. California United States Volunteer
Infantry— will be exposed while serving our
country, liberating the oppressed and protect
ing our homes, has aroused within us a desire
to show our appreciation of the sacrifices they
are making lor honor's sake, by presenting
them with regimental colors, upon which they
can look during turmoil and strife or quiet
ness of camp life with the feeling that the
friends at home are with them in spirit and
sympathy.
We the undersigned employes of A. Ham
burger & Sons, desire to participate in the
uurchase of regimental colors to be presented
to the Seventh Kegiment, California I nitPd
States Volunteer lntantry, before their de
parture for the seat of war. and maj its folds
ever remind them of the tender sympathies
which inspire the gift.
Colonel Berry received the colors on be
half of his regiment and responded brief
ly to General Barretts congratulatory ad-
d An S other flag presentation took place
when a committee of ladies from Seven
Pines Circle No. 3 presented a company
flag to Company B, First Regiment.
cfovernor Budd yesterday appointed five
more officers to vacancies existing In the
California volunteers. Julius \ ogelsanp
of this city was commissioned first lieu
tenant and ordnance officer, and Dr. D.
R Hancock of Redondo was commis
sioned captain and assistant surgeon,
both on the staff of Colonel Berry of the
Dr. A. P. O'Brien was appointed captain
and assistant surgeon; James A. Margo,
lirst lieutenant and commissary, and D.
K. Smith, first lieutenant and ordnance
officer on Co'.onel Smiths staff. Lieuten
ant Smith was formerly adjutant of the
Fifth Infantry and his appointment cre
ated some opposition among a few of the
officers. One major left his battalion to
personally protest against the appoint
ment to the Governor. Of course his pro
test was without effect, and the proper
rebuke for his unwarranted interference
would have been to order him to his quar
ters, where his battalion may need his
services.
The Berkeley ladies presented two cases
of strawberries to each company of the
Seventh yesterday.
The practitioners' class of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons has presented
Major Charles Buxton with a gold-mount
ed sword and belt and a pistol.
The two Stockton companies of the
Sixth were made happy yesterday by re
ceiving from citizens of that place a
quantity of socks, handkerchiefs, etc.,
and a big supply of fruit.
The splendid band of the Fourteenth
gives a concert in front of Major Robe's
headquarters every afternoon to the
great enjoyment of the visitors to camp.
THE FONTANA BUILDING.
Army and Call Experts Pro-
nounce the Structure Safe
and Sound.
All fears for the safety of the troops
stationed at Fontana Barracks have been
allayed by the official report of Captain
George Buhlen, U. S. A., chief quarter
master of the Department of California,
who, in company with Mr. F. J. H. Ric
kon, a civil engineer and draughtsman
on duty with the department here, made
a thorough inspection of the building
and pronounces the same to be not only
safe, but unusually strong.
The cracking noises heard, which
caused the heavy artillery to vacate the
warehouse, are attributed to th© fact that
the wood is "checking" from the heat en
The ConßUl further reports:
During the quarter ended December 31,
1897, there were exported from these isl
ands to the United States and Great Brit
ain 216,898 bales of hemp (280 pounds per
bale), of which 138,792 bales went to the
United States and only 78,106 bales to
Great Britain. During the year 1897 there
was an increase in the export of hemp
from the Philippines to Continental
Europe of 19,741 bales; to Australia, 2192
bales; to China, 28 bales; to Japan, 2628
bales; and to the United States, 133,896
bales — a total increase of 158,485 bales, ;
while to Great Britain there was a de- ;
crease of 22,348 bales. Thus, of increased
shipments from the Philippines, those to
the United States were 544 per cent
greater than to all other countries com
bined. Of the total exports of hemp from
the Philippines for the ten years ended
1897, amounting to 6,528,965 bales (914,055
tons), 41 per cent went to the United
States.
During the same years the Philippine
Islands exported to the United States and
Europe 1,582,904 tons of sugar, of which
875,150. tons went to the United States,
666,391 tons to Great Britain and 41.362
tons to Continental Europe; showing that
of the total exports more than 55 per
cent went to the United States.
At the current values in New York of
hemp (4 cents per pound) and of raw
sugar (3% cents per pound), the exports
of these two products alone from these
Islands to the United States, during the
ten years under review, amounted to
$89,263,722 80, or an average of nearly
18,926,372 per year.
From these statistics It will be seen
that the general trend of Philippine
trade has been of late toward the
United States. Nearly the whole of the
increase of commerce has Deen with us.
There is. however, a striking exception
to this rule to be found in the sugar
trade. In that staple the decline of
Philippine exports to this country has
been extraordinary. In 1889 we import
ed from the Philippine group 2,135,443
piculs (140 pounds) of sugar, and from
that point the importation slowly de
clined until 1896, when we Imported 1,
305,882 piculs. In the succeeding year
the Importation dropped suddenly to
342,540 piculs. This decline in the sugar
imports shows to what extent home
production is now supplying Amerioan
needs and points to the near approach
of a time when we shall not have to
gendered by a number of stoves recently
placed in the quarters of the heavy ar
tillery by the Bed Cross Society. As the
building had not been occupied for some
time the wooden stringers and pillars
supporting the different floors had ab
sorbed considerable moisture which the
heat of the stoves, together with the ven
tilation of the building, caused to evap
orate rapidly and in so doing the shrink
ing of the timbers naturally resulted in
their becoming checked.
Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Fife, com
manding the First and Second Battalions
of Washington Volunteers, together with
a number of carpenters and masons, made
a hurried inspection of the quarters, and
after consulting with the officers of the
two battalions concluded that there was
no danger of the building collapsing, and
were soon wrapped in peaceful slumber,
glad to know tnat the comforts which
they have enjoyed since coming here will
not be taken from them. Colonel Fife
even sent a request to General Merriam
asking that the Washington troops be
permitted to remain in their present quar
ters, which request General Merriam
granted as soon as he ascertained the
safety of the building.
The removal of the heavy artillery was
done before any inspection of the prem
ises had been made. When the noise
caused by the checking of the timbers
was first brought to Captain Geary's at
tention he deemed it wise to use every
precaution against any danger that might
exist, and was perhaps hyper-sensitive for
the safety of his men, as subsequent
events disclosed.
The removal of the four batteries of the
heavy artillery to the Presidio Barracks
yesterday was in compliance with in
structions heretofore received by Major
Rice, the commanding officer of the bat
talion, to take station at the Presidio im
mediately upon receipt of uniforms. As
the men were supplied yesterday the or
der was necessarily obeyed.
As soon as the matter of the supposed
insecurity of the warehouse was brought
to the attention of General Merriam he at
once ordered a thorough investigation to
be made by Captain Ruhlen, who, after
fully satisfying himself from an expert
inspection of the premises, made the fol
lowing detailed report:
Headquarters Department of California — Office
of the Chief Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, May IS. IS9S.
The Adjutant-General, Department of Call
forna — Sir: I have the honor to report that,
in company with F. J. H. Rickon. civil en
gineer and draughtsman or. duty in this office,
T proceeded , to the Fontana * Co. warehouse,
near Fort Mason, in this city, to investigate
certain reports relative to alleged deficiencies
in the strength of that building.
I examined every Moor of the building, accom
panied by Lieutenant-Colonel \V. J. Fife, com
manding the First and Second Battalions of
Washington Volunteers, now quartered there,
and by Mr. Ricki>n. from the basement to the
top, and found nowhere any indication of weak
ness.
The walls of the first story are of hard brick,
laid In cement mortar, and are 'it inches thick;
those on the fourth story are 17 inches thick.
The wooden columns suporting the floor beams
rest on massive brick piera laid In cement mor
tar, capped with a iarge stone.
The building 1b constructed on the best sys
tem of so-called mill construction. All its
walls, floor beams nr.tl trusses are of extraor
dinary strength, and in my judgment it will
accommodate on each floor, with perfect com
fort and safety, a regiment of 1000 men.
The supports of the floor beams are heavy
wooden columns extending from the basement
piers to the third floor. Owing to the fact
that the building has b*en unoccupied for some
time these columns ami some of the beams
have become damp. The checking caused by
shrinkage due to the hpat from adjacent stoves
probably produced the cracking noises paid to
have been heard by pome of the occupants.
Colonel Fife authorizes me to say thnt pre
vious to my arrival he had caused an examina
tion to be made by some of the men of his
command who are experienced mill contractors,
lumbermen and builders, and had arrived at
the conclusion that there was not the slightest
cause for alarm, and he fully concurs in the
opinion herein expressed that the building is
not only safe, but unusually strong.
(Signed.) GEORGE RI'HLEN.
Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, I T . S. A.,
Chief Quartermaster of the Department of
California.
Yesterday before the army inspection
was made The Call'? expert was in
structed to examine the builrtinp and pre
sent a report. An examination was made
according to instructions and the follow
ing report submitted:
All the posts are of Oregon pine, 12 Inches In
diameter and perfectly sound. There are 27
posts that show season cracks, possibly caused
by the heat from stoves. The floor above is
supported by stringers, 12x12. resting on the
tops of the posts, and only one of these shows
sign of a recent crack, and this was at a
point where it was heavily ironed. Each post
U> a single tree and the cracks in no place ex
tend beyond the heart of the tree, and it would
be Impossible for them to collapse.
The first floor Ik not occupied. The artillery
troops were on the second floor. The two floors
above are occupied by the Washington troops
Major Carr of the Washington Battalion, who
Is a practical builder, pronounces the building
»afe in every respect. »Captain C. F Miller of
Company F, First Regiment Washington Vol
unteers, says he has entire confidence in the
Oregon flr posts to hold up even under twice
the number of men.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS.
Two Battalions Completing the
Second Regiment Arrived
Yesterday.
The main incidents at the volunteer
camp at the Presidio yesterday were the
Import any sugar at all.
According to the British Foreign Of
fice report (No. 1932, annual series
1887), the total imports Into the islands
in 1896 were valued at $10, 631, 250 and the
exports at $20,175,000. The trade with
several of the most Important coun
tries (compiled from the respective of
ficlaJ statistics) was:
Great Britain .;..:............
Germany . . . v.
France ; ....'.;:;..v.v..v........'
Belgium
United State*
China ............ ..........
*2, 467.1
744,
1,794,!
162"
! $7,467,500
223.700
! 1.M7.M0
46,660
I 4.952.P57
I 13,770
Details of trade with the United
States during the last two years are
given by the United States treasury as
follows:
IMPORTS.
189«
Hemp, Manila
Cane sugar (not above No.
16)
Fiber, vegetable, not hemp..
Fiber, vegetable, manufac-
tures of
Straw, manufactures of
Tobacco
Miscellaneous
$2,499,
$2,701,651
1.199,202
384,155
22,170
72,137
2.338
1,087
Total
$4,982.8
J4.353.740
EXPORTS
Cotton, manufactures of
Oils, mineral, refined
Varnish
All other
2.164
45,908
2,239
44.286
Total
It should be noted that our trade is
really much larger (especially In the
Item of exports to the islands) than is
indicated by the above figures. Large
quantities of provisions (flour, canned
goods, etc.) are sent to Hongkong or
other ports for transshipment, and are
credited to those ports instead of to
Manila. _
Adyances ma<i« on furniture and pianos, with
•r without removal. J. Noonan. 1017- 1023 Mission.
The Netherlands have 12,000 square
miles, being about the combined area of
Massachusetts and Connecticut
arrival of two battalions of the Second
Oregon and the presentation of a stand
of colors to the Seventh California.
The Oregon troops were expected to ar
rive early In the morning, and at 6 o'clock
Lieutenant Colonel Yoran had the battal
ion already in camp on the way to the
ferry to escort their comrades out to the
reservation. The Red Cross Society and
a band provided by the Merchants' Asso
ciation also went down to welcome the
soldiers, and waited for hours, but they
did not come.
Finally word was received that one Dat
talion had reached Oakland mole, and
was being held there to await the arrival
of the special bearing the second battal
ion. The Red Cross representatives im
mediately crossed the bay and supplied
the troops with an abundance of coffee
and sandwiches, their thoughtfulness be
ing thoroughly appreciated by the men.
At 2 o'clock the second section pulled into
the mole and the men were quickly
marched on the ferry boat and brought
to this side, the Red Cross people provid
ing for the late comers on the trip across
the bay. At Market street the escort re
ceived the troops, and after the baggage
had been loaded on trucks the troops
began the march to the Presidio.
They wore in heavy marching order,
and as they marched up Market street
and Golden Gate avenue to Van Ness
their soldierly bearing won for them
hearty plaudits from the citizens. Several
stops were made to rest, and it was near
ly 5 o'clock when the column reached the
Lombard street entrance to the Presidio.
The regimental band struck up a patri
otic march, and as Colonel Summers and
his command passed down the road the
different guards were turned out and sa
luted, while the men in camp lustily
cheered the Oregonians.
Arrived at their camp site, the men im
mediately began to pitch tents, and In a
surprisingly short time they were ready
for the supper that was awaiting their
onslaught. The Oregon troops are by far
the best equipped of any of the volun
teers that have gone into camp, so far as
camp equipage is concerned, and in con
sequence they will be spared many of the
hardships the Californians had to endure
at first. They are a splendid body of men
and look like fighters from the ground up.
Following is a roster of the commissioned
officers of the regiment:
Field— Owpn Summers, colonel; George Toran,
lieutenant-colonel; C. U. Gantenbrin, major
First Battalion; Percy Willis, major Second
Battalion; P. G. Eastwick Jr., major Third
Battalion.
Staff — E. P. Crowne, adjutant and first lieu
tenant; M. H. Kills, major and surgeon; H. W.
Card well, captain and assistant surgeon; San
ford Whiting, captain and assistant surgeon;
William S. Gilbert, captain and chaplain; Law
rence H. Knapp, quartermaster and first lieu
tenant; P. S. Kelly, adjutant First Battalion;
A. J. Brazee, adjutant Second Battalion; Reese
Jackson, adjutant Third Battalion.
Line: Company A— H. L. Heath, captain;
Ralph Platt, first lieutenant; J. A. Young, sec
ond lieutenant. Company B— J. L. May, cap
tain; F. B. ilamlln, first lieutenant; J. E.
Thornton, second lieutenant. Company C — W.
S. Moon, captain; R. S. Huston, first lieuten
ant; F. W. Haynes, second lieutenant. Com
pany D — A. F. Prescott, captain; George A.
Hartman Jr.. first lieutenant; F. A. Mead, sec
ond lieutenant. Company E — R. E. Davis, cap
tain; T. N. Dunbar. first lieutenant; E. J.
Bryan, second lieutenant. Company F— J. F.
Cuft captain; Edwin Grimm, first lieutenant;
E. W. Moore, second lieutenant. Company G —
William Goilsby. captain; R. H. Barber, first
lieutenant; George N. Wolfe, second lieuten
ant. Company H— C. B. McDonald, captain; A.
B. Gritzmacher. first lieutenant; J. A. McKin
non. second lieutenant. Company I — L. L.
Plckens, captain; M. D. Phillips, first lieuten
ant; W. A. Huntley. second lieutenant. Com
pnny X—ElmerK — Elmer Worrick. captain; Ralph T«r
rill, first lieutenant; Charles A. Murphy, sec
ond lieutenant. Company L — H. L. Wells, cap
tain; George F. Telfer, first lieutenant; George
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A YOUNG HERCULES.
With all the strength which nature intended you to have, developed to its fullest
expansion by continuing systematic training, you couid be a very strong man. Any man
could. Nature gives most of us a good start. If we take good care of our bodies we can
make them powerful. But —
EXCESS WILL WEAR YOU OUT.
Men live too fast these days. The search for an imaginary pleasure, trying to squeeze
the happiness of a lifetime into a few years, exhausts the capital nature gives them, and they
are wrecked in the grandest element of man's ambition — nerve, brain and body weakened.
HE IS /\ TRANSFORMED M/\N.
VETERANS 1 HOME. Cal.. May 2, 1898.
DR A T SANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final report. I sent a full report to you two months ago,
tPlline v'ou 'a->out my case, but I will tell you again of my vast improvement. When I first used your Belt I weighed
170 Dounds I suffered great pains in my back, and other complaints. My liver and bowels were very bad. gwj
have not used the Belt for the last two months, but I am gradually transforming into a different man. I weigh 193
Dounds- I eat and sleep well; my pains are all gone; my liver and bowels are cured, and I have^ no complaint what-
ever I feel very good. Yours truly. FRANK HE.NaEL.
DR. S/UNDEIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Dr. Sanden claims that your nerve strength is Electricity and his Electric Belt will
restore what you have lost. 10,000 men say it has restored their strength. Dr. Sanden
will send you a book on this subject that is worth reading. It is free. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 702 marke 8 t a S t f r r e a e n t cWo. im no°££ ni
Dr. Sanden's offices
Offlo* hours-R a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angela. Cal.. 204^ are now at 70 2 Market
South Bwtdway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington St.; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st.; Dallas. street corner Geary
Tex.. 285 Main st. !
W. Povey, second lieutenant. Company M— J.
M. Poorman. captain; W. E. Furzer. first lieu
tenant; C. R. Platts, second lieutenant.
OTIS ON THE GROUND.
The General Holds an Informal
Inspection of the Troops
in Camp.
General E. S. Otis, U. S. A., accom
panied by Major Moore, Adjutant General
Sehon and Lieutenant C. L. Potter, En
gineer Corps, U. S. A., drove out to the
Presidio yesterday afternoon for the pur
pose of informally inspecting the camp
and taking a look at the troops. General
Otis visited the various headquarters of
the different regimental commands in or
der to make inquiries regarding their
present supplies and equipments. His
visit was a purely informal one, and w;is
not attended with any ceremonies.
There has been an attempted scare in
camp caused by the circulation of reports
I that there were several eases of dlph-
I theria in the brigade hospital, the men
being members of the First Regiment.
'The rumor is most indignant ly denied by
Major McCarthy and his assistants.
There are several oases in the brigade
' hospital of torisilitis, but absolutely no
! diphtheria. One private in Company A of
I the Oregon Volunteers has a case of
I measles, but he contracted them before
!he came here. He lias been isolated and
| there is no danger of an epidemic.
The colors donated by the San Fran
: cisco Chamber of Commerce to the First
H<-giment will be presented at 1:30 o'clock
: this afternoon by Hugh Craig, the presl
: dent of the chamber. They will be re
; celved by Colonel Smith on behalf of the
i regiment and be turned over to B Com-
! pany.
The cadets of the Mount Tamalpais
Military Academy, sixty strong, under
; the command of Captain Hogg, visited
' the camp yesterday. The boys made a
' most soldierly appearance, and were
I greatly interested with all they saw.
' Among the cadets was Private Ye, a son
of Minister Ye, who has charge of for
eign affairs for his nation at K.ore^.; and
Private Guiterez, a son of the President
of Salvador.
Father McKinnon performed his first
duty yesterday as chaplain of the First,
vrhrn he married Private W. C. Walsh
of Company H to Miss Elizabeth Greg
gins. The ceremony was performed in
tho chaplain's tent. Walsh desired to
make his sweetheart his bride before
braving the dangers and uncertainties of
! the fortunes of war.
Battalion drill was dispensed with in
the Fourteenth yesterday, and the com
panies were drilled in extended order.
The other regiments had battalion, com
pany and squad drills as usual.
NEW CAMPING GROUND.
The Bay District Race Track
Ground Will Accommo
date 10,000 Troops.
All the available ground at the Presidio
has been taken up and hereafter all in
coming troops will camp on the grounds
of the old Bay District race track. This
tract of land, which has been divided into
blocks, and each block enclosed with a
three-board fence three feet high, is an
ideal camping ground. It is easily ac
cessible by the street car lines and the
sanitary conditions could not be better.
The soil is sandy and readily absorbs all
rain and moisture, thus rendering the
camp dry and healthy. The Spring Valley
Water Company yesterday began the lay
ing of water pipes throughout the tract
and will have the work completed inside
of three days. The pipe is eight inches in
diameter and the tirst installment con
sists of 1300 feet, running from First ave
nue to Fifth avenue, and the balance will
be laid as rapidly as the demand re
quires, so that there will be an ample sup
ply of water.
The selection of this camping ground
was first made by Major Field, adjutant
general of the Department of California,
and Lieutenant Neall of tho Fourth Cav
alry, who has be«»n given .charge of the
location, arrangement of and policing of
camps and the preservation of order
therein. General Mcrriam, upon viewing
the ground, at once approved their choice,
which was one of excellent judgment.
The Bay District camp is much superior
in every way to any space left at the
Presidio, where the supply of water had
been exhausted for the extra territory
needed.
The Bay District camp will easily af
ford camping room for 10,000 troops,
which, with the forces already here, will
in all probability be the limit of the
Philippine expedition. The division of the
ground into blocks surrounded by fences
will be a great assistance In forming the
various camp lines.
TO COMMAND THE PEKING.
Commander W. C. Gibson, U.S.
N., Will Retain the Officers
of the Vessel.
Commander William C. Gibson of the
United States navy is in the city to taka
command of the City of Peking, which
has been chartered to transport troops to
the Philippine Islands.
When asked whether the captain and
the other officers of the vessel were to be
retained on board he answered emphatic
ally in the affirmative. He said: "All the
present officers of the ship are to be re
tained and will fill their respective offices
during the trip. I go as a representative
of the United States navy, and the orders
from the authorities will be given to the
captain of the vessel through me. The
Citj of Peking has simply been chartered
for this trip, and when the Government
is through with her, which will probably
be after the troops are landed in the Phil
ippines, slit; will immediately be turned
over to the owners.
"The rumor that Engineer Leopold of
t v e jiohtcan is t<> be placed in charge of
the engines of the Peking is entirely un
founded. He is groins; with us, but merely
as a passenger, and will probably be as
signed to duty on some of the vessels of
the Asiatic squadron. I cannot say when
we will leave, as I know no more than
outsiders on that point, but I presume it
will be the latter part of this week. We
have in the neighborhood of 15U0 men to
transport."
Commander Gibson has for the past
year and a half been in command of the
United States training ship A3ams, which
has been cruising in the Pacific most of
that time. He has been at Mare Island
since February, and May 4 is the date on
his orders to take command of the City
of Peking.
More Talk of Charters.
The report that the China and City of
Para were to be chartered by the Gov
ernment was again in circulation along
the water front yesterday; but both Mr.
Center and Mr. Schwerin denied that
there was any truth in it. The City of
Para was offered to the Government
some time ago, and she was refused. Tho
China was inspected, and was inspected
a second time, but the officials of the
company say that is as far as it went.
The China is due here from Hongkong
on the 28th inst, and the Para is due
from the south coast in the early part of
June. Both would make good transport
ships with very little alteration; but it
is emphatically denied that there have
been any negotiations for their charter
or purchase by the Government.
War Incidents.
A press dispatch from Fresno states
that the Farley brothers who refused to
be sworn into Company C, Sixth Infantry,
have started to San Francisco to enlist in
the Heavy Artillery. The sister of the
Farleys who saw the result of her former
action obtained places for them in the ar
tillery and persuaded them to enlist again.
Governor Budd went to Stockton last
night, lie will not return to headquarters
until to-morrow.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Mechanics' Institute last night it
was decided to sond a quantity of books
with the troops on their departure to Ma
nila. There are at present on the shelves
duplicate copies of many first-class works
and bound volumes of magazines, for
which there is at present very little call.
These will be selected by the librarian
and shipped with the boys on their jour-
ney.
At a meeting of the Journeymen "Bar
bers" I'nion last night it was decided that
the standing of all members who enlist
in the army be kept up during their terra
of service.
The Red Crocs Aid Society of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West that
was organized last night will meet on
Thursday afternoon and evening to ar
range and distribute the sewing work the
ladies of the organization have under
taken to do.
56
THURSDAY . . ........... MAY 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPR£CKELS,> Proprietor. _
Address All CommunicatiojisJoJAMxJJ^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 St«v«nsen Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a wee*. By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .■ ■_■_•; •OS Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .....•-.. Riftftes Bone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE • Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
I open until 9:30 o'clock- 2*7 Hayes street. »oen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ano
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTi
F&ldwln — "In Old Japan "
Baldwin Theater-Matinee this mfternoon, In aid of the
Masonic Wloowa'-and Orphans' Home.
Columbia— -The Fac« in the Moonlight *
California— "Mo:hs "
Alcazar— "Toun* Mrs. Winthrop '
Morocco's— -'The Corner Grocery."
Tlvoll-"Shlp Ahoy."
Orpheumv Vaudeville
Native Sons' Hall. Mason street— Lecture tonlgrht.
bherman. Clay Hall-Paloma Schramm, benefit to the Red
Cross Society, Friday afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Doe Show,
The Chutes -Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art."
Olyinpiii— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dogr and Ponr Show.
Sutro Eaths — Swimming,
California Jockeydub, Oakland— Races this day.
El Campo — Music, dancinir, tx>atlng. fishing, every Sunda.v.
LET THE DEAD REST.
AS an exhibition of brutal bad taste there has
been no recent act of the Examiner more strik
ing than its article yesterday morning concern
ing the late Judge Campbell. To gibe at the pecu
liarities of the living may be permissible, for at least
they can defend themselves. But at the border of the
open grave is no place for levity or the jingling of a
clown's bells. The peace of the dead no taunt dis
turbs, yet tiiere is custom among the civilized to
respect the silent clay that has been a man, and to
step lightly in the house of mourning.
THE PHILIPPINE TRADE.
ADVANCE sheets of the report of Consul Wil
liams concerning the trade of the Philippine
Islands, just issued by the State Department,
show that in addition to the military interest we now
have in the group we have also large and increasing
commercial interests there. In fact, as the Consul
says, the trend of trade for some years past has been
toward us. Nearly all the recent increase of Philip
pine commerce has been with the United States.
One exception to the rule is found in the sugar
trade. In 1889 we imported from the Philippines
2,135.443 piculs pounds) of sugar, and from that
point the importation declined by slow and fluctuat
ing degrees until 1806, when we imported 1,305,882
piculs. In 1897 the importation dropped suddenly to
342,540 piculs. This heavy falling off shows to what
extent we are now producing a home supply of sugar
and points to a near approach ot a time when we
shall have no need to import any at all. It also shows
that those persons who arc talking glibly of annexing
the Philippine Islands to the United States have not
seriously considered the effect that policy would have
upon the sugar industry of our own farmers. Free
sugar from the Philippines would be the ruin of many
a Californian sugar-beet grower.
With the exception of the sugar trade, however,
our commerce with the islands has been advancing
by leaps and bounds. The Consul reports that during
the year 1597 the export of hemp from the Philip
pines increased over that of the previous year to the
extent of 158.485 bales, and that of this increase the
United States took 133,806 bales. Thus the increased
shipments to this country were 544 per cent greater
than the increase in shipments to all other countries
combined.
We havealso a large and rapidly growingtrade in to
bacco, copra, woods, shells, indigo and coffee. Our total
imports from the islands are not far from $1,000,000 a
month. There is also a chance for a large export
trade. In 1897 Great Britain exported to the islands
goods valued at $7,467,000. while the exports of the
United States were valued at $4,982,857. About 13
per cent of the total imports of the islands were from
Spain, while those from other countries were far be
low in value the imports from the United States. We
are, therefore, a close second to Great Britain in the
Philippine market, and as we make the same class
and quality of goods which 6he exports, there is a
prospect for us to eventually take the first rank.
The most significant feature of the report is the
showing made for industrial and commercial expan
sion in the islands. The resources of the group, so
far from being developed, have hardly been explored.
The six New England States, with New York, New
Jersey. Maryland and Delaware combined, have 10
per cent less area than this island empire. The in
habitants are lacking in industry and skill to make
use of the riches with which nature has supplied them.
Under a stable and just government, which would as
sure protection to capital and enterprise, the wealth
of the Philippines would soon be multiplied a hun
dredfold.
Notwithstanding the excellent example set by a
number of recent murderers in undergoing the pro
cess of hanging without any preliminary fuss, the
batch now on hand seems inclined to balk. Of course
the appeals to the Supreme Court are bluffs to se
cure delay, for this is all that has in any instance
been accomplished.
Some of the gold now circulated in Spain is a
hundred years old and has just been brought out of a
long seclusion. But Spain will in, vain devote all her
gold of whatever date to winning victory. That
country is up against a very large "it."
Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont will not be permitted
to command an American naval vessel, but he is at
liberty to fit out a yacht and divert the Spanish from
serious business by giving them an opportunity to
capture it.
According to latest reports the bombardment of
San Juan was not a brilliant success. But there is
comfort in reflecting that so many reports have been
wrong.
WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE.
WHILE the war with Spain is not only making
history, but is rapidly crystallizing the nations
and the races of the globe into new combina
tions which threaten to bring about a general war, and
which will certainly so affect international politics as
to make the conditions of the political world hereafter
wide'S: different from what has prevailed in times
past, there is lying dead in England a man who
has made more history and done more to mold pop
ular sentiment than any other man of this generation.
No man, however great, is ever really necessary
to the advancing development of nations. Never
theless at this juncture there will be a wide
regret on both sides of the ocean that fate
did not , allot it to Gladstone to conduct the
affairs of Great Britain and to speak the voice
of her Parliament, her people and her throne
in declaring sympathy with the United States in the
struggle for free Cuba, and hurling defiance at the
banded despotisms of the world.
Gladstone's political career dates back to 1832. He
took part in the whole of that movement which
in the last sixty years has so widely broadened the
bounds of liberty and freedom. He stood forth
as the champion of humanity, not only in his own
country, but in Italy, in Greece, in Ireland, and lit
erally throughout the world. No heart more earnest
than his ever espoused the cause, of man, and few
statesmen ever more eloquently supported it with
tongue and pen, in Parliament, on the hustings, in the
council chamber or in the study.
The distinguishing characteristic of his intellect and
that which gave him an almost unique place among
statesmen was its openness to the light, its capacity
for growth and its candid willingness to accept the re
sults of light and growth. Nearly every other great
man has continued throughout political life to hold
to the doctrines accepted at the beginning. It was
not so with Gladstone. In his early years he
was so devout a conservative that Lord Macaulay
wrote of him as the "rising hope of the stern and
unbending Tories." His sympathies were not prim
arily on the side of the people. His liberalism was
the result of increasing wisdom and not of ar
dent enthusiasm, and yet in his old age hardly any
young man was as enthusiastic as himself in the
cause of Greece or of Ireland.
Among the great social reforms in Great Britain
with which his name is inseparably associated are the
repeal of the corn laws, the abolition of a property
qualification for members of Parliament, the exten
sion of the franchise, the disestablishment of the Irish
church and the admission of dissenters to the univer
sities. He did not succeed in doing much for Ire
land, owing to the unfortunate divisions in the ranks
of the Irish party caused by the Parnell scandal, but
he staked his political fortunes on a home rule bill
and went out of office when it was defeated.
Throughout Europe his voice was almost as
potent as at home. He helped ever}- advance of free
dom on the Continent from the days when in his
youth he pleaded not in vain the cause of the patriots
of Italy, down to the time when in Ills old age, his
voice trembling but still eloquent, rang over the
world in denunciation of the powers that left Greece
a prey to Turkey.
The lesson of such a life needs no preacher to ex
plain it. Here was a statesman who followed truth
even when it led him against the inclinations of his
sympathies and compelled him to surrender office.
The memory of such a man is an inspiration to the
world, and his death will be mourned as a loss on
both sides of the Atlantic.
THE QUARREL MflY SPREAD.
GOOD WILL between this country and France
seems to have suddenly snapped. The old
idea that rulers and princes are responsible
for war is a mistake. War grows out of feeling gen
erated and intensified among the people. Its origin
i:. most commonly in self-interest. Frenchmen hold
millions of Spanish securities. Some classes of these
are based on the Cuban and Philippine revenues. If
Spain lose these islands the securities are worthless.
Naturally French sympathy is against the United
States in a war for the purpose of taking Cuba and
the Philippines away from Spain. This antipathy is
reflected by the Parisian press, and as the people were
already on tension in the Zola ami Dreyfus affair, it
has not taken much invective to heat every collar in
France. It is significant that the fire-eating Roche
fort, who at first stood with us, has turned and is bel
lowing with the best of them for a Latin alliance and
a united front against the Anglo-Saxon. Between
Pierre Loti, the academician and philosopher, and
Henri Rochefort there is a great gulf wide enough
to hold peer, peasant and bourgeois, and all of them
seem to be in accord with the two extremes and
joined in a common bitterness against the United
States.
It seems strange that this hatred should be re
ciprocated in this country, but it is. We have only
recently celebrated the anniversary of Yorktown, and
have just built a monument to Lafayette, facing the
White House in Washington. But the ladies are in
league to quit buying French goods and the gentle
men must follow by ceasing to open French wines,
and out of all this may well come war that started
like a small fire in Spanish bonds and became a con
flagration in French millinery.
After all there is not much in historic sentiment.
The past generations did their best for their inter
ests and died and left the present to us. If the Latins
and Slavs want to combine against the Anglo-Saxon
the result may be the greatest military struggle of the
ages. With the United States and England on one
side and the rest of the world on the other there
would be a duel that would make all past history dull
reading.
If the Anglo-Saxon win in such a struggle he will
have a boundless bourne thereafter, and the other
races will pitch their tents only with his permission
and will move on when he orders it.
Our difficulty with Spain has started a ferment on
the Continent which may make war necessary to th«
Latin nations, as preferable to revolution. An appeal
to the pride of race stirs the most sluggish blood, and
Latin blood is not sluggish. The great military es
tablishments which have been maintained by the
powers will seem to the people to be paying back
their cost if they are engaged in fighting, and their
occupation may save Ministries and perhaps dynas
ties.
If the assault come it will be met with courage and
judgment. The people of the United States are not
behind any in their martial spirit, and their resources
are as abundant as their courage.
When a correspondent wishes to be impressive and
show his intimate knowledge of affairs of state he
tells of "open secrets." But this fails to impress.
There is no such thing as an open secret.
Yellow journalism has added the Duke of Fife to
its staff. The Duke will be surprised if he happens
to find it out.
THE SA3ST FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
ARE THEY AGAINST IT?
THE theory on which at kast one newspaper ad
vocate of the proposed new charter proceeds
is that it must be a good document because the
local corporations are opposed to it. No evidence
has been produced to prove this allegation. On the
contrary, there is excellent reason to believe that
some of the local corporations favor the instrument.
For instance, the telephone monopoly is satisfied with
it. That corporation is completely protected from
regulation by a grant of power which means nothing.
The water company is indifferent. The constitution
prescribes the method under which its rates shall be
regulated.
But even if the local corporations were unani
mously "against" the charter, that would not be valid
grounds for favoring it. All capitalists, we believe,
are opposed to anarchy; an unsettled condition of
affairs destroys the value of securities and interrupts
business arrangements of all kinds. Because this is
so, shall the remainder of the community go in for
anarchy? If what one set of men do or think is to
become the rule for determining the conduct of others
there is an easy way of resolving all State and muni
cipal problems. If we accept Mr. Huntington as the
especial bete noir of the commonwealth, all we need
do is to ascertain what he thinks and then adopt the
opposite view. True, there would be danger that
occasionally Huntington would fool us by pretend
ing to think one way while he was really thinking
another; but danger prevails everywhere. No man,
no State, no community, is entirely free from it.
But aside from the absurdity of reasoning in this
manner — the general adoption of which would ele
vate us to the proud distinction of being a com
munity of idiots — we violate no confidence when we
say that there is at least one corporation in this city
which favors the charter. We refer to the Sutter
Street Railway Company. For many years this cor
poration has been endeavoring to "bottle up" Bush
street. In 1885 it purchased from the Board of Su
pervisors a franchise and went to the expense of lay
ing a single track from one end of the thoroughfare
to the other. Over this road for ten years it ran a
car once a day. Finally the Supreme Court dis
pensed with the farce by declaring the franchise a
nullity. Ever since this decision was handed down
the Sutter street company has been trembling in its
boots — if a corporation has any boots and can be
said to tremble in them.
The proposed charter, however, brings the cor
poration comfort unalloyed. By loading down
street railway franchises with onerous conditions and
making their purchase difficult the instrument renders
it practically impossible for either the Market Street
or Sutro Company to invade the Sutter Street Com
pany's territory. In case anybody ever seeks to ac
quire a franchise on Bush street all the Sutter Street
Company need do will be to turn the machinery of
the charter against him and he will be undone.
We understand that the men employed on the Sut
ter street line have been requested to support the
charter on the 26th inst. As it is against their inter
ests to encourage competitive street railways which,
by failing to pay. tend to reduce salaries, it is quite
probable that they will comply. In fact, they will
probably do what the street car men throughout the
city will do. There are a sufficient number of street
car lines. All are now making money. The men
have a good thing. If it can be mnde clear to them
that the charter puts a quietus on further competition
why should they not support it unanimously ?
THE MEMORY OF WITNESSES.
IN these days, when law cases are almost innumer
able and the reports of them fill volumes enough to
constitute libraries of great magnitude, it L not often
a novel and unprecedented issue comes up in court to
perplex Judges and arouse the interest of people who
are usually indifferent to legal questions. Such a
point, however, has recently occurred in Paris and
has given rise to a good deal of discussion throughout
France.
The issue turns upon the responsibility of a witness
for his memory. In a case still pending before a
Parisian tribunal one of the witnesses met every ques
tion concerning an important point in the case with
the reply, "I do not remember." The attorney who
was endeavoring to obtain the information appealed
to the Judge to cotnpel the witness to answer, alleg
ing that the memory of the witness was so good on
other matters it was mentally impossible for it to be
lacking on the point involved.
The court took the question under advisement and
called in a committee of experts on mental diseases
to examine the witness and report as to the condition
of the defaulting memory. The experts after examin
ation came to the unanimous conclusion that the wit
ness was shamming and so' reported. The Judge
thereupon instructed the witness to answer, and when
the former reply, "I do not remember," was repeated
the witness was sent to jail to remain until memory
resumes its throne and is in good working order
again.
Witnesses who do not remember important facts
while they have very good memories for trifles are
common in all countries where law courts exist. They
are very common indeed in this country, and particu
larly so in cases involving political frauds or muni
cipal jobbery. It has been our custom to assume
that they spoke the truth when they made the familiar
reply pleading a lack of memory, and no effort as far
as we remember has ever been made by an American
Judge to test whether or no they were shamming and
lying or really suffering from a mental defect.
No one disputes that memory is a very unreliable
faculty. No man's memory is like that of another,
and, moreover, there is a marked variation at times
in the memory of each individual. Some men can
remember faces, but not names; some remember
trifles, but forget matters of important business;
some can remember what they read in a book, but not
what they see around them. All of these known
aberrations of memory tend to make us hesitate to
send to prison a witness who cannot remember having
been instructed to stuff a ballot or to pay money to
a public official
Nevertheless the check which this kind of memory
places upon the administration of law is so great as
to render it worth while in certain cases to investigate
the mental make-up of a witness before we permit
him to baffle justice by not remembering. It h
known that there are some things they do better in
France than in this country, and the thing done by
this particular Parisian court seems to be one of them.
Perhaps the late Judge Campbell was not always
dignified, but the scramble to get into his place is
totally devoid of any element of dignity. In fact it
is disgraceful and disgusting. Imagine a Gavigan as
Police Judge!
It is one thing to set a snare for the Cape Verde
fleet and a very different one to induce the fleet to
sail into it.
Considering that the garbage crematory is engaged
in burning up Examiners, the stench it creates may
be borne with patience.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Mrs. W. R. Clark of Stockton is at the
Baldwin.
General Charles Cadwallader of Red
Bluff Is at the Grand.
J. C. Bull Jr.. a contractor from Arcata,
is registered at the Lick.
Ex-Judg-e S. P. Geil of Salinas is among
the guests at the Occidental.
J. F. lsevendorf, a real estate man of
San Jose, is staying at the Grand.
E. A. Warren, a fruit commission mer
chant of Chico, is registered at the Lick,
with his wife.
Jefferson Snyder, a prominent citizen of
Reading, Pa., is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
Ms. C. C. Crow and her son. Paul B.
Crow of Crows Landing, are among the
arrivals at the California.
Captain E. S. Morine of Irvington, who
is interested largely in Alaskan transpor
tation, is a guest at the Palace.
George O. Wentworth of Chicago, W. P.
Hussey of Indianapolis and William H.
Carew of New York are registered at the
Baldwin.
Thomas Morrisson, a well known law
yer of Chicago, and E. B. Yerrington, a
mining man of Carson City, Nev., is reg
istered at the Palace.
Dr. O. L. Barton, a Sacramento physi
cian, who owns some valuable mining
property in Auburn, and P. Musto, a
Stockton merchant, are at the Grand.
The patriotic
utterance of the
stable keeper who
ordered his host
ler to currycomb
a horse with the
strict Injunction,
"Don't forget the
PATRIOTISM
APPLIED TO
EATING.
mane, has been duplicated by a South
Side restaurant proprietor of Teutonic
extraction, who is undoubtedly loyal to
the country of his adoption. He has dis
played a sign in his show window which
roads as follows:
Is otis.— Dere vill be no 'spinich* served
at my dables until der present wax Is
ofer."
Whether the "spinich" refers to i~« veg
etable of that name or to the natives of
the country now at war with our glori
ous United States is left to the imagina
tion of the reader, but it is possible that
both articles are eliminated from the sa
cred precincts of the aforesaid chop
house.
A chef at one of our downtown hotels,
who is nothing if not patriotic, has cut
the description "A la Spanish" on his bill
of fare, and has substituted "A la Creole"
in its stead. The menu reads among
other things, "Tripe a la Creole," "Beef
a la ditto," etc., and woe betide the wait
er who calls for an order for those dishes
in the old way. It is considered sufficient
cause for instant dismissal.
Tho chef, just before the declaration of
hostilities, bought a case of olives, the
bottles being labeled "Spanish olives."
He opined that it would be traitorous to
1 display these on the tables, but as they
j were somewhat expensive and he did not
care to destroy them on that account, he
at last hit upon the happy idea of remov
ing the original labels and substituting
new ones, which now read, "California
olives"— this action in itself a sort of re
taliatory measure for the practice of the
foreign labeling of our California goods.
A. W. Bailey, who has resigned the
management of the Coronado Beach
Hotel, is at the Palace accompanied by
his wife. They are about to return to
their home in Denver.
B. T. McCullough, an extensive cattle
raiser of Crows Landing, Is at the Grand.
He is in the city on business connected
■with the shipping of a quantity of live
stock to the Sandwich Islands.
Colonel I* S. Babbitt, Chief Ordnance
Officer of Benicla,- under whose direction
the fortifications in this harbor were con
structed, has joined the military contin
gent now registered at the Occidental.
Peter Kelly Jr. and wife were among
those who registered at the Palace yes
terday. Mr. Kelly has been connected
with the Custom House for a number of
years, and the couple, who have just been
joined in wedlock, will spend their honey
moon at the Yosemlte.
A Raymond excursion party registered
at the Palace yesterday afternoon. The
party consisted of Dr. S. Butler Grimes
of Baltimore, Arthur W. Tryon and wife
of Windsor, Conn.. Edward Crary and
■wifo of Hartford, Conn., and the Misses
M. :m<l A. Hochhalter of New York City.
W. H. Snedaker of the Rio Grande and
Western Railway reports that quite an oil
industry has sprung into existence near
Hanford, forty miles west of Goshen, In
this State. One well produces 100 barrels
and a second 300 barrels dally. The oil is
superior to the Pennsylvania article for
illuminating purposes. There are a num
ber of smaller wells and the total output
is some 20,000 barrels monthly.
DEWEY'S VICTORY.
Oh, de Spaniards blow, en brag, en blus
ter
'Twell Dewey come en jerked his duster,
En away,
Dat day
Went de Spanish ships forever!
Dey's some folks tell him: "Wait 'twell
Monday."
But he knocked 'em all six ways for Sun
day!
En away,
Dat day
Went de Spanish ships forever!
Oh, Dewey come, en he crops up quiet,
Dcii tun loose In a mighty riot,
En away,
Dat day
Went de Spanish ships forever!
He tol* 'em all dat he boun' t«r git 'em—
Never knowed whut de devil hit em!
En away,
(Hooray!)
"Went de Spanish ships forever!
—Frank L. Stanton in the Atlanta Con-
i __^______ - _____ \ \
NEWSPAPER WAR SERVICE.
"Nobody believes a word that he reads
in the newspapers." This is a remark
which was made by a prominent Boston
ian at a public dinner a few weeks ago.
It is hardly worth noticing, it so utterly
lacks sense and discrimination; but a
striking event has happened since it was
spoken which should check similar fool
ish remarks from leaving the lips of those
who attribute dishonest journalism to
"the newspapers" without excepting the
honest papers. Commodore Dewey won
a brilliant victory on the other side of
the world last Sunday morning, and on
Monday every home in America was told
about it. It was all the work of "the
newspapers." The President, the Navy
Department and the Board of Naval
Strategy had not a word about that bat
tle except what "the newspapers" told
them.— Boston Journal.
BOOSE VELT'S SPEECH.
A. M. Colville, who has Joined Theodore
Roosevelt's rough riders, says in a letter
to a friends in Topeka:
"It is harder to get a place as private
in this regiment than it is to get a colo
nelcy in Kansas. Colonel Roosevelt mar^
us a speech in Washington and stated
that we would have to go wherever we
were sent, that whatever we were ordered
to do we would hftve to obey orders.
Colonel RoosevHt stated that he was very
desirous of going soon to Cuba. He told
us that if the horses died we would have
to go on foot, and if the yellow fever
broke out we would have to stay with ii,
and after such speech there was not a
person scared out. and all enlisted."—To
peka State Journal.
A BEGIMENT OF PAINTEBS.
The Amalgamated Painters' and Dec
orators' Union of New York has decided
to organize a regiment if It gets encour
agement from Oovernor Black. A meeting
of the organization was held a few days
aeo, and a resolution was passed to offer
to Governor Black the services of a regi
ment, 1000 strong, raised mainly from tne
membership of the union to be drilled
and equipped at once. Enlistment blanks
were prepared, and. after the meeting,
two of the members who had been ap
pointed a committee to enroll volunteers
were kept hard at work for a couple of
hours. Among the members of this union
are veterans of the last war from botn
the Union and Confederate armies and
these shook hands before the enrollment
began, and pledged themselves to make
common cause in support of the nation.—
New York Times.
THE NEW CHARTER AND THE
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Cyril Williams has fully justified his
estimate of increased expenditures under
the new charter, but, like the Mayor, he
has omitted the larger part of salaries
and expenditures not specifically provid
ed for in the charter, and which ought
to be included in a statement made for
the instruction of the citizens. The
Mayor, for example, puts down the in
creased expenditure made necessary by
the creation of the Board of Public
Works at $13,800, which is simply the sal
aries of the Commissioners and their sec
retary. The officials now employed by
the city are doubtless sufficient for the
work now done, but an increased staff
must be provided for the new duties for
which the board has been created; in
fact, without a largely increased appro
priation the board will certainly be pow
erless.
In the first place, the charter enacts
(page SB, section I) that the Board of Pub
lic Works "shall" devise a general sys
tem of drainage, which "shall" embrace
all matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
city and county. This alone is a large
duty. Marsden Manson is reported as
stating that it will involve the expendi
ture of four millions.
Secondly— The charter enacts (page 89,
section 1) that the board control the har
bor and water front, which now belong
or may hereafter belong to the city and
county; to build and repair wharves; to
collect tolls, etc.
Thirdly— To build and repair all the
schools, hospitals and public buildings of
the city.
Fourthly— The charter epacts (page 124,
section I) that the Supervisors within one
year must procure, through the City En
gineer, appointed by the Board of Works,
(page 55, section II), plans and estimates
of the actual cost of the original con
struction and completion of water works,
gas works, electric light works, steam,
water or electric power works, telephone
lines, street railroads and such other
public utilities as the Supervisors may
designate; they must further procure and
place on file plans and estimates of the
cost of obtaining from all of the several
available sources, a sufficient and perma
nent supply of good, pure water, and af
ter such plans and estimates shall have
been procured and filed the Supervisors
must solicit and consider offers for the
sale to the city of existing utilities. Now
the Supervisors, through the Board of
Works, must order plans* for bringing
down water from the Sierras, from Clear
Lake and other sources, which plans will
cost many hundred thousand dollars, and
until this is done they cannot even nego
tiate with the owners of existing utilities.
In order to do this vast work the Board
of Works is given power (page 52, sec
tion III) to employ such clerks, superin
tendents, inspectors, engineers, survey
ors, deputies, architects and workmen a3
shall be necessary to a proper discharge
of these duties, and to fix their compen
sation. And there is no restriction what
ever on their salaries and numbers, no
enforcement of civil service rules; and
the only stipulation is that no compen
sation f<"hall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employment, and for neg
lect of this there is no possible penalty.
This power of the Board of Works is,
moreover, absolute, for when power is
specially given by charter to an executive
body to make appointments and fix sala
ries without limit or control, the taxing
power is compelled to pay them. Such is
the ruling of the highest courts. Adopt
this charter and a machine will be cre
ated which may rival Tammany in cor
ruption, politics and waste.
It is evident that an army of employes
will be required to fulfill these new and
important functions, and a question of a
million may be rightly added to the esti
mate. The authors of this charter have
thus made it quite impossible to limit
taxation to one dollar, and it is evident
that this provision was put in to catch
votes and to deceive the citizens. The
effect of its adoption will be to create
emergency for debt, and the issue of
bonds will become a necessity. Perhaps
this is the intention.
J. H. STALLARD.
NEW CHABTER VACATIONS.
Wednesday, May 18, 3598.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: In i
an editorial in your yesterday's issue,.!
entitled, "A Text from the Charter." you
perhaps unwittingly do the proposed
charter an injustice, in misinterpreting i
the meaning of section 33 of article XVI, j
which provides that "No deputy, clerk or I
other employe of the city and county |
shall be paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service." It is not
true, as stated in that editorial, that un- j
der that section "a fireman disabled at ;
his post of duty will suffer the loss of his |
pay while his bones mend or his burns j
heal." By referring to section 3 of chap- |
ter 11, article IX, under the head "Fire j
Department," you will find it specifically i
provided that "when any officer, mem
ber or employe of the department shall !
become temporarily disabled by reason
of injuries received while in the actual
performance of his duty, the Commis- j
eioners shall allow his salary dnVins th.
continuance of such temporary disabil
ity." The provision of the proposed char
ter criticised in your editorial was intend- j
ed to apply, and does apply, to that class
Of deputies, clerks and employes, large j
numbers of whom are temporarily em- j
ployed by certain officials (notably by the
Auditor, Tax Collector and Assessor) for ;
certain brief periods, and who have in '
times past In many Instances received ]
credit dv corrupt officials for services ;
they never rendered, for the purpose of |
"giving the boys a job." Immense sums I
or money have been squandered by this
manner of "doing politics."
It would Indeed be doing a grave injus- •
tice to the proposed charter to interpret |
B«ction 33 as applying to the regular force |
of deputies, clerks and employes in the '
various departments who are employed i
on annual salaries. I have pointed out j
how It was misapplied to the Fire Depart
ment. The same is true of the School De
partment, where the teachers are em
ployed at annual salaries, with reference
to the fact that vacations are not only
essential and necessary but have become \
so well and universally understood to be ;
a part of the school year that their an- '
mial employments are made with refer
ence to them, and without any allusion j
ever being made to them. Respectfully.
I. GL'TTE.
WHERE TROOPS GATHERED.
Tampa 1b one long street. It begins at ;
the railway station and stretches for four I
miles to where the camp now Is. The !
stores are like frontier stores in the West i
and the Middle North, with local differ- j
ences. The leisurely quality of the South- ]
erner asserts itself. Their stock is a j
strongly shifting thing, like a geological
period. Fashions with them are not mer
curial. At this time of the year each j
elder comes out in his same old palm-leaf
hat of the year gone by. The men do not
even shave once a day, but when you buy
a coat from that Southern gentleman be
hind the counter you feel sure that he is
only paving his beard for a clipping on i
Saturday night, and will look clean and \
honest before his best girl on Sunday. |
They don't work much, these men and :
women of Tampa, but they are not!
ushnmed when they do. I remember one;
estimable woman Hitting on her veranda i
entertaining a caller, while all the" time'
she squirted a hose here and there about i
her little front yard, a very practical {
fancy work.
The one street is all sand— all except a j
few patches of cedar block pavement. '
The side streets lead to more sand, the i
alleys to sand. One trolley line keeps a i
boy only to sweep sand from the tracks, |
and the boy earns his salary. The wheels !
of the Government wagons sink to the ■
spokes in sand; your shoes shod sand
when you kick them off at night. It's
a dusty sand, too. Perhaps that's why,
for a town of its size, Tampa rejoices in ;
bo many boot polishers.— New York Com- ;
mercial Advertiser.
BATES WILL BE LOW.
Governor Black of New York has signed
the bill requiring 500-mlle tickets at 2
cents a mile to be sold by all railroads
In which the regular local fare is higher
than that rate, and not over 3 cents;
thus, by a single stroke, reducing the
fare for a good share of the passenger
trips of all important roads in the State,
except the main line oi the New York
Central. The law requires the railroads
to accept these tickets from the pur
chaser's family and employes, thus mak
ing them practically good for any person
nrVentins them, so that in many locali
ties scalpers will be able to use them, If
they fed it worth while to take the neces
sary pains to avoid being arrested for
violating the law prohibiting brokerage
in tickets. This law is simply a severer
application of the revenue reduction em
bodied in the 1000-mile tirket law of two
veara ago. and by reducing the minimum
expenditure from $20 to $10 it may eas ly
double the number of 2-cent rides sold.
The Erie road contested the constitution
ality of the law. and its suit Is now pend
ing' in the Court of Appeals. It is fair
to presume that this new Inw Will also
be fought unless its validity is settled by
the suit already be.erun.
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
Duzzey— l hear that your brother had
several of his fingers cut off the other
day. .
Doohey— So he did.
Duzzey— How are they getting on?
Doohey— They're not getting on at all;
they're off for good.
It is said that one of the most extra
ordinary things about frog-music is the
fact that the frog keeps his mouth closed
when he is singing.
"Think of it!" said the girl in brown,
as she put down the paper. "He gave her
a kiss and she sued him for damages." .
The girl in blue was very properly
shocked.
"The idea of asking payment for accept
ing a luxury!" she exclaimed.
An Indiana editor refers to "these try
ing martial times." Evidently our friend
is suffering from domestic as well as for
eign conflict.— St. Paul Pioneer Press.
The Idler— \. hat became of that cattle
car you invented?
The Inventor— l couldn't get the rail
roads to take any stock in it. — Cincinnati
Enquirer.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE — Z., Sonoma
County, Cal. For information about the
woman's suffrage movements in this city
at this time address Mrs. A. A. Sargent.
Thirteenth and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
LOST IN ALASKA— A Relative, City.
If you desire to obtain information other
than has been published in The Call
about the disaster in the Chilcoot Pass
address a letter of inquiry to "The Chair
man of the Executive Committee, Sheeps
Camp, Alaska."
THE UNIVERSITY— OakIander, Oak
land, Cal. For information about admis
siqn to the University of California go to
the libraries in your city and consult the
register of the University of California.
which contains all the information on
that subject. Or you might communicate
with the recorder of the university.
CUBA— Student, Oakland, Cal. If your
purpose is to inform yourself as to events
in the history of Cuba since the recent
revolution there, you will find such in
formation in the Daily News Almanac
and Political Register for 1896 and subse
quent years. This is published by the
Chicago Daily News, and is found in the
libraries'.
THE FIGHT AT CARSON— L. R. Q.,
City. It is impossible to answer the ques
tion "How much did Fltzslmmons weigh
when he entered the ring in his fight with
Corbett at Carson City, Nev.?" for the
reason that he was not weighed. Some
of his attendants have said that just be
fore that time Fitzsimmons weighed, in
ring costume, 170 pounds. That is the best
information obtainable on that point.
FORAKER- Two Buckeyes, City. J. B.
Foraker was twice a candidate for the
office of Governor of Ohio. He ran in
18S5, when he was elected, and again in
18S9, when he was defeated. At the first
election he had for opponents George
Hoadly, Democrat; A. B. Leonard, Pro
hibitionist, and J. Northrup, Greenback.
At the second election his opponents were
J. E. Campbell. Democrat, who was elect
ed; J. B. Helwig, Prohibitionist, and J.
H. Rhodes, United Labor.
MISS OR MRS.— F. H., Alameda, Cal.
A decree of divorce that allows a di
vorced woman to resume her maiden
name gives her the right to drop the
name of her once husband and again take
her parents' name. That is to say. Miss
Mary Brown marries John Jones, she, by
law, becomes Mrs. Mary Jones and by
custom she is called Mrs. John Jones. If
she obtains a divorce and is allowed to
resume her maiden name she becomes
plain Mary Jones, and cannot properly
take the title of "Miss," for she is no
longer such, nor can she take the title
of "Mrs.," as she is no longer a married
woman.
CHINESE— J. W. 8., City. A native of
C.-.na born of Mongolian parents cannot
become a citizen of the United States,
consequently, "if so disposed, he cannot
vote In the State of California," nor in
any other State. Still a native of China
can vote in the United States, if born of
white parerjts and he becomes a natural
ized citizen, or If born to American par
ents while traveling In China or while
temporarily residing there, as, for In
stance, the sons of American officials
born in China while the father was a
resident there in an official capacity. In
dividuals born in California of Mongolian
parents have been permitted to vote on
the ground that they are natives of the
United States.
YANKEE-J. H. X., City. There Is no
certainty as to the origin of the word
Yankee. It is generally believed to be
an Indian corruption of "English."
Thierry says that it is a corruption of
the Dutch word Jankle, a diminutive of
John, and that it was a nickname given
by the Dutch colonists of New York to
their neighbors in Connecticut settle
ments. Aubry says that It is derived
from the Cherokee word "Chankke,"
which means "coward," "slave." This
epithet was applied to the people of the
New England States by the Virginians
for not assisting them in a war with the
Cherokees. Another version is that the
word got into general use in the following
manner: In 1713 one Jonathan Hastings,
a farmer In Cambridge, used the word as
a puffing epithet, meaning genuine Ameri
can-made, that which cannot be sur
passed, such as Yankee horse. Yankee
cider, etc. The students at Cambridge
called Hastings "Yankee Jonathan." It
soon spread and became the pet name of
the New Englander. Since then the term
has been applied to any American of the
Northern States.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend's.*
Robert Rembrandt Hill lectures on "As
trology" to-night, Franklin Hall, Bush
and Fillmore; 25c. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1u42. •
TRUTH IN NUTSHELLS.
About the best way to get even with a
man is to pay what you owe him.
When a couple are matched but not
mated It is a sort of friction match.
A young widow's health usually Im
proves when her physician gets married.
Any man who can save money during:
his engagement can afford to marry the
girl.
After a woman reaches a certain age
she never mentions it.
It is easy to walk the tight-rope of so
ciety if you have a good Bank balance.
The other half gets all the happiness
out of marriage that the better half puts
in.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars: tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths. meal 3 and trip through tho
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 633 Market St.. 8. F.
The moßt efficacious stimulant to sharpen the
appetite Is Dr. sikgeht's Axgostora Bitters.
Don't accept an Imitation.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures Constipation and
indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, worit and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
ba«k. At No Percentage PharmacyYELLOW IN ITS BUSINESS METHODS, TOO
How the "Circulation" of the Examiner Goes Up in
Crematory Smoke.
HOW MERCHANTS ARE SWINDLED.
Wagon-Loads oi That Paper Printed, Only
to Be Burned Almost as Soon as
Off the Press.
The secret of the Examiner's alleged circula
tion has been uncovered. From one to two tons
of the papers struck off by the Examiner's
presses at 4 o'clock in the morning are burned
in the garbage crematory before noon of the
same day at a cost to the paper of 20 cents per
cubic yard. Evidence of these facts is given
herewith for the purpose of revealing to the pub
lic the shameless— and costly— subterfuges which
this yellow sheet is forced to adopt in its attempt
to deceive the public and bunko the business por=
tion of the community,
Oath is regularly made to the Examiner's cir=
culation. !t is guilty not alone of swindling by
methods everywhere condemned as dishonest,
but becomes a direct violator of a law enacted
several years ago at its own solicitation. It
claims to reach thousands more than ever see it,
and on this claim bases its value as an advertis
ing medium and boasts of its influence. The fact
has been brought to light that many Examiners
are printed only to be burned; that they never
leave the pressroom until they are dumped into
an ash cart and taken to the garbage crema
tory; that they ar& printed solely to swell "cir
culation," and that they are burned the day
they are printed. The Examiner management
does not even dave dispose of its surplus papers
by weight, but insists that they be utterly de
stroyed and that everybody concerned in the
operation maintain the strictest secrecy.
In boasting of its large circulation
and periodically swearing to it the Ex
aminer neglects to specify that it sends
daily thousands of copies to the garb- j
age crematory. These, being counted j
in the circulation, give it that swollen !
aspect in which the yellow tail of Fake
dom, taking pride, wags itself joyously.
There can be no fault found with the
fact that the Examiner is treated as
garbage. If the process were only
sweeping and complete it would repre
sent an absolute virtue. But some
copies are permitted to escape the puri
fying fire and such as do get carted
away as trash are seriously reckoned
THE EXAMINER ABOUT TO BEGIN ACHIEVING ITS DAILY CIRCULATION.
[From a Photograph Taken Specially for Th« Call]
when figures are being made up for the
delusion of an absent proprietor and
bait to the advertiser. Therefore an
exposure of the methods of the confi
dence game has been undertaken in a
dispassionate effort to protect the pub
lic.
To digress pleasantly, may not th**
burning of Examiners at the crematory
account in large measure for the nox
ious smell which has wrought grievous
pain to the Mission nose? This sug
gestion is thrown in for what it Is
worth, and it may be worth something.
The incineration of foulness is certain
to produce fumes not of Araby the
blest. That the Examiner is foul there
is no question. That it is being regu
larly incinerated there will hereafter be
no question. However, even If this
phase of the subject be of scientific In
terest it is a side issue and must not
be permitted to detract from the main
point. The main point is that a large
part of the circulation of the Examiner
circulates through the medium of an
ash wagon.
It is not to be supposed that the
driver of the wagon was communica
tive.
He frankly stated that he dare not be
communicative. He did not loosen up
as does the Prince of Wales when ap
proached by a "special commissioner."
He was far more reticent than the
Queen Regent when she was requested
by the same special commissioner to
lay bare her inmost thoughts so he i
could get space rates on them. But he
did admit that he hauled the papers
every day but Sunday, and on Monday
got a double dose of them. Necessity
arose for finding out the exact truth.
Strict orders had been given the drivers
to say nothing. They all knew that to
reveal the secrets of their calling would
be to lose a job which, while it Involv
ed the task of handling the Examiner
and other offal, still meant an honest
living. So the drivers were not pressed
to tell.
Representatives of The Call were de
tailed to find the truth, and they found
it. Knowing that a garbage wagon
stopped at the Examiner building daily
and there obtained a load of sworn cir
culation, they waited for the wagon.
They waited a long time, but at last
were rewarded. The wagon came, and
out of the basement began to rise an
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
array of bundles, wrapped in heavy pa
per, compact; to the practiced eye
plainly containing newspapers folded in
the shape they are turned out by the
press. Yet this was not positive evi
dence. Supposing the Examiner were
to claim that the bundles were of waste
paper, the natural accumulation of a
printing office, that they were made up
of exchanges and of returned copies.
The moral certainty that the Examiner
had been engaged in a wanton case of
swindling was not enough. It was de
sired to make the conviction beyond
cavil. Therefore the contents of a bun
dle had to be seen.
Vain efforts were made to purchase a
bundle. The driver had his orders
neither to sell nor to open a package.
It had been ascertained from a gentle
man who shall be nameless that the
bundles contained Examiners, fresh
yellow Examiners. He had seen a
bundle opened as It was on its way to
the furnace and been surprised to ob
serve that the papers it held were of
the date of the day the bundle fell un
der his eye. In other words, papers
turned off the press one morning are in
ashes by noon of the same day. The
investigators desired to know if this
was the ordinary rule. At this point
there seemed only one course. It was
violent seizure and quick escape. There
are no apologies to be offered for this;
the end justified the means. It was far
different from the Examiner style of
stealing a paper from the press-room
of a contemporary for the purpose of
taking the news from its columns.
So one of the reporters rose to the
dignity of special commissioner and
borrowed from one bundle about fifty
copies of the Examiner. The use of the
term "borrowed" Is deliberate, for the
papers may be had back for the ask-
ing. No newspaper man would take
fifty Examiners with any serious idea
of keeping them.
Yesterday was May IS, 1898. It was
the noon hour when the papers were
secured. They all bore date of May 18,
1898. For fear some question might
arise about this The Call thoughtfully
had the papers photographed. The pic
ture Is presented herewith, together
with others which have a bearing on
the situation.
While the driver manifested proper
signs of displeasure at the disappear
ance of a small part of his load, and
audibly expressed regret, he too-k what
was left and went on his way. He was
followed to the crematory, and an ar
tist got a useful snapshot or two at
the wagon still piled high with Ex
aminer circulation. A reporter saw the
circulation dumped Into the immense
receivers just over the furnaces.
There was no mistaking the bright
hues distinguishing the first page of
the sheet. There had been some other
debris in the bottom of the wagon, but
though all emptied in one mass,
through it all gleamed the tell-tale
colors, showing every paper to be the
same date.
Then the reporter paid a visit to the
long passage-way beneath the re
ceivers, where nine men were raking
the dumpings into the yawning holes
leading to the furnace. Examiners
went in by dozens, scores, hundreds.
So rapidly did they disappear that no
estimate of their number could be
made. Thus is circulation acquired.
and the fires of the reduction works
fed. The foreman was asked for a
bundle, but he was as firm as the
driver had been In not giving it, ex
plaining that such an act would be
against the rules of the company, but
he suggested that the superintendent
be seen about it. The superintendent
was seen.
The important position of superin
tendent is held by P. E. Sharon. He
listened to the request and refused
point blank.
"We are paid for burning those pa
pers," he said, "and I would be betray
ing a trust to give you any. If you
were to offer me a dollar apiece I would
not let you have them. If the Exami
ner people wanted to sell the papers
they could get a good price for them,
but they want the papers burned so as
to prevent their being scattered about
the country."
AN ANSWER TO A QUESTION.
THs is a copy of a statute which mainly through the efforts of
the Examiner became a law:
Section 538 of the Penal Code of Cali
fornia:
MISREPRESENTATION OF NEWSPA
PER CIRCULATION A MISDEMEANOR.
Every proprietor or publisher of any news
paper or periodical who shall willfully and
knowingly misrepresent the circulation of
such newspaper or periodical, for the pur
pose of securing advertising or other pat
ronage, shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor.
On this particular phase of the matter there appears no neces
sity for comment. Any reader can ask whether the proprietor or
publisher of the Examiner is or is not a criminal by the terms of
this statute, and can answer the question. A glance at the accom
panying exhibits might have effect in aiding to a correct conclusion.
Asked what he received for the de
struction of the papers he replied that
that was a private business affair be
tween the newspaper and the corpora
tion he represented. He did admit,
however, that 20 cents per cubic yard
was the regular charge.
"How l.^iny cubic yards did that
wagon hold?"
•He answered that it held about eight,
but qualified this by adding that it had
only part of a load — about half a ton.
"If the Ex; miner people wanted us
to dispose of the papers in some other
way," he raid, "we could sell them
readily at $6 per ton."
Circulation by the cubic yard.
Circulation by the ton.
And all sworn to.
And the superfluous papers not to be
sold. An incinerated yellow daily tells
no tales. It was recognition of this
truth which impelled the capture of
some of them before they had lost their
power to give information.
It was learned at the works that they
had been burning Examiners there ever
since they were open for business, this
information merely confirming that
which had already been found out from
other sources.
There : s now the possibility that the
Examiner, caught In the act, will as
sert that the material burned was
something else, but the claim will be
idle. It is true that there is waste
paper in every ] blishing office, but it
goes out in bulky bales very different
from the neatly tied bundles which
leave the Examiner office daily. It is
true that there are a certain number
of "returns. " but they do not reach to
the thousands seven times a week, and
moreover, the sworn statement of the
Examiner sets forth explicitly the
amount of "returns."
The evidence that the Examiner has
deliberately deceived the public for the
purpose of getting more of the public's
money is incontrovertible. The duty
of exposing: its rascality has been un
dertaken because one purpose of a re
spectable journal is to protect the com
munity. Much has been borne from
yellow journalism. It has lied in large
type greatly to the common annoyance.
But the public has not suspected the
true deeps to which this form of crime
has fallen. It has sometimes wondered
that it could claim an increasing cir
culation. It did not dream that the cir
culation was being acquired for the ex
pense of white paper ami the burning
of it at 20 cents a cable yard.
Experts are now trying to figure out
how many Examiners are printed daily
for the purpose of being sworn into the
circulation and then carted to the fur
nace. The task is one of difficulty. To
estimate circulation by the cubic yard,
or even by the ton is a process in which
few have had experience. However
there Is hope of a definite result before
iong.
One man who formerly drove the cir
culation ash cart stated that he some
times had to make two trips a day to
get all the papers the Examiner desired
put out of the way. Supposing the
wagon can safely hold a ton, here's
two tons of circulation. No wonder the
totals rise to the magnificent. If white
ONE OF THE LOADS OF JOURNALISTIC GARBAGE ENTERING THE CREMATORY.
IFrom a Photograph Taken Specially tor The Call.] __. i
paper holds out and the crematory con
tinue in operation it may be expected
that the Examiner will shortly claim
to have reached the 200,000 mark. In
quiry develops the capacity of the
crematory to be equal to the consump
tion of this many, and at 20 cents a
cubic yard there would be money in it.
EXAMINER STEALING.
It Palmed Off a Map of the
Klondike as Its Own and Is
Sued for the Theft
Since the Examiner, after a notable ex
posure, quit stealing copies of The Call
from The Call's press rooms for the pur
pose of cribbing the news, it has satisfied
its predatory instincts by stealing the
news in other ways • and from other
sources, latterly it has appeased its pi
ratical instincts by pirating maps of the
Klondike diggings and the approaches
thereto. Yesterday A. L.. McDonald of
the publishing firm of A. 1... McDonald &
Co. began suit in the United States Dis
trict Court against W. R. Hearst of New
York and elsewhere to recover $82,729,; as
damages for infringement on a copyright
held by the plaintiff.
The complaint is terse and comprehen
sive. It recites that the plaintiff has
brought the action for the Government as
well as for himself, the damages being
equally divided between the Government
and himself.
The allegation Is made that the plaintiff
obtained a copyright for a map of the
Yukon gold belt, and that the defendant,
through his agents, "reproduced and pi-
THE BUNDLE RESCUED FROM THE FURNACE, SHOWING THE DATE.
[Prom a Photograph Taken Specially for The Call.]
rated" the map in the Sunday edition of
the San Francisco Examiner on August
Tl. 1S!)T. and sold copies of the same to the
great damage of the business of the com
plainant. _____ ._»____________.
Labor Against the Charter.
Union Labor League will liold a mass
i meeting at Scottish Hall next Saturday
I evening at 8 o'clock for the purpose of
j passing resolutions against the proposed
new charter. The league at present is
HERE IS THE WAY EXAMINER CIRCULATION BECOMES GENERAL
[From a Photograph Take n Specially for The Call.]
composed of three divisions. No. 1 is pre
sided over by Thomas Eagan; No. 2 by
Henry Spear, and No. 3 by Timothy Sul
livan. New divisions will be organized.
The members of the league are strenu
ously opposed to the new charter and
propose making a strong fight against it.
Prominent speakers will address the
meeting.
The Marble Cutters and Polishers'
Union is indignant at a statement in the
Examiner to the effect that it had deter
mined to vote as a body for the charter.
James McCarthy said on behalf of the
union last night that the matter had not
been formally dismissed, but that from
personal observation he believed that the
members unanimously distrusted the in
strument.
Shewbridge Had a Pistol.
Peter Shewbrldge, a blacksmith, was
locked up in the Seventeenth street sta
tion last night, charged with carrying a
concealed weapon and also with dis
charging firearms within the city limits.
Shewbridge. with other Jovial compan
ions, was in a saloon at the corner of
Seventeenth ar.d Mission streets, when
for fonie reason not yet ascertained he
discharged his gun. The report was heard
at the station, and Officers Crackburn
and Connolly wer^ sent out by Acting
Lieutenant Heggerty to ascertain the
cause. They returned with Shewbrldg©
and locked him up. The pistol was warm
when found in his pocket.
ONE RIDE TO OLD OCEAN.
Electric Cars Soon to Run From the
Ferry to the Cliff House.
The last steel rail for the new electric
car line of the Market Street Railway Sys
tem, connecting the ferries and Fourth
and Townsend streets with the Cliff.
House, was laid yesterday, and within the
next ten days or two weeks the manage
ment hopes to have cars running to th»
ocean beach.
The railroad company has been delayed
in changing from a steam to an electric
road that part of the line from Tenth to
Fourteenth avenue, on Haight street, as
the city is putting in a six-foot sewer.
Beyond this point to the ocean terminus a
double track of sixty-flve-pound st el rails
is already laid, the track partly ballasted
and in excellent condition. As soon as the
sewer is laid a second track will be con
tinued to Stanyan street, where one track
already connects with the down town car
line. Over 180 workmen are employed la
the reconstruction. The work Is being
done under the supervision of Superin
tendent of Construction H. H. Lynch and
General Foreman Thomas Eapan, who
have rushed it along in a most creditable
manner.
The five new stations, made from the
old waiting room at the Haight street en
trance to Golden Gate Park, are all ia
their new locations along; the line and
resplendent in new coats of paint. Each
has an individual name. The first sta
tion after passing the Haight street en
trance to trie park is at Fourteenth ave
nue, the foot of Strawberry Hill, and is
called "Huntlngton Falls.'" The second
station, at Twenty-fourth avenue, is "Lit
tle Lake;" the third, at Fortieth avenue,
is "Chain of Lakes;" the fourth, at the
curve near the ocean beach, is "Observa
tory," and the fifth, at the south side of
the tunnel and close to the United States
Life Saving Station, is "Boulevard."
These stations will be regular stopping
places for all who wish to get off or on.
For the purpose of handling the heavy
Sunday traffic to the Cliff House and
ocean beach three of the heavy observa
tion cars formerly in use are being fitted
up with powerful electric motors, and will
be used to haul three or four trailers, as
the traffic may require. It is expected
that the time from the ferries to the
ocean will be made in forty-five minutes.
There will be no cinders with the electrio
line.
Near Observatory Station at the ocean
beach the South driveway leaves the
Ocean boulevard in Golden Gate Park and.
paspes through a wide tunnel under the
electric tracks to the beach sands.
Columbia Concert Hall
Will reopen at 215 Montgomery avenue
th*s evening, under the management of
Irvin Baruch. Thoroughly refitted as a
first-class family resort. The attractions
will consist of a ladies' orchestra, How
ard and Burdock (direct from the Or
pheum), the great Elwood, Alice Comp
ton (famous soprano), the ever-popular
M. FedaJma and others. •
78
NURSES TO
GO WITH THE
SOLDIERS
Trained Men Are to
Care for the
Wounded.
A STATE RED CROSS SOCIETY
THE CALIFORNIA ORGANIZA
TIONS TO AMALGAMATE,
Generous Subscriptions to the Fund
Being Received — There Will Be
Much Relief Work to
Be Done.
A corps of about twenty-five trained
nurses will go with the invading army to
the Philippines. Major White, who will
be in command of the medical force of the
Manila army, has asked the Red Cross So
ciety to supply and equip that number
and arrangement* will be made to send
them on the transports that will carry
the soldiers. The nurses will be obliged
to enlist with the volunteers and they will
be under the direction of the army of
ficers. They will, however, be excused
from the regular drills and their duties
will b« in the permanent or field hospitals.
Only strong able-bodied men are wanted
and they must be experienced in the care
of the sick and wounded.
The Red Cross Society's hospital at the
Presidio camp contained thirteen patients
yesterday. One of them was laid up with
a fractured ankle, one had measles and
another was laid up with a severe case
of tonsllltls. Three experienced nurses
who have volunteered their services to the
society are caring for the sick men.
Delegates from the various Red Crosa
organizations in the Sfate will meet this
afternoon at the Occidental Hotel for the
purpose of forming a State organization.
This step is being taken so that all who
have become identified with the work of
the Red Cross can work in harmony and
produce the most good. A central body
will be formed with executive functions
and they will work In conjunction with
the medical officers of the army.
The two battalions that arrived yester
day from Oregon were met at the ferries
by a committee from the Red Cross rio
ciety who provided a substantial lunch ci
sandwiches and hot coffee when they
stepped from the ferry that carried them
across the bay. The committee was com
posed of Mrs. W. H. Mills, Miss McKeown
and Mrs. c. R. Winslow. The lunch was
a great bracer to the men for their long
march to the camp at the Presidio and
the soldiers were profuse in their thanks
for the kindness shown them.
Many comfort bags are being received
at the Red Cross depot at 1G Post street.
The bags are made of denim, and they
contain buttons, thread, needles, pins and
safety pins. When open the bags are
about seven Inches long and two wide.
They are made t>> fold double, with a lap
and button to h"ld them closed. Coarse
needles are the best to put with them, as
men at host are never good sewers, and
It would be a difficult matter tor the sol
diers to thread a fine needle.
Subscriptions are being received In a
most satisfactory manner at the Red
Cross Society's headquarters in the Claus
Spreckeis building. Festerday the fund
nearly reached the $15,000 mark, and the
collectors of the organization say they
are just beginning. When the movement
was first started the society believed it
would have only about sO*) troops to care
for. but now they have over 13.0"0 in sight
that will to a great extent look to The
organization to provide them with the
comforts that the Government does not
supply. There is also a possibility that
the number In view may be doubled. It
Is said that the Pennsylvania troops as
well a? many other Eastern regiments
A SOLDIER'S COMFORT-BAG
may be added to the expedition that will
be sent to the Philippines, and hints have
been coming over the wires from the
military authorities in Washington that
the army bound to Manila may amount
to nearly 35.000 soldiers. The California
Red Cross Society will be looked upon to
act as the base or supplies for the needed
comforts that the American people will be
obliged to send to the front, and should
that be the oa.se the work of the organi
zation is only commencing:. The amount
collected will he only a small iracti<>u uf
•what will bo required. The California or
ranization will have to extend its boun
daries to embrace all the Pacific Coast
and middle west States. The Red Cross
knows no race, creed or foe. Its work is
to relieve suffering wherever found, and
as the occupation of the Philippines pro
fresses there will be much work to be
one among the natives and Inhabitants
of the islands.
Among the contributions received yes
terday wore; Miss Hamlin's school
$110 M: "Williams, Dimond & Co., $100; St.
Stephen's Church, $84; Bulletin's collec
tions. $42: Myrich & Deering. $10; Charles
S. Wheeler. $25; Mrs. Talbot. $25; Dewey
Chapter of Ukiah, $23 90: James L. Stan
ton, $25; Bancroft, Whitney & Co., $25;
Golden Circle, King's Daughters, $20;
Yerba Buena Parlor, N. S. O. W.. $2.".;
California Wine Company, «40 and -L's
cases of port wine; Chamber of Com
merco collections. $140; Garret McEner
ney, $2">. The Pacific Heights School gave
$100 and promised a. like amount every
month during the war. H. P. Boy/ie gave
$35. wlTh the s;:itk' proviso; and W. E.
Brown sent a check for $50 to the fund
with a promise of a like amount every
Eudocla S. Moffat, the supervising dep
uty supreme commander of the Ladies of
the Maccabees of the West, has called a
general meeting of all the hives of the
order under her jurisdiction for the pur
pose of taking some action to assist in
the work of the Red Cross Society. Tho
meeting will be held at tne ofilce of th«
supervising deputy. 239 Powell street,
room la. at 8 o'clock, on May 21.
A meeting of the committee of the Np
ttve Daughters' Red Cross Aid will be
held in the Native Sons' building- this af
ternoon and evening to arrange the dis
tribution of the work the organization
E icses to do to assist the Red Cross
ety. There will be much sewing to be
> to provide garments for the soldiers.
THE CHAMPION OF WOMEN.
iMARY ELLEN LEASE, Who Will Lecture Here In
the Near Future.
The most prominent advocate of woman's suffrage In this country, Mary
Ellen Lease, will deliver one of her eh aracteristic lectures at the Baldwin
on Thursday evening. May 26. Mary Ellen Lease is perhaps the most
conspicuous of all the disciples of suffrage for the unenfranchised Bex. Her
career has been an exciting one, made up of events as stormy in their na
ture as the life of an active politician.
Kansas has been the scene of h<?r greatest efforts. Hardly a town or
city of that State but has heard her appeals for the enfranchisement of
women. Her tield of operations has not been restricted to Kansas, however,
for she has engaged in a suffrage crusade that extended over the gTeater
part of the middle West. Woman's suffrage is only one phase of her mis
sion. The primal cause to which she has pledged herself is Populism in
its purity and essence. In IS9O Mary Ellen Lease labored unremittingly to
defeat the Senatorial aspirations of Ingalls, and her efforts were attended
with much success. The last Congressional election in Kansas found her
a candidate for a seat in the lower house, but her ambitions received a se
vere shock, for defeat was her portion.
The local Populists and the woman's suffrage societies are planning a
reception in her honor. This will be her second appearance before the San
Francisco public. The subject of her discourse will be "The Signs of the
Times."
and all native daughters who can help in
that work are invited to be present.
CLARA BARTON'S THANKS.
'Telegram Received by the Oak
land Society Yester
day.
OAKLAND. May IS.— Mrs. G. S. Abbott,
president of the Red Cross Society of this
city, to-day received the following tele
gram:
"KEY WEST, Fla., May 17.
"President Red Cross Society, Oakland,
Cal.— Telegram of the Sth to General
Sternberg just forwarded to me by mail.
Have transmitted it by wire to Central
Committee. New York, and asked them to
confer with you immediately. Express my
thanks and appreciation to your society,
■f LARA BARTON."
The reading of this at the meeting to
day was gTeetcd by generous applause.
The question of a State organization was
then discussed and Mrs. Abbott and Mrs.
J. F\ Leraraun were selected to attend the
meeting in Sun Francisco to-morrow,
when it is expected that the organization
will be effected.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN
THROWN IN PRISON
SERIOUS BLUNDER MADE BY L.
C. BAYER, A NEVADAN.
Mrs. Laura Bell, Wife of a Solicitor,
Arrested on a Charge of Grand
Larceny and Discharged.
Mrs. Laura Bell who was arrested
Tuesday afternoon on a warrant charging
her with grand larceny appeared before
Judge Joachimsen yesterday morning, and
as it was proved to be a clear case of
mistaken identity, the Judge at the re
quest of Attorney Gallagher discharged
the lady from custody.
Mrs. Bell is the wife of H. S. Bell, a so
licitor, living at 1923 Geary street. While
she was waiting at a drug store on Batter
street and Grant avenue for her friend,
Mrs. Frank Bauer, Policeman Morton
placed her under arrest at the request of
L. C. Bayer, a visitor from Nevada.
Bayer claimed that Sunday night he was
robbed of $120 by two women. One of
them, Lizzie Murphy, was arrested early
next morning by Policeman Barney Har
ter, and Bayer swore out a "Jane Doe"
warrant for the other woman. He had
seen Mrs. Bell standing at he drug store
and asked Policeman Morton to arrest
her. Morton called up the Central Police
Station and found that there was a war
rant. When he placed Mrs. Bell under ar
rest she protested vigorously, and ap
pealed to her friend Mrs. Bauer, who in
formed the officer that there was a mis
take, as Mrs. Bell was with her Sunday
night, but Bayer insisted that he had
made no mistake. A hack was called and
the two ladies were driven to the City
Prison. Bayer accompanying them.
Mrs. Bell was soon released onbondsand
her friends were very indignant over the
outrage to which she had been subjected.
In court yesterday after Attorney Gal
lagher had made his statement Policeman.
Harter informed the Judge that the wo
man who was wanted was known as
"Dimp" Butler, and if Bayer had nol
made such an unfortunate blunder she
would have been arrested, as her haunts
were watched.
Bayer was not in court and it is thought
that" he had realized his blunder and
would probably not be heard of again.
Mrs. Bell's friends propose to make it
particularly warm for him if he can be
found.
MALL FOR MANILA.
It Will Be Carried by the Transport
Steamers Leaving Here With
the Troops.
Superintendent Flint of the Railway
Mail Service announces that all mall ad
dressed to the officers or sailors of Ad
miral Dewey's squadron at the Philip
pines will be forwarded T>y the Peking
and other vessels in the service of the
Government. Letters should be mailed
promptly in order to insure speedy and
certain delivery.
For the Rose Carnival at Santa Rosa,
May 20, the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway will make $1 for the round
trip. Leave Tiburon ferry at 7:30 and y
a. m. •
Matrimonial Misfits.
Jessie Y. Hodgkins was liberated from
her matrimonial shackles with De Courcy
William Hodgkins by Judge Dunne on the
ground of the infidelity of the defendant.
The plaintiff was allowed $25 a month
alimony, and a similar sum was awarded
the two minor children, the issue of the
marriage, during their minority. The de
fendant is the owner of a large herd of
goats in El Dorado, from which he re
ceives an income sufficient to pay his
divorced wife's alimony.
Annie A- Jones obtained a divorce from
THE SA^ FBASTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 19, 1898.
Louis Jones, on the ground of desertion,
In Judge Daingertield's court yesterday.
THE WIDOW AND THE
DANCING PROFESSOR
CHARGE OF THREATS TO KILL
AGAINST COLVIN DISMISSED.
He Promptly Swears Out a Warrant
for the Arrest of Mrs. Wallin on
a Similar Charge.
The strained relations between Fred H.
Colvin, the Mission dancing master, and
; Mrs. Alma J. Wallin, the widow who had
| him arrested for threats to kill, were dis
j cussed again in Judge Low's court yester
1 day and Colvin came out triumphant.
When the case was called Prosecuting
| Attorney Reynolds said he desired to put
■on witnesses to prove that Mrs. Wallin
i had given Colvin money, but Attorney
Bert strongly opposed the introduction of
j any such evidence. Finally the Judge
! consented to hear what the witnesses had
i to say and Mrs. M. J. Foster was called.
. She testiiied that she had seen Mrs. Wal
lin give Colvin $5, but in answer to the
Judge she admitted that she did not know
j whether it was Colvins money. Mrs.
Foster was proceeding to give her opinion
■■I Colvin When the Judge stopped her and
told her that she evidently had a spite
against the defendant.
"Have you any more witnesses?" asked
i the Judge.
; "1 want to show," said Reynolds, "that
Mrs. Wallin lias paid not only this man's
I rent but his board bills. He hasn't a cent
and yet he comes in here and wants us to
believe that he is a millionaire."
Bert took strong exception to the re
| marks of Reynolds, and while they were
arguing the Judge rapped for order, and
■ after drawing Reynolds' attention to the
| fact that Mrs. Wallin had also threatened
I to kill Colvin, he asked Mrs. Wallin if she
was still afraid that Colvin would carry
! out his threat.
"I do," shouted Mrs. "Wallin. "He is a
i dangerous man and has threatened to
! bring suit for damages against me for
■ having him arrested."
! The Judge asked Colvin If he would let
I the widow alone and he replied that noth
i ing would ploase him better. "I never
threatened her" he said, "and have no
intention of doing so."
The Judge thereupon dismissed the case,
which caused consternation among Mrs
Wallin and her lady friends.
Colvin, accompanied by his attorney lm
j mediately went to Judge Joaehinisen's
: court and swore out a warrant for the ar
; rest of Mrs. Wallin on a charge of threats
;to kill. Bert, in explanation, said that
; friends of Mrs. Wallin had told him that
she was irresponsible and he did not want
his client to take chances of being killed
without due protection.
BOBBED A BOY.
James Leonard, Aged 13 Years, Im-
posed on by a Mean Thief.
James Leonard, aged 13 years, who Is
employed by M. Levy of 12 Montgomery
street, is the victim of a despicable thief.
Yesterday afternoon the boy was sent to
deliver a suit of clothes to a Mr. Fields
who lives at 339 Jessie street. As he walk
ed along Third street he was accosted
by a well-dressed young man, who asked
him if he wanted to make 20 cents. The
boy replied in the affirmative and wa.s
handed a note adQresed to Mrs Clara
Wilson, living at 112 Fourth street.
The stranger, after giving- his victim
the stipulated amount, told him he was
anxious to get an answer and would hold
the clothes until he returned. After de
livering the note the boy returned to the
scene, and was surprised at not finding
the stranger. Realizing he had been
done up for the suit of clothes he notified
Police Officer O'Connor, who made a re
port of the occurrence to Chief Lees
Last night the boy visited police head
quarters and gave a description of the
thief. He described him as being about
2.". years of age and fairly well dressed
He wore a dark slouch hat and had a
small light mustache. Chief Lees was
Incensed when he heard the story of
young Leonard, and at once detailed two
of his best men on the case. If caught
the Chief intends to see that he Is se
verely dealt with.
"Pate" Strickland Dead.
Peyton G. Strickland, who died in La
Grande, Or., on the 25th of April, will be
remembered by many of the old-timers of
this State, for he was a resident of Cali
fornia for many years. He was one of
the pioneers who crossed the plains in
1549, when only a youth of 17 years. For
some time he mined, and then took to
driving stages out of Stockton to the
mines. Later Mr. Strickland handled the
ribbons on stages in the northern part of
this State, Oregon and Idaho, being one
of the best known in this line on the
coast. When well advanced in years he
settled down in the Blue Mountains in
Oregon, and a month or two ago he re
moved to La Grande. "Pate" Strickland
as he was familiarly called, was rated as
one of the most jolly and big-hearted
fellows of the earliest pioneers.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
REINSURED
SHIP ARRIVES
The Leyland Brothers
Was Not Dismasted.
LIBELING OF THE IDA A.
A BOW BETWEEN RELATIVES
CAUSED THE TROUBLE.
Captain Charles Nelson Badly Hurt
at His Home by the Accidental
Discharge of a Gopher
Gun.
A couple of vessels reached port unex
pectedly yesterday. They were the Brit
ish ship Leyland Brothers, from Calcutta
for San Francisco, and the French hark
France Cherle, from Tahiti for Puget
Sound. A cable from Liondon received by
the Merchants' Exchange last Tuesday
stated that on March 30 the I^eyland Bru
thers had been spoken about 500 miles
east of Hawaii partly dismasted, so nat
urally she was not looked fur just yet.
The vessel is not damaged to any extent,
however, and insurance men are now in
clined to think that it may have been
the British bark Midas, from Nagasaki
for Astoria, that was spoken. The latter
is long overdue, and 80 per cent reinsur
ance has been paid on her.
Shipping men had become anxious for
the safety of both the Leyiand Brothers
and the France Cherte and were offering
reinsurance on them.
Captain Bailey of the Leyiand Brothers
reports that when two days out from
Calcutta he ran into a cyclone which
carried away one of the lifeboats from
the poop deck and did other slight dam
age. On April 16 the Pitcairn Islands
were passed, and some of the islanders
put off to the ship. They reported that
everybody was well in the colony, and
sent a number of letters by the Leyland
Brothers to their friends in San Francis
co. It took the ship 144 days to make the
run, and Captain Bailey explains the long
voyage by saying that outside of two
blows ho nad nothing but light winds and
calms.
The Franco Ch«rl© is the old British
bark Beth Shan. She is 04t> tons net bur
den, and was built in Sunderland. Eng
land, in 1863. She 1b 174 feet 5 inches long,
29 feet 6 inches broad and IS feet 7 inches
deep. It took her forty-seven day.-s tv
come htre in ballast, while the Galilee,
which arrived here last Sunday from the
same port, made the run In twenty-nine
days. The France Cherie comes to Plnet
& Co. and is in search of a charter.
Captain Charles Nelson, the ship owner,
was able to be about ayain yesterday
after being coniined to his home at Semi
nal y Park since last Thursday. He met
with a most peculiar accident, by which
he lost the top of the forefinger of his
j right hand and hud the thumb shattered.
! The grounds around his home are infest-
I ed with gophers, and the gardener has
! for months past been waging war against
them. Thursday last he made a gopher
gun out of a piece of gas pipe and sot it
in front of the principal burrow. Captain
Nelson came home from the city and see
ing the piece of g-as pipe lying on the
lawn went and picked It up, intending to
throw it away. Directly he moved it. the
gun exploded, and for a minute the cap
tain thought his hand was blown off. A
physician was summoned and he had to
amputate the forefinger at the first Joint,
while the thumb was bound up and may
be saved.
Captain Searles went out in command
of the Mail Company's steamer San Jose
yesterday. There was wme friction over
some changes made by the general man
ager, and at the last minute Captain Mc-
Lean remained ashore and Captain
Searles had to take the vessel out. Cap
tain Pillsbury is a great favorite with
Lieutenant Schwerin, and when the City
of Sydney was chartered by the Govern
ment to carry troops to Manila Pillsbury
was given the command of her, ami Mc-
Lean was transferred from the Sydney
to the San Jose to take Plllsbury's place.
McLean is an old' and experienced navi
gator and he felt very keenly the slight
put upon him. The result was that the
San Jose went out without him.
The old tug Mary Ann, which came
down from Humboldt Bay some time ago,
has had her machinery taken out and is
now a tight little 96-to"n schooner.
The bark Martha Davis, now out sev
enteen days from Honolulu, la coming up
in command of Captain Friin. While the
bark was hen- lust a son and heir was
born to the regular commander, Captain
Soule, at his home in Honolulu, so he is
remaining ashore one trip to nurse the
baby.
Captain Albert Alien and Engineer An
drew Allen of the gasoline schooner Ida
A are in trouble with the inspectors of
Hulls and Boilers. The Ida A is owned
by Captains Anderson and Alien and
carries passengers and freight to Boli
nas Bay, while A. Sayers, a brother-in
law of Captain Anderson, runs a stage
coach between San Rafael and Bolinas
Bay, which also carries passengers and
freight. There is no love lost between
the shipping man and the stage driver,
and when Sayers found that the schooner
was cutting into his staging business he
began to look around lor a chance to
get even. During the fishing and camp
ing season the Ida A has a special licence
to carry forty passengers, but at other
times sho is only allowed to carry four.
As ill luck would have It, a few trips ago
Engineer Andrew Alien was taken nick,
an - while he was away trying to get
some one to take his place the captain's
wife and a couple of i.er friends came
down with the intention of making the
trip to Bolinas. They were on board
when Captain Alien came down without
an engineer and insisted upon going with
them. He had his full complement of pas
sengers without them, but was overper
suaded by his wife and took them along.
As he had been unable \o get anybody
to fill his brother's place he had to run
the engines himself. This was the oppor
tunity Sayers 1 id been looking for, and
he at once lodged a complaint with the
inspectors charging the owners of the
vessel with sending her to sea without a
licensed engineer and with more passen
gers aboard than the law allowed. The
cane will be tried In the United States
District Court, and the chances are that
both captain, the vessel and the owners
will suffer.
' .Ie work of potting 1 the Australia ready
for sea is now almost completed, and the
steamer could go at an hour's notice if
the lreight was aboard and the troops
ready. The soldinrs who will go on tho
Australia may bo sure of a pleasant
tr.p, as everything possible has been done
by the owners of the vessel for their com
fort. In the 'tween decks tiers of bunks
have been built, and every one of them
has been fitted with wire-woven nuit
tresses. whuc the same kind of furnish
ings have been provided as were used
for the first-class passengers when the
vessel was in the Klondike trade. A pns
sageway runs between each tier of bunks,
so that the men can come and go finely
and all the other accommodations are
ample. Things are different on the City
of Peking ami the City of Sydney, how
ever. The wnrk on them is not nearly in
such a forward condition as it fs on the
Australia, and it Is very doubtful about
their being ready by Saturday to receive
freight and passengers. The berths in the
'tween decks arf laid down five in a row,
and the man who sleeps next the sldo of
the ship will have to climb over four of
his companions in order to get Into his
bunk. When the Peking and Sydney get
to sea and the soldiers begin to get sea
sick there will be much discomfort in the
'tween decks.
TJNXON LEAGUE CONVENTION.
Steps Being Taken to Properly Enter
tain the Visiting Delegates.
A meeting of the reception committee
of the Union League Club was held laat
evening to make arrangements for prop
erly welcoming and entertaining the vis
iting delegates to the State Convention of
Republican League Clubs, to be held in
Golden Gate Hall on May M. Chairman
E. N. Galvin presided. The hotel commit
tee reported that it had secured rates
ranging from $2 50 to $1 per day for room
and board. It is expected that the con
vention will bs attended by about 700 dele
gates.
A press committee was appointed, con
sisting of Captain A. de la Torre Jr., H. I.
KowaJsky, T. P. Batchelder, John Lach
man and O. s. Pierce, the last named
representing Alameda County.
There was considerable discussion over
a proposed excursion on the bay, and
finally a ways and means committee, con
sisting of Jesse Marks, Edward Banning
and E. L. Head, was appointed to take
the matter under consideration and report
next Friday evening, to which time the
meeting adjourned.
» ♦ ■
AN EXCITING CHASE
AFTER A BURGLAR
BESTILT OP A WATCH THAT WAS
KEPT ON A BAKEBY.
Fred Simmons Discovered in the Act,
Pursued, Captured and Taken
to the City Prison.
A clever capture of a burglar was mad©
early yesterday by Policemen * Floyd, T.
Hanley and • Murty Callinan, after a ' hot
chase of several blocks.
The bakery of W. Stempke, southeast
corner of Devisadero and Oak streets,
had been several times recently visited
by a burglar, who cleaned out the cash
drawer and also stole a shotgun, revolver
and other articles.
- It was decided to set a watch on the
place, and on Tuesday night J. H. Leise,
the clerk, settled himself as comfortably
as possible to await developments. About
4 o'clock in the morning he heard some
one opening, the front door with a key, !
and he stole silently to the door to grab j
hold of • the Intruder; who had . discarded '
his shoes. Leise was observed by the
burglar, who promptly fled. .- . - ■
Leise ran after him, and kept blowing
a police whistle as he kept up the: pur
suit. -At Hamilton square the burglar j
turned sharply round- and, leveling a re
volver at Leise, threatened to shoot If
he persisted in following him.
Floyd, Hanley and Callinan heard the
police whistle, and made a break for the
scene. Floyd was the first to see the
fleeing burglar, and, jumping into a news
boy's cart, drove off in pursuit. At Web- |
ster street and Golden Gate avenue the :
burglar jumped onto a baker's wagon, ;
and was gathering up the reins to drive
off when the owner came out and seized
the horse by the bridle.
The burglar jumped off the wagon and
was confronted by Floyd. He showed
fight, but Floyd grappled with him and '
threw him to the ground. Just then Han
ley and Callinan arrived, and the hand
cuffs were soon encircling the man's i
wrists.
He was taken to the City Prison, where
he gave the name of Fred Simmons; but
the police say that his real name is Zim
mer and that he used •to drive a baker's
wagon and deliver bread at Stempke's
store. When searched a key was found in i
his pocket, which fitted the lock of the i
bakery door. A charge of burglary : was
booked against him.
■ m ■ — -
MADE A POLICE SEBGEANT.
Griffith B. Griffiths Promoted After
Twenty Years' Service.
The Police Commissioners held a meet
ing yesterday morning. President Tobin
beins present for the first time since his
Illness. The appointment of a sergeant
to fill the vacancy caused by the promo
tion of Sergenat Price was made and Po
liceman Griffith B. Griffiths was the lucky
man.
Griffiths Joined the force on May 29,
IS7S, and bears an excellent record. For
some years he was stationed at Ocean
View, but for a year or so he has been on
station duty at Seventeenth street. lie
will be detailed to th<> North End district.
Milling Plant for Mexico.
A 20-stamp milling- plant for the Guana
juato Gold Mining anil Milling Company
of Guanajuato. Mexico, is being rushed
at the I'nion Iron Works. It will be the
first modern milling- plant to be erected
in that section. San Francisco and New-
York capitalists are interested in the en
terprise. In addition to the milling plant
the Boss "continuous process" of treating
ores will be used, and this plant is also
being built at the iron works.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushing
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will Quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have tho
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
SURETY BONDS.
FIDELITY ANDDEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
: Home Office, Baltimore, Maryland. ' -
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
January I, 1898.
RESOURCES.
Real estate (Fidelity building) ...'....$ 600,000 00
State and municipal bonds .'....... 1,255,010 00
Street railway bonds (Baltimore -
City) .........:..... 169,210 00
Railroad and other bonds .- 186,550 00
Agents' debit balances, less commis- ,
sions .....:: :'...:... ;... 95,116 34
Premiums In course of collection
(home 0ffice):....;..... 6,020 4S
Cash in office and banks - 158.557 56
J2.500.524 33
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock (paid in).... 51,000,000 00
Surplus 1.000,000 00 -
Premium re5erve........... 435,089 69 •
Claims in ' process " of
adjustment... .........7,829 78
Claims reported, but proof .
. not 'fi1ed . . ... . . .". 20,507 71
Undivided profits .......... 37.097 15
■ ■ $2,500,524 33
; EDWIN WARFIELD. President.
HERMAN E. BOSLER; {
Secretary and Treasurer. '
FRANK L. GILBERT,
General Agent Pacific Coast,
204-208 Sansome St., San Francisco,
Q vis» DR. JORDAN'S o«*v
gSL Museum of Anatomy
I &$% a. :cEI mabiet St. b»t cth & 7th, 3 - f. °* L
0 T^H ■ -i" _ : . The L»rfMtofiuil«dintb?TTorl4.
\§Sj£L\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
j,WW| \L Consaltmtton free. TTrite for Hook
WA PhNosophy^ff * Marriage.
fi> CB " .' . . .. ;- : MAILED FREE. \. .
Oppression, Suf location, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPICS CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQER A & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS ;
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
! MACKAYS }
1 GREAT |
I SPECIAL SALE. 1
Igrrf%t»S' Real comfort, rood up- X
! % SO«OOholstering. any color, best £
<» corduroy, as shown. *y
♦ THREE PATTERNS CHAMBER T
<& SUITS. .y
T «*-.<■ BE. Maple. Mahogany. <%,
I M«OO B 'f6BoB #75 00 |
1 % *^ ' CUT TO '"
I «SO OO 34 BO »45 OO |
* Extraordinary Value.- X
x 'We're Overstocked on This Line. <>
T «T Tl£-40-lb HAIR MATTRESSES. <*>
I Soo-^T-lnch top SOLID OAK TABLE. |
I CARPETS. I
i.♦ 54«>-For TAPESTRY, good wearing; 20
4> patterns. <$,
£ 62c— HEAVY TAPESTRY, close weave; <&*
%: " parlor, hall and dining room pat- <&
X terns. ♦
X 77c— Best quality and 10- wire TAPES- £
X TRY, borders to match. All manu- <£
X f acturers. ■ X
<§> MOQUETTE RUGS. <£
4 Special This Week. <p
T 18x36, 85c. 27x60, $1 75. 36x72, $2 95. ; a
% SEE OUR WINDOWS. jf
| ALEX. MACKAY & SON, f
I 715 Market St. |
\ KLONDIKE
! OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDER
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping qtial-
Itv; hence, no experiment ; no loss. •_
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
_ ' M " ' " ■ •
GREAT SACRIFICE
—OF—
BOOKS!
HISTORY. SCIENCE, ART, TRAVELS, BI-
t ■•■; .*; OGRAPHY. FICTION, THEOLOGY,
LITERATURE OF ALL
KINDS.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.-
No Reasonable Offer refused.
ODD FELLOWS' LIBRARY, Seventh and
Market,
Must Be Sold Out by June 1. 1898.
For ST. MICHAEL.
THE Al BARK HUNTER
POSITIVELY SAILS JUNE IST.
She Is pronounced by Marine Surveyors as
among the SAFEST and SWIFTEST vessels
sailing out of San Francisco.
For LOW RATES, passenger and freight,
apply. AT ONCE to H. D. LOMBARD & CO..
16 California street, .T. G. McCALL & CO.. 46
Market street, or on board the Hunter, Hatha-
way docks, foot of Steuart street.
DR.MCNULTY:
jTHIS KNOWN AND RKLIABT/E OLT»
-1. Wper-liiil«;trt/7-MPrlvate,Nervoiis,Blo.-)rt and skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. I'e.tlent.i
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
<lal!y;B:3otoS.3oev's:s. Sui.diiys. 10 to 12. Consultß-
don free and sacredly confidential Calleraddress
P. ISOSCOK n«nVLTY, 31. IK,
8634 Hcarnj Strevt Nun l'rsnclH>«. fml
AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CUJB.
BECOND ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
BENEFIT CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 18, 19, 20, 21. 1898.
$3500 in Trophies, Cash and Cups
OPEN FROM
10 A. M. to 10 P. M. ; Dally.
BEE MARTIN'S PERFORMING DOGS.
ADMISSION ....:............ 50c
CHILDREN .........:. ....................25c
UNDER THE AUSPICES i; OF
THE PACIFIC COAST WOMAN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION,
THE ROUND-THE-WORLD TRAVELER.
MISS JESSIE
ACKERMAN,
Will Give Her Famous ; Lecture on
ICELAND,
ILLUSTRATED BY ONE HUNDRED STER-
EOPTICON VIEWS.
For the Benefit, of the
RED CROSS,
- NATIVE SONS' HALL,
Mason Street. Between Post and Geary.
THURSDAY. MAY 19. 3 O CLOCK P. M.
Tickets (admit one), 25c. . .
-Music by San Francisco Press Club Quartet
It. F. TILTON, FRANK COFFIN.
-v-i -. : -.-- D. M. WARD. W. G. BATCHELDER.
1 Tickets for sale at j Sherman, , Clay : & Co.'s
Music Store. :.-. y ;•■■;; \ ; ; • • :■■■,:: ■■.
RACING! RACING! RACING.'
-— CALIFORNIA JOCK CLUB — -
Winter Meetin- - 1897-98, Beginning TUESDAY.
May 3.. t0 May 21 Inclusive. \~
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
(UCING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
• ■ FIVE OK : MORE RACES EACH DAY.
—^ RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP- _
Ferry beats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00. 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 1 p. m., connect-
ing ' with ■. train . stopping -at - the ;: entrance to
;rack. Buy your, ferry tickets to Shell Mound.'
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
1:46 p. m., and immediately after the last rac*.
r THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre«.
. R. .B. MILROY. Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT; V
Now open : every • Sunday during the : season.
Music, ■■■ Danclne. : Bowling. Boating, ' Fishing
md other amusements. - ■. . ■ ; .
Refreshments" at city prices. -.Fare.' round'
rip. 25c; *. Children. 15c; - Including ■ admlsaioa
:o grounds. • : • ,r -  -
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tlburon " Ferry at : 30 a. m.. U :10,
I and 4 p. m. • Returning, leav* :El , Carapo at
11:16 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 am. :
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
- Th« Great French Pantoralmiat.
PILAR ■ 7VIORIIV
And her Original Company ' Presenting
THE A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (OesuM
TRIPLE IN OLD JAPAN (Tragedy)
81LL... ' And : SYMPHONY orchestra.
EXTRA-
May 24, 25, 27 and Matinee and Night 28,
&* YSAYE
Violinist, X k-TXJL X AJ
And the noted Belgian cellist, GERARDT,
Accompanied by - the distinguished planlit,
LACHAUME.
SEATS NOW READY.
Prices $2, »i £0, $1 and 50c.
Dally at 8 (except Saturday) the PASSION
. ■ ■ -". PLAY.
Thursday. May 28— MRS. LEASE. in lecture.
BALDWIN_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY THURSDAY
— — -IN AID OF THE
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home.
All the Funds Go Directly to Charity.
Greatest Event of the Week!
Four Entertainments in One !
I THE CALIFORNIA "STOCK COMPANY IN
TRILBY.
: MISS OARBIB ROMA WILL SING " BEN BOLT."
, PILAR mORIN,
Th» Greatest Pantomlmlst of the Age, Sup-
ported by MLLE. SEVERINE.
IN OLD JAPAN.
In Conjunction With Scheel's Great Orchestra.
The Eminent Romantic Actor.
ROBERT MANTELL '
And His Superb Company, in tha Stirring
Play.
A SECRET WARRANT.
To Conclude With
THE PASSION PLAY.
Thirty-six Tableaux.
Curtain rises promptly at 2 o'clock.
Tickets now on sale at Emporium Golden
Rule Bazaar (information bureau). Hale Bros,
and all the leading hotels.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
A Perfect Production of Ouida's Romance,
MOTHS.
Exceptionally Strong Popnlar Price*.
EXTRfI-
Beginning NEXT MONDAY, MAT 23.
America's Representative Vaudeville Organiza-
tion. .
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and hie Riding
Baboon.' Jessie. Other Big Feature Acts — 10.
Popular Prices 15c, 25c. 50c
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THE YEAR'S DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
The Distinguished Romantic Actor, ROBERT B.
MANTELL
And a Select Company. Management of W. M.
HANLET.
PRESENTING ALL THIS WEEK
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
SPEClAL— Additional Performances.
Arrangements have been made for the exten-
sion of Mr. Mantell's- engagement for another
week, as a result of the immense demand for
f REPERTOIRE NEXT WEEK:
Monday and Tuesday— SECRET WAR-
RANT."
Wednesday and Thursday— "MONßAßS."
Remainder of the week— "THE FACE IN
THE MOONLIGHT."
May 30— "THE NEW DOMINION."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco ...Sole Lessee and Maria.**'-
Last Week of FRANK LINDON, Who Will
Appear as DADDY NOLAN, In Dan
Sully's Famous Laugh-Pro-
voking Comedy-Drama,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
"THE FUNNIEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED."
Evening Prices 10c. 25c, 600
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A Great Bill of Rare Attractiveness. ' PIE-
TRO MARINO, Talented Violinist; MANHAT-
TAN COMEDY FOUR, America's Funniest
Singing Comedians; JEROME & BELL, Up-to-
Date Comedy; ISABELLA URQUHART. Sup-
ported by WILMER & VINCENT; GEORGE
H. FIELDING. MLLE. BARTHO, BOGART
& O'BRIEN, GRUET. BEERS & GRUET and
KERXER'S VISIONS OF ART. New Subjects.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
NEXT WEEK
The Only EZRA KENDALL.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING,
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Success,
SHIP AHOY IV
A lot of Novelties this week.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
125th — -PERFORMANCE 125 th.
SPECIAL FEATURES.
NEXT WEEK— Positive Novelty, "THB
POSTER."'
... "It Moves— Breathes."
Popular Prices... 25c and 500
-No telephone.
ALCAZAR BEAT pho%. •
A I CvA/^AhC PHONE,
■ LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
A Moral 'Lesson .to Young and Old.
Monday Night— LEWlS MORRISON in a
-. Costly Production of
YOUTH'S 1-O\/13.
Prices...... 15c, 25c, 35c, 800
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WILL GIVE THEIR
LAST CHAMBER CONCERT IN SAN
FRANCISCO .
SATURDAY AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock.
SHERMAN.'i.CLAY HALL,
Prices $2 and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Sut-
ter and Kearny sts. ■ . ,
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
CONCERT BY
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM,
Child • Planiate and : Composer.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 20,
THREE; O'CLOCK.
Sherman-Clay's Hall, 233 Sutter
ADMISSION— FIFTY CENTS.
GREAT PETER, THE SMALL,
The Tiniest Horse on Earth Is In the
. ZOO AT THE CHUTES.
See the Burial of the "MAINE" SAILORS!
battleship ; "IOWA" in Action and New Scenes
• '. ■ :by the ■ Animatoscope. :..;• «,,
"VISIONS OF ART" AND ATTRACTIONS
.* GAI^ORE! t
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
•c to all, including Zoo, . etc. ; Children, ; sc.
OLYMPIA I Com ? °< "..on ™*
■ ■'*-■■-■• --•■ .... I - Eddy StraaU.
Soul-Inspiring WAX: SCENES. United States
Infantry T and Artillery. Spanish Navy and
.roops, n United States Battleships and Torpedo
Thrilling Havana Scenes by THE 810
JRAPH,- the Greatest of Projectoscopes and
Olio of Ten; Great Specialty Acts. Admls-
ion Free. . Matinee every Sunday.
SUTRO BATHST^
OPEN NIGHTS.
::<A Open Dally from 7 a. m.. until 11 p. m *
ADMISSION 10c - -;-. - CHILDREN 5o
Bathmg.. with admission. 26c; children. 20cOUTSIDERS
IN FRONT
Castake a Clever Winner
at Odds of 15 to I.
FLYING MAGDALENAS WINS.
CROMWELL, HEAVILY BACKED,
FINISHED UNPLACED.
Thorpe Again Piloted Three Winners
Past the Post — Imp. Devil's
Dream Led a Big Field
Out.
Just for a chang-e the racing at Oakland
yesterday was liberally spattered with
long shots. Magdalenas at 4, Castake, a
15 to 1 chance, and Joe Levy, quoted at
10 to 1 in the betting, being three horses
that liberally repaid their backers. Rec
reatlon and Carbineer were the only win
ning favorites.
The attendance continues good, with no
scarcity of coin in the betting ring. The
track was soft and slow, whioh suited
horses with suspicious underplnlng.
In the opening dash at four and a half
furlongs Malay and E. Come were equal
choices in the ring. E. Come did not
show speed enough to outfoot a "yaller
dog," while Malay was easily defeated by
the flying Magdalenas. against which 4 to
1 was laid. Oraibee, a 40 to 1 shot, was
third.
Colonel Dan, gam* leg and all, was
chalked up a 3 to 5 choice for the eix
lurlong sprint following, and the crowd
got aboard. Showing first into the
stretch, he was downed with ease the
final sixteenth by the 15 to 1 shot Castake,
ridden by Powell. Adam Andrew, the sec
ond choice, ended up in the show.
The speedy Stepabout was the favorite
furnished for the seven-furlong affair. She
was full of run to the stretch and then
blew up. Thorpe, on the 10 to 1 shot, Joe
Levy, took up the running when the turn
for home was rounded and won buck-
Jumping from Charlotte M, another long
priced outsider.
It seemed like a lack of judgment to
start Cromwell back in the mile and a
quarter after his hard race of the day be
fore, but nevertheless the chestnut Jiorse
was sent to the post a heavily backed 6
to 5 choice. He was either first or second
to the stretch and then grew tired, even
tually finishing in fourth place. Imp.
Devil's Dream, with Thorpe in the saddle,
proved a handy winner, leading Fortuna
out by three lengths. Rapido, well sup
ported to finish third, managed to take
that position. \_
It was the "copper on day for La Go
leta for in the second seven furlong event
Recreation, which was played down to 11
to 10 favoritism, downed the Baldwin filly
a scant length. The latter opened up at
' and receded to 11 to 5.
\ cheap assortment of "dogs" started
,1 rive-furlong scramble. Car
r led all the way and won ridden
»jut from Pongo.
THACK. NOTES.
After the fourth event By Holly purchased
Fortuna from Galen Brown, paying $300 for the
mare.
George Rose has again been awarded the
field book privileges at both tracks.
There will be quite a thinning out among
the bookmaklng fraternity to-night. Hughey
Jones leaves for St. Louis, taking along the
handy selling platers Pat Murphy and Adam
Andrew, with which he expects to pick up a
few purses. Frank Eckert and John O'Neil
depart for Chicago. _ . „
By Holly Is now the owner of Lucky Star.
having purchased the gelding from AJ Smith,
Following are the entries for to-day:
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1064 Frank James.. .lo7 1062 Salisbury II 110
1075 Don Gara 110 1064 Rebekah 105
1037 Olivia 103 1064 Navy Blue 197
1071 St. Distaff ....:iO7 1088 N'ervoso 107
l.Mti Terra Archer... 1021 Pa*ha 107
1049 rime! 105 1064 Bsndour 111 107
1050 Blue Bell 105 103S Greenleaf 107
1032 Malplaquet ....105 .
"THE CALLS* RACING CHART.
i^ALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-1 69th day of the
C winter Meeting. Wednesday. May 18. 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
heavy.
ifITA FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs: selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
IMS Magdalenes t'9 1
(1022) Malay 102
SOl Oralbee S3;
1068 La Paresseuso 90
1034 E. Come 105
Ml Racine Murphy ... 87!
1063 Chllcoot Pass ...... S3
| 1
5
6
3
2
4
7
3 4
2 1
6 4
1 14
4 h
6 2
2 h
3 V 4
6 1
1 2
5 4
4 h
7
1 h
2 3
3 1
4 1
6 2
6 3
7
Ruiz
McDonald ....
Miller
Clawson
5-2
2
16
8
3-5
20
60
4
S-5
40
15
8-5
50
100
[Plggott
jMcNlchols ■•■
;Hal Brown...
[al
Loti3 inucooi f-ags qj; i «^« ; : -li 1
Tlme> „ Winner H. F. Edwards & Co.'s eh. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-Espirito Santo.
Got.d start. Won first three driving. '
*r\*ycr SECOND RACE-Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, »300. %
lUtO* ■ ■ ■ -
Index. Horses. Weight. (St. %m. %m. Km. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. IQp. CL
1009 Castake, 3
1065 Colonel Dan. 3
1062 Adam Andrew, 4...:
1035 Formella, 3
1061 Sardou, 4 :
1007 Rlcardo, a i
1062 Don Gara, 6
750 Ranardlne. 5 :
j
i
3 4
2 1
5 3
4 3
8
7 4
1 14
6 3
2 1
1 4
3 1
4 2
73
6 6
5%
S
1 4
2 14
3 2
4 10
5 1
0 3
7 20
8^
|foweu i
Woods
Clawpon
MeXl'hols ...
Tuberville
(Hover
6 15
3-5 3-5
4 4
6 8
40 80
30 15
30 50
50 40
Stufflet
<;. Wilson
Time, I:lS%\. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g. by Apache-Llna. Bad start. Won clever-
ly. Second and thtr<l driving. _______
1076.
THIRD RAG£- Seven furlonga;
; purse, $300.
1049 Joe Levy ..109 ilO " ... 4% 13 ■•• 12 Thorpe ...
Sis®* 10T5 ::: 12 2 SI ... 2 1 Tonu^
f™ sitfcoy .112 ... Ch 31. ... 4h Ruiz
if»-5 £i=| 9 ... It 111 ... !'» A. Powell.
IW3 SteSteut .107 2 ... 1% 2 1 ... 8% Piggott...
Irt-? F^ini 112 12 ••• "I 12 ... 9 2 Calms....
| g^a>-::::::::::|i3 ... 1310 % ... I «i«gy
Sa-";::::::::::::»a i ♦"■ » h «i £ a ssssa ■■
Time. 1:32H- Winner. H. E. Whitman's b. g. by George Klnney-Oltvette.
Won easily? Second and' third driving.
10-
5
6
7
4
3
9
2
12
$
U
13
11
n
1
4 4
12 2
6 1
G h
7 2
5 1
9 2
1 4
10 1
2 h
14
13 10
8 1
11 h
1 3
7 1
4 2
3 h
10 Vi
6 4
■11 1
2 1
12
5 h
14
13
9
8 1
1 2
2 1
3 2
4 h
6 1
6 1
7 2
8 %
9 2
10 1
11
12
13
14
orpe ,|
npklns ....
Woods
iz
nnett
.wson
Powell
rgott
7 8
.... 8 12
8 15
10 15
..... 6 7
4 9-2
50 100
7-5 8-5
10 13
.... 8 12
..... -40 75
30 a
10 15
8 Zt
Good start.
7
8
8
10
6
4
50
7-5
10
8
• 40
30
10
8
8
12
15
15
7
9-2
100
9.5
■ 15
12
75
d
15
Zt
irnfi
bcrville ....
Powell
itnpt
11
1
Iden
rvaez
\C\T7 FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
IUC<» purse. $350.
Weight. l St. Std. %m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1047 De us, 4... 108 6 6 1
irtuna, 6 106 9 4 h
(IM2) P.apld<>, a 108 7 7 4
107: Cromwell, 6.# 11 l 1 11
: talre, B 1"S 5 8 n
1023 Veloc, 4 , 104 3 9 1
arro, 5 10s!l0 C 4
' Illiam 08. 5 11l 4 2 1
1087 Lady Hurst. 4 102' 8 10 a
. rt Augustus. 4. ..1071 2 11
-rv NlPvez ; 4 1 ....106J11_J» 1_
34 3 2
5 4 7«
7 1,4 4 h
2h 2 m
4 4 - ■ 5 »4
10 4 8 4
614 6 1..
•11% 14
94 9 4
8 1 10 2
11 11
1 2
6 4
6 4
2 4
4 h
8 4
7 3
Z 1
9 4
10
11
1 4
2 1
3 1
4 2
5 3
6 1
7 »
8 10
9 8
10 4
11
norpe
.. Narvaez. ..
.viz
lawson
überville ....
Powell
. Wilson....
2 3
12 35
• 12 12
6-5 6-5
8 10
60 80
12 15
15 30
5 G
8 10
60 150
rnwley
[cNkhols ...
Iggott
illey
Time. 2:13>....' Winner, B. C. Holly's b. m. by Imp. Chlttabob-lmp. Tempe.
Won easily. Second mm third driving. __________________
3d start.
1078.
FIFTH
; purse, $350.
In.iex.
[ones.
-,ri,n. 3 :^3 2 2 2 4 2 1 2 1 11 Woods. 6-5 U-10
k'KI 3 ::::::::^.^ if U ; |k ;.» : Tu^ue .... ■«■ v
O^Caspar. Ye 108 4 1^ 12 1 * B % 4 1 Piggott ....... 40 5
' "'■ r ; y - 8 $51 o 21 33 4 4 3 4 6 3 G. Wilson.... 8 30
[f%.ii"i 02C 7 3 5?4 6 4 7 1 7 2 Narvaei 50 100
Ul Jlrn £_ 5....100 I 5 ,4 7 3 8 8 8 Oo|den__^._Do_joo
Time, 1:31', Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Morello-PicnSc. Good start. Won
flrs-t three driving. ■ ' •■-.-■■
■■ ■ ~ ~ - . .. —^~
I
1
7
4
I
5
2
6
8
2 2
4 1
6 4
1 4
8
2 1
7 3
6 4
24 2 1
44 3 1
6 '-i 6 2
12 14
8 7 1
33 4 4
54 6 4
7 3 8
2 1
1 h
;4%:
5 4 . ;
6 1-:
3 4
7 1-
8
1 1
2 2
3 h
4 1
5 4
6 3
72
8
iods
.wson
berville ....
:gott
iz
Wilson....
rvaez
Iden
lOTQ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; Belling; maiden three-year-olds; purse. $300.
~i^ix7 Horses. Weight. St. Km. %m. %m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. ~~6p.
1003 «-*rbin«r .......... T~..i 12 IW — ; 1 § Xf t '"i;iV . |
iSS a?nus-:::;::::;::^ i, ... II ' £ ... <h Frawley ::: 'I
:J & Biak-;:::::::::^ ? ::: II I? ::: . « X'« B '° W °::: g ;
ta .:::::::::::::^ 1 ::.• : ii ■ ?? •■• jf : *£_=■_
cyar, 10110 ... 9H 9 ••■ »2 Wickllne 30
1046 Brown Prince" '....lo4 4 ... 10 4 10 ... 10 10 Clawson 6
I*s Fallen iVincess . . .. 97 U ... 11 11 ■■• 11 Garrison 20.
6
5 :
2
3
7
8
1
9
10
4
11
1 2
3 1
2 h
4 2
7 2
0:2
5 4
8 2 .
9 M . .".
10 4 ;
. 11
14
4
h
h
3 .
4
2
-...-- 12™
... ■ 2 2
... 8 2
4 h
... 5 1
6 4
7 4
86'
... 9 2
10 10
... 11
Tiorpe ..;....
'lggott ..:.:..
"übervllle ....
Yawley
fal Brown. . .
:iley .
tuiz ■•:
I'oods "..'..'•...
n-kllne ....;
3 5-2
6 7-2
10 20
6 8
IS 100
30 30
15 25
2 4
30 100
6 6
20 30
lawson
arrtgan ;
Time 1:04. Winner. Covin#rton & Kent's b. c. by Clarendon-Grape Shot.
Won all out. Becond and third driving.
d start.
-4
Second Race — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
IC€2 Rey Hooker ...102 (1052)Mallakwa 106
1034 Baby King .... 95 .... My Dear 96
1057 Brltomartis 92 1052 Zaeatosa 85
1063 Polka 95
Third Race — Five furlonge; two-year-olds;
selling.
1057 Amoltopec 98 1039 The Fretter ....101
<1039)Owyhee 107 10T0 Leo Vertner ... 98
(104G) Bane wor 103
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
3059 Buckwa 115 1078 Lost Girl 103
1042 San Marco 112 1042 Earl Cochran..lo9
1041 Morellito 106 1044 Masoero 109
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
1065 Lady Ashley . .105 !(1055)Flan<Jes 110
825 Nora Richards. los I 1068 Mistleton 110
1072 El Moro 110 1071 Los Prletos ...107
IMB Master Marinerlo7 1071 Rose Maid 105
107G Magnus 107
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling;
four- year-olds and upward.
1075 Ricardo 10G 10G1 Howard 106
1073 Major Cook ....101 404 Rejected 106
1062 Barnato I^2 1032 Grandezla 97
1040 Shasta Water.. lo2
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Salisbury 11, Navy Blue, St. Dis
taff.
Second Race— Mallakwa, Rey Hooker, Brlto
martls.
Third Race— Owyhee, The Fretter, Banewor.
Fourth Race— Morellito, San Marco, Buckwa.
Fifth Race— Flandes, Lady Ashley, Mistleton.
Sixth Race— Shasta Water, Howard, Major
Cook.
ORIOLES AND BROWNS
WIN AT BASEBALL
Pirates Fail to Hit Nops' Delivery,
and Thornton Causes the Or
phans to Lose.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pct.| Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati .17 4 .809; Plttaburg ..12 13 .480
Cleveland ..16 7 .696 IPhiladelphia1 Philadelphia 9 10 .473
Baltimore ..12 7 .6321 Brooklyn .9 10 .'^:
Boston 15 » .626 St. Louis... 6 16 .Lo«
New T0rk..13 8 .619 Louisville .. C 19 .204
Chicago ....11 10 .626 Washington 4 17 .190
BALTIMORE, May 18.— A base, on balls,
a hit batsman, an error and a single gave
the Plttsburgs their two runs in the sec
ond. In the other innings the visitors
could do nothing with Nops" delivery. At
tendance, 1800. Score:
Baltimore \ 12 4
Plttsburg » ° *
Batteries— Nops and Clarke: .Tannehill ana
Schriever. Umpires— Emßlle and Andrews.
CHICAGO, May 18.— Thornton hit three
batsmen in succession and was pounded
! safely four times in the fourth inning.
I Six runs resulted. Attendance. 1200.
Score: r. h. a
Chicaaro ♦ 12 J
St. Louis 11 1* J
Batteries— Thornton and Donahue; Sudhoft
and Sugden. Umpires— O" Pay and McDonald.
The stirring story of the heroic ser
vices to the Union of the only woman
made a major in the regular army will
be in next Sunday'sjTall.
I/elechiari Handed Over.
Giuseppe Delechiari. the fish peddler ar
rested by Sergeant Christlanson for
passing counterfeit half-dollar pieces,
was handed over to the Federal authori
ties yesterday and released on furnish
ing bonds in the sum of $500. Alfred it.
Treadwell appeared as his counsel.
Condemned Dried Fruits.
A ton and a half of dried fruits and
similar wares was condemned by Inspec
tor Dockery yesterday and the stuff was
taken to the fertilizing works. The stuff
belonged to Reid's Cash Store on Seventh
street.
Read Bret Harte's thrilling new story,
"Salomy Jane's Kiss," in next Sunday's
Call.
Reception to Missionaries.
The Presbyterian Mission Home, 920
Sacramento street, will observe the visit
of the large party of missionaries from
China and India by holding a reception In
their honor between the hours of 3 and 5
this afternoon. _
Try the "Koh-I-Xoor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others.'
The number of people who have lived
upon the earth since the time of Adam
is calculated to be somewhere abo-it
36,627,844,600,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, . 1898.
DARLINGS OF HIGH DEGREE.
Some of the Beauties of the Blue-Blooded Show Now at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
GO TO THE
BOW-WOWS!
So Society and Sport
Recommend.
THE BENCH SHOW IS OPENED
A LONG LIST OF AWARDS AL-
BEADY ISSUED.
Dogs and Dog-Lovers Are Now Hav
ing Their Day of Delight at
the Pavilion.
Dog: days are in.
Any person who has the least doubt
that man's best friend is in evidence
should repair immediately to Mechanics'
Pavilion and see for himself.
The San Francisco Kennel Club, which
is composed of sportsmen who take spe
cial pride in exhibiting dog flesh coated
with silken hairs, is now in session. The
club and its many friends congregate
daily in tho big Pavilion, where dogs of
all breeds, colors, pedigrees and every
thing else combined that will tend to
make dogs what they should be when on
dress parade, are to be seen from the
hour of opening until the hour of closing.
This is the second annual dog show, or
bench show, more properly speaking,
which is bfing held under the auspices of
the San Francisco Kennel Club, and
judging from the numbers of high-class
"bow-wows" that are on the superior
benches, which are with and without
wires— barbed wires excepted— it goes
without saying that success should most
assuredly crown the efforts . of the pro
moters of dogdom who are endeavoring
to show superior stock, which can only
be attained through conscientious and
careful breeding. .
Curs of all kinds and colors can be seen
on -the streets of this city at all times,
but If the . people who take the least In
terest in high-class dogs desire to see ca
nines of superior- quality which beget
good breeding they must necessarily visit
Mechanics' Pavilion and judge for them
selves. . ;:• ■" ■ '.'."■■ "■■■ ■'■■ ' ■"■ ■ -". • ' :.>■ ',■ ■
The grand and intelligent head of the
noble St. Bernard is a study of admira
tion; the silken coat and beautiful feather
of the English setter attracts the eye
of the sportsman and fancier; the basso
prof undo tones that are sweet to the ear
of the hunter emanates from the ken
nels of the foxhound and at close range
the snarls - and yelps of the ; foxterriera
cannot fall ■. to \ convince the most skepti
cal of observers that there Is really mu
sic In the savage breast. . t..~
The Judge. George Bell, was uo to his
eyes in business all day yesterday and
?ast evening, segregating the bad : stock
from the good; and with few exceptions
his awards were considered by local ex
perts as being very commendable.: To the
Judge's credit : it must be » said that he
loses very : little time, : excepting where
dogs are very closely matched in points
of quality, in deciding which ones are ;
entitled to the ribbons. Mr. Bell had no
little task, however,' in deciding; the win
ners of the greyhound classes. ; The long
tails j that came before '■■ his critical " eye
were an I exceptionally fine . aggregation ■of
"fliers.", ; His '■ selections, - although not
pleasing :, to ; all < observers," were i accepted
generally . as being first \ class. It - would
be <•■ an - act •: of > utter , impossibility for • •:< a
Judge to ■ give general ! satisfaction ,to ; the
fanciers of : the allkcoated greyhound. *■>: ;;; : |-'
The kennels ; are : not as s profusely dec
orated this ; year as ;In past years, when
prizes - were offered for the ■ best-decorated
kennels. .i Still , v there ' are ? some > benches '.
which | show : very .marked i taste, r and this
is very i manifest ' In r the \ tiers ' which i are
occupied 3by i the ; little ; growlers ;; so ;: dearly
cared for by the ladies. . ;-
In the English setter class is Harry p.
Scott'B Count. The dog is an excellent
animal, ajid a few weeks ago it received
considerable notoriety by swimming
across the bay from Berkeley to rejoin
his master, who had lost him there.
Awarding the Prizes.
The show Is excellently managed. Su
perintendent Oldham has natural execu
tive ability which has been enhanced by
hi 6 military training. He and Dr. F. W.
d'Evelyn were both on General Roßerts'
staff on his famous march to Candahar.
Judge Bell on .the opening night has
proved that his reputation for firmness
and fairness has been well and fairly
earned. He is not afraid to withhold
prizes from dogs that do not deserve them
and that is the kind of judge wanted in
California, What is needed here is canine
education to show the people that any
oid dog Is not good to win a prize, and
what W required for that purpose is
plenty of good blood and breeding.
The mastiffs as a class were superior to
the lot usually shown here. California
Cube is a puppy dog of such promise that
if ne develops accordingly he will grow
into a phenomenon. Major was the win
ner in the open and limit classes and
Leon In the novice. In the winners the
phenomenal pup won out with Major
as reserve. Major showed up in poor con
dition, being far too fleshy, and having
sustained an injury to one of his legs
lately, was slightly lame. In this class
Mr. Bell's judgment was above criticism.
In bitches. Lola was shown with her
coat half shed and plainly showing lack
of proper conditioning. Withal, she won
first In open and limit classes, beating
Baby Ruth in the latter with ease. Cali
fornia Echo won in the puppy and Juno in
the novice. The winner's prize fell to
California Echo and the reserve to Juno.
Here, too, Judge Bell awarded the prizes
with excellent judgment.
In Great Danes, Mr. Bell's awards were
faulty and lacked in some instances the
appreciation of quality which character
ized nis mastiff decisions. In the puppieH
he opened by withholding ilrst and see
on- from Commodore Dewey, who did not
sustain the reputation of his high name,
and was barely entitled to the third prize.
In puppy bitches, Lady Londesborough
took first over Olga, which, however, sur
passed the winner in head tmd body, and
should have received the first The third
was justly withheld. The \ H C and H C
bitches should have been passed without
notice? dogs, Czar was way ahead of
In novice dogs. Czar was way ahead of
all competitors, and Jim Corbytt. the sec
ond dog, was miles behind, with the
others out of the race. . ••;- .-;■ ■ .::'
In novice bitches Thelma should have
been placed over. Rebecca, who is weak in
fore and hind legs and good only In head.
In "limit" dogs Blinker. Murphy shows
great character, but is not the best brindlo
ever shown here. ,= However, he was
rightly awarded first place over Roderick
Dhu. who should have given way to Cor-
Ba in . limit bitches = there was little ,to
choose betwen Queen C and Queen Olga,
yet the latter has the better carriage and
should have received the award.
In open dogs Rex R, as usual, scored
over Ivan, who* was properly placed over
Defender. Both the two .first, dogs are
full of character, Rex R having the bet
ter expression, but Defender cannot com
pare with either except in body, and even
that is too thick for the breed. :; ■■ ,; ..._.-.
In open bitches - Mr. Bell committed ; a
glaring and palpable mistake, for neither
the first nor second bitch ran compare
with j Juanita. who ,, to the surprise of all
beholders was placed third. , ■■■ :^ :-;;«•'■'«:■
How on t earth *'- Mr. Bell could place
Queen first and Orchard Trilby second
and Juanita last is ; more than 1 can un
derstand. Orchard Trilby was rightly
placed, but Juanita and Queen should
have changed places, for the former is as
far superior to the latter as aHambleton
ian to a ' dray . horse. j Juanita surpasses
the others in 1 every - essential to ■ the
make-up of , a good Great ■ Dane, and Or
chard Trilby excels Queen in body and
limbs, though ; not in expression. . =^v vv-
Blinker Murphy ; was rightly given the
winner's prize, with ; Rex R as reserve,
and i Queen most . improperly received the
award am the winner's class of the
bitches, .^v „
<■?. Rough-coated St. Bernards were not
up : to the ' average. '< In •: the puppy class
Pacha"' was rightly placed first. He has a
typical » head ■ and "** good - • markings, * but
seems . weak sin his s hind quarters. -- This
may improve with age. Parnell and ; Ma
jor" McKinley i were : properly placed with
second and ', third. ; :
; In novice class, Barry ; of Glen Rosa
won first;- his markings are excellent and
he shows much promise.: Second:, prize
fell to Duke, and the other exhibits of. the
class were ' poor. > ' ■ . r c
One •novice-bitch : was shown, ... and of
such poor quality that the first prize was
withheld and the bitch, Lady Juanita R. !
received more than her due in the second
prize.
In limit dogs the order of the first two ;
was the same as the novice. Barry of i
Glen Rosa scored first and Duke D sec- :
ond; but King Menelek should have been
placed over him, as he is superior to the
Duke in head marking, body and limbs.
In limit hitches, Ramona W was the
only one shown. She is a sound specimen,
with fair marking, head and body, and
was rightly entitled to the first prize.
In open dogs Mr. Bell was again at
fault. The order of the winners was:
Prince Othmar first, Duke D second, ;
King MenHpk third and Omar Khayam j
last; hut both the second and third dogs j
are better than the first, which was
wrongly awarded the winner's reserve.
King Menelek was the best of the lot, and |
should have received the reward. Prince
Othmar lacfes quality, uiul is weak in
body nnd limbs.
In open bitches, Montana ■ Queen was
awarded first over Alta Berna. who be
gins to show her age; yet she is a better
bitch than the winner, and should have
received the award. Her head is mag
nificent and her body and marking su
perior to Montana Queen's.
The winner's prize in dogs fell to Barry
of Glen Rosa, a tine dog, and the reserve
to Prince Ohmar, who was inferior to at
least two of the other dogs shown.
The winner of the bitches was Montana
Queen, with Ramona \V as reserve.
In smooth coated St. Bernards there
was little fault to be found with the
Judge's decisions. One puppy was shown,
Fulro of Havenstein, a very poor speci
men, with a very poor coat. Both first
prizes were withheld, and he was award
ed third.
Of the two novice dogs Ormonde, a fine
young dog, full of character, with a good
head, body and coat, was awarde-J nrst
over Leo of Havenstein, inferior in every
respect.
In limit dogs Ormonde was alono and
received first.
In open dogs Leo of Havenstein was
properly placed over Tom, a worse speci
men by fur than the winner.
That beautiful smooth coated bitch
Bianca II was absent (doubtless owing
to the error in the premium list), and as
she was the only smooth coated bitch en
tered no prizes In that class were
awarded.
In the winners Ormonde was again
placed first over Leo. reserve.
A poorer class of Newfoundlands has
never been shown in San Francisco.
In the novice bitches Gypsie was alone,
and all prizes withheld.
In the limit dogs Rey S and Sanco met
the same fate, and both go ribbonless.
In the open dogs and bitches one dog
w;is shown, George M. a fair but not re
markable specimen. He was well treated
in getting the first in his class and there
by scoring a winner's prize.
In fleerhound puppy dogs and bitches,
the dog Marco deservedly took the first,
hia litter sister Thora IV being placed sec
ond. Both are good pups full of promise.
In novice dogs Polo, a fairly good dog,
was alone and was awarded first.
In limit dogs and bitches. Valiant took
first over Thora 111. Both are so good
that the positions might have been re
versed without exciting invidious com
ment.
In open dogs and bitches. Lassie H, a
remarkably fine and handsome bitch, took
first, and Highland Chief second; the
third prize was withheld, and Derby
awarded V. H. C. only. In this connection
it may be well to call attention to the
severe commentary afforded by this de
cision on the Judging of Mr. Mortimer two
years ago, when the latter awarded to
Derby the place of second best dog in the
show.
The attendance was enormous and
among the crowd of exhibitors and spec
tators was heard less grumbling than at
any show ever held on this Coast. The
lot of a bench show judge in California is
proverbially hard, but Judge Bell seems <c
have fallen on a bed of roses. He is cer
tainly most conscientious and bids fair to
justify the high expectations formed by
his freinds on the Coast.
J. P. NORMAN.
The following were the awards:
MASTIFFS.
Puppies, dog-K— First, W. E. Meek, Haywarda,
Cal.. California Cube. Bitches"— First, Frank P.
Thwaites. Oakland, Cal.. California Echo.
Novice, dogs— First, Mrs. John Staude. 815 Pa
cific street, San Francisco. Leon; second, C. A.
iiprecKelß. Burlingame. Cal.. Jack. Bitches—
First, J. V. Geary, 35 New Montgomery street,
San Francisco. Juno; seo>nd, Theo. Lewdewig,
9 Herman street, San Francisco. Rosa Belle.
Limit, doffs— First. J. P. Norman, Belmont,
Cal., Major. Bltehfs— First, Mrs. J. P. Nor
man, B«?!mont. Cal., Lola; second, Mrs. John
StHude, Sls Pacific street, San Francisco, Baby
Ruth.
Open, dogs— First. J. P. Norman, Belmont,
Cal., Major. Bitches— First, Mrs. J. P. Nor
man, Belmont, Cfil., Lola.
GREAT DANES.
Puppies, dogs— M. B. Livingston, West Berke-
ley, Cal., Commodore Dewey. Bitches— H. C,
Marshall J. Fairfield, 30a Thirtieth street, San
Francisco, Yukon; first, Alfred Funke. 251
Clementina street. San Francisco, Lady Londes
brough; second, Charles Crewe. Wept Berkeley,
Cal., Olga; V. H. C. William Schmidt, 34S
lentil Klre^t. San Francisco, Trilby.
Novice, Josrs— Thlid. Oscar Heyman, 11 Mont
gomery Htrf-et. S.tn Francisco, Corsair; second,
H. F. Anderson, Ben Lomond, Cal.. Jim Cor- j
beft; V. H. C», Mrs. H. F. Anderson, Ben
Lomond. Cal., Fitzsimmons; H. C, Samuel
Hermann, 1!?13 Plnp street, San Francisco,
Tiger H; first. Charles Dressier. 1730 Market
street. Czar. Bitches— Second, F. H. Hartman,
758 San Jose avenue, San Francisco, Thelma;
first, Charles Dressier. 1730 Market street. San
Francisco, Rebecca; third, Mrs. J. A. Sargent,
Sargents. Cal.. Bluette.
Limit, dogs— Third, Oscar Heyman, 11 Mont
gomery street. San Francisco, Corsair; second,
Gilbert Simpson. West Berlwtey. Cal., Roderick
Dim; first, Charles Dr»deer. 17TO Market street,
i San Francisco, Bi inker Murphy. Bitches—Sec
ond, Mrs. B. Bryon, AlamWa, Cal.. Queen
Olga; first, John Live Cunningham, 1406 Alice
street. Oakland. Cal.. Queen C; third, G. Lund
borg 2 Geary place San Francisco. Mono.
Open, dogs— V. H. C, John Pfankuch, Enter
prise Brewery, San Francisco, Donau; H. C,
Twin Peaks, kennels, Captain C. G. Saxe, 810
Elizabeth street. San Francisco. Defender;
third, C. Pardl, 1190 Valencia street. San Fran
cisco. Tiger; first. Mrs. A. Roncorterl, 722 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco, R.-x R; second.
John Love Cunningham, 1406 Alice street, Oak
land. Cal.. Cunningham's Challenge Ivan.
Bitches— First. Mrs. A. Roncovieri. 72L' Califor
nia street. Queen; third, John Love Cunning
ham, 1406 Alice street, Oakland, Ca!., Cham
pion Juanita; second, Charles Dresser. 1730
Ilarkst street, San Francisco, Orchard Trilby.
ST. BERNARDS (ROUGH-COATED).
Puppies dogs— Second, Hermann Strecn, 114%
Shotwell street. Pan Francisco, Parnell; first.
Mr* V. C. Drlfneld, 1125 Leavenworth street.
San Francisco, Pasha; third, C. J. Bllladue. 3?3
Everett street, Portland, Or., Major McKinley.
Novice, dogs— Reserved, A. Magnus, 131
Hayes street," San Francisco, Roby; reserved,
William Cortell, 272 Eleventh street, Oakland,
Cal.. Commodore Dewey; first. Mrs. C. Liv
ingston, Carpinterla, Cal., Barry of Glen Rosa;
third, E. F. Mitchell. Fresno, Cal., Fresno
bruiser; V. H. C. Mrs. Sidney A. Loth, Bald
win Hotel, San Francisco, Rex Nicodemus the
Great; second, Mark G. Jones, Los Angeles,
Cal.. Duke D. Bitches— Second. Mrs. H. Raw
llnson, 1415 Larkln street, San Francisco, Lady
Juanita R.
Limit, does— Third. Mrs. C. Q. Sajte, SlO
Elizabeth street, San Francisco, King Mene
lek; first, Mrs. C. Livingston, Carpenteria, Cal..
Barry of Glen Roea; second, Mark G. Jones,
Los Angeles, Cal., Duke D. Bitches— First, H.
A. Wegener, 1319 Waller street, San Francisco,
Ramona V.'.
Open, dog* -Reserve, Miss Tillie Lorraine,
Los Angeles, Cal., Omar Khayyam; third,
Mrs C G. Saxe, 810 Elizabeth street, San
Francisco. King Menelek; first. Miss May Hes
thal. Hotel Savoy. San Francisco, Prince Oth
mar; V. H. C A. E. Sbarboro, 3401 Washing
ton street, San Francisco, California Bernardou
Jr.; second. Mark G. Jones. Los Angeles. Cal.,
Duke D. Bitches— First, Mrs. E. F. Beck, 605
Polk street, San Francisco, Montana Queen;
second. Emll Pferdner, Victoria, B. C, Cham
pion Alta Berna.
ST. BERNARDS (SMOOTH-COATED).
Puppies, dogs— Third, F. Frey, San Rafael.
Cal. Fnlro of Hauensteln.
Novice, dogs— First. W. B. Irvine, 3721
Twenty-second street, San Francisco, Or
mnnde; second, F. Frey, San Rafael, Leo of
Hauenstein.
Limit, dogs— First, W. B. Irvine. 3721
Twenty-second street. San Francisco^ Ormonde.
Open, dogs— Second, F. H. Hayes, San Rafael,
Cal., Tom; first. F. Frey, San Rafael, Cal.,
Leo of Hauensteln.
NEWFOUNDLANDS.
Open, dogs and bitches— First, William Merz,
1807 Haight street, San Francisco, George M.
DEERHOUNDS.
Puppies, dogs and bitches— Second, Dr. W. F.
Mc*Nuit. 1220 Sutter street, San Francisco,
Thora IV; 3rst, Dr. W. F. McNutt. San Fran
cisco. Marco.
Novice, do^s— First, Dr. W T . F. McNutt. San
Francisco, Polo. _
Limit, dogs and bitches— Second. Dr. W. F.
McNutt, San Francisco, Thora III; first, Clin
ton E. Worden, 1101 California street, San
Francisco, Valiant.
Open, dogs and bitches— First, Mrs. William
a Hooper 1200 Jones street. San Francisco,
Lasfiie H; V. H. C, Dr. W. F. McNutt, San
Francisco, Derby: second, Clinton E. Worden,
1101 California street, San Francisco, Highland
Chi<s*.
GREYHOUNDS.
Puppies, dogs— First, W. C. Glasson, Union
Coursing Park San Francisco, Petronlus.
Bitches— Third. Mrs. P. A. Williams, 1207 Claus
Spreckelw building, Clare B.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ever Tin mum
Mhu, \m \Hfc i nil
V LEI 111 J .IIL LLnUi
With a MASTER HAND That Knows NO
OPPOSITION, a Rare Combination of • Skill
and Experience, the ENGLISH AND GER-
! MAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS of 731 Market
■ street Conquer Chronic Diseases.
They Stand the Test of Time.
Many years have elapsed since the English
'. and German Expert Specialists opened their
Institution for the cure of Chronic and other
l Diseases and Deformities. In curlns . thou-
sands of afflicted men. women and children in
all walks of lite they have builded a monu-
ment of greatness that will be as lasting as
time.
DIAGNOSIS BLANK - and GREAT BOOK
sent Sealed Free, if you cannot call at office.
ENGLISH AND GERMANEXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET. >
Hours, 8-5. Evenings, 7-8. ;; Sundays, 8-1 L
In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who is en
gaged in merchandising, and he calls his place the "Golden Rul©
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails to recom
mend Ripans Tab tiles and to give his own experience with them, which
i he relates as follows: "For fully twenty-five years I have been an
•asthmatic. As a general thing .throughout the winter, I have to re
main indoors at least three or four days in each month. I have suf
fered a great deal— all the precautions I might take did not keep
■me free : : from these terrible attacks. ; About eighteen months ago I ■
commenced taking RIPANS'; TABULES to regulate my stomach. I :
'• am of a bilious temperament, and as ■ soon as I become bilious I am
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all
right, and for the past year ;I i have not been "/confined to the house at
: aIL ■My asthma is not cured— but the attacks are very slight. I_uso
on an average two Tabules every Sunday, one on Wednesday aoa out
*n Friday."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfV Out of the 10 riders who
9 won the .great riders who
won the great 100 mil^
Relay Race rode
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES.
W. O. FTTKM.AN, the winner, who croa««^ .
the tap* first, rode a
CLEVELAND.
F. O. PECK, who made the fastest tim« 0*
tho day for 10 miles, rode a
CLEVELAND.
Experienced Wheelmen who want the bert
Bicycle for Road Riding or Racing select th«
CLEVELAND.
'98 MODELS SELL FOR
$50; $65 and $75.
A liberal allowance made for old Wheels in
exchange. -.'."-
LEAVITT & BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS.
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland.
WHOL7JSALE:
H. A. LOZIER <fe GO.s
304-306 McAllister St.
PHYSICIANS
f unanimously endorse
the CHRISTY SAD-
DLE as a correct
wheel, seat. It posi-
tively prevents saddle
injury of any descrip-
tion. Look out for
cheap imitations. Un-
■■■-■ 1 ■•••■•-■• 1 ■•• 1
scrupulous dealers
may try to palm them off on you, but
see that you get the real Christy.
Fitted to high-grade wheels without
extra charge. For sale everywhere.
Ask to see the new Christy Racing
Saddle. .
Once a Christy rider always a Christy i
advocate. f^ft
• Send for Christy Booklet.
A. G. SPALDfNfi & BROS.,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
/ If: YOU WEAR
/^- Gl asses
SpA and Wish ppompfeflici^ft
; x^gv v service by able andQoui*.
leeys Opticians Qr\ws:,f
OPTICIANS n . K -pR EMCPOc « '
642 Market SiphoTo^APHic
UN«R CHROMICU BUILOING- - ' SllQDlirc .'
Catalogue /*££. SUPPLIES.: 4
mmMM
B HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- B
B Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers |
■In Mouth, Halr-Fallin?? Write COOK KEM- ■
B EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
& CAGO, ILL., ' for proofs of cures. Capitals
J 1600,000. Worst cases cured In lit to 35 days. m
100-pagre book free. V - ■ :
Baja " California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both.
| sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
! kidneys and bladder. A great .Restorative. .
! Invieorator and ; Nervine. Sells on Its - own
■ Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market Street, . S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
K3VI DR. HALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
! SfcaH K^G Five hundred reward for any cos*
wwt HEU| we cannot cure. This secret remedy
m '' " *"■.- -•"• B stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
3sEB HH Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
1 fSJT^ Wffl Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
1 !mJ Will L " st Manhood and all wasting ef-
iSaf, ?im fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■EC22E!5£23> sealed, $2 bottle: 2 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
i for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
■ vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat declined again.
Barley futures firmer.
Oats and Rye dull.
Oom held firmly.
Hay stronger again. Straw weaker.
Beans steady arid quiet.
Coal firm.
Potatoes and old Onions advancing.
■ Poultry dull. '„• . ••' ' '. : >- ; F. ''•>>■■,
Butter easy. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Strawberries lower.
Other fruits about the same.
Dried fruits as before. .
Provisions strong and active.
Hides rising. ■
Another advance In Hogs.
P OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of merchandise and
produce from Northern and Central California
via Southern Pacific lines in April. were 37., 87
tons, as follows: From San Franicsco. 28,940
tons; Oakland. 1293; San Jose, 1818; Stockton,
4232; Sacramento and East. 5489; Marysville,
I"The1 "The leading items were: 421 tons Beans, 493
do Borax, 62.250 gallons Brandy, 1,32i,000 do
Wine 1530 tons Canned Goods, 24 do Deciduous
Fruit, 2807 do Dried Fruit, 894 do Raisins. 11 do
Nuts. 2 do Honey, 44 do Hops. 10 do Hay. 193
do Hides, 395 do Leather, 50 do Potatoes. 330
do Vegetables, 567 do Powder. 89 do Quick
silver 94 do Wool. 850 do Canned Salmon. 39
do Pickled do. ISS do Coffee, 42S do Tea, 13,936
do Sugar and 228 do Rice.
WAR AND BUSINESS.
EVERYTHING BRILLIANT IN SPITE OF
THE SPANISH WAR.
The circular of Henry Clews, the New York
banker, under date of New York, May 14. says:
"It is now nineteen days since the declaration
of war with Spain. Under ordinary condi
tions, the beginning of hostilities upon a
large scale and with imperfect preparations
might be expected to create disturbances of
confidence and serious prostration in all our
markets. This Is no more than has been com
mon In the experience of other nations. But,
In our case, war has thus far been attended
with a marked recovery of confidence in
.finance and a revival of activity in trade. The
"Government is devising plans of heavy taxa
tion and considering the authorization of large
loans; but the country finds in all this no
reason for contracting Its industrial operations,
the people no necessity for reducing their ex
penditures. Labor la well employed, and there
la no shrinkage in values to Indicate a falling
off in demand, but rather a general firmness
in the commercial markets, and. In some, a
material advance in prices. Nor is this rise
in values" due to any interruption of supplies
from other countries, for the Spaniards have
■so far been unable to check the current of our
Imports.. ■-•::•.-.-:. .
"The state of feeling in the financial markets
surpasses the most sanguine expectations. In
anticipation of the war there was some anxiety
among the lenders of capital, which showed
itrelf in a material contraction of the loans of
the metropolitan banks and a disposition
among the interior- hanks to draw home de
posits from their agents in this city. Money
en call was cheap, but only because there was
an Indisposition to employ* it on time loans or
discounts. Within three short weeks all this
is changed. From the interior all reports show
a settled and' confident feeling, and currency
Is flowing hither from the subsidiary financial
centers. The note brokers , of this city, who
in April found it almost impossible to secure
buyers for their paper, are now able to dis
pose of it in about the normal volume. The
city banks are discounting quite freely and
have reduced their rates on time loans by 1%
to 2 per cent. In brief, credit operations have
resumed their normal course. New enterprises,
requiring large investments of capital, which
have been held in suspense for many weeks
in view of the possibilities of war, are now
coming to the front. again, and bankers in the
flotation business seem to be quite hopeful of
the prospect of investors supporting meritori
ous undertakings.
"In the stock market the reaction from the
ante-war depression exceeds all expectation.
Expressing my view in genuine Yankee phrase
and spirit. I should say that American citizens
have enhanced in the world's valuation at
least T>o per cent through the result of th«
American-Spanish war. and everything Ameri
can will appreciate in the same ratio after the
war is over. Admiral Dewey marked up
American history over 100 per cent by smash
ins the Spanish fleet and at the same time
silencing Manila's guns in the short, sharp
and effective way be did it. It was the
American way of doing it. you know, and not.
Spanish. We can take Manila, Cuba. Porto
Rico, the Canary Islands and bang the Spanish
coast all to pieces whenever we want to. We
have the naval commanders; we have the gun
ners, we have the sailors: we have the ships:
we have the pluck: we have the skill; we hav<.
the weapons; we have the food supplies, and
we have the money, too. to back us all the way
through. What, therefore. Is the use of Spain
pretending to fight such a foe? It is simply an
evidence of Imbecility."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig- !
■ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
(or the days: those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches ;
and hundredths during tho last twelve hours. !
Is. bars, or solid line*, connect points of equal j
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal ;
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually- preceded and accompanied j
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually I
first appear en the Washington coast. , When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
•Jons the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain smith of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in Fummer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(ISOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau station* in
California:
Eureka, 52; Fresno. 74; San Diego, 62; Red
Bluff. fiS; Pan Luis Obispo. 64; Independence,
7 n ; f-'arramento, 68; Los Angeles, 62; Yuma. 86.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 56;
minimum. 48; mean, f>2.
WEATIIKH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An extensive area of low pressure overlies
the Missouri Valley and southwestward over
the Rocky Mountain region. The pressure con
tinues to fall over the Pacific slope.
The temperature has fallen over the north
ern half of the Pacific slope and also in North
ern Nevada. Elsewhere it has remained nearly
stationary.
The weather has been generally cloudy, with
ihowen in Washington, Oregon, .Idaho and
Utah and eastward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls, 26 miles per hour from
the southwest; Eureka. 26 northwest; Winne
mucra, 28 southwest; Carson City, 30 south
wept.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 19. 1898:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday, with
fog along the coast in the morning; fresh
northwesterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; warmer north.
Utah — Cloudy Thursday; showers.
Arizona— Cloudy and unsettled Thursday;
ehowers in northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day; fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind west, 36 miles per
bour; temperature, 45: maximum. 82.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
ICEW YORK. May 18.— The bull campaign
Inaugurated yesterday on the Stork Exchange
promised well during the early part of to-day,
but before the close the advantage gained
earlier had all been lost and prices as a rule
were lower than last night, not only in the
specialties whose weakness Ptopped the ad
vance, but In the starfdard stocks and in those
which had led the advance as well. At the
opening the bull contingent had to face a series
of declines for Americans in London, but the
tendency of the London market after its open
ing was upward and the declines there were
ignored, prices here opening higher all along
the line. There was a fair volume of orders
to buy, which had come to commission houses
overnight as a result of the strength displayed
yesterday, and there was no selling for London
account to amount to anything. The early ad
vance was continued with vigor and confidence
led by People's Gas and Rock Island, which
gained about IV4 per cent each. The unsettled
tone of Tnbacco'and the large volume of trans
actions in it gave the first check to the ad
vance. When very heavy offerings of Sugar
were joined to those of Tobacco the bull cam
paign received an effectual check for the day
anil was not renewed. There was a conspicu
ous movement of Rubber preferred on the
strength of the good statement of the com
pany's business made at yesterday's annual
meeting. The price rose at one time 5% per
it-nt. The weakness In Sugar and Tobacco be
er, me more pronounced as the day progressed,
the extreme decline in both stocks reaching
to within a small fraction of four points. This
proved too heavy a burden for the market to
carry and prices fell away on a very dull
market until near the close, when there was
animation on realizing. The stringent meas
ures adopted by the Government to stop the
publication of news of naval operations has
proved efficacious, and information seemed to
be entirely lacking In Wall street to-day. This
tended to beget some feeling of nervousness
and doubt, which helped on the reaction. The
money market was not quotably lower to-day.
Bonds were dull all day and prices moved
very narrowly, but were well held In the late
reaction In the stock market. Total sales
$1,800,000.
United States new 4s coupon were % per cent
lower in the bid price. Others were un
changed. There were sales of the old 4s
registered at 108 H. a decline of % per cent from
the preceding sale.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 335,100
shares, including: 9400 Atchison preferred.
J7OO C. and 0.. 17,700 Burlington. 61,200 Louis
ville and Nashville. 7300 Manhattan, 4200 Mis
souri Pacific, 4700 Northern Pacific preferred.
68.500 Ro.-k Island, 39.600 St. Paul, 12.200 Union
Pacific preferred. 73,600 American Tobacco. 4400
Chicago Great Western, 21,406 People's Gas,
51.900 American Sugar, '.'2OO Rubber, 7600 do pre
ferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Ches & Ohio 21 fit P & Oma 75
Chi & Alton. 159 Do prefd 148
»'hi B & Q.. 100% Ft P M & M 132
Chi & X 111 50 V-o Pacific 14%
(' CC& St L 30% V ; o Railway 8%
Do prefd.. 80 Do prefd 28%
Del & Hudson 105% texas & Pacific .. 10%
Del L & W.: 134 Union Pacific 57%
pel & Rio G 10% VPD &. G PA
Do prefd 43}; VVabash 7%
Erie (new) 12% Do prefd 18%
Do first prefd.... 34 Wheel &L E 2%
Fort Wayne 168 Do prefd 11
Pt Nor prefd 160 ' Express companies—
Atchison 11% Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 30% Aemrlcan Ex 123
Pal & Ohio 171.i United States ..... 40
Can Pacific S2 7,*7 ,* Wells-Fargo ......115
Can Southern 50% Miscellaneous-
Cent Pacific 12 A Cot Oil 22
Hocking Val 60 Do prefd 724
Illinois Cent 103 | Amer Spirits ...... 11%
Lake Erie & W.... 15 Do prefd 25%
Do prefd 71% Amer Tobacco 108%
Lake Shore 186 Do prefd US
Louis & Nash 53 people's Gas 96%
Manhattan L 101% Ton Gas 190
Met St Ry 160 Com Cable Co ....150
Mich Cent .........103 Col F & Iron 21%
Minn & St L 26 Do prefd 90
Do first prefd .. 84 On Electric 35%
Mo Pacific 33% 1 Illinois Steel 48%
Mobile & Ohio 28 Laclede Gas 46
Mo X & T 10% Lead 32%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 106
Chi Ind ft L 9 Nat Lin Oil 19
Do prefd 27- Pr Imp Co 27%
N J Central it-, Pacific Mail 27%
N r V Central 114% Pullman Pal 180%
NT V Chi &St L... 13 Silver Certificates. 57%
Do Ist prefd .... 65 |Uan Rope & T.... 4%
Do 2d prefd .... 31U Sugar 133%
Nor West 134 Do prefd 11l
No Amer Co 5 4 TC & Iron 24%
No Pacific 25% O 8 Leather 67«6 7 «
Do prefd 64% Do prefd 63%
Ontario & W 14% U S. Rubber 20%
Or R & Nay 4<t Do prefd 77
Dr Short Line .... 29 West Union 59%
Pittsburg 1....16S Chi &N W .124%
Reading 174 Do prefd 168
(lock Island 1004 ft L & S W 4%
St Louis & S F.... 74 Do prefd 10%
Do Ist prefd .... 60% R G W 22
Do 2d prefd .... 25% Do prefd 53
fit Paul 95% Chi G W 13%
Do prefd 144% Haw Com Co ..... 17%
Heading Ist prefd. 43%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s .12216! Do fours 105
Do coupon 122% No Pad lsts 116%
U S fours ...109 Do 3s 60
Do coupon 11l Do 4s ....95
Do seconds 95 KYC& St L .104
P 5 5s reg 111% Nor & W 6s 117
Do 5s coup lll'ij [Northwestern C0n. 140 .
District 3 658 113^! Do deb os -.114%
Ala Class A 105% 0 Nari lsts 115
Do B 108% p Nay 4s P5%
Do C 90 0 S Line 6s, t r.,123
Do Currency .... 90 (> S Line ss. t r..W2%
AfhiF<»- fours 89% D Imp lsts, t r 109%
Do <=•*, fours .... 63% Do os, t r 58
Can So seconds ..108 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
Chi Term 84% Reading fours .... 82%
{■ & Ohio os 111.. 1 11 G W lsts 82%
C, H & D 4%5....104%.?bt L & Ir M C Es. 95%
I) « R G lsts 105 *'• L& S F Gen 6a.117%
D & R G 4s 90 'Ft P Con 142
past Term lsts ...106 B Paul C& P lsts'.ll6%
Erie Gen 4s 71% Do fives 115%
F W & D lsts.tr.. 71 F Car non-fund... —
pen Elect 5s 103 po RT 5s ........ 91%,
G H &S A 6s. 105 Stan Rope & T 6s. 63
■ Do seconds 105% Term new set 3s .. 86
H & T C 5s 110 Tex Pac L G lsts.lo3
Do con 6s 104 Do reg 2ds 33
lowa C lsts ......101 V P D & Gulf lsts 5.
La new consols 45.100 Wabash first 5s ..106%
\. & N Unt 4s 88 Do seconds 81%
Missouri 6s 100 |W Shore fours ....107
M X & T 2ds 61 !Va Centuries ...... 68
Do fours 87%' Do deferred 3
N V Cent lsts....H7H U P prefd 57%
N J C 5s 112% Do fours 92%
North Carolina 6r.122%1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 151 Ontario 2 75
Crown Point 5; Ophlr 35
Con Cal & Va 50: Plymouth V)
peadwood 75, Quicksilver 100
Doald & Curry.... 15; Quicksilver prefd. 2 0:)
Hale & Norcross. 73] Nevada ... 50
Homestake 40 o'' {Standard 155
Iron Silver 45 Union Con 5
Mexican 5 Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 18.— Atchison, 12: Bell Tele
phone, 2f.3; Burlington. lTO'i; Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, 29.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 18.— Close: Money on call
steady. V&&8 per cent: last loan, lVi per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 4 1 .i'5'6 per cent; ster
ling exchange strong, with actual business In
bankers' hills at $4 56 1 4@4 86% for demand and
J4 8404 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83%
(&4 87; commercial bills, $4 fc2%; silver certifi
cates, 67 l i©6Bcj bar silver, 57'j7'i'.X%o; Mexican
dollars, 45*4 c; Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, dull; railroad bonds, steady.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 18.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: There have
been no more capital scare speeches, so the
stock markets here were better to-day. Amer
icans and mines closed at about the best.
Spanish 4's were exceptionally flat, being sold
from Madrid. Grand Trunk was booming on
good traffic reports.
Spanish 4's closed at 32H, a net loss of %.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 85%; Grand Trunk, B\i; bar
silver Fteady, 26 7-16 d per ounce: money, 2%@3
per cent. '
PARIS. May 18.— Spanish 4's closed at 32%, a
net loss of %.
MADRID. May 18— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 59.65. Gold was quoted at 89.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 18.— FLOUR— Receipts, 14,
580 barrels; exports, 10.392 barrels. Market
weak and lower, following wheat. Minnesota
patents. JG S f ><a~ 25; winter patents, $6 50@7; do
straits. $6 K@fi 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 215.515 bushels; exports,
101,512 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2. $1 51% t. o.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak and
experienced little relief all day, the close be
ing at 2H<§;4%c net decline, the latter on May.
No. 2 red May. $153^154, closed $153; July,
$1 12%^ 1 15%, closed $1 17%.
WOOL— Quiet.
HOPS— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— IJuII.
METALS— Tha market continues Inactive,
with variations in prices unimportant. At the
close to-day:
PlGlßON— Warrants were unchanged at $8 76
bid and V asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet: $12 bid, $12 20 asked.
TlN— Dull; ?14 SO bid. $14 55 asked.
SPELTER— Firm; $4 25 bid. $4 30 asked.
LEAD- Easy; $3 60 bid, $3 65 asked. The firm
fixing the settling price for miners and 'smeli
ere quotes lead at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options closed barely steady at a
decline, of 5(glO points. Sales, 12,750 bags, in
cluding May, $5 70; September, $5 65. Spot cof
fee—Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice. 6%c; No. 7 job
bing, "Ac; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@15&c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher; fair refin
ing, S%c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4^c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9000 packages. Steady
Western creamery. 14@15%c; Elgins, 16*4 c; fac
tory, 12#13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,315 packages. Steady;
Western, 10^c.
DRIED FRUIT.
'. "•• NEW YORK. i May 18.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong, other fruits firm.
■ EVAPORATED •■ A i'PLES— Common. 6@B%c
prime wire tray, 9@9Uc; _; wood-dried, prime,
9M.®9Ho;> choice, 9%c; fancy, 9%@10c. ■.
PRUNES-4®B\iC. ■- . ■ ■::■%■: / . / ■''■ i '-.
APRICOTS— Royal, J@loc; Moorjpai*; ; 10®12c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bcj peeled. 12@14c.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 18.— It was a weak day in
Wheat, with the cables for the first time in
a long while proving a bear motive. Liverpool
was 2@3d lower, Paris loQooC lower, Antwerp
off 2"'Sf:6c. 'Western receipts were not so large
as they have been, but there was perfect
weather and good crop reports from every di
rection, even from abroad. The speculative
trade was light and pit temper excitable, al
though decidedly bearish. Declines were suf
fered all around in every market in the world.
July opened lc lower at $1 07, rose to $1 074,
declined to $1 05 and recovered to $1 05%. May
ranged from $1 40 to $1 50 and closed at the
lowest.
Corn for a while to-day showed steadiness.
It finally broke with Wheat, July showing a
loss of %c at the close.
Oats were neglected, but remained rather
steady. July closed %c lower.
The Provision market to-day proved a puzzle.
The market early made a dip, but as the ses
sion advanced the trading showed surprising
steadiness. Packers were buyers. At the close
July pork was 74c, lard 24c and ribs 5c
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ,■." ; -
May 149 150 140 1 40
July 107 1074 105 105%
September ......... 89% 89% 88 • 88% I
December ...... 85% 85% 84 84
Corn No. 2—
May 86 36 ■ 35 35 ,
July ." 35% 36% 35V4 35% j
September i 36% 37% 86 , 86%
Oats No. 2—
May 29%.. 80 29% 30
July 264 26% 26% 26%
September 23% 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May , 12 12*4
July ....12 00 12 32% 12 00 12 30
September ....12 80 12 40 12 26 13 40
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 6 66
July 8 62% 6 67% 680 6 674
September 6 67% 6 72% ' 6 67% 8 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May '640
July 880 6 42% «80 640
September 6 35 6 60 6 36 8 47%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, slow; No. 2 spring Wheat. $1 15@1 20;
No. 3 spring Wheat, f. o. b., $1 10« l 35; No. 2
red. $1 45(0-1 50; No. 2 Corn, 37<jf37%c; No. 2
Oats. 29V.i?30c; No. 2 white. 33@334c; No. 3
white. 3tVS3O%c; No. 2 Rye, 67c; No. 2 Barley,
44!ft50c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 38; Prime Timothy
Seed, $2 60*5-2 65; Mess Pork, per barrel. $12 lo^
1? 29; Lard, per 100 pounds. $6 60@6 624: Short
Rib Sides, loose, $6 35^6 65; Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed, 6@5%c; Short Clear Sides,
boxed, $6 75@6 85.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,500 12,100
Wheat, bushels 231,400 274,100
<'orn, bushels 790.000 824,100
Oats bushels 495.700 306,400
Rye. bushels 12.500
Barley, bushels 45,750 5.500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 12@15c; dairies,
11 'n 13c. Eggs, steady, unchanged. Cheeße, fair
demand; creameries, 9©9% c. •
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis M6.MO 44,660
Duluth 223.133 134.054
Milwaukee 20.500 1.950
Chicago 251.440 274.163
Toledo 179.T.23 90,000
Pt Louis 15.000 20,000
Detroit 13.263
Kansas City 45.000 16,500
Totals 983.519 581.327
Tidewater—
Boston 55.09S 40.000
N.w York 215.525 101.512
Philadelphia 4,659 2,395
Raltimore 45.612
Galveston 650
Totals .• 324.444 143,907
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening 86 IS 55 25
Closing 65 75 54 90
Flour-
Opening 30 40 25 25
Closing 30 15 24 95
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 10 10H S=>» 7 4
Closing 11 10 8 8% 7 2%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May IS.— CATTLE— RuIed 10®15c
lower. Stockers and feeders. $3 90@4 65: cows
and heifers, J3@4 65; bulls, »3@4 25; calves, $6®
6 85.
HOGS The market opened weak and prices
broke 10@15c. Trade. was active at the decline.'
Bulk of sales. $4 30^4 53: lights, $4 50; packer*,
$4 1.'!&4 42;* pigs, $3'*i4 25; common to choice,
$4 2004 50. '
SHEEP — Yesterday's advance was well sus
tained to-day for sheep. Clipped sheep, $3 50@
4 40; 'Western feeders, $4(g'4 30; clipped lambs,
ii<Bi 40; wooled lambs. $4 90@5 45. '
Receipts— 16.000; hoRF, 58,000; sheep,
20,000.
KANSAS CTTY.
KANSAS CITY, May 18.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000. Best grades steady, others weak to 10c
lower: native steers. $3 50@4 90; native cows
and heifers, J2 2~,<liA 75; stockers and feeders,
£06; bulls. $2 7:.tf?4.
HOGS— Receipts, 26.000. Market 15tf?20c lower.
IHulk of sales. $4 10^4 35; heavies, $4 30-S4 B0;
mixed, $4 10"g4 40; lights, $4@4 20; pigs, $4 30®
4 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2DOO. Market strong;
lambs, $4 25(55 50; muttons, $3'3 1 4 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. May IS— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market firm; beef steers. $3 80^4 55; cows, $31?
4 20; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@4 30;
Btockers do. $4<5'4 66 f >: bulls and stags, $2 25<!?3 45.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market 10c lower and
firm; light packers, 54 30@4 40; mixed, $4 23®
4 35: heavy, $4 20®4 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 18.— wool auction . sales
showed much animation to-day. Lots of Gee
long wool were taken by the American buyers.
Attendance good. Number of bales offered,
11,303. Sales in detail:
New South Wales, 270 bales; scoured, B%d@
Is 5%d; greasy, 5%@9d.
Queensland. 600 bales; scoured. Is 4%d;
greasy. 7V4®?d.
Victoria, 2700 bales; scoured, B%d@ls B%d;
greasy. s%*jlld.
South Australia, 1500 bales; scoured, 9d@
Is 4d; greasy, sVi@9%d.
Tasmania, 100 bales: greasy, $@10d.
New Zealand, 3200 bales; scoured, Sd@ls 3d ;
greasy, 5%@9%d. .
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 400 bales;
scoured. l^diSls 2%d; greasy, 5%d@7%a. -
The sales will close to-morrow.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 1R — Consols, HO 9-18. Silver,
26 7-16. French rentes. 102f 65c.
LIVERPOOL, May 18.— Wheat, steady ; car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; English country mar
kets ppriprally 1b fid cheaper; French country
markets, steady; wheat in Paris, weak; flour
In Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 17-32. '
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; May, 11s;
July. 10s Bd, September 8s %d.
CORN— May. Ss 9,»d; July, quiet, 3s »%d;
September. 3s 9%^
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., May 18— 'WHEAT— "Walla
Walla, 91<?f92c; valley, 93<g>940: blue stem. »se.
TAf'OMA, Wash., May 18. — No market: prices
offered, 94@95c for club and 97@98c for blue
stem.
SALE OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT.
NEW YORK. May 18— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at open auction
to-day realizing the following prices: Royal
Anne, $1 55 to $2 70; Black Tartarian, 70c to
$2 16;' Centennial, 90c. Part of car, gross $2000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 18.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $206,110,511; gold reserve,
$175,674,00«.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 18.— COTTON— 8teady ;
middling, 5 13-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 18.— Exchanges, $263,
190; balances, $64,303.
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling : Exchange, 5ight.;......... — $4 «[.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.;.: — 4 87
Sterling Cables .:...:...:.:.... — ■ .-'* 87%
New York Exchange, sight — , 12%
New York ; Exchange, , telegraphic. ".—,;. '. 15 -
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 5V£
Mexican ; Dollars • ... ...;'.. .:. ;- —■ •• 46V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — There : was. a further decline in
futures - under ... active % trading/ . and ;; the '■; spot
market followed down, sas usual. « The . Eastern
and foreign markets were likewise , weak. ■■.";
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping. :$1 70@l 72V4; milling.
$1 80@l 82% per ctl. . ' -■ , :
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 64%; ■ 10,000. $1 63* ; , 4000, •$1 66%; 84.
000. $1 65.' ■■-•: ' - ■'. .. :•'• ' '  ■ - ■ ■■•
Second - Session— December— • ctls, >. $1 64%;
8000, $1 64%; ■- 14,000, Vsl 64; - 4000, $1 63%; -; 14,000,
$1 63%; 8000, $1 63%; 10.000. $1 63%.".; ■
■•< Regular Morning Session— 2000 ctls,
$1 63%; v 2000. $163; . 4000. $162%: = 2000, - $162%;
10,000, $1 62*; 104.000, II 6214; 20.000, $1 62%; 28,
000, $1 62H; 18.000, $162%. O/W1 „
Afternoon Pesslon — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 63%; 2000. $1 634" 4000. $1 63; 22,000. $1 62V,
16,000, $1 62%; 18,000, $1 62%; 4000, $1 62V4; 4000,
$1 62%.
BARLEY— The spot market was lower and
dull, but futures did rather better.
Feed. $1 274<5l 30; Brewing. $1 35<fl 374
<ALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9ls o'clock— December—2o,
000 ctls, $127; 6000 $127H; 2000. *1 27%; 2000,
$1 27%; 6000, $1 274/
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls.
$1 26^; 6000, $1 27.
Afternoon Sesßlon — December — 4000 ctls, ;
$1 264: 4000, $1 26%
OATS— There is very little doing at present,
and values remain stationary.
Fancy Feed $1 42V-(fil 4;i per ctl; good to
choice. $1 35<gl 40- common. $1 30@l 324: Sur- '
rrlse, $1 45f&l 50; 'gray, $1 324@1 374; milling.
$1 KCa 424 per ctl
CORN— Holders are firm In their asking
prices, owing to the expected advance in
freight rates.
CORN— Prices are unchanged and the market
Is without animation.
Small rcund yellow $1 25 per ctl: large yel- i
low, $1 074©l 10; white. $1 OT^fTI 10 per otl.
RYE— Weak at $1 374«1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-J1 75<S'l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND~MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $6®6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras. .??> 7S£C S3 per bbl.
MILLSTI FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, *2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats, $4 23;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50- Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked 'Wheat $3 75 Farina, J4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20- in sacks, J5 60rtffi; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market was stronger. The public
is getting educated up to the use of the Oregon
Timothy, and It is In demand and firmer in
consequence. It costs about $18 to lay it down
here, so the shippers are barely coming out
even on It.
Straw 1b lower under better receipts. Alfalfa
Hay Is firmer.
There Is no further change in Bran and
Middlings.
BRAN— $18(ffl9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 60®23 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley,. s2B® J9 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31@31 60; Jobbing,
$32(?J32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28ig30 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Cracked
Corn. $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $20®
25; Wheat and Oat 120fr23 50; Oat, $18^20;
Barley, $18@1S 50; compressed Wheat. $21@24:
compressed Oat. $18^20; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clo
ver, nominal; Timothy, $17(gl8. •
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $19@20; vol
unteer wild Oat, $13'6H6; Island Barley, $16;
Alfalfa. $13@14.
STRAW— 7oc@sl per bale; Oregon, 60@60c.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans remain the same, with a steady mar
ket.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3 05; Small Whites,
Jl 95@2 06: Large Whites, Jl 90f 2; Pinks. }2 65*3:
2 75; Reds. $3: Blackeye. J3 75; Butters. $1 7»<gi
2; Limas, J3^?3 10- Pea. $2@2 16; Red Kidneys,
$2 65<g'2 So per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard. $2 25@2 f.O per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15fi3 2f.; Flax, $2 25; Canary-
Seed, 2%-g2\c per 1b; Alfalfa, SQ6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp. 2£@3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 75ig2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 15c per Ib,
Green Peppers 20c and Tomatoes $1 75@2 per
box.
Vegetables are declining again under Increas
ing receipts.
Potatoes are stiff and wanted.
POTATOES— Reds, 40#30c; River Bur
banks, 60S 75c per sack; Oregon Burbanks, 75c@
$1; Petaluma Burbanks, 60&75 c per sack; new
Potatoes. I'r,fJ2Uo per lt>
ONlONS— Australian jobbing at $4 50@5; new,
60-S7OC per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 574 boxes As
paragus, 225 boxes Rhubarb and 569 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 25© 2 GO lor extra large; $1 75W2
per box for No. 1. |I©l 50 for small. Rhubarb,
40@50c per box for small to goon: and fiO@7sc
for extra choice; Green Peas, $1 25@1 75 per
sack; Garden Peas, 3c per lb; String Beans.
9@loc; Wax Beans, 8910 c; Horse Beans, 25@50c
per sack; Summer Squash, $2 per box; Dried
Pepper?, 6i@7e per lb; Dried Okra, 12*4 c: Cab
bage, KO7SC per ctl; Carrots, 305?50c per sack;
Cucumbers, 40e<ff$l per dozen; Marysvllle Cu
cumbers, $2ij?2 25 per box; Mexican Tomatoes,
75cg$l 75 per box; new Garlic. s@6c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per 1b In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;-
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,.
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
;j- POULTRY : AND GAME. .;
The market Is In about the same condition,'
young stock being firm and Hens and old stock
weak and dull.
-POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lP^llc for Gob
blers and lO'Sllc • for Hens; Geese, per pair.
75c<gjl; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, »3@4 for
old and $3 5005 for young: Hens. $3<5?3 50:
Roosters, young. $S@9; Roosters, old, $3 25'g 1
3 75; Fryers. IKS'"; Broilers. $4 6095 50 for large,
$2 .'O'er 4 for small: Pigeons, $1 50tgl 75 per dozen
for young and $l<frl 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal. .:.;
;■ BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter, is easy and dealers are shading the
quotations. There -la no . further change In
Eggs.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, .18@20c; common
grades. 16@17'4c per lb. 5
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery. IB®
16V4c»v lade-packed, 15(g-16c per lb; Eastern
Eggs. 124@13c per lb. ,
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9(Jf9Hc; Cream
Cheddar, 10<glic; Young America, 10y.@llc:
Eastern, 12<&13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14@16c per dozen; store
Eggs. 13Vi@14c; Eastern. 14c: Duck Eggs, 16c.
.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. Watsonvlile berries sold at auction at $2 50@4. '
: A Vacavllle grower sent in some so-called
Cherry Plums which were as hard as rocks and ;
green as grass. Of j course they | were not sold
and probably never will be. No fruit-grower
ought to send In such stuff. •
The market as a general thing was dull and
the tendency ■in prices was downward, espe- j
cially in Strawberries.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 704 chests of Strawberries and i
1065 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries. * 2 50@4 per chest for large and
$3 504*5 for small berries in baskets, and 16®7
for loose. - ■•■.:•■
White Cherries. 250600 per box; red, 60©7jc- i
black. 65^90c; Centennials, $1. °"¥*<oc. !
Currant?. $1 50 per flat box.
Blackberries, — per crate.
Apricots, 60c<g$I per box and $I@l 25 per
crate. r Engn^^ C PCr > Ib f ° r COmmon ' * U
Gooseberries. 2mg-3^c per Ib for common, and
ii l A<pr,r for EnKllsh.
Newcastle Raspberries, $2 per crate.
Apples, iOfqnOc per - box for common. 75c«?ll
for mu\ to rhotf» and $1 2SWI SO for fancy '
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 23@2 50 !
Seedlings >.,, M. : lemons, 60c«&l for common i
and $1 2;><<i2 for good to choice; Mexican >
Limes. $4; California Limes. In -mall boxes
40@o0c: Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, ■ $87? 4 per dozen.. •
DRIED F- JITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. j carload lots 4«0
Be for 40-50' 4%®4Hc for 50-60' s. 3%@4^ for
60-70 1 s, 3V 4 «3M.c for 70-80' s. 2%@3c for 80-90's 2%
<82\ic for 90-100' s ; Peaches. 3@sc; fancy 6%@
6c; peeled. 10@12%c; : Apricots, 5@6%c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to ' fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples, 7V4@Bc; sun-dried, 4H@s '
Black Figs in sacks, 2@2^c; Plums. 4U©4*c
for pitted and lW@l%c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 5@5y 4 c; Nectarines, 4<g>sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4^c for quarters and 3@5H C
for halves, according to color, etc. o « o » c
RAISINS— U4@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 314 c for four-crown. 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas 2* 4 c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 tor London layers; ■; dried Grapes, 2V4c.
NT TS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per IV
v, a , nUt !\ Z@ic for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
« {. Almon(l8 .V 3@4c for .: hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell, Ri 2 <S9c for paper-shell ; Peanuts 4®
6V4c for Eastern and 4^c for California- Pc
cans, 6H@Bc; Filberts, 94<ffi0c: Brazil Nuts,
841 9 per tt>, Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100 ■
- HONEY-Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6m~
for lower grades; water-white extracted, ": oK@
amber extracted, 4%@s^c per *■ '*?..
BLEbWAX — 24<g26c ( per.; lb.
' PROVISIONS.
•; Cured meats are very stiff at the Improved
prices. :••-- : . ;■ >
CURED •ME ATS— ;9c pc- Ib for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10^3 ( f.i r light
lie for extra light and 12@12^c for sugar cured':
Eastern sugar cured • Hams; 10>2@iic; < Califor
nia " Hams. 9V4@loc ; ; Mess ) Beef, $10 to per bbl;
extra : Mess Bee. : 11; ; Family Beef, - $12; Salt
£?!*•, ?9;? 9; extra prime 1 Pork, $10; t extra clear,
*17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, I2@i2^,c per
. » LARD- Eastern. ' tierces quoted at ;6c per Ib
for compound, and B%c: for pure; palls, 9Uc
California tierces, 5Hc : per }Ib > for compound
and "..7Hc - for : pure; half barrels, 7»ic- 10-n>
tins. BUc: 5-lb-tins. B%c. .... . ■'* ' V°
COTTOLENE Tierces,: 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 In a case, B%c
3-Ib palls. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 in a
case, ■ 8»4c; 10-lb ; palls, .6;in . a case, B^4c: . 50-It>
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. 7"£c; ■ fancy ■ tubs, 80 lbs net, ; 7Hc; • half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7^c per Kb. •
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are tending upward, with tome deal
ers quoting an advance.
IxIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B\4@9V4c; light, BV4@9c;
Cowhides, BV4(g9Hc; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 99
9%c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16c: cull" and brands,
12f13c; dry Kip and VeaJ, 16@16Vfcc; dry Calf,
18tfl9c; culls, li@17o; Goatskins, 30#37^c each;
Kids, 6@loc; Deerskins,-; good summer. , 25@30c
per Ib: medium. 20c: winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearling*, . 20@25c each; short ; wool. M@soc
each; ; medium/ : 60(S80c; 'long wool. 90c@Sl 10
each; Horsehldes, ■■- salt. • $2(??2 50 for - large. . $1 50
©2 for medium and 75c® $1. for small; Colts.
50@75c; Horse hides dry, " $1 50©2 for large and
fill 1 25 for small: Colts. ;2s@soc. ■ ■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3®3l£c per !t>:
No. 2, 2<i?2Ho; refined, 4*4@4%c;- Grease, 2c --*.
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquin, defective, 7®
9c : I Southern Mountain, lie ; free - Northern,
17018 c. . • ; ; :-,:•■■-. -. ■ '
HOPS— crop, 9«?l2#c'.per IT).
• GENERAL MERCHANDISE. ■
. HAGS- Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal: Wool
Ba<s. ni"ij.nal: San Quentin, $6 30.' /.-'• m'"'
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "There
are eighteen vessels due here trom Sydney and
Newcastle within sixty : days. v» «eh' about 44,000
tons of coal, all of which will come to a good
market, as our ' yards have but little on | hand.
The engaged Australian list for San Francisco
foots . up fifty-one ■ vessels, • with about 135,000
tons coal capacity; some of these will not leave
their loading port before " October next. Coal
freights have been advanced over two shillings
per ton from Newcastle • sinct ■- last , mail ; this
was fully expected, as shipowners are not dis
posed to seek this port.- when we have •so few
Inducements to offer for outward charters, our
Incoming wheat crop being, a comparative fail
ure. Our importers have benefited but little
by the increased r *-«= of ; freight from-Austra
lia, as the cargoes of fully 90 per cent. of the
vessels chartered were disposed of months ago,
hence our consumers are insured cheap . fuel.
"The American navy at Manila will call for
considerable coal shortly. A portion of same
will be shipped from here. . which will serve to
sustain values and deplete our stock on hand.
The general outlook Indicates high prices for
coal through the entire year, - and should prove
a banner season for our colliery proprietors In
British . Columbia and Washington, as our re
quirements will be nearly all drawn from those
sections." .-' < --:
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8- Sou thfield Wellington, $7 CO; < Seattlf,
16; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 ; - Wallsend. S7 f.O;
Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk nnl ?U 51 in tracks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $9; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 In sacks.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular give* the
receipts at this port thus far this .. year •at
77,675 bags, against 80,036 for ■ the same time
last year. The sales from ■ first hands ' were
60,434 bags, against 44,501. The stock in first
hands May 1 was 23,419 bags, against 35,160
May 1. 1597. The world's visible supply May
1 was 5,693,750 bags, against 4,348,800. The cir
cular says:
"As foreshadowed In our last review, there
Is little to say of the local market since the
27th ult. Sales in April from first hands and
speculators were about treble the normal vol
ume, and until those purchases are liquidated,
the demand will remain inconsiderable, • buyers
having retired. Quotations are from hie lower
to unchanged, and the tone of the market is
steady. ■".'-. -
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 8725
Costa Rica. 1487 Nicaragua, 9891 Salvador.
11.645 Guatemala and 1871 Mexican; In all 33,
619 bags, as against 33,589 bags the same time
last year.
"The steamer ' ">lon is due about the 21st
inst. with 4450 bags." . ; /
We quote:
Costa Rica— for prime washed: 14©15 c
for good washed; 16<C16Vic for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14@15c for good peaberry:
12M>'514?ic for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 9Vs@l2%c for
fair: 6*!?9c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l3olsl4o for good to prime washed:
ll*;12'- 4 c for fair washed; 14®15c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@iO>£c for superior
unwashed: B?i@9c for good, green unwashed;
12(g12%c for good to prime • unwashed - pea
berry. . . . : . . '.. ' : : "■-
Nicaragua— B\<3 loc for good to superior un
washed: ll@l2c for good unwashed peaberry.
I ■ Guatemala and Mexican — for prime to
fancy washed; 14@16c for good to strictly good
washed: 11© l3'/4c for fair washed; B@loVic for
medium; 5 1 / £(?f7 : sic for common to ordinary; 15Ms@
17^ic for good to prime washed peaberry: U%&
12V»c for good unwashed peaberry; 9Vi(&lOHc for
good to superior unwashed.'
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6^c; Dry
Granulated. ~>~»c; Co- feet loners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 54c: Extra C. 5%c; Golden C, s^c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels He more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. _____£^-"
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT M. .{KET.
Hogs have again advanced.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6c: second quality,
sVtc; third quality. 4'p'sc per
YEAL — Large, 4'g'ficr; small, stf6c per It).
MlTTON— Wethers, Si&'SHc: Lwes, 8c p«r Tb.
I.AMR— Snrln" «»9r n«- lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3V«®3-,ic for large; 4<?4Hc
for medium, and Z%'SS%c for small; stock
Hogs, 2@3c; dressed Hogs, sH@6V*c.
RECEIPTS O> PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, ' May 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,723 I Wool,. .bales-..../' - 73
Reheat, ct15 . ...... 430 Hops, bales ...v. ■ 126
parley, ctle 4,380 Straw, tons ..;.">. 50
Torn, ctls 800 Hay, tons t - ■ 260
• 'heese, ctls 230 Pelts, bdls ....../' 60
Butter, otls ..... 372 Hides, No ...;... - 395
Beans, sks ..- 1.728 I Eggs, doz ......;. 15,030
Potatoes, sks ... 8&3 Silver, flasks .... 55
Onions, sks 701 Leather, rolls ... 70
Bran, sks 1,000 Paper/reams ... 350
Ehorts, sks 335 Wine, gals .. 17,700
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 780|Fhorts, ' sks .. 335
Wheat, ctls 8,369 18ar1ey, ctls 5.207
Hay. tons 60 Oats, ctls 1.250
Bran, sks 1,060 i Hops, bales ..... 126
WASHINGTON.
Hay. tons ... 401 Oats, ctls ........ 2.033
Flour, qr ska 7,604 j Bran, sks ...:...'• 5.953
Wheat, ctls .... 9,307, Shorts, ska 3,617
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800|......
Hay. tons UTAH. :..
Hay. tons 50 i
NEVADA.- v ..-..-
Hay. tons 20! ■
NEBRASKA.
Hay, tons 201....... ...,
-'•■■: •-■■■■' » m ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair trade in local securities,
with an advance In Oceanic Steamship to $50.
Mining stocks were dull and not materially
changed.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 50c per share, payable on
the 2<Hh inst.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 10c per share, amounting to
$10,000. on May 16.
The annual meeting of the Silver Hill Min
ing Company has been called for May 30.
The Mexican assessment of 15c per share will
be delinquent In the company's office to-day.
The Segregated Belcher and Overman assess
ments of oc per share will be delinquent in the
boards to-day.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of half a cent per share,
amounting to $5000. payable May 31.
The Hniurstake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a monthly dividend of 25c per
share on May 25.
In the Savage during the past week, on the
130 level, the main west drift was cleaned out
and retirnherei] a distance of 12 feet; total
length. 541 feet. On the Brunswick lode they
have completed the chutes in Incline shaft No.
1 and are now cutting out the station prepara
tory to exploring the B<X) level. On the 600 level
the main north drift has been advanced 7 feet ;
total length 495 feet; the face Is In porphyry
with streaks of quartz glviruj low assays.
Work in this drift has been discontinued for the
present. On the Sutro tunnel level work has
been commenced jointly with the Consolidated
California & Virginia, Best & Belcher and
Gould & Curry companies to prospect the
Brunswick lode at that level, and at a point
nearly opposite the Zadig drift a north drift
has been cleaned out and repaired a distance
of 25 feet.
A cave occurred in the main shaft of the
Crown Point mine during the past week. By
going down the Yellow Jacket shaft and climb
ing up the stopes they found the four compart
ments of th- shaft tightly filled with debris
above the 1000 level. A cage was immediately
started down the shaft and reached the top of
the cave, which occurred in the pump shaft.
Just 28 feet below the 900 level. They have
been unable as yet to determine the amount of
damage done.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 6 carloads of ore. the aver
age car sample assay of which was $18 92 per
ton. There is no change In the condition of
the mine. The point where ore is being ex
tracted is In the north drift on the 900 level.
In the Caledonia mine, on the 1100 level, the
Incline upraise from the southeast drift has
been extended during the week 5 feet through
hard quartz. The quartz assays $3 39 per ton.
Total height of upraise on the slope 149 feet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bid. Ask
U 8 Bonds—
(s quar coup..lo9HHl
4s quar reg... 108^109
4s quar new... 122 122>
Miscellaneous- I
Cal-st Cab 55.114W15VJ
Cal El 6a 125 —
C C Wat 55... 99 100
Dup-st ex c. — 93%
E L & P 65..126H —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 107 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98
H C & S 5V45..100 105
L A L Co 6s. — 100
Do Kntd 65.. — 100
Market-st 65.. — 126
Do Ist M 55..112mi4
Nat VI n6s l»t — 97\*
N C Ng Ry 75. 103 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 107 —
N Ry Cal 5s .100<4 -
N P C R R Sb.IOOK —
NPC R R 65.100 —
Oak Gas 65... 100 —
Do 2d is 55..106H —
Om Ry 6s 123X4128%
P & O 6s 110 —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 107 —
Powell-st 65...11« —
Reno WLAL..IOO -
SacElec Ry 55. 100 —
8 F & N P 65.10f1m07
SlerraßCal 55.102 105
S P of Ar Ss..m2>4 —
DAT, .: ay 18— 2 p. m.
Oakland" Gas.. 4*4 —
Pas Gas Imp.. 85
Pac L C 0..... 49 _ '
S F G & E.... 84* 85
San Fran :;....'- 3^4 — ;-.-
Stock - Gas:. ... la _
Insurance— -
Flrem's . Fund. —
Bank Stocks— >.■¥',:
Angrlo-Cal ;..-.. — . 64 '
Bank of Cal ..244 245 ■ „
CaI.S.D & T. ?4>4 96 1
First Nat . ....202\4 —
Lon P& A 130 —
Mer , Exchange 10 :15: 15
; Nev Nat . 8...152V4156
Savings Banks—
Ger:s & L.:.- — - 1650 ' -
Hum S & L..1050 1160 I-
Mutual Say. — 4214
S.F.Sav.U.. — 600
SAL 50.... — i 100 .
Security 8 B. 150 — r
Union 'T. Co. 955 —
•~ Street Railroad- .-
California :. 108 ■ 110
Geary -■ . .*. :..:•. ;• 40 :•*. —
Market-st .... 51H 52
Presidio ..:::.. - 64 — ; .
Powder— ■
California V... 116 : » 150
E . Dynamite... 86 . —
Giant Con 'Co.' 43% 44H
Vlgorit t *%
sT> r«.l fin —113' Miscellaneous — -„,
IpC Is eg 6s". - 96 Al Pac A8f«n..92 93*
I Br 6* 109 '.■-' Ger Ld Wks.llo -
I vwat 6s 6 S :::Jiw -v h^%.v 10 - m*
c v' Wit "4s 102 103 HC & S Co.. IT>* >■>>*
Ito^Ga'sis-." - 103 ffutclrS.P Co. 49 49*
Water Stocks- M«r Ex Assn. ?-0 - ;
SEST-Sr£: : s - Oc^nic co:: 49% MM
ISri« Valley Aloo% rac A F L... 14-
Gas & Electric- Pac -gg 0 ' ft" 10 } 1 -!
Cent Gaslight. los - , Par Paint Co. 7 - .
Mutual El Co. 11% — ■• "
. Morning Session. ■•
225 Giant Powder Con... ■■ **. «»
600 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 17 50
}% Hutch^nsorfl P g 00 ;
5S F Gas and Electric C 0.............. |a 00
.50 Oceanic S S C 0........ • •••• ]• „
5 do do " m 75'
20 do do en no
ioo do do
,«« n™l.'Crr.rc»rßoS;::::!|| H
50 Spring Valley Water Vn'n^"" in" M
$1000 Spring Valley * P«r cent 80nd5.... 102 J)
400 Vigorit Powder ••• 6 "*»
Afternoon Session. . •• ■■•
70 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 17 75^
60 Hutchi°nson S P C0V...... ,i 00
275 Hutchlnson S P Co *^ "
125 Oceanic B 8 C 0..... "ion '5
10 Spring Valley Water •" ll "' 5o
200 Vigorit Powder ••• • 6 w
100Ha r wli!an Com and Sugar Co 1" Wi
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the Mtai In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnjr Session.
100 Caledonia l.vroo Mexican 19
JOOCon New York.. 01 lj.no Potosi „.. 21
00 Crown Point OTIJOOLnion on 10
!oo Gould & Curry- • 2OISOO Utah »'
JOO Justice 071
Afternoon Session.
tOO Alta 15 (00 Mexican IS
100 Belcher OS .'no Ophlr 36
100 Best & Belcher. 27 mo Overman 02
too Challenge 09 H Potosi 20
TOOChollar 17 '."OSes Belcher .... 01
•50 Con Cal & Va.. 55 ISO Sierra Nevada.. »a
'10 Hale & Norcrss. 80 100 ...... •••••••••••• 
/00 Justice 08, WO Yellow Jacket .. 21
Following were the Bales In the Paclnc Stock
Board yesterday: ■'
. Morning Session.
*» B"?her"::::::::: of wojkVe' & mm so
fOO Bullion ...... 06 200 Mexican 20
500 Challenge Con .. ,11 **>•••;•••.• ••••••••• "
I 100 ........ ■. -. 10 400 Potosl 21
I 500 ' .... 09 300 Savage 12
SOOChollar 17 11 00 Sierra Nevada .66
150 Con Cal & Va.. 57i.*00 ....... £>
200 Crown Point ... 071500 Union Con 09
Afternoon Session.
1200 Alpha ....." 02 irno Mexican 19
iiOOAlta ............. 14j|00Ophir 38
I 300 Belcher ..... 07 |.00 «
1 50 Best & Belcher. 27, 550 Overman ........ 02
! SO Con Cal & Va.. 56 COO Sierra Nevada.. 65
500 Gould & Curry.. 19 !0O Union Con ..... 09
1000 Justice 08 |;00 Yellow Jacket .. 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
WEDNESDAY, May IS— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Julia - M
£lta 15 16 justice 07 03
£ndes 08 09 Kentuek - 02
Benton Con ... 06 OS Udy ash .... — 02
pplcher 07 08 Mexican IS 19
Best & Belchr. 26 27 Occidental 90 100
Rulllon 05 06 (tphir 3o Ab
ral^donia 15 16 Overman 02 03
LTiollar 17 H Potosl -.19 21
Challenge 08 10 1 avage 10 11
■on Cal & Va.. 54 58 eg Belcher ... — 02
Confidence .... 40 44 corpion — 0-
Con Imperial.. — 02 SiPrra Nevada. 63 oo
Brown Point .. 07 Mi Silver HIU .... — .06
l on New York. — Oll^yndlcate — «J
Kureka Con ... — 20ifc!tandard —1 o0
Exchequer — 03 fnlon Con .«.. 09
Rould & Carry. 19 20 I'tah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 79 81 iVellow Jacket.. 21 22
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James W. Cudworth to Sylvia O. Cudworth i
(wife of William A., in trust ler her children), ;
lot on N line of Green street. 125 W of Bu- :
chanan. W 25 by N 137:6, trust deed; $1.
■Vlbert and I'harlotta Wilford to Annie Rodda i
(wife of William H.), lot on N line of Bu- i
chanan street, 55:6 S of Vallejo, S 29 by W 91:6; |
$10.
John ML Russau to Alice E. and Maria T. !
Russau, lot on S line of Jackson street, 280:10 |
W at Montgomery, S 68 to Gibbs place, E :.'l:\
N 56:3, NW 16:7. W ll:0S; Rift-
Edward J. Le Breton to F. and Marie Remel
(Schwartz), lot on N line of Post street, 110 E .
of Mason, E 27:6 by N 137:«; gift.
F. and Marie Ramel (Schwartz) to Nathan :
Delbanco, lot on N line of Post street, 110 E
of Mason. E 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
John and Ada M. Hinkle to Armin Graft, lot
on SW comer of Washington and Reed streets. !
W 22:6 by S 88:SV $10.
Anna If. Th^iss to Hugo Urban, lot on X
line of Minna street, 225 E or Fourth, E 25 by ;
N 70; $10.
Maggie J. Raleigh to William A. Bader, lot
on SE line of Stevenson street, 150 SW of
Seventh. SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
George W. Daywalt to Milton T. Geddes, lot j
on E line of Thirty-eighth avenve. 225 N of
S street. E 120 by N 50: HO.
Edward A. and Georgia Middleton to Henry
L. Mlddleton. lot on N line of Washington
Street, 183:4 E of Polk, E 45:10 by N 127:SVi; $10. i
Alameda County.
Calvin O. Brtgham to Frank 8!. Brigham, lot
on SW corner of Oak and Tenth streets, N 100
by W ISO, Mock 13S. Oakland; gift.
'William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Roger B.
Friend, lot on S line of Isabella street, 446 W
of San Pablo avenue, W 54 by S 139:2^, being
portion of Gunn Tract, Oakland; $10.
John M. Russau to Alice E. and Maria T.
Russau, lot on line of Charter street, 5P9:24
"W of Telegraph avenue. W 50 by N 129:4Va. be
ing portion of lot 38, Tuttle Homestead Tract,
Oakland. 110.
Thomas- H. and Kittle H. Judd. R. E. and
Minnie L. Parr to Edward D. Judd. lots 1 to
6. block C. Judd Tract, quitclaim deed. Brook
lyn Township; 10.
"Edward D. Judd to Elizabeth M. Benoleit,
lots 1 and 2, block C, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to James H. and
Tessle G. Walters, lot 10. block C. Map of An
drew Jones subdivision of Brooklyn Township,
Brooklyn Township; grant.
A. C. Berthier to Elmhurst Land Company,
undivided half interest in lots 2, 3. 5, fi to 11,
IS 14 IS 21 to 28, 31 to 35, 39, 44 to 51, 54 to 63,
73* to ' 79, 81, 82. 83. 85. 87, 88. 89. 92 to 97, Elm
hurst Park, Brooklyn Township; also undivided
half interest In lots 1 to IK. 21 to 25. 31, 74. 75,
7S to 101. 106 to 117, 121, 122. 123 and 125, Elm
hurst Park Map 2. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Goorge W. and Amelia F. Roy to Ambrose
F Cornwall, lot on E line of Webster street,
:•; X of Fourteenth street, N 50 by E 150, Oak
land; IBM.
Ambrose F. Cornwall to Francis R. Musser,
same. Oakland; $10.
John and Annie P. Cnlgett to Gustave Sle
brecht lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 141:8
E of Union st. E 33:4 by N 112:3>4. being por
tion of Surryhne tract, Oakland: $3150.
Hannah B. Dlngley to Oakland Bank of
Pavings, lot on S corner of East Eleventh
street and Twelfth avenue, S E 150, S W to
line at high tide in estuary of San Antonio,
thence N W to S E line of Twelfth avenue,
N E to beginning, block 14, Clinton, East Oak
land; $H>.
Margaret E. Short to J. L. Graf, lot on N
line of Old County road No. 70S, 40.42 W of
Peralta avenue, N 121.72. W 25, S 125. E 25 to
beginning, being a portion of Fruitvale Elec
tric road trnct. Brooklyn Township; $225.
William Frakes to Almeda Vamiervoort, lot
4 block J. Town of Pleasanton, Murray Town
ship; gift.
Same to Lewis S. and Laura A. Frakes, un
divided .half interest In lot on N line of St.
Mary's street. 68.64 from S W corner of lands
of estate of J. S. Barmon. deceased, thence N
68.64. N 173.04, E 6S.fi4. S 179.04 to beginning,
block 4. Town of Pleasanton, Murray Town
ship; gift.
. Builders' Contracts.
J. Scheuer (owner) with L. G. Pergren (con
tractor and architect), all work for a one
story and attic frame building on NW line of
Arlington street, 28 SW of Miguel, SW 25 by
NW 100: $1800.
John Shirley (owner) with J. W. Miller and
Adam Beck (contractors); architect. C. A.
Meussdorffer; excavation, brickwork, patent
chimneys, etc., for a three-story and basement
frame building of eight flats on NW corner
of Jackson and Jones streets, W S7:10 by N
52:6: $2037.
Charles F. Doehring (owner) with C. Kreker
(contractor): architects, Salfleld & Kohlberg;
all work for alterations and additions to a one
story frame building to make two flats, on NE
corner of Hayes and Scott streets, N 113:6 by
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 189 S.
Mo
2
We
I
11
is
Moon'i ' Phases. j
1
8
_3_
ID
5
IT
7
14
21
28
©Full Moba.
May 5.
/W-Laat Quarter
<& May 12.
y~v Kew Moon.
W ' : May 30. -
15
16
23
|i**]
£
3V3 V
First Quarter i
May as. |
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants • Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and
free of expense. cordially invited to vls^the
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing - directions ,of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the -latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers .to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce. - _
The tlmeball on top of . the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and • Is dropped at s noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic : signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
A■> notice "stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the ■ same day by ■ the afternoon • pa
pers and by th« morning papers the_followln»
day :- -. -; J. T. McMILtAN. r .
Assistant in Charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
TTnlted States Coast and Geodetic Sxirrrr
U Times and - Heights •of High and Lo^
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official 7m2
■■"■ thority of the Superintendent.
VOTE.-The high and > low waters occur at
the city front J (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both, places. '
MAY-vat
Thursday, May la.
(tnn rises, • •:•••"• " '" 4:84
Sun «*»......•••• • ":18
«# Ay«««A y««« .at! ..' .....-...-.• ••-•••■. .... Onn
iTlmsl Feet lTlme| Feet |Tlmej Feet |Tlmel
iiTw!. Hwi LW. ih Wj/"
2U 1:26 -P. 41 12:W 4.3 4:45
21 S:O4 -0> • 1:22 ; *■» f :2 ?
22 6:10 —«l 2:«» «.3 6:01
23 7:17 -0.5 *:» *-»: T J l: "
in W L W . H W
24 To :2a 6.1 7:6t — ->2| 8:36
4.3
2.UJ lU:ii
3.1 110 2 5!
3-2 U«| fig
oi
L W
«» 7:40 B . t
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tlde»
the early morning tides are riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time . column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide,
and tiie last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when thpre are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey, charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE}.
stnrDucK
Empire... •■—•-•
Morgan City..-
State ot C.ii ..
Coos 8ay. ...'..
Willamette....
Bristol
Nortn Font —
Arena .■..."
Washtenaw
Pomona
Colon
Crescent City..
Chilkat
Oregon ......
City Puebia.. .
Burma ;.
Mackinaw
Homer — . .
Allceßlancnard
/•■alnnilia ......
Or.zaba .. .
coiumoi.i ......
Santa Host
Panama
Coos Bay.-".....
Alaska
Portland
Ke\rport ..................
Seattle
Comox
tiumootdt..
Coos Bar
Tacoma. ... <
Pan Diego.
Panama —
Crescent Cltr
Eel River
Portland
Victoria & Puret Sound . .
Nanaimo
i Tacoma
Newport.. ... _.
■ Yaquina Bay
! Honolulu i
I Humoolat I
'■ Portland I
, Pan Diego ■ .
May 14
May la
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 20
Mar 20
May 23
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 23
May 23
May 23
Mav23
May 23
May 23
May 2)
May U
BTKAME US TO SAIL.
BtmAmxtL. : Derti.vatiosi
Sails.
Marinos.i.. [Sydney...
Cleveland.. Pupet Sound..
Sam:» Kos»a San Diego ...
Samoa JHumboldt
Orizaba.. .. |HumOoiat ....
Coo* May., i Newport
L'niatllla.. . Vie A, P*t Sna
Suite of Cat Portland.'.....
Arc.it.-i | Coos Bar
Pomona.... ! San Die?o —
Chtlkat... : Humboldi....
Norm Fork Humboldt ...
Oregon :... ; Portland
Homer i Newport
Tillamook. i Alaska
City Puebla I Vie & Prt Sna
Columbia ..lPortlanQ. ... . !
'May 19. 2pm Pier T
! May 19. 5 r>i Pier 3
I May 19. 11 am Pier 11
May 19. 10 am Pier I
M iv 20. 10 am Pier S
May 21. 9am Pier 11
May 21. 10 am Pier •>
May 21. 10 am Pier 13
May 22, 10 am : Pier 13
May '.'a. 11 a* ! Pter II
May 23. 2 pm ' Pier 13
May 24. 9am Pier 7
May 24. 10 AM Pier 12
IMav 25. a A* Pier 11
Mar 25
May 26. 10 am Pier 9
!m*v 2.'. n am Pier 12
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, May
18. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPIAG INTELLIGENCE. - •
'■
|
i
!
I
,
1
i
!
|
:
!
■
|
L
; f : , ARRIVED.
Wednesd"- May 18.
Stmr National City, Andresen, 84 hours from
Anacortes.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 77 hours from
Departure Bay. •
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena. : WW..'' > •
Stmr Tlllamook, Doran. 86 hours from Roche
Harbor. m ;«.--."-:•
Stmr Dlrlgo, Levinson, 78 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 19 hours from Eu
reka,
r Br. ship Leyland Brothers, Bailey, 144 day«
from Calcutta.
Fr bark Chorie France, Martin, 47 days from
Tahiti. m
s-chr Lizzie Prien. Hansen, 5 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Bessie X, Adler, 5% days from Gray«
Harbor. ■ - v
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. ' ■ . ■•■"". , ' / 
" "■"■■' CLEAR-.D. ''\ ;[;. ■ .. :.
• :: if/?- ■> ■ ».■ ■- Wednesday, May 18.
■ Stmr San : Jose,' Searle, Panama, eto; Pao
Mail 8 S Co.t,KvS«>,v.h-;:: ' • '--
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship Reaper, Young,• Comox; Williams, Dl
mor.d & Co.
Schr J M Colman, Treanor, Unalaska; Alaska
Exploration Co. .. " .
?'. SAILED. V;;>:°i-^*:"
• ■ Wednesday, May 11.
- Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Trinidad.
Stmr Cleone.' Walvig. . ■ / .....
■ Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria. ■ '
Stmr Pan Jose, Searle, - Panama, etc
Br ship Drummulr. Withers. Callao.
' Schr Volant, Krog. Nehalem River.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Twilight, Hansen. Grays Harbor. . ;
Schr Okanogan; Rensch, Port Gamble. :.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. Bowens Landing.
Schr S Danielson. Hansen.
TELEGRAPHIC. ..•?:.'-■
POINT LOBOS—May 18. 10 p. Weather,
hazy; wind, NW: velocity. 20 miles. •
CHARTERS. $3ffo^M
. The City of Adelaide.loads, mdse for. Sydney.
The Emma Claud and Eureka ■ load red
wood at Eureka "for Honolulu, and the Uncle
John for Hilo.
. The Muriel loads coal at Nanaimo for Kahu
«ul. . .. -r-. '■::;, : :-'.r "■
SPOKEN.
March 26—Lat 29 S. long 27 W, Br ship Gal
gorm Castle, from Oregon. ■ for Queenstown".
April 21—Lat 1 N, long 31 W. Ger bark Pala
wah, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON. May 18.—Br ship Crown of India
from , Newcastle, ■ for San Francisco, spoken,
partially dismasted. , 150 miles north of New
castle. Assistance has been sent.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— May Stmr Scotia,
from Eureka.
TACOMA—Sailed May 18—Bark Tidal Wave,
for Dyea.
COOS BAT—Arivred May IS—Stmr Newsboy,
hence May 14.
Sailed May 18—Schr Wing and Wing, for San
Francisco.
TILLAMOOK—Arrived May 17—Schr Mary
Buhne. hence May 3; schr Laura Pike, hence
April 29. - - <
SAN PEDRO—Sailed May 18—Schr Meteor,
for Puget Sound; bktn Skagit, for Port Gam
ble. ■'-•■■ " • -
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived May 18—Schr
Queen, hence May 5.
TACOMA—Arrived^ May 18—Bark Gatherer,
VENTURA—BaIIed May IS-Schr C T Hill for
Grays Harbor. '.-'  _,
EUREKA—Arrived May IS—Schr Maggie C
Russ, from Usal. _ C„K _ ..„
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived May li-Srhr Ida
McKay, hence May 6; schr Eliza Miller, from
San Pedro: schr Maid of Orleans, hence May 3.
TATOOSH-Passed in May 1.-Bark Undaunt
ed hence May 3, for Puget Sound. May 18—
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen. mm &an Diego, tor
N PORT°TOWNSEND-Arrlved May 18—Stmr
SU pOßT°BlArsa^t-Arriv ed May 18-Schr
.^VENTURA-Xrrived May 18-Stmr George
Ij PORt TOWNSEND^Arriv^d May 18-Bark
Undaunted, .hence May 3; schr Vega, hence
■ M VENTUBA-Sailed May 18—Stmr George
C^MlLF™i!ed°-May 18-Schr En
de pORT f e ND-Arrived May 18-Ha^
TOOSH-Paca c Ma*/ »-*** Topgallant,
from Port Blakeley. for San Francisco; stmr
rCmauKh hence May 15 for Seattle.
EUREKA-Outslde May • 18-U S stmr Ma
drKVHF? KT-^ned r Ma> STs-Schr John A. for
SaASTORIA-°Sailed May 18-Schr Melanthon.
'-^SEATTLE— Arrived May 18—Stmr Sunol,.fm
SEATTXiE—Arrived May 18—Stmr Sunol, fm
D n t uTCH Ir HARBOR-Sailed May 14-Schr W F.
Jewett for San Francisco.
To sail May 13—Brig Courtney Ford, for Seat- .
tle- U stmr Bear goes north May 20.
Arrived ; May 10—Bark Harry , Morse, from
•Seattle- May B—Bark Carrollton. from Comox.
"^ In port May Schr Pearl, for San Francisco.
V FO: EIGN PORTS.
■ HONGKONG—In port ■ April Rus bark
Westburv. for San Francisco. ■ 'I-"--"-'
MAZATLAN—SaiIed May 15-Stmr Colon, . for
'"noUMEA— Sai' ' May 17—Arg bark Bunda
leer. for Newcastle, NSW. to load for San
COMOX— May 16—Ship J B Brown,
fr?^A^U^ailed- April 14-Br bark Auld
girth, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled May 17—Br ship City
of Hankow, for Havre. ■ _ •-;•
CARDlFF—Arrived May 17—Br ship Hale
wood, from Oregon, via Havre. „ '-
CORONEL—Arrived May 14—Br stmr Garonna
from London, for Vancouver.^
HAVRE-Arrived May 17-Br ship Glaucui,
hence Jan; 22. . :,-V-JSS9SS®^
■ :-4 TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. .
. NEW YORK—Sailed May 18—Stmr Majestic^ .
for: Liverpool; stmr Friesland, for Antwerp, a
QUEENSTOWN—Arrived May 18—Stmr Ser-W
via. from i New York;, stmr Khynland, from
LIVERPOOL— May IS—Stmr Sylvania,
°ANTWERP— May 18—Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia. „ -'.Y-Y -•'■ ■
. BALTIMORE— May IS-6tmr Munchen,
lor Bremen.^^^SHMßßALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
GRADUATES
ARE HAPPY
Presented With Their
Diplomas.
U. C. COMMENCEMENT DAY
PBOFESSOR JAMES ON "THE
MODERN UNIVERSITY."
An Alumni Lunch and Beunion Held
in Harmon Gymnasium
Features of the
Day.
BERKELEY, May 18.— The exercises of
the twenty-ninth commencement of the
University of California were held to-day
In the large tent erected on the lower
campus.
The programme consisted of the follow
ing:
Overture, "Orphee aux Enfers," Offenbach
prayer. Rev. T. C. Williams; etatement by the
president; Introduction and chorus, third act
•'Lohengrin," Wagner; address, "The Modern
tnlvenilty and Its Relation to Practical lAtn,"
I'rofeßsor Edmund J. James of the University
of Chicago; "Tone Pictures From North and
South." Bendix; conferring of degrees, by the
?iresldent; delivery of military commissions, by
lia excellency, James H. Budd, Governor of
California; benediction. Rev. T. C. Williams.
At 10 o'clock the graduates, together
with the regents and members of the fac
ulty, assembled at Stiles Hall and
marched in order to the places prepared
for them in the tent. After a prayer of
fered by the Rev. Theodore C. Williams
of Oakland President Martin Kellogg
epoke of the progress made in the uni
versity during the past academic year.
He enumerated the gifts and favors ex
tended to the university by Its regents,
alumni and friends, comprising rare
books and manuscripts, funds, buildings
and lands. He spoke of the enlargement
of college activities, seen in the founding
of the new college of commerce, the suc
cess of the department of oriental lan
guages, and the erection of buildings for
the Affiliated Colleges in San Francisco.
The attitude and conduct of the student
body he especially commended, both for
their good sense shown in abolishing
rushes and for their success in athletics
and debating.
Professor Edmund 3. -lames was then
introduced as the speaker 'of the occa
sion. Professor James holds the chair of
political science in the University of Chi
cago, and he had chosen for his subject:
"The Modern University and Its Relation
to Practical Life."
"The century which is just drawing to
a close," he said, "will be known for
three great features— wealth, democracy
and education. They are intimately as
sociated with each other and cannot be
divorced. Wealth and democracy go to
gether, nor would either be no.ssible with
out education. In the United States an
increasing proportion of our wealth is be
ing devoted to education. We are con
fronted with the question: How long is
this interest to last? Tli£ answer is to be
found In a consideration of the modern
university, its aim, its function and its
relation to modern life.
"The university *ls the highest educa
tional institution of the community, the
home and center of science, using that
term in its broadest significance. It has
two ways open to Itself— either, on the one
hand, to become a mere purveyor of the
past, as in China, or, on the other, to
train the student himself to become an
investigator and a scientist, in the broad
cense of the term. The latter has been
the fundamental conception in Germany
and the contribution of the German uni
versities to modern thought. It goes with
out saying that the professor under the
latter system must embody this spirit,
must himself be an original, independent
investigator, if he is to have any influence
upon his students.
•'The university should recognize all
branches of science. It should be, in the
words of Mr. Cornell, a center where any
man could learn anything. The human
ities, the natural sciences, both theoreti
cal and applied, and the political and so
cial sciences, should each have a place,
for each has its own special function and
significance. All careers which come
within the domain of the sciences are
proper objects for preparation and uni
versity recognition."
Here Professor James took occasion to
commend the College of Commerce,
founded recently by the Board of Regents.
"Such a department is needed," he said,
"because the control of modern society is
passing into the hands of the business
classes. The modern world Is ruled by
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
Condition of the Market
the Past Week.
BIG SALES ARE RARE.
INCREASE IN VALUE OF
COUNTRY PROPERTY.
A Review of the Records, Recent
Sales, New Building Contracts
and General Realty
Notes.
Business In the realty world is grad
ually assuming a long-looked-for life aft
er the weeks of continued stagnation that
have characterized its general progress.
With a knowledge that the war cannot
possibly affect the real estate property
of this city, the doubt that has heretofore
generally existed to the contrary is grad
ually disappearing, and sales are becom
ing more common. Together with this
fact the brightening prospects that have
been Indicated for the future by the per
ceptible growth of life in the market
during the past week have gone far and
done much toward encouraging real eß
tate brokers and convincing the general
public that the embargo is at last
broken.
The rain -which fell In torrents the last
few days, although not generally felt as
an advantage In this city, has come like
a beacon of hope and prosperity to tho
country markets. The success of the
grain and fruit crops means the payment
of mortgages, the Imminent foreclosure
of which meant death to the farmers' In
terests and a suspension of real estate
progression as a natural consequence.
The rain will greatly affect pasture lands
and Increase their value, which has been
steadily deteriorating from the devastat
ing effects of the continued drought.
I City real estate, although expected to
I Bhow progress before the month Is over,
* made little advance during the past week,
the only really Important transaction be
ing the sale of the property on Turk and
Market streets by A. M. Speck lor
$150,000.
A noticeable increase In Urge roort- ]
commercialism, and it rests with the mod
ern university to make it broad or nar
row in spirit. Such a department would
satisfy the needs and wants of young men
who themselves enter business; it would
lead to the improvement of business
methods, and spread intelligence about
economic problems. And, moreover, it
would strengthen the university by bring
ing it more in contact with the people at
large, by serving the needs of all classes—
the business man, as well as the lawyer
ftnd physician."
Touching briefly upon the university as
a center of moral training, the speaker
elicited much applause by concluding with
a splendid tributo to Admiral Dewey,
holding him up as a man whose untiring (
preparation and unfaltering courage were i
well worthy of every student's emulation. j
The audience was in a patriotic mood, j
and it rose en masse to sing as the band
played "The Star-spangled Banner."
The graduates then received their di
plomas from the president of the univers- I
Ity. From the colleges at Berkeley two
received doctors' degrees, twenty mas
ters' degrees, and 211 bachelors' degrees. 1
From the affiliated colleges in San Fran- j
Cisco 105 received doctors' degrees. The
commissions delivered by his Excellency j
James H. Budd, Governor of California, I
were given to all the officers of the two j
battalions of university cadets.
At the close of the exercises the alumni I
and faculty adjourned to a luncheon
served in the Harmon Gymnasium. The
building was filled with old graduates
visiting their alma mater. Following was
the programme:
"AH Welcome," William R. Pavls, president
Alumni Association; "The University of Cali
fornia," toastmaster. President Martin Kel
logg; music, "Here's to Berkeley College";
"The College Man In the World's Affairs,"
Hon. James D. Phelan; music, "For He's a
Jolly Good Fellow"; "My Big Family," Pro
fessor Joseph LeConte; music, "Vive I' Amour";
"leh Dien," Professor W. E. Ritter, "88, presi
dent Council Associated Alumni; "Unity of
University Forces," Mr 3. Sadie H. Gregory, '93;
music, "Lauriger Horatiue" ; "The Playful(?)
American," H. B. A. Kugeler, '90; "Our Cas
tles in Si'aln," Sidney M. van Wyck Jr., '90;
music, 'America"; "All Branches of One
Tree." Geonre W. Pierce, '75; "How It Looks
to Me." George Clark, '9S; music, "Should Auld
Acquaintance be Forgot."
The committee in charge consisted of ;
Professor W. E. Ritter, C S. Oreen.W. '-.
Van Orden and Louis de F. Bartlett for
the affiliated colleges, and W. R. Davis, ■
E A. Davis. H. R. Torrey, Professor j
George C. Edwards and Professor E.
O'Neill for the colleges at Berkeley.
GIRARD IS NOW A
GOOD REPUBLICAN
VERY SORRY THAT HE VOTED
FOR WILLIAM J. BRYAN.
His Repentance Rewarded by Being ,
Elected to a Second Ward
Office — No One Threw
Any Stones.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 18.
The Second Ward Republicans have or
ganized for the campaign, and one of
their primary objects is to secure a united
delegation to the State convention, so that
the nomination of the Governor from Ala
meda County will be made possible.
The insertion of this clause in the con- i
stitution and by-laws was not decided j
upon until after a hard struggle. The ef- j
fort to secure its passage originated with !
the Pardee members of the club, who |
were largely in the majority. John E. j
Farnum, who presided over the last Coun- \
ty Republican convention, led the oppo- |
sition, but was largely outvoted. Mr.
Farnum is one of the executive commit
tee for W. R. Davis, and he opposed the I
adoption of the unit clause on the ground !
that such practices had been declared
against by the National Republican con
vention.
John Russ was elected president, and
the following vice-presidents were named:
J. C. Wlxon. C. A. Bond. Don F. Miller, |
E. A. Heron and Dr. J. L. Milton. Morti- j
mer Smith and John Bonham are the sec- I
retaries.
Councilman F. R. Girard, who was a j
prominent worker for William J. Bryan. J
was proposed for treasurer, but he con
siders it necessary to make a public con- !
fesston before accepting the office. "I |
should decline the position because I need
punishment for voting for W. J. Bryan,"
declared Mr. Girard. "But let me say
that my first vote in this country was for !
Abraham Lincoln, and I voted the Repub- I
lican ticket always until last election. !
when I voted for Bryan. Now, if there is
a man in this throng who has always i
voted a straight ticket— who never voted
a scratched ticket — let him step forth and
throw the first stone at me."
It was agreed that Mr. Girard's repent
ance was sincere and no one threw any
stones, so his election was unanimous.
Italy's ingenious use of the postal card
might be copied very agreeably in this
country. By this system any one wish
ing 1 to remit money by mail may attach
postage stamps to the postal card In
the sum desired tr > be sent; the stamps
are canceled and the receiver of the
card collects the money.
gages, however, was recorded during the
past few days, totally^ eclipsing the rec
ord for releases and reconveyances for the
Bame period. In fact, one of the largest
trust deeds ever placed on record in the
city archives was that taken by the Pa
cific Coast Company from the Manhattan
Trust Company of New York in the sum
Of $5,000,000.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were seventy-six mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
$0,2Gii,665. For the same period forty-five re
leases and reconveyances passed to record In
the total sum of $201,045.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
were as follows:
By the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to
Louis Dutertre, $30,000. for 1 year at 6V4 per
cent, on property in 50 vara block 86, on the
' northeast line of Montgomery avenue and Dv
! pont street, north 22:02 feet, east 187:6; by the
I Hibemia Savings and Loan Society to Samuel
i Moses, $24,(100, for 1 year at 6% per cent, on
! property in 50 vara block 542. on the northwest
I line of Market. 225 feet southwest of City Hall
•■ avenue, southwest 25 by northwest 10U; by
Jacob Dusenbery to Joseph Rich, $10,000 for 1
year at 6Vs per cent on property in 50 vara
block 140, situated on the northwest corner of
Bush and Monroe streets, north 46 by west 80;
by the German Savings and Loan Society to
E. F. Preston, $20,000 for 1 year at 7 per cent
on property in Western Addition block 1«,
! situated on the northeast corner of Polk and
California, north 72 by east 100; by Caroline A.
Towne to AVllliam H. H. Hart, $2«.127 for 1
year at 6 per cent on property in 50 vara block
'.•0, situated in the Thomas H. Blythe estur^-;
Manhattan Trust Company of New York to the
Pacific Coast Company, $5,000,000 for 50 years
at 5 per cent on property in the one hundred
blocks, 33! i and 345, consisting of South Beach
block 5, bounded by Beale, IJrannan, Fremont
and Bryant and South Beach block 6, bounded
} by Fremont, Bryant and Brannun, and also all
property, both real and personal, 5000 bonds
each 5 per cent; by Elizabeth M. J. Packer to
Isabella Levy, $15,000 for 5 years at 6 per cent
on property in 50 vara block 91, 100 block 354
andsovara block 310, situatedrespectivelyonthe
vara block 310, situated respectively on the
east line of Dupont, 6i:9 feet south of Clay,
south 28:9 by east 68:9, northeast line of Sixth,
275 feet northwest of Bryant, northwest 60 by
northeast 160 n.nd the west line of Hyde, t7:6
feet north of Geary, north 25 by west 87:6;
by the Prudence Benevolent and Loan Asso
ciation to Magdalina Wittmeir, $10,400 for 6
years at 7 per cent on property in 50 vara block
111. sltuatr-d on the easterly line of Stockton,
65:6 north of Jackson, north 34 by east 80.
[ The principal releases and reconveyances
[ were recorded as follows:
From Jacob Dusenbury to Joseph Rich, $10,-
I 000 on property In 50 vara block 140, situated
on the northwest corner of Bush and Monroe;
from the German Savings and Loan Society
to John H. Wlso, $10,000 on property situated
on the northwest corner of Washington and
Leavenworth, west 137:6 by north the MLina,
by the Regents of the University of Cal'.forn.a
; to Jeremiah Lynch. $50,000 on property in JO
vara block 200, situated on the northwest cor
ner of Market street. 203:H4 northwest of Gol
: den Gate avenue; from the Security Savings
i Bank to Louise McAllister $12,500 on property
'. in 50 vara-block 194. situated on the westerly
line of Mason, 87:6 south of Sutter. south 40 by
! west 117:6; from La Societe Francalse to Emma
i Lolor $12,276 on property In Western Addition
| block 161, situated on the easterly line of Oc
tavla, 62 :P\4 feet south of Sacramento, south 75
by east 137:6.
RECENT SALES.
The following sales were negotiated by Shaln
wald, Buckbee & Co. (luring the past week:
Mrr. Julia A. Crocker has disposed of the
property situated at the corner of Octavla
street and Walnut avenue to Mrs. Sarah N.
Morris for the sum of $11,000. Six flats will
be immediately erected on the site by the new
owner at a coat of $16,000,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
TUNNEL DAY
IS COMING
Merchants Want 30,000
People to Attend.
SATURDAY IS THE DATE.
MANY STORES WILL CLOSE— A
HALF HOLIDAY.
Merchants' Exchange Sends Out a
Bequest for All Public-Spirited
Citizens to Aid the
Project.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 18.
The merchants of this city expect to
have a crowd of not less than 30,000 peo
ple at the race track on Tunnel day,
which will be next Saturday. Should
this large number attend it will result in
raising almost enough money to complete
the inter-county road which has been
so greatly desired for twenty years.
Director J. H. W. Sohst of the Mer
chants' Exchange has announced that he
has assurances from President Williams
of the race track that Mr. Williams and
all the employes of the track will be de
nied their free passes on that day and
will have to pay $1 each, so as to swell
the Tunnel fund.
Chairman Schleuter, who has been on
the committee to secure the closing of
business houses next Saturday afternoon,
has made a report that about two-thirds
of the merchants had expressed their
willingness to give a half-holiday, and
he believed that others would close when
the day arrival.
Director Gier reports much support in
all directions, and Louis Homeier. who
will direct the band, will supply the mu
sic free, and has actually bought a ticket
apiece for his musicians.
The Merchants' Exchange has Issued
the following request to Oakland citizens:
"The Merchants' Exchange respectfully
requests all the consumers of the city of
Oakland to make all their purchases on
next Friday and before 12 o'clock and af
ter 6 o'clock p. m. on tne Saturday fol
lowing, so as to give all the business men
and their employes an opportunity to at
tend the Oakland race track on the after
noon of Saturday, May 21, for the beneilt
of the Tunnel fund."
Treat for Seventh Regiment Boys.
ALAMEDA. May IS.— A well-attended
meeting of ladies was held this afternoon
at the residence of Mrs. Bumham.lß37
Clinton avenue, at which it was decided
to provide a treat for the boys of the Sev
enth Regiment, now in camp at the Presi
dio. While the First Regiment is at home
and can be looked after by the wives, sis
ters, mothers and sweethearts of tthe
members, the Seventh is far from home
and has to put up with very plain fare.
It was decided to provide the men with
a lunch on Saturday next, and the ladies
of Alameda have been requested to put
up baskets of dainties for this purpose.
Each basket is to contain supplies for
three men, and enough will be provided
for the entire regiment. The baskets will
be collected on Friday evening and Satur
day morning and taken to the Presidio
for distributi.«n on Saturday.
Lot Wanted for School Purposes.
ALAMEDA. May 18.— At the meeting of
the School Trustees last evening Director
Tisdale reported that more space was
wanted at the Encinal School and that he
had through another party secured an
option upon a lot KhclbO ad jointing the
present lots, for which $I*K) was asked.
This was a very low price, and had the
owner known that it was intended for
school purposes he would have asked a
much higher figure. The board directed
the president and secretary to secure
from the Board of City Trustees an au
thorization to purchase the lot at the
price named, such authorization being re
quired by law.
Sudden Death of T. A. Albers.
ALAMEDA, May 18.— T. A. Albers, a
carpenter employed in San Francisco and
living f>n Minturn street, in this city, died
very sudaenly last evening. He had been
ailing for some time, but had continued
at his vocation. Last night he came home
and after eating his supper told his wife
he would lit- down for a while, as he was
tired, and asked her not to let the chil
dren disturb him. An hour or so after
ward Mrs. Albers went into the room
I A lot, 49x122, on the north line of Pacific
; avenue. 49 feet past of Webster street, for $13,
j COO, from Herman Epplnger to Jonas Schoen
| feld. who will erect a handsome residence
] thereon; two lots, each 25x120, on the west
line of Ninth avenue, south of California Btreet,
! for about $800 each; a lot, 21:3x137:6, on the
west line of Jones street, 31:3 north of Lom
bard, for $2500; a lot, 35x120. on the west line
of Bartlett street, 135 south of Twenty-third,
at $75 a front foot, and a lot. 25x137:6, on the
north line of Filbert street, 100 west of Baker
for $SOfl.
Homestead declarations have been made this
week as follows: By Annie C. Mars, on the
north side of Greenwich street, 521:3 east of
Buchanan, $2300; by Christina Carroll, on the
south line of Turk street, 137:8 east of Lyon,
$2000; by Mary K. Koch, on the southwest line
of rotter street. 225 west of Mission, $2000; by
Elizabeth Flnn*y. on lot 18, block f of the De
Boom Tract. $2200; by Charles Stepp, on the
went line of Chattanooga street, 78 south of
Twenty-second, $4000; by Emma Schnetzler, on
the north side of Twenty-second street, 110 east
of Noe. $4000; by Harriet K. Murphy, on the
south line of McAllister street, 112:6 west of
Franklin, $10,000; by Robert Higirins, on the
southwest corner of Mission and Oliver street*
$5000.
Jacob Heyman has bought £oxl2o feet on the
west line of Ninth avenue, ISS south of Clem
ent street, on which he will erect two cot
tages. He will also build a four-room cottage
on Twenty-third street, above View avenue
for J. Donnelly.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Northeast corner of Jones and Bush, east 60
by north 137:6 — Additions and alterations to a
four-story frame hotel building and an ordi
nary three-story frame building, at a cost of
$2915; contractors, Peterson & Porsson; owner,
Frederick Tillman Jr.. trustee estate of Claus
Mangles for Alice, Ernest C. and Oscar Hueter.
Southeast line of Shipley, 70 northeast of
Sixth. 55x75— A1l work for alterations and addi
tions to a three-story frame building, convert-
Ing same into nine flats, at a cost of $3185;
owner, Gustave Harshall; contractor, J. V
Hull; architects, Salfield & Kohlberg.
Southwest corner of Larkin and Sacramento,
south 20:2 V« by west 10<>— Brickwork, carpentry,
rnlllwork, ironwork, plastering. etc., for a
three-story frame building, consisting of five
flats and two stores; owner, Mrs. F. de Larl
viere; contractor, P. A. Antonelli; architect
W. H. Lillie; cost, $7300.
South line of Beujah, 131:3 feet west of
Shrader, west 25 by south 137:6— a1l work for
a one-story frame cottage— owner, Martin
Schmitt; architect and contractor, W. W. Red
nail; cost, $2306.
South line of Washington, 112:6 west of
Spruce, 52:6 by 328:S 1 £— All work on two-story
frame building and attic — Owner, Dr. J. Mora
Moss; architects, Samuel Newson and F. H.
Myer; contractors, Depew & Brooks; cost
$2760.
Page, south line, 57:6 feet west of Laguna—
Two-story frame building, flats — Owner, Louis
Friedlander; architect. C. H. Hasty; contrac
tors, Wilson & Long; cost, $3400.
Devisadero, east line, 62:6 feet north of Ful
ton — Plumbing, gas fitting and sew«rs for two
three-story buildinsrs, three flats each — Owner.
Ellen A. Fife; architect, Nathaniel Plnisdell;
contractors, Ickelheimer Bros.; cost, $2459.
OUT OF TOWN.
San Jose — W. G. Alexander has made a con
tract with J. M. Hess for the erection of a
two-etory residence at Seventh and Williams
streets for $2654.
Santa Cruz— lt is reported that'the Califor
nia Powder Company contemplates erecting a
thirty-room house at the works for the use of
the employes, and aluo to rebuild the cottages
that were wrecked by the explosion.
Berkeley— The Unitarian people intend to
erect a church building on the corner of Bi n
croft way and Dana street. Plans have b< ?n
accepted for a building to cost $5000. Rev. W.
B. Geoghegan ie the pastor.
Santa Cru*— Work is being rapidly pushed
on the n»w Christian Church on Lincoln Btreet.
Diamond Springs— Mrs. M. Roch will soon
put up a new residence on the Ingersoll lot.
where he was lying on the bed and found
him dead. He was a native of California.
29 years of age, and leaves a widow and
two children. Heart disease is believed
to have been the cause of death.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 18.— Bertram N. Hill
of the electric railway and Miss Lizzie F.
Thompson of San Francisco were married
this afternoon at the residence of the
groom's mother in this city.
Contribution boxes have been placed In
various prominent stores about town by
the Red Cross League and are meeting
with liberal response.
The proposition to establish a garbage
crematory on the marsh is meeting with
favor among the people of Alameda, who
have been subjected to the nuisance of
open-air dumping in prominent places too
Sixteen students from Alameda have
had degrees conferred upon them at the
State university.
Little Paloma Schramm will apear in
this city to-morrow evening at a concert
given under the direction of Theodore
Vogt at Harmonic Hall.
Hereafter instead of the flag on the
schoolhouse being raised early in the
morning it will not be hoisted until 9
™ock after the puptUs are all in line,
and simultaneously with its raising they
will salute the emblem.
The Harbourne Matter.
ATAMEDA May 18.— It is understood
that the Lib: Trustees do not Intend
to avail themselves of the permission
Granted by the City Trustees to use the
fame of the city in a civil suit or suits to
?ec™ver the moneys embezzled by ex-Li
brarian Harbourne. m They say that it
would not be legal for them to do so in
the first Place and that it is the business
of the City Trustees to bring such suit.
They do not relish having the burden put
upon them. . -
ST. MARY'S BANQUET.
Many Visitors Hear Loyal Toasts
Around the Board.
OAKLAND. May IS.— The large dining
hall of St. Mary's College presented a
gala appearance this evening, being the
occasion of the annual banquet of the
Athletic Association of the college. The
hall was tastefully decorated in folds of
pink and blue, the college colors, while
flowers and evergreens were in profusion.
Covers were laid for 160. Besides the
college faculty and students, many in
vited guests were present, among whom
were Rev. Fathers Serda and White of
Temescal, Rev. P. Foley of Alameda,
Rev J. J. Cranwell, the college chaplain;
Brothers Erminold and Matthew of the
Sacred Heart College, Brothers Udal
drick and Joseph of St. Joseph's. Bro
thers Xenophon and Vivian of Temescal.
Brother George of St. Patrick's, F. J.
Kieree clopp of "BJ, president of the
alumni' of the college; J. J. McDonald,
'i>l: J. W. Solen. '97 , and others
In the center of the banquet hall were
seated the officers of the college athletic
association: W. P. SuJJjvan. president;
D Freermuth, vice-president; A. P.
Finan. secretary; L. F. Tormey, treas
urer; O. A. Welsh, field captain.
At the conclusion of the banou<»t the
following toasts were responded to:
"The Athletic Association of 9s. W. P.
Sullivan: solo and quartet "The Star-
Spangled Banner," College Quartet; St.
SfaryV' Rev. J. J- Cranwel ; "The Stu
dent's." Brother Walter; "College Gradu
ate." Rev. P. Foley: "Church and Edu ;
cation " Rev. L. S^rda; "Studies of '98,"
Brother Benedict: "Days Gone By" Bro
ther ErminoM: "Our Field Day. Brother
Lascian; "College Memories ' FJ.
Kieree, '82: "The Fast Tear" Brother
Asmon; vocal trio. "Alma Mat*r. _\\ .
Sullivan, J. O'Dea. S. \oung; "Our Fu
ture" J. W. Solon. "97: "College Memo
ries," J. J. McDonald. '91.
WILL MEET THE BOYS.
Governor Bichards May Come to Cali
fprnla to See Them Off.
OAKLAND, May 18.— r;< orge C. Hunt, a j
brother-in-law of Governor W. A. Rich- |
ards, received the following letter to-day:
"CHKYEXKE, Wyo.. May 15, IS9S. j
"My D^ar George— Our battalion of in- :
■ fan try will start next Tuesday, May 17,
for S"an Francisco, 324 enlisted men; j
Major Frank M. Foote in command.
"I wish that you would meet them upon <
| their arrival, inconvenient, and give them
! the benefit of your knowledge of San j
! Francisco, which is a new country to >
"The battalion was made up hurriedly i '■
| and contains some recruits, but most of
i them are National Guardsmen, and all ; ;
■ of them will make pood soldiers. Your !
• brother. W, A. Kir HARDS, i I
"If the boys don't saii before May 25 j
I will come over and pee them off."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKET-KY, May IS.— The Peralta
School, situated near the corner of Tele
graph and Alcatraz fcvemies, has been
closed on account of diphtheria in the
vicinity. One little Italian boy, 4 years of
ape, died last Monday, and several cases
have broken out since then.
The engine-house of the California
Powder Works, near Stego station, was
partially destroyed last night by fire. The
machinery was damaged but little.
Placerville— Mrs. R. L. Stone is building a
six-room cottage on the Kltto lot on Colma
btreft. L. C. Morris has the contract-
San Juan--Joe Machado is erecting a new
residence to take the place of the one recently
destroyed by fire.
Grangeville— George Cody will build a two
story house. Jack Ellis of Hanford has the
contract.
Petaluma- Stewart Scott has been awarded
the contract for building two cottages in
Blucher Valley. They are for Robert and
Henry Llnebaugh.
RANDOM NOTES.
The St. Mark's building on Geary street is
being torn down to make room for a seven
story structure to bo erected on the site by
Charles J. xiehlow and through the agency of
Shalnwald. Buckbee & Co.
J. R. Whitney, the owner of the Bay City
Market on Market street, will remove the
building and erect in its plm-e a two-story
brick building, M feet front and SO fest deep,
containing stores and offices. Bids for con
struction will be received until May 20.
A lease was taken by the Santa Fe Pacific
Railway, through agency of Bovee, Toy
& Sonntag, of the property situated at 628
Market street for five years and the ground
floor will be entirely remodeled.
COLLEGE MEN ENLIST.
Coach Garrett Cochran Is Interested
in Forming a Company.
BERKELEY. May 39.— Active interest is
being taken by several students In the
University of California to form a mili
tary company to enlist for the war.
Coach Garrett Cochran is making an ef
fort to effect an organization from among
the members of the university cadets. A
meeting of thdse who intend to enlist was
held in Stiles Hall this afternoon. Coch
ran explained to the men that if they suc
ceeded in getting 106 to sign the roll they
could be formed into a company attached
to the regulars, with the advantage of
having none but college men with them;
otherwise, they would have to scatter
promiscuously among the regulars.
Several signed the roll for enlistment
and will go with the company if it is
called into service. The list includes:
Garrett Cochran, Chapman Smith. Will
Durbrow, Will Foster, John Proctor,
Hugh Webster, Rufus Vaspar, Ira Boss,
Charles Tripler, Selah Chamberlain, Peter
Kaarsberg, Fletcher McNutt, Edward
Sherman and Charles Hughes. One hun
dred and six names are needed altogether
and the men who have already signed feel
confident that they can be obtained.
Cochran this afternoon confirmed the re
port that he had intended to go East.
The Governor of Pennsylvania has offered
him a ci>mmi.sslo!i In Battery A of the
Siate troops, but if the prorcnt plan suc
ceeds he will go to the front with the
company of university cad' ts.
Killed by a Fall.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday waived an
inquest in the case of Mrs. Nora Lam
bert, who died at the French Hospital
last Monday, from the effects of a fall re
ceived in the Lick House on the 12th inst.
The woman's thigh was fractured by the
fall, and deatb resulted from tho conse
quent delirium.
Read Bret Hartes thrilling new story,
"Salomy Jane's Kiss," in next Sunday's
Call.
SHE CLAIMS
THE ESTATE
Hoffman's Stepdaugh
ter in the Field.
TO OUST OTHER HEIRS.
HUSBAND AND WIFE
JOINT WILL.
The Instrument Is Now Contested,
There Being a Large Prop
erty Left.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 18.
Twenty-five years ago Joseph Hoffman
and his wife, who lived in West Oakland,
and who possessed considerable com
munity property, each made a will. The
tenor of the will was precisely the^eame
in each Instance, and both husband and
wife were anxious to provide for the one
which should survive the other.
The will of Hoffman stated that all their
estate was community property and that if
he should die first all his Interest in the
I estate should pass to his wife. The will
j made by Mrs. Hoffman provided that her
I interest should go to her husband, should
he survive.
A few months ago Hoffman was found
! dead in his house and it was thought that
<■ he had died intestate. A search for a will
! proved fruitless, and the Public Adminis
! tra.tor applied for letters on the estate.
j His application is contested by a step
| daughter of Hoffman, who clr.ims to be
I the heir to Mrs. Hoffman's portion. The
| court is called upon to decide whether or
I not any part of the estate belongs to the
i heirs of the wife.
Mrs. Hoffman died several years ago
I and her estate was not administered upon
i by anybody, but remained intact with
i that of her "husband. When Hoffman died
some time elapsed before the two wills
were found, and the stepdaughter in her
petition states that she is entitled to the
community interest of her mother. The
I heirs of Hoffman who are indirectly rep
i resented by the Public Administrator as
| cert that according to the will left by Mrs.
I Hoffman her interest in the community
| property passed to her husband, and that
I therefore there is nothing upon which the
| heirs can administer.
On the other hand, it is claimed by the
i stepdaughter's attorney that the pnep
i erty being community property must of
i necessity belong equally to husband and
1 wife and that the fact that Mrs. Hoffman
i willed her share to h^r husband and that
| her estate was not administered upon does
| not estop her heir at this time from claim
ing her interest. The two petitions will be
heard in the Superior Court next week.
SOULE FOB BBIGADIEB.
OAKLAND, May IS.— M. Gibson, once
a Judge of the Superior Court of this
county and a colonel in the army during
the civil war, forwarded the following dis
patch last evening to Senator Perkins:
"OAKLAND. Cal.. May 17. IS9S.
"Hon. George C. Perkins, United States
Senate, Washington City, D. C— l sug
gest Professor Frank Souie, West Pointer,
for brigadier-general. .
"E. M. GIBSON."
Mr. Soule graduated from West Point
in 1566; was ordnance instructor for three
yfars and. was In charge of the ordnance
bureau at Plttsburg for two years and lias
been a State University professor since
IS7I.
« ♦ ■
Tried to Snatch a Purse.
OAKLAND, May IK— A robber attempt
ed to snatch a purse from the hands of
Miss Harriet M. Sherwood, who lives at
937 Adeline street, last night. Miss Sher
wood had just emerged from her home,
and as she reached the sidewalk the man
approached and, grasping ncr arm, de
manded her purse. The lady fought with
her assailant, and at the same time
screamed for help. The screams attract
ed attention and the robber fled, but
without the purse.
Mothersole's New Lease.
OAKLAND, May IS.— Georgf F. Mother
sole, who was the first manager of the
Macdonough Theater, has taken the lease
and management of the Oakland Theater
from W. Spencer. Mr. Mothersole has
long believed that a theater in this city,
presenting first class plays at popular
prices, is really needed, and he will now
ciarry out his ideas. The patriotic play
"Triss" is drawing big houses this weeek.
Bills of Fare in Fashionable Res
taurants.
The question has been mooted over and over
again whether the engrafting of French and
German dishes upon the bills of fare of the bet
ter class of American restaurants is or is not
an improvement. Many pretend that before
their introduction our cooking was coarse, bar
baric. This is an open question, but no bill of
fare presents attractions to the dyspeptic, but
they like the bilious, malarious and persons
with' weak kidneys, can be cured by Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters.
OCEAN TRAVEL. _
THE BANNER LINE
FROM
affDJipicin»
FORT SELKIRK Mm.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14.
THE POPULAR STEAMER
CLEVELAND,
(Capacity 1500 tons. Accommodations for 330
> Passengers.) . . '•■ ,
i This steamer has been elegantly fitted up
! for passenger service equal to any steamer on
i this coast. Guaranteed speed 14 -knots. Con-
i necting at ■ St. Michael with the powerful
j floating palace of the Yukon. j
STEAMER MARY ELLEN OALVIN.
Length 200 feet, beam 40 feet, draft IS inches;
with accommodation? . for 435 passengers.
This steamer Is the most powerful boat that
has' been built for the Yukon. Electric : lighted
throughout; with a 10, 000-candle power search-
light; fitted with all modern improvements.
I Table on both steamers unsurpassed. -
Sailing dates of our other steamers later on.
For tickets, freight and full information call
on or address. - • ~
NORTH BRITISH-AMERICAN CO., LTD.,
305 MARKET STREET,
- -. •' ■ TEL. ■ CLAY 202. ' ■ - '
Or J. O. McCALL. Gen. Pass, and Freight Apt.
■ 46 Market st., San Francisco (one block from
ferry). Tel. Drumm 8.
(lompagnie Generate Transatlantic, '
: : -. , French Line to Havre. -. . . ■
Company's Pier (new), ,' 42 r North j^jj.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
'by this : line avoid both . transit . by ■3"<M»*ilfc
; English railway and the discomfort of crossing
' the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class. $160;
sscond-class, 4116. •,< , : :4': 4 ' -
LA NAVARRE ....:..... May 28. 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE....... ........ June 4. 10 a. m.
LATOURAINE June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGN'E June IS, 10 a. m.
LA 8RETAGNE.. .:.......... ..June 25, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent;  *
, -■ No. 3 Bowling Green, " New York. >
; J.F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. M§ws£GK£B£§Sss
TOR SAN JOSE, LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRU2
Steamer /Alviao > leaves . Pier; i ; daily.; (.Sundays
l excepted) at ilo' a. m. ; Alvlso ; dally ? (Saturdays
excepted) ~- at ' 6 p. Im. -s Freight and ! passengers. *
"Fare I between I San ' Francisco and I Alviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street, Pier 1. '41 North
First street. San Jose-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON = LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
< I-} - - : .
609 Market Street, San Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOB ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
1/VIA.Y 25th-
FOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND>
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL. AND
DAWSON CITY,
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/VlAY2Bth-
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAR.
i 13OR, Nt'NIVAK ISLAND, HOOPERS
BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY.
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at the mouth of the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of. Fort Cosmos.
JUNEIst-
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITT AND i
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent • Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
. The above steamers are the finest of their ,
class; every comfort given to passengers; best
table set of any line running to Alaska. 1/ !
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line..
For Information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY*
CO9 Market it.. _ San Francisco.
_^__ I
— — —
S*~*\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
- V&*e%iiSO2oKKAR»rYST. Established
fflnr^Sli in I*s* for the treatment c>f Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62OHEARNYNT. Established i
in 1554 for the treatment of Private !
Diseases, Lost Munhood. Debility or
disease vearingon bodyand mind and I
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen ;
jfiffMßayga others fall. Try him. Charges low. j
rJßliilßilißW Tnrr- ittt~i — Callorwrlte. I
Dr. J. K. <«tB COX. Bex 1057. San Frar.cisca j
MADE A
OCEAN TfiAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w Steamers leave Broadway
q^__ wharf, San Francisco.
i BUn^K, . For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
! WPfW May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26, 31, Juna i
KTHEf^R 5, transfer at Seattle.
lIVgKi «kl For - Alaskan ports (from
Wmf^-jgwli Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
1 May IS, June 5, 26. July 17.
'.; ' August 4, 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. CL). Port Towns-
en* SeatUeVcoma, Everett. Anacorte- and
S-V2* WW*. «& -efy^hVy
thereafter, connecting at Seattle , wit* i thta com- |
d F y or th Sa^ta er Cru Z . Monterey. San Simeon. |
Caj-ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
GavTota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 6. 9, 13. 17. -1. 25. is.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter. _ ;
For (la Diego, stopping only at Port Har- ,
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port ,
aX>Ba X>8 m A Tay 8 3, an 7f JFT& STI^ST J& 2 *
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mpgdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Magadan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa- .
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 13.
June 10 and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without -previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Bailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. i
10 Market St.. San Francisco. !
THE 0. R. & N. CO. !
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL;AN,D'
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE § l 2 First Class Including Berth
rHilb S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon '■ ■ May 6. 15. 24
Columbia May 9. IS. 27
State of California.... May 12. 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage- to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD. General Agent, ,
C3O Market st. F
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., f'i'CTA
Superintendents. -. - \
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON. .
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southwark......May 251 Westernland..... June 1 I
•Chester May Kemfngtoa .....June Sj
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL. -
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Pennland May 21|Waeslatid June 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE COLDFIELDS.
Steamers formfly employed in trans-Atlantic !
services of the International Navigation Com- i
pany and specially refitted for this service. !
8. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15. !
S. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania. 3500 tons, from Seattle. i
June 29. •' . •
Connecting with the company's own fleet of ;
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River..: through .to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
PBf Bi ERM3ffl The S.S. MARIPOSA
UNBnIL^ ils via Honolulu and
[ w Si * a " •Auckland for Sydney ,
y - j^>- ~L ' Thursday, May 19, at
rt.y^ I* '^ 2 p. m.
Stj^jfTjSlllD J 2S. s. zealandia.
Q>iCaiiiJlll|/ for HONOLULU only.
/OlTlßfHWr' Wednesday, June 1, 2
*VIIIJ/U!Wp p m _ special . party
' rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. _'■-.;..••
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG,
F. Bismarck..... June 2 F. Bismarck.. ..June 30
A' Victoria..... June :16 F. Bismarck July 23
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.'
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Palatia...:......May 21' Patria.. ........ ..June 4
Pretoria ...... May Phoenicia ..June 11
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed.,: Thuri. and .5at........ -
9:45 a.. m., 3:15 m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays '....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .."."...'.......■....10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission' Dock. Pier 3. •
.-■■■■ Telephone. Red 2241. - y ;
\, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1&97. trains win run as
' follows: : '•■■ - ■ ... . .■• : -.
South-bound;^. ," I - North- bo •.•id. ,•
Passen- I Mixed Mixed Passen-
• ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ■ ger "
Daily. {Except. t tions. Excep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 pm
•:■ 9:10 »m 12:50 pm Merced 12:60 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm ; Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm'
HMO am 5:20 pm Hanford :• 3:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm| 6:45 pm Visalia < 6:40 am 12:40 pm I
':;'■ Stopping . at intermediate points when re-
quired. . - . ' „ .- ' r ■■ , ' '-,:'" I
•Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
;C■' N. » & :- : I. . Co., ■ leaving i San < Francisco • and
i Stockton ;at 6v p. m. -: daily; . at Merced . with i
stages to and : from "Snelllngs, 3 CoultervlUe, Yo-
semite, ,: etc. ; i also with stage - for Hornjtos,
Mariposa, ." etc. ; •at ; Lankershlm } with stage to
and from Madera. ' smS^mSBSfBOt
. RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■
soiixiiKßX i-ACiric !coapinx.
(PACirtO svhtkm.) -
frnlna lenro »n«l nrfe «Imb lo nrrlte Ml
MAS IK*1«IM«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
t.BATg — __j i roic^AWKI l 23. 1898. — abkivm
•G:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... ••**»*
7:OOa Benicia, Suisuu nnd Sacramento.... 10:45 a.
7:OOa Marjsville, OroviUe and Kedding Tia
Woodland • » ! « p
. Vacaville and Ruruscy ........ »i*oe
7:3»a Martinez. San Uaraon, Vallejo. Napa> ■
Callatoga and Santa R05a. . ... . . . . 2 J »5 F
»:OO» Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kast.. , ■»*•>?
SiUOa NileH, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento. MaiystV.le, Chico, _
:'v Tehania and It«<» lUuff 4i15»
•8:SOA Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jameetown
for Yoseniite) ........... .V....... ntlßp
»«OOa New Orleans Kxpress. Merced. Kre».
no, ' UakerslluM, Santa Itarl.ara,
;,<» Aisles, DeiuinK. El l'a»o.
New Orleans and Kast..' 6:4-1 P
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way SUtions - :-*->P
•l:OOp Sacrament.? Itivcr Steamers J >: i'i" f
IsOOp RDM, San Jo«e and Way Stations.. *»:4»A
.:..... San Jose, Niiea and Way Stations... !U:l3a
2:00p LiTermore, MeiidoU, Uanford and
Vißalia •■■•• ««13f
....... UTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations.' ...;... JiOila a
Fresno, Meroed, Martinet, Vallejo.r l*ilir
«:OUp Martinez, tinii lUmoit, Vallojo, - ',
Napa, CttllmwgH, Xl Verano and
Smitaltosa ...................... 9«lSa
4iOOp Benicia, Vacavilie, Woodland.
" :•• . KuieUta Lauding. Murysvilla, Oro-
Title and Sucrnnietitu l«:4»*
4:3'»p Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Siockton .. 7:13-
4:30p Stockton, Oakdale. Merced l»sl.ir
4:3opoaBtleaudLodi I»:15f
»:3op Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Ywemite), Fresno,
MojaTe, bauta Barbara and l.oa
Angelea. 7i4» A
4i»Op Santa i"« lloiite, Atlantic KxpreM
forMojaTo ami Kast 6:43?
6:00p Kiiri.pcun Mail, Ogden and Kaat. .. . Ui4Sa
•6:OOr Vallejo.. 12:I»f
6:OOp HaywardH. Niles anil San .10ne...... 7:43 a
17: OOp Vallejo, Port CoeU and Way Bu-
ttons-... J8«43»
- StOOp Oregon i:»nri-nii,.Saci.iiin'M l i>. Mary*-
ville, Uf.l.liiiK. l'urtland, I'liget
■Sniinil anil Hast gil»A.
' SAX LbA.MHiO AM> lIAVWAKHS I.UCAK.
(Foot of Market Street.)
7— ~ " f 7:I3l
8:0* a Helrose, Srmißary Park, 'IR*!? 1 "
1O. ! O«A Fltchbnrg, Elmhunit, nlir!
it i":OOa San Leandro, South Sam 1 ? s 1« l>
tl8:OOM LeMdro ,EstßdlllO, |J ! :t^
»a:OOp • Lorenzo, Cherry • IVm«*
4:00p |3:43p
sloop - *■*« , «:«"»P
5:SOp IlajnarrW. -ViH'
7:OOP % » .v 2 f« F
8:00p « Runs through to Nllei. il'tul
ttimgp^ FromNil c.. imSiss;
~ COAST lUVInION (Narrow «nuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
17:43 a SanU Cruz Kxouriiion, Santa Cru*
•nd Principal Way Stations JSIOO
SilSa Newark, CeDtcrTllle,BanJoee,Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 8:8«»
•8:15p Newark Ceuterrille, Sap Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • »1O:5»a
4: 1 5 San Jose, Glenwood k Way Station* 9:20 a. --
q4: l Boulder Creek and Saota Cruz j»:*«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl'-00 *2:00 t3:S3
•4:00 16:00 •6:00r.M.
mmOiKUNO— r«t»rßr»«dwty.— *6:o4 3:00 IC:Ooa.m.
tl2:00 *l:00 \ t2:00 *3:00 t«:00 »5:00 p.m.
' COAST IM VISION (liroad Uauge).
■ (Third and Townoend SU.) . ,
*7i»«a Kan .lone and Way SUtiom (New
: Alinaden Wednesdays only) 1»SO»
J7::!Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
SaaU Cruz, . Pacific Grore and
Vrineipai Way Stations JSiSSf
9:od* Hail .lose, Tres Duos, Santa Cms,
Pucilic f!vn»e. Paao Rubles, Sau
Luis OMano. Quadalupe, Surf and
Triuolpal Way .SUtiiing 4ilOf ■
lU:JOa San .lose and Way Stations »S:»!Oa
I1:3Oa Ban Jose anil Way Stations •8:33*.
*2:43r San Mateo, Kedtrood, Palo Alto,
Santa. Clara, Han Jose, Oilroy,
Hullister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey »nd Pacific Crore ...... MOiS.Ia
■»:3Op San Jose and Way Stations *9:OUa.
*4:l!»i» San Jose ami Principal Way Stations t»:4S\
•3:00 San Jose and Principal Way Stations #:BSa
5:30 i> San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 5:30p
«:««!• San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30p .
tll:4si> San Jose and Way Stations. 7:30p ;
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• SuikUts eicrpti-l. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. .
i Similars and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. tT
Tlbsroß Pern, F«»t «ff Market St.
t>--».-\ JjiiAN CISCO" TO aAiN ±LAJi'AJ±i*.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:SS.
8:30, 5.10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:fi4
and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
£** SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:4S«
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ad
■ 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 . p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; X:4O, ' M*.
6:00, 6:25 p. in. • ...~ r .
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave -■ I Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23. .
Week i Sun- 1398. ' Sun- I Week'"
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am i Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, . 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:21 pmi
. Fulton. ' i!
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am'
Healdsburc.
- Lytton,
Geyserville, - : ■' :
B]3o_pm 8:00 am _ Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm 6.22 pea
7730 ami | Hopland and] 110:25 am"
8:30 pm[8:00 am| Uklah. [ 7:35 pmf 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. . 7:35 pm]
3:30 pm - I -_ [ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 sun
■■: .. ( .and ii ■:-•-. .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. J 6:10 pmf 6:22 pm
7:30 am'isioo ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for'
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan - Springs. >
Highland Springs, KelseyviUe. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlver-
Fide, Llerley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights.
Hullvllle, Boonevllle. CrTa Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday? round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' -■ -' s '
- Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Fres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
iTSSSni. CALIFORNIA
gg^imm LIMITED.
I f *|imljji ' SAN FRANCISCO
lIBIMbsSL CHICAGO.
|Lz^?^^Sr?t^SsJJ UnlbAbU.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
. Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge
DINING CAR,
;., > BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
." Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers. C/S:
days to Chicago, 4% days to New York. . '
Trains arrive and depart | from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office, IIIS Broadway. ' Sacramento -■
office.- 201 ij_ street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara •treet.^sSbHHpBSWHBBH^wHHMnBtSBH
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay X. ISS3.
. - WiJK DAYS. •
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. •8:00.
•9:30. ' 11:00 a. m.; . *l:4d, .. 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, •6:00.
C:3O p. m. .... : ' . '•■
Extra trips for San Rafael .on ' Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays : and , Sundays at 11:3
p. m. .• : • ■ •■ • ■ ■-.-■••■■' ,■.■- - . ■ ■.- ■ ■■ ,
SUNDAYS.
- For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, : *9.00.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. 1:00. mIAS.m lA5. »2:30. •4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m. ,'■ ■-•.'■ . . . ••-.■; :
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
: C:3O p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days^ — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way | sta'na. i
6:15 p. m. week ■ days ;■ (Sat. ; ex.) — Tomales and
"■ way : stations. •'. ■ •> v/ : - ,
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAI? SCENIC RAILWAY.
; (Via Sausalitoi Ferry.) •/:
- Leave ■ Ean ■ Francisco.- commencing : May 1.
IS3S: :'■-■■ ■ ■,; ■■ ■ ... - - - : I-"' 1 -: :; r -' : -~ '-':'■
- Week — 9:30 a: m., 1:45 and 5:13 p. m. ■
'Sundays— 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 c. ==t i:w and "
3:30 p. .m. ■■- ~ ' ' • ■ ■; , ;
?; Round trip from Mill Valley,' tl.
~; THOS. COOK :• & ; SON, Agents. 621 - Market
street, San Francisco. ;
1112
ALL AROUND
THE BASES
Sacramento Club Was
Offered for Sale.
CALIFORNIA IN THE EAST.
SAM MERTES, THE SWINGER,
— MUST REFORM.
Bright and Newsy Notes of the Local
Teams and Their Individual
Members — Games in
View-
By Joe Corbett.
Four two-baggers Is hitting the ball.
Mr. Stultz made this record in last Sun
day's game at Fresno.
At the last meeting of the consolidated
leagues. Messrs. Kripp and Hennesy of
fered to sell the Sacramento club, in
cluding lease of grounds, for $2300, and
there were no bidders, or, rather, there
were no takers. I am of the opinion that
Kripp and Hennesy were but "Jesting."
It seems absurd that this club, the best
drawing card in the league, could bo
bought at such an insignificant figure.
Don't make that proposition again,
"Spike," or Bunker of sausage fame will
surely buy you out.
California players are going right to
the front back East, the latest one taken
under the "wing" of the Major League
being Sam Mertes. This is Sam's sec
ond chance in fast company, and it is
to be hoped that he remains there. Cali
fornians who have watched him play are
unanimous in the opinion that he is a
gTeat player, his base running especially
being much admired. However, an in or
out fielder must have the other very nec
essary qualifications— fielding and bat
ting—as well as base running. Sam, in
my opinion, swings too nervously at the
ball when batting, and will experience
the same difficulty in connecting with it
as he did in '96, if he does not practice
"snapping at ttu- ball." Pitchers tnrow a
much faster ball in the National League
than most people imagine. To bat them
sucessfully, one must meet the ball, not
swing with all ones might. When Mertes
joined the Philadelphia club two seasons
ago he was a failure because he could
not bat. I watched his work very closely,
on account of his being a San Francisco
boy, and know that he was unable to
connect with the ball, principally through
his •'swinging tactics." During his slight
engagement here with the San Francisco
club a month or so ago t'ne methods em
ployed by him when at bat were the
same. He could afford to "swing"
against the pitchers out here, however,
as they are hardiy fast enough to compel
Eastern players to do otherwise; yet I
predict that if Sam does not learn to
meet the ball for a base hit instead of
endeavoring to knock the cover off. his
troupes will be similar to those experi
enced in '96. As a feeder and base run
ner he has few superiors in the National
League. His success in those depart
ments is assured, yet the sooner he
learns that snapping or meeting the ball
is the correct ana proper way to bat the
Quicker will he reach the top of the
ladder.
The Fresno team is putting up a great
article of ball at present, and from every
indication trill continue to do so. What
they will accomplish when on the road is
a rather delicate proposition to handle. ;
Manager Hennesy thinks they will go to
the bottom when away from Fresno, so
hurry up, "ye raisin growers"; we fans
up here want to get a line on how you
win games. To show there is no lack of .
"patriotism" in your part of the country,
bring up a few carloads of raisins when
you come; Col. T. P. is a trifle shy and
there is nothing like being generous.
"I saw Hughes." says an Eastern play
er, "before Jennings or the tourists
reached California, and I recommended i
him to Canny Mack weeks before the
Baltlmores and All-Americas arrived at
the coast. For .^nme reason or other 1
failed to reply to my letter until
Jennings had Hughes signed with the
Baltimore?.' Mack's negligence was a
good thing for Hughes. Had he Joined j
the minor leagues there is no feeling i
when he would have been given a chance
to mix in fast company.
Umpires can spoil a game as well as
A lulse decision by the umpire
is often as disastrous as a ghastly error
by a fielder, so far as the artistic points
oi' the game are concerned. Umpires haVe i
spoiled many a game where the spoiling
Lttributed to the player. And why?
Because the error of the umpire inspired j
doubt, indifference and lack of confidence
in the player. Such is the philosophy of
Manager Coffroth.
Henry Krug has a delivery similar to j
that of Wilson, now pitching for the \
Glevelands. Hennie is doing just as good
w^rk, too.
Another scalp for Hughes. The "Qua
kers" of Philadelphia fell down before his i
mysterious caroms Wednesday, and in j
winning that game Hughes stopped what •
appeared to be a "slide down the tobog
gan" for the Baltimore club. I cannot
understand why Hanlon is pitching
Hughes und McJames so often. In the j
case of Hughes, 1 am afraid he is not
acting wisely. The season is very long, j
and when the real hot weather sets in a I
pitcher must be strong. Hughes, I under- j
stand, likes warm weather, but he won't
think so much of it if he permits
Hanlon to work him out before it arrives.
There is nothing like looking out for your
own interests in baseball. If you don't,
nobody else will, and I am talking now
from experience. Hughes should not i
pitch over two games a week at the most.
He might be strong enough to stand it,
yet it does not bring any more money, j
and very little thanks. With Hoffer and
Nops pitching good ball. Hughes might
pitch seven games a week. Should his
arm become sore there is a chance for
rest. The way things are at present, !
however, it would be impossible to give I
him a rest, as Hoffer and Ross are !
having very bad luck and Hanlon only i
likes to work those who can win; he has |
little use for the loser. Therefore "Jim- ;
mie" should remember that old proverb,
"Charity begins at home."
Pitcher Thomas of Fresno from all ac- |
counts is a "wonder." Last Sunday he let j
Stockton down with one nit and one run,
also striking out seven men. Very muchly !
"a la Hughes."
Pink Mclntyre has been suspended for ;
one month, reason kept secret. This I
should be a warning to all players who j
are inclined to be "giddy." The league !
will not tolerate conduct that is not of the j
best, and should be complimented for such '
a stand.
The "Athletics," comprising as it does
the "creme de la creme" of the San Fran
ciscos and Olympics of the defunct Pacific
Coast League, is now considered one of I
the strongest teams in the league, which !
fact was clearly demonstrated when a
week ago they met and defeated the
"Beachcombers" by a score of score of 14
to 8 on their own grounds.
Jack Johnson and "Blockers" Hanley
have been appointed sole agents, for a
patent arm medicine. They claim it will \
do wonderful things with a "dilapidated
arm" (surh as Blockers') and all the
players are now using it.
"Contsey" Billings Is satisfied that i
Fresno lias the best team in the league, j
but "Cootsey Wootaey" was in Fresno j
when he made that statement and cvi- |
dently forgot that San Francisco was |
still supporting a team, which Is second to
none in the Stat.\
A Combined Picnic.
One of the largest picnic parties that
will go out of the city for a day's outing
will leave for Los ■ Gatos . Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains, on Saturday next. ?■ It
will be made up of the combined Sabbath
schools of nineteen of the Presbyterian
churches of the city. They will be: Trin
ity, First, Howard, Olivet, Mizpah. Leb
anon, Franklin. Westminster, St. John's,
St. John's Mission, Memorial, Holly Park,
Chinese, French. Second-street, ; Mission;
Calvary, Stewart Memorial, , United Pres
by.terian and First United Presbyterian.
The train will leave the depot at Third
and Tovnsend; streets at 8:30 a. m.. and
•will be run in -two or ; perhaps three 'sec
tions. The fare will be 50 cents for adults
and :25 • cents ': for - children under 12 : years
of age.
PERRY WON
THE TOURNEY
He Outboxed Dierks in
Clever Style.
PRIES A DISAPPOINTMENT
MANY SURPRISES SPRUNG DUR
ING THE ENTERTAINMENT.
Science and Heavy Hitting Predom
inated, While Rich Red Blood
Was Spilled in
Plenty.
"If you want to sea the real thin* in
fighting without incurring the risks of
! travel and fever in a trip to Manila you
• must take in a tournament of an ama
■ teur athletic club. For a small admis
; sion one is presented with slugging, sci
: ence and singing, all of which will bring 1
i out all the enthusiasm you possess," said
! an old ringgoer last night.
He was leaving the clubrooms of the
San Francisco Athletic Club, after wit
nessing the close of an exciting amateur
tournament from a hard board seat in
the gallery when he said this, and every
one within the sound of his voice backed
him up by nods of acquiescence and
passed out into the night.
A more enthusiastic gathering of fol
lowers of the game of "block and get
away" never witnessed a more surprising
end to a tournament than that last night.
Every one present felt positively certain
that there was only one man in the fray,
and that was a lad named Pries. Many
were so sure of his winning that they ex
changed bets On the result. They figured
that Pries' fine showing at a previous
meeting, when he knocked the man he
was to meet round like a shuttlecock,
was enough to insure their money.
They might have won their money and
had the satisfaction of picking a winner
but for the overconfidence of their choice.
Pries felt so sure he would win that he
did not devote as much time as he oueht
to training for the event. On the otner
hand, Dierks, profiting by the last meet
ing, trained to a nicety, and with a de
termination to win. He showed the lat
ter spirit at the sound of the gong by
poing- at his man, with head lowered,
pell-mell. The onslaught was so unex
pected that Pries tried to check his ardor,
with the result that he was soon winded.
Lack of condition hampered him through
out the next three rounds, but he .still
showed that he possessed remarkable
science. The aggressive work of Dierks
gained him a decision.
Afterward a long and lanky youth
named Perry, who by force of arms and ,
grit managed to get in the finals, boxed a
bye with a rotund lad named Kenny, and
when both men were completely rested
the closing bout to decide the champion
ship was put on.
Perry proved himself to be a clever
two-handed fighter, with a complete
knowledge of the game. He was able to '
land on powerful young Dierks at will, not
without receiving some hard smashes in
return. Both lads were willing, and dur- |
ing the four rounds set a fast and merry ;
clip. Trained to the minute, they went
the distance without over-puffing, and
when the men went to their corners a
howl arose from the throats of the audi
ence in favor of Perry, ihe judges were ;
quick to respond by awarding Perry the
championship, amidst more howls. Again
\v;is the talent dumped. They had fig
ured on Dierks as a winner and had bet
accordingly. Although many were losers
the outcome of the contests proved en
tirely satisfactory, as the best man
earned his laurels.
Many would like to see Pries and Perry
in the ring as opponents, and it is more ,
than likely that a meeting will be ar- j
ranged.
Among the boxers to appear were: Dean ;
and Smith. O'Brien and Suter. deaf- !
mutes, and Granfield and Condon. Mr.
Hanson sang and James J. Jeffries lent I
pugilistic dignity to the affair by his !
presence.
Efforts are being made to match Char
ley M^Keever and Frank McConnell.
THE BOSTON QUARTET.
Another Success Scored by the Knei-
sel Combination.
The second concert given by the Knelsel
quartet from the Boston symphony or
chestra at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Hall
last evening only served to deepen the
favorable impression made on Monday.
The audience was larger, and, if any-
thing, more appreciative, and six and
seven recalls after many of the move
ments were frequent-
The quartet in D major by A. Bawdine
was a novelty, and the dainty Scherzo,
the dreamy Notturno and wonderful An
dante-Vivace carried the house by storm.
In striking contrast was Schubert's pos
thumous quartet, "Death and the Maid
en," which received a delicacy of treat
ment rendered more exquisite by the
power and strength which lay beneath it.
Schumann's quartet in A major, op. 41, No.
3, was the final and most popular number,
and at the conclusion of the "Assai agi
tato" the artists had to bow again and
again. In all throe works the players
again showed a unanimity of feeling and
perfection of ensemble which can only be
gained by adequate preparation and long
association. The audience, as usual, was
late, but Kneisel and his associates dis
played a commendable patience by wait
ing" until every one was seated.
After the concert the Bostonians were
tendered a reception and banquet by the
Orpheus Club at its rooms on O'Farrell
street. The last concert in this city will
be given Saturday afternoon at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Hall.
IN AID OF ST. PATBICK'S.
Successful Entertainment Given in
Odd Fellows' Hall.
There was a most successful entertain
ment given in Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening for the "benefit of the bazaar to
be held by St. Patrick's parish. Music,
vocal and instrumental, made up most of
the programme, and encores were as nu
merous as the numbers rendered. The
programme was not a long one, and the
reason was plain when at its close it
was announced that the floor would be
cleared for dancing. The audience was
just well enough divided to make danc
ing a most acceptable diversion, and it
was well along toward lateness when the
last couple left the floor. Those in charge
of the entertainment were: Miss Mary E.
Flaherty, who afterward acted as floor
manager; Mrs. R. Reid, Miss Mary Bar
rett, Miss Mary Leonard, Miss Margaret
Sullivan and Miss Klttie O'Neil.
Mantell's Extended Engagement.
Robert Mantell's present engagement at
the California Theater has been so sue-
cessful that arrangements have been
made by which the dates for his appear
ance at near by cities have been canceled
and the actor will remain for another
week begining with next Monday night.
The production of Charles Osborne's "The
Face In the Moonlight," which Mantell
and his company are presenting this week,
has been an unqualified success. It will
be given to-night and again on Sunday.
The repertoire for the coming week has
been arranged for the presentation of the
charming romance. "A Secret Warrant."
on Monday and Tuesday nights only. On
Wednesday and Thursday nights Mr.
Mantell will again he seen in Monbars.
Bobbed a Blind Man.
Patrick Brady, a blind peddler of pen
cils, key rings and shoe laces, swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yester
day for the arrest of a bedmaker at the
Revere House, 675 Mission street, on a
charge of petty larceny. He said he en
gaged a room there Monday morning, and
he missed his valise. When he accused
the bedmaker of taking it he was kicked
and an attempt was made to throw him
downstairs. He had to buy a new outfit
Read Bret Harte's thrilling new story,
"Salomy Jane's Kiss," in next Sunday's
Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 19, 1898.
WINNERS ON
THREE TRICKS
Horses First Past the
Judges.
SKATE TAKES A HANDICAP
ISABEY BEATS GOODRICH AND
GID LAW.
Old Mainstay Runs Third in a Race
at Morris Park and Dr. Eich
berg Captures the Laur
eate Stakes.
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— Tha fair grounds
track was good to-day.
Maiden three-year-olds, six furlongs.
Fourth Ward won, George T. Todd sec
ond. Kings Guard third. Time, 1:16%.
Maiden two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs. Flying Bird won. By George
second, Dandy third. Time, :58*4.
Selling, seven furlongs, Nannie G won,
Kiss Me second, Little Ocean third. Time,
1:3014.
Handicap, one mile and seventy yards,
imported Skate won, The Elector second,
Linda third. Time. 1:46*4- .
Seven furlongs, Protus won. Prince of
India second, Russella third. Time, 1:30.
Selling, one mile. Libation won, Belle
Ward second, Tole Simmons third. Time,
1:43.
LOUISVILLE, May IS.— The weather
was warm and the track was dusty.
Six furlongs, selling, Frank Wagner
won. Belle Chase second, Onagon third.
Time, 1:1714:
Four and a half furlongs, Mazo won,
Ravenna second, Flavius third. Time,
:57^i.
Free handicap, one mile, Isabey won,
Goodrich second, Gid Law third. Time,
1:43.' , . ■ „, ,
One mile, selling, Prosecutor won, Kriss
Kringle second, Oxnard third. Time,
1:44^.
Four furlongs, selling, Louisville Belle
won, Lygia second, Austin Keswick third.
Time, :B<i%.
Six furlongs, selling, Bermuda Dance
won, Allie Belle second, Rotha third.
Time. 1:17%. -.-':>,--
NEW YORK, May ■ 18.— Results at Mor
ris Park: < _
Seven furlongs. Semper Ego won. Ban
nock second. Mainstay third. Time,
1:28%.
Six furlongs, selling, Ten Spot won.
High Hoe second, Tremargo third. Time,
Laureate stakes, five furlongs. Dr. Eich
berg won, Rusher second, Hultzopochtle
third. Time, :59%. ■ .
Four and a half furlongs, Kingdom won,
Etfielbert second. Jack Point third. Time,
The eclipse course, Gala Day won, Max
imo Gomez second, Varus third. Time,
The Knickerbocker hurdle handicap,
one and three-quarters miles. Challenger
won. Sir Vassar second, Lady Dainty
third. Time, 3:17.
FORESTIC " COMPANIONS.
Convention of Officers and Delegates
of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F.
The first session of the Supreme Grand
Chele of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., was held Tuesday in Forest
ers' Hall. There were present all the
supreme grand officers and delegates from
thirty-one circles, whose credentials wera
favorably passed upon by J. J. Roberts of
Piedmont Circle. Mrs. Fannie Jonas of
Eureka Circle and Mrs. William Wetmore
of Pride of the Forest Circle. There were
also present three past supreme officers
and seven members of the executive
board.
The supreme grand president, Mrs.
Sarah Beversen, delivered her address
which shows that during the past year
the supreme inner guaid, Mrs. Lena
Schweitzer, resigned, and that Mrs. M.
Ash was chosen to fill the vacancy; that
twelve death claims were promptly paid;
that while tho order did not make any
great gain in membership during the year
it is still doing well and everything is
harmonious; several new circles have
been instituted in the Kast, and there are
piospects of new ones being instituted in
this State shortly. She expressed her
t banks to John Falconer. P. S. G. C. C,
for assistance, and to Mrs. Florence N.
Morrow, the grand secretary.
.k communication was read from the
subsidiary high court of the Ancient Order
of Foresters announcing that the resolu
tion adopted at San Jose recognizing the
( ornps&nions of the Forest as a branch of
the Ancient Order of Foresters had been
ail.rmed by a unanimous vote, which in
formation was received with applause.
It was decided that there should be no
c!ia::ge in the written or unwritten work
of ihe order.
The report of the committee on the state
of the order showed that at the previous
session thfe order was In debt, but that
since, by careful and economical man
agement, all obligations had bee,n met and
that there was a sufficient sum to meet
all expenses of the convention and still
have a balance on hand. The membership
of the order is 1548.
At the session of the Grand Circle yes
terday Mrs. Nevins and Mrs. Ninnis, pa-st
officers, who had resigned from the order,
were restored to their former standing.
The following were elected officers for
the current year:
Mrs. Sarah Beversen, grand supreme chief
companion (re-elected fourth term}; Mrs. Vir
ginia CerveUi, sub-chief companion; Mrs. Julia
Bennett, treasurer: Mrs. Florence X. Morrow,
secretary (re-elected by acclamation) ; Mrs.
Minnie Ash, right guide; Miss Vera McNaugh
ton, left guide: Miss Rnsie Banz, inside guard:
Mrs. Kate Futherir, herald. All these officers
excepting the herald, who is from Sacramento,
are from San Francisco. Trustees— Miss Hat
tie Colvin of Colorado Springs, Mrs. O. Bacon
of Jackson. Mrs. W. Polk of Merced. Auditors
— Mrs. J. C. Goodwin, Mrs. Minnie Asher and
Rosie Feters. Final arbitrators— A. M. Phll
lipr., P. S. S. C. C. A. Magistra, Mrs. Mary
Large, Mrs. Mamie Axtel, Mrs. Fannip Jonas,
Miss Kate Downing and Mrs. Mary Cummings.
Organist, Miss H. Colvin.
The officers were installed on Tuesday
by John Falconer, Mrs. Minnie Asher
and A. M. Phillips, past grand supreme
chief companions, after which the dele
gates and grand officers were the guests
at a banquet of the Past Chiefs' Asso
ciation.
STRUCK THE GRIPMAN.
A Bow on a Street Car Leads to the
Arrest of Frank Brown.
Frank Brown, who Is employed in the
office of the United States District At
torney, was arrested last night on a
charge of battery. Brown and a friend
named J. B. Shexrard boarded a Market
street car, and had some words with the
conductor over the payment of their fare.
Sherrard, It is claimed, struck the grip
man in the face, almost knocking him
down. The conductor, fearing further
trouble, blew a police whistle, which was
answered by Officer Morrissey. As the
conductor pointed out Brown as the man
who struck his fellow-workman, the of
ficer placed him under arrest. Shortly
after he was locked up in the City-
Prison Sherrard appeared and put up $20
rash bail for his release. He admitted
that he was the cause of the disturbance,
and threatended to "do it again" under
similar circumstances.
The Opposition Withdrew.
A meeting of the stockholders of the
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany was held yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of electing officers for the
ensuing year. There had been rumors of
a clash among the stockholders, but when
the meeting opened C. Spreckels with
drew the opposition ticket which wu
heretofore put forward. The following
were elected: M. H. Hecht, G. S. Wheeler
Rudolph Spreckels. C. A. Spreckels and
M. S. Wilson.
Read Senator William E. Chandler's
prophecy, "Looking Beyond the War,"
in next Sunday's CalL
TWO REPORTS
AS TO HAWAII
House Committee For
Annexation.
A SUBSTITUTE RESOLUTION
FOUR OF THE MEMBERS
FAVOR IT.
Some Logical Arguments Advancec
in Opposition to Acquisition of
the Islands by This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Ri&STS House,
Washington, May 18.
Chairman Hltt has presented the
majority report of the House Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs in favor of
the annexation of Hawaii by Joint
resolution. It states that the proposi
tion is not new to either Government.
For fifty years it has been apparent
that so small and feeble a Government
must be merged with a stronger
power.
The report states that "there Is no
undue pressure on the part of the
United States as a great power; no
surprise to any one; no possibility of
objections by other governments. It is
1 simply the obvious result of the natural
course of events through a long period
of years, thus completed with the cor
dial consent of the sovereign powers of
both governments. The only question
involved is whether the proposed pos
session of the Hawaiian Islands would
! be advantageous to the United States."
The strategic importance of the isl
: ands is then discussed, also the risk
of delaying acquisition, as there is dan
ger of the islands falling under Japan
; ese influence and control. American
commercial interests would be pro
moted and action, the report says,
would do away with foreign complica
i tions over the islands. A brief argu
: ment is made upon the subject of ac
l quiring territory by legislative act, and
it is declared that there is nothing In
the constitution to prevent such acqui
sition. In conclusion the report says:
The acquisition of these Islands does not
contravene our national policy or tradi
tions. It carries out the Monroe doctrine,
which excludes European powers from
interfering In the American continent and
outlying Islands, but does not limit the
United States; and this doctrine has been
long applied to these very islands by our
Government. As Secretary Blame said, in
1881, the situation of the Hawaiian Islands,
giving them strategic control of the
North Pacific, bring their possession with
in the range of questions purely Ameri
can.
The annexation of these islands does
not launch us upon a new policy or de
part from our time-honored traditions of
caring first and foremost for the safety
and prosperity of the United States.
The minority report on the Hawaiian
annexation question, signed by Messrs.
Dinsmore, Clark, Williams and Howard
of the committee, sets out eight reasons
against annexation and offers a substi
tute resolution practically establishing
a protectorate over the islands.
It declares that the Hawaiian people
have not been consulted, nor have the
American people, charging that . the
only hope for action is under the cry
of "war emergency" before the people
can be consulted. The other counts
specified against annexation are that
annexation in the manner pro
posed is unconstitutional; the islands
are too remote and furnish too
much additional coast line to be
defended; the population is not racially
nor religiously nor otherwise homo
genous with our own; political domin
ion of the islands is not commercially
necessary; the islands are not from a
naval or military standpoint necessary
to our defense; and, admitting that its
foreign occupation would be dangerous
to us, and that there exists a single
nation willing, in the face of our re
peated diplomatic declarations of our
position, to incur the dangers of war
with us in order to seize or hold them,
this danger may be met when the first
overt fitcr ffr open domonstration shows
its actual existence, or may be pre
vented by the passing of the minority
resolution heretofore cited.
GRADUATING CLASS BANQUET.
Brilliant Affair Given by the Univer-
sity of California Alumni.
The banquet given "last night at the
California Hotel to the graduating class
of '98 by the Alumni Association of the
University of California was a brilliant
affair. The bnnquet hall was patriotical
ly decorated with a profusion of Ameri
can flags, and the guests, to the number
of 150. partook of an elaborate menu.
William R. Davis, '74, presided at the
feast, while on his right sat Pro
fessor E. A. James of the Chicago Uni
versity as guest of honor. Twenty ladies,
members of the Alumnae, were also hon
ored guests.
The programme was as follows: "The
Average," William R. Davis, '74. presi
dent Alumni Association; "The Graduate
Afterward," Hon. Horace Davis, ex
president of the university; "University
Spirit." Jessica B. Peixotto '94; "Us Pa
triarchs," John E. Budd, '74; "Higher
Than Wages." T. A. Perkins, '96: "Invol
untary Distinction." Harry Berkeley
Budd, *9S; "University Soldiery Frank
H. Powers, '84; "The Earnest Student,"
D. E. Collins, '74; "Us Seniors, Turned
Freshmen," J. W. L-eggett, '98.
STABBED IN THE ARM.
Ah Sin, a Chinese Janitor, Cut by a
Milk Wagon Driver.
Ah Sin, a Chinese, who Is employed as
janitor at the Cooper Medical College,
was severely cut in the left arm last
evening by the driver of m. milk wagon.
The wounded man had just left the col
lege when he was accosted by his assail
ant, who called him several vile names.
Falling to pick a quarrel with him, the
driver of the wagon drew a long knife
and slashed his victim across the arm.
cutting a deep gash. He then Jumped on
his wagon and made his escape. The
wounded Chinese subsequently visited
the Receiving Hospital, where the cut in
his arm was dressed.
Democratic Club Formed.
The Thirty-second Assembly District
Democratic Club organized on Tuesday
wlth the following temporary offlcers:
J. P. Deveraux. president: Ed Riley. vice
president; William Fan-ell, recording: sec
retary; I. S. Delahanty, financial secre
tary; J. J. Ryan, treasurer; William Col
bert, fcergeant-at-arms. The chairman
was instructed to appoint a committee of
five on permanent orgarrization to report
back at the next meeting to be held on
Thursday evening at 543 Bryant street.
Not F. Cook Caldwell.
The attorney whose name was men
tioned in last Sunday's Call as being ac
cused of swindling Mrs. Avanseno was
not F. Cook Caldwell, but another Cald
well, who is well known as a Police Court
practitioner.
L.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May lg
Stmr State of California, Green, 50 hours frtn
Portland, via Astoria 39 hours.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived May 18— Schr
Vega, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— PaIIed May 18— Stmr Noyo, for
Orca; bark Prussia, tor San Francisco; bark
Columbia.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Loa e'!*o7T~F7'and~A! : Ji"
M win meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#V-
EVENING, May 19, at 7:30 o'clock. "KJf
Third degree. By order of the Master, f^ >
. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, •
r<rr? •£■•„ M - ■ meets THIS EVEN- «iv.
ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. ifV
By order of the Master. . - /V>
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No 15, I O .~.»m.»..
?. TIT I: Two Initiations TO-^l^3^;
iJ i* TVT V Vlsiti ns brothers In-^^^
- vlted. ;.. JAS. BO YES. Rec. Sec. ~^7m^~
C 9,UR T Occidental No. 6676, , A. O. F — ■»* ■"*
Offlcers and members ' are notified to Z?l
T^m/s^GR^U^ late Brother : Jf\-
THOMAS GRIFFITHS. ' from under- «>
THrß<fnAY SS M 6S Mission st.. at 1:30 p .m.
Olivet Cemetery. By order Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. By order
. ;' __ J. T. VINAL. C. R.
A^^ V r^h Dee } in Fr'^ regma7~annual meet-
TrLf the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
' St.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the
23d day of May, 1898, at the hour of 3 p. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will
close on Friday, May 13. 1898. at 2 p m
,->,« .1, CHAS - A GIBSON, Secretary.
Office— 827 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal. .
A /^ WEE KS news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. ..
. 1 - SPECIAL NOTICES.
PASSENGERS who weTe'^n^UHlo^stTcar'^on
?.'i n^ a ?.'« May ''*• 1898 -- when EDWARD E.
iiLiEASOA was thrown from the car at
curve where Baker st. Intersects Union st
will confer a favor by Bending addresses to
« T m^ nicatln Wltn saJd EDWARD E.
QLEASON, 1051 Mission et.. San Francisco.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers
towels, flannels,, etc., very cheap at the Plo-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
%7 £Ji -, col nt ry. PACIFIC COLLECTION^
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; teL 6580.
MISS MAY'S geunine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room B.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101% Grant aye., cor. Geary,
; room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. , 1505
Market St.. cor. Eighth, room 98. second floor.
MISS L. Dean, 917 Market, parlors 11 and 12,
Turkish Baths and massage treatment.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St.. rm. 8.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15^ Turk and 1118 Market, ran. 15-16.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell st.
ROOMS papered from $2 B0; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2808. 24th.
MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17. -
MME. H..NSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat^s. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120>4 Geary st., room 11. ■
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10. second floor front.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. SI (fifty
cents ■ per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, June 1, 1898. Transfer -books
will close on Thursday, May 26. 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Dividend No, 55 (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Friday, May 20, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, May 14, 1898. at 12
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS head waitress and 20 first-class
side waitresses await positions at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
15 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids now awaiting
calls at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary.
HOTEL cook, first class, awaits position. .C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st; phone
Grant 185. , : .
FIRST-CLASS family cook, • best of references,
desires position. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.; phone Grant ISS. ,; . 
FIRST-CLASS child's , nurse desires engage-
ment; city references. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104, Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
YOUNG Swedish girl to assist in housework;
strong and willing; $8 to $10;. best reference.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
STRONG young woman, first-class cook, ' de-
sires situation in a Jewish family; 2 years
last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German housegirl; good cook and laun-
dress; city or cointry; $20. MRS. NORTON,
Swedish and German Employment Bureau, 323 !
Sutter st.
AT the German employment office of MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls await positions.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
COOKS, thoroughly competent. 2 friends, would
like positions together; can take entire charge
of hotel or first-class boarding-house kitchen;
wages not less than $75 a month. For further
particulars address box 4634, Call office.
WANTED— By a competent Eastern , woman,
to :do fine American cooking or as working
housekeeper and cooking: .. city :or country.
Please -call or address MRS. W., 603 Wash-
ington st.
NEAT, respectable young girl to do light house-
work, who is willing and obliging; sleep
home; Mission; wages $10 to $12. Address A.
8., box 4600, Call office. .:.,
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants
situation as cook; willing ■to assist with
washing;. city or country. Address 608 Jones
St., near Geary.
WORKING housekeeper would like a place in
respectable widower's ! family; good - refer-
ence. Call or address Housekeeper, 77 Ninth.
POSITION by young lady; assistant bookkeeper,
cashier or saleslady; wishes steady place';
small pay at start; references. Box 4662, Call.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes light house-
work; city or Oakland-; wages $10 to $12. Call
.on MRS. KERR, 1231 Market St.. near Ninth.
WANTED— By reliable .' woman, -work by the
day; any kind of housework; good laundress;
$1 a day and car fare. MRS. M., 1104 Mission.
WANTED— By capable woman, '. housework or
care children by day, week or month; city or
country- 1124 Folsom st., ; near Eighth.
SITUATION wanted— Lady with V 3-year-old
daughter wants situation as housekeeper In
city. Box 4664, Call office.
WOMAN wants situation as manager ;of a
. boarriing-house: experienced cook; r country
preferred.. 748 Howard st.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do general
housework and cooking; city or country;
'wages $20. •"; 2 Washington st. ■ •
.YOUNG lady understanding dressmaking de-
sires position with ' a dressmaker. Address
: : 3309. Twenty-first St. : ■ , , .
YOUNG neat Swedish : girl wishes \to do gen-
eral housework; good plain : cook; good refer-
ences; $20. ' 513 McAllister st. ..,;, . ;
YOUNG > German girl wishes a place for gen-
eral ' housework : and cooking. Please call at
444 Third St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing and
.. cleaning. 'Apply, at 1215 A Folsom st. '
POSITION as saleslady; best of .reference •
small salary. ; Box 4661, Call office. :. '. '
COMPETENT ■ woman wants situation -to "■ do
. : plain cooking; ■ city or country.  110 \ Sixth- st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
: in an American family. 1 . Call 546 Valencia st.
NORTH German : girl will do up stairs ' worn
. - and \ sewing; good waitress. 1022 Larkin st. ■ ■
YOUNG ; German girl to ; work ;In bakery or
J light housework. 1329 ■ Florida st; >;,>; ;„ -j :. .
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants a sltua-
■ ■ tlon •in ' an American ■ family; good ; cook < and
laundress: city references; - general N house-
. ' work. ; ; Call , or : address 41 Ford St., ( off ; Noe,
near Eighteenth. ,' v - '.
NEAT willing '■ girl < wishes position -to• do .sec-
'<•'••- ond work or take 1 care of children; willing to
go -tO: country; ; references.'- Call at 1120 A
;. Golden Gate aye. ■•:•:- ■■■■;, /.■: :■•■.-.;■. *\\-.- ■■.} ■■■■■:■. :1 ,
WOMAN : In : great need of work, will do : wash-
ing, house cleaning, plain sewing or any kind
; of work by the day. Apply Sisters of Holy
; Family. "Hayes, near Polk. : ■,
COMPETENT girl >. wishes ' a situation to do
second work | and . wait .on table; best |of j ref-
;'■ erences. Please call ■cr address' 348 Hayes st.
GERMAN ; girl : wants : situation '• at • housework
■■•• ' and ' cooking, i small ' German < family. Apply
68A Convert* St., : bet/ Bth and 9th; off Bryant.
RELIABLE : woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework, : is good cook; city or country.
10 i Stockton * place,-, bet. .-;■ .; Stockton ; : bt. , and
Grant aye.';-..' 1 .--- 1 ;"::''"'-..'.;-;--';^'."'- ■•:":.•". "•" ■■,-.■.'.- .-...■:..■.'■■
GERMAN woman wishes '.work In '; hotel ' ' or
restaurant; chamber work or cooking. 'MRS.
; D., ' 220 ; Montgomery , aye. .•;-■; ].-:. :
COMPETENT American cook and baker, would
v do some fine washing, city or country; ranch
preferred; wages $12 to $15- ' 129 Third. : ; . ; :;
SITUATIONS AY A XTEII- Continued.
GOOD woman wants laundry or housework by
day or week: Is good washer and ironer. Call
or address 4064 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Work by the day or at home, by
experienced dressmaker^ late of Lob Angeles;
references furnished. 517 Castro st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants a position In
a small family to do light housework; would
make herself useful. Box 4690. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, good fitter, would like to go
out by the day; terms $1 50 per day; refer-
ences. Call 505 Jones st.
YOUNG woman with healthy breast milk
wishes an infant to nurse; references. 328
Thirteenth st.
WANTED — Situation as traveling companion
by a capable and pleasing young woman.
Address 533 Thirty-fifth St., Oakland, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation In
city or country: good cook and laundress;
wishes work right away. 737 Howard st., r 14.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harrl-
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WAKTBD-MALB.
BOOKKEEPERS, cashiers, clerks, salesmen,
(all branches and departments) and traveling
men, with investigated records, seeking
situations through our agency. C. R. HAX-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
HOTEL and restaurant help furnished on very
short notice free of charge. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414)4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. X years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 840 Clay St.
GARDENER (German), middle-aged, practical
in all branches, good worker, wants per-
manent situation in private grounds; milk If
required; reference*. Box 4688, Call.
STRONG boy of 21 wishes a position at any
kind of work In city or country; Is ■willing
and steady; handy with tools. Box 446 a. Call.
TOUNG man 19 years of age would like a poel-
tlon; understands running elevator. Call or
address 2436 Post st.
J2O TO any one securing me a permanent posi-
tion In furniture business. Address box 4654,
ENGINE driver and fitter, German, single,
wants situation; good references. Address
M. FRIEDRICH. 142 Eighth st.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
gagements to work by the day or week.
SANTARO, 502 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— By a steady, reliable man. situation
at any kind of employment; wages no object.
Address F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third St.,
room 31, or call between 2 and 5 p. m.
MAN wishes a situation as watchman or tak-
ing care of horseß. Address box 4710, CalL
WANTED— Position by experienced hotel book-
keeper, gentleman; has held positions in lead-
Ing Eastern hotels. Box 4674, Call office.
EXPERT oyster opener wishes position. Ad-
dress 1607 California st.
ENOLISH gardener wishes gardening or me-
chanical work; pumping, steam or gas en-
gines; good references; 3 years In last place.
Box 4669. Call office.
STEADY middle-aged German wants position;
is familiar with horses; good gardener; can
make himself useful at anything; good refer-
ences. Address W., 19 Fourth st.
YOUNG man with more ability than luck de-
sires employment; excellent references. Ad-
dress C. X., branch office Call, 615 Larkln.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
school boy. P. TOM, 521 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
man about place or care for place during
owner's absence. Box 4699. Call office.
GARDENER and coachman wants position;
good horseman; careful driver; understands
pleasure grounds, greenhouses, poultry, gas
engine, milking; good carpenter; city refer-
ences. G. C, box 4689, Call office.
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man
wishes position of any kind; holds license as
mate and pilot on steamer; can run small
steamer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Cali-
fornia aye.
TENOR soloist wishes church position; good
reader; state church and salary. H., box
469". Call office.
YOUNG man desires employment as book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 4695,
Call office.
COACHMAN and general man wants position;
thorough horseman; good driver; understands
gardening, farming and raising of poultry;
single; best references. Box 4696, Call office.
\CTIVE elderly man wants situation of some
kind; is a yood plain cook; city or country.
Box 4632, Call office.
THEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
for the season in a first-class hotel or club;
if not satisfactory will charge nothing as
trial. Address box 4676, Call office.
3OOD watchmaker and jeweler, recently from
France, wishes a situation In a shop or
store. Address E. C, 514 Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place; understands care of horses; good
driver; can milk and do garden work; good
references. Address box 4610, Call office.
JAPANESE, clean faithful boy wants situa-
tion as schoolboy, to wait on table and do
general help in good place. GEO. YAMA,
201 6th St.
IATANKSE couple want situations: man good
cook; wife any kind of work; good refer-
ences. Address J. J., room 45, Park Hotel.
cor. Park st. and Enclnal aye., Alameda.
HELP WAXTGD-FEMALB.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20: ranch cook,
$20; young girls for housework, country
places. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
J SECOND girls, $20 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
32." Sutter pt.
WOMAN with a child as working house-
keeper. $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Auburn, $20, no wash;
housework girls, city and country. $20 an<
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10. to $15. MIS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, no cooking, no washln
; . pa month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter s
-OOK, delicacy store, $20, sleep home; laun
dress, $25; waitress and seamstress, $25. MIS
(.TI.LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT second girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 3T
HOUSEWORK girl. Eureka, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $40. see party here; head
waitress. $25. see party here; waitress, $20;
chambermaid to wait. $15; lunch waitress,
choice place, 50c; 2 restaurant cooks; Danish
hotel cook, country, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN ironer, country steam laundry, $1 60
a day; to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
I<H Geary st.
SWEDISH laundress, wash and Iron plai
work. $25. call early. C. R. HANSEN A CO
AMERICAN houseglrl, $25: girls for Pacl
aye.. $25; Steiner St., $25: Ashbury, $20
Golden Gate aye., $20: Green, $20; Sutter $20
Oakland, $20, see party here, and bth
places, $15 to $2i>; nursegirl. C. R. HANSK
& CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess, German and music $2
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, $35; cook $2
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, no washing $2
German housegirl, $20. MRS. NORTON, 3
Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $25 see lady here, 11 o'clock
nursegirl, $10. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter s
MIDDLE-AGED woman. $10, light work;
young girls to assist, $25; housegirls $25 am
$20, for city and country. Apply MR
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
2 PROTESTANT cooks, $25; cook, German styl
$25: waitress anil seamstress, $25; 3 secon<
girl?. $2<l; 2 nurses, $20; 4 waitresses an
chambermaids. $15. $18 and $20, and a grea
many girls for cooking and housework. J. F
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 German cooks, $25; 2 German se
ond girls. $20; 2 French second girls. $20
American cook, country, $35; 3 French gir
to assist. $15; young French nurseglrl, $1
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
3IRLS of all nationalities to fill various po«
tions. German Employment Office. MRS
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
TO-DAY, nursery governess, French require*
typewriter and office assistant. 313 Bush s
DFFICE manager and cashier; forel"ady, laun
dry, $40: linen-room woman, hotel experience
313 Bush st.
L.ADY of cheerful disposition with good refer-
ences as Invalid's companion. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG girTbetweVrT 14 and 16T^care of chiT
and assist in family of two; wages $5 per
month; sleep at home; Inquire 10:30 to 12. 354
South Park.
GERMAN girl for light housework; sleep at
home. 1301 Market st., formerly 1058, bet.
Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; German family of three. 2197 Devlsa-
dero st., near Clay.
WANTED— A good hand at dressmaking. 1908%
Polk st.
COLORED girl to do light housework ; plain
cooking. 808 California st.
. HELP !;AVAJf TED— Continued.
WANTED— : woman '■>■ between ' 21 and 35 - for
light - housework: good home; fair pay for
right party. Call for one week at 116 Taylor.
OPERATOR on coats and girl to make button-
- holes. ■ 648 ; Commercial st. .' ■' v ■" •
GIRL to assist in general housework; orphan
preferred; wages $15 per month. 410 Third at.
Experienced apprentice girl on coat-
making; .wages. 1668 Tehama St. ■ . .
GIRL for general housework; no washing; $10.
714 O'Farrell st. . - _■: ' .■■-■ ' " _• '. •:.■."■■•;'
GIRL to take care of child; sleep home. Call
after 9 a. m. at 1044 Golden Gate aye. .
GIRL wanted for ' general housework. CM
Baker, st., ; near McAllister.
"WANTED— Respectable girl for light house-
work. 621 Haight st. ,
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and er-
rands; reference. 1603 Devisadero St., nr. Post.
FRENCH nursegirl for baby from 8:30 in th«
morning until 6 at night; references required.
ALMA E. KEITH, 808 Market st. # '■
Immediately, lady canvassers; Al
article. 1220 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS operator on pants. Apply at
. once, room 8, Enquirer bldg., Oakland. .
THOROUGHLY competent girl for general
housework; very small family. Address box
4681, Call office. '
WANTED— corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market st., room X
from 2 to 3 p. m.
PROTESTANT woman for country; 2 In fam-
ily. 303 Castro St., cor. Sixteenth. -
LEARN dressmai-Ing and millinery; positions
1 free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser, also girls to learn.
MME DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton, near
Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience a&4
salary expected. Address W. F., box 06. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
at.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at ones.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
at.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
.NINTH, Branch office of Ti.e Call; aub^
• acriptions and want ads taken. , :
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. Sent to any address in the Unltsa !
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. .-.■■;
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A $15,000,000 CORPORATION,
wants us to secure them 25 more common la-
borers for mines and smelters. $2 b0 day*,
board to cost $15 per month; no experience re-
quired. MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay it.
Leading Employment Agents. . >
A — COOKS 6 waiter* 1 ,
5 dishwashers 3 waiter boys'
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BOILER-MAKER, country $3 20 dart
blacksmith for a ranch 528:
wood-turner, city planing mills. MURRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay St., Leading Employ-
, : ment Agents. ' '
A — LABORERS for mines,
for different places in mines, etc., $2 50, $2 10,
$1 80 and $1 60 day; no experience required*'
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St., Lea*-!
ing Employment Agents.
A— l 2 FARM hands $26 and $20»
3 farm hands '■ ■ $15;
3 vineyard hands -$20;
3 ranch teamsters ; $23;
4 milkers — $30 and $20;
2 butter-makers— $25;
2 stablemen, country : $30 and $20;
30 laborers, city — $1 60 and $1 75 day;
30 woodchoppers— — — — — $1 50 and $1 25 cordj
36 tiemakers ' Be, 9c and 10c each.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St., Lead-;
ing Employment Agents.
A— GRAVEL miners ■
For a great corporation; $2 50 day; excep-
tional good steady Job. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
GERMAN meat cook, hotel, $65; short-order
cook, $35; cook, country restaurant, $40;
butcher who can slaughter and make sausage,
country, $40 and found; bellboy, hotel, $10; ;
coachman, $25; vegetable cook, hotel, $35. C
R. . HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. '
LESLIE TUBBS wanted. C. R. HANSEN St
CO., 104 Geary st. ,
NIGHT CLERK, hotel, $25. a R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
20 WOODCHOPPERS, oak wood, $1 60 a cord;
i 14 woodchoppers for Santa Cruz County, $1 26;
8 more tiemakers, 10c. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. _^^
WANTED— Gardener, private place in city,
reference required, $40 and room; 3 milkers,
$25: man to milk a few cows and make a
little butter, $20; 2 farmers for good job, sea
party ; here, $26 and board; choreman for
ranch, $20; choreman, $15; coachman with
; city references, $25 to $30 and • found ; German
dishwasher, country, $20, fare advanced, and
' others. W. • D. EWER : & CO.; 626 Clay st. p
WANTED— gardener, . $1 a day and .
board; men to clear land and cut wood; laun-
dryman and wife. $60; 2 miners, $2 50 day; 15
laborers for country, $1 75 day; butlers; waiter,
country hotel; cooks and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. . .. " •
WANTED— cook for hotel, 1 $80; second
cook, hotel, $35; vegetable cook, $30; -second
•cook, $7 a week; waiters, country, $20 and
' $2. >: groom and footman, . $30; ehoreboy, $10;
boy for store, $10, ; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st.
GERMAN man, small vineyard, $15. MIS 3
CXJLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and waiter, : $05. MISS
. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .-..-■ . 7
BOOKKEEPERS,' traveling salesmen,- of flea
clerks, timekeepers and drivers find ■ posi-
tions. 313 Bush.
HOTEL clerk, coast experiences; assistant
bookkeeper, city references; grocery clerk, j
313 Bush st. ■- j
THIRD cook, $25, for country hotel. ' HOTEI» !
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. South. 62&,
60 MEN for Alaska, $10 per day; parties going
call for latest map and literature free. J. T»
LEWIS, 42 Montgomery st. : ■ j
— ; - ~ ' ~~"i
MAN to press on coats. 648 Commercial at.
JAPANESE for " general housework. MRS*.
ADAMS. 1434 Harrison st. ■
WANTED— Young German boy in ; grocery. -
store. Box 4657, Call Office.
BOY 15 years of age for law office; must live)
with parents. Address box 4653, Call Office.
WANTED— A i blacksmith who can : do wheel-
wright work. Apply at the » office of th«
BELVEDERE LAND CO.. Belvedere. . i
: . j
WANTED— A" first-class waiter. Manhattan.
■: House, 825 Battery st. ;
SHOEMAKER boy wanted: must know she*]
repairing. Call at 871 Market st. ■'«■■ ■
EXPERIENCED shoemaker on custom work?
hand sewed. 234 Turk st. •• j
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on custom coats;
f steady work. 239 Fifth st. .' ,
$76— For sale, 3 chairs, 15c barber shop at »U
Seventh St., Oakland. ■'■.-..:■• __ j
YOUNG, able-bodied men desiring- to join, j
volunteer cavalry, call on J. L. WALLER. !
83 Grant aye.;; good horsemen preferred; j
! hours. 8 to 9:30 a. m. -' T - v - '!;
IMMEDIATELY an Al lady superintendent
must eventually take entire charge; state
age and business experience. Box 4652. Call.
WANTED- Young man as solicitor for retail
liquor business; steady position for good,
worker. Box 4721, Call office.  .. ...---: -j-j j
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for j
Alaska Puget Sound. .Mexico, etc.: apply j
Mariners' Home. W. ,W. LANE. 504 Davis st. |
RECRUITS wanted : for the United . States '
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied unmarried men, between the ages ofi
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of • tha
United States, -or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
»Deak read and write English, and -be • be- !
tween' 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For '
further information apply at the recruiting
t office 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal. -■ i
SAILORS ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st! I
WANTED— Laborers and : mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still '
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 largo j
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 '; Third .:' St.. '.' near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading room]
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, t
BARBERS'^ Ass' n" Free Employm't Office. S, '{."
FUCHS, , Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— At Montana = House, ,' 764^ Mission: :
men to take •■ rooms; -10c, : - 15c -nd;, 250 per j
: night: 60c, ' 90c : and $1 per , week. • ' ■ ;■;:■_-•;-. ,
ROSEDALE House. 821 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1 '
•night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths. ; : ,
SINGLE rooms. 10c ; and 15c night 75c r and •$1 i
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard at*.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
■ clerks. ~i Knox ■ Collection Agency, 110 ; Sutter. I
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth, i
"for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. -.
600 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes j
;,t half price ; : half-soling, » 35c. - 959 Howard st. \ \
MEN to ' learn > barber trade in eight weeks. : 3. '
rF. Barber College. 138*6 Eighth st. ; ■ -:•' V
527 » MONTGOMERY, ' cor. t Clay— until ' 9:30 "j
:. o'clock; branch office of The Call; - Subscrtp- j
tlons and want ads taken. . '■■■■'". '■-'. '
.FURNITURE WANTED. ; '■
INDIANA Auction Co. '; Removed ' to 19 ! Mont- '
gomery at.; highest prices paid. Tel , >avU 71.AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country In War"; -11 about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; '.v
days' credit; price low; freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps. to pay postage. Edu-
catlonal Union. 824 Dearborn St., Chicago.
WANTED— Bicycle; second hand; state price,
etc. Box 4651. Call. i
LADIES and Rentlemen to solicit for the Co-
operative Sick Aid Society. Apply at room
20, 21 Powell St., bet. 1 and 4 p. m. : .
WANTED— Agent to sell teas and coffees on
commission. "3 Fourth st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED by responsible — Furnished
cottage or flat of 4 or 5 rooms, with yard
preferred; state price, which must reasonable.
Box 4701. Call office. -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— or 3 rooms for mother and son;
corner house and top floor. Box 4677. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. TOLLMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING v -USES FOR SALE.
MONEY~TO~LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On Furniture at 2*>4 per cent
Insurance at Cut Rates
14 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, 0n1y....:... $350
15 rooms. Post st. ; rent $50; fine 850
IS rooms; rent $27; a money maker.... 400
20 rooms; rent $66; Investigate this 600
21 rooms; rent $25; income $100 425
24 rooms; Market st.; brand new 1200
25 rooms; rent $55: part cash 350
41 rooms; rent $140; near Orpheum 2700
44 rooms; rent $100; strictly first class — 1300
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. 22%
Geary st.
255 rooms; clears $400 monthly $5000
105 rooms; elegant: net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best in city 2500
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain, 1550
12 rooms: Powell; elegant 800
6-room flat: Ellis St.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$475— NEW and good $475
$1600— On Market st. ; clears 250
— Only 1600 cash; corner 17 rooms
$20-1 — O'Farrell St.; flat 7 rooms
$1400 Best in the city; fine corner 50 rooms
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— sl2oo: 4S-room house, clearing about $125 per
month, rent low; 2 blocks north of Market
st. WILKE. 783 Market st ; |
GOOD-PA YIXG lodging-house of 14 rooms and
carpenter shop; cheap. Inquire 127 Turk st.
■ -
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office, 630
Market st. - •
r- — r- i
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP- wagons, buggies, wagon?, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS . AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing \
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
Been at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
LIGHT pleasure, buggy, or will exchange for
business buggy. 156 Fifth st.
EI"ECIAL eale of harness and vehicles. . Lie- •
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
- FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
I for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison Bt.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scrlptlons and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE— IO Jersey calves, sired by a grand-
son of Eurotas. G. B. MORSE. Bolinas. Cal.
AN 18-carat gold Howard watch, worth $100, for
$67, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc., second- I
hand; selling at cost. SCS Folsom, nr. Fifth. |
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 5 drawers, all at-
tachment*; nearly new. 1915 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND hose for Irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE,
:i4. 516. 518 Mission St.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
end 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens for sale at
557 Ellis st., formerly of 1945 Eddy st. - -££#•£
FOR Sale — Fine office partitions, store coun- I
ters, glass front wallcases. 8-foot plate glass I
showcases, bookkeepers' desks, chairs, letter
presses and entire store and office equipment.
Call or address 303 Larkln St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and ;
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
|77 50— UPRIGHT piano, good condition. $5
'down, $3 per month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR — Smith Premier typewriter: bargain;
fine condition. X., box 95. Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods: new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
3 R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 737.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOPH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPH' ■- $10; Records. $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. --
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
~ SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ■
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleanp.,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
28 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
Y. McQUEfEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st., tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; relaid at Sc.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth Et,; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
• Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.i cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74. .
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. Eagt 126.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ad» taken.
" EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYKE8 7 Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping-, ■ telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel- J
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular,
ENGINEERING. School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archil. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid , calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672. 855 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the unl-
verflty. law and medical' colleges. Phelan bdg.
- LOST. — —
REWARD for black and tan dog, lost May is
from 1002 Dolores st.
LOST— Between 622 Sutter st. and Newman &
Levinson's, pair gold eyeglasses . and - chain;
euitable reward. 1710V6 Sacramento st. - .
LOST— A brindle greyhound puppy bitch. Re-
turn to J. O'SHEA, 178 Vermont. St., and re-
ceive reward. -■. .-. •-. ".-.". j " .- : .- ■.■- .---■
FOUND.
FOUND— A pair of eyeglasses. Inquire at 814
Battery it. . ' . ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
- CIGAR store on Market st., In the heart
of city. M. LESS. 765 Market st. ., ' ■: ; -.
1 $300 -CORNER saloon, on Montgomery st.;
billiard table included: living rooms: Belling
on account of death In family. M. LESS, 765
Market. . . ■
i $400— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket si.: old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. • LESS, 765
.Market st. '. ■ ." '- -
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar, ' 4 • rooms and
bath in Western Addition; established^ 20
years; big bar trade; well worth «2d00; selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO.. 765
Market st. ■ ' '
JlOOO-CORNER grocery and bar In the Mission;
* 6 living rooms; proprietor owns ._ building:
cheap rent: long lease. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st. , ■
$150: CIGAR store, few doors off Market;
splendid location; must sell. M. LESb, lea
.Market ft. — •
A-$1750; BEST-PAYING restaurant In city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last _ 5
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average dally receipts above $40. In-
quire WILKE. 783 Market st. '
I 'iKOO-OLD-ESTA I'.LISHED saloon In choicest
down-town 1-K-ation. with building, long
lease; doing a flrst-class paying business,
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE, 7*3 Market st. -
A-$3OO- saloon. 2 doors from Montgomery St.,
average daily receipts |tt; rent $23. Inquire
WILKE. 783 Market st. ■'
$850-SALOON- and lunch house; < close to and
catronlzed by the largest brewery of this
hi' dofng bS S rushing businesi.; good stock
and rare business opening. V*ILKE, 783
Market st. '
! $400-SALOON: first-class business; close
Phelan building; a bargain, See WILKE,
I 783 Market st. ■
' A— s3so- RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
I transfer corner: good business; cheap rent.
WILKE. 753 Market st. _ - \
1 A-M5O; BATH house, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
; A i.ished rooms; rent' *42; close to Kearny st;
kept by owner tor years; a flrst-class ;- busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE.
753 Market St. '
$200— RESTAURANT: receipts $30 daily; must
bTeold... Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.-
S3so— SALOON and lunch house; going to Alas-
ka. Mclaughlin & co., __ Kearny st.
$4500— GOOD-PA VINO business, clearing from
$250 to $300 per month; fullest Investigation
invited; owner leaving city cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny Bt.
$400— PHOTOG APHIC business in prosperous
country tow bargain: on account of sick-
ness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000:
no opposition: satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
- 2 cottage?, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22&
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances. - .
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry office.
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast. .
$SOO— Delicacy; fine corner, with living rooms.
?4no— Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
BEST shooting gallery: cigar stand pays
rent; clears, slso. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
A— sl2s; BRANCH bakery, butter, eggs: fine liv-
ing rooms; dally receipts $10. KREDO & CO.,
221_ Geary st.
WANTED; a steady man as partner in a
flrst-class liquor store, doing a large trade;
stock will invoice $900; object In getting part-
ner is to do a jobbing business; you are sure
in this case to be connected with a reliable
business man. HEALY, 917 Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
NO. I bargain; owner must attend other In-
terests; 82 rooms; rent low; clearing $125
month; part cash. Address M., box 4652, Call.
BARBER shop, first class, for sale for half
its value on account of sickness in family.
Call or address J. KIEFER. Salinas, Cal. ■
WANTED— store with rooms; good loca-
tion for branch bakery. Address F., 163
Seventh St., Oakland, Cal. ■
FOR sale— old-established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and . $1250. Apply Call office.
PARTNER for wine and liquor business; small
capita.l. Call at 820 Valencia st. "
$350— SALOON; good place. Apply In liquor
store, 702 Howard st., downstairs.
FOR sale or to rent— Photograph gallery. In-
quire at 18 Third st.
A RARE chance for Investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing ■ $250
per month; same owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on Junction
of best two streets; cheap rent: reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland. «
— GROCERY, bar, stationery, notions; 4
rooms; rent $15: fully $COO worth In sight;
owner there 6 years; must be sold at once;
no agents: save commission. Address box
4663, Call office. .
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price asked Is all in stock; good rea-
son for selling. Box 1712, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon;
bargain. Call for particulars between 2 and 4
p. m., room 596 Emporium building.
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market st.,
sold cheap If taken this week. E. & J. GETZ,
107 Sixth St. , .
FUR SALE— Saloon, 211 J_e*my; fitted up h-st-
class and doing a good paying business. Call
_£__ see it.
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of
other business; at a lew price. Albany Brew-
ery.
PARTNER wanted to buy half inter In best
located restaurant. 235 O'Farrell.
SALOON, ."25U, Sansome St., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
NICE corner saloon at a bargain; must sell
this week. 400 McAllister st.
FOR — Bakery and notion store cheap.
A. (>.. box 12, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale cheap; free
from all debt; good prices; central location.
For particulars Inquire 518 Kearny st.
$135— A SNAP; fine cigar store for sale; good
location: fine stock; low rent: free light.
53 McAllister St.. near City Hall. ■-. ..
RESTAURANT for sale; best location In Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D., box 4,
Call, Oakland.
THE best paying cigar and fruit stand in the
city for sale cheap. Apply at Call office.
FOR sale— A good oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue. ' -
-BARBER shop for sale; paying. Inquire at
103 Eddy st. .. ■ ' \ . .
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find It to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Klrkwood, Cal.
FOR sale — A well-established corner saloon;
well stocked; on principal street south of
Market; prlco $1100; Investigate; no -agents;
_____>_■_ In same place. H. M.. box 818, Call.
GOOD paying business for sale; center of city;
price $3000, or will exchange for a farm. Box
001, Call office.
SACRIFICE— corner saloon; 4 nice living
rooms; rent $20. 331 Sixth st. - ■
SALOON and lunch place wants" partner; Ital-
ian preferred; $200 cash required: no agents.
Call at.32i?3 Mission st. -
FOR sale— Call route at Santa Cruz. Apply at
Call business office or to J. H. MOON Santa
Cruz. - -. . ; .
FOR SALE— Good newspaper route In this
city. Apply at this office. . ■
SALOON for Bale cheap. Apply at 236 Third
street. : . . '-:.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
tlculars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
PARTNER, wanted, lady or gentleman, 'as
cashier; -■ good-paying restaurant on Mont-
gomery st. Box 2186, Cull.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; .Investigate. 117 Flllmore st. • *
SUMMER resort and brer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO
,W. CASWELL & CO. 'S. 41 Sacramento st. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Cheap; office fixtures, counters
desks, glass partitions, safe, etc., at 138
Montgomery st. .
FURNITURE of 5 rooms for sale; all hard
wood; no agents. " 160 Seventh st. - -
"ATTORNEYS AT L^W.
ADVICE free: no charge" unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 027 Market at.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
: - TYPE WR ITERS.'
ALL typewriters sold and . rented; few I partly
used • for sale t cheap; ' send ,- for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO., • 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery Bt. ; j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN -— _"
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. : prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
HOUSE of~6 rooms, yard; rent $14. 13 Valpa-
raiso st., off Mason.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— House, 9 rooms, bath.
Inquire- of EASTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell st.
$25—507 JONES St., house, 8 rooms, basement
and large yard. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, S62BA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
MODERN cottage: 401 Laurel St., corner Sacra-
mento; Presidio Heights; sun all day. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest ln city; new;
2t'«3 Twenty-first et. ; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COMFORTABLY furnished house to rent ln
Mission to good parties; terms reasonable.
Box 4679, Call office.
FOR SALE— Five furnished rooms. 283 Jes-
sie, corner or' Fourth.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely fuml-hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
UPPER furnished flat. 3107 Washington St.,
will be rented for !oM months from June 1,
very cheap; can be seer, from 11 to 3.
FLATS TO LET.
CALIFORNIA, 2510—2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; $17 50 and $16; basement flat, $9.
ELWOOD, 11— Flat, four sunny rooms. Off
O'Farrell, near Mason.
FI'LTON, 144— Fine middle flat; 6 rooms; bath;
modern; $30; near City Hall.
GROVE, 145, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
5 rooms; bath.
HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderlck— Sunny 6-room
flat: best block on Halght; good view.
HAVES, 547— Modern built upper flat, bay-
window: 7 rooms and bath; key middle floor.
JACKSON. 3Bol— Corner: lower flat; new; sep-
arate entrance; 5 handsome sunny rooms;
kitchen and bath; fireplaces, presses, yard,
etc.; unobstructed view of the bay; adults
preferred; $20 a month.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
MCALLISTER. 204S— Sunny bay window flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent $15.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty St.
PAGE, 1614— r.-room upper flat; park; nice
order; very sunny; $18 50.
SANCHEZ and Twenty-third— Modern upper
flat of 4 rooms.
SEE those beautiful flats ln warm belt of Mis-
sion: rewly tinted and painted throughout; 6
roam?, bath and latest Improvements; floors
deadened. 1001 and 1004 Dolores St., corner
Twenty-third; rent cheapest ln city; upper
reduced from $25 to $20 and lower reduced
froni $iV ci to SIS; now open for Inspection.
Apply MADISON &. BURKE.
TWENTY -NINTH. 442. near Noe— Flat; X>
rooms and bath; $12^
4 NICE sunny rooms to let; rent $10. 2041 Har-
rison St., opposite Eighteenth^
5 NEW choice sunny rooms: all modern im-
provements; rent $IS. 1706 Hyde st.
$12, $14—5 OR 6 rooms; also cottage, 4 sunny
rooms, $10. 623 Second St., near Townsend.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath. Call,
after 6 p. m., 400 Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth;
rent $25.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
BRANNAN. 1079, near Tenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. I»«— Pleasant rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping: private family.
FIFTH, 314— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; bath; closet; sink; running water;
private; $11.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping, rent cheap.
FIFTH, ''■'■''•■ formerly Furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors; kitchen; bath; $22; also 1, $7.
FIFTH. 42S>4 — Front room and kitchen, newly
furnished for -oqatiteepl^g; also Othejrs.
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; cheap; without children.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen; also housekeeping; $1 a week up.
FI'LTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 556 — Formerly 61&; elegant sunny
suites for light housekeeping; double and
single rooms.
GEARY, 1812V4— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $15.
GEARY, 1919— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; f2O.
GENTLEMAN having nice furniture for 5
rooms and cooking utensils, will give the use
of same for a room. "Furniture," box 4673,
Cuil office.
OROVB, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Unfur-
nished sunny 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD, 967 A —Newly furnished large sunny
front room in private family.
HOWARD, 1606, cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny front
rooms, $8.
HYDE, 1412— Two, three or four rooms newly
furnished for housekeeping; single ruoms
reasonable; references.
LARGE sunny suite, complete for housekeep-
ing, $10; light housekeeping rooms, $1 50. 833
Mission st.
MISSION. 925 Vz— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 1217— Front sunny alcove suite com-
1.1-I- for housekeeping; :i!so single rOOBM,
MISSION, 1415 — Unfurnished room for house-
keaplng; large and sunny.
.vi.-simv, ir.24— Two bright sunny parlors for
housekeeping in quiyt family; rent reason-
able; also single rooms.
NINTH, 123— Nicely furnished suite of rooms
for housekeeping; bath; sunny yard.
OCTAVIA. 1403— Cor. Geary: 3 sunny rooms,
single or en suite; one bay window.
SHOT WELL, 932—8 tunny rooms: bath; wash
trayr; side entrance; rent $9; ke" upstairs.
SIXTH, 429— Nice large sunny front room for
light housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH, 183— Near Market: nice large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 136 — Cor. Minna; furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, stove, running water; also single
room.
TENTH, 149—3 large sunny unfurnished roovns,
with yard. $15; bath.
THIRD. 309— Furnished room complete for
housekeeping $5 to $7 a month; rare.
TURK, 405 — Bunny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete ncusekpg; range; bath; running water.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath: complete for house-
keeping; no children; ull front rooms.
WASHINGTON, MOT— Upper floor of three large
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath: rent $lfi.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EIGHTH. .418, near Broadway station— 2 sunny
front ruoms. complete for housekeeping.
"rooms to let.
ANTONIO, 16, off Jones, bet. Ellis and
O'Fnrrell— 4 unfurnished rooms.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Tmfsfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 86c j phone Main 43.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-clasa
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nlshed rooms by day, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
ijulet house; bnths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA 2-ir- Post Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; gas; elevator; very central.
CENTRAL aye., 416, near Park— For gentle,
man; large sunny room, newly furnish. •■!.
CITY HALL place, 1. off McAllister, near Lar-
lsi n _K urri i B hed or unfurnished room to let.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
j; ! it. v , 807-- Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
EDDY, 212 (The 1.-xinxton)— Rooms, per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY 473 (427)— Neat sunny room; rent $3
month. .
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and (v.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ;
GOLDEN GATE aye., 503— Two sunny fur-
nished rooms; single or together; gas; bath;
reasonable. - - : ~; V- v-.; ■:. .'.;■'■•■•.'.:.•-
GLOBE Housft, • 821 Howard— Per night, 250 . to
- $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
-i rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . :- j
JESSIE, s 164, near Palace ■ Hotel— Nice sunny
front rooms; other rooms, ; $1 week up.
MASON, IS (Sliver State)— Elegantly I furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites.
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MINNA, 667,. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
■ running. water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
NATOMA,; 60S, off Sixth— Sunny bay-window,
front room, cheap. '; -
O'FARRELL, 210 A— Sunny ■ bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms,. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
' single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.-
O'FARRELL,' 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; eunny single room, $7. : - ;-■
O'FARRELL, 274 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms to, let; permanent or transient. 
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
> week and upwards. 421 Bush at. ; , ; j
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first- !
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 612— Private family has a front room
to let; newly furnished; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny . double room with sep-
arate beds, $10: sunny. single room, $1 50.
TAYLOR 407— nicely furnished sunny
rooms for rent. . >
TWELFTH 12— Three unfurnished rooms to
let, rent $7. __^ - :
ROOMS Ai^D BOARD.
ELEGANT Bunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Elrius. 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS. Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per month. '
FOLSOM, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $20 a month .up. ,■, ■
HYDE. 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds: select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK. Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
VAN NESS aye., 803— Elegant furnished sunny
front rooms, bath; very best board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to boardTTerms
reasonable; near school. • 51 Clara st. . :
ELDERLY- lady wishes 1 or 2 children to
board, attention and best of care; terms easy, i
Address 437 Sixth St., upper flat. !
AN elderly lady -will take Infants to board; a :
mother's care: references. 234% Sixth St.
STORES TO LET.
H7vvV : A~RDrTBO2, corT*Fourteenth— s7oTe~and~2
living rooms suitable for barber shop.
NORTHEAST cor. Sansome and Pacific sts. ;
large corner store with basement; reduced
to $30 per month.
TO RENT; furniture for sale (bargain): small
store: 3 large rooms In rear: good location;
suitable for any small business; rent cheap;
call Monday. 804 Larkln st. ■ ■■■
— — — —^ — — — —
OFFICES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished ' offices. 901 Sutter st.,
corner Leaven worth.
MEDICAL. j-.'
ALT, Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- |
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace :
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, j
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home, ,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, C 9 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2: cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed i
absolute cure for all female disease*; ■ posi-
: tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- i
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre- ;
g ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
■"mall on. receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 83
Grant a ye. , 8. F. A Caution— Before pur-»
chasing- elsewhere write us. ■'"*-" -.- ■ ..
NEW process; a great progress in medical \
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used: restores in one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; every case guar- :
anteed; consultation free: can be sent and •
used at home; by the well known DR. POP- ,
•PER, 318 Kearny st. ; pills and capsules. $1.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a kpeelalty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores :
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma- ;
ternity home; best medical attendance; low |
fees; cure, $5; pills, $1: when others fail, ;
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. ■ ' ' -"- -
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause) J
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times |
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules. $1:
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st.; near Jones.
LADIES, Chlchester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take !
no oth"er; send 4c stamps for particulars, '
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at j
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
A- SURE," safe and speedy cure f ot- all female :
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con- :
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour- i
aged call on the doctor and state their case; j
they "Mil find In her a true friend. MRS-
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St. ■-- ■
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases i of monthly irregularities, from . what-
ever cause; ■ no Instruments used; guaranteed i
, cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; '
I home in confinement; consult free; hours lOto i
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS.* WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
' comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes..
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st.,
formerly of • 800 ■ Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V.; diseases of . women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant. .. .zL. : I
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c ' stamp ; for " particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 581 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
• femaie troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay. until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland,'. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. : pri-
v ate home •In ; confinement; competent physi-
• clans and nurses: trma. reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
■ Irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4. 7-8. 220SVi Mission st.
DBS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. '■ HALL. 9~ McAllister st. : diseases of
women ; and children. . ,
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 yenrn' experience. 2 .-,414 Fourth St.
- DENTISTS.
A FULlTset of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without ; plates, crown and bridge work !
our specialty: fillings, 60c: crowr.s, $3 60: all
work painless and •warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth at.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW '■ YORK dentists; , ; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, ,75c up; sil-
ver. 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up: all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
■ 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge - for , extracting when plates ■ are
' made; ■ old plates 1 > ade over : liko ' new; teeth
' from $8 per set: . extracting 50o; gas given. ,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine . Leek dent-
- ist, ' discoverer of painless extraction and
'•' patentee of improved ' bridge . work -or " teeth i
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAl' VROOM Electro Dental Tarlors; fullieet
of teeth. : $5 .; up; fillings. 260 up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 897 Market at., corner. Sixth..
DR. ' LUELLA COOL, '. 651 . Sutter; crowns. $5;
-i aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TKAGUE. -A. CANE and F. ;TEAGUE.
i removed to Call ' bldg., , 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and > warranted. ■ DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. ........ ....
BET of teeth without Ta " . plate. : DR. H. .C.
-- YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.' ->""••- ---■--•''- ,:
' ~~~ ~TO LEASE. ./;,
TO LEASE— The 'i desirable r premises now ; oc-
cupied by the Irving i Institute; suitable for
a . family k hotel ■,-■ or » public ? institution. The 1
' .building ho* 140. or more . rooms, and lis i situ-
ated in ' the- Mission warm belt, being 1036
Valencia 8t., " corner Hill ; a bright sunny lo- j
cation with large grounds. Apply to BOVEE,
TOY & SONNTAO. 624 Market eL ; - [
. PERSONALS. y
MRsTpRATT— Call or to 921 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ .. L. C. BELL.
MATRIMONY. _
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell, 3 18 pgs. ; 676 gents: 423 ladles: no $5
fee. EDITOR. 11l Ellis at.. San Francisco, Cal:
BUSINESS IERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes— Clothes made to order;
; clothes that "- fit; clothes , that Jar the • high
priced tailors in quality, of goods and mini- :
• mum of price; , for Instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
REMEMBER, I have but- one price to every-
body," 25c. Hair dressed la mode for 25c only;
good switches $1; best, finest quality, $3-50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from • to
12. G. LEDERER.. 111 Stockton st. . ■ •
RAG carpets wove to order and for. sale; also
: chenille- rugs. silk portieres; dealer in
: carpet twine. in . hank or ' chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every' room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per. night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
' . free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye., , nr. Bush st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic will positively cure
dandruff. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton St. .:
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 679 Geary st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. .
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS. '
MME, GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses mad* over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal -every hidden mystery ■in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
. remove family troubles, . restore • lost : affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burie property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life. rast. present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. r>end stamp for circular with
special terms. MRd. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON- pt:mist; card-reader- nast.
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth at., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, ' card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2.
GYPSY life * ader gives correct answers to all
questions; L.. 2rc; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 OFarrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. L. JAMES, the well-known trance me-
dium, late of Kansas City, will for a short
time remain in this city. She may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life; locates minerals
and diagnoses diseases. This medium is too
well known to place on paper her wonderful
powers, but If you are sick or in trouble and
feel Impressed to call on her do so, and you
. will go away satisfied and happy. Mrs.
James is not a made medium, but was born
such. She has been before the public since
'61. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Parlors 68 and 69, 1206 Market st. ; take ele-
vator.
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night at 8;
hall 111 Larkln st. admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 619 McAllister st.; fine music.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing Thursday
evening. 322 O'Farrell St.: 50c. .
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessie.9sB.
TEST circle to-night at Mrs. Eberhardt's, 937
Guerrero Bt. ; 10c; sittings 50c.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
GO to MRS. MICHAEL for the best card read-
er; ladles only. 53 Albion aye. -
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
i ings $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,. test and busi-
ness medium. .232 Stockton st. -
ASTROLOGY— fortune by your name; oc-
cult - science. 911% Mission st. . ■ _
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
Blttlngs daily. 123 M: Sixth St.. room 8. _ ■ ■ , 
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dluni. 118 Halght st. .-..-- . ;'
. . : PALMISTRY. , • ' '
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tues., Thurß.,
Sat. at hall. 305 Lark! n St.; Mon., Wed., Fri.
residence. 353 Geary st. »
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS "•<« are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
game as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway," Oak' and. . - ■ • .
ABSOLUTELY the' oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CEASE'S.
26 28 and TO O'Farrell st. . Pianos, organs
and -" other musical instruments of all
grades and prlr-<~ Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ---••■---.-
CLARK, WISE & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary at., agents Conover. Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited.
"CROWN" piano Is the greatest yet made;
free concerts this week at Fresno, Vallejo,
Napa. 1108 and 1223, - Oakland, and at HOCK-
. ETT BROS. & Co S. 230 Post st.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices: terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents 'for the
Chickering and other pianos., _^
WE have a fine ' Baby Grand at a bargain;
new pianos are offered at lower prices, than
ever. MAUVAIS. 7£& Market Bt. , - ; •
A STEIN WAY piano for $100; a Chlckerlng for
$90- examine list of bargains thin week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market Bt.
SOHMER & CO., Byron ICatuy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggß and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
A FINE Emerson, $60; Steinway, $150. Room
12 Flood bid.. THE J. DEWING CO. '
A. MAGNIFICENT $300 upright will be sold
for $160, Apply 833 Castro st.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert. Steinway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rc^nts $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. -
NEW nlanoß rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURT"AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st. . .
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 120 ■ McAllister
at., flat No. 1. .•■■•- . '■
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
at,, next Hlber la Bank. SCHMITZ. "
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pla!ncB, $75 up.; W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 10 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, -cithers, old and new. H.
■ MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BRANCH office of The Call. .106 Eleventh st-
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
___— STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture. . • carpets, pianos,,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to ■ 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances ■ made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint . 1821. ;
FOR ■ lowest rates go to LOUIS J. - NEUMAN,
121 Sixth ft., open evenings. ; ■ •
TRUNKS 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
, Signal Transfer Co.. 630 Jones; tel Sutter 441
. ;;:; , ■ ; ' : : LEGAL .-. NOTICES. • '; , .■' . '.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and "provided, no-
tice •lo hereby given that - the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-"
way Company, the Northern . California Rail-
way. Company and the > California Paclflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
• corpora ted ■ and • existing - under the laws ,of
the State of California,. upon the written con-
sent of the . stockholders holding more -than
three-fourths in value of all the stock of each
of said corporation!-, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
- ea'.d corporations,-. made and entered Into -In
accordance with I such consent. t and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided ' did. , on * the = 14th day » of April, -A. ■. D.
189S amalgamate and consolidate their capital
' stock, debts, property, ; assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
-; i Southern Pacific Railroad £ 0 . L CTJTT *' •"• '
' Secretary iof - th» - Southern . Pacific Railroad
:' Company, -. .
f Ban Francisco. Cal.. May «. 1898.
CITY REAL. ESTATE. ?
i SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, -
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME. >
Positively Beet Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Misslon-st. electric cars; only $3 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly. "■-■ •.-,-••<
\ SOL GETZ& BROTHER.
• ■-: :: RICHMOND LOTS! -^,-i,
$400, $450 to $800; choicest building; lots:
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $1(1
monthly.- SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1850 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams. .-.
« SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
I > Room A. ; Crocker building.
DIAMOND St., 229. near 20th; cottage 4
rooms; lot 27:5x100.
Offer Chapultepeo St., W. Bide, 7;
S of Enmeralda: 50x70: Gift Map 3.
$450— 23 d st., N. side. WE of Rhode Island;
25x100. CHARLES C FISHER, 624 Market St.
FOR 8 days only— l will sell an 8-room house
with high basement; fine location of the Mis-
sion for $2500, worth $4000. Address room 2,
1031 Market at.,-- . ; ■"•"' ■■■■'
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. . Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. ■ . •
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
PAS^T^RE^TO^RENTrT
10.000 acres near Stockton.
2,500 acres near Rio Vista."
900 acres near Niles.
FOR SALE.
Irrigated ' irrigated lands; also ' . re-
claimed and unreclaimed lands. • . '• - ' ; - -'
McAFEE BROTHERS.
A.— ln mining district near Gass Valley, •■ an
' Improved fruit and stock ranch; 220 acres;
only $5000. McAFEE BROTHERS. :
180 ACRES near Cottonwood, Tehama County:
18 acres In vineyard; 8 acres in orchard; bal-
ance in hay and pasture land; house, barn
and outbuildings; price $6500. -
McAFEE BROTHERS.
A FINELY Improved ranch; 600 acres, near
Concord; 25 acres bearing orchard, 10 acres
vines. 200 acres grain; only $16,000;' will ex-
change for one-half value; city property.
■ ■..-. . McAFEE BROTHERS.
A.— PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR.
A / splendid investment; finely improved
ranch property in 'Alameda County; price
$150,000; would consider exchange for city
business property. McAFEE BROTHERS.
SMALL well Improved ranch near to town; ■
bargain for cash; must sell. Box 4650. Call.
$1800— RANCH, 160 acres, 15 miles west of
Ukiah; house and barn; orchard and vine-
yard; exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property. Address R., box 114, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co., Cal.
A WEEK'S news for . 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing. .
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE. .
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
| Villa lots and Acreage; easy terms; 43 minute*
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 131 Market at.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH— A lovely home; '2-story new mod-
"• crn house of 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland, on Peralta avenue, 1 block
east from Fruitvale aye. ; Peralta aye. has
city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price $lS00; monthly payments as
rent. 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, . Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galindo Tract. .. H. Z.
JONES, , Owner.  .'•"-.
FOR SALE— In Oakland, , Just completed, mod-
- crn in design and arrangement, 2-story, 7-
room house; 3 minutes from local station; lot
■ 40x125:, surroundings the best; a '-.bargain;
terms to suit purchaser. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news' for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. :In wrapper, for mailing. ■ '-. ■: . . .-
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. .
HIDUSEV^T^T^TnSToAKLANEC
Corner cottage. 5 rooms .......$ll
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms... 13
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms.. 141
2-story neat 6-room house .18
Choice sunny 8-room house ..:.. 33
10-room residence, fine.... : , 60
These, and many more, both larger and
smaller. TO. M.DEWOLF. 105S Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
MODERN cottage; 5 rooms; neatly furnished;
near cars; $18. Apply 32 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. •
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT i sunny suite; hot and-»cold ' water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 662 Eighth Bt.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household Rood* this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which . have
been thrown on . the market . for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are 'finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. . . ,-> i
We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-fit, station. Alameda, and 623 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays, ■
MUST be Bold; owner absent; no reasonable
otter refused; a 2-flat handsome building;
sunny . corner; Alameda; splendid artesian
water. Apply to MBS. NASH, 2033 Eagle aye.,
Alameda, between Willow and Chestnut sta.
GIVEN away— s3ooo; lot 58x104; cottage i rooms,
bath:-SW. cor. Park st. and Blandlng aye.;
property on easy Installments in all ports of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER. Real Estate
Agent, Notary Public, 1340 Park St., .'.lameda.
SNAP— New house and bath ; lot 50x130; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. ISI2 Chopin st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
EAST Berkeley — sunny corner; street .work
done: .best street near station; electric cars;
lees $20 foot. ?. P. STRONG, 460 Ninth at..
Oakland. . ■■ , . . . •
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley: cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom. '.
A • WEEK'S news for 5 . — Th» Weekly
• Call. In wrapper, for mailing. . -"
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
,land . or Alameda, at . lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 102S Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South. 14. - ■■•.'■■■ ' ■< '■*"- - '■• "■'■ ■■-. - ;
$3 •■ UP to Rny amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture: or Jewelry; < all business
strictly confidential ; private offices. , M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate,- furniture without, removal. R. Mc-
• COLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room S. •.-■;;;
HIGHLY/ respectable ana private place to ob-
, tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
• elry •at the lowest rates. v Baldwin ' Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. 1 Green 204. ...
ON ' furniture, pianos, city or Oakland ; no ' re-
moval" low rates:- no -commission: : $25 up;
private party. * BONNELLI. . 130 Powell at. <■
$100,000 TO loan; on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1403 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
- lowest 'rates. 'Becker & Co., 828 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d • mortgages, , estates in pro-
bate, etc.' : Room 7. 508 California st. . .,.: ■:;.-,.'.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mnrtg. ;
; any proposition.' -■ Dryden, 413 . Montgomery i St.
CITY and : country ; any sum: ' tut and 2d '; mort-
gages', estates, etc. ; MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, , furniture; ■;> no removal: " lowest
rates; no com. y private. 118 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of . The Call.
Snhscriptionn ■ and want • ads taken." . ; - ■■•
' ■ financial. ;.; '_; ~
LOANS en ..•: rear estate, bonds, > eta.: -lowest
rates. -McAFKE BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
iv 1 ; PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and. borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
■■ ■ Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy. >
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples have been (ranted
marriage licenses: -•'■ ;
William J. Meany and Annie Farrell. 24—18.
Charles Carson and Cora M.Horton. 24—23.
George Manning and Annie Buckley, 25—18.
■ William Walcott and Magna Winsum.Ss— 2B.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b«
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have -he same published.
BORN.
PAULL— In Alameda, to the wife of G*org«
H. Paull, a son.
REISCH— In this city. May 14, 1898, to the wife
of Joseph Relsch, a son. * J
MARRIED.
BARTLETT— In this city. May
16, 1898, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, Albert E.
Bartlett and * Josephine E. Ferguson, both of
' San Franclcco. - '
DIED.
Anderson, Mary - Guttman. Samuel
Albers, T. A. Haggett, Rosella
Benson, Mary L. Lambert, Nora
. Barton. William W. Moffltt. Sarah •B. '
Brown, Capt. J. H. ' Martin Ella :
Campbell, Judge J. Martin, Mathew
Cliggett. Ellen Marshall. Mrs. B.
Carson, Frances Marshall, Jessie
Deßosa, Mary A. . Moore, Phoebe A. .
Downing, Mary Sullivan, Ellen
Dailey, William C. Sincere, Carol
Erowiiz, Annie Tlerney, Patrick
Griffiths, Thomas Weber, Fritz
ANDERSON— In this iA:y, May 15, 1898, Mary
Anderson, a native of California, aged 83
years. ■ s .
(ETThe funeral will ' take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 ■ o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
ALBERS— In Alameda, May 17, 1898, T. A., be-
loved husband of Rose Albers, son of J. H.
A. arid Delia Albers, and brother of George
and William Albers, a native of San Fran-
cisco, : aged 28 years 5 months and 11 days.
C^Friends and p.cquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 ■ o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1855 Mlnturne street, near Grand,
thence to St. 'Joseph's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
BENSON— Mrs. Mary Louise Benson, beloved
Bister of Mrs. Eliza J. Dickson. and aunt of
Mrs. M. L. Rice, Mrs. J. Welch, Jennie, Car-
rie L., Walter, Willie and Lorraine Dlck-
son and Raymond Hall, a native of Pitts-
burg, Pa., aged &5 years 1 month and 14
days. . ' . ,- .
BARTON— In this city. May 18. 1898, William
W., beloved husband of the 'late Lucie Bar-
ton, and grandfather of Edith and Everett .
Allen, a native of England, aged 70 years. \
BROWN— In this city, May 17, 1898, Captain
- Julian H. Brown, a native of. Lenox, Mass.,
aged 4S years. - ,
■ E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 9158 Oak street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. -May 18, 1898, Judge-
James A., beloved husband of Eugenia F.
Campbell, and devoted father of Aleta
Campbell, a native of Washington County,
Pa., aged 48 yearn.- ; ... - . . ■.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the King Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets. Funeral under the auspices
of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212, ■F.
and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
CLIGGET— In this city. May 18, 1898. Ellen
Cliggett, a native of Paris, France, aged 23
years. • ; -
CARSON— In this city. May 18, 1888. Frances,
beloved wife of John Carson, a native of
Rochester, N. V., aged 50 years 9 months
and 16 days. (Rochester, N. V. , papers
please copy).
DE ROSA— In this city, May 17. 1898, Mary
Ann de Rosa, beloved mother of Stephen,
Ronald and Lawrence de Rosa, and sister
of , Stephen, Aleck. Ronald and John O' Han-
ley, a native of Canada, aged 34 years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 16 Dale place, off Golden Gate
avenue, between v Loavenworth - and \ Hyde
»tre«t6, thence to . St. Mary's Cathedral for
services. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
DOWNING— South San Francisco. May 17,
1898, , Mary, beloved wife of the late John
Downing, and sister of Mrs. Richard Burns
and Thomas O'Brien, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years. -
(C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 20-14 Seventeenth avenue, between
. Q and R streets south, thence to All ■ Hal-
lows Church, N street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth avenues south, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
" Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DAILEY— In this city, May 18, 1898. William
C. Dailey, only son of Emma G. Jamison,
. and brother of Alice M. Dailey, a native of
Los Angeles,* Cal., aged 21 years 4 months
and 2," day*. „
EROWITZ— In this city, May 18. 1898, Annie,
.beloved wife of Martin Erowitz, a native of
. Saxony, Germany, aged 34 years.
GRIFFITHS— In this . city. May 16, 1898.
. Thomas, beloved husband of Euphemia Grif-
fiths, a native of Herefordshire, England,
aged 52 years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' "Thursday); at 1:30 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of Court Occidental No. 6676. A. O. F.,
from- the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GUTTMAN*— May 16, IS9B, Samuel Guttman.
beloved father of Miss Fannie Guttman, aged
80 years. >■
HAGGETT— this city. May 18, 1898. Rosella.
dearly: beloved mother of George W. Hag-
' gett, and grandmother of Pansy, George. Jr.
and the late Bertrand Haggett, a native of
Ireland, aged S2 years.
LAMBERT— In this city, May 16. 1898, Nora,
beloved wife of Pierre Lambert.- a native of
Waterford. Ireland, aged 46 years.
(t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the . parlors
of J. 8, Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Vlctoires, Bush street,* where a high re-
. quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose-
of her sou], commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOFFITT— In this city. May 17. IS9B, Sarah
8.. beloved wife of the late John Moffltt,
"mother Of Willie Moffltt, and sister of
Thomas Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years. . ■ ■ .
[TTTho funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:8" o'clock, -from her late
residence. 264 Clementina street, thence ■to
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, where.. a
• requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poae . of her soul, commencing at 9- o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, ■
MARTIN— In this city. May 17, 1898.' Ella Mar-
tin, beloved daughter of . Matilda " Harris.
mother of Christina Keeling, .. and sister of
Benjamin H.. Walter and Charles Harris, a
native of Richmond, Va.. aged "> years.
• (Richmond. Va.. papers plea.<<* copy).
(T^Friends and | acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the i funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Matilda Harris, corner of Pacific
and Hyde streets. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ...' . .
MARTIN— the City and County Hospital.
May 18. 1898, Mathew Martin, a native of
England, aged ,65 years. . ' \
MARSHALL— In this city, May 17. IS9S, Mrs.
Emallne Jessie Marshall, beloved wife of J.
H. Marshall, a native of England, - aged '36
years. .. '. . P*j|a£i£jHM£
MARSHALL — Templar Rebokah -Lodge No.
19: Officer* and members will meet In
Memorial Hall. I. O. O. F. building, this
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, , to attend the.
funeral of our late sinter. Jessie Marshall.
TILLIE M. WINTERSTEIN. N. G.
MOORE— Oakland. May 15. 1898, Phoebe A.
Moore, grandmother of Mrs. Fanny ,P. Gon-
zales Lizzie, and Eddie W. Jackson and
James A. Currnn, a native of New . York,
aged dS years. . ' <w9BtP4MIHKHkIMBHtSRPI)
-. ETFriendu and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday.)* at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Masonic -. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In 'this city. May IS, IS9S. Ellen,
• beloved- wife of John Sullivan. a native of
the parish of Enniskeen, County Monaghan,
Ireland. aged 7" years.'£*p9HßghpßE&fßßGse&i{i
■■ ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the.funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 514 Natoma'street, thence to St. .Pat-
rick' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will he celebrated for the renose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SINCERE— In Chicago, May 15, IMS. Carol,
- beloved daughter of Pam and Beckle Sin-
cere, and granddaughter of Mr. ■ and Mrs. •J.
-Weiss, aged 2 years, and 5 months.
TIERNEY— In ■ this city. May >. 17. 1898. Pat-
rick beloved brother of Martin Tierney and
Mrs ' C. N. Pratt, a native of Kilkenny, Ire-
land aged 53 years 10 months and 3 days.
. rrjr Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, ; from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. q 4*i Mission street. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city. May IS. IS9S. Fritz, be-
loved 5 husband • of : Mnnrarethe .• Weber, and
father of: Fritz and, Elsie. Weber, a native of
Germany, - aged .47 years and 6 months. = '-•;
' E^Friends and acquaintances and members '
of Court 'Hubertus. F. O. > A., are r respect-
• fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow :
(Friday), -at- 2 o'clock, from his 5 late resi-
dence," ■ ISA McLea : court, ' off Ninth . - street.'
between. Bryant and > Harrison. ■ ' Interment '
I. O. <">■ F. Cemetery.'
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. *t; I'\
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALME&S I
Vv k0 If TH ST., Opp. Lincoln Bshoal. i
■' " ' ■ v ' Telephone, Southfi^^^^^^^^l
1314
PHELAN WISHES
TO BE A CZAR
WANTS TO
SUCCEED
HIMSELF
Said to Have Formed
an Alliance With
Gov. Budd.
Has Resigned His Re
cent Gubernatorial
Ambitions.
A Rumored Combination That
Is Worrying the Local
Politicians.
FOR SOME HONOR AND MUCH
POWER.
The Mayor Will Keep Out of State
Politics If the Proposed Char
ter Is Adopted.
Mayor Phelan does not aspire to be
the next Governor of the State of Cali
fornia.
This simple statement does not con
vey any information that in itself is
important or surprising, but there is a
shock in store f<">r some of the astute
local politicians when all of the reasons
DIRECT PATRONAGE OF
THE NEW CHARTER MAYOR.
No. Members. Salary. Totals.
Board of Education 4 $3,000 §12,000
Civil Service Commission 3 1,200 3,600
Board of Health 7 (No compensation)
Beard of Election Commissioners. 5 1,000 5,000
Board of Park Commissioners 5 (No compensation)
Board of Fire Commissioners 4 1,200 4,800
Board of Police Commissioners 4 1,200 4,800
Board of Public Works ...3 4,000 12.000
Private Secretary 1 2,400 2,400
Usher 1 .900 900
Stenographer 1 900 900
38 846,400
The Mayor is also given power to fill all vacancies and
to appoint all officers whose election or appointment is not
otherwise provided for.
for the Mayor's surrender of a land
able ambition become known. A few
c-f the s> '-called leaders of the local
Democracy are already beginning to
calculate to what extent they have
b»*>n made catspaws. and to wonder
the apparent understanding be
tween Governor Budd and Mayor Phe
lan is going t" affect Uie place-hunters
whose fortunes depend upon the trend
of events during the coming campaign.
That there is such an understanding
there seems to be no good reascn to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWFUL SKIN HUMOR
CURED BY
CUTICURA
A MOTHER'S SWORN STATEMENT
My little daughter May's head and face
broke out in one solid mass of bleeding sores,
and one of her ears was so affected, that the
doctor thought that it would slough off. Her
suffering was intense, Retting no rest at all,
unless under the iufluenoe of opiates. The
physician tried every known remedy, but in-
stead of getting better, they seemed to get
Trorse all the time. Distracted with her con-
dition, I was advised to try Ccncnu Reme-
dies. I administered Cutiocra Resolvent
inwardly, 1 bathed her with CmcrßA. Soap.
and used Ccticitra (ointment)freely. Before
the first Keek I noticed that the little tufferer
was beginning to get rrlief. In lt*» than ttco
month* my little darling was entirely cured
and veil, she got as fat as a little pi?, and no
marks whatever are to be seen from the effects
Mr*. MELTON. 5 Hayilen
Oct. 20, 159 T. Witness, J. G. AHERX.
Gsobou. Frtrox COCXTT. ...:.<---
In perwrn appeared before m*. Ednr H. Or. a Jostle*
c! the Ptaee si: and for the :0M DUtrict. O. M, Bute tsd
eountr «ior*at:<*. J. O. mil. who. heir* <ialy rvan.
tfrpoteth »nd tilth, that th* abo** totltnonlkl it, to hi*
bu; knowledre «nd belief, true hi *rery detail.
i a. AHnuf .
Sworn to cad sstwctibed before m*. Oil* Oct. a <b. I S3*.
. Edo * > II- Oaa. -
»Vjtdtfc«mghTOi<li« ?om«D«c»jar»C«JM£,
. av> U B»* to Can >klapTeztai«d Babto,* frM.
dcrabt. In spite of the big talk that 1b
being: Indulged In regarding- the alleged
enmity that marks the political inter
course between Budd and Phelan. The
wise ones who profess to be able to see
behind and beyond the veil of diplo
macy with which the gTeat men seek
to hide the real intent of their acts as
sert that the Governor is "doing" San
Francisco politics with so masterly a
hand that he has already grot the game
in his awn hands before his less bril
liant party associates have even
divined his intent.
The conditions as stated are these:
Mayor Phelan seeks political prefer
ment for the honor that such prefer
ment will bring him, a sentiment not
the less laudable because he happens
to be in a position to ignore the ma
terial benefits that would follow. In
pursuit of his quest for further honors
Phelan set his eye on the Governor's
chair — and found, somewhat to his sur
prise, that he was encroaching on the
political preserves of the incumbent.
As Phelan was insistent and Budd
firm, there remained but two solutions
of the difficulties of the situation— there
must be either open warfare or a re
sort to diplomacy.
The subjects of the two opposing
leaders declared for war, and have
since been industriously arming them
selves for the expected conflict, the
marshaling of the Sullivan forces on
the pert of Phelan and the Harney
forces on the part of Budd being the |
visible evidences of their activity. In
the meantime the leaders were not idle.
The Governor conceded that the Mayor
had a perfect right to seek for honor
and power. He was even willing to as
sist the Mayor in his quest, providing !
it was made outside the State pre
serves. If the people of San Francisco
could be induced to accept the proposed
charter, what greater power could mor
tal man desire than to be elected
Mayor under its provisions? The |
honor attached to the position might I
be somewhat doubtful, but what was
lacking in this respect could be sup- j
plied by the Governor in another way.
He could appoint Phelan a Regent of
the State University, one of the most
honorable positions in the gift of the
Chief Executive. Having thus sup
plied the honor, the Governor could
then use his immense political power —
a power that is his through the benefi
ciaries of his patronage in this city
and in the State at large — to secure
the adoption of the charter, and thus
put the longed-for power within the
reach of Phelan's ambition. In return
for all this Phelan would withdraw
his objectionable presence from the
field of State politics.
And this is precisely what it is
claimed has been done.
Phelan was appointed a member of
I the Board of Regents, contrary to the
expectations of every one who was
. aware of the supposed enmity existing
J between the Governor and the Mayor;
the Harney faction— which is the Budd
faction — of the local Democracy has
; been instructed to offer no organized
; opposition to the adoption of the new
charter: Phelan has withdrawn his
lieutenants who were booming his can
didacy for the gubernatorial nomina
tion in the interior of the State; the of
ficials who are eating the cake of
Budd's patronage in this city are lend
ing their moral support to the com
bined effortt of Phelan and his follow
ers to secure the adoption of the new
I charter. In the face of these facts it
I would seem that the apprehensions of
those who profess to be able to see the
trend of events is not unfounded.
Governor Budd's power in this city
can be estimated at a glance. He has
control of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee. His is the hand that
guides and directs the policy of the so
i called Harney Democrats. He has at
his command the power and influence
that gt>es with the patronage of the
water front, the Board of Health, the
Board of Park Commissioners, the Reg
; istrar, a part of the Board of Fire Com
missioners, a part of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners, a part of the Board
of Railroad Commissioners, the Insur
ance Commissioner, and the attorneys,
secretaries and others who hold their
present positions at the pleasure and
by the grace of the Governor. A very
formidable array, to be sure, and one
I that will be a very material aid to the
] man who has resigned his claim? to th-^
I Governor's chair in order to be the Czar
of San Francisco under the new char
ter.
Should the proposed charter be adopt
ed and Phelan achieve his present am
bition to be Mayor under its provisions
j he would then be in the possession of a
power greater by far than the wise pro
visions of a republican form of gov
ernment have heretofore seen fit to
give to any one individual. He would
have the appointment of the Board of
j Education, the Civil Service Commis
| sion. the Board of Health, the Board of
i Election Commissioners, the Board of
j Park Commissioners, the Board of Fire
Commissioners, the Board of Police
; Commissioners, the Board of Public
i "Works, besides a secretary, usher and
I stenographer. These appointments
i would be his direct patmnape. HI? in
: direct patronage would include all of
; the appointments that would be made
i by the various boards and commissions
| named, which include the greater part
■ of the salary roll of the city and coun
i ty. His indirect patronage would be
his as absolutely as the direct patron
age, for the reason that he is given the
power to remove from office any one
whom he appoints without giving any
better reason than that of "incompat
ibility of views." If. for instance, the
Board of Health refused to appoint any
one or all of the 200 or more employes
i who are in that branch of the govern
t ment and who might be nominated by
the Mayor, then he could remove the
members of the Board of Health and
appoint a new board which would obey
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1898.
his commands. And this, too, without
assigning a reason for his act further
than that their views were not com
patible with his.
Besides all this the Mayor will have
a salary of $6000 a year, besides a fund
of $3600 a year, for the expenditure of
which he is not required to give an ac
counting. His other powers under the
new charter are so numerous that to
enumerate them all would require the
use of several columns of this paper.
There certainly seems to be "some
thing doing" In local politics, and that
"something" is what is worrying the
wise ones among the politicians who
make It the business of their lives to be
In at the death.
FOULKS MADE A
SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
BUT THERE MAY BE TROUBLE
OVER THE PLACE.
Three New Lumber Inspectors Ap
pointed at Salaries Which Are
at Present Indefinite.
A principal for the Business Evening
School was elected at the meeting of the
Board of Education yesterday, but It Is
not at all certain that he will be allowed
to take the place.
By resolution signed by Carew, Bantel.
Derham, Head, Barrington, Armer and
Waller, George H. Foulks, the present
vice-principal of the school, was made its
principal by the votes of those who signed
the resolution, and with ttt&t of Galla
gher. It is Gallagher's vote which may
cause trouble, however, for he voted no
on the first call, and then before the re
sult was announced he changed his vote
and gave notice of a reconsideration at
the next meeeting. So there may be more
legislation before Mr. Foulks gets the
place.
S. H. Kent. Daniel Powers and T. M.
McLachlan were appointed by the presi
dent as experts in lumber furnished the
School Department. This was done in
pursuance of a resolution passed at the
meeting of April 30. Mr. Head asked
what salary the experts would get, and
Mr. Barrington said it would probably
cost $10 a day each. Mr. Head objected,
because the department was not in a con- j
dition to pay any such sum. but he was
interrupted by a point of order by Waller. j
who declared the appointments were \
made In pursuance of a resolution passed !
in due form and they were not debatable
Barrington ruled the point well taken,
but the matter will come up again.
The question of a text book fnr draw
ing came up again, and a resolution ac
cepting the bid of D. C. Heath and the
Thompson system as the one for the
schools, conditional upon the court rul
ing that the board had power to make
such a change, was voted down, but it
may come up again at the meetlner Fri
day night, to which time the board ad
journed.
The resignation of Mr. Carew as an ad
ditional member of the Finance Commit
tee was accepted after some personal re- i
marks. It was ordered that the drill i
corps of the different schools should turn
out on Memorial day.
Leaves of absence" were granted as fol- !
lows: Idas L. M. Kfnney of the Whittler j
Primary from May 19. 1«« to Jvre 9
USB: Mrs M. h. itelrae of the Bernal
Primary from May 16, 1898, to May 38
FERRY DEPOT WORK.
The Plumbing Inspector Reports on
a Few Discrepancies.
The Poard of Health has at last taken
cognizance of the fart that the ferry de
i pot has not been built up to a strict or
; even a liberal interpretation of the plumb
ing rules. A report was submitted to the
Health Office yesterday by Plumbing In
spector Sullivan, which shows that eleven
of the rules of the board have been vio
lated, though to what extent does not fig
ure in the report.
I The contractors have not lived up to
the requirements in pipe connections, in
rain-water leaders, in washbasins, in
vents, in traps or slop hoppers, in closets
; ventilation, nor in the fouilamg- of waste
. pipes into the walls.
The report was ma-dc to Dr. O'Brien
( but he has left the office, and Dr. Oallwey
has not yet taken hold, so it is somewhat
of a problem to determine what will he
done, and when. It will probably be acted
on by the new Health Officer after he has
familiarized himself with the office
The Hose Carnival
This year at Santa Rosa. May 20, will
surpass anything which has yet been
given in the State. In the grand floral
parade there will be an exact reproduc
tion of the United States cruiser Newark
and two monitors, from whose guns will
belch forth roses and bouquets. There
will l>e many new features and roses era
lore. The Uniform Rank. Knights of Py
thias, which is in camp there, will be "in
the parade. F^r this occasion the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway will
make a round trip rate of Jl. Leave Tib
uron ferry at 7:30 and 9 a. m. •
The stirring story of the heroic ser
vices to the Union of the only woman
made a major in the regular army will
be in next Sunday's Call.
The Ballots Were Marked.
The Supreme Court ha? reversed the
judgment of the lower court of Modoc
County in the election contest ca?f> <>f
Estpp and I>aurer. At the election of 18%
W. F. Estes received a certificate of elec
tion to the position of Supervisor at the
hands of the Election Board. E. Laurer
contested the matter and after much tes
timony the lower court set aside the issu
ance of the certificate, holding that the
contestant had the majority of the votes
cast. The Supreme Court Justices re
versed the judgment on the gTound that
some of the ballots cast for Laurer had
"identifying marks" thereon, and conse
quently were illegal. Aside from these
Estes had sufficient ballots to secure his
election.
A Technicality Misfires.
In passing upon the appealed case of
Frank Prather yesterday the Supreme
Court took occasion to again uphold the
provisions of section 956 of the Penal Code.
Prather was convicted of stealing cattle
after a fair trial in the Superior Court of
Yolo County. According to the indict
ment, the defendant stole the cattle from
the "estate of James G. Fair, deceased."
Demurrer was made to the indictment on
the ground that the Information was too
vague and should have stated the heirs
or legatees- In upholding the Judgment of
the lower court the Supreme Court dwells
with some force on the section mentioned,
which provides that where there is suffi
cient certainty in the information to
identify the act an erroneous allegation
as to the person Injured Is not material.
L«i«l»s' tailor-made mitts: latest designs*.- w»
give credit. U. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 47.
Judge Campbell's Funeral.
The date for the holding of the funeral
of the late Police Judge Campbell has as
•yet not been set. although it is believed
that it will take place on Friday or Satur
day. It is possible, but not likely, that i
Sunday may be the day selected. Mrs.
Campbell has r.ot recovered from the
shock sufficiently to give final directions. .
As the late Judge was a member of South
Baa Francisco Lodge. F. and A. M. , there
la no doubt but what he will be buried un
der the auspices of that society, which
seems to be the desire of his friends and
relatives. It is believed that the funeral
will be "largely attended, as the deceased
had a host of friends.
Steamer Inspectors for Alaska,
Charles Lehners has been appointed in- .
spector of boilers for the District of Al- ;
aska from Sitka to the Yukon. Mr.
Lehners is a thoroughly competent man,
having been chief engineer for the
Spreckels Brothers Company for man"
year?. William Whitney has been ap
pointed local inspector ol nuns for Al
aska. The two new officials left yester
day morning to meet the Elder, which
will convey them to Sitka. There are
about M steam vessels in the Alaska
trade this year, and they will be exam
ined and passed upon as rigorously as is
the case with steam .vessels at this port.
Try our $1 eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
GALLWEY NOW
HEALTH OFFICER
Takes O'Brien's Place,
but Not His Salary.
HELPING HAND TO A FRIEND.
DR. PILLSBTJRY FINDS POISON
IN SHRIMPS.
Ie Butchertown Variety, He Says,
Will Kill Rabbits, and He Sug
gests That Their Sale Be
Stopped.
Dr. John Gallwey was appointed Health
Officer yesterday to nil the vacancy made
by the enlistment of Dr. A. P. O'Brien as
one of the surgeons of the First California
Volunteers. The appointment was made
In pursuance of an offer of service on the
part of Dr. Gallwey, and the conditions
imposed are an object lesson in the militia
circles of this State.
Both Dr. Gallwey and Dr. O'Brien are
members of the Sanitary Corps of the N.
G. C, Dr. Gallwey on the division staff
and Dr. O'Brien on the Surgeon Corps of
the First Regiment. When the First was
mustered into the service as a volunteer
regiment Dr. O'Brien took his place with
the others, giving up his position as
Health Officer and also the large practice
which he held. Dr. Gallwey has not been
ordered out, so to make the sacrifice of his
brother surgeon as light as possible, he
has volunteered to take O'Brien's place
as long as he is away, but the salary at
tached to it will go to O'Brien's family as
if O'Brien himself were holding the posi
tion. He also stipulates that if he is
called out there will be other members of
the Sanitary Corps who will follow his
example and take the place of the same
terms.
Dr. Gallwey's offer of services was made
in the following letter:
May 18, 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Health of the
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen:
Owing to the necessity for moving troops to
Manila at once, the sanitary corps of the Na
tional Guard of California is called upon to
detail certain of. its officer* to serve with this
force. As Dr. A. P. O'Brien is one of the
medical officers assigned to duty with the First
Regiment, and in common with every officer
of the corps, volunteered hi? services. It will
be n«--essary for him to depart with the first
detachment.
It Is therefore incumr^r.t upon him to resign
his position as health officer, and as this step
will result In a material hardship on those
depending on him, I hereby take the liberty
of tendering my services to your honorable
body as health officer during Dr. O'Brien's
absence, upon the express condition, however,
that the salary of the position shall be paid
to his family.
The sanitary corps Will highly appreciate the
co-operation of your honorable board, an i in
the event that I shall be called upon while this
proposed arrangement is in force, the corps
will be able to supply an nher substitute for
Dr. O'Brien upon the condition* herein named.
Trusting that this matter will receive favor
able consideration at yi or hands. I remain
your obedient servant. JOHN GALLWEY.
Colonel and Chief Surgeon of Division Sanitary
Corps, N. G. C.
The offer was gladly accepted by the
Board and by Dr. O'Brien. A leave of
absence for six months was granted to
Dr. O'Brien, but this will be extended
should the service of the regiment keep
him in the field longer than that time. In
the meanwhile his place will be ably filled
and in such away that he will lose noth
ing by his willingness to serve with his
command.
In the case of William H. Tobln, laun
dry inspector, who is also an officer of
volunteers, a leave of absence for three,
weeks was granted in order to allow htm
,to draw full salary for the month of May.
Hi? successor was not appointed.
E. S. Pfllsbury, M.L>.. In reporting upon
his investigations made in pursuance of
a petition from the Fishermen's Associa
tion asking that the sale of Butchertown
shrimps be prohibited, grave some inter
esting facts regarding the capabilities of
the shrimp when he feeds on sewage; it
mak<=>p him poison personified, for the doc
tor announces that he was able to kill
some rabbits and make others very sick
by merely injecting under their skins a
few of the microbes he obtained from
the Butchertown shrimp. The San Pablo
variety, h" found, would not hurt rab
bits, so h« concludes that the Butcher
town variety is poisonous and should not
be sold. The matter was referred to Dr.
Spencer, the hoard's bacteriologist.
On petition from a number of occupants
of buildings adjacent to a sausage fac
tory at TOT Market street, the Hea*t. Of
ficer was instructed to take steps neces
sary to abate the nuisance.
On suggestion of Dr. John Gallwey a
valuable dislnfector was loaned to the
volunteers by th<» Health Officer, the sol
diers not being able to procure one before
they are ordered away. Dr. O'Brien asked
the sanction of the board for what he had
done, and it was given him.
The suspension of Richard If. Jones,
disinterment inspector, was reported, and
as his successor J. "W. Cameron was ap
pointed. John Washington was madp
Cameron's successor as bakery inspector.
Neglect of duty is the cause of Jones' sus
pension.
On the suggestion of Food Inspector
Dockery the regtilation prohibiting the
using of berry boxes more than once was
modified to allow their use more than
once, provided the berries were placed In
little basket* made to fit the boxes.
CTJRSED FLAG AND COUNTRY.
James B. Gill Chrstises Two Insult-
ing Foreigners.
Foreigners who do not like Old Glory
and the country- which It represents would
better keep their treasonable statements
under subjection ■when abroad. A rase
•where two foreigners were brought to a
sense of American manliness "was Illus
trated a- few evenings since in a Kearny
street saloon.
There were present standing at the bar
James B. Gill, superintendent of the
Burglar Alarm Company, and another
gentleman when two individuals entered
the place and after calling for liquid re
freshments proceeded to direct their con
versation to all within their hearing. They
were profuse in choice epithets in con
demning the American flag and consign
ing every Yankee in the land to that hot
region where very wicked sinners are said
to go.
Mr. Gill stood the thing as long as he
could, and on seeing that the insulting
foreigners directed their remarks pur
posely for his hearing he turned to them
and remonstrated with them against us
ing such language. Saying that no man
living in this country and protected by its
laws should speak "so disrespectfully of
the flag and the people, he demanded a
retraction, which did not come. Without
losing much time over the matter his good
right arm was propelled against the jaw
of one of the men and his left followed
suit against the other's ear. The result
was that two foreigners lay sprawling on
the mosaic pavement. As soon as they
fot on their feet they slid out of the
oorway like two whipped curs.
Superintendent Gill, who is a most
powerfully built man. said that in future
no man can swear at Old Glory or curse
the American people while he is about
without having a fight on his hands.
Executor's Petitions.
Emma "Wohklmann. the widow of Claus
Wohidmann, filed a petition in the Prn
bate Court yesterday asking for letters
of administration on the estate of her
deceased husband. The value of the
estate is set out to be about $3030.
A similar application was filed by Mme.
Victoire Chaigneau, as executrix for the
estate of her grandson. Frederick Ken
nedy, the amount of which is estimated
to be about $20,000.
Their I>omestic Troubles Ended.
George Rose and his divorced wife
Elizabeth settled their financial troubles
yesterday. Rose granted $12,000 and the
entire furniture of their late but unhappy
home at 725^ Turk street to Mrs. Rjse.
The conditions upon which the settle
ment was made were made a part of the
proceeding, and filed with the papers in
the County Clerk's office.
ROMANCE OF
A BANKBOOK
Mystery of the Life of
Mary E. Collier.
OUTCOME OF A PERSONAL
UNCLAIMED MONEY LIES IN A
VAULT FOR YEARS.
An Army Surgeon Leaves a Snug
Legacy, Which Is Now Being
Claimed by Strangers.
The following personal in the San
Francisco papers a few days ago refers
to the case of a woman whose bank
account has for a long time been a
puzzle to those interested in the af
fairs of the Savings and Loan Bank of
this city:
MART E. COLLIER, who lived In San Fran
cisco in 1564-66, or her next kin, will re
ceive valuable information on communicating
with OSCAH T. SHUCK, attorney for absent
heirs, 609 Kearny st.. San Francisco.
Peculiar Interest attaches to this
case because the money in question
was deposited in her name by Dr. Ben
jamin Tappan, who was a surgeon in
j the United States army, and who was
i killed in an engagement with the
Apache Indians in 1866.
In 1864 the doctor's office was at 622
I Clay street. One day in that year he
stepped into the Savings and Loan
Bank, directly across the street, and
' made a deposit, signing "Mary E. Col
lier, by B. Tappan Jr." No syllable of
information has since been discovered
I concerning the Mary E. Collier in
question.
It has been learned that Dr. Tappan
was born in Steubenville, Ohio. Inves
tigations there led to the belief that
the Mrs. Collier in question had been
discovered in the wife of Dr. J. C.
Denise of Omaha, as Mrs. Denise was
once Mary C. Collier, and a schoolmate j
of Dr. Tappan. The signature of Mrs. j
Denise as Mary Collier was presented !
at the bank, whereupon the signature !
of Mary E. Collier was produced, and
there was not the slightest resem
blance. The real owner of the money,
it appeared, had signed her name to j
an order on the bank as far back as '
1864, directing the bank to honor any !
orders signed by Dr. Tappan as her
agent.
The brothers of Dr. Tappan, one of
whom is Rev. David S. Tappan of
Portsmouth, Ohio, now claim the
money, and assert that no Mary E.
Collier will ever be found. If the
money was originally for Mary E. Col- '
Her, and if the doctor subsequently
changed his mind and needed the
money personally, there is a theory
that he induced some woman to sign
the order which was produced at the
bank. It has not been disclosed how j
much of the money originally depos
ited was drawn by Dr. Tappan under
the terms of the order. A snug sum,
at all events, is now awaiting the true
owner.
A MOTHERS PLEA
FOR HER BOY.
SHE WANTED TO TAKE HIM OUT
OF THE ARMY.
Released on Habeas Corpus. He Was
Arrested by the Military Authori-
ties for Fraudulent Enlistment.
"Give me my boy! The Judge gave him
to me: " cried Mrs. Hilda C. Boyson yes
terday afternoon, as she clung desper
ately to the arm of a strapping young
feilow, dressed in the United States in
fantry uniform.
"Y"U can't have him, madam." replied
Captain Rheinhold Richter of Company
I. First Infantry. California Volunteers,
taking the soldier by the other arm. "He
is under arrest by military authority, and
he must go with us."
Mrs. Boyson is the mother of E. M.
Boyson, a private in the company and
regiment just named. Young Boyson is
srs old, and volunteered with the
rest of his comrades to fight for his
country against the Spaniards.
His mother had him produced In the
United States District Court before Judge
de Haven by virtue of a writ of habeas
corpus setting forth that he was under
age and Illegally restrained by Captain
Kicht*r. lieutenant J. J. Wesi repre
sented the captain in the law proceed
ings. The evidence showed that the
young man was only 20 years of age Thf
mother testified that he was her'onlv
support, her husband being sick and un
able to care for her.
The case was all the more distressing
because the young fellow had set his
heart on going to the war, and dreads the
ridicule that will be showered upon him
should he be released from service. Judge
de Haven found that the hoy had not
bf-en legally enlisted and ordered that he
be delivered into the keeping of his
mother: but a* soon as he got out of the
courtroom he was placed under military
arrest by the captain and the lieutenant
on a charge of having enlisted by false
and fraudulent representations as" to his
age.
He will be court-martialed and prob
ably be taken to Manila, in spite of his
mother's pleas.
NEARING THE END.
Conclusion of the Masonic Widows'
and Orphans' Aid Enter
tainments.
The Masons expect that the Baldwin
Theater will be filled to the doors at the
matinee to-day. Manager Frledlander
having turned the place of amusement
over to those who are working so hard
for the benefit of the Masonic Widows'
and Orphans" H>.me. A better programme
could not be made up. for those who have
volunteered their services are the pick of
all the theaters in town. The Masons are
sure that the affair will be a fitting wind
up of the entertainment they have given
during the past week.
The management announces that ticket
442 of the raffle at the recent fair won the
beautiful bedroom set that was displayed
in the Oakland Scottish Rite booth. *So
far the holder of the ticket has not put
in an appearance to claim the prize. The
management will give the holder of the
winning ticket thirty day? in which to
forward and <-la:m the prize. If at
the expiration of that time- it is still un
claimed the set will be sent to the home.
William Dean Howells advises you
how to succeed as an author in next
Sunday's Call. Read his story.
The Union Ice Company Sued.
Joseph R<">?er;herp. a minor, brought
suit, by hi? guardian. George Rosenberg,
in the Superior Court yesterday for $10,000
damages, alleged to have been inflicted
on the person of the boy by one of the
ice company's delivery wagons while
backing up against the sidewalk on Fo!
som street, between Sixth and Seventh,
on July 7, 1596. Theinjuries.it is charged
in the complaint, shattered his thighbone
to such an extent as to cripple him for
life.
Fatal Accident to a Stevedore.
"William Barton, the aged stevedore,
who was injured by failing into the bold
of the ship Port Logan last Monday, died
In the- City and County Hospital yester
day.
ioooo o^o^o^ocTol^b^o o^o^o^> 0000000000000
I I Weather | ■ W | 7 $ Closed %
» f Report : « ■""» &~fk P y~%. i Ever y
» I Clo - d y til 5-f Ir* **^ % Nlghti I
( <8> Thursday. <s> 2 H BL I m A^^T A '"eluding <$
, | Fresh • -■- J^ M. m^y • | Saturday, |
.■ s Westerly % $At Six ' J
4> Wind ' $> ■ '& " O'Clock 9
; : lwm4 : 937=939=941=943=945-947 Market Street t^^^J
• Store
• News.
1 Concert Saturday next by Boston Elite Orchestra, under the dl-
i rection of Leo Bruck, from 2 to 5 p. m.
. ■■•>.; This afternoon a monster benefit for the Masonic Widows and
Orphans' Home will be given at the Baldwin Theater. The leading
'■ talent from the Baldwin, California and Columbia theaters will lend
their aid to make it a grand success. Tickets for sale at Hales.
$1.00 Each.
The embroidery sale continues popular. Hundreds of ladles
crowded the counters yesterday. The entire lqt from our art window
display will be put on sale to-day. Prices 5c and 9c yard for all
widths, white or colored.
Table linens are meeting a brisk demand. A department where
' Hale's buying power counts a- saving to you.
Shirt "waists seem more popular, than ever. We've moved them
to the cloak department, so that you could use the fitting-rooms
adjacent. A popular line at 50c. •
Many ladies have "discovered" a veiling snap at Hales. It s a
lot of black chenille dot veiling, worth from 30c to 50c, selling at 250
a yard. Did you know about it?
THE POPULARITY OF THE Me CALL PATTERNS IS WONDERFUL.
Selling
flillinery
Flowers.
The millinery department seems busier than ever. Pattern hats
selling as fast as our trimmers can turn them out. The summer
shipment of millinery flowers has just arrived. They are prettily dis-
played in an elegant new set of heavy nickel showcases. Choosing
is easy; selling brisk. Don't be late.
Hale's
Dollar
Glove.
We are introducing our new two-clasp dollar glove, in the latest *
s shades of tan, brown, red, green, purple and navy. Also white or I
black. It's a pique walking glove. All sizes. Every pair warranted, ,
fitted, cleaned and mended free. On display inside window of main
entrance. '
$1.00 F»air. ]
Vacation f!
Trunks. <
Takes careful buying to get right trunks. It isn't always the <
beauty that counts: it's the strength you want. 'Trunks are made (
to bang around and protect your goods and chattels, not to break
and spill them. Hale's trunks are safe. "We bought them for wear. '
METAL COVERED OVAL TOP TRUNKS- -With tray-sheet, iron bot-
tom: an ideal ladles' vacation trunk: plenty blcr and conveniently ar- '
ranged. At Hate's— 2B-lneb. $2 25; 30-inch. FBI 51); 32-inch, .?- 75; <
34- Inch, If'J IK): 36-inch. *3 25.
- CANVAS COVERED FLAT TOP TRUXKS — With tray, four wood-top (
straps; two wood side strap all around: good and strong: the kind to (
bang around At Hale's — 28-inch. *."» i.'i; 30-inch, ST» 5O; 32-inch,
»<i OO; 34-inch. SO 25. <
• DRESS SUIT CASES— most convenient arrangement for a gentl»- (
man's outfit: good for other- things beside a dress suit. At Hale'a —
inch. $2 S5; 24-inch. *- »5. j;^\ : .r '
GRAIN LEATHER CABIN BAGS— A snug little case; more convenient I
and- wearable than handsome. At — 12-inch, $2 SO; 14-inch, ,
93 25; 15-inch. &l -».■■».
DEEP OXFORD: VALISE— OIive grained leather: a convenient little (
traveling satchel; best for ladies' use. At Hale's — 75c; 14- (
inch, X»c;. 18-inch, »<»<.•
CLUB BAG— Enameled alligator effect: a good little bag at a very small .'
price- the small ones nice for lunch bags. At Hales—9 -i nch, 4Oc; '
11-inch, 45c: 13-inch, sOc; 15-inch, 55c. — ' ,
GLADSTONE BAG— Enameled alligator effect: a square-shaped satchel
with straps; (rood and strong and very handy. At Hale's — 14-lnch, '
SI 15; 16-inch, *1 25; IS-inch, $1 35; 20-inch. $1 45; 22-inch, ,
$1 55; 24-inch, »1 05.
What's in ;
Hale's |;
Bazaar? <
Almost even-thing, from tacks to ladders All kinds of Kitchen <
and Household 'Utensils. Agate. Iron, Tin and Wooden "tt are; Gas .
Ind Oil Stoves. Labor-saving Cooking Inventions. Brooms. Mops. <
cnnnq and Brushes; Toys. Dolls, Books and Games: Baskets. Ham- <
moc^s Trunks' Valises" and Hampers: Bird Cages, China and Glass
7";' Flaes etc. AH fresh and new and conveniently arranged. '
Plenty big-i'n fact, the biggest department in the store. Good <
lieht and willing, efficient, interesting salesfolk to help you. It a
pleasure shopping in Hale'a Bazaar.
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
The best grocery bargains
in all San Francisco.
SWEET PICKLES, pint jar .20c
Prepared by H. J. Heinz Co., Plttsburg, Pa.
Bpsi Known Brand.
IMPERIAL CHEESE, small jar 10c
Medium 25c
Appetizing. Pure. Nutritious.
Richest. Creamiest Cheese made.
Regular price 15 and 30c.
PORT WINE (California) .... bot 50c
Gal. $2.00
Of rare old vintage and
especially recommended
for medicinal _purpose.
Regular price «oc and $3.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, qt. b0t. .... .50c
The genuine Italian.
Regular price 6.V?.
EASTERN SYRUP, gallon . . ... . 51c
Delicious for hot cakes.
Regular price 75c
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 HLLNORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Km 5522. Teleplioas West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
ALASKA
KOTZEBUE SOUND
STEAMERS.
First=Class to Dawson
$200.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
(Polar Bear Line)
Will Dispatch • the Following Steamers: [ :
May 25, 1898 For St. Michael
' The New- Electric Lighted Steamer
NATIONAL CITY,
Connecting at that : point with the magnificent
river steamers "James Eva." "J. W. Scam-
mell." H. H. Barling" and "Hetty B." for ;
Dawson - and Tnkon . River " points.
June !, 1898 . For St. Michael
The Magnificent Steamer
EXCELSIOR,
Connecting with the above river boats.
250 Pounds Baggage Free.
The lowest of rates can be obtained on these ;
steamers. ALASKA-TUKOX TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY. General Office. 3 Steuart ,
St.". • San ■ Francisco. '> Cal. , - " ~ ?
VA/. X. HESS,
: HOTAST POBLIC ATTORSST-AT LAW, ,
Team Floor, Room 1015. Clau» Spreckela BJdg. !
Telephone Brown S3L .
•■i Residence, S2l = California street, : below
Powell, San Francisco.
I DINING TABLES, a
, i Just Arrived — A i **
* C A Z(\ Carload of EX- ( A Zti I*
! it TENSION TA- $J..3U „
r. *T BLES-This week *t »
[l only. SS
♦5 We will pell a table like cut (or (4N, m
gj Oak 4ox4o-inch top when closed. •*
ss COUCHES— A BEAUTY. X
85 THIS WEEK ONLY AT $6 50 "
it Worth double. Xo room here foe *"*
<-. description. Come and see for yourself, °?
S . — -a
a J. NOON AN, a
•a 1017-1023 Mission Street, a
2? Above Sixth. /
SS Phone, South 14. Open Evening. 8
85 GASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TLME. »
S? »
SPECIALNOTICE I
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of QtMcta
JUNEJFIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions la
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Cras will Dm
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday, .
June 1 two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort will be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to Jane
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man-
ager room £9. Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco After above date they should a4dr?«a
him at .Castle Crag. Shasta County. CaL
000000000000000000
jw PALACE A -i p Z
•GRAND hotels*
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
" I*l ill H - by a covered passageway. .
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attachai °
O *!-*• Uxdeb OKI MjLSAGSMXjTE ' O
O MOTE THE PRICES: Q
O European Plan. Sl. OO per day an 4 upward ft
American Plan. »3. OO per day and upward w
O , Corre>pondencr Solicited. O
O JOES C. XIKKTAT&ICK, JUsagw. Q
00 0000 OOP OOP OOOOOQ
MADE ME A MAN
/<-?», AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
kj ~\ AULSrrrona JX**<i*«»— Failing Mem-
H2# or7,lapotesc7,Sleep!e<sne»,ete-esTxs«l
. If. T by Abuse or othsr Excesses and India-
* > %£Ka > cretioni. - They quickly atut ntrtly
\ '""*/ rs«tor« Lost VUalisj in old or ywms. and
uCs^c*^; £; a m&a for atody, bc«in«ea or marriage.
mI! BIT. 1 tTer«ns lasaoity and Consumption if
taken in use. Their c.-> thorn immediate {mprare-
Ei«nt and effaeta a CDHE *rhe. all other tail la-
sist upon haTiag the genoiito Ajaz Tablata. They
cared thousands and — : . 1 care you. We .»ive spots
lUt« written guarantee to eSsct a cora Eft |*TO ia
eachcaasor reread the ooney.- Price 9U V I par
*>rlr»g»»; or six |**M ttwD treat Eject 1 for |2.9) Br
mail, in plain wrapper, nron receipt of trie*. Circular
««• AJAX REMEDY co.v!&£r??£
For sale In San Francisco by Letpclts ft Co-
C« Batter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, •MS «*t.